Chapter Vol 4 2184: Dominate the dragon's claws, slay the devil!

"Next, let's end it again!"

"Holy flame, obey the call of this seat!"

"Take down your body and obey my orders!"

"Follow me, kill this demon with a trace!"

The Zen master fell, and the body and spirit were destroyed, but Xiao Yan didn't have time to think about it. The five-color holy flame above the turtle shell became more and more intense. everything.

The combination of the sacred flame and the blue energy of the lower body, like a halo of destruction, bloomed.

"Boom!"

Looking at Xiao Yan's terrifying offensive, the blood-colored centipede roared up to the sky, the void shattered, and a thick dark tide surged, which actually completely blasted this place!

In Baxia's body, there are five positions on the head and limbs, which correspond to Xiao Yan's five holy flames one by one. Each of the five flames occupies a corner. The surging flames beat violently, burning all the evil in the world. Finally, the five energy parts of the lower body were formed abruptly!

The real body of Baxia, constructed from flame energy, completely woke up. In this flame tortoise shell, there was a terrifying power that moved the heavens and the earth.

"Crack, click!"

Let the blood-robed centipede perform such a tyrannical attack, but it is easily annihilated outside the tortoise-shaped flame furnace.

Obviously at this moment, the chances of winning the blood-robed centipede are very slim.

"Want to run?"

Seeing that the real body of Ba Xia had such terrifying power, Xiao Yan was extremely excited, but he turned his head to see the blood-colored centipedes escaping around, the corner of his mouth couldn't help but trace a long-lost relief, and immediately laughed.

"Boy, don't be mad!"

"Tai Ben respects the whole team, I'm here to clean you up!"

The blood-colored centipede roared, and immediately its body sank into the dark undercurrent, escaping toward the depths of the sea.

The five holy flames have different origins, but they act on their own evil power, like a red-hot iron sticking **** the skin. That feeling makes one's soul uplifted!

There is also the power to dominate the lower body, the turtle-shaped furnace formed by the mutual blessing of the two, the power contained in it, I am afraid that I have no chance of winning now!

"Don't worry, you can't escape!"

The flame tortoise shadow furnace in front of Xiao Yan was shining brightly, the heads and feet formed by the energy of the flames protruded together, and endless terrifying power emerged.

"Wong buzzing!"

The voice fell, and countless cyan radiance radiated from the top of the lower body of the tyrant, and the piercing cyan radiance rose up, imprisoning the entire sea space. It seems that under this power, the power of the blood-robed centipede is rapidly weakening.

"Domination!!!"

The escape route was blocked, the cyan brilliance and the bright flame breath made the blood-colored centipede have no choice but to return without success, the corners of its mouth were hideous, and the anger swept out.

"You can't run away."

Xiao Yan controlled Ba Xia's real body and slowly forced this guy to go away. The two were fighting, and naturally he didn't plan to let this guy go.

"Baxia... the power of the Dragon King!"

"Let me fall and do this again!"

At this moment, under the light of the cyan halo and holy flame, Xiao Yan's body actually became illusory, a terrifying body, like stepping through the endless starry sky, lingering behind Xiao Yan, the tortoise-shaped flame furnace was extremely gorgeous and destroyed. Sexual volatility is just around the corner.

"Breakthrough!"

Feeling this near-destruction wave, the blood-colored centipede snarled violently, its **** mouth roared, and the endless evil aura spewed out, turning into an evil blood column that exceeded ten thousand feet, carrying its ferocious power and blasting away at Xiao Yan.

"Wong buzzing!"

The second attack left his hand, but the blood-colored centipede was wrapped by the tyrannical body wrapped in holy flames, causing the blood-colored centipede to solidify in the void.

The two attacks stalemate each other, it seems that no one can resist the other for a while.

A cyan figure appeared behind "Xiao Yan" in the distance. After this figure appeared, the palms of the two were clenched at the same time, forming a fist shape.

Above the fist, a tortoise-shaped scale shone with bright blue light, blooming with a faint wave of destruction.

On the cyan tortoise-shaped scales on the fist, a cyan dragon shadow appeared. Looking closely, it looked exactly the same as Baxia's body?

"Wong buzzing!"

Xiao Yan seemed to have fallen into some kind of mysterious state. The fourth transformation of the Dragon God was instantly displayed, and half of his body was fried and turned into a dragon.

But in the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan was not only half-dragon, but his entire body was bathed in cyan light at the same time, and his body actually turned cyan, with traces of cyan energy flowing like blood, and above his skin, The blue dragon scales exploded.

This kind of power, this kind of fluctuation is more powerful than the previous scales!

"How can it be!"

"You can actually control the power of the Tyrant Dragon King?"

A low roar gushed out from the mouth of the blood-colored centipede, and countless voids collapsed at the same time.

"Baxia, Dragon God's Claw!"

The green light illuminates the world, distorting the world, and there is a faint sound of roaring dragon roars.

Countless voids, countless energies quietly crawled down, respectfully facing "Xiao Yan" above the air barrier, exuding extremely respectful awe!

"The power of the Dragon King under the tyrant!!!"

The shock was shock, but the blood-colored centipede did not hold any hands, and the whole body became deep, and instantly broke free from the shackles of the real body. Vigorous, it makes people's minds become distorted!

From a distance, it looked like a round of black holes, exuding an extremely crazy evil power. Obviously, he also smelled the real wave of death from the current "Xiao Yan".

"Blood-clothed centipede, die."

Xiao Yan whistled softly, and suddenly the power in the entire realm became turbulent, and countless crazy fluctuations emerged.

On Xiao Yan's body, the cyan dragon scales contained extremely terrifying fluctuations, and the whole person was extremely violent. A turtle-shaped body above his fist contained a monstrous offensive, and a cyan dragon shadow crawls outBang bang bang! "

The fist opened, and a giant cyan claw instantly formed. The shadow of the cyan claw fell, the void shattered, and instantly intertwined with the blood-colored centipede!

The energy ripples that destroyed the sky and the earth, the blood-blue two-color light, like two meteorites collided, and completely exploded, and the terrifying aura that was enough to annihilate all things directly tore the madness of this sea area.

Tens of thousands of feet of turbulent waves ripped apart the void, and the entire sea tumbled into chaos!

"Whoa!"

No matter how majestic the attack, in the end, it did not cause any attack on Xiao Yan. The blue-colored lower body was blessed by holy flames, protecting every inch of Xiao Yan's skin.

"ended!"

Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, and the azure dragon claws roared out, with a sentence that surpassed the most powerful force of the Scarlet Centipede.

Coupled with the power of Shengyan and the Dragon King, this guy had no power left, and was completely killed by Xiao Yan!

"It's finally over..."

After strangling the blood-colored centipede, and then erasing all the remaining evil creatures under the 10,000-meter space in this sea area, the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth was relieved.

He took down his body and finally got his hands on it, and this guy was also killed under his own power!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: