Chapter Vol 4 1226: Ethereal Tears vs 3 Eyes Ghost Eyes!

"Crash!" The three dazzling holy flames, under Xiao Yan's urging of Fen Jue, slowly merged together without too many obstacles, so a drop of silver liquid the size of a tear slowly appeared in the In front of Xiao Yan!

This space tear is undoubtedly more powerful than when Xiao Yan used it in Xuan Santian!

After all, it was the first time that Xiao Yan used the fusion of holy flames in Xuantian Santian. It was naturally quite difficult for the three holy flames to disagree with each other, and their strength was weak at that time, so naturally they could not compare with the present.

"Gugugu!" The liquids of dark blue, yellow and gray slowly merged together, and then a terrifying soul force that could easily obliterate the soul of the fairyland suddenly emerged from the three-color liquid.

"Yingying... I will revive you as soon as possible." Looking at the ethereal tears in his palm, a figure of a shadow slowly poured into his heart, and the frown and smile of that shadow slowly incited Xiao Yan My heart whirls, even a single tear can't help but slowly drip down!

"Three-eyed ghost pupil, give me death!" The next moment, Xiao Yan no longer hesitated or held back, the ethereal tears in his palm suddenly condensed and formed, and then Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and threw his palm heavily towards him. !

"Boom!" The ethereal tears, like a drop of extremely small crystal silver and antimony tears, slowly flew away towards the three-eyed ghost pupil.

However, this fusion of three holy flames of space tears, along the way, turned out to be an extremely serious explosion in the boundless space, as if it exploded because it could not bear the terrifying power of space tears.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Weng buzzing!" Facing the attack of the ethereal tears, the three-eyed ghost pupils were like a formidable enemy, and the three pupils glowed with a hint of deepness, and then the three-color liquid was also slowly pushed by it, and hit it directly. The oncoming ethereal tears.

"Boom boom boom!" The three-color liquid and the three-color holy flame collided with tears in an instant, and a terrifying flame storm suddenly swept the entire boundless. At that time, the soul above the three-color liquid fluctuated. A speed visible to the naked eye is rapidly diminishing!

"Huhuhu!" The three-eyed ghost pupil seemed to have discovered this scene. Those three pupils couldn't help but burst into bursts of power of different colors, directly injecting them into the three-color liquid, trying to resist the tears of the next empty spirit. Otherwise, they know that once they are defeated, I am afraid that their fate will not be much better.

"As soon as the ethereal tears come out, is it the reason for failure?"

"Blow me up!" And Xiao Yan looked at the three-eyed ghost pupils that were gradually falling into the lower winds, without any hesitation, he directly detonated the ethereal tears completely!

Xiao Yan motivated Voidling Tears. Naturally, he wanted to motivate Fen Jue, which consumed an unimaginable amount of fighting qi that ordinary people could not imagine. Therefore, he naturally couldn't be dragged with Sanmu Guitong.

"Boom boom boom!" Stimulated by Xiao Yan's dazzling duel fighting spirit, and adding Xiao Yan's order, the ethereal tears that were like tears, crystal silver and antimony, turned into a crater in an instant. The power of the sacred flame described, vented directly to the three-eyed ghost pupil!

And with the complete detonation of the ethereal tears, this unbounded space also instantly turned into a world of flames, and countless flames were noisy everywhere, and even a touch of lava followed.

"Weng Om Om!" When he realized that he was no match for the human in front of him, the three pupils of the three-eyed ghost pupil suddenly closed, as if they were seriously injured, and quickly ran away from the outside.

"Humph."

"I'm running away now...it's too late!"

"Empty Spiritual Tears, refine it for me!" Looking at the Three-eyed Ghost Eyes who gave up their resistance and fled in a hurry, Xiao Yan didn't give it any chance. He directly controlled the remaining Ethereal Tears and chased after them.

"Pfft." Seeing the three-eyed ghost pupil being continuously refined by his holy flame, Xiao Yan also let out a long sigh of relief, and then sat down.

It was obvious that Fen Jue had just been activated to fuse the three holy flames, and he was attacking and even detonating the ethereal tears at the end, which had completely squandered nearly 90% of Xiao Yan's power of fighting immortals.

"Although the power of the fusion of the three holy flames is tyrannical, for me now, I am afraid it is only a blow." Xiao Yan gasped, trying to absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth from the boundless and restore the power of fighting immortals. , but in Hungry Unbounded, there was not a trace of heaven and earth spiritual energy, which made Xiao Yan wrinkle his brows.

"Forget it, it's too dangerous here, let's talk about restoring strength first." Xiao Yan shook his head, then directly twisted his own ring, and took out a fiery red mellow elixir from it.

Fairy Pill!

It is enough for a strong person below 3-star Dou Xian to recover 80% of Dou Qi within a short period of time after taking it. Although only one can be taken within a month, otherwise it will produce antibodies and lose its effect, but this cannot limit its effect. value!

This is simply a must-have for going out!

"It's just this one. It seems that I need to find some time to add more pills to restore vindictive qi." Xiao Yan said without hesitation. With a wave of his palm, the Immortal Spirit Pill was swallowed by Xiao Yan.

"Gulu gulu!" It was strange to say that this fairy pill was just swallowed by Xiao Yan, and it immediately turned into a smear of extremely tyrannical pure energy, directly facing Xiao Yan's depleted fighting core, and even the limbs and bones gathered together. go.

"It's really a good thing." In just one breath, Xiao Yan realized that the vindictive vindictiveness in his body that had already been drained, actually recovered nearly 70%!

Even if he didn't reply to the rumored 80% just the 70% grudge was enough to surprise Xiao Yan!

Just imagine, if you devour a medicinal pill when your lamp runs out, and instantly restore 70% of your vindictive energy, it will definitely not be difficult to escape.

As for the fact that 80% of the vindictive energy was not recovered, only 70% of it was related to the burning decision in Xiao Yan's body or something.

"Weng Om Om!" And as Xiao Yan was so happy, the three-eyed ghost pupil in the air was also on the verge of being refined by the power of holy flame, and it could dissipate at any time.

As for those gray pupils, there is also a sense of powerlessness. Obviously, even the strongest third eye, did not expect that the human being he wanted to devour would actually be a guy with three holy flames!

The power of the holy flame has a great attraction and enhancement to the fire-type powerhouse, not to mention that these three flowers are condensed on one person. I am afraid that such an increase can only be described by the word evildoer.

"Next, it's time to harvest, I hope you won't let me down." Looking at the dying three-eyed ghost pupil, Xiao Yan's dark pupils also became hot!

The three-eyed ghost pupil is a great supplement to the power of the soul. Now he is only one step away from the soul of the fairyland. Whether he can succeed or not depends on this time.

The dying three-eyed ghost pupil seemed to have sensed Xiao Yan's malicious smile, and the three pupils suddenly burst out with the last trace of strength, as if to buy a little time for their escape, but at this time, the boundless world was already full of With the power of the holy flame, no matter how the three-eyed ghost pupil jumps, he cannot escape the fate of falling.