Chapter 575: The source power of holy flame, the burial of the broken rock!

On the other side, at the top of the desert mountain range at this time, the whole place was shrouded in the wood world of the Mad Wood Immortal Master. Huge trees in the sky rose up from the ground, and then kept facing each other, turning the blood demon. All the retreats of the left guard will be killed one by one!

"I am afraid that even I am struggling with the wood domain and soul power of this Mad Wood Immortal Master... and these trees are not ordinary things. It seems that this Mad Wood Immortal Master has exerted extremely terrifying soul power." Xiao Yan's aura was elevated to the extreme, and then he secretly praised the things in Immortal Master Crazy Wood's domain.

This Wood Realm is the realm of the Mad Wood Immortal Master. Within this mere area, the Mad Wood Immortal Master's strength will be multiplied several times, and even the strength of the Gorefiend Left Guard will be suppressed to a certain extent!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boy, looking at your potential, this Mad Wood Immortal Master's wood realm is powerful, but you are also a pharmacist yourself, and you have possessed both fire and wood attributes since ancient times, and the increase in the wood realm for you is quite terrifying. "Long Yi said with disdain, and then rolled his eyes at Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also knew it, and he immediately stopped talking and paid attention when he was concentrating.

"Gorefiend Left Guard, where are you running!" Immortal Master Madwood shouted, and then his speed skyrocketed, chasing after him!

In fact, with the strength of the Gorefiend Left Guard, naturally he would not be afraid of this Mad Wood Immortal Master, not to mention that this Mad Wood Immortal Master is still in a state of soul, and his strength is greatly reduced, but the most important thing is Saint Flame.

I don't know if it's because of the balance between heaven and earth or other reasons. Among their many foreign evil races, each race is restrained by a holy flame.

There are thirty-six holy flames in total, corresponding to thirty-six extremely powerful evil races!

"Gorefiend...exploding!" The Gorefiend left guard ran away for a while, and suddenly realized that Immortal Madwood was chasing after him. He didn't run away immediately, and shouted abruptly to the many trees surrounding Immortal Madwood behind him!

"Boom boom boom!" Three terrifying blood-colored energy beams with a monstrous evil aura suddenly attacked Immortal Master Madwood!

"Humph!"

"Wooden Hand!" Immortal Master Madwood's eyes narrowed and the terrifying tree around him wriggled instantly. When the terrifying and evil power of the Gorefiend Left Guard was about to attack him, the trees around him turned into a huge giant. Hand, directly suppress that energy!

"Susu!" Seeing this, the left guard of the Gorefiend exuded a sinister smile, and then his figure flickered and disappeared in place in an instant.

The next moment, when Gorefiend Zuowei appeared, he had already come directly to Immortal Master Crazy Wood, raised his **** hand that was red all over, and snapped it at Immortal Crazy Wood Tian Linggai!

This seemingly simple blow actually contains most of the evil power of the Left Guard of the Gorefiend. If the soul body of this Mad Wood Immortal Master is attacked like this, it will probably vanish in an instant!

"Gorefiend left guard, you must underestimate me too!" A dignified snort burst out from the mouth of the Mad Wood Immortal Master!

"Spirit Cloud Strike!" A light hum emanated from Immortal Madwood's mouth, and then Immortal Madwood's dazzling soul power, like a thread of gunpowder, ignited rapidly, instantly bursting out with the supreme power that annihilates everything. !

"not good!"

"Hurry up and hold your breath, don't use vindictive energy or soul power!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank after seeing the dazzling soul power of Mad Wood Immortal Master, and a tremor originating from the depths of his soul filled the air. Xiao Yan's heart!

The soul power of this Mad Wood Immortal Master has reached the fairyland, and the soul power of the fairyland is undoubtedly one heaven and one underground compared to the emperor realm!

"Okay!" The three of Shanyao didn't know what their current form was. After all, the three of them couldn't get involved, so they immediately followed Xiao Yan's voice!

It's just that Yan Jian, who seems to be brewing some terrifying trick, has a lot of changes in his opinion of Xiao Yan: "This kid is not a coward... If we kill this blood demon left guard, this saint Yan can also be handed over with confidence…”

"After all, I still have to take care of those two children. The threat of Saint Flame is too great."

Yan murmured on his handsome face.

"Boom boom boom!" The few people just finished speaking, they turned their heads and saw that in the center of the battle, a blood-colored evil force and a colorless and transparent soul force collided viciously together!

"I must win..." I don't know why, although Shan Ling had already followed Xiao Yan's practice at this time, the fluctuations caused by the power of the soul and the power of blood-colored evil still made it extremely difficult for Shan Ling. Ling had to protect her in front of Shanyao, her hands tightly covering her ears.

Xiao Yan, who was beside him, instantly retracted his own strange fire into his body. As for Long Yi, who was above the ancient ruler of strange fire, he also returned to it.

"I can't believe that Immortal Master Madwood is so righteous, and even expending all the power of this soul body, he wants to seriously injure the left guard of the Gorefiend. This is clearly a gift for you." Long Yi seemed vaguely vague. Knowing something, he said mysteriously.

"It's going to be desperate!" The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't care what Long Yi said, and his perception was astonishingly felt that the soul power in the body of the Mad Wood Immortal Master was rapidly draining!

"Yan, I'm looking at you!" Immortal Master Crazy Wood kept entangling trees one by one, and then he attacked the Gorefiend Left Guard. With the addition of the terrifying soul power, the Gorefiend Left Guard at this time turned out to be Vaguely a little labored up!

It's just that Immortal Master Crazy Wood has done all this, and his soul and body fluids have become illusory. Obviously, those methods just now have reached his current limit!

"Rock Shattered Heavenly Burial!" Yan heard the words, a trace of grief flashed in his eyes, and then he shouted at the Gorefiend Left Guard who was struggling to resist the attack of the Mad Wood Immortal Master!

With the explosive sound of Yan, a flame like a khaki liquid slowly flowed out of the rock.

The power of the khaki holy flame had just appeared, and the weak evil power in this space was instantly shattered, and even the left guard of the Gorefiend could not help shrinking his pupils: "Damn, this Mad Wood Immortal Master and What kind of medicine did Yan take, do you have to fight the threat of falling and die with me..."

The Left Guard of the Gorefiend had a bit of a hard time dealing with Immortal Master Crazy Wood's desperate soul power. At first, he felt uneasy, but now he is adding the source power of the holy flame of this rock, which is extremely tricky!

"Boom boom boom!" The power of the holy flame on the rock body just appeared, and the khaki-yellow rock all over the body also resonated violently with the holy flame, so it immediately attacked the power of the khaki-yellow holy flame on the rock. !

"Go!"

"Gorefiend buried in the rock!" Seeing this, Yan smiled slightly in his heart, and immediately above the palm of his hand, the khaki-yellow holy flame seemed to come alive, skipping directly into the sky!

As the holy flame came to the sky, the rocks around him seemed to be called by something, and they frantically moved towards the holy flame.

"It's this trick again..." Seeing this, the left guard of the Gorefiend sank slightly!

Because he knew that at the beginning, he suffered from this trick!

That time, Immortal Master Crazy Wood relied on this move to suppress him directly, and that's why the picture taken by the giant hand in the sky that Xiao Yan and the others saw just now!

Ask for tickets!