Chapter 22: Get the source of the soul again!

Looking at the thousands of soul bodies, Xiao Yan couldn't help but jump in the corners of his eyes. These **** of the Demon Race are just like the Soul Race, they are completely taking advantage of other people's powerful souls to capture and swallow them as nourishment. , or as an energy provider for corpse control! Simply inhumane!

Xiao Yan waved his palm lightly, and the terrifying strong wind blew like a gust of wind. At this moment, he slowly opened his eyes and looked around weakly and blankly. He just fused with the ghost and became fat and consumed their few strengths.

Feeling that the chain that originated from the soul was broken, and finally there were waves of extremely ecstatic soul fluctuations. Although they didn't know exactly when it happened, they felt a sense of freedom. How many years? , they were locked up like prisoners in a dark space with no sunlight, and now they are locked in a shadow, and sometimes even death has become an extravagant hope...

"Let's all go, don't let the demons catch them again." Looking at these souls who were almost in tears with ecstasy and excitement, Xiao Yan also sighed softly.

In the sky, countless souls were entrenched, and in the end, they all knelt down to Xiao Yan and bowed to him, but not a single soul left, but looked at Xiao Yan silently and motionless.

Countless souls are also aware that the origin of their souls has been eroded by the demons, and it is impossible for them to return to normal after going out.

"Seniors, my Daqian world is at odds with that foreign evil clan! I hope the seniors will help me. The kid must do his best to protect the Daqian world!" Xiao Yan is not stupid either, looking at the countless soul bodies in the sky While talking silently, he bowed deeply and roared.

The countless souls in the sky first stagnated for a second, and they immediately understood that the man in front of them not only saved them, but also possessed the wonders of heaven and earth such as the Fire Spirit, and then the overwhelming sacrifice was like that!

With the plan, the tens of thousands of soul bodies in front of Xiao Yan all turned into pure forces and gathered into a light group that stayed in front of Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan frowned slightly and looked at the light group. From the light group, he felt an extremely terrifying soul fluctuation, and this fluctuation was extremely pure, without any impurities.

"This is the origin of the soul..." Xiao Yan remembered that he also captured a group when he was in the Soul Clan of the Dou Qi Continent.

"I'll show you something after you go out. It should be the secret treasure that the man in black killed the Mu family." Behind Xiao Yan, the voice of the Golden Dragon King came. He turned his head and saw that the latter was also floating from the sky. Next, I just went to the big pit left by the man in black to find something.

"The origin of the soul..." Xiao Yan muttered slowly in his mouth. Now, he naturally understands what this is, and he doesn't care what the Golden Dragon King said.

The soul is the root of all beings in the world. All things in the world have souls, and deep in the soul, there is a trace of the origin of the soul. This is the root of the birth of the soul. strange energy.

"Don't worry, I will avenge your revenge for you..."

A gentle word, but suddenly caused the soul light group to release a faint luster, vaguely, as if a lot of information was transmitted from it.

Xiao Yan silently accepted the information. There were too many strong soul origins in the soul light group, but there was no spiritual wisdom in it. Some were just some resentment left before he died completely. Waiting for emotions, these emotions, it is quite difficult to completely refine them. If they are absorbed indiscriminately, they will inevitably affect the mind.

But Xiao Yan's words just happened to quietly dispel these hidden negative emotions. This is another kind of consolation of wisdom from the origin of these souls. They were all powerhouses in their lifetimes, even if they died, Using the power at the end will make it difficult for the people who killed them. Although it seems easy to defuse them, at least the people of the Demon Race will never say this, and they also know that Xiao Yan helped them kill them. to their murderers!

"Sit down cross-legged and carefully integrate our soul origin. How far you can achieve depends on your fortune." The soul body of the sky seemed to be talking to Xiao Yan.

"Thank you, seniors!" Xiao Yan also sat down cross-legged when he heard the words, adjusting his state to absorb the purest soul power.

Xiao Yan sat cross-legged on a flat ground. In front of him, a light group about half a zhang sized lightly suspended. A soft and pure luster continued to diffuse out of it, shining on the surrounding grass blades, making the surrounding Those grasses that had been depleted instantly turned lush and green.

"The power of this soul source is really pure, but it's really hard for these seniors..." Xiao Yan murmured.

Xiao Yan stared at the soul light group, let out a sigh of relief, and immediately stretched out his palm and touched the light group. With this contact, Xiao Yan could feel the vastness that filled the soul light group. The power of the origin of the soul, the feeling of UU reading www.uukanshu.com, even if it is the power of the soul of Emperor Xiao Yan, it can't help but make the soul between his eyebrows feel extremely warm...

"Emperor realm souls are divided into four levels: entry-level, immortal level, transcendence saint level, and consummation level." The Golden Dragon King said slowly.

"Wow"

The soul light group slowly fluctuated in Xiao Yan's absorption, and bursts of crisp sounds like water splashes came from the Tianling cover, and the power of the original soul was continuously injected into Xiao Yan's soul...

Under such perfusion, a faint intoxication appeared on the face of the small figure formed by the soul above Xiao Yan's head. Under the wrapping of these original souls, he felt that his soul was like being surrounded by Infiltrating in a warm light, it feels like the fetus is in the womb.

Layers of faint strange crystal layers quietly emerged on the surface of the soul, and when you looked at it faintly, it was like a real human figure, extremely miraculous.

This is the power of the soul of the Emperor Realm! The layers of faint strange crystal layers are actually protective layers that can resist the attack of the soul, quietly appearing on the surface of the soul to protect the most vulnerable soul.

In the soul light group, there is an extremely terrifying soul source power. These source powers were only condensed from the millions of soul bodies captured by the man in black. Before such a vast soul source, even Xiao Yan, It's a tiny feeling of insignificance...

"Crash"

As more and more soul sources were absorbed by Xiao Yan, circles of invisible fluctuations, also centered on Xiao Yan, slowly spread out. It suddenly became silent, and an invisible coercion spread instantly.

"Has the collection been successful?"