Chapter Vol 4 1457: The strong gather (on)!

Time passed quietly, and in the blink of an eye, there were only three days left before the Four Continents Competition.

During these times, Xiao Yan was in his residence, carefully teaching Xiao Gui some common sense of life. As he got to know more and more deeply, Xiao Yan also discovered that in this Xiao Gui, the two powers of anger and anger were cultivated. He has a unique advantage, and after recovering his internal injuries, this guy's strength has reached the rare mid-three-star fighting immortal stage, which makes Xiao Yan feel ashamed. Even this guy has some extremely special powers in his body, even if it is Soul Eater. The Lord can't explain it.

As the time of the Four Continents competition is getting closer and closer, the entire Sifang City of Tianming Mountain Villa has also become hot, because these four continents competitions are not only related to their four continents ranking and resource allocation, but also related to entering Li Soul. Domain has an inescapable relationship. After all, only by winning the championship or performing well in the four continents competition can you be qualified to join Li Soul Domain, and once you enter Li Soul Domain, it will prove that your future achievements are limitless. It is also a scene that Yinhuntian Sizhou powerhouses desperately hope.

Sifang City, the forging knife Thunder Valley resident.

"Father, do you have something to do with me?" In a quiet courtyard, the figures of Du Qifei and Du Tianhong slowly appeared, and Du Qifei said immediately.

Since arriving here, many contestants in the Thunder Valley of Forging Swords have stayed behind closed doors, focusing on their understanding and cultivation. After all, although Dongzhou is said to be rich in energy, it is not the most fertile place in Sizhou.

"Fei'er, what's the current situation of that thing in your body?" Duo Tianhong said with a smile, but he was more or less worried. After all, the fluctuation of reincarnation is like the peak of the world, even if Xiao Yan said it. It won't affect Du Qifei, so I'm still a little worried.

"Don't worry, father, that thing is very calm now. As long as there is no life-and-death crisis, my daughter will naturally not take the initiative to touch it." Du Qifei smiled playfully after hearing this.

"That's the best way... By the way, what has Xiao Yan been doing recently? Why has he been locked out of the house all the time? Could it be that he is retreating again?" Duan Tianhong asked in the next moment.

"It should be, I haven't seen him for a long time." Duo Qifei also shook his head when he heard the words, obviously Xiao Yan has been locked out of the house, and it is not easy to disturb him.

"Okay, let's go. Tomorrow will be the day when the Four Continents Contest will be announced. The Four Continents Contest will be a prosperous world. I hope you can all gain something." Duan Tianhong said with a smile.

After finishing speaking, the two also slowly went down.

Another place, Xiyun Pavilion resident.

"asshole!"

"You actually took out the treasure of our Xiyun Pavilion for a human-ghost combination?"

"And the combination of human and ghost has been robbed by others?" In the hall, Mu Yunfei, the pavilion master of Xiyun Pavilion, scolded Mu Xi with a slap in the face. Son, I'm afraid I'll be slapped to death.

The value of the combination of human and ghost is extremely high, but the value of the quasi-immortal art of their treasures in the pavilion is also very high. Although it is precious, it is okay to exchange it. After all, if you can get some useful things from the combination of human and ghost, it is also It was enough to wipe out the loss, but now that both people and money were empty, Mu Yunfei couldn't help but be violent, and could not wait to slap Mu Xi to death.

"Father, that Xiao Yan who forged the sword Thunder Valley is very cunning, and the child is planted in his hands. This time the four continents competition, I will definitely kill him completely, and then everything will be ours." Mu Xi looked at The father, who was so angry, was immediately frightened, and hurriedly explained.

"you?"

"Only with your strength?" Mu Yunfei sneered, obviously from the second fight between Mu Xi and him, he knew that this Xiao Yan was by no means an easy-going person.

"Father, isn't there that thing in our pavilion..." Mu Xi asked.

"That thing is quite special and extremely mysterious."

"This time, I will give you that thing. If you fail in the end, then don't come back!" A cold snort suddenly emerged.

"Baby thanked my father!" Mu Xi heard the words, and immediately smiled in his heart. With that thing in their Xiyun Pavilion, let alone one Xiao Yan, even ten Xiao Yan, I am afraid they are only the souls of his own men.

West of Sifang City.

On a quiet forest pavilion, a middle-aged man sat in it quite gracefully, an elegant guqin stood slowly, and the man sat very indifferently playing the qin.

"Sect Master, are you looking for me?" At the next moment, a rather young man came slowly, and a refined and indifferent aura emerged from the man's body, revealing a weak scholar-like aura all over his body. Wearing a guqin, on the guqin, countless mysterious lines emerged, obviously not extraordinary.

"Liuyun, you have been under my door for decades, right?" The man who played the piano said softly, his voice was very indifferent, but it was filled with a special rhythm that made people uneasy. The powerhouse of the Five Star Fighting Immortals!

"Sect Master, it has been 30 years since I joined your door. Back then, the disciples' family was destroyed. Fortunately, the sect master took in and cultivated the adult Cheng Neng, so that the current scene of Liu Yun has been achieved." The man called Liu Yun smiled slowly, but Between the words, an extremely tyrannical force slowly revealed, this seemingly weak scholar turned out to be a strong man who set foot in the late Samsung Dou Xian!

"This time, the four continents competition, we Tianyin Sect will use you as the main force, and Nebula as the auxiliary, to conduct the four continents competition." The next moment, the man who played the piano opened his mouth.

"Master... Disciple He De He Neng, Senior Sister Xingyun entered the field earlier than me. I am afraid that this command will be handed over to me..." Liu Yun couldn't help being shocked when he heard the words, and declined.

"Xingyun did start earlier than you, but her temperament, coupled with the reasons she was born as a girl, doomed her to be unable to dominate the overall situation, so this time the heavy responsibility will fall on you." The middle-aged man Seriously speaking.

"But if this is the case Senior Sister Xingyun..." After a while, Liu Yun asked in doubt.

"Don't worry... I will naturally explain to her."

"This four-continent competition is an unprecedented one. There are a few tyrannical guys on the East Continent, plus the tyrannical forces on our West Continent, and even the ones on the North Continent. A few overlord-like forces, I am afraid this competition will not be so easy."

"We Tianyin Sect haven't stepped into Li Soul Realm for a long time. Whether you can enter Li Soul Realm again this time is up to you." After finishing speaking, Fuqin said with a slow smile.

"The disciple will take orders, and the master will definitely not be disappointed." Liu Yun nodded slowly when he heard the words, and then a look filled his pupils.

This Tianyin Sect, above the Western Continent, can also be regarded as a super power, with one-handed guqin and rhythm skills, no one can match, and Liu Yun and Nebula are two talented disciples under the sect.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!