Chapter 205: Summoning fighting skills, silver blue thunder wolf king!

"It seems that we have delayed for a while. There is no one on the first floor of the corpse forest. Let's go to the second floor to see." Xiao Yan also said to the two behind him. They also spent a lot of time here. No other contestants were seen, just some weak ghosts.

Although they killed some ghosts intermittently, the increase in points was very small. Now, Xiao Yan has only reached 500 points for the three of them. As for Yueru and Mu Feng, they have just exceeded 300 points. This speed is too slow, so the three of them cannot Do not change the plan.

"Let's go." Yueru and Mu Feng also agreed. Now, five days have passed since the one-month selection competition. I believe that many weak people have been eliminated, and the rest are some people with decent strength. , so I plan to go to the second floor to have a look.

On the second floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was surrounded by red flames at this time, and then raised his arrogant head to look at the two of them. Belong to its enough pride!

Yu Hui and Yu Jing looked at each other, and then, ignoring the wounds on their bodies, said to the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger indifferently: "Originally, this move was specially used to deal with Mu Yingying, since you insisted on blocking us, now I'll use you as a stepping stone first."

After speaking, the silver light on the two of them reached the limit, and then the aura of the two returned to the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di. Obviously, the silver light was due to the thunder attribute Dou Qi.

When their strength recovered to their peak, the silver light on the two of them disappeared instantly, and then at the hand veins of the two, a trace of bright red blood kept falling towards the ground.

"Tick tock."

The blood slowly flowed down the arm, slowly converging into a circle on the ground, but at this time, there was an undisguised excitement on the faces of Yu Jing and Yu Hui.

"Summon: Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King!" After the circle formed on the ground that Yu Hui looked at, an illusory energy rushed towards the circle, and he suddenly shouted loudly.

As Yu Hui's voice fell, the circle formed by the blood of the two of them burst into a monstrous storm, and then a terrifying hurricane suddenly formed!

"Hoohoho!"

Within the bright red circle within a few meters, a silver hurricane swept frantically, and then with the formation of the hurricane, a slightly larger figure also loomed in front of everyone!

"What is that..." Mu Yingying, who was standing aside, couldn't help but wrinkle her eyes slightly when she saw the behemoth in the circle. Obviously, the creatures inside made her feel a terrifying power.

"Don't worry about it, Big Tiger, or I'll give you so much fire for nothing." After speaking, he made a face at the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger not far away, looking very cute.

"Success!" Yu Hui also laughed excitedly, and there was no lack of extreme pride in his smile!

Summoning Fighting Skills!

As the name suggests, it is a fighting skill with the ability to summon. This fighting skill and seal fighting skill are the rarest, just like the flying fighting skill, but this summoning fighting skill is undoubtedly the most powerful!

The production of summoning fighting skills is quite troublesome. It needs to be guided by the blood of a summoned beast. With the addition of special means, the soul of the summoned beast is sealed in the scroll. The practitioners use the summoning beast to use the training method in the summoning scroll. The soul of the summoned beast is guided by its own blood as the body of the summoned beast, so that the summoned beast will come!

The power of the summoned fighting skill is related to the soul power of the summoned beast in the summoning scroll!

However, the range of summoning fighting skills is quite wide. As long as you have a soul and know the special production method, you can summon humans, ghosts, demons, and demons.

With the appearance of summoned beasts in the summoning circle composed of fresh blood, Yu Hui and Yu Jing also had a lot of white cheeks on their cheeks, pale and weak. Obviously, the blood power they just spent made them quite overwhelmed, but they finally succeeded, so all this It's all worth it!

The two retreated a long way, and then looked at the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger and the Silver Thunder Wolf!

The summoning circle composed of blood lasted for a while, and then disappeared without a trace.

In the summoning circle, the whistling hurricane gradually calmed down, and then a behemoth also appeared in the field of vision!

It was a giant wolf that was dozens of feet tall and nearly a hundred feet long!

With gray-white hair all over his body, majestic and powerful limbs and a tail that wobbles constantly, he looks quite domineering!

The most conspicuous thing is that there is only one eye on the forehead of this creature, and the eyes are all gray. Looking at the other eye, there is a deep scar, which is obviously the loss of one eye after being injured in battle, but since This does not affect the terrifying vision of the silver thunder wolf at all.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The giant wolf was covered in silver rays of light, staring closely at the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger in front of him. It seemed that he felt an extremely terrifying power from the flames on the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's body. fiery.

"It's such a rare summoning fighting skill, it seems that the background of these two is not small..."

"The rarity of this kind of thing is obvious to all." Tianhuo Sacred Tiger's amber pupils were also staring at Yu Jing and Yu Hui, whose breath was extremely sluggish in front of them, and muttered to themselves.

The next moment, Tianhuo Sacred Tiger's amber pupils also stared at the silver blue thunder wolf in front of him, and then shook his head slightly. It is a monster that is comparable to the peak of the human four-star Dou Emperor, and his own strength is now comparable to that of a human five-star Dou Emperor. Wearing the silver blue thunder wolf, once it has any action, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger will immediately make corresponding actions.

This is the reason why the enemy doesn't move and I don't move!

"Ow~" The silver blue thunder wolf howled deeply towards the sky, and the howling sound was huge and deep.

"This is..." The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also shrank its pupils tightly. With its knowledge, it is natural to know that wolf-like beasts can tell the level of their strength and status from the sound, and the howl of the silver blue thunder wolf. It is also the most powerful of the wolves.

This silver blue thunder wolf is very likely to be the king of wolves, the legendary silver blue thunder wolf king!

Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King, the overlord level among the wolf monsters, not only possesses terrifying strength, but its speed is even more terrifying. After all, wolf monsters are known for their speed when preying, and from the sound of howling. Zhongtian Huoshenghu knows that this is a magical beast that is comparable to a human five-star fighting emperor!

A monster of the same level as yourself!

"It's troublesome now..." Tianhuo Shenghu said in a low voice, and then his amber eyes became solemn.

On the second floor of the corpse forest, a battle is about to begin.

Ask for a ticket~