Chapter 235: Troubleshoot!

The spirit of resentment also slowly recovered a lot of wisdom, and then faced Xiao Yan's nine huge fire snake attacks, even if it was blocked by his own defense, he felt a dangerous aura from it, and he immediately roared. .

"Woohoo!" The spirit of resentment roared, and then with the roar of the spirit of resentment, in the depths of the ghost town, the evil and strange black qi also flew rapidly, and then gathered crazily under Xiao Yan's eyes. On the body of the spirit of resentment!

"Stop it, you can't absorb it like this!" The voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded in Xiao Yan's heart.

Xiao Yan moved.

"Damn beast, just born with such intelligence..." Xiao Yan thought to himself, and the next moment, the defense of the huge nine fiery snakes and the spirit of resentment shattered.

"Block!"

Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and suddenly the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on his back also shot quietly, slashing across the strange black energy that kept coming.

"Shabu Shabu!"

Under the double attack of the power of the strange fire on the ancient ruler of the eternal fire and the dragon shadow of Long Yi, the strange black gas was also suddenly cut off by a flame!

After that, the flames did not disappear, but surrounded the bottom of the ghost town well and the deep passages. The black qi was completely isolated in this way.

The spirit of resentment at the bottom of the ghost-suppressing well felt that the black qi was cut off, and roared, and the color in his eyes became deeper.

"What kind of sound is this..." Mu Feng wondered, as Xiao Yan's attack fell, a shock also spread in the ghost town.

"This breath..."

"It should be Xiao Yan!" Yue Ru's voice also increased several decibels.

"Let's speed up."

"Yeah." The two said that the speed had skyrocketed, but they kept a distance that could be contacted one after the other.

The reason why Yueru and Mu Feng were so slow was because they were careful. After all, not everyone had the terrifying soul perception ability of Xiao Yan, so they slowed down.

"What kind of fluctuation is this..." A rather delicate woman with two ponytails also stared at a place suspiciously.

"There are actually other people entering the ghost well?" Tianhuo Shenghu also muttered.

"It's actually a flame breath, it seems to be quite similar to you." Tianhuo Shenghu also felt it carefully.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying agreed casually. Although she also felt that there was some extremely terrifying flame power contained in this wave, it was also the power of flame, and Mu Yingying was no less than others. So he didn't take it to heart, and walked slowly towards the cave in front of him with small steps.

In the depths of the ghost town, with the shock of Xiao Yan's attack, the originally quiet depths of the ghost town actually had a wailing sound, which was extremely strange.

"Damn beast, just born, it will call on the ghosts in this ghost well to replenish itself, it's really cunning..." Xiao Yan also didn't know the other situation, and then stared at the spirit of resentment in front of him with a smile.

The Spirit of Resentment didn't take Xiao Yan to heart at first. After all, from the Spirit of Resentment's perception, Xiao Yan's strength was also very weak, and although he was just born, after all, this is a ghost town, and there is a steady stream of ghost qi. The energy consumption made Xiao Yan exhausted and died.

But when the spirit of resentment faced Xiao Yan's Nine Snakes attack, he had to be dignified!

The spirit of resentment knew that the man in front of him was not weak. He had obviously hidden his strength just now, and then he was shocked. He immediately used some innate skills to try to absorb the ghost qi in this ghost town to replenish himself, so as to obtain peace with Xiao The strength of fire fighting.

"Humanity…"

"Don't... be proud..." The Spirit of Resentment also said intermittently, apparently just like a human baby, it was inarticulate.

"Hahaha!"

"The spirit of resentment, since I gave birth to you, then you can go back and forth from where you came from." Xiao Yan also glared, and then the terrifying four-star Dou Emperor's initial strength was fully demonstrated.

Xiao Yan said this, naturally, it makes sense, because the blood spirit ice liquid at the bottom of this ghost town is still a crucial part of the finished product!

Then temper it!

It is tempered by the spirit of resentment born from this blood spirit ice liquid!

Only then can you become a real blood spirit ice liquid!

Otherwise, the violent aura in the blood spirit ice liquid will add to the mind when using it, which will seriously affect Xiao Yan's devouring of holy flames in the future, so Xiao Yan will definitely not let this happen.

"Just you?" The spirit of resentment was quite angry when he heard the words. It was a spirit of resentment born from the blood of countless human beings through some kind of coincidence. How can it be said that it disappears when it disappears?

Moreover, this is the ghost town, a place where ghost aura is extremely strong in the corpse forest. As long as the spirit of resentment continues to absorb the ghost energy, it will have a good strength in the future.

However, it was obvious that Xiao Yan would not give the spirit of resentment such an opportunity. After all, the strength of the spirit of resentment in front of him was only comparable to the level of a three-star fighting emperor, so Xiao Yan could handle it with ease.

"Let's solve it as soon as possible, or things will change later." The Golden Dragon King's voice also sounded, because the Golden Dragon King seemed to find that there were a lot of mourning sounds coming from the depths of the town's ghost well.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also agreed, and then activated the Fen Jue in his body, a steady stream of fighting qi gathered at the tip of the ruler, and then Xiao Yan held both hands tightly and raised it slightly to face the spirit of resentment.

"You dare!" The spirit of resentment was also fearful, and under such a terrifying attack, its fate can be imagined.

It's a pity that Xiao Yan won't give this spirit of resentment any chance. With one move, the three thousand thunderbolts were used to the extreme, and they attacked the spirit of resentment viciously!

"Puff puff!"

At the bottom of the ghost-suppressing well, I saw Xiao Yan's strange fire and ancient feet rising and falling, and then a huge wound appeared in the belly of the figure of the spirit of resentment, which was obviously caused by Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn..."

"How do you know my weakness..." The reason why the spirit of resentment didn't escape is because on the one hand it is the ghost-suppressing well where the twin ghost emperors are sealed, and on the other hand, it is also because of his self-confidence. After all, the spirit of resentment is extremely difficult. killed.

However, in Xiao Yan's eyes, all this is naturally not a problem.

Because when Xiao Yan attacked, his master Jinlong King also said that this spirit of resentment can only attack the belly, because where is the gathering point of all energy, only by breaking the face can one hit kill!

However, Xiao Yan succeeded.

The spirit of resentment had an unbelievable expression on his face, but the figure of the spirit of resentment slowly dissipated into fragments.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan was also relieved.

"Why are you standing still!"

"Collect the death shards of the spirit of resentment to refine the blood spirit ice liquid!" The Golden Dragon King also cursed, but some of his voice was full of relief.

Ask for tickets!