Chapter Vol 4 1165: Trailing Hammer Mercenaries

"City Lord, this move is inevitable..." Seeing that Death Feng and Xiao Yan hit it off, Li Qin's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and she walked over to Death Feng's ear and said softly.

As the butler of the city lord's mansion, Li Qin is naturally clear that the city lord Feng Feng's actions in the ghost king city have always been upright and disciplined. There has never been such a thing as selling intelligence and absurdity, so it is inevitable to be a little angry.

"Xiaoqin, you know, the city lord has worked hard for the Ghost King City for so long, it's time to enjoy it..." Bai He on the side said.

"But this is too..." Li Qin was obviously a little stunned, unable to speak for a while.

"Xiaoqin, you should know that the mysterious person's identity is unknown, and he also forged the identity of the alchemist. It is very likely that he is a desperado. Moreover, the whereabouts of the hammer mercenary group are quite strange, so the city owner's move is also considered. It's reasonable." Bai He smiled.

"Lord Bai, let's go, there are still some things that have not been dealt with in the auction, let's go down and have a look." The next moment, Li Qin was relieved, and immediately left here with Bai He.

"Lord Xiao Yan, take a step to speak." And watching Bai He and Li Qin go down, Dead Wind smiled at Xiao Yan.

The two slowly entered the private room.

"This private room is airtight, so don't worry, adults." As soon as he entered it, Dead Wind said.

"Let's get down to business, otherwise I'm afraid I'll miss the time." Xiao Yan said with a frown.

If a trace of ghost-faced soul flame can be exchanged for the news of the undead leaves and the whereabouts of the seal fighting skill, it will definitely be worth it.

"Don't worry, my lord."

"That undead leaf was indeed taken away by the mysterious man in the private room No. 1, but that guy also knew that he was a Xiangmomo now, so he did not leave the Ghost King City, but chose to temporarily live in the Ghost King City."

"Based on the information I got, I'm afraid I'm waiting for help." Dead Wind analyzed.

"How strong is this guy?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Although it's a bit embarrassing to say it, this guy is very strong, at least, I'm not even his opponent." Dead Wind said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Three Star Fighting Immortal?" Xiao Yan couldn't help exclaiming, if this mysterious person's strength reached the Three Star Fighting Fairy, I'm afraid it would be extremely difficult to obtain this undead leaf.

"No, although this guy's strength is quite tyrannical, he is not that kind of overwhelming power. On the contrary, it seems to be directly attacking my soul power, which catches me off guard, and I will lose to him."

"His strength should be on par with mine." Dead Wind explained.

"A two-star Douxian who is attacking the soul is a complete powerhouse..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly.

"This guy's every move is under my surveillance. If there is any trouble, I will send someone to notify you as soon as possible." Dead Wind said.

"Well, what about the hammer mercenary group?" Xiao Yan said.

"The overall strength of the Hammer Mercenary Group is not bad, but their base camp is located outside the city, so the young head of the Hammer Mercenary Group just finished the auction, and he rushed to the base camp without stopping."

"If it were someone else, I'm afraid they wouldn't be able to track him down, but our ghost king city has some secret passages, but it leads directly to the outer city."

"If the adults set out from the secret passage, he would still be able to catch up with that guy." Dead Wind said with a smile.

"That's very good." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"My lord, I have to remind you that there are not a few guys staring at the undead leaves, you are weak..." Dead Wind said with a smile.

"I know." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, but he felt amused in his heart. This move by Death Wind was undoubtedly showing his favor.

"This is the child fire of Ghost Face Soul Flame."

"It's a pleasure to cooperate." Xiao Yan slowly emerged the blue flames of Ghost Face and Soul Flame, and then directly projected it towards the wind of death.

"Huhuhu!" A trace of fire just emerged, and suddenly there were countless ghosts permeating the private room, and even the void had traces of burning traces.

"Come here, **** Lord Xiao Yan to the secret passage and catch up with the Hammer mercenary group!" And Dead Wind carefully took over the group of cyan flames exuding bright fluctuations, and after three confirmations, called directly to the rear.

"Yes!" As soon as Death Wind's voice fell, a swift figure appeared directly, and then led Xiao Yan to the secret passage.

"White Crane." As the two disappeared, Death Wind called out.

"Sir." The white crane appeared.

"You go along too."

"My old friend seems to have some tricky things on his way to Yinhun Tiandong Continent this time, so there is a lot of need for this kind of alchemist with the soul power of the third rank of the emperor. Before they arrive, we must guarantee Xiao Yan. Nothing can happen." The next moment, Dead Wind said to Bai He.

"Yes!" Bai He heard the words and immediately followed.

"Ah... the ghost face and soul, Yan Zihuo..."

"Having the Douxian Pill will allow me to break through the three-star Douxian. With the power of this fire, I can finally return to Yinhun Tiandong Continent!"

"Hahaha!" But in the quiet private room, there was laughter that was close to maddened by Death Wind.

"Is this a secret passage?" Xiao Yan followed an agile entourage directly through many alleys and came to the backyard of the auction.

This is the backyard, which is basically where the insiders of the auction live. Very few outsiders enter. In this backyard, there is a pond, and above the pond, there is a rockery, but Xiao Yan's intuition tells him that this rockery something wrong.

The next moment, the entourage jumped directly into the pond and rockery, and knocked three times on a hidden stone. Suddenly, in the rockery, a secret door was cracked open enough for people to easily pass through!

"Sir Let's go!" Seeing the dark channel appear, the entourage said something directly to Xiao Yan, and then instantly submerged in it. Xiao Yan just poured into it, but didn't stop for a while, under the leadership of the entourage , and chased away the people from the Hammer mercenary group.

"Yu Gan, what should I do now?" In the Yu family conference room, Yu Gan and the two burly men asked.

"You two, don't be impatient."

"Now that the undead leaves are taken away, our top priority is to take the undead leaves. As for the ownership of the ghost king city, as soon as the undead leaves are in hand, I will dispatch all the power of the family to take them into the bag, and then the entire ghost king will be The territory of the city belongs to the two of you." Yu Gan smiled.

"That's fine, but you have to send someone to keep an eye on the mysterious man, otherwise the capture of the undead leaves will fail, and we must accept the reward." One of the strong men snorted coldly.

"Of course, the two adults of the mad demon group, go down and rest." Yu Gan's voice just fell, and the two girls immediately pushed the door lightly and entered, and then took the two strong men to go down to rest.

"Two wastes, are you also worthy of mentioning the reward to me?"

"Help me capture the undead leaves. The ghost king city belongs to you. No one is stupid enough to do this kind of business."

"When the undead leaves are captured and the strength in the ghost king city is almost eliminated, then it will be the end of the two of you." After Yu Gan finished speaking, there was actually a vicious beast-like aura slowly exuding from his body.

This kind of fluctuation is the smell of fighting spirit!