Chapter 531: Cunning and cunning!

The power of the emperor's soul is divided into emperor-level ordinary, earth-level, and heaven-level. In the future, it will be fairyland.

Don't look at the current Xiao Yan's soul power at the peak of the emperor's mortal level, but for that emperor's realm, it is still far away!

Moreover, Xiao Yan knew that if he couldn't break through to the soul power of the emperor's realm, he would not be able to advance to the second-grade emperor's pharmacist!

I don't know if this is because of the constraints of Dou Di Continent or something...

The soul power of the emperor rank and ordinary rank corresponds to the first-grade pharmacist of the emperor rank, the soul power of the emperor rank corresponds to the second-rank pharmacist of the emperor rank, and the soul power of the emperor rank and heaven rank corresponds to the pharmacist of the third rank of the emperor rank!

"Really?" Xiao Yan said with great joy.

"I will still lie to you." Seeing this, Snake Xing made a deep voice.

"That's great!" Xiao Yan was secretly pleasantly surprised.

If this is really the place where a powerful alchemist fell, then Xiao Yan has full confidence and has the soul power of the emperor realm!

Because this is an immortal-level pharmacist, what he has learned in his life must be quite extraordinary.

"And I know the exact location of the place where the strong man sits." After Snake Punishment finished, he smiled maliciously.

"This should be the entrance to the mansion..." Xiao Yan immediately frowned upon hearing this, and then carefully looked at the lake.

"Don't look at it, this is indeed the entrance to the mansion, but without my guidance, I'm sure you'll definitely get lost!"

"The mansion of the Emperor Dou peak and the alchemist of the Immortal Rank is not so good." Snake said.

"Tell me, what do you want me to do for you?" Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and spoke directly. Obviously, the act of the snake torture must have something for Xiao Yan.

"Hey, he's a boy with good eyesight."

"I said that when I devoured the blood of the three-headed water spirit snakes, the evil spirit was suppressed by the aura of the snake spirits and the two of them, but if they didn't solve it, it would be a scourge after all." Snake Punishment said slowly. , the breath in the voice is particularly obvious.

"Senior looks down on me too much. This kid is just a kid with the strength of a five-star Dou Emperor. The evil spirit in the predecessor's body, but even you, who are as powerful as an eight-star Dou Emperor, finds it difficult. Wouldn't it be death for me to solve it?" Xiao Yan said.

Xiao Yan is not a fool either. He didn't know the three-headed water spirit snake. If he helped him because of other people's words, Xiao Yan would have died many times.

Moreover, Xiao Yan is not unable to solve this evil energy. According to Xiao Yan's estimation, as long as the tyranny of this evil energy does not exceed that of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, the Soul Eater Talisman will not refuse anyone who comes, devour it directly, and then transform it. for their own strength.

"I didn't think so at first, but the power you just released that can devour your soul is fine." Snake Punishment said seriously.

"That thing consumes too much for me."

"No." Xiao Yan directly refused.

"Haha, what a cunning boy." Seeing this, Snake Xing said helplessly.

The next moment, the hands holding the snake jade suddenly moved, and then the eyelids shook violently, as if something was hurting in the heart.

"En?" Just when the snake torture acted, Xiao Yan's whole body suddenly condensed!

Once this snake torture is done, at such a close distance, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's situation will be extremely difficult!

"Forget it, as long as you help me solve the problem of this evil spirit, I promise to take you to the mansion!"

"And I'll accompany you all the way!" Snake said slightly, his eyes fixed on Xiao Yan, looking forward to Xiao Yan's answer.

"This deal is not worthwhile, I refuse." Xiao Yan still said solemnly.

"There seems to be something good under this lake." The reason why Xiao Yan did this was all because of Long Yi's words.

Before Long Yi was alive, he was a dragon beast that was comparable to a human being at the level of fighting immortals. Although he didn't know the exact rank, but he could be compared with immortal fighting, wouldn't he be an ordinary person?

Moreover, Long Yi and the Golden Dragon King are naturally arrogant and arrogant because of their dragon clan. For many things that are precious in Xiao Yan's eyes, in others' eyes, they are just waste.

However, if Long Yi opened his mouth and said, there are good things here, then it will definitely be good things.

"Damn boy, don't go too far!" Snake Punishment shouted.

"Senior, I said that the power that devours my soul is quite a huge drain on me. If senior really wants to understand that thing, should I show sincerity?" Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Ah, it seems that there is no blood at all..." With a sigh, Snake Punishment opened his mouth slightly.

The current strength of Snake Punishment is comparable to the powerhouses in the early stage of the eight-star Dou Di of human beings. If you want to deal with the human boy, I am afraid that you will be able to capture it. If solved, I am afraid that there will be extremely serious sequelae, so the snake punishment at this time is in a dilemma.

"By the way, I can help you eliminate that evil spirit, and I can also separate the power of these two women." Xiao Yan said slowly.

As for this snake torture, although the contact was only for a while, but with the huge soul power, Xiao Yan could feel the huge evil energy in the snake torture body.

And the snake torture also has its own pride!

Ever since he devoured the blood of the three water spirits, he was first inexplicably sojourned by these two, and then he was tortured by evil spirits, which made him tortured by snake torture, although the relationship between snake torture and these two women was quite harmonious. , but the advantages of the three-headed water snake will be reflected only if the other two-headed spiritual wisdom that belongs to him is born!

Although these two women saved Snake Xing's life and suppressed the evil power in their bodies, this is not a long-term solution.

"Okay, I promise you!"

"But human you have to remember that if you lie to me, this king will die from serious injuries and will let you die here." .

"In return, I will take you to the bottom of the lake."

"There is a huge treasure at the bottom of this lake. The reason why this lake is so mysterious is because of the treasure. I have been unable to spy on its secrets for hundreds of years."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But you have to agree in advance. I was responsible for leading the way before. As for whether the final thing is successful or not, it has nothing to do with me!" Snake Punishment said with a bit of pain.

"This is the biggest concession I've made!" The next moment, Snake Punishment was also afraid that Xiao Yan would open his mouth at the lion, and continued.

"Hey, why would this junior open his mouth like a lion." Xiao Yan smiled strangely, since the goal was achieved, Xiao Yan also smiled contentedly.

"Big brother, be careful, this evil spirit is extremely tyrannical!" The snake spirit on the side suddenly remembered something, and immediately spoke.

"Don't worry, you've endured it for so many years, how can you be afraid?" Snake Xing laughed, and then handed the woman in his hand to Snake Spirit.

The next moment, the snake spirit hugged the woman in his arms, but his eyes were a little wet.

For hundreds of years, many times, my eldest brother Fu would be tortured by that **** evil aura. Now, when I meet someone who can solve the evil aura, Snake Spirit's heart can't help but warm.

Ask for tickets!