Chapter Vol 4 1036: Holy Flame Soul Seed!

"This is..." And with Mu Yingying's coquettish anger, Xiao Yan's and Ghost Face Soul Flame's eyes suddenly became extremely heavy!

Because the figure that appeared in front of the two was none other than Yan Chi who accompanied them!

"Master." The whole body was exuding the power of fiery red holy flame, and his pupils were still filled with the same blood color as the previous note pupil, and then he said respectfully to the blood demon envoy behind him.

"Yanchi, you did a good job, and it didn't cost me so much effort in you."

"Hahaha!" The Gorefiend looked at Yan Chi in front of him with such respect for him, and said slowly, his voice filled with an unprecedented arrogance.

"How is this going?"

"Sacred Flame's conversion to human beings will also be controlled by aliens?"

"Hasn't Sheng Yan always been the nemesis of foreign evil races..."

"What the **** is going on here?" When Xiao Yan saw this scene, he also knew the importance of the matter, and immediately said, because he really didn't know why this happened.

"do not know…"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As soon as this pair of brothers and sisters entered my land of holy flames, I knew that their identities were holy flames converted to human beings."

"But I didn't expect that even in this situation, it would still be controlled by the alien race."

"It seems that this Gorefiend should have some shady activities behind his back." The spirit of Ghost Face and Soul Flame's eyes became heavy.

"elder brother…"

"What's wrong with you!" In the next moment, a terrified timid voice came from not far away. As soon as the voice fell, he immediately ignored the note pupil beside him, and his figure skyrocketed, shooting at the direction where Yan Chi was located. go.

"Yingying, calm down!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's expression turned cold, and he immediately chased after him.

With Xiao Yan's perception, Xiao Yan found out that the evil aura on Yan Chi's body was heavier than Yin Tong's. If Mu Yingying rushed up like this, I'm afraid the end would be normal!

"Bang bang bang!" In the end, Xiao Yan was a step too late.

I saw Mu Yingying's figure swept away at Yan Chi, who was controlled by the Gorefiend, but Yan Chi had no emotional reaction, and the fiery red power of holy flame roared away at Mu Yingying!

"Are you crazy?" Xiao Yan flashed out directly, and with the strength of his body, he resisted Yan Chi's blow abruptly.

"Sisi." However, the fiery red power of holy flame still made Xiao Yan feel a piercing pain.

You must know that Xiao Yan's current strength has reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di. With the fusion of Huoxin Tianyan and Xiaoyi, Xiao Yan can still feel severe pain at such a level, which is enough to see that Yan Chi is a saint on his body. The horror of flame power.

"My brother..." Mu Yingying felt that she had been rescued by Xiao Yan, and then looked at her brother who was controlled by the Gorefiend while Xiao Yan was injured because of her, forcibly holding back the tears in her beautiful eyes, and said stubbornly.

Mu Yingying and Yan Chi have been relying on each other since the formation of Sheng Yan. They finally converted to human beings and separated from their brother. Now that they have just found Yan Chi, they discovered such a scene, which made Mu Yingying the only thing in her heart. Dependence becomes illusory.

"There's me." Xiao Yan also knew that Mu Yingying was at the weakest moment in her heart. She shouldn't have said anything else, she just said a weak sentence.

"Xiao Yan, I beg you to save my brother." Mu Yingying nodded lightly when she heard the words. Obviously, the situation at this time was not something she could handle. I'm afraid she could only pin all her hopes on Xiao Yan. .

"I promise you." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and then Mu Yingying's mood calmed down a little, but Xiao Yan knew that if Yan Chi really came to a critical moment of life and death, I am afraid that Mu Yingying would also ignore the danger of falling. The shot of life.

"Senior, if you and I join forces, can we take him down or suppress him temporarily?" The next moment, Xiao Yan turned his head and said to the Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit.

"I see it hard."

"Although the Gorefiend today has only half of his strength, these strengths are enough to hold me back."

"And this Yanchi's power is even more powerful because it is a holy flame person. Although I don't know why, but he is under the control of the foreign evil clan, he can still use the power of holy flame, and he is not immune to the foreign evil. The power of the clan is polluted, if I want to suppress him, I am afraid it will be extremely difficult." Ghost Face Soul Yan also shook his head and said at this time, obviously facing Yan Chi, Ghost Face Soul Yan also has no certainty of victory.

"By the way, I always feel that this guy's holy flame power is stronger than both of us. It is very likely that this guy's holy flame ranking is higher than ours."

"There is only one difference between the holy flames, and the difference is earth-shattering." The ghost-faced soul flame said.

"It's troublesome now..." Xiao Yan suddenly frowned upon hearing this. Obviously, even Xiao Yan felt helpless in the face of this kind of thing.

"Hey-hey."

"I didn't expect this Gorefiend to be so clever that he could actually find a way to control the holy flame in the vast world." The next moment, the soul-devouring talisman in Xiao Yan's body also spoke slowly.

"Senior, you know?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words. Now they have little understanding of this situation, so I am afraid they can only rely on the Soul Eater Talisman.

"I know some."

"The world is full of wonders. Naturally, there are some ignorant people trying to communicate with evil races outside the realm."

"So naturally some crooked ways were born. UU reading www.uukanshu.com"

"And the reason why this Gorefiend can control the holy flame is probably related to these people. Although I don't know the specific method, I believe that this is definitely not a long-term solution."

"Don't you have a blazing holy flame soul in your body? Now you can only try if this thing is useful." said the soul-devouring talisman.

"Sacred Flame Soul Seed?" Xiao Yan nodded immediately upon hearing the words, but at this time the Holy Flame Soul Seed turned into an extremely faint light group, hidden in Xiao Yan's soul realm, and there was no movement at all.

"The reason why the holy flame is controlled is that I am afraid that my mind has been temporarily blinded. Only by making the holy flame's soul resonate, I am afraid it will wake up its consciousness in the body." Soul Eater Talisman said.

"This is the last life-saving talisman, it must not be lost." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan!"

"Ghost face and soul inflammation, let you see my most proud works of thousands of years."

"Yanchi, kill them for me!" After a while, the Gorefiend on the other side let out an extremely crazy laugh.

"It's... my master." Yan Chi, who was motionless at first, heard the Gorefiend say so, his pupils trembled slightly, and an indescribable wave of hot fire slowly radiated from his body.

"This is the real power of holy flame." Xiao Yan and the others below looked very vigilant at this time, because they knew that what Yanchi used at this time was the most primitive power of holy flame. !