Chapter Vol 2 800: Astrology Valley Girl

"Bang Bang Bang!" The purple bamboo forest was in the air, and as the dazzling flame storm slowly dissipated, a figure also appeared in everyone's pupils.

"This guy is really terrifying. He didn't fall even after receiving such a terrifying blow from Xiao Yan." Xiu Qi looked at Xu Guang, who was slowly falling from the sky like a dead dog, and said immediately.

At this time, Xu Guang's silver clothes were obviously burnt and tattered, and even his body had some very obvious burn scars. These scars were clearly caused by the fire lotus that Xiao Yan had just attacked!

Perhaps because of Di Yan's terrifying destructive power, the corners of Xu Guang's mouth shivered.

And at the last moment of being attacked by the soul power, Xiu Qi guessed that Xu Guang must have used something powerful, otherwise he would definitely fall under the soul power and the powerful fire lotus.

"asshole!"

"Damn bastard!"

"I have written down this hatred, and I will make you pay it back in a thousand times in the future!" Xu Guang's voice was extremely resentful. With his severely injured body, he stared at Xiao Yan fiercely, and said without a word.

He never imagined that this mere six-star Dou Emperor consummate powerhouse in front of him would almost let him fall here forever!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, in the future, you should wait for the assassination of our Ming sect's darkness!" After Xu Guang finished speaking, a strange silver light flashed all over his body, and then the space in front of him suddenly trembled strangely, and then Xu Guang's figure disappeared directly. Among them, and then disappeared!

"Stop chasing, this is a high-level space scroll, and the cost is quite expensive."

"But it seems that the grievance between you and Mingjiao is forged."

"Xu Guang's status in the Ming Cult is not low."

"The Ming Cult is a powerful sect that focuses on assassination. You will have a good life in the future." Seeing Xiao Yan wanted to catch up, Xiu Qi spoke immediately.

"Let's take one step at a time." Xiao Yan shook his head.

If he had just added the power of life to the fire lotus, he would probably be able to kill Xu Guang directly. It seems that the matter of the power of life should be resolved as soon as possible.

"Are you all right?" After Xu Guang's affair was over, Xiao Yan asked Qinxin and Mu Yingying.

"It's alright, thank you just now." Qin Xin answered very cheerfully.

Facing the hidden weapon of Xu Guang's entourage just now, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's appearance, I'm afraid she and Mu Yingying would be extremely passive, and might even be injured.

"The matter of Zizhulin has been resolved?" After a while, Xiu Qi leaned up slightly and asked Xiao Yan.

"solved."

"Moreover, the road to Moonlight Island is not limited to this one. I think there should be a lot of powerhouses gathered in Moonlight Island." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Where are we going next?" Leng Fuyao was looking forward to it, since Xiao Yan was here, she seemed to be a little witch who was not afraid of anything.

"Now, go to Life and Death Eryi Spring first." Xiao Yan said.

"Life and Death Eryi Spring, this is a good place." Qin Xin and Xiu Qi were shocked when they heard the words, obviously both of them knew the strangeness of this place.

Although the others were puzzled, they did not ask questions. After all, they knew that Xiao Yan would not lie to them.

"Yep."

"Let's go, the matter in the Purple Bamboo Forest is over, now go to the Eryi Spring of Life and Death." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he led the crowd towards the Purple Bamboo Forest.

With the disappearance of the hated old monster, the Zizhu Forest suddenly became calm, and everyone easily passed through the Zizhu Forest and headed towards the Spring of Life and Death.

However, as Xiao Yan and his group walked, the Moonlight Island suddenly became lively.

Except for Xiao Yan and his party, others also entered Moonlight Island from the various entrances of Moonlight Island. As for the rumored Equal Spring of Life and Death, it was rumored to be known all over the island.

"Hey, have you heard?"

"The island we are on is called Moonlight Island, and it is said to have many treasures."

"And the other two islands, one named Yutu Island and the other named Guanghan Island, actually seem to have the existence of fighting spirits..." Behind a rock, some disciples who entered the ruins said slowly.

"Hey, the news you know is out of date."

"Would you like to know more exciting news?" In the crowd, a dark-looking man laughed.

"What's the most exciting news?" Following the dark man's exit, the surroundings suddenly quieted down, obviously all looking at him with envy.

"Hey, it is said that there are some strange places on Moonlight Island, I don't know if you all know about it." The dark man said indifferently.

"What's so strange?" Hearing the dark-skinned man say this, the crowd immediately became restless, and it was obvious that some clues could be heard from the dark-skinned man's words.

"Miss, this time we have to show the ruins well, otherwise, if we return to the valley in the future, we will inevitably be scolded by the owner of the valley." Outside the crowd, a girl floated her head and said to a woman beside her.

"Let's see the situation. When entering the ruins, the master watched the sky at night. It seems that the ruins will not be very peaceful this time." The girl was indifferent, without the smile of the attendants.

However, the girl is wearing a roe deer with a mysterious star pattern, which looks quite mysterious.

"I don't know what the crowd is discussing, but it's so lively, miss."

"Let's go and have a look." The maid just finished speaking, and immediately pulled her master towards the crowd.

"It is said that in Moonlight Island, there are some treasures of Fengshui, and this treasure of Fengshui is called the Spring of Life and Death by us humans." The dark-skinned man opened his mouth slightly after seeing everyone's expectant gazes.

"Life and death two Yiquan?"

"I'll be darling!"

"How could there be such a thing in this ruins..."

"Is it really the Spring of Life and Death?" Miscellaneous words from the crowd kept ringing.

"Life and Death Eryiquan?" The smiling maid heard the words and immediately looked at her master, as if she had heard the name from her master many times.

"It's actually the Spring of Life and Death..."

"I didn't expect to encounter such a strange place in this ruin." The girl opened her mouth slightly, her voice full of obsession.

"I don't know, Your Excellency, where is this life and death Eryiquan now?" The girl took a step forward and asked the dark man just now.

"Haha, now there are a lot of strong people watching outside the Yiquan of Life and Death. It seems that something is blocking it, so no one enters it for a long time."

"Well, where is it." After the dark man finished speaking, he directly pointed the girl in the right direction.

"Thank you!" The girl was shocked when she saw this, because she sensed in the direction of the dark man's direction, and she did have some taste of life and death.

"Xiaobi, let's go!" The girl murmured immediately, and then walked in the direction pointed by the dark man just now.

"Hey, miss, wait for me." After that, the girl and the maid instantly got up and ran towards the spring of life and death.

But just after the two women left, the dark-skinned man murmured, "Why do these two look familiar?"

"One star after another..."

"Could it be someone from the Valley of Astrology..."

After the man finished speaking, he was extremely shocked!

Ask for tickets! There will be more