Chapter Vol 4 915: Burning Tian shot!

"The Holy Flame Fire on this guy is too strong!" Ling Meng was born outside the formation, and also felt a sense of fear from the Heavenly Chain Dragon Formation, which was so powerful that it could trap the fighting immortals!

Although Zhu Jin's current strength is only at the half-immortal level, but he has truly stepped into the immortal-level battle formation division, and I am afraid that he will also have the power to fight against some strong people in the early stage of the one-star battle of immortals.

It's just that it's still a bit reluctant for Xuan Xin, who has the Holy Flame Fire and is in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal.

In the formation, Xuan Xin's pupils shone brightly with fiery red flame fluctuations, and above the silver robe, an extremely hot fluctuation also slowly radiated.

On the other hand, Zhu Jin twitched the huge thunder power in the formation and injected it into his body, because he also knew that this profound heart might decide the outcome with one move!

"Holy Flame Fire, Wuxiangzhu!" Xuan Xin was too lazy to talk nonsense with Zhu Jin, her pupils shrank tightly, and at the same time, the Holy Flame Hidden Fire within her body was instantly exposed in front of everyone!

A fiery red flame slowly rose from Xuanxin's body, and with the appearance of this flame, the entire space suddenly felt a heavy feeling, as if it had collapsed!

Under Xuan Xin's shout, the fiery red flame instantly turned into a red bead no more than the size of a dragon's eye.

The red beads seem to be small, but the energy contained in them may be able to kill the real fighting immortals!

"Crash!" With Xuan Xin's attack, the Dragon Lock Formation became chaotic that day, as if it would shatter at any time.

"Fighting immortals are really not half immortals, but they are comparable."

"But I still want to give it a try."

"If it's successful, then I can really step into that realm, and even if it doesn't work, there's still that old guy Fen Tian." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, his pupils also became crazy, and then without waiting for Xuan Xin's attack to launch, he immediately urged Initiating the power of life and death in his body, adding the power of silver thunder, and with the aid of the increase of the formation, for a while, Zhu Jin's breath even vaguely touched the real level of fighting immortals.

"Go!"

"No Phase Beads!"

"Burning!" After Xuan Xin prepared his attack, he spoke slowly, and his voice contained extremely crazy confidence!

Because Xuanxin knew clearly, although the Xuanling Royal Family did not successfully find a way to swallow Yanchi, they also found other ways to take away some of the holy flame power in Yanchi's body, which is the current Shengyanzihuo.

"Heavenly Lock Dragon Formation!" And Zhu Jin looked at the fire-red bead that slowly rose from the formation's ground Xuanxin, and a smell of death slowly emerged from it, but Zhu Jin didn't mean to be afraid at all. With a confident smile, he raised his head to the sky and let out a long roar. Suddenly, all the power in the entire formation rushed towards Zhu Jin, and then in front of everyone's eyes, the power of life and death in Zhu Jin's body and the silver thunder gathered in the formation. The power of energies fused together, and the speed was extremely fast. In a short period of time, it turned into a silver dragon with a length of more than tens of meters!

Above the silver dragon, the power of thunder surrounds it, which is quite terrifying, and in that pupil, one black, one white and two mysterious energies surround it, which is clearly the power of life and death!

"Boom boom boom!" The silver dragon just appeared, and the formation was instantly shattered, but at this time Zhu Jin couldn't care about it so much, and roared away directly at the phaseless bead of his profound heart!

"Tianlong!"

"Break it for me!" Zhu Jin's pupils were bloodshot, and then he controlled the destructive dragon that formed around him.

It can be seen that Zhu Jin spent a lot of energy in order to perform this blow.

As soon as the words fell, the power of thunder around the silver dragon continued to flicker, as if it was provoked, and the power of life and death in the pupils suddenly emerged, and then under the surprised eyes of everyone, he directly opened his huge mouth. , the speed suddenly increased to the limit, and the attack against Xuan Xin was swept away.

"The mere power of life and death also wants to fight with my holy flame power?"

"You're just looking for a dead end!" Seeing this scene, Xuan Xin's mouth naturally filled with mockery!

My own Saint Yanzihuo is the most powerful among the Xuanling royal family who took it from Yanchi, so Xuanxin has self-confidence.

"Old Zhu, what are you doing..." The group of people who had been hiding in the hidden place on the seventh floor of the underground palace couldn't help being surprised when they saw the two of them.

"It seems that although Lao Zhu's strength has not completely reached the level of Dou Xian, he will not easily admit defeat because of his reputation as the first Dou Xian in Xuantian." Qing Lao seemed to be aware of it, and immediately spoke.

"I don't think so."

"Although Banxian is very close to Douxian, there is still a big gap between the two. In my opinion, Zhu Lao is doing this because he wants to use Xuanxin as his stepping stone. After all, there is only a real life-and-death battle. Only then can a person's potential be stimulated." Tian Lao on the side had sleepy eyes, as if he could see through Zhu Jin's thoughts.

"Tian Lao, you mean..." At this time, Ling Mengsheng, who was holding Xuan Muqing in his arms, couldn't help feeling, and then nodded slightly.

"Break and then stand." Tian Lao said softly, and then there was no further text.

"It seems that Zhu Jin is planning to sink the boat." When Qing Lao heard the words, he naturally knew something, so he stopped talking.

And as everyone's discussion had just ended, the battle in the sky was drawing to a close.

"Boom boom boom!" The silver dragon opened its huge mouth, trying to swallow the flame bead into its body, and use the power of life and death and the power of the silver thunder of the formation to resolve it!

However, it is obvious that this Saint Yanzi Fire is displayed in the hands of a real Fighting Immortal powerhouse, and that kind of power is not something that ordinary people can resist.

"Hula-la!" The flame bead and the silver dragon just touched, and a fierce spark erupted in mid-air Even the entire dark void was illuminated extremely brightly!

The silver dragon opened its huge mouth and seemed to devour the flame-red beads, but surprisingly, no matter how Bamboo Ash motivated his power of life and death, or even the power of silver thunder, the flame-red beads remained indifferent, and as time passed, As time went on, the aura of the silver dragon stalemate in mid-air suddenly weakened, but looking at the fiery red beads, it was full of aura!

"This time, it's time to end." After Xuan Xin finished speaking, there was a hint of killing in the corner of his mouth, and before Zhu Jin could react, Ku Lao's palm suddenly clenched!

And with Xuan Xin's move, the fiery red beads in the air suddenly exploded, and an indescribable wave of fiery fire swept out instantly!

"Crash!" And Zhu Jin was at the center of the attack at this time, so I'm afraid it's bad luck.

However, no matter how hot the fire wave was, when it touched the black river on the seventh floor of the underground palace, there was a sound of extinguishing. Obviously, the black river was also extremely mysterious.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Mysterious heart is broken."

"It seems that this time, your life, I Fentian has taken over." And just when Xuanxin felt arrogant that he was victorious, the scorching fire at the center of the explosion turned out to be at a speed that was visible to the naked eye. Disappeared, and at the center of the explosion, two figures slowly appeared.

"Fen Tian..." And Xuan Xin looked up, her pupils shrank rapidly, and a figure that was so familiar that she could no longer be familiar slowly appeared in her line of sight.