Chapter Vol 4 1223: Handle

"What kind of power is this, it's so strong..." Xiao Yan suddenly took away the protection of his soul, and the pain of Yu Yifeng and Thunder Snake aggravated a bit, but after seeing Liu Qing chanting some incantations, it was like a The saintess bathed in the element of light, the two couldn't help exclaiming.

"Sisi!" The second eye, full of demonic yellow color, suddenly became restless when he saw the changes in Liu Qing's body, and the piercing torture of the soul broke out, trying to resist Liu Qing's fighting skills.

"Huang Quantian's wrath!" Seeing the tyrannical soul fluctuations coming, Xiao Yan was not stingy, directly condensing the dazzling soul power, and then unleashing a soul attack, breaking the terrifying attack in an instant.

Xiao Yan's soul power is indeed not as tyrannical as this second eye, but if he wants to protect a person, I am afraid that second eye can not stop him.

"This girl is probably a genius in the Holy See. She can master fighting skills of this level at such a young age. She is really talented."

"Such an excellent disciple, he just doesn't know who his master is, the Holy See red-clothed archbishop or the high priest...or even the Pope?" Soul Eater couldn't help but exclaimed.

Obviously, a high-level fighting skill like "borrowing the spirit" requires not only identity and talent, but also a high status in the Holy See to have the opportunity to contact.

"Senior, what is this..." Xiao Yan saw Liu Qing's aura in front of him becoming more and more terrifying, and couldn't help but open his mouth slightly.

Liu Qing's strength is probably only in the late stage of the one-star Dou Xian or the perfect one-star Dou Xian, but after using that special "borrowing spirit", his strength has faintly broken through the three-star Dou Xian?

Even if it is the secret method to increase strength, I am afraid that Xiao Yan has never heard of it, which can make people close to the strength of the skyrocketing two ranks.

"This is a special method, it can also be said to be fighting skills, because the Holy See is the most devout believer of the angel family. This kind of borrowing is nothing more than using the power of some angels to strengthen themselves."

"Don't look at Nizi is very tyrannical now, but this level of borrowing spirit is only the lowest level in the Holy See, using borrowed spirits can temporarily improve one's strength, while the highest level borrowed spirits can directly Summons angels to fight."

"But even at the lowest level, if you want to obtain the qualifications for cultivation, only the real high-level people in the Holy See can do it, so the identity of this girl is not small." The Lord of Soul Eater said in surprise.

"So it is." Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words, but he still found that every time Lord Soul Eater spoke of the angel family, he was full of respect, but he was full of hostility towards the Holy See.

"I was fortunate enough to play against the Pope of their Holy See. I have seen the borrowing spirit that he displayed, and he actually summoned the angels to fight together." The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help but said.

"Who won that battle?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

"It's a tie."

"The Soul Eater Talisman was originally my thing. At the beginning, I had the Soul Eater Talisman on my body. Although the Pope summoned the angels to fight together, I was able to mobilize all the power of the Soul Eater Talisman, and luckily cracked it, thus forming a tie. "

"However, the strength of their Holy See Pope is really strong. After so many years, I don't know if I have touched that level..." After the Lord of Soul Eater finished speaking, he calmed down.

"These guys are really terrifying." Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words, obviously he could vaguely guess that the Soul Eater and the Holy See Pope were probably close to their peak.

"Xiao Yan, it's alright." The next moment, seeing Xiao Yan's excessive use of his soul power, Liu Qing also spoke slightly.

"How sure are you?" Xiao Yan asked slightly, looking at Liu Qing, who was bathed in a milky white and gentle halo.

"I used some means to temporarily improve my existing strength and control over the light system."

"But I only have the power of one blow. If I hit it completely, the possibility of obliterating it is as high as 90%!"

"But if it was dodged by it, I'm afraid..." Liu Qing spoke slowly like a saint of light. Obviously, even if he used such a tyrannical method, he was quite afraid of this guy.

"You are optimistic about the timing, I will create the opportunity for you!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then his soul power suddenly returned to his body, ready to launch an attack from the second eye.

"Thunder Snake, you protect Miss Liu Qing, Xiao Yan, I'll go with you!" Yu Yifeng and Lei Snake also looked at each other, they knew that this was not the time to back down.

"Zizi!" Thunder Snake heard the words, silver thunder flashing all over his body, forming a lightning electromagnetic field around him and Liu Qing. With the protection of this lightning electromagnetic field, the second purpose of soul torture was also weakened a lot.

"Feng Qianren!" Yu Yifeng's figure exploded directly, and then a wind blade formed by a hurricane in his hand suddenly formed, and then smashed it towards the second eye.

"Crash!" The cyan wind blade was obviously formed by the condensed force of Jade Legacy Wind, which turned out to be a slight crack in the space.

"Pfft." The second yellow pupil didn't seem to have any defenses, trying to easily take over this attack from Jade Legacy.

"Humph."

"Dare to take my attack like this, fall!" With such a tyrannical blow, Yu Yifeng's fighting qi also became disordered. Obviously, this attack consumed a lot of his fighting qi.

"No, this second eye ignores all physical attacks." On the side, Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, obviously he already knew the ending without looking at it.

"Gulu." Unsurprisingly, Yu Yifeng's seemingly tyrannical attack was enough to destroy everything. When it touched the yellow pupil of the second eye, it pierced through it abruptly, and then disappeared into this boundless world!

"How is that possible!" After realizing this scene Yu Yifeng's face, he couldn't help but look ugly.

"You should still look at Liu Qing, this guy, I can only come." Xiao Yan sighed helplessly, then his eyes became deep again, and the majestic fighting spirit suddenly emerged.

"Shabu Shabu!" The second yellow pupil has appeared for a while, and it also found out that among the four, only Xiao Yan and Liu Qing were dangerous to it, and Liu Qing was protected by the two at this time. The only way to do it is to obliterate Xiao Yan first.

"Crash!" The yellow pupil of the second eye is indeed the soul power of the fairyland level, its pupil shrank tightly and launched an attack directly at Xiao Yan.

"A space **** based on soul power, this thing is of no use to me!"

"Huangquan refers to!"

"Huangquan Palm!"

"Huangquan's anger!" A series of fighting skills were directly brought by Xiao Yan, and then the soul power that imprisoned Xiao Yan's surroundings dissipated in an instant.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's not over yet..." He easily blocked the first round of the second purpose attack. Xiao Yan didn't have any intention of stopping. His pupils shrank suddenly, his figure moved at a high speed, and the dazzling soul power appeared directly in his body. Go up, shoot at the location of the second eye!

Looking at his appearance, he clearly wanted to compete with him!

"Xiao Yan, this time it's life or death, it's up to you." And Liu Qing also held her jade hand tightly, looking at Xiao Yan with some expectation.