Chapter Vol 4 1260: 1 point difference!

"Susu...you lunatic!" Until this moment, a trace of fear appeared in the scarlet pupils of the Yin Protector.

Sheng Yan has an extremely tyrannical restraint on them. Just one flower, Xiao Yan can make the Yin Protector pay attention, but this guy actually has three flowers on his body!

With all these things, the Yin Protector had to be vigilant, because the direct gap in strength has been completely made up by the three holy flames.

What is holy flame?

This is the representative of the limit of fire attribute power in the entire Great Thousand World. If a human being gets only one flower, he is afraid that he has a great magical power. This Xiao Yan actually has three flowers, which is incredible!

The Yin Protector slowly looked at Xiao Yan, and found that Xiao Yan's face was pale at this time, and his breath was very weak, but there was a sense of relief on his face!

In the end, the Yin Protector's gaze stayed on the abbot in Xiao Yan's hand, which was only about the size of a zhang, and was filled with flames of yellow, blue, blue and gray!

In the sacred flame space, Xiao Yan stood high in the sky, and his breath was very weak, but on his palm, a four-color fire lotus with a size of about a zhang emerged gently. buffer overflow.

"How could a guy in the early stage of the two-star fighting immortal stage perform such a terrifying attack?"

"And the ghost face and soul flame is actually on him..." When the Yin Protector's gaze was taken back from Xiao Yan's body, he couldn't help roaring in his heart.

However, the Yin Protector did not stop his movements, because Xiao Yan's four-color fire lotus gave him a very heavy breath, so the dazzling black smoke fell directly from his body, and then just a breath In time, those black mists formed a black tornado with a size of several hundred meters, tightly wrapping the shadow of the protector!

"Huhu."

"The fusion of three and a half colors of holy flame is really laborious...but its power is probably unexpected." Xiao Yan looked at the Yin Protector who looked gloomy and uncertain as if he was facing a great enemy, and couldn't help but smile.

Although the fire lotus at this time is four colors, in Xiao Yan's heart, it is only regarded as three and a half colors. After all, the other three colors are the origin of the holy flame, and this last flame is only the holy flame fire. The power will naturally drop a lot.

"Boy, you are courting death!" The Yin Protector whose figure was wrapped in a black tornado sneered a few hundred meters away, and then a gust of wind suddenly formed around him and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"Weng Om!" When those gusts of wind were about to hit Xiao Yan, the place where the fire lotus was located actually produced an extremely strong spatial distortion, which instantly engulfed the gust of wind.

"Just let me have a look!"

"Is it my holy flame fusion powerful, or your yin protector powerful!" Xiao Yan burst into laughter, and then he didn't hold back at all.

"Go!" Xiao Yan flicked his fingers, and suddenly the four-color fire lotus burst into a dazzling light, like a dazzling sun, hanging in the sky, and finally, driven by almost all of Xiao Yan's fighting qi and soul power, turned into a dazzling light. A beam of death, lightning-like whizzed away at the guardian of the shadows.

The four-color flame is in the holy flame space, and it seems that the two are related, so when the four-color fire lotus pierced the space and attacked the yin protector, it did not bring any energy along the way. ripple.

"This lunatic... If it falls into my hands this time, it's okay to say..."

"If he grows up, I am afraid that sooner or later it will destroy our soul clan plan!"

"Not to mention that he is still a member of the Xiao Clan!"

"Must be killed!" The Yin Protector said solemnly.

"Huhu." The four-color fire lotus quietly cut through the space and slowly came within a few feet of the Yin Protector.

The four-color fire lotus is only the size of a palm, and its volume is not proportional to the hundred-zhang black tornado that envelopes the yin guardian, but the energy contained in it makes the yin guardian's scalp numb.

"asshole!"

"I still underestimate the power of the three holy flames!"

"Blood sacrifice, protect me!" The yin guard was also afraid that he would fall directly into Xiao Yan's blow, and then a silver bag appeared directly, and it was suddenly crushed. , was finally captured by the Yin Protector, turned into a blood-colored shackle under the refining of the black mist, and under the protection of the black tornado, a blood-colored shackle was formed on his body!

Double protection!

As long as he can resist the attack of the four-colored fire lotus, then Xiao Yan will be able to capture it. At that time, the soul of the fairyland, the soul of the battle, and even the three holy flames will all be his yin protector!

"Break me!" The four-color fire lotus was extremely fast, and after taking a few breaths, it came to the inside of the black tornado, and then a dangerous arc appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and an extremely indifferent voice filled the entire holy Flame space!

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's figure just fell, and the four-color fire lotus, under the watchful eye of the yin protector, completely disintegrated in the black tornado!

At that time, a fireworks filled with four colors suddenly swept out in the black tornado, and a sound that was enough to shatter the soul suddenly radiated out.

"Crash!" The four-color fireworks are like the light of the world, with deafening explosions and all-destroying flames, quickly devouring the black tornado!

The black tornado that was so tyrannical just now was also devoured by the four-color fireworks, and it was losing ground!

"Ah, ah, ah!" The Yin Protector was affected by the close-range explosion, and couldn't help but let out a heart-piercing roar!

"It's time to end!" Xiao Yan forcibly endured the nearly depleted vindictive energy and soul power, forcibly controlled the four-color fireworks, and attacked the blood-colored shackles of the Yin Protector.

"Boom!" The black tornado didn't last long before it completely fell into the four-color fireworks, and the next moment, the flame energy of the four-color fireworks came to the shackles of the yin protector.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Destroy it to me!" Xiao Yan couldn't help shouting when he saw that the blood-colored shackle composed of the soul body actually resisted the energy of the four-color fireworks.

"Crash!" Following Xiao's ~ blood-colored shackles on the body of the Yin Protector, it suddenly exploded under the destructive power and high temperature of the four-color fireworks!

"Wong buzzing!"

"Little chops!"

"You really surprised me. This time Yuanyuan was injured. I'm afraid it will be difficult to improve in strength in the future, but it's over..."

"Everything about you is mine!"

"Susu!" Hit by such a terrifying attack, the black smoke outside the body of the Yin Protector instantly dissipated, and even the blood-colored shackles formed at the expense of countless soul bodies were instantly destroyed by four-color fireworks, but at the last moment, The Yin Protector used all his means to completely dissipate the fireworks of the four, and then turned into a rather illusory soul body, roaring at Xiao Yan.

"Sure enough... it's still a little short." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his body was sluggish, and he fell directly from the high altitude of the holy flame to the ground.

The fusion of three-and-a-half-color holy flames is only a little short of being able to completely obliterate the perfect Yin Protector of the Three Star Fighting Immortals!

If you have four holy flames, I am afraid that this yin protector will fall under the attack just now.

"Hey, you've done a great job, I'll clean up the mess for you next." Just when Xiao Yan felt the top-heavy feeling about to fall asleep, an extremely gentle force within his body was slowly nourishing Xiao Yan. The body that is close to withering.

And with the appearance of this voice, a look of horror emerged from the yin guardian's crazy smile!

. steal incense