Chapter Vol 4 1608: Irene's fighting spirit power!

"This guy... Could it be that he has some confidence?" Seeing Xiao Yan motionless, a trace of doubt appeared on Irene's pretty face. Obviously, Xiao Yan's calm appearance was definitely not accidental.

"The sky... four fingers!"

"A hole in the sky!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and a very strong dazzling light beam suddenly diffused out from his fingertips, and immediately shot directly at the toad with a terrifying aura.

"Boom!" The four fingers of the sky, the four fingers of this fighting technique are all at once, and its power is enough to resist some four-star fighting immortals. Xiao Yan's attack has just let go, and the world will be filled with extremely strong anxiety.

"What a tyrannical fluctuation..." Outside the arena, Wen Yi muttered to herself when she saw Xiao Yan's tactics. Obviously, Wen Yi naturally knew that Xiao Yan's ability to defeat Ling Yu was no accident.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, the bright finger light came directly to the huge toad, and immediately swiped across the toad's body with ease, and suddenly burst into Irene with a shocking fluctuation.

"Sure enough..." Irene looked at Xiao Yan's water attribute toad creature that easily defeated her with such a finger, and there was a smile on the corner of her mouth.

"Water fills the sky!" A cold snort slowly emerged from Irene's mouth, so under the void where the two stood, in the huge river, countless waters trembled, facing Irene like a elf. Gathered away, and after a while, a huge water curtain with a size of 100 meters directly protected Irene's body.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's dazzling fingers attacked the water curtain, but it was not as terrifying and destructive as he had imagined, and it was as if he had hit a piece of cotton, but it was bounced off by it.

"This guy..." Seeing that such a tyrannical blow had achieved little effect, Xiao Yan frowned. Obviously, this Irene is not a vase. The analysis is even more terrifying. This kind of opponent is a formidable opponent.

"Time is running out, so I won't play with your Excellency... If you have any offense, please ask Haihan!" Xiao Yan's eyes became hot, and circles of fiery red flames suddenly emerged from his body.

Fire Element Great Celestial Seed, Feiyan!

"Big Heaven Seed... In fact, you can use the power of holy flame. I want to see whether your holy flame is more powerful, or my nameless water is better." Seeing Xiao Yan's body burning hot The flame breath, Irene smiled lightly, but the pride in her voice was not concealed at all.

"Since I promised to make a promise, then I naturally won't break my promise..."

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the flames around him suddenly became violent, and immediately directly above the ocean in the battle area, completely vented into a sea of ​​fire.

"What a terrifying Great Seed, the power of this flame is quite strange..." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Irene also knew that Xiao Yan was not testing, and began to use all her strength, but did not dare to take it lightly, and immediately around her body, a swipe Light blue water waves emerged, and after a while, Irene's figure also disappeared into the void.

"Where did you go?" Realizing that Irene suddenly disappeared from his field of vision, Xiao Yan used his soul power to try to probe the location, but it was a strange discovery. Even with his own soul power, he could not find Irene. position, so you can only glance at it and be vigilant at any time.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Lin'er's water-attribute power is really getting stronger. If things go on like this, I'm afraid it won't be long before you will truly sense the existence of the realm, and then the power of our underground courtyard will be on a level..."

"Headmaster Ai, it's really gratifying to congratulate." Ling Yuanzi, who was outside the field, couldn't help laughing while watching the scene in the battle.

"Underwater!" After a while, Xiao Yan stared at the huge ocean below. At this time, huge bubbles suddenly emerged from the water surface. Yan even smelled some rather strange breath.

"Boom!" The sky was already completely surrounded by the power of Xiao Yan's flames. Not long after that, countless water currents emerged under the blue ocean, and suddenly formed a shocking water column, which immediately emerged from the water.

"This is... Fighting Soul?" In an instant, with the appearance of these water jets, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed, and he lost his voice.

A huge creature like a real dragon, containing a violent aura, slowly stared at Xiao Yan. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"bingo!"

"Mingshui Youjiao..."

"Mingshui Prison!" Before Xiao Yan's shock dissipated, a beautiful voice emerged from the center of the water column.

"Crash!" A piece of gray water appeared, and it instantly turned into a circular cage. With an unstoppable momentum, it blasted towards Xiao Yan.

"Mingshui Youjiao... This is a fighting spirit that is comparable to the heavenly level..." Seeing this behemoth appear, Xiao Yan's heart surged in shock.

The power of the fighting spirit is only a little weaker than that of the realm, and the essential difference between the four-star fighting immortal and the five-star fighting immortal is the presence or absence of the realm. Therefore, most of the powerhouses here are painstakingly comprehending the cultivation realm, and soon few people return. Find and conquer the fighting spirit.

However, Xiao Yan knew that the fighting spirit did not conflict with the domain. If he had a tyrannical fighting spirit and the power of the domain, he would probably be able to fight beyond the ranks. Moreover, Xiao Yan's current undead ghost was seriously injured and could not be in a short period of time. use.

"Crash!" There was a rush of water, Xiao Yan wanted to escape, but it was too late. Suddenly, he was directly imprisoned.

"My dark water cage will continue to corrode the vindictiveness of the prisoners In the time of a stick of incense, the vindictiveness in your body will be eaten up..."

"So, use the holy flame, I just want to see the power of the holy flame." Bound Xiao Yan, Irene sat playfully on the head of Mingshui Youjiao and said.

"Whoosh..."

"Spirit Devouring Blood Monument!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils became hideous, and a tyrannical wave was born.

"Give it up... it's useless." Irene shook her head, not knowing why Xiao Yan did such useless work.

His own strength is in the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. With this Heavenly Grade Fighting Spirit, Xiao Yan, who was in the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, would not have the slightest chance of winning.

"Don't be too happy." Xiao Yan didn't take it seriously. Dozens of huge blood tablets appeared, and they immediately collided with the fiery red flames above Wang Yang.

"Boom!" The Spirit Devouring Blood Monument contained a rather **** aura, and it was extremely powerful. It directly collided with the Great Heavenly Seed, and immediately circles of blood-colored ripples, like a tide, suddenly spread out from the void. Open, that terrifying energy fluctuation, even if it is as strong as Irene, can't help but tremble.

"I said, you have no chance!"

"Netherworld Heavenly Water!" With a cold snort, the light above Irene's body suddenly flourished, and then slowly poured into the fighting spirit beside Dao, so a fatal wave was slowly born.

"Eye of Gaze!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled coldly.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Irene made a mistake, and the fighting skills were interrupted by Xiao Yan.

"Offended... You Mingtian is stunned!"

"Four fingers in the sky!" Xiao Yan opened his mouth.

And as Irene's fighting skills were suddenly interrupted by Xiao Yan, plus Xiao Yan's series of attacks, Irene was actually defeated by Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack.