Chapter Vol 4 989: 5th grade blood curse!

"That is……"

"The fifth-level blood curse?" And Xiao Yan saw the evil blood curse on Tianxing's eyebrows for the first time, his eyes couldn't help darkening, and even the holy flame in the body exuded an aura of disgust, secretly startled road.

"not good!"

"Xiao Yan, stop him!" At the moment when Xiao Yan was surprised, Yan Chi and even the holy flame in Mu Yingying's body exuded an aura of extreme disgust.

"late!"

"You are all buried with me."

"Susu." Tianxing's last voice disappeared, and then the five blood curses directly enlarged in the pupils of everyone, and then poured into Tianxing's body instantly.

At the same time, in the star that day, an extremely evil aura directly replaced the ghost energy or even the power of life in him. That evil aura was incompatible with this world, and it was as disgusting as a demon from the abyss.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn!"

"It's still a step too late." Xiao Yan was just about to kill Tianxing completely, but the blood curse between his eyebrows suddenly appeared, and then something changed.

"The human world is really wonderful." After Tianxing's mutation, he stared at Xiao Yan and the others with a greedy smell.

"Is he Tian Xing or is it?" The next moment, Xiao Yan and the four all looked at Tian Xing in front of him vigilantly, Xiao Yi said with some puzzlement.

"Now he, I am afraid that he has lost the minds of all human beings, and has completely reduced to a foreign evil race." Yan Chi said solemnly.

"Three Saint Flames, what a huge lineup."

"However, the two of them are too weak to exert the full power of the holy flame, and one person is seriously injured. It seems that God does not bless you." The evil Tianxing said word by word.

"Half one foot stepped into the extraterritorial evil clan of the Eight Star Dou Di..." Xiao Yan said, staring at Tian Xing, who had been completely eroded by the fifth-level blood curse.

"No, this guy should be a genuine extraterritorial evil race that is comparable to the eight-star Dou Emperor level of human beings, but he has just occupied Tianxing's body, and his strength has not fully recovered."

"Tianxing's strength is already that of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. With this extraterritorial evil clan, his current strength is half a step into the Eight-Star Dou Emperor."

"Eight-star Dou Emperor and Seven-star Dou Emperor are not at the same level." Yan Chi spoke slowly, his voice full of vigilance,

"Brother, let me go, this guy is very strong." Xiao Yi on the side also said with a heavy face, staring at the evil Tianxing.

"Leave it to me, although this guy's strength has reached the level of a half-step eight-star Dou Di, but I also want to see where my limits are." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure disappeared in a flash, and he came to Evil Sky Star in an instant. before.

"Have you decided who will die first?" Tian Xing casually glanced at Xiao Yan with his evil pupils, and said calmly.

"A mere fifth-level blood curse is too much to say."

"I am the master of the holy flame, and killing the evil race outside the territory is my essential task."

"Let's start with you." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame suddenly strung out, and then directly covered his body.

Pieces of the extremely vast sea of ​​holy flames instantly surrounded the evil star, preventing it from advancing at all.

"It's a good fire control power, but this level of holy flame can't hurt me." After Evil Tianxing finished speaking, he waved his hand, and a tyrannical and incomparable wind with evil power suddenly appeared in front of him. He roared away with the Holy Flame Sea.

"Crash!" The sea of ​​fire formed by the holy flame was struck by the evil Tianxing, and immediately dissipated a lot, and Xiao Yan also had a thoughtful expression on his face. Obviously, what the evil Tianxing said was not without reason.

"Big brother's holy flame power is not always strong, how to deal with this guy..." Xiao Yi, who was on the side, watched Xiao Yan in mid-air falling into a disadvantage, and couldn't help saying.

"The power of holy flame, but the weakest one needs the help of Jiuxing Doudi to show its true power. Although Yingying and Xiao Yan now possess holy flame, their strength is too weak to fully exert holy flame's power. strength, so it is naturally a little weak to deal with some powerful foreign evil races." Yan Chi said.

"No, let me go." After Xiao Yi finished speaking, there was a hint of determination on her face.

"No hurry, let's see where this kid's limit is."

"The limit is also an opportunity to break through." Yan Chi said indifferently, even if he couldn't beat this guy, if Yan Chi wanted to leave, I'm afraid that a mere eight-star fighting emperor level alien from outside the territory wouldn't be able to keep himself.

"Xiao Yan, you can't be in trouble." At this moment, Mu Yingying, who was on the side, focused all her thoughts on Xiao Yan, and held the fairy sword tightly in her hand. If Xiao Yan was in any danger, I believe she would not take it seriously. Hesitant to shoot.

"Alas, human emotions are really..." Naturally, these little thoughts couldn't escape the burning eyes.

"Boy, the holy flame is a waste in your hands. Why don't you surrender to our blood demon clan, and enjoy the inexhaustible wealth and wealth waiting for you?" Immediately speak.

"Dream!" Xiao Yan said abruptly, and then stopped using Sheng Yan. Evil Tianxing was right. Although his strength has reached the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, if he wants to truly control Sheng Yan, I am afraid that there is no Nine Star Dou Emperor. The strength can't be done, but Xiao Yan believes that if his strength reaches the nine-star Dou Di in the future, with the addition of Sheng Yan, I am afraid that he will be able to remain invincible in the face of the fighting immortal-level foreign evil clan!

"Pick me up!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The first chi, the three-step swimming chi!" As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly flashed like lightning.

"Second foot, the waves stack up to a thousand feet!" As soon as the voice fell, in the sea of ​​holy flames beside Xiao Yan, countless huge feet of light appeared in an instant.

"The third foot The shadow of the foot is lost!" At the third foot, countless huge light beams flickered directly, wanting to attack the evil star.

"The fourth foot, the sky-shattering ruler!" As soon as the voice fell, countless continents' feet suddenly surged wildly, and then with the help of the power of the holy flame, they blasted away at the evil star.

"Woo la la!" One after another, the sky-shattering giant energy ruler beams madly blasted away at the evil star, and the evil star was unmoved by such a powerful blow, and then stayed slightly.

"Let's see, what exactly can be called an alien race." After Evil Tianxing finished speaking, a huge and incomparably evil aura suddenly appeared all over his body, and then those evil auras suddenly flowed around, and in a short moment , is to make the space where Xiao Yan and the others in the blood river are in a very serious tremor!

"The fifth foot, the Heavenly Ruler!" Seeing the evil Tianxing's huge handwriting, Xiao Yan shouted loudly.

And when Xiao Yan's seventh layer broke through the sky and five feet out, the attack of the evil star was brewing, and a huge evil air mass suddenly appeared on the top of Xiao Yan's head. Diffuse!

"Evil Devil Heaven Falls!"

"Death to me!" Before Xiao Yan could regain his senses, the voice of an evil star and demon echoed in this space.

"It's not over yet!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler sixth ruler, change away!"

"Turn me into it!" When Xiao Yan faced the huge air mass like death, the blood in his body instantly boiled, and an even more dazzling energy burst out!