Chapter Vol 4 1485: Fight the living dead!

"Thousand puppet ghost sect guy?" Looking at the figure of the living dead who grabbed Du Qifei, Xiao Yan's face slowly showed a hint of vigilance.

"Stop talking nonsense, hand over the Immortal Rank Fifth Grade Pill!"

"Otherwise, this companion of yours may only perish." There was no blood on the face of the living dead, just as white as a dead person, he snorted coldly, and his voice was filled with a strangeness, but the second No one noticed that the strength in Duan Qifei's body was slowly rising like a vast ocean.

"Hey...how can there be a tyrannical force in this woman that makes me feel uneasy?" Seeing this, the children who were temporarily suppressed by Xiao Yan's Spirit Devouring Blood Tablet suddenly shrank their clear pupils, as if they saw something fearful. General stuff.

"Here!" Thinking for a moment, Xiao Yan also directly projected the child beside him at the living dead, but in the opposite direction, he threw it towards the disc, but the dazzling spiritual power in his body was also Instantly wriggled.

"If you're interested, I'll give it to you!" And the living dead also know the details of Duo Qifei, the daughter of the dignified Dongzhou overlord, so naturally they won't really kill, and threw Duo Qifei directly at Xiao Yan, and immediately The children who were suppressed by the blood monument roared away.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan skillfully caught Du Qifei.

"I... where is this?" Duo Qifei, who seemed to be stimulated by the gloomy aura of the living dead, was caught by Xiao Yan, his beautiful eyes slowly flickering, and he woke up.

"This is the Pill Palace." Xiao Yan hugged Du Qifei, and then the dazzling flames suddenly spread over the two bodies, and then quickly escaped from the disc.

"What's wrong?" Duan Qifei didn't notice anything because he had just woken up. Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, he couldn't help but wonder.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan didn't say much, and took Du Qifei to the outside of the disc. The dazzling spiritual power was like a tide, and suddenly poured out into the disc.

"Thousand Puppet Ghost Sect?" Following Xiao Yan's actions, Duo Qifei also found the figure of the living dead whizzing away at the mysterious child.

"Hahaha!"

"The fifth-grade immortal pill is mine!" After a while, the living dead directly grabbed the child in his hands, and there was a burst of ecstasy on his pale face.

With this immortal rank fifth-grade young pill, he is enough to break through the current shackles and successfully enter the four-star fighting immortal!

"Farewell!"

"Thank you for today's matter!" A cold snort sounded, and the living dead took the children, and quickly swept away from the Pill Hall with lightning speed.

"I just want to leave now, it's too late!" At that time, a voice containing a majestic killing intent filled the disc in an instant.

"Xiao Yan, I don't want to kill you today, if you are interested, get out of the way as soon as possible, otherwise..." The living dead snorted coldly with the child.

"Purgatory Array!"

"Come out for me!" There is no unnecessary nonsense. The dazzling flames directly wrapped the entire disc completely, and wisps of molten slurry suddenly appeared on the disc. The top is completely wrapped, breaking the escape route of the living dead.

"How could it be possible..." The keen perception power just diffused out, and the breath of the living dead suddenly dropped by a full level!

His own strength was originally a Three-Star Dou Xian Perfection, but under the suppression of the mysterious flame of this formation, he actually dropped to the late stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian. On the other hand, Xiao Yan's aura was abruptly raised to the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian. level.

"It seems to be successful." Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded with satisfaction and smiled.

Since completely controlling the formation, Xiao Yan has hidden the formation pattern in the formation stone and displayed it. The powerhouse of the same rank can lower the enemy's strength by one level and increase his own strength by one level, although only in the formation It takes effect in the middle, and the time is only a stick of incense, but this is enough.

"What kind of magic method is this?" The living dead's expression changed, staring at Xiao Yan gloomily. In this purgatory formation, he felt an extremely strong unease.

"Purgatory Formation Dragon!"

"Now!" Without any extra explanation, Xiao Yan's body easily fell into the formation, and immediately disappeared from the sight of the living dead, as if the formation was merged into one.

"Boom!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, on the disk surrounded by the formation, countless molten slurries exuded a violent aura of destruction. With a touch of fiery red flames, the two instantly formed a line. A ferocious dragon with a full length of 100 feet.

The ferocious dragon was covered in flames, making it look sacred and majestic, and even on its forehead, a conspicuous stone appeared. 36,000 of them!

"Tips for carving insects!"

"Look at how I capture you!" After a while, aware of the fierce aura on the ferocious dragon, the living dead sneered, and a dazzling fighting spirit emerged.

The living dead are the original inhabitants of the ghost world, so they are the body of the soul. In addition, the ghosts on their bodies are gloomy and strange, so they are restrained by Xiao Yan's masculine flames.

"Hundred puppet masters, come out for me!" In an instant, a pale pavilion ring in the hands of the living dead slowly wriggled, and then a strange figure with milky white body suddenly appeared.

"Puppet?" Looking at the puppet that suddenly appeared, Xiao Yan frowned, obviously this puppet also carried the same tyrannical oppression.

"Lord Hundred Puppets Kill him for me!" As the white puppets appeared, the living dead snorted coldly.

The white puppet is like a human, with delicate faces and facial features, but there is no vitality, and there is only a strong ghost on the body. It is obviously a human puppet made by special means after being obliterated by others.

"Weng Om!" The head of the hundred puppets trembled all over, and then turned into a milky white blade, roaring away at the ferocious fire dragon with the momentum of lightning.

"Don't care!" At this moment, Xiao Yan didn't have time to think about it, all the dazzling power was poured into the ferocious fire dragon, and then he suddenly attacked it.

"Boom!" The sound of explosions continued to sound, but the Hundred Puppet Leaders did not feel pain, as if they were not afraid of death, they attacked the ferocious Fire Dragon as quickly as possible, making Xiao Yan quite uncomfortable. After all, this guy is comparable to The powerhouse in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals.

"Forget it, I'm the only one who can do it. Otherwise, it will only be more troublesome to let other strong people enter here." Looking at Xiao Yan who was in a hard fight, the Soul Eater Lord spoke slowly.

"Oh... this is it?" Just as he was about to do it, he noticed a sharp aura emerge.

"Boom!" When the living dead controlled Bai Puppet Chang and Xiao Yan in a stalemate, the children around him also slowly fell off, and were suddenly grabbed by a shadow.

"Little bastard!" The living dead who were still fighting with Xiao Yan noticed that the child was arrested, and immediately roared angrily.

"Let's go!" Qian Ying snorted coldly, then grabbed Xiao Yan with one hand, took the child with him, and ran away towards the outside of the Pill Palace.

"Samsung Dou Xian is complete?" And Xiao Yan was directly taken away from the Pill Palace by Qian Ying, and suddenly saw that this Qian Ying actually possessed such a tyrannical power, not only did he not have any joy, but his heart was shocked.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: