Chapter Vol 4 1673: The residual power of the Xiao clan chief?

"Boy, do you know where this is?" Feng Wan'er's beautiful eyes flashed with cannibal-like anger, she pushed Su Xueying behind her in one fell swoop, and immediately said to Xiao Yan.

"This place...isn't the place where the guardians of our Xiao family live?" Xiao Yan turned his eyes away without dodging, without the slightest fear in his eyes, and said softly.

Xiao Yan knew that if he did not do this, he would be unable to explain it clearly in his lifetime or even countless reincarnations, and now, both the things guarded by the guardians of the Xiao clan and the information he knew were all urgently needed by Xiao Yan now. .

"You can't find death!" Hearing Xiao Yan's contemptuous words, Feng Wan'er became so powerful that a reincarnation pressure descended directly.

"Pfft!" With a sound, there was not much vindictive energy left in the body, and it was suppressed by the pressure of Samsara. Xiao Yan's footsteps became heavier, and he sank a few meters. For himself, this level of power, if not for Xiao Yan's blessing of the Dragon God Transformation, I am afraid that it would have been crushed into powder!

"Mother, be merciful!"

"Xiao Yan is the biggest contributor to this catastrophe!"

"If Xiao Yan hadn't stopped a guard who was in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian and obliterated the completeness of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, I'm afraid we would have been completely defeated by the Soul Palace powerhouse..." Seeing the mistress so angry, Su Xueying hurriedly pleaded for mercy, her voice There were some tender fluctuations in it.

"Cher!"

"Have you forgotten the rules of our guardians?" Hearing Su Xueying's voice, Feng Wan'er's momentum did not diminish at all, and at the same time, it also acted on her delicate body and roared.

It just made him not expect that Su Xueying, who used to be aloof in the past, would actually plead with her for an outsider. The relationship between the two may not be so simple!

"Anyone who carries the blood of the Xiao family...kill without mercy." Su Xueying gritted her silver teeth and said solemnly, but the power above her body slowly wriggled.

"But Mistress... Is the Xiao family really as abominable as you say?"

"Xiao Yan is also a descendant of the blood of the Xiao family. Why does he feel so different from the people of the Xiao family that you told us about?" At this moment, Su Xueying stubbornly asked step by step.

"So...they should be damned!" Feng Wan'er naturally wouldn't let go of such a great opportunity. With a sudden grasp of her palm, a force of ice that invaded the soul suddenly burst out, and with a monstrous momentum, she faced Xiao Yan. Whistling away.

"Boom!" With a loud voice, the blue flame and the black flame intertwined violently, evolving into an energy barrier, trying to protect Xiao Yan.

"No need..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head weakly, and immediately stretched out a hand, crushing Su Xueying's flame barrier in an instant. This kind of thing obviously had to be done by himself.

"You!" Seeing this, Su Xueying let out a coquettish cry. She knew very well that her mistress hated the Xiao family, so Xiao Yan might be looking for her own death.

"Dong, dong, dong!" Feng Wan'er's withered palm stopped abruptly when it was several meters close to Xiao Yan. For a time, Xiao Yan's whole body froze, and cold killing intent swept out.

"Aren't you afraid that I will kill you?" The palm of the hand was still floating in front of Xiao Yan with a monstrous momentum. Immediately, Feng Wan'er's hand was heavy, and the other hand was below zero. In an instant, there will be no bones left!

"The descendants of the Xiao Clan, the descendants of the Xiao Clan, came here this time on the orders of the seniors of the Xiao Clan to come to resolve the grievances between the two clans." Xiao Yan said with a numb scalp and a trembling voice, obviously this level of power , that kind of coercion alone is enough to shatter Xiao Yan's body!

Drops of sweat dripped uncontrollably, and even in the body, countless powers suddenly became surging, even such a noisy power, it smelled a real breath of death!

"Mother..." Su Xueying's beautiful eyes contained a hint of determination. Obviously, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan, their guardian would definitely face the danger of destruction this time, and this time, no matter what, she would definitely protect him.

"Enough!" After a while, the power on Feng Wan'er's palm slowly dissipated, and then the voice was extremely angry, and she turned around gently.

"You go... otherwise I will really kill you." Feng Wan'er seemed to be trying her best to suppress the anger in her body, and muttered.

"I do not go."

"Although I don't know what happened between the Xiao clan and the guardian, I believe that our ancestors of the Xiao clan will never be ruthless and unrighteous."

"This time, I came here with the determination to die, to resolve the grievances between the two clans... Whether it is life or death, seniors can do it."

"If I can use my life to wash away the grievances and grievances between the two, the younger generation will never give up." As Xiao Yan spoke, the blood of the dragon race in his body boiled, and even an extremely ancient scale flashed out, making Xiao Yan stubborn and directly Resist the power of reincarnation!

At the same time, on the mysterious ancient map hidden in the deepest part of the body by Xiao Yan, a touch of energy that surpassed the heavens and the earth slowly overflowed and slowly condensed into a phantom.

"Do you really think that I dare not kill you, old man?"

"Why don't you ask them what your Xiao ancestors did?"

"Instead, they came to our guardian's territory to spread the wild?" Feng Wan'er was so excited by Xiao Yan's trembling roar was like a volcanic crater, intensifying and threatening to erupt at any time. .

"I'm not a generation that doesn't distinguish between grievances and grievances. I have given you a chance, but since you are courting death, then you can't blame me!"

"Ice Soul Talisman!" Seeing Xiao Yan walking towards him step by step, there was a constant murmuring from the corners of his mouth, and a strange force of ice slowly formed around Feng Wan'er's chest. A beautiful ice pattern!

Above the ice pattern, there is a terrifying coercion that transcends the world.

"Crack!" Xiao Yan saw this, and the power in his body instantly revolved, his eyelids became very heavy, and a drowsy exhaustion swept out, but it was still under tyrannical pressure, right Went with Feng Wan'er.

"Xiao Yan, let's go!" Seeing this scene, Su Xueying was in a panic, and she was directly entangled in two-color flames, trying to win a chance for Xiao Yan. She knew that an attack of this level, not to mention the mere Seven Star Fighting Immortals, is even a strong Samsara. Those who are afraid will only have an eclipsed end.

"Haha... I'm a descendant of the Xiao family, but it's not your turn to tease you like this." Just as the crisis of death swept his heart, Xiao Yan's whole body was suddenly enveloped by a soft flame, the flame was colorless and transparent like sunlight, but that The power is beyond heaven and earth.

"That is……"

"Xiao Clan Patriarch?" At this moment, Su Xueying stood there blankly, looking at Xiao Yan's head, the illusory figure, but she felt a little lost!

That feeling, even if it is as strong as Feng Wan'er, in front of it, it is just as weak as a newborn baby!

What kind of strength is that?

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: