Chapter 104: movement!

?? In the quiet hall, the faint fragrance of flowers lingers, and several people are also laughing about the family affairs. Yueru is also sitting in the hall, but her delicate cheeks are already full of impatience.

"He's been in the wooden house for more than ten days, why hasn't he recovered yet?" After sitting for a while again, Yueru finally jumped down uncontrollably and said.

"Alchemy is time-consuming, so I can't be in a hurry." Yue Yu put down the yellowish-colored book in her hand, glanced at the direction of the wooden house, and said, "Wait a little longer, it should be faster. already."

"You have said this sentence almost ten times." Yueru pouted and muttered, and had to sit back in the chair again, but just as she sat down, the whole room suddenly trembled violently. one time.

The sudden fragrance and thunder also made Yueyu and Yueru slightly startled, and then their eyes moved to the direction of the wooden house, where an abnormally strong energy fluctuation was rapidly taking shape.

"It seems that alchemy is going to be successful." Feeling the strong energy fluctuations, Yue Yu's eyes flashed with joy. Although he is not a pharmacist, he has been well-informed over the years. Naturally, he knows that some high-level alchemy When the medicine takes shape, there will be some movement.

"Imperial medicine pill...is it going to be born? Xiao Yan...he actually succeeded?"

Yueru raised her head and looked at the dark clouds in the sky, a trembling excitement quietly grew in her heart.

"Be careful, don't let people come to disturb you. There are many people around Qingcheng, and there are many strong people. The movement here can't be hidden from everyone." Yue Yu said solemnly.

However, as soon as his voice fell, the energy fluctuations in the wooden house suddenly skyrocketed to a terrifying level. Immediately, only a bang was heard, and an energy beam of about several feet was shot directly from the wooden house. , and finally pierced the ceiling and shot into the sky.

Looking at the beam of light that pierced the ceiling and rushed into the sky, even Yue Ru's face changed slightly, and she frowned slightly and whispered, "What kind of medicinal pill is Xiao Yan refining? It's so big, it seems that the entire Qingcheng has to be disturbed..."

"Father!"

At the end of the words, Yue Ru's words were full of coldness.

"Hey hey, since that dark disease possessed me, I haven't shown up for a long time."

"I have to show up to frighten those old monsters with bad intentions." A cold light flashed across Yue Yu's gray-purple eyes. This kind of movement will definitely attract the peeps of some four-star Dou Emperor powerhouses. If any old man is immortal If he interfered with his heart ruthlessly and casually, it would probably cause a lot of damage to Xiao Yan.

The voice fell, and Yue Yu's figure moved, and she disappeared into the room strangely. When she reappeared, she was already on the roof, her indifferent eyes, and slowly swept towards the surroundings.

Just as Yueru and the others had expected, the beam of light that suddenly shot up into the sky almost immediately caught the attention of many strong people in Qingcheng. They felt the pure energy contained in the beam of light. The young people were all astonished, and immediately swept out of the room. In less than a minute, in an attic outside the wooden house where Xiao Yan was, the buildings outside the attic and the treetops, It was full of people standing there.

With close viewing. Some powerhouses finally recognized the source of the beam of light, and exclamations resounded.

"It should be that kid Xiao Yan who looks at it. He wants to see him for a few short days, but his refining skills have improved." In a sophisticated room of the Refining Medicine Association, a white-haired old man looked at him. The moon's soaring beam of light muttered to herself.

Xiao Yan's special flame Bai Ruoke remembered very clearly.

"The beam of light is filled with danxiang, and it seems that someone is refining elixirs in that room."

"Although high-level medicinal pills can cause some movement, unless it looks like an imperial medicinal pill? Could it be Bai Ruo from the Alchemist Association?"

As more and more powerhouses appeared around the pavilion, the whispers became more and more. Some people who heard these words looked at the beam of light with a touch of greed gradually, which could cause this kind of greed. A moving medicinal pill is by no means an ordinary thing.

"call out!"

The sound of breaking wind suddenly sounded, and then some figures flashed over, and finally suspended in the sky, looking at the beam of light rising into the sky with amazement.

"I didn't expect that there are such masters of medicine refining in this Qingcheng. I really don't know who is the holy person who refines medicine pills." On one place, more than a dozen figures stood in the air, and a bald leader said in surprise. .

"Yeah, looking at this movement, I'm afraid that the medicinal pill will soon reach the ninth-grade level. Even I can't refine it." Beside the bald head, a man's face was full of solemnity.

The bald head frowned slightly, but shook his head slightly, and his eyes swept over the burly man in the sky again. For some reason, the latter always gave him a faint sense of danger I didn't expect Lian Yue The old guy Yu also came out, but this time it was a little troublesome to snipe Xiao Yan. Mueller slowly retracted his gaze and frowned. According to the news they received, Xiao Yan had been living in the Yue family since the ruins came out.

Since Mueller was injured by Xiao Yan in the ruins, Mueller has held a grudge. Later, when they encountered a mysterious white robe, they had no chance of being with that great fortune. With his father and a group of people preparing to find the place.

"Just kill him together." The gray-robed man's sleeves trembled slightly, and his indifferent voice drifted out: "I am more curious about who this alchemist is, and he can refine this kind of elixirs. Presumably, Bai Su of the Alchemist Association, who is in the Alchemist Association, is not too arrogant, when did this Qingcheng have such a level of Alchemist?"

"However, this person dares to concoct alchemy in such a place. I think he should be at the critical moment of becoming alchemy. If he is disturbed at this time, it will be a trivial matter to destroy alchemy, and he will be backlashed..." The gray-robed man was hoarse. He sneered in a voice.

"What kind of result does father want? The soul of an alchemist at this level is probably very strong," Muller said with a cold smile on the corner of his mouth.

As soon as Mueller's words fell, a burly figure slowly emerged from the pavilion where the beam of light was located.

"Those who are 100 meters away from here, kill!"

The burly figure appeared, and the indifferent gray eyes slowly swept around, and finally paused in certain directions. Immediately, a cold shout resounded through the sky!

Immediately, the strength of Yueyu Five-Star Dou Di was revealed!

"It's troublesome..." The man in gray also looked solemnly at Yue Yu in mid-air.

Ask for a ticket...  

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: