Chapter 245: The request of the woman in white!

Xiao Yan looked at the stone tablet and found that there seemed to be a body in the stone tablet. Then he looked at the woman in white in front of him, and said softly, "There are indeed some strange things hidden in this stone tablet. It is because of this. The stone tablet just came down. As for what you need my help with, you can talk and listen, and I will help you if you can."

Xiao Yan also said casually, after all, although this woman in white has something to ask for from herself, she can't say too much, otherwise, when the time comes...

Moreover, Xiao Yan also vaguely felt that the things in this stele were not simple, and there would be a lot of battles at that time...

The woman in white looked at Xiao Yan with a strange look in her eyes, and asked softly, "It is said that people turn into ghosts after they die, but in the human world, ghosts have always been disliked by people, and they are often favored by those Cultivators use false rumors to describe them as evil demons, and everyone sees them and executes them."

"But why didn't you deal with me when you saw me for the first time, knowing my identity?"

"And I can feel that your heavy ruler is very domineering, and there is something in it that restrains me..."

When Xiao Yan heard the words, his brows were also furrowed. Obviously, Long Yi was the only one among the ancient rulers of different fires. These twin ghost emperors could actually be restrained by Long Yi's power...

However, Xiao Yan was not too surprised. After all, he did not come to fight this woman in white. He looked at her and sighed softly: "There are all things born, and among the seven realms, ghosts are also included, but the world generally doesn't understand it. , once attacked by those ghosts, all the ghosts are said to be broken, but that's not the case."

"Even if it is a human being, there are also countless evil people. Right and wrong, good and evil, we have to rely on each person's own judgment and eyes to judge. You can't just listen to other people's gossip and judge right and wrong."

"As far as I'm concerned, as long as it's something I can see, it exists, it's just a different form."

"Why don't you tell me if you need my help?"

The woman in white showed a trace of gratitude in her eyes, and said softly, "If one day in the future, you meet a man named Muzi outside, tell him something."

"You tell him that the oath of the past has passed, let it pass."

"The former woman named Yu Xuan has left him. I want him to forget all that."

"If he asks, don't mention me, just tell him that the soul is broken, the story is passed, the person is far away, the eyes are full of blood and tears, and the face is red!"

"That's it. If you're willing to help, I'll be grateful." In the white-clothed woman's hazy eyes, a faint mist of water seemed to conceal her deep affection.

"Muzi..."

"Why does it sound familiar..." The Golden Dragon King also thought a little.

Xiao Yan looked at her and sighed, "Don't worry, I will help you find out about that person in the future."

"It's just that thousands of years have passed. Is he still alive? Is he dead?"

The woman in white shook her head gently, looked at the sky slightly and said, "No, he won't die, he must still be alive in this world."

"I remember when I first met him, he was a little Taoist priest. I will always remember that scene, but unfortunately I didn't know how to cherish it at the time."

"I remember the moonlight at that time..."

"It's unbearable to look back on!"

When Xiao Yan heard this, there was a trace of indifferent sadness in his eyes, and he sighed slightly: "There are many things in a person's life, which need to be kept in mind and slowly recollected."

After speaking, I can't help but think of Cailin and Xun'er...

"That taste is not only sweet, but also bitter in it. Don't regret the past, look forward to everything." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also felt that the aura on the woman in white had also stabilized. The ghost qi was also temporarily suppressed.

"If you can help me, but I have this concern, it can be considered that I have a request from you. I know the purpose of your coming here..."

"But how can the twin ghost emperors be suppressed so easily..." The woman in white laughed slightly to herself.

"Who knows what will happen in the future?"

"Now wait for me to see what's inside this stele, why is it that you have been trapped in it."

Xiao Yan ignored the self-mockery of the white-clothed woman, and gently landed in front of the stone tablet, her whole body was milky white, her eyes shot out streaks of flame energy, her soul force was close to the stone tablet, and she was quickly exploring the secret of the stone tablet.

Just as he approached the stone tablet, the stone tablet exuded an extremely repulsive force, causing Xiao Yan's whole body to tremble slightly.

Taking a look at the woman in white, Xiao Yan said softly, "The aura on your body contains the seal energy inside this stone tablet, so it is impossible for your body to leave here..."

"This stele has a vague power of restraint that can bind all souls and bodies of primordial spirits."

"And you belong to this range, so you have been unable to get out."

"My soul power is also trapped in it. It's a very strange thing."

The woman in white sighed softly: "For so many years, loneliness has been with me all the time, I'm used to it."

"If it wasn't for my worries, I might be very satisfied with this kind of life."

"To meet you today is also a hope for me, and my heart is satisfied."

"As long as you can go out and help me understand that wish, it doesn't matter if I stay here forever."

Xiao Yan looked at her, and his heart slowly took in her words.

Turning his head, Xiao Yan slowly approached the stele.

I saw Xiao Yan approaching the stone tablet ruler, the stone tablet suddenly emitted a red light, blocking Xiao Yan five feet away.

The red light was very strong, and the strong aura forced the woman in white to hide far away did not dare to approach.

It's just that at the moment when the red light appeared, an extremely terrifying ghost energy appeared on the woman in white, as if she was protecting the woman in white.

A dazzling power burst out in Xiao Yan's eyes instantly, the milky white light around his body rose sharply, and he fiercely fought against the red light.

For a time, within the mysterious space, the black river water in the forbidden waters was instantly shaken, flashing with different brilliance, very beautiful.

At the same time, two powerful forces confronted each other, forming an incomparably powerful momentum, sandwiching colorful brilliance, and instantly shot straight into the sky in the space.

"Damn!"

"I don't believe in this evil!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also started to burn through his own operation, and the even greater power was also fighting against the red light in the stone tablet.

"Little doll, that's not bad, you can actually let the host of this twin ghost emperor suppress the hatred in his heart..."

"Not bad, not bad." The mysterious figure from before also slowly emerged.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior, this is..." A familiar voice came from Xiao Yan's mind, and this voice was not the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, or the mysterious figure in the stone tablet.

"The cloudy moon is almost here, and this woman is coming to an end..."

"Hey……"

"The soul is exhausted, the soul is broken, the heart is dead, the ghost emperor is born..." Several familiar words also echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.