Chapter Vol 4 1932: Angel's conspiracy!

The latest website: "Four-winged angel, why are you here?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's tone was arrogant and he spoke coldly, and his voice already contained monstrous anger.

Combined with the indifferent attitude of the angel just now, Xiao Yan had already vaguely guessed the scars on the back of the black dragon wolf and the demon of light. Now, suppressing the extremely angry anger in his heart, he said word by word.

"I came here naturally to investigate the demon of light's betrayal of the Holy See." At this moment, the four-winged angel said with great interest, and there was a rare joke in his voice, as if the few people in front of him were just chickens. The power of the ants is like an ant, and there is no prestige to himself.

"Xiao Yan... I'll give you the coordinates of the master's seal in a while. There are restrictions there, and even those who are reincarnated can't approach without specific coordinates. After you leave here, go there as soon as possible to see if you can help the master to break through. seal up."

"This king is relying on his last breath, and I will definitely want to protect Er and wait."

"You guys should seize that last chance." Seeing Xiao Yan still trying to argue something, the Black Evil Dragon Wolf stood up, gave Xiao Yan a not-so-friendly smile, and said coldly. The monstrous killing intent and the few remaining demon qi rose into the sky, and the demon pill in the body was shaking violently, as if it would explode completely at any time.

Obviously, this guy has the consciousness of fighting for his life, otherwise, with their strength, it is absolutely impossible to be the opponent of the four-winged angel.

"An ant is an ant... No matter how much useless you do, it's just futile." Seeing the appearance of the Heisha Dragon Wolf, the four-winged angel sneered slightly.

It seems that the oppression and torture along the way have not yet made the Heishan Longlang recognize the gap between him and himself, so let him completely obliterate their beliefs in this Demon Town Prison, or take them back to the Holy See. in the final judgment.

"I'll ask you a question!"

"What... what is an angel?" Seeing the Heisha Dragon Wolf act like this, Xiao Yan's eyes burst red, his body jumped tightly, a breath of awe permeated, and he couldn't help roaring at the unattainable four-winged angel. one sentence.

"Angels, messengers of God."

"It is an executor who follows God's will and walks in the great world."

"We maintain the order that the world should have. Demons and traitors like you must use the most extreme judgment!"

"This is the angel!" The four-winged angel looked at Xiao Yan's extremely angry but helpless roar, and there was a touch of joy on his face, and he seemed to be enjoying himself. With a touch of power over everything.

That is the power of reincarnation!

And it still contains the reincarnation of the power of angels!

With such a simple finger, I am afraid that the five of them will be destroyed!

"Hahaha!"

"It turns out that this is the angel who is admired by thousands of people in the world's human population... In the end, it's just a group of animals in human skins."

"It's not even better than a beast!" Xiao Yan's hideous roar was vented. There was a sense of disappointment in that voice. At the same time, in his body, there was a vast and evil energy as profound as the ocean. , slowly restless, and will break out of the body at any time!

"Xiao Yan, stop!" Seeing Xiao Yan's strange appearance, the Heisha Dragon Wolf couldn't help holding him with one hand, and a trace of demonic energy diffused out of his body, maintaining Xiao Yan's last sense of reason.

"But we'll all die here." Xiao Yan's eyes were piercing, with a hint of dark green aura on his body, and the evil hair spread, and he said coldly.

"Although I don't know the secrets in your body, the Xiao Clan are the giants of the world. Even if they disappear now, their prestige still exists, and many allies are still secretly protecting you... The power is completely released, and she can use this as a threat to completely wipe out the last group of strong people who maintain your Xiao clan."

"I believe you don't want to see that kind of situation." Heishanlonglang said still, his voice full of pleading.

"But..." Hearing this, the demonic power in Xiao Yan's body was suppressed and dissipated in an instant, and his eyes couldn't help but become dignified.

Xiao Yan knew the seriousness of the words Heishan Longlang said, but now facing this situation, without the support of demons, I am afraid that the current situation is a real death and no life.

"Even if you are a descendant of the Xiao family, disobeying the angels so much is a death penalty... So let's fall together!" Seeing the demonic power in Xiao Yan's body flashing away, the four-winged angel spoke slowly, and then raised his slender fingers gently. , pointed at Xiao Yan and the others who were already bound by the cage of light!

The purpose of doing this is naturally to force Xiao Yan to reveal that demonic power!

In that case, I would have conclusive evidence to judge Xiao Yan!

Otherwise, even with the prestige of his own four-winged angel, he would not be able to judge a descendant of the Xiao tribe who was protected by several big men.

"Pengtong!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's whole body was suddenly entangled by an unknown force, and Xiao Yan just felt that at this time, whether it was his body or the soul power in his body, it was as if it was completely locked by something, unable to move, even Even breathing has become slow!

"Since...that's the case, then..." At this moment, seeing the giant light of the annihilating finger flashing, the power in Xiao Yan's body surged out again.

The price of doing this is indeed too much, but if he falls, then everything is in vain.

"Ooooooooo!" The flame beasts sent out a profound power within their body, as if they wanted to protect Xiao Yan, but no matter how huge the power it volatilized, it still lacked a vital thing to let its power under the cycle.

"Hoohoo!" After the breath, all the power of the flame beast was instantly submerged under the giant finger of light, and its eyes drooped slightly. It was obviously working hard, but now it still can't help Xiao Yan. There was a deep self-blame in the tiger's eyes.

"You have worked hard... Next, leave it to me." An extremely arrogant evil emerged, and Xiao Yan's entire body seemed to be slowly transforming, moving towards another person, with a touch of evil in his hand. The ultimate demon cube emerged.

"That's... the power of the devil?"

"Is this guy finally willing to be fooled?"

"Although I don't know why you have demon power in your body, but it's enough." Looking at this scene, the eyes of the four-winged angel suddenly flashed an incomparably fanatical smile.

"do not want!"

"You still have a long way to go."

"I'll leave the matter of the demon emperor to you. Remember to say sorry to him for me." Suddenly, a soft voice sounded, and the demon power in Xiao Yan's body was suppressed by a soft light.

For a time, behind the demon of light, a pair of **** angel wings flickered and waved, and there were signs of collapse. At this time, the power contained in the angel wings turned out to be It made the four-winged angel's pupils shrink tightly!

A bad feeling swept through my heart!