Chapter Vol 4 1147: Soul torture, Yu Family's big move!

"Boom boom boom!" A very crisp cry, but it was like a death **** reaping his life, slowly echoing in the enchantment.

When the man in black saw Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack, he didn't run away immediately, because he knew that if he didn't deal with this soul attack, he might not end up much better.

"Little chops!"

"You really surprised me." After a while, a resentful voice slowly came out of the barrier.

"Sure enough, he didn't die." Xiao Yan glanced at the man in black who had been attacked by his own soul and was severely injured, and couldn't help but say.

According to Xiao Yan's estimation, the soul power of this man in black is probably extremely weak, and his current soul power at the peak of the Emperor Realm is not enough to cause a real kill.

"When I meet you next time, I will definitely make you feel the pain!" The man in black roared with an extremely painful expression.

"You'd better take care of yourself first." Xiao Yan shrugged in disbelief.

The man in black is already dying, yet he still speaks ruthlessly?

"What is this……"

"Get out of here..."

"Ah ah ah!" As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, a circle of invisible soul power immediately penetrated the defense of the man in black, forcing him to a real desperate situation.

"Pfft." With a sound, the man in black immediately lost all consciousness, apparently being temporarily suppressed by Xiao Yan's enormous soul power, and he stayed in place motionless.

"Brother Xiao, wait a second." Looking at the man in black who was extremely arrogant at first, but now almost fell under the attack of Xiao Yan's soul, Qing Wen hurriedly said.

It was only at this moment that Qing Wenwen really confirmed Xiao Yan's terror!

Let me ask, a powerhouse in the early stage of one-star fighting immortal actually defeated a powerhouse in the late stage of one-star fighting immortal. If this is spread out, I am afraid it will cause a commotion in the entire ghost king city, so Qingwen is naturally To have a good relationship with Xiao Yan.

"Brother Qing, what's the matter?" Xiao Yan originally planned to use his soul power to obliterate the man in black. After all, he was now in a barrier, and no one would find out.

"This guy's strength in the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal is not low in the Yu family. I'm afraid he knows something, so..." Qing Wen said directly without any hesitation.

"What kind of information do you want to get out of this guy's mouth, it's probably more difficult than going to the sky." Xiao Yan shook his head.

Xiao Yan knew about the soul attack just now. This man in black is definitely a dead man, and he will not betray his master until his death.

"Hehe, if you ask directly, you won't be able to ask."

"But it is said that alchemists have a skill called soul torture, which can use soul power to enter other people's soul realms to explore their memories. Although this method will cause incurable wounds to other people's souls, it is also a good way to face such villains. You can use it." Qing Wen smiled.

"Soul torture..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words.

He has naturally heard of soul torture, but in order to achieve this, at least his soul power must reach the emperor realm. Obviously, although Xiao Yan's soul power has reached the emperor realm, he has never done it.

"I'll give it a try." Xiao Yan smiled when he looked at the man in black who was in front of him.

"Yep."

"Be careful, if it doesn't work, then forget it." Qing Wen said.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded lightly and adjusted the breath in his body. After the breath recovered, the soul torture began.

"Come in!" Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, just closed his eyes and rested, and then circles of invisible soul power emerged from his body and headed towards the man in black.

"It's started..." Qing Wen couldn't help but envied Xiao Yan's sophistication.

The strength of a pharmacist's soul is related to his rank, but a pharmacist is the most sought-after profession in the entire Great Thousand World. Qing Wen couldn't refine a pharmacist because of his talent, so he was naturally very envious of Xiao Yan.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan controlled his soul power to enter the body of the man in black, without being hindered by anything, he came to the soul realm of the man in black very easily.

"This soul realm..." As for the soul realm inside the man in black just now, Xiao Yan was at a loss for words.

Because what appeared in front of Xiao Yan was a white light group that only touched ten meters, and the fluctuations in this light group were the power of the soul.

"This guy's soul power is so weak?" Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head.

No wonder he was instantly killed by his own soul attack. It turned out that his soul power was so weak.

However, Xiao Yan is also a little fortunate. If this guy's soul power is a little bit tyrannical, it will probably be a fierce battle. After all, no matter what, this guy is a real one-star late stage powerhouse.

"Enter!" And Xiao Yan didn't think about these things for a while, and directly controlled the soul power to invade the white light group.

"Boom boom boom!" When Xiao Yan's soul power just touched the white light group of the man in black, the white light group of the man in black broke out an extremely tyrannical resistance, but under the suppression of Xiao Yan's huge soul power, in an instant become quiet.

"Sisi." Time passed minute by minute.

Once this time has passed, ten minutes have passed.

For ten minutes, Xiao Yan was carefully probing the memory of the man in black, trying to find something useful, but Emperor Tian paid off. At the last moment, the memory of the man in black was still completely captured by Xiao Yan. Spy!

"How's it going?" Qing Wen asked urgently just after seeing Xiao Yan open his eyes.

"Their Yu family, this time secretly colluded with other forces, trying to attack this auction and your Qing family." Xiao Yan opened his eyes and said immediately.

"it is as expected……"

"Have you found out what force it is?" Qingwen asked No, this guy knows about this, but the specific details are impossible to find out. "

"But that force is not in the ghost king city." Xiao Yan said.

"Looks like this, this auction will probably be Longtan Tiger's Den." Qing Wen shook his head.

"What about this guy?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Kill it." Qing Shun said.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as Qing Wen's words fell, Xiao Yan's fingertips jumped with blue-yellow flames, slowly wrapping around the man in black, and then the man in black's unconscious body instantly became illusory. In the next moment, there was not a trace of the soul that was directly burned by the blue-yellow flame!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This is the true power of Saint Flame!

And not far from here, in the ancestral hall of the Yu family mansion.

In the ancestral hall of the Yu family mansion, there are hundreds of wooden plaques of different sizes standing here. Various colors slowly appear on the wooden plaques, which obviously represent various attributes.

"Put, puff!" At this moment, the sound of a wooden sign breaking in the middle slowly sounded.

"Hei Yu... has he fallen?" And the sleepy eyes in the ancestral hall opened their mouths slightly, and the voice was full of serious chills!

If Xiao Yan were here, he would have recognized it at a glance. With such strength, he has reached the level of a two-star fighting immortal!