Chapter 640: Clash between captains

"die..."

"You made the shame I suffered before at the cost of your death..." Xu Zhu's face turned hideous, and then the terrifying attack in his hand suddenly smashed down, and the devastating attack instantly attacked Lingxuan's body!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Captain, is Xu Zhu crazy?"

"Although this Lingxuan is arrogant and arrogant, her own talent and strength are not bad. It is said that she is also the daughter of the palace master. If so, she will fall, I am afraid..." There was a hint of concern in Ai Lin's eyes. Ai Lin knows Zhu's strength, but this terrifying blow can only be avoided by the real mid-6-star Dou Emperor. Although Lingxuan's strength has reached the mid-6-star Dou Emperor, it is a beautiful flower. , could not bear such a terrifying attack, and immediately said.

Ai Lin is very clear about Xu Zhu. Although Xu Zhu is a good person, she is easy to go to extremes. Therefore, even if Xu Zhu has good strength and talent in the Temple of the Earth, she is still rejected by Lingxuan, and she is still rejected by the Temple of the Earth. The Lord doesn’t like it, and this is a big reason.

"Don't worry, I believe he is measured. If it really doesn't work, I will take action."

"And I know that his heart has always been trapped in the knot of Lingxuan. I am afraid that only after experiencing this time will he be able to get rid of this knot."

"Otherwise, he won't get out of this knot for a long time. For his future growth..." Feng Ling couldn't help but be slightly surprised when he saw the huge smoke in the field caused by Xu Zhu's attack.

"Don't you feel ashamed to bully a little girl?" The smoke slowly dissipated, and a disdainful voice with extremely powerful suppressing power was instantly transmitted.

"What?" At the next moment, Feng Ling, the captain of the Rainbow Team, and Ai Lin both had heavy hearts.

Because at this time, a rather shocking situation appeared among the several of them!

That Lingxuan had already sat down on the ground, her whole body had been withdrawn by her, and Xu Zhu's figure rose into the air. Xu Zhu's palm patted the void above Lingxuan. The huge black ruler slowly blocked it.

"Go away!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then a dazzling flame of Dou Qi suddenly exploded above the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire, and Xu Zhu, who had been desperate, was suddenly shaken away, and the bullet flew out dozens of meters!

"You!" Seeing this, Ai Lin hurried over to support Xu Zhu.

"Humph!"

"You're acting like this is too deceiving?" Seeing this, Feng Ling couldn't help but snorted coldly.

No matter what Xu Zhu did, this Xu Zhu is currently a member of his Rainbow Team. This Xiao Yan actually labeled Xu Zhu like this in front of his captain. He was the captain. How can you not be angry?

"What's wrong with me?"

"I'm just treating people's bodies with the way of others."

"If you don't agree, let's go up together." Xiao Yan said casually, then slowly put away the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and looked slightly at Lingxuan below.

"you!"

"Don't be too arrogant, do you know who our captain is?" One of the teammates of the Rainbow Team in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di hurriedly spoke. Obviously, Xiao Yan's arrogance had already aroused their anger.

"Let me do it." Although Feng Ling was angry, but fortunately, Feng Ling was also the captain of the Rainbow Team. His determination was far superior to that of Superman, so he returned to calm after a brief surprise.

Even if Xiao Yan released such cruel words, he immediately thought about it slowly.

Because people with discerning eyes can naturally see it, there is a lot of rumors about Xiao Yan's strength in the outside world, and it is said that Xiao Yan killed the twin ghost emperors before, who is the real ghost world powerhouse, so Feng Ling has to be serious.

"I could have defeated him if you didn't make a move just now, but..." How could Ling Xuan's arrogant character say thank you so easily.

If it wasn't for the fact that Xu Zhu's move was too unpredictable, Ling Xuan believed that with her strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, it would naturally not be difficult to defeat Xu Zhu.

"Next." Xiao Yan heard the words, and naturally ignored Lingxuan, handed him a few medicinal pills, and then his eyes returned to Feng Ling.

"Take it, this is an elixir to restore your exhausted strength." Mu Yingying also spoke immediately in order to support Lingxuan.

When Lingxuan heard the words, she was stunned for a moment. Obviously, Lingxuan felt that she was already very cold. She never thought that Mu Yingying, who was always cold, would take the initiative to talk to her.

"Captain, he's fine, it's just..." Ai Lin checked Xu Zhu's injury a little, and found that Xu Zhu was not in any serious trouble, but there were some things that were difficult to say.

"Just what?" Feng Ling was holding back his anger. Hearing Ai Lin's words, he immediately said angrily.

"It's just that Xu Zhu was attacked by some forces in her body. Although there is no danger to her life, she should not be able to wake up in a short time." Ai Lin said with a bite of silver teeth.

"Little bastard, I think you're tired and crooked!" At the next moment, Feng Ling did not hide his strength, and a huge breath permeated instantly.

Although this Xiao Yan's strength is hard to fathom, but at this time in the trial in Luoling Mountain, Feng Ling knows better than anyone about the team's task and the wooden card, so he coveted the wooden card in Xiao Yan's hand, and immediately said in his heart.

"The peak of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di..." Xiao Yan looked at Feng Ling's burst of breath, the corner of his mouth moved slightly, and then he spoke.

"If that's the case, then come on." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth stirred a dangerous arc, and then he slowly stared at Feng Ling.

"Boom boom boom!" The two of them were not procrastinators, the terrifying fluctuations were born in an instant, and then they slowly converged together!

Feng Ling met with one hand, and Xiao Yan met with both hands. The speed of the two was extremely fast, like a gust of breeze blowing past, slowly passing by, and then the two figures slowly froze.

"You're very strong." Feng Ling couldn't believe that he used to rely on the strength of the mid-term peak of the Six-Star Dou Emperor Even in the entire palace, his strength was enough to rank in the top ten, but In Xiao Yan's hands, he felt powerless for a while.

Although the fight just now only lasted a moment, Feng Ling knew that Xiao Yan in front of him was definitely not easy!

The power of life in his body is as high as rank seven, and it only takes ten rounds to deal with Lingxuan, but to face this Xiao Yan, it makes him feel unfathomable for a while.

If it wasn't for Feng Ling's use of some special means, he would have been defeated directly by Xiao Yan.

"This person is very strange, there is obviously no fluctuation of vitality, but the fluctuation of flames all over his body, the shock to me is too terrifying, I think this guy is probably the real six-star fighting emperor." Feng Ling Staring at Xiao Yan slightly, he found that there was an inexplicable and powerful force in Xiao Yan that was slowly shaking him.

"Go ahead, Feng Ling, if you lose, leave the wooden sign behind." Just when Feng Ling was already thinking of quitting, Ling Xuan, who was beside him, smiled slowly at him, with a malicious smile in his smile. The smell slowly emerged.

"Bastard, you actually know the secret of this wooden sign?" Feng Ling was shocked when he heard this.

"Hmph, don't forget who I am." Ling Xuan naturally ignored Feng Ling and smiled slowly at Xiao Yan.

"Damn, I forgot that this little witch is the daughter of the palace master, the secret of the wooden sign seems to be unable to escape." Feng Ling said coldly, and then his eyes became cold, and a fighting spirit emerged!

Ask for tickets!