Chapter 123: Wings wake up!

"Boom!"

With the spread of this wave on Qing Yuan's body, at this moment, the world around this waterfall, like a boiling oil pan, suddenly rioted...

The sudden upheaval of the heavens and the earth also attracted the attention of all the magical beasts in the energy barrier set up by the Golden Dragon King, but this kind of soul power seems too illusory to them, except for a few magical beasts that can resist, the rest are worship go down.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan also had a worried expression and asked hurriedly.

"The energy between heaven and earth suddenly rioted.??" The Golden Dragon King looked at the sky and said softly.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also quickly raised his head and turned his eyes to the sky, his face changed slightly, only to see that the originally clear sky suddenly became much darker at this time, and dark clouds came from nowhere, slowly shrouded the sky.

The sudden change caused Xiao Yan to stare at the abnormality in the sky with bewilderment on his face.

After taking Qing Yuan to consolidate the essence of Pei Yuan Dan, and adding the mixed essence jade liquid to neutralize it, then Qing Yuan's strength first skyrocketed, and then the soul strength skyrocketed. I don't know what else will happen.

"Boom!"

In the dark clouds, there was suddenly the sound of roaring thunder, and silver lightning dashed in it, like a long silver snake.

"What's going on?" Looking at the huge dark cloud in the sky, Xiao Yan could not feel any violent energy from it. With a mouthful of saliva, he asked.

The Golden Dragon King stared at the dark clouds in the sky, and said solemnly: "It is said that when some legendary monsters in ancient times were born or advanced, some abnormal phenomena in the heavens and the earth will be triggered due to the inconsistency of the huge energy in the body. However, these legends The level of monsters is extremely powerful, and some of them are outstanding, even comparable to the human powerhouses of the Dou Xian level. There seems to be not many such legendary level monsters in the Doudi Continent now. See…"

"Impossible, Qing Yuan's body is obviously human blood, if it's a beast, it won't be like this..." Xiao Yan also wondered.

"It seems that my guess is correct."

"Besides monsters, there is another possibility."

"It is said that there is an ancient race in this Great Thousand World, and they master the most powerful healing and resurrection magic in the Great Thousand World."

"Angels are known for their purest souls and powerful healing abilities. I thought that Qing Yuan had an angelic aura on her body. It seems that she is right!"

"The angel family will wake up when they are eighteen years old and see their potential from their awakened wings. Although I don't know the reason, Qing Yuan has obviously passed the best time to wake up. Guben Peiyuan Dan is also to help Qing Yuan. Yuan's second awakening of wings!"

"If it is said that the angel family in the Great Thousand World is the first, no one dares to be the second!" The Golden Dragon King also looked at Qing Yuan and said slowly.

"Angel?" Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then looked at Qing Yuan, whose soul power continued to soar. Even in the Dou Qi Continent, the angel family was only recorded in a few ancient books, and never appeared at all.

"Well, the most distinctive feature of the angel family is that they have the purest soul power and wings. The reason why you are dizzy is not that Qing Yuan's soul power is stronger than you, and Qing Yuan's soul purity is higher than you." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

"If you compare your soul purity to ten, then Qingyuan's soul purity is one hundred!" The Golden Dragon King explained again.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also nodded his head, his master Jinlong King was right, and then carefully observed every move in the sky.

Qing Yuan, who was originally lying on the emerald stone bed, suddenly rose from the emerald stone bed into the air when the dense dark clouds gathered in the sky.

"Don't worry, just watch it quietly, this is the awakening of the wings of the angel family, and I also want to see how far this Qing Yuan can become." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was about to make a move when he was caught by his master, the Golden Dragon King. The voice was suppressed.

The Golden Dragon King was also floating in the air in a state of soul. Looking at Qing Yuan's pupils, he hesitated for a moment, and then shook his head.

However, when he shook his head, the old face of the Golden Dragon King was filled with some dazed doubts.

Because, when Qing Yuan just ascended into the air, he seemed to faintly feel that there was an extremely obscure aura hidden outside the energy barrier that he had set up around the waterfall.

However, this feeling is just an extremely vague sense, the degree of blurring, and even the Golden Dragon King himself is a little uncertain.

Xiao Yan was also attracted by the situation in the air, and did not notice the puzzled expression of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

While Xiao Yan quietly watched Qing Yuan's state in mid-air, if something was wrong, he would take action, but the Emperor Yan ring on Xiao Yan's finger suddenly trembled slightly.

Although the slight tremor of the ring was subtle, it did not escape Xiao Yan's detection. He was now asking softly, "Master, what's wrong?"

"Be careful, I don't know why, I seem to feel a somewhat familiar smell." The old voice of the Golden Dragon King, with some solemnity and doubts, sounded beside Xiao Yan's ears.

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was stunned for a moment, then asked in astonishment, "Familiar taste?"

"Previously, I used my soul power to create an energy barrier just now, a familiar aura seemed to touch my ability barrier. At that time, the perfectly perfect aura that was originally hidden was captured by me just now. A trace, otherwise, I'm afraid even I won't be able to detect it." The Golden Dragon King said solemnly.

"This smell makes me a little familiar... Maybe I have come into contact with me before."

Hearing the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan's heart trembled, and some shock appeared on his face.

With the strength of his master, the Golden Dragon King, although he doesn't know the exact level, he can at least be sure.

When the Golden Dragon King of his master was at his peak, he must have been the peak powerhouse on the Dou Di Continent, and the strength of the aura that could be in contact with the previous Golden Dragon King of the master should definitely not be underestimated.

At least it can't be what Xiao Yan can handle now.

"Anyway, be careful, and after Qing Yuan has absorbed it, take her out of here quickly."

"Yeah." Nodding slightly, Xiao Yan's face became a little dignified.

Qing Yuan was floating in mid-air, and the medicinal power of Guben Pei Yuan Dan had already spread into the limbs and bones, and the strong medicinal power would make the somewhat slender body stand out vividly.

The pure white energy that existed on Qing Yuan's body also slowly wrapped Qing Yuan, and then there seemed to be something about to be born behind Qing Yuan.

Ask for a ticket

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм