Chapter 318: The situation of Youquan devours the heart of the ghost emperor!

"What?" An aura soaring to the sky also burst out from the room instantly, and the next moment King Xuanling also came to the entourage outside the door.

Holding the collar of the follower with one hand, he lifted the follower away from the ground, and stared at him fiercely.

"You say it again!" King Xuanling's angry voice echoed inside and outside the room.

"The immortal body in the Burning Incense Pavilion was obtained by its disciples..." The followers were also afraid of King Xuanling, but they had no choice but to say, and then said in Du.

"Bang bang bang!" A series of voices also slowly came from the body of the follower.

"Damn the Burning Incense Pavilion, it's actually bad for me." King Xuanling also stared at the location of the Burning Incense Pavilion viciously, and then said hideously.

At the level of the Xuanling King, there are not many things to be interested in, but there is no doubt that the attraction of this immortal body to the Xuanling King is unparalleled.

Because King Xuanling has also thought of countless ways, if he can obtain this immortal body, then he can also be promoted to Dou Xian by virtue of his immortal body!

But I don't know why, King Xuanling couldn't find the place to enter the immortal body at all, as if it was hidden!

Now that it was actually obtained by the disciples of Burning Incense Pavilion, King Xuanling was naturally extremely angry.

The previous followers had already been turned into powder by the power of King Xuanling.

After all, the strength of this entourage was not reached by Emperor Dou, and in front of this King Xuanling, he couldn't bear the anger of the peak Dou Emperor.

"It seems that it is imperative to advance to Dou Xian..."

"Otherwise, the one who worshipped me would be dissatisfied with me for a long time..."

"If I were promoted to Dou Xian, these things would naturally be self-defeating..." King Xuanling said in a low voice, and after speaking, his figure flashed strangely and disappeared in place.

In the Fenxiang Pavilion, Mu Yingying, Ludi, Mu Feng, and Xiao Yi also came out one after another, only Xiao Yan was left in the Dou Di River.

It's just that none of these four disappointed Mu Xuzi, they all gained the status of a sixth-rank Dou Emperor!

And Mu Yingying even gained the status of a seventh-rank Dou Emperor!

This makes Mu Xuzi, who has always been high-minded and low-handed, quite satisfied.

You must know that even Elder Zhu in front of him only has the body of a seventh-rank Dou Emperor...

"It seems that this immortal body should be Xiao Yan's kid without a doubt." Elder Zhu on the side also said slowly.

"Immortal body?"

"What is that..." Mu Yingying also slightly parted her lips, and then said blankly.

"The body of immortality is simply the body of the most terrifying Dou Di in this Dou Di Hanoi."

"In other words, it is the body of a tenth-rank fighting emperor." Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"The body of a tenth-rank fighting emperor?" As soon as Mu Xuzi said this, the four people around suddenly raised shocking doubts.

Because after they obtained the body of the Dou Emperor, they also knew the tyranny of the Dou Emperor's body!

The body of a sixth-rank Dou Emperor is so tyrannical, so how powerful should this tenth-rank Dou Emperor be...

"Let's wait." After Mu Xuzi finished speaking, he also stared at Dou Dihe in front of him.

Hearing the words, the four of them nodded in unison.

"Big brother is still big brother." Xiao Yi also said slowly.

In the faraway place of the void, in a very dark place, on an altar, countless eerie ghosts filled the air, and at the same time, two familiar figures also appeared in the center of the altar.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Taking a closer look, it is the red leaves and the ghosts of the secluded spring!

"Are you sure you're so sure..." Hong Ye also pondered for a while before opening the mouth and said, after all, the ghost of the secluded spring was too crazy when he said it.

"Sixty percent sure." The ghost of the secluded spring on the side also spoke slowly.

"Sixty percent..." Hongye shook her head when she heard the words, and then stopped talking, staring at the ghost in the secluded spring in front of her.

On that day, after they escaped from the Infernal Corpse Forest, they found a dark place to retreat, and until today, all their injuries were fully recovered, and then they returned to the Red Mountain and made such a move on the top of the mountain.

At this time, the entire top of Hongshan was filled with a spooky ghost, and in the center of the top, a spooky formation slowly appeared.

In the formation, it seemed that something was about to appear, which made Hongye quite uneasy.

Looking at Youquan, the ghost of Youquan at this time also lost the appearance of a human, and the whole body was rotted to varying degrees, and it looked extremely terrifying.

"I hope it will be successful..." Hong Ye also bit her lip slightly, then stared at a body beside her...

That body is her lover...

If the secluded spring is successful, then it will be much easier to resurrect her lover. After all, Hongye is also known from some ancient secret books. This twin ghost emperor has some mysterious powers that can revive others, so he is also with this twin ghost. God deals.

And now that the ghosts of the twin ghost emperors are on Youquan, it undoubtedly means that Youquan is the next twin ghost emperors, so Hongye has no choice but to do so.

"Get ready, wait until this time I completely devour the soul of the twin ghost emperors. In addition to the other half of the previous twin ghost emperors, I think it will be stronger than the twin ghost emperors at their peak." Youquan also showed his eyes. , facing the red leaf road on the side.

"Yeah." Hongye heard the words and slowly put down her lover, then walked to the center of the formation and confronted Youquan.

"I'm going to start, I'll trouble you these days." After Youquan finished speaking, he also closed his eyes, and the next moment, a huge and incomparably evil aura also emanated from Youquan...

"Actually reached the level of Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation..." Hong Ye also muttered, obviously not expecting that this secluded spring was only the level of Five-Star Dou Emperor at first, but after swallowing the other half of Twin Ghost Emperor, it turned out to be promoted to Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation level, this is appalling.

"Susu..." The next moment, Youquan also suddenly took out his palm, which had become somewhat rotten. At the same time, a blood-red heart slowly appeared in the hands of the ghost of Youquan.

"Twin Ghost Emperor's Heart?" Hongye's pupils shrank tightly at this time, because around her, she had never seen such a thing, only heard of According to legend, every ghost emperor When they fall, they will leave their souls behind, and through special means, the Ghost Emperor Heart can be extracted from their souls.

The ghost emperor's heart is the core source of power for every ghost emperor. As long as the ghost emperor's heart is absorbed, the person who absorbs it will become a ghost emperor again!

"So this is the ghost emperor's heart..." Hongye also spoke slowly.

"Da da da..." A powerful heartbeat also came from the blood-red heart, but Hongye returned when she heard the heartbeat, and even her vindictive qi was in a state of solidification!

"Susu..."

"You are mine..." Youquan Ghost also didn't hesitate, opened his **** mouth and swallowed the ghost emperor's heart black!

The Ghost Emperor Xin had just entered Youquan's body, and suddenly a shocking aura emanated from the top of Hongshan Mountain. Just as the blood-colored rays of light from the sky were about to appear, the formation at the foot of Youquan exuded a huge suction force, and That power was completely absorbed, and then it was fed back to Youquan, and so on...

Hongye also withdrew from the formation, and then protected Youquan by the side.

"Although I don't know how long it will last..."

"But I hope you can succeed..."

"If you succeed in treachery, then I'll leave it alone..." After Hongye finished speaking, she also slowly left here holding the body.

At this time, the top of Hongshan Mountain was calm again.

Ask for tickets!