Chapter Vol 4 2263: Purpose of the Planar Conference

"Since the status and position are over, let's start the plane meeting."

"Everyone, please take your seats."

"Starting today, Xiao Yan from the Endless Fire Territory has officially become the ninety-ninth Demon Slayer King in my Great Thousand Palace."

"When this incident is over, this king will grant you the title of Demon Slayer King, and at the same time, I will exhaust the resources of our Daqiangong to train you."

After a long time, Leng Luochen said in a deep voice.

For the Demon Punishment Point, this kind of thing cannot be faked, and it cannot rely on the strength of others, but only on one's own strength. In addition, Xiao Yan has a holy flame in his body, and after weighing it, he can only come up with this last resort.

"If that's the case, then I would like to thank Master Leng."

Xiao Yan was slightly overjoyed in his heart, and immediately clasped his fists and said.

"That's all."

"Let's start our plane meeting next, do you still have any objections?"

Leng Luochen looked around, saw that not many of the strong people in the field spoke, and said immediately.

"..." There was a dead silence. At this time, Xiao Yan seemed to have become a huge mountain, which made these heavenly people here suffer a lot.

"Since there is no dispute, then this plane meeting officially begins."

Leng Luochen's voice fell, Leng Luochen, Xiao Yan, and the elders of Dagan stood on the main hall, and Leng Luochen spoke first.

"This face-to-face meeting, what does Daqiangong want to do?"

The other nearly fifty Tianjiao heard the words and sat down leisurely, but they quickly calculated what would happen next in their minds.

"In the past, the plane meetings were all competitions for the young people with the top strengths in our Human World Continent, but this time there will be some changes."

"I believe everyone is familiar with the four characters of foreign evil tribes, right?"

Leng Luochen spoke up, this plan that had already been made, is now being conveyed to these guys little by little through the plane meeting.

Of course, although the plane meeting is a gathering of the younger generation of the top forces in the human world, there are also very few forces that disdain to participate, such as Jianyu who is dedicated to practicing kendo, etc., but after all, this is only a minority.

"Extraterritorial evil race?"

"After the first World War, the evil tribes from outside the territory were defeated, aren't they already defeated... Could it be that they are making a comeback?"

"After the end of the Heaven and Earth War, several seniors who were righteous and awe-inspiring, burned reincarnation and suppressed cracks in the sealed plane, how could it not be broken so easily."

As soon as Leng Luochen's words came out, the whole hall exploded in an instant. With the hatred and understanding of these guys for the alien race, they were definitely among the best.

"There has not been any fluctuation in the cracks in the plane, but because of the first world war, although our Great Thousand World has won, it has paid a huge price, and countless great powers have fallen, including many in our Great Thousand Palace. Demon King."

"Demon King Zhou Yuan, do you still have any impressions?"

Leng Luochen waited until everyone's sighs subsided for a while, and then opened his mouth.

"The Demon King Zhou Yuan?"

"It is said that this is a real ruthless man. For the sake of his beloved wife, he forcibly broke into a royal residence somewhere among the evil tribes outside the territory and killed the entire race, including several kings and a strong red king. By."

"Finally retreat."

"But I remember that this great man seems to have fallen sadly after the first world war. It is rumored that the deadline is coming."

Feng Qin opened her mouth slightly, obviously she knew more about this great power than others.

"This plane meeting is actually mainly a chance."

"After the fall of Lord Zhou Yuan, he transformed into a military mansion and was located in a void area, where it was invaded and surrounded by powerful foreigners all day long. Even we couldn't stay for a long time."

"You should not be unfamiliar with the prestigious name of Wufu, right?"

Seeing everyone's astonishment, Leng Luochen threw out a shocking piece of information.

"Wufu?"

"Wufu is actually Lord Zhou Yuan's residence?"

Surprised voices emerged one after another, and in the entire hall, eyes suddenly filled with extreme enthusiasm.

"In Wufu, it is said that there is an almost abnormal fighting skill."

"The Holy Body of Emperor Wu."

"No one knows the specific rank, but there are rumors that the former senior Zhou Yuan used this technique to forcefully block the attacks of the red king rank powerhouses among the evil tribes outside the territory."

"It is said that this is a peerless fighting technique that specializes in strengthening the body. The rumored level may have already reached the category of the Great Forbidden Technique."

"In the future, immortal arts will be small forbidden techniques, medium forbidden techniques, and big forbidden techniques... In the future, it will be god-level fighting techniques."

"But that kind of thing is too ethereal."

Xun'er put her small hand next to Xiao Yan's ear, exhaled softly and said, causing Xiao Yan to be like a hot wave...

"Sisi!"

"The strongest physical strengthening fighting skill under the **** rank?"

"Then the full version of the Dragon God Transformation, could it be... a **** rank?"

Xiao Yan nodded seriously, but he was surprised.

"The affairs of the Wufu are of great importance. Please forgive me for this king's more trouble."

"We already have the exact information of the Wufu. However, due to the restriction of the powerful among the evil races outside the territory, we cannot let the real Xeon take action, so our hope can only be pinned on you."

"There is nothing else to ask for in this trip. Everything you have obtained from the Wufu belongs to you. All we ask for is to bring back the corpse of Lord Zhou Yuan."

"All those who are interested, stay. We will formulate a more detailed plan later. If you have concerns, just leave."

Leng Luochen spoke naturally, and there was no force in his voice.

Everyone heard the words, and their expressions changed. On one side, there was an extremely huge place of opportunity, and on the other side, there was a danger-ridden outside world. Obviously, it was extremely difficult to decide.

"Since no one backs down, then a trip to the Wufu is up to you."

"Elder Kun, I'll ask you to maintain the shuttle in the extraterritorial space."

"Xiao Yan, the isolation of the extraterritorial space is up to you."

Leng Luochen said to an old man at the back of the hall.

"Hey, it's okay."

"I've never seen such a hot-blooded young talent."

A faint smile came from behind, but the voices were filled with a terrifying force that surpassed the heavens and the earth.

"A soul that surpasses the Yuan Huayuan realm... Divine wandering?"

Xiao Yan's inner spiritual palace buzzed violently Obviously, the pressure this guy gave him was too strong.

"Dong, dong, dong!"

Immediately, the void in the hall twisted, and sticky black air appeared around the space channel, which was the space channel connecting the outside world.

"Puff."

"This is the detailed information map of the Wufu. I have used my soul power to pass it on to your minds. I will ask you all for this trip to the Wufu."

"Xiao Yan, as the Demon Slayer, is solely responsible for this command."

"I, Leng Luochen, welcome all of you for your triumphant return."

After doing all this, Leng Luochen bowed heavily to the strong men.

"King Leng is polite."

"go!"

When everyone heard the words, they got up one after another, and immediately stepped into the space passage. Under the protection of the soul power of Demon Slayer King Kun Lao, who was like a wandering world, they went to the extraterritorial space.

There, it is the place where the Demon King Zhou Yuan fell, and it is also the place where the treasures of his mansion are stored.

Demon King, this is the peerless power that stifled the Red King Rank in the great world, and what kind of fiery contest will be born in the mansion left behind?

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: