Chapter 114: Fight against the Mu family 3 elders!

Feeling the majestic aura that filled the sky on the three old men, Xiao Yan's body quickly retreated more than ten meters. Only just now did the suffocation in his chest go away, and he looked up solemnly at the three white robes. The old man is very troubled.

If Dangdang was a powerhouse in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di, Xiao Yan would not be afraid at all, but this shot was three, so Murray was obviously prepared.

The three four-star Dou Di strongmen personally took action against him. This is too much for him, this nameless boy, isn't it?

Above the sky, the remaining dozen or so Mu family elites all looked up at the battle situation in the sky. They also felt that it was too much of a fuss about the need to dispatch three four-star Dou Di elders from the family to intercept Xiao Yan. You know, With the strength of the three elders in the sky, it is not difficult to stop even the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor.

But this Xiao Yan is only the peak of the three-star Dou Di after all, one elder is enough, why do you need three shots?

Of course, it is not only the elites of the Mu family who have this idea, but even some of the rich and powerful people in Qingcheng are somewhat inconceivable.

"This little guy seems to be in a bit of trouble. If these three old guys take action, even me, I will be delayed for a while..." The third elder looked at the battle situation in the sky and said lightly.

Wen Yan Yueyu also frowned slightly, nodded, turned her head to look at her daughter who was extremely worried about Xiao Yan's safety, and then had some plans in her heart.

"Old man Su, are you not going to make a move? Hehe, no matter what, Xiao Yan is also an honorary elder of our Alchemist Guild, right?" Bai Ruo suddenly turned her head and smiled at Bai Su.

"Hahaha, help is definitely going to help, but I also want to see the limit of this kid." Bai Su said with a smile.

Bai Ruo also laughed. He naturally knew that his eldest brother could not help Xiao Yan to solve the crisis at this time. After all, his eldest brother had to see Xiao Yan's limit before deciding something.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And other people may be afraid of their Wucheng, but Bai Su is not afraid, not to mention his five-star fighting emperor's strength, when he is the president of the Alchemist Association, even the five-star fighting emperor can only be respectful, and I heard that Bai Ruo's background seems to be somewhat powerful……

"Xiao Yan, give it up. You killed Wu Huan and it is an unforgivable crime. You can't blame me for resisting." Murray put his hands behind his back, looked up at the sky, and said loudly.

"Hahaha, Wucheng is really so powerful, but if you want to arrest me, these few people are..."

"Not enough!"

The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth twitched and he sneered, his eyes slowly swept around, looking for a good opportunity to solve it, but after a while, he gave up this extravagant hope in disappointment. In terms of experience, they are far more than him. There are almost no flaws in the defense. The momentum that fills the sky even presses his height to a limit.

Looking at Xiao Yan who was mocking his words, Murray's face trembled and he let out a slow sigh of relief. He stopped talking nonsense at the moment, and slammed his palm down, shouting in a deep voice, "Grab him!"

The figure of the three elders of the Mu family was suspended in the sky, and the majestic fighting qi filled the sky and the earth, and even the space appeared a little turbulent.

Feeling the feeling of immense power that echoes the energy of heaven and earth in the body, an incomparable confidence surged out in the heart of the three old men, and in an instant, the hesitation caused by Xiao Yan's unusual behavior was suppressed.

"A four-star Dou Emperor? Just look at my peak strength as a three-star Dou Emperor." Xiao Yan also looked at the Mu family's three elders in the sky, and then a strong fighting spirit permeated out.

"Haha, Xiao Yan, I will let you know today that the dignified imperial pharmacist is just a joke." An elder with a scar on his left eye flashed bloodthirsty in the eyes of the Mu family's three elders, and laughed loudly.

Looking at the scarred elder who was looking up to the sky and laughing madly, Xiao Yan shook his head, his handprint moved slightly, and chuckled: "I Xiao Yan can kill Wu Huan, which makes you all jealous, and naturally I can also destroy you. "

"It's just a bunch of lackeys from Wucheng." Xiao Yan also knew that the Mu family had decided to arrest him for martial arts, so he didn't explain it.

Strength is often more descriptive!

"Xiao Yan!" Murray was obviously annoyed by Xiao Yan's words, but what Xiao Yan said was true. The Mu family's role in Wucheng was like a thug.

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!"

As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan's handprint suddenly changed, and he uttered a low voice in his heart, and as the low voice fell, the milky white flames in his body quickly spun strangely along the meridians, bursts of violent power. Immediately, it spread out, filling every corner of Xiao Yan's body.

Now Xiao Yan's true strength should be around the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, but with the mystery of Fen Jue and the more tyrannical body of the three-star Dou Emperor's peak, his combat power is comparable to that of three-star or even four-star. The Dou Di powerhouse is not too much to give up, plus the increase of the three mysterious transformations of Tianhuo, even the three elders of the Mu family in front of him can fight. If you add those powerful fighting skills and strange fires The effect is enough to rival the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Di.

Looking at Xiao Yan whose aura suddenly surged, the three elders of the Mu family were stunned at first, and then all shook their heads in disdain in their hearts. Could this be his arrogant reliance?

"If this is your trump card, then the three old masters have to tell you that today, as an imperial pharmacist, you will lose everything in front of so many people from Qingcheng." Elder Scar sneered, with a subtle tone in his voice. Threat meaning.

Ignoring the other party's sneer, Xiao Yan clenched his hand, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire swept out. The heavy ruler swiped lightly at will, causing a sharp sound of breaking wind.

The heavy ruler suddenly froze, and a silver light suddenly appeared on the soles of Xiao Yan's feet. Immediately, a subtle thunder sounded out, and its body shape suddenly turned into a black line, swept out violently!

Seeing Xiao Yan's speed, the three elders of the Mu family were a little surprised Immediately, they all laughed coldly. Fire attack blocked.

The bloodthirsty eyes looked at Xiao Yan who was plundering, the blood light in the scarred elder's eyes rioted, his fist clenched suddenly, the blood light condensed, and immediately smashed towards Xiao Yan without pretentiousness.

This punch doesn't seem to be very cunning, but some are extremely heavy, and under this terrible force, even the surrounding space is distorted, and the pervading air is directly concave. An invisible arc formed, and an invisible air cannon formed above its fist, with a piercing sound resounding through the sky. Woo sounded.

Facing Elder Scar's opening attack, Xiao Yan's expression did not change, his body vindictive energy also roared through the meridians like a flood, with his palm tightly gripping the handle of the ruler, a rich milky-white flame gushed out quickly, and The heavy ruler was wrapped as much as possible, and immediately, the double grasped ruler, also without the slightest evasion, directly slammed down the blood-colored fist of the scarred elder.

"Chong!"

At the moment when the two were fighting, a loud sound of gold and iron clashing suddenly came out, and it reverberated in the ears of countless people below. Some of the weaker people felt a tingling in their eardrums.

In the sky, where they meet, the vigorous energy ripples spread out like water waves in all directions, and the two figures, as soon as they touch each other, suddenly retreat.

The surging power from the heavy ruler made Xiao Yan's palm numb. The power of the scarred elder on the opposite side was somewhat beyond his expectations, but the other side seemed to be too much.

Second shift!