Chapter Vol 4 1091: Life and death lotus, cut off life and death!

"Damn guy!"

"Such a crazy move will only make me cheap in the end!" Seeing Xiao Yan's crazy approach, King Xuanling's palm was dragging high, no matter what, he had to wipe out these people with one blow. Otherwise, the black energy that was fighting against Xuan Cang would be quite mysterious, making King Xuan Ling faintly uneasy.

"King Xuanling, where are you running!" Looking at several other battles, King Xuanling's subordinates were all pinned down by the opponent, and King Xuanling couldn't call up other powerhouses. He could only contain destruction attacks while Escape from Yueru's attack range.

"This guy, still likes to show his strength so much." Seeing Xiao Yan's desperate appearance, Cai Lin couldn't help shaking her head slightly.

"Holy Flame Crystal, drop it off for me!"

"The source of holy flame!" After a short while, Xiao Yan's voice burst out!

"Crash!" As Xiao Yan roared like this, the khaki-yellow Holy Flame Crystal and the cyan Holy Flame Crystal disappeared immediately, leaving two pools of crystal clear liquid on Xiao Yan's hands.

The two pools of liquid instantly turned into two groups of flames. The cyan flame and the khaki flame just emerged, which immediately vented a rather eerie feeling to the sky and even the air here.

"Whether it's successful or not, it's up to this time." Xiao Yan held the two flames tightly with both hands, and then said with a little trembling.

As soon as the voice fell, the flame seeds from the source of the two groups of holy flames began to fuse.

"Boom!" The cyan flame and the khaki flame just came into contact, and a muffled groan sounded directly from the center of the two!

At this time, with the muffled groan produced by such flames, Xiao Yan's hands were also ripped apart. Even if there was some protection from Xiao Yan's body burning duels and fighting qi, a trace of scarlet blood was still flowing slowly, quite a bit. for bloody.

Xiao Yan's expression was still extremely calm, because he knew that the fusion of holy flames was not as simple as fusion of different fires. He forcibly endured the severe pain from the palm of his hand. There was actually a trace that was directly strung into Xiao Yan's pupils!

Between the cyan pupils and the khaki pupils, an extremely terrifying wave slowly radiated out, and the two colors alternated constantly, which seemed quite strange.

"Crash!" The two flames in the palm of the hand are still difficult to ride a tiger, but Xiao Yan is also gritted his teeth and stubborn, regardless of how the two flames are repelled, how to generate a huge force to resist himself, his hands are stubbornly facing each other. Gather in the middle!

At this time, the cyan flame and the khaki flame above Xiao Yan's palm were only five centimeters apart, so they could be completely merged.

However, the distance of five centimeters made it difficult for Xiao Yan to move forward. Only by mobilizing every cell in his body, without a trace of soul power or even fighting spirit, could he be able to advance a little bit slowly.

King Xuanling was dealing with Yueru, and his eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan, who was like a madman. He was also a little curious. If Xiao Yan's attack was really successful, then I am afraid that there will be no one in the past and no one in the future!

Moreover, King Xuanling also has the confidence to win the battle today!

Not only did Mu Yingying and Yan Chi want to swallow the two holy flames, but they even coveted the two holy flames on Xiao Yan's body. Now that Xiao Yan has made such a crazy scene again, Xuanling King is naturally curious, so he is ready to watch Let's see what's going on first!

"Hurry up... there's not enough time!" Seeing that Yueru's breath in the sky was getting weaker and weaker, Xiao Yan couldn't help but shout!

"Pfft!" Finally, under Xiao Yan's hard support, the cyan flame and the khaki flame suddenly collided without any obstacle!

"Sisi!" With the complete elimination of the obstacle, traces of blood continued to overflow from Xiao Yan's palm. Obviously, Xiao Yan wasted a lot of energy in order to make the two flames touch without gaps.

The second group of flames had just touched, and they were ready to fight back, but Xiao Yan's body was burning with a trace of vindictiveness directly on it. At that time, the backlash was temporarily suppressed, and then it began to slowly compress!

"Bang bang bang!" A muffled groan came directly from Xiao Yan's chest. Obviously, even now that the holy flame has begun to merge, even if it is a bit burning, Xiao Yan wants to completely integrate the power of the two holy flames. Difficulty is not small!

When the cyan flame and the khaki flame were compressed, every time the power of the two reached the zero point, a backlash would be sent out, and Xiao Yan’s blood was directly gushed out, but the two merged out. The evil power has become more violent.

And even if this is the case, Xiao Yan still ignores it and continues to compress the power of the two holy flames.

"Xiao Yan, dissipate quickly, go on like this..."

"You will die!" As a holy flame, Mu Yingying naturally felt the rebelliousness of the two holy flames in Xiao Yan's fusion. If it goes on like this, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will really explode and die!

"Trust him." Seeing Mu Yingying in such a hurry, Cai Lin said a little.

"Bang bang bang!" Several muffled hums sounded again, Xiao Yan's aura in the body was weakening, and even his face became pale.

"It should be enough!" Although Xiao Yan had been enduring the backlash from his body, at this moment, in the palm of his hand, the two flames slowly merged into one, one exuding a blue-yellow color. Delicate lotus seeds slowly appeared in front of everyone.

"Come out... The Lotus of Life and Death!" Without listening to anyone's words, the high concentration of soul power almost roared at the thing above his palm.

Following Xiao Yan's heart-wrenching roar, at this moment the entire altar above the sky and the earth were darkened, and the breeze seemed to be shocked by Xiao Yan's terrifying blow and temporarily forgot to flow.

Looking at the beautiful blue-yellow lotus seeds on his palm, Xiao Yan didn't stop, there was a trace of fire in his pupils, and then the fingertips, with a touch of fighting qi, suddenly moved, and immediately poured all the green-yellow lotus seeds into it!

And that grudge was born from Fen Jue!

With the injection of Fen Duel's fighting spirit, the originally quiet green and yellow lotus seeds suddenly rioted The two-color cyan and khaki flames slowly appeared, and then slowly danced beside the cyan lotus seeds!

"Hahaha!"

"King Xuanling, let you have a taste of this great gift!" And Xiao Yan looked at the green and yellow lotus seed, which was catalyzed by his own burning duel, and was extremely violent, directly facing the position of King Xuanling, and threw it viciously. !

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Outside the lotus of life and death, cyan and khaki two-color flames slowly surrounded it, and shot towards the Xuanling King at a rapid speed, and there were no spatial ripples or even fluctuations anywhere along the way!

But it was this understatement that made the Xuanling King, who was still invincible, go crazy, and even the cold hairs in his body instantly stood up.

The Lotus of Life and Death, with the source power of two holy flames, shrank violently when it was fifty meters away from King Xuanling, and then suddenly expanded!

At that time, a sound of explosion that moved the heavens and the earth, from the altar sky, resounded through the sky!

"Boom!" Destructive energy, like a tide, spread out from the sky where the Xuanling King was!

Even some huge peaks around the altar were directly destroyed by this destructive force and became nothingness!

And the mysterious enchantment of the evil queen and the ghostly energy that wrapped the altar was completely turned into powder by Xiao Yan's blow!

Without the enchantment package, everything that happened on the altar was also brought into the sight of countless humans in Xuantian!