Chapter Vol 4 2158: The new endless fire domain!

A month later.

The next day, the warm sunshine scattered over the soil of the entire earth. Dozens of super sects and ancient races on the Douyun Continent took the lead, and the big figures representing their respective forces hurried out early in the morning and headed towards the Holy See Holy City. And go.

In addition, the other three continents above the Doudi Continent also have several powerful people with good identities and positions to go to the Holy See Holy City. Of course, in addition to the Douyun Continent, the other three continents are above. The powerhouses are almost all under the command of the Endless Fire Territory.

Some ordinary people couldn't help but look up and see the looming big figures in the endless void, as if they had a hunch in their hearts, and the next Dou Di Continent may have a new pattern.

But no matter who takes the place of the Holy See, it will bring the entire Dou Di Continent back to life.

Furthermore, the Daqian World is constantly fighting in the dark, and it is extremely unsafe. If this huge Doudi Sifang Continent does not have a decent force in charge, it will inevitably be invaded by some other forces that are eyeing for it.

Within a month, all the sect forces recovered their vitality, and after the return of the red-clothed Archbishop Miller and Liu Qing, they relied on the angels to leave the entire Holy See, and then they were moved away from the Dou Di Continent, so the Holy See Holy See. Above the city, there are only empty halls.

At the same time, this place has now evolved into a very tense meeting place.

As for today's theme, I am afraid it is to re-screen out the new hegemonic forces above Doudi Continent and use it as a representative of Doudi Continent.

"The seniors of the seven ancient clans have all arrived."

"Princess Xingchen from Tianxing Continent has also arrived."

"Representatives of the major super sects have also arrived one after another."

In a rather empty conference room inside the holy city, Xiao Yan sat on the top of the table, and Cailin looked around and said, as for Mu Yingying and Xun'er, now one represents the ancient clan, and the other represents the endless fire domain. But rather domineering sitting on the side.

There are about a hundred people in the conference room. These guys are quite fluctuating, and they are all leaders in their respective regions. Being able to enter here is enough to show their status and strength. After all, these guys are now on the Dou Emperor Continent. of all forces.

"Since everyone is here, let's start discussing the business."

Xiao Yan got up and bowed his hands in a humility to many strong men.

Among the hundred people here, apart from Xiao Yan and the three women and a few strong men who are quite young, the rest are middle-aged or old people with high morals, so Xiao Yan's move is essential.

Xiao Yan's etiquette has made these powerhouses feel good about Xiao Yan. In addition, Xiao Yan is rumored to have an affair with the kingdom of angels. This guy with the strength in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals will undoubtedly become the focus of this meeting. .

"I wonder if Brother Xiao Yan has any plans?"

As Xiao Yan jumped into the theme first, a kind-hearted old man in the conference room said with a smile, with a strong sense of pride in his words.

"The super sect of Douyun Continent, the old monster Yun Fusheng of Yunlan Pavilion, and the late Eight Star Dou Xian, are not bad."

Xiao Yan nodded to the old man, and after a while, the words also filled the air, but this late stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals did not pose any threat to Xiao Yan.

The seven ancient clans have acquiesced to the endless fire domain behind them to become the dominant force in the Dou Di Continent. Now this kind of meeting is naturally held to solve some other dissatisfied forces.

However, the ancient seven clans who were as strong as the reincarnation powerhouse did not say much. In Xiao Yan's opinion, it was too self-righteous.

"Although Brother Xiao Yan has a close relationship with the Kingdom of Angels, he is too young, so I propose that such a major event should be conducted by voting."

"Furthermore, among the seven ancient clans, whether it is the seven clan chiefs or the supreme elders of their respective clans, I am afraid they are much more authoritative than Brother Xiao Yan."

"I'm just telling the truth, I hope Brother Xiao Yan will not misunderstand."

At the end of the conversation, Yun Fusheng quickly changed his explanation.

Hearing this, a hundred people quickly looked at it.

In the face of this guy's ridicule and doubts, Xiao Yan said with a calm smile: "The Holy See has been destroyed by us, and the shadow of Dou Di Continent's thousands of years of rule in the Holy See has completely disappeared."

"But due to the special nature of Dou Di Continent and the departure of the Holy See, there must be a powerful force to stand up, otherwise this large piece of land will be invaded by other continents in the human world."

"As for holding such a meeting today, the purpose is also very obvious."

"The seven ancient clans have already agreed with my approach. The younger generation respects that all of you here are elders, so I dare to mention it."

"What?"

Yun Fusheng's heart sank and asked.

"Today is the day when my Endless Fire Territory becomes the new overlord of Doudi Continent. If you don't agree, you can take action against me."

"If I lose to anyone here, Xiao Yan will keep silent about this matter."

"Of course, if you still don't agree after that, then this junior will have to force your entire sect out of Dou Di Continent."

Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and he stared at Yun Fusheng fiercely, which actually caused him to have a burst of fearful heart palpitations.

"This guy!"

Hearing Xiao Yan's arrogant and arrogant voice, the eyes of many strong people present became slightly cold, and they said in a low voice.

"Hehe, don't worry, everyone."

"Xiao Yan means to unite all the forces of our entire Dou Di Continent and put them under the command of the Endless Fire Territory to form a true transcendental force."

"All of you here are also enjoying the resource sharing of Endless Fire Domain help each other when you are in trouble, and Endless Fire Domain will not interfere with your sect location and internal affairs."

"Of course, if you don't agree, I'm afraid you can only use coercion. Please leave the Dou Emperor Continent. After all, from today onwards, this continent will use the Endless Fire Territory as the only external propaganda force."

At the same time, Gu Yuan and other ancient clan chiefs behind Xiao Yan stood up gently and laughed together.

"Since that's the case, let's go under the command of Endless Fire Territory."

"The seven ancient clans, let you be dispatched by the endless fire domain."

"Four Xiangzong, join us together!"

"..."

Looking at the seven ancient clans taking the lead, the powerhouses behind them weighed it, and there was not much hesitation. One after another, the powerhouses expressed their opinions and agreed with the theme of this meeting.

Forming a force was an imminent matter, but what they were most worried about was that the Endless Fire Territory would interfere in the internal affairs of their sect. With Xiao Yan's statement, they were also relieved to join it.

Immediately, this meeting went unexpectedly smoothly. Even if there were a few sects' worries, they were resolved neatly after the respite.

With the injection of the power of these guys, the development of the Endless Fire Territory will grow exponentially. I am afraid that the power of the Endless Fire Territory will approach the Holy See or even surpass the Holy See soon!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: