Chapter Vol 4 1051: 1 wave is not flat, 1 wave rises again!

"These guys in the Xuanling royal family really don't die." Xiao Yan said with a slight sigh as he looked at the two teams of people fighting in the sky.

"Be careful, these people have different degrees of alien aura in their bodies. Although they cover up very well, they have already been infiltrated by the aliens." The Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan's body also said solemnly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan gently agreed, but Xiao Yan didn't notice that on the calm ancient ruler of strange fire, a trace of fiery aura slowly appeared, as if the ancient beast had awakened.

"The strength of these guys... is a little wrong." Looking at the other side of the sky, the ten members of the Dragon-loving Legion, who were arguing with swords, burst out, and White Fang said slowly.

"Qin Tian's strength was originally the pinnacle of Dou Di, but now he has reached a one-star Dou Immortal, while Ye Mo's strength is only a nine-star Dou Di, but he has also reached the half-immortal level. The strengths of the others have also skyrocketed."

"It seems that the collusion between the Xuanling royal family and the foreign evil clan is really deep."

"It's just that there is no definite evidence, otherwise, we must unite the power of the entire Xuan Santian to crusade them!" White Fang said slowly, and his breath also skyrocketed!

Where is the Xuanling Royal Family, there are a one-star Dou Xian, a half-immortal, and eight nine-star Dou-dimensions, while in the Fenxiang Pavilion, there are only two half-immortals, and two nine-star Dou-Emperors!

"The sect competition has been witnessed by many sect disciples. What your Xuanling royal family did, but..."

"Qin Tian, ​​is it true that this emperor is afraid of you?" After a while, circles of black and **** spread out from the sky like ripples on Zhu Jin's body.

"Zhu Jin, this king will not embarrass you, I will only take away the culprit, and leave the rest alone."

"I'll ask you one last time, do you want to be with Xiao Yan!" Qin Tian's body slowly blended black and white, revealing a terrifying force that the world is afraid of, and said slowly to Zhu Jin, but this The power is even stronger than that of Zhu Jin.

"I know why I ask!" Although Zhu Jin looked at the huge number of people in the Xuanling royal family, he didn't show any fear, his aura never weakened, and he was drinking!

"Okay!"

"Since this king was promoted to Dou Xian, I haven't made a full shot. This time, I will let you see the gap between the real Dou Xian strong and your half-immortal strong." Qin Tian heard the words and said immediately, his voice There is a monstrous arrogance in it that can no longer be concealed.

"Tianmang!" When Zhu Jin heard the words, he suddenly took a step forward, followed by a monstrous aura.

"Ugh……"

"Everyone, this is Blood River Town, please..." And when Zhu Jin and Qin Tian were about to start, an old voice drifted out from the sky.

The person here is the guardian of the blood river today, Lu He, the strong immortal warrior!

"Luhe!"

"You'd better not intervene in the affairs of our Xuanling royal family... Otherwise, even if you are fighting immortals, you won't be able to eat well." Seeing this, Qin Tian said with a change of expression.

Although Qin Tian has also stepped into Dou Xian now, compared to Lu He, a powerhouse who has truly stepped into Dou Xian for many years, he is still a little bit worse.

"Hey-hey."

"Qin Tian, ​​the head of the Dragon-loving Legion of the Xuanling Royal Family, I haven't seen him for a long time, and his strength has soared to the level of Dou Xian. It really surprises me..."

"But the words of this fairy are also put here."

"This is Blood River Town. The sect competition is based on strength. If you just rely on this matter, you want to take action against the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion..."

"This immortal is the first not to agree!" And at the end of the sentence, an invisible terrifying force soared directly from his body.

"This **** old guy, relying on his good relationship with Fen Tian, ​​forced his way forward. Sooner or later, you will feel better."

"But fortunately, I have a back-up move." Qin Tian smiled when he heard the words, and then a thin figure slowly appeared in the air of the formation.

And with the appearance of this figure, Xiao Yan's face below was unsightly.

"Damn... it actually left a hidden danger." When Xiao Yan first saw the thin figure in the sky, he knew that Qin Tian's ten people had come prepared.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This skinny figure was one of the people who killed Xuanmu and his group back then. Xiao Yan clearly killed all of them at the beginning, but he didn't expect that he would still be blinded by this guy.

"Big brother...what's the matter?" Xiao Yi also looked at the thrilling scene in the sky, but she suddenly noticed the vindictive aura in Xiao Yan's body and asked.

"Today's matter... I'm afraid it's going to be troublesome." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, he knew that if the news of killing Xuanmu leaked out, I'm afraid Zhu Jin and his party would not be able to protect themselves.

"Let's be adaptable, don't worry, there are us too." The seven people in the Heavenly Palace also knew why Xiao Yan was so worried and said.

"Hopefully..." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said in a deep voice.

If the Xuanling royal family really pushes them, even if they are in danger of falling, they will turn the Xuanling royal family upside down.

"Qin Tian, ​​what are you doing?" Zhu Jin watched Lu He take action, and his heart was slightly calm, but when he saw a figure beside Qin Tian appeared, his heart beat abruptly.

"Let's not talk about the sect competition."

"We have something we want to ask Junior Brother Xiao Yan from Fenxiang Pavilion to agree." Qin Tian finished speaking, a bright smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Say!"

"Who is the guy who killed our Xuanling royal family's third prince, ~!" Qin Tian said slowly to the figure in front of him.

"It's Xiao Yan!" The figure was too frightened and said directly.

"What nonsense!"

"Qin Tian, ​​don't spit on people here."

"Who doesn't know that Xuanmu is surrounded by experts like Yun, Xiao Yan's strength in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, how can he kill him?"

"If you want to find an excuse, you can't find a better one." Zhu Jin heard that, although she was extremely shocked, she still said quietly.

"Hahaha!"

"I expected this to happen at your Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Break me!" At the next moment, Qin Tian seemed to have premeditated, an attack landed directly on the figure, and then the figure turned into bursts of milky white light.

And above that light, a shocking scene slowly replayed in the sky.

"This is……"

"The memory flow back at the cost of giving up one's life... It can perfectly present the truth of the matter..."

"It's troublesome now..." Seeing the replay of Xiao Yan and Xuanmu's group on the milky white light, the figures in the room couldn't help holding their breaths.

"Alas... as expected, there are still some clues left."

"Get ready to work hard." Xiao Yan helplessly shrugged and smiled, and then the aura in his body surged wildly.

.. m.