Chapter Vol 4 1855: Order or extinction?

In the sky, the shocking and epic battle is still going on. Even the countless civilians who have retreated to the underground shelter can smell a breath that makes their scalps numb through the thick earth wall.

Above the void, Mekal hesitated, looking at the indestructible demon armor on Xiao Yan's body, no matter how sacred or tyrannical the breath of the five holy swords was, they could not penetrate its defense.

Mekal glanced around and found that this was an empty and desolate place, and his face couldn't help but look a little indifferent.

Since they are all afraid of themselves, there is no need to protect them.

Well... I was in the same boat as the devil, and I killed the devil and many evildoers in the name of an angel. This crime is not bad. Thinking of this, Mekal laughed, like a flower blooming with the most beautiful smile, but in the smile But it has deep meaning.

After a while, the pure white angel wings behind Mekal suddenly stirred, surrounded by traces of pure white light and sacred flames, he supported his body to swim in the void, and walked towards the location of the demon Xiao Yan.

At the same time, in the blue sky, countless warm white filaments trembled, and a white flame filled his side. Under the white flame, there was a Sanskrit sound that purifies all things in the world, like a delicate brilliance that surpasses the nine heavens, and white flames. The flames enveloped Mekal, soaring her angelic sanctity to its peak.

"Hoohoo!" Seemingly fed up with this family-like battle, Xiao Yan closed his eyes and suddenly opened his eyes, and a arrogant and arrogant demonic breath spread out.

"Pfft!" With a loud voice, the demon armor on Xiao Yan's body made a very clear sound. A trace of dark green liquid was like a fiercely burning demon flame, burning Xiao Yan's body. Immediately, Xiao Yan's hands were covered with countless demon stripes. , stretched out from under the devil's armor, and held one of the five holy swords lightly in one hand.

"Crack!"

"Bang bang bang!" The arm covered with devil stripes seemed to be filled with an aura that was extremely disgusting for the divine aura. In an instant, with the sudden grasp of Xiao Yan's palm, dark green demon blood flowed from Xiao Yan's palm. It overflowed from above, and the five holy flames, one by one, were suddenly shattered by Xiao Yan's actions, and turned into a faint brilliance, which was wiped out by Xiao Mogreen's demonic power.

The arm was wrapped in pieces of demon armor, only on the dark green palm, drops of dark green demon blood dripped from the sky, and below it, also because of Xiao Yan's demon blood dripping, several The mountain quietly exploded and turned into dust, and the aura contained in the explosion was extremely desolate and evil, like a scene of hell, making people shudder.

"The power of the devil... it's nothing more than that."

"If this is all you have, I am afraid that today, you and everyone in the enchantment of light will fall here." Mekal's body is bright, white flames and the angel behind him incite, every step, a circle of ripples Like tidal ripples, it spreads out from under its feet.

The barrier of light at the top of the sky was shaking violently, and it seemed to have a special resonance with Mekal. Suddenly, on the edge of the barrier above the sky, a drop of light the size of a bean had a very strange power, as if The downpour usually falls vertically from the sky!

That feeling is as if the barrier of light is a huge gate, and above the barrier of light is an endless sacred river. The top gate of the enchantment seemed to be opened by Mekal, and the sloping light spot contained a touch of supreme power no less than the five holy swords just now.

"It's still these little tricks..." Seeing this, the demon Xiao Yan suddenly raised his head, and the demon armor around his body erupted with dazzling energy, and a dark green energy enveloped Xiao Yan.

That is a kind of steam, more like a special protective shield obtained by perfectly functioning power. With this layer of evil steam enveloped, Xiao Yan will not be afraid of any bright aura!

"The Dimension of Light!" At this moment, when Xiao Yan's shot turned into a burst of arrows, Mekal laughed, and his high-pitched voice swept the world with a sneer.

The mere mortals are also trying to compete with the angels?

"Crash!" Countless light spots fell from the enchantment of light, and they surrounded Xiao Yan. In an instant, Xiao Yan's body and soul seemed to have fallen into an unknown country!

There, no anger!

Xiao Yan didn't know where he was, but he was the only one, and the whole body was like a magnificent and quiet huge palace. At this time, the gate of the palace was quietly pushed open, and a majestic stream of water composed of sacred light points was venting their upside-down effect. strength.

Xiao Yan's body had just arrived in the palace, and the huge soul power made Xiao Yan clear that he was already in a special area, and this was the combination of space and light attributes.

Obviously, the wandering angel is also a powerhouse of the two attributes that controls the space and light attributes.

"Very good, the use of two attributes means that you are also afraid."

"But you have followed Mar for so long, how can the power of the devil be only this?" Seeing the tide of light suddenly pouring into the magnificent and quiet palace, Xiao Yan's hideous laughter was pierced through the temple. It hurts Mekal's nerves.

How huge is the power of the devil?

Mekal doesn't know.

But since Mekal started to follow the research of Marr's demon, she knew that the word demon probably represents absolute power, which is completely different from the power that Xiao Yan is showing now, and she naturally didn't think much about it, thinking that it was Xiao Yan's demon. The power is incomplete, but Xiao Yan is afraid of the devil's backlash and forcibly suppresses the devil's power. Otherwise, someone like Mekal, who has inherited the devil's will, will die with one blow!

Mekal shook his head. He didn't know why he thought about this when he was fighting. He clearly had the protection of the light attribute, and any soul power and illusion were useless to him. How could this be?

Are you afraid?

He shook his head hard, and temporarily swept away these thoughts. Immediately, the white flames around Mekal turned into bright golden arcs, which came to Xiao Yan's side.

At this moment, Xiao Yan only felt that he was in a temple dedicated to judging demons.

The sanctuary is extremely magnificent, but it has no breath, as if it were a execution ground.

"Just because of this?" Xiao Yan watched the magnificent temple space around him shrink suddenly, and countless white flames and sacred light spots were also approaching him little by little, they seemed to want to devour him!

Moreover, Xiao Yan also knows that although the power of the devil is tyrannical, with Xiao Yan's power, if not for the suppression of the power of the devil by Fen Jue and Di Yanjie, I am afraid that he will really turn into a devil. Unmatched ~ But becoming a demon obviously violated his original intention of cultivation.

However, the only one who dealt with him was a two-winged parade angel, and it was not certain who would kill the deer.

The existence of a different world made Xiao Yan extremely cautious, and the dark green devil armor all over his body also felt the breath of fear, and scenes of evil black mist began to erupt, protecting Xiao Yan.

"Since you want to devour me... then let you devour me!" It seemed that after thinking for a long time, Xiao Yan's pupils were filled with a deep color, and the demonic power around him instantly disintegrated, and he snorted coldly, like a lunatic spread out.

"Not good!" Just as Xiao Yan's voice fell, Mekal's expression finally changed significantly. She stared at Xiao Yan who had been banished to the Temple of Dimensional Judgment.

Because at this time Xiao Yan, the demon armor all over his body has faded, and he is no different from a dead person, but it is this feeling that makes a superpower like Mekal, a touch of horror, permeate it.