Chapter 425: The source of the plague!

"damn it!"

"When I was in the auction, I vaguely felt that it was you, but I didn't expect that it was really you from the Wanpo Sect!" The barefooted woman also moved her lips slightly.

"Susu... people from the Poison Sect."

"Although the overall strength of the Poison Sect is stronger than our Ten Thousand Poison Sect, you are the only one here."

"Are Huo Qidan and Jiuyin Demon Insect on you?"

"Hand over it as soon as possible to avoid suffering some flesh and blood." The poisonous old monster also appeared directly on the path in the middle of the forest, blocking the barefoot woman's way.

"I don't have those things on me." The barefoot woman also smiled slightly.

"But your Wanpo Religion is really brave. If our Sect Master knows about this, then when our Sect Master arrives, your Wan Po Religion can't bear the anger of our Sect Master!" The unpredictable old man didn't look flustered at all, and then Mei Mu looked around slightly, obviously thinking about something.

The place where the two of them are located is a dense forest outside Xuanling City. The vegetation is lush, and there are many trees in the sky blocking the view. If you want to escape, you can use these towering trees. Extremely easy.

With a plan in mind, the barefoot woman didn't hesitate, her beautiful eyes turned slightly, and then she looked for an opportunity to escape!

"Don't look at it, I'm the only one here, but... I'm enough to deal with you alone." The poisonous old monster seemed to realize the woman's intention to try to escape, and immediately said it.

"Oh, is that so?" The barefooted woman in the blue dress also snorted, and her breath soared!

The strength of the six-star Doudi level is undoubtedly on display!

With the appearance of this terrifying aura, the barefooted woman's jade hand instantly lifted, and at the same time, a green battle qi appeared out of thin air, and then directly attacked the old monster!

This green fighting spirit is also strange, and it seems that there is some terrifying power mixed with it!

Because when this green fighting qi training first appeared, the trees around the woman were all dying!

That green battle qi training contained violent poison and slashed at the old poisonous monster viciously!

“Shabu Shabu!”

"Vulnerable!" Facing this barefooted woman's six-star Dou Di-level attack, the poisonous old monster did not do any defense.

Just when the green fighting spirit was about to attack the poison old monster, the body of the poison old monster that was covered by the black cloak also wriggled quickly. emerge!

Taking a closer look, it is astonishing that there are some extremely small bugs in the body of the poisonous old monster that flew out instantly, and then stayed in front of him, and then those small insects seemed to form a natural barrier in front of the poisonous old monster!

"Shabu Shabu!" The green fighting spirit slammed into the mysterious bug of the poisonous old monster, and a harsh sound suddenly sounded.

With the sound of this harsh voice, the momentum of those tiny insects did not diminish at all, but the fighting spirit of the barefoot woman disappeared instantly!

"This poisonous insect doesn't seem to be simple... It can directly devour the poisonous Dou Qi of the six-star Dou Emperor level of the poison sect woman." Beneath a rock, Xiao Yan also thoughtfully said, obviously Such a terrifying thing, even Xiao Yan saw it for the first time, and was immediately a little surprised.

"These poisonous insects raised by the poisonous old monster of the Ten Thousand Poison Sect are truly terrifying!" Mu Feng also said softly.

That barefooted woman was also a six-star Dou Di-level powerhouse. Although it was a casual blow, she was broken by the old poisonous monster, which undoubtedly explained the gap between the two.

"This thing is a bit like the source of the plague of their Wanpo Sect!" The green flute on the side is also staring at the tiny bugs in front of the poison old monster!

Xiao Yan and the other five, if they want to use poison, I am afraid it is only the green flute. After all, this green flute belongs to the Medusa snake people. The poison that comes from the bones is still not acceptable. obliterated.

"The source of the plague?" Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"The source of the plague, it is said that this kind of thing was extremely rare in ancient times."

"The reason they are scarce is that the food is so scarce that the species cannot survive."

"However...the source of the plague is well-known. It is said that in ancient times, a poison master used his own nine-star fighting emperor's strength to forcibly defeated the sect guarded by two fighting immortals!"

"At that time, the strength of the poison master Jiuxing Doudi was not enough to mention, but he just relied on the power of the source of the plague to slaughter an entire sect!"

"The dangerous name of the source of the plague has also spread from that time." The green flute is also a little serious. The appearance of the source of the plague made the green flute feel a little uneasy.

"And the most terrifying thing about this source of plague... is that it is impossible to prevent!"

"In other words, the source of the plague can't stop its progress, whether it's fighting qi defense or soul defense."

"Once it is entered into the body, it is also a very troublesome thing, at least I don't know how to get rid of it." The green flute also looked alert, this plague source insect is not a joke!

"Everyone, be careful!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart sank slightly, and then he increased the power of the souls surrounding the five people.

"Hey... that seems to be one more person..." Xiao Yan finished all this, and was just about to set his sights on the forest trail, but suddenly, a tree not far from them suddenly appeared. Above the towering tree, a dark figure appeared slowly, and beside the dark figure, there seemed to be a comatose little girl.

The Poison Sect woman just wanted to test the strength of this old poisonous monster, but she didn't expect this guy to directly pull out such a terrifying thing!

The source of the plague!

This is the best of the deadly poisons!

The invincible poisonous insect!

Even in the dark light of the night, the barefooted woman could slightly feel that the number of the plague source insects in front of her was extremely terrifying!

Just in front of this group, the terror is no less than a thousand!

"Damn it!" The barefooted woman also snorted coldly, and then the eyes in those beautiful eyes became deep. Obviously, the strength of this poisonous old monster, let alone horror, is at the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor or even more powerful!

"Little girl, let's capture it." The poisonous old monster was also afraid that it would change after a while, so he immediately opened his mouth and wanted to fight.

"Giggle, do you want Jiuyin Demon Insect and Fire Qidan so much?" The barefooted woman also smiled strangely in the face of the coercion of the poisonous old monster.

"You?" The poisonous old monster was also surprised, and then the next moment, something suddenly appeared.

"Anyone from the Ten Thousand Poison Religion... This is the periphery of our Xuanling City, you should leave quickly." A rough voice also sounded.

"Eight-star Dou Di?" The poisonous old monster is also worthy of being an old-fashioned generation. Just from this voice, he can hear the strength of this comer.

"Sun Dalong of the Sun Family in Xuanling City." As soon as the voice fell, a large sword fell directly from the sky, and then a figure appeared.

Ask for a ticket!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: