Chapter 327: The way to practice spiritual power!

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also carefully tasted what Zhu Lao said...

"Old Zhu, where is your rank..." The next moment, Xiao Yan seemed to remember something, and hurriedly asked, his pupils became extremely hot.

Since this old Zhu knows so many secrets, his own strength is undoubtedly extremely terrifying!

"Hehe, you kid knows what to say to me."

"But it's okay to tell you."

"My spiritual power has entered the level of a Celestial Master. As for the Dou Formation Master, I have also set foot on the sixth-grade Dou Formation Master." Zhu Lao also smiled slowly, as if he was speaking in bland and unremarkable words. .

"Heavenly Master..."

"After the spiritual power has set foot on the immortal master, it is able to compete with the strong immortal warriors. As for this celestial master who is more powerful than the immortal master..."

"It must be even more terrifying!"

"Sixth rank battle formation master..."

"The strength of the formation displayed by the sixth-rank battle formation master is terrifying and comparable to that of some fighting immortal-level powerhouses!" Xiao Yan was also extremely shocked in his heart.

"Hehe, what, little guy, you're shocked?" Elder Zhu also noticed that Xiao Yan's eyes were a little dull, and he spoke slowly, with some tenderness in his voice.

"Senior..."

"With your spiritual power at the level of a Celestial Master, I am afraid that some ordinary fighting immortals will not be your opponents..." Xiao Yan also spoke with difficulty, because even though Xiao Yan had a high evaluation of Zhu Lao, but now The fact is right in front of you, and it's hard to believe.

There is such a terrifying power hidden in the depleted body of Zhu Lao!

"If you have cultivated your spiritual power to the level of an immortal master, you are qualified to compete with a half-immortal or a powerhouse who has just stepped into the level of fighting immortals..."

"As for the Celestial Master, he also has the qualifications to fight against Immortal Fighters."

"As far as I'm concerned, even if you can't defeat an ordinary one-star or two-star fighting immortal powerhouse, you can still remain invincible." Elder Zhu also thought about it for a while, and then said solemnly.

"The Dou Formation Master is so terrifying..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Obviously Xiao Yan also knew that the strength of the old Zhuo in front of him should still be at the level of Dou Di, at most a 9-star Dou Di strong, Dou Xian strong will definitely not!

But what shocked Xiao Yan the most was the huge spiritual power of Elder Zhu in front of him. With the special occupation of Dou Formation Master and the strength of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, even fighting against a Dou Xian strong Be invincible!

"Hehe, you don't have to be too ambitious, and your future achievements will not be lower than mine." Elder Zhu also comforted Xiao Yan.

"Teacher, I'll have to thank you for taking care of me from now on." Xiao Yan also laughed slowly, until this moment, Xiao Yan was also convinced by the old Zhu in front of him.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also focused his attention on the core inscription of the white divine movement natal life hanging in front of him.

"I think the core inscription of your life is also very strange. Every time I probe his interior, I will be bounced off by a strange force..."

"Although I don't know why, the core inscription of your life gives me the feeling that..."

"It's like the ocean, like a deep abyss, like a prison..." Zhu Lao also stared at the core inscription of the divine life in front of Xiao Yan and slowly scrutinized it.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also frowned, because the condensation of this core inscription is largely from the mysterious scroll old man. Now that old man is also an unknown old man, there is no way to talk about it, but the only thing that is known is the core inscription Just a quarter!

"etc……"

"The core inscription of your life seems to be a little incomplete..." Zhu Lao also shrank his pupils tightly, and then closed his eyes suddenly, at the same time, a huge spiritual force also emerged from Zhu Lao's body in an instant. .

As soon as the spiritual power emerged, it rushed towards Xiao Yan's inscription on the core of his divine life.

The next moment, Zhu Lao's spiritual power also passed through the core inscription of Shen Dong's life.

"No wonder..." Elder Zhu also withdrew his mental strength the next moment, and then smiled slowly.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan was also extremely shocked. Obviously, when Elder Zhu's huge mental power appeared just now, Xiao Yan also found that compared with that mental power, he was as small as an ant!

"The core inscription of your life should be incomplete..." Elder Zhu also said to Xiao Yan.

"When I got this scroll in the ruins, an unknown old man opened up Ni Gong Wan for me, and the core inscription of the divine movement was also given to me by the unknown old man..."

"The nameless old man also said back then that the core inscription of the divine movement is only a quarter..." Xiao Yan also tried his best to recall.

"Hehe, don't worry, none of this is important, and it won't affect your spiritual power cultivation."

"As long as you cultivate well, I will solve these things for you." Elder Zhu also said slowly, with extremely confident pride in his voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The disciple thanked the teacher first." Xiao Yan heard the words and glanced at the elder Zhu in front of him gratefully. Obviously, in terms of the status of the elder Zhu, it seemed that he was a condescending elder to serve as the elder in the Burning Incense Pavilion. .

However, he didn't think too much, because the old man in front of him was also Xiao Yan's teacher, so Xiao Yan didn't care about the teacher's thoughts.

"Take it back."

"Looking at how vague your spiritual power cultivation is, have you mastered the way to cultivate spiritual power?" Old Zhu also frowned, and then he felt the somewhat disordered spiritual power in Xiao Yan's body.

"This……"

"Old Zhu, my spiritual power cultivation is completely a layman. There is no correct way to cultivate spiritual power, so the progress is so slow." Xiao Yan said helplessly, after all, if he had known the cultivation method of spiritual power earlier~www .mtlnovel.com~ With Xiao Yan's temperament, his current mental strength is not weak.

"Hehe, it's no wonder you. After all, there are so few Dou formation masters, even in the entire continent, so very little is known about the cultivation methods of this spiritual power..."

"But I see that your spiritual power has initially entered the level of a formation..."

"You can rely on your own exploration to enter the formation formation, which is enough to show your deep understanding of the Dou formation master." Zhu Lao was also quite relieved.

"Old Zhu, the way to cultivate spiritual power..." Xiao Yan also said.

"The cultivation of spiritual power is different from the cultivation of your pharmacist's soul power, and it is also different from the cultivation of vindictiveness..."

"The cultivation of spiritual power depends on meditation..."

"Or to absorb the essence of the sun and the moon..." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he also put on a rather sophisticated look, and then stared at Xiao Yan tightly.

"meditation?"

"Absorb the essence of the sun and the moon?" Xiao Yan was also the first to hear about the cultivation method of spiritual power, and he was immediately puzzled...

"Okay, let's go here first today, I'll teach you the extra things when we come back from the Xuanling Emperor Pond..."

"Today, our Burning Incense Pavilion seems to have guests." After Lao Zhu finished speaking, the wooden door of the house quietly opened, and then he looked into the distance.

At the same time, there were several uninvited guests outside the Burning Incense Pavilion and Burning Heaven Territory.

Ask for tickets!