Chapter 574: Gorefiend Left Guard's scheming!

"Boom boom boom!" In the desert mountain range at this time, apart from Snake Punishment, Shan Yao and Shan Ling, the others were quite lively.

The first is Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan tightly holds the ancient ruler full of the power of different fire, and the figure of Long Yi giant dragon also emerges. Although his own strength is only in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, his own unique strength The power of fire, coupled with the mysterious power of flame on Long Yi, also seemed domineering, and then his eyes were fixed on the Gorefiend Left Guard above the sky!

At this time, the Gorefiend Left Guard was covered in blood-red gorefiend energy and wrapped his entire body. As he kept chanting something, extremely **** bugs instantly emerged from the blood-colored gorefiend energy, and then Directly attached to the body of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

As these blood-colored bugs attached to the Gorefiend Left Guard, the aura of the Gorefiend Left Guard quickly became stronger. In a short period of time, it made everyone feel unreachable!

As for Immortal Master Crazy Wood, his eyes were slightly closed, and a soul force from his heart continuously condensed from his body, turning it into a dazzling silver light!

Yan, the power of the khaki holy flame burst out instantly, and then turned into a terrifying aura that shook the world!

"Immortal Master Madwood, do you think Ben Guard will be fooled by the same trick?" A frivolous voice burst out from the Gorefiend Left Guard whose complexion became cloudy.

"Whether it backfires or falls, you'll know after trying it." Immortal Madwood also knew that this Gorefiend Left Guard was extremely powerful, and the blood demon energy in his body was extremely difficult to deal with, but the soul that Immortal Madwood was using now With the power of Yan's holy flame added to the attack, it shouldn't be difficult to seal the Gorefiend Left Guard again.

But the seal is a seal after all, and the seal will eventually be torn apart with the passage of time, which will bring about even greater disasters, so at this time, Immortal Master Mad Wood has a trace of determination in his pupils, he knows that , If you don't completely eliminate this Gorefiend Left Guard today, I'm afraid that in the future these Xuan three days will be ruined again!

"Senior!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but tremble in his heart. The strength of this Gorefiend Left Guard is too terrifying, even if Xiao Yan is blessed with so many different fire powers, he feels extremely troublesome.

Because when facing the Gorefiend Left Guard, Xiao Yan felt the dignified evil aura from this extraterritorial evil clan.

Even if they were far apart, Xiao Yan could feel the horror of the blood demon qi on the left guard of the Gorefiend. If he got a little bit of it at will, I'm afraid that blood demon qi would be deadly!

Even Xiao Yan, relying on his huge soul power, discovered that the **** little bugs on the Gorefiend Left Guard were actually the source of evil that contained extremely evil power!

"Don't worry, you just need to help us at the critical moment..."

"Retreat, this battle is not something you can handle, you just need to do this..." Immortal Master Madwood's huge soul power communicated with Xiao Yan.

"Senior righteousness!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his whole body trembled, and he was very impressed by what this Crazy Wood Immortal Master just said, because he knew that this Crazy Wood Immortal was willing to sacrifice his life for justice.

"Gorefiend Left Guard, today, let's sum up our thousands of years of grievances." Immortal Master Madwood had been brewing for a long time, and immediately drank it suddenly, and the breath of his whole body increased to the extreme!

"Humph!"

"You old and immortal guy, if you belonged to our Gorefiend clan, how would you be reduced to extinction? What happened today is due to your wrong choice." The Gorefiend Left Guard's voice was full of ruthless ridicule.

"Yeah...but today...you will die!" A roar full of anger suddenly appeared from Immortal Master Madwood.

The next moment, Immortal Master Crazy Wood burst out with a cyan vindictive energy!

"Boom boom boom!" The cyan vindictive energy just burst out, and suddenly, in the top layer of this desert mountain range, countless trees grew wildly, and in a short time, the top layer of this desert mountain range was covered.

"Damn, come again!" The Gorefiend Left Guard said solemnly, and then the body floating in the sky moved at high speed!

"Give it up, with my wood world, you can't escape from the top of this desert mountain range." Immortal Master Mad Wood smiled slightly.

"Bastard!" Gorefiend Left Guard couldn't help but cursed secretly.

"Shabu Shabu!" A beam of blood-colored energy containing monstrous evil power instantly attacked Immortal Master Madwood!

"Wood!" Immortal Master Crazy Wood said in his heart upon seeing this.

The next moment, the evil beam of light that was about to attack Immortal Master Madwood was instantly blocked by a huge tree!

"Bang bang bang!" The evil beam of light collided with the huge tree, and the power of the two exploded in an instant, causing a sky full of dust!

"This Crazy Wood Immortal Master is really going to work hard, and he has even used the wood world and all the soul power... And this Crazy Wood Immortal Master also knows that he can't really kill me with the current one, so this crazy wood Immortal Master also knows that he can't really kill me. Immortal Master Mu should be delaying time, the real ultimate move is the power of the holy flame on that rock..."

"Once the power of the holy flame on this rock is finished, I'm afraid my end won't be much better..."

"Moreover, the other two subordinates who followed me to invade the desert mountain range had their breaths slightly sunk. Did something happen to them?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"No, I have to prepare in advance. I always feel that apart from the power of holy flame on this rock, there is something else threatening my existence..." After the blood demon left guard said, he fled in an instant, and then the body, A trace of purple-gold light beams kept violently upside down in his body, and that appearance was clearly calling for something!

beyond the far-flung world.

Here, it is already a Dead Sea, and the stormy sea water is constantly beating on the shore.

On that shore, countless human corpses were strewn all over, dripping with blood. A small river made of blood actually stained the ocean into blood, extremely bloody!

Standing among these dead figures, a thin figure slowly appeared.

It was a figure whose whole body was covered by a blood-colored mist. The aura around his body was extremely flat, without any improvement, but it was often like this, but compared to that Crazy Wood Immortal Master, he was undoubtedly much stronger.

"what……"

"The call of the Gorefiend Left Guard?"

"This kid seems to have invaded some Xuanling Continent before Why is he asking me for help now?"

"Well, although I can't go directly to those upper planes to be discovered by the humans there, a projection of a clone might be enough to pull him back..."

"After all, this guy is also the second-in-command of my blood demon clan." A voice slowly came from the blood-colored fog.

If Immortal Master Madwood was here, he would definitely recognize that this is the supreme ruler of the Gorefiends!

Blood Demon!

This is an evil person who is mainly slaughter, supplemented by bloodthirsty, and countless powerful people in the world want to kill him!

Just when the Gorefiend was about to leave, among the thousands of human beings who had already fallen, a figure suddenly burst out, and then a silver sword suddenly appeared in the palm of his hand. Make the body!

"Devil!"

"Go to hell!" After the only remaining figure finished speaking, he also knew his fate. He immediately shouted, blew away, and tried to pull the blood demon to fall together!

"Humph!" A cold hum came from under the Gorefiend's fog, and then the silver sword melted instantly. As for the self-destruction that was so close, it was also swallowed by the Gorefiend's blood demon energy!

"Human... It's really delicious." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, he casually glanced at the place where there were already corpses all over the place, and then suddenly raised his head, an extremely terrifying evil aura reached the sky!

Ask for a ticket?