Chapter Vol 4 1030: Kill the **** sky!

"That's not necessarily true." Xiao Yan immediately laughed when he heard Xuetian's evil voice.

"The beam of fairy silk and vine array, give me the town!" After a while, Xiao Yan said directly.

As soon as the words fell, incomparably large cyan vines emerged from the dark sky, and on top of the vines, Xiao Yan added a huge power of holy flame.

"Although your formation is strong, it's futile to find me."

"Next, I'll show you the power of our Blood Demon clan's formation!" Xue Tian's voice was full of contempt.

And just as Xuetian's voice fell, there was a wailing in the entire space, which was quite miserable.

"I found it!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils finally, with the help of spiritual power, locked a certain point in this space where Xue Tian had just spoken, and said.

"Go!" As soon as he opened his pupils, he immediately controlled the incomparably huge vines and blasted away.

"Boom!" In the dark and evil space, the cyan vines wrapped by Xiao Yan's holy flame's power just attacked that mysterious place, and immediately a trace of scarlet blood flowed out.

"Good boy...but..." After being hit so hard, the aura of the **** sky became weaker, and then he stopped hiding and appeared directly.

It's just that Xue Tian was no longer human at this time, his body was enveloped by a black evil aura, and on that hand, a red light slowly appeared.

"Although I don't know what that red light is, it's very dangerous."

"You mustn't let him take action." At this moment, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, apparently sensing an extremely dangerous smell.

"Xiao Yan, I have to admit that you are very strong, but that's the end of it." After Xuetian finished speaking, a sinister laughter suddenly came out, and then a violent commotion came out of his body.

"Xuetian...what do you want to do?" said the last remaining will of the Xuanling royal family in Xuetian's body.

"Tiangan... This is the end of the matter, so you can go on at ease."

"Your three brothers are already waiting for you below, so it won't be long for your eldest brother to stay here, right?" Xue Tian said savagely.

"asshole!"

"You can't trust the evil people outside the realm!" Tiangan heard the words and was furious. He just wanted to exclude all the power of Xuetian, but he found out that at this time, whether it was soul or body, he was surrounded by Xuetian. close to assimilation.

"Hahaha, a joke!"

"If it weren't for our four envoys, I'm afraid your Xuanling royal family would not have what they are today... So you can have today, thank us."

"The power of our alien clan is not so easy to obtain. Since we have already tried the sweetness... let's return it all!" After Xuetian finished speaking, he ignored the three seven twenty one, stretched out his **** arm, and swarmed directly. into the heart of the body.

The knife fell in his hand, without any hesitation, a strong beating heart appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

"It's really despicable..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say when he saw this.

Although the Xuanling Royal Family's Four Heavenly Congregations and their Burning Incense Pavilion have a deep relationship, they have not yet really fought against Xiao Yan, and they have been completely wiped out by the Gorefiends.

"Blood array diagram, bloodthirsty array!" After Xuetian finished speaking, he directly crushed the heart, and then a violent commotion came out from his body. Suddenly, the entire space exuded some extremely evil intentions. of blood.

"Gulugulu!" Scarlet bubbles slowly emerged from the blood-colored space, but the blood-colored gas was like a poison that erodes the mind, and it was extraordinarily enchanting.

"It seems that the Immortal Silk Vine Formation can't deal with this blood formation map..." Xiao Yan saw that so much blood-colored gas suddenly appeared in this space, and immediately put away the formation and the core inscription of life, shook his head and said.

"I have a solution." However, at this moment, Mu Yingying suddenly laughed.

"What's the solution?" Xiao Yan just wanted to condense the power of the two of them to try to break through here. Hearing Mu Yingying's words, he became curious.

"Holy Flame Space." Mu Yingying said a little while watching the blood-colored gas that was condensing around her vigilantly.

"Holy Flame Space?"

"What's the use of this thing?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Hehe, this holy flame space is an extremely powerful place. If it is used properly, it may be enough to kill Xuetian."

"And the blood sky is very strong at this time. Only with the help of the suppression of the holy flame space and the holy flame on our body can we have a chance to survive." Mu Yingying smiled.

"Holy Flame Space!" As soon as Mu Yingying's voice fell, she didn't hesitate, her beautiful eyes closed slightly, and suddenly bursts of blue flames continued to cover her body.

The azure blue flame just appeared, and suddenly the blood-colored gas emerged with a trace of fear, and retreated far away.

"Holy flame space, condense it for me!" Seeing the azure holy flame constantly wrapping up the blood-colored gas, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes suddenly opened, and she snorted softly.

"Not good...it's another holy flame." At this time, Xuetian's complexion couldn't help but change greatly. Obviously, the power produced by the combination of two holy flames is not comparable to ordinary powerhouses.

"Success...success." Mu Yingying's breath became a little weaker when she saw the power of the blue holy flame wrapping all the blood arrays displayed by the blood sky, but she knew that she had already displayed the holy flame space now. , trapping the Blood Array in it.

"This is the source of holy flame... I'll leave the rest to you." After a while, an azure-blue holy flame crystal on Mu Yingying's body slowly fell off her jade hand, and then directly handed it over to Mu Yingying. To Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan originally wanted to refuse, but when he thought that there were still Yanchi and Gorefiend outside, he accepted it.

"What a huge power of holy flame..." Just after receiving Mu Yingying's holy flame crystal, bursts of dazzling blue flames also appeared on Xiao Yan's body.

At this time on Xiao Yan, the azure flame and the khaki flame appeared at the same time. Although the azure flame was extremely repelling Xiao Yan, with Sheng Yanjing in hand, it was obvious that the resistance was not too strict, but Xiao Yan was a little puzzled that , even if he temporarily owns Mu Yingying's holy flame crystal, he still can't know the holy flame information of this girl新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ .còм

However, the azure holy flame was still extremely repelling to Xiao Yan, but fortunately Xiao Yan possessed Fen Jue and suppressed him temporarily.

"Blood Heaven..."

"It's time to end." Xiao Yan didn't have time to think about it, the two Saint Flame Crystals of different colors in his hand slowly exuded an extremely fiery halo, covering Xiao Yan's whole body.

"How can it be……"

"How could it be possible to use the power of two holy flames at the same time..."

"And when Xuetian saw the two colors of holy flames emanating from Xiao Yan's body at the same time, he immediately lost all his fighting spirit, like a lamb being slaughtered by others."

"Die!" Xiao Yan didn't care about the blood sky at all, the burning art in his body was running at a high speed, and the constant source power in the two holy flame crystals directly turned into two huge beams of light that penetrated the sky and the earth, directly facing the blood sky. shoot away.

"Plop..." Xuetian didn't make any resistance, and was easily penetrated by Xiao Yan's second beam of holy flame light.

The next moment, the evil blood-colored gas also slowly dissipated. As for the **** sky, the moment the soul and the body of the heavenly stem were penetrated by the holy flame beam, it became illusory, and then shattered in a short time. , completely dissipated in this piece of heaven and earth.

"Senior brother, I have already helped you a little bit of revenge for your revenge." Until this time, Xiao Yan's pupils responded with some relief. So far, the four members of the Xuanling royal family, including the four envoys of the Gorefiends, all Fall in the hands of Xiao Yan!

: . :