Chapter 50: Crack the Demon Lotus Fire Dragon Formation!

"Damn it! Where did the **** Xiao Yan go?"

When Xiao Yan and Yueru were just discovered that something was wrong, Wu Huan followed, and he could be regarded as the third person to enter the formation, but it was strange that Wu Huan lost Xiao Yan's breath as soon as he entered the formation. , as if Xiao Yan and the others did not enter the formation at all!

"Put-puff-puff!"

A series of voices fell, and the huge team outside the main hall entered the formation one after another.

"Damn it! We can't get out! There's no way out!" Those who had just entered the formation couldn't help but find the strangeness of the formation.

"Damn!"

"Following Wu Huan, this kid has only one dead end. It's better that we didn't come in at that time!"

"It's just..."

Voices of dissatisfaction continued to appear. Obviously, these powerhouses began to back down at this time.

"Everyone is in a mess, since everyone is here to find this so-called great fortune and treasure, we have now entered this strange formation, and we are already grasshoppers on the same boat. Too much quarrel is meaningless. "

"Why don't we temporarily form an alliance and break the formation?" Wu Huan also looked at these people smartly.

"Since the alliance is formed, someone must take the lead. Who will take the lead?" The living dead also stood up at this moment and snorted coldly. Obviously, the living dead and Wu Huan are also the strength of the late Samsung Dou Di, this living dead is obviously Want to fight.

"Why don't you just let me do it?" Wu Huan also smiled slowly.

Then a terrifying aura came out!

The late Samsung Dou Di!

Many people present looked at this appearance, and could not help but frown slightly, really strong!

Just when the living dead just met and said something, suddenly from the sea of ​​people, a trace of the same breath as the living dead disappeared in an instant, and then the living dead also closed their mouths unwillingly.

"Even he's here..." The living dead trembled slightly. For "him", the living dead were extremely frightened.

"Since all of you are meaningless, then let me be the temporary leader of the alliance." Wu Huan also watched the momentum and took back his own breath.

"Let's go!" Then he said to the crowd.

Many of the people who entered the formation were also powerhouses in the late stage of the Three-Star Dou Di with the same strength, but they did not fight against this martial arts, because they all knew that this temporary fight was meaningless.

Everyone in the formation looked at this scene extremely nervously, and they could all see that the huge fire dragon in the sky seemed to contain a strong murderous intent.

"Fire Killing Palm!"

At this moment, the vindictive energy in Wu Huan's body was fully revolving, and the firelight and the black wind expanded by hundreds of meters in the ferocious mouth. In the next instant, his roar full of murderous intent suddenly resounded.

Now that he has become the leader of the alliance, he must take the lead, and then he can only bear the brunt of Wu Huan to deal with this huge fire dragon.

Boom!

The sky inside the formation seemed to tremble for a moment at this moment, and then everyone behind Wu Huan saw two fire dragons and black wind dragons roaring out of Wu Huan's palm.

The two giant dragons soared into the sky, intertwined with each other, the two dragons converged, the fire borrowed the wind, and the violent fighting spirit also expanded at an astonishing speed, extremely terrifying.

People with discerning eyes know that this martial arts uses the palm as an attack and turns it into a dragon-shaped fighting spirit. On the other hand, it is staring at these people who have just formed an alliance, because the martial arts is also clear, and it is really difficult to let these things in front of you without any means. People are convinced.

Such an offensive is basically not considered the strongest means of martial arts!

Everyone stared at the pair of dragons with shocking eyes. They were carrying extremely powerful vindictiveness, and they charged straight at the monster black lotus in the sky, leaving a long tail of light behind them. .

The bewitching black lotus, the last lotus petal, also slowly bloomed at this time.

The dark light, like the darkness that erodes the earth, quickly gathered in the center of the black lotus, and inside the lotus, it seemed that a black liquid was dripping down.

The deep dark light suddenly became powerful at this time.

Huh!

Everyone could see that the monster black lotus trembled violently at this moment, and a black light beam with a size of 100 meters burst out silently from the black lotus.

This black light beam doesn't seem to be too violent, it is like a black thunder that falls from the sky, swept across the sky, and then, under the gazes of many nervous eyes, with the fierce roaring wind and fire double dragon, right bumped together.

Boom!

A gigantic Dou Qi light wave of nearly a thousand feet spread out from the place where they met, and the space within the entire formation seemed to tremble at this moment.

Roar!

The two dragons roared and charged with all their might, and waves of violent and incomparable fighting spirit pervaded crazily, trying to disperse the falling black thunder, but what was shocking was that no matter how the two dragons galloped, the black The beams are all motionless, like a pillar of optimism running through the heavens and the earth, and cannot be shaken.

Wu Huan watched this scene, and the unease in his eyes became much stronger. Although the black beam didn't have any amazing momentum, it made him feel chills in his heart.

In the distance, Feng Yi looked at the confrontation in the sky calmly, and then moved her fingers lightly, only to see the black lotus in the air smashed apart at this moment, and then turned into a black liquid, blending into it. into the black beam.

"Wind and Thunder Fingers!"

Huh!

With Feng Yi's shot, the black lotus dissipated, and the surface of the black light beam seemed to have a huge black lotus light pattern emerging, and then the long-hidden figure was finally exposed at this time.

A deep, dark light erupted from the beam, and the demon lotus, also made a mournful whine at this time, and then countless people were a little horrified to see it, the two dragons of wind and fire. As the demon lotus with flaws roared away mercilessly, the demon lotus actually had cracks appearing under the attack of the two dragons.

Wu Huan's pupils also suddenly tightened at this moment.

Boom!

An earth-shattering voice resounded, and the black beam of the demon lotus was penetrated by the wind and fire double dragon, and was actually pierced by the wind and fire double dragon.

Wu Huan roared in horror, he also did not expect this seemingly inconspicuous Feng Yi to be so powerful, and then he stimulated the fighting qi in his body, forming a huge spirit outside his body. Power mask.

Boom!

The demon lotus exploded!

The black beam of light, however, ignored it, rushed straight out, and finally shot on the Dou Qi mask.

The black light beam, in that scream, was ejected by Wu Huan's Dou Qi mask, and then hit a mountain in the distance. When the earth shook, the mountain instantly vanished into ashes.

The entire formation was completely silent at this time.

Because they saw that when the demon lotus shattered and emitted a black beam of light, it disappeared completely, and not even the slightest bones were left behind.

In that scene, it was as if he had been evaporated from this world.

The violent vindictive fluctuations in the sky also quickly subsided at this time, and the previous kind of shocking battle seemed to disappear completely.

"Let's go!" Wu Huan also strode forward.

The formation also shattered at this moment, revealing the true face of the hall.

A heavy ruler and a slender woman appeared in front of everyone.

​​