Chapter Vol 4 1564: Save people!

"Shabu Shabu!" The figures of Xiao Yan and the Xue Guard kept traversing this vast territory, and after a while, the Xue Guard slowly spoke.

"What, have you arrived at your destination?" Xiao Yan stopped in a rock and said immediately.

"Sir, this Qingyun Pavilion is supported by a strong man from the underground courtyard, and the subordinates rashly reminded the adults." The blood guard shook his head.

"Don't worry, you can lead the way." Xiao Yan didn't think so. If he used his full strength now, I'm afraid that as long as he didn't encounter a particularly tyrannical powerhouse, he would naturally have the power to fight against some mid-level four-star fighting immortals.

"Sigh." Hearing the words, the blood guard could only give up, and immediately took Xiao Yan towards the destination, but the two were extremely close to the destination.

Zhongyu, barren mountains.

The barren mountains are the largest mountain range in the Central Territory. The terrain here is vast, and it has created a wealth of countless resource and mineral veins. Here, it is also the most fierce competition in the entire Central Territory.

"My lord, the third elder of the Wanhuo Sect took the remaining subordinates and fled towards the interior of the barren mountain. After a while, I am afraid that they will leave the territory of the Wanhuo sect and go to the territories of other forces." At the foot of the mountain , A majestic man with a group of powerful uniformed soldiers slowly stands here.

"Damn Myriad Fire Sect Third Elder, actually want to ruin our good deeds."

"Take the brothers and enter the search. Be sure to find out before he escapes from the territory, otherwise entering the territories of other forces will cause great trouble." The leader also frowned and roared.

These guys are all in military uniforms, and the word Qingyun is engraved behind them. You don't have to think about it, you know that these guys are clearly the subordinates of Qingyun Pavilion.

The leader is named Qingfeng, who is a powerhouse in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian. Among the Qingyun Pavilion, his strength also belongs to the top three existences. This time, he was dispatched together with the Qingyun Pavilion Pavilion Master. Among the sectarian territories, the guardians were completely obliterated.

Another place.

"Third elders, now there are only a few old and weak soldiers left in the brothers. It's not the way to go on like this..."

"When you walk 100 meters, you are in the territory of other forces. Instead of being arrested by the guys from Qingyun Pavilion, it is better to rush into the territory of other forces. If they are kindly rescued, so... let's fight." Another one There, a few sparse figures hidden under the towering ancient trees opened their mouths and said, these people are all injured to varying degrees, the strongest is only a middle-aged man, the strength of the four-star fighting immortal early stage.

Inside this ancient tree in the sky is the place where they guard the crystal veins, but at this time, they were forced to flee to the edge.

"But I'm worried that the second elder will not be able to resist. After all, the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion personally took action." The third elder who took the lead couldn't help but looked at the depths of the crystal veins, where the terrifying energy ripples continued to spread, it was obviously the second elder. He is fighting fiercely with the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion.

"Third elders, let's go first. The only plan for now is to go back and move rescue soldiers." The others said helplessly.

"I can't go back to rescue troops. The sect occupies a dangerous area and is coveted by many forces. If we rush to mobilize our forces, I am afraid that the sect will fall. Once the sect is lost, I am afraid that our situation will be even worse." The third elder said. .

"Hey, so you are here..."

"Don't think about going back to rescue soldiers, I will send you to **** one by one." Just as the bodies of several people were just wriggling and preparing to move, a terrifying figure like a surging river suddenly exploded around the towering ancient trees.

"Not good... Qingfeng and the others are catching up, the three elders go!"

"Swear to protect the third elder!" Several weak figures directly protected the third elder behind him, and then looked around vigilantly.

"Damn... As of now, I'm afraid I have to fight." After a while, the third elder's face became extremely ugly when he noticed the increasingly terrifying cyan hurricane around the towering ancient tree.

Qingfeng, a powerhouse in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian in the Qingyun Pavilion, a master of the first-hand wind attribute cultivation, and a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian who once obliterated the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian. In addition, he is now seriously injured, not to mention that his strength is only just In the early stage of Four Star Fighting Immortals, this is a real danger.

"Third elders, why are you struggling? Originally, you had no less than fifty guards in charge of guarding and patrolling this crystal vein, but they insisted on confronting our Qingyun Pavilion. Now it's fine, only the last few old and weak soldiers are left. , this end..." In the cyan hurricane that completely wrapped the towering ancient tree, along with the extremely dangerous wind attribute hurricane power, there was a contempt.

"Humph."

"Qingfeng, isn't your Qingyun Pavilion just taking advantage of people's danger..."

"When I recover, I will definitely wipe you out." Facing Qingfeng's aggressiveness, the third elder's aura suddenly increased, and he still tried to calm down.

"Go ahead..."

"This is your burial place."

"And don't worry, this crystal vein, our Qingyun Pavilion will help you to protect it, and soon, all the powerhouses of Myriad Fire Sect will go down to accompany you."

"Hahaha!" As soon as the voice fell, the cyan hurricane around the towering ancient tree exuded violent fluctuations, and then under the control of Qingfeng, it instantly shrank, and suddenly attacked the third elder, looking at it, It seems that they want to completely obliterate these people.

"Fire Spirit Snake Shadow!"

"Blast me!" In the face of the tyrannical blow of Qingfeng's four-star Dou Xian mid-term strength, the third elder did not dare to hold back any hands, the dazzling fire attribute soared in an instant, and suddenly formed dozens of energies that were exactly the same as himself. The body suddenly shot away at the cyan hurricane that was blowing in the face.

"Boom!" The terrifying cyan hurricane is extremely destructive just approached the towering ancient tree, and the towering ancient tree was completely wiped out like a broken flower and a willow, but after a while, with the three elders The appearance of dozens of flame energy figures around them slammed into the cyan hurricane.

"Crash!" The cyan hurricane and dozens of energy bodies just collided, and circles containing destructive energy ripples burst out suddenly. After a stalemate between the two, a trace of cyan energy passed through the flame energy, directly facing the The three elders attacked and left.

"Pfft!"

"It seems that the sky is going to kill me... But even if the old man falls, it will definitely not make you feel better." Aware of the attack of this trace of energy, the third elder's eyes flashed coldly, decisively and a trace of bright fluctuations , burst out suddenly.

"Boom!" And just when the third elder fell into a state where the lamp was running out of oil and wanted to explode, a trace of gentle power suddenly nourished his body, and the cyan energy that attacked him was also destroyed by a body. A man with a heavy ruler on his back can easily crack it.

"This guy... Where is the sacred place?" Aware of the sudden scene, the third elder also hurriedly recovered the breath in his body, and immediately stared at the heavy-footed man in front of him, it seemed that he could feel an extreme from this guy. Danger!