Chapter Vol 4 2171: Emperor Yan returns, move my children, die! ...

"It seems that no strong man will take action in a short time."

"So... roll over for this deity!"

After Shunxi was quiet, the evil man's face became hideous, his body turned into a beast, his footsteps stepped on the void, and he swept away towards Xiao Xiao and Xiao Lin. The terrifying evil spirit he carried was like the end of the day, and no one could do it. enemy.

The powerhouse who touches the reincarnation, even if it is because of the limitation of the plane, the strength is not enough to exert 100%, but once the power is exerted, it is enough to destroy the sky and destroy the earth, not to mention the arrival of this guy, but with the help of the foreign evil clan Some evil tools can not only hide their own breath, but also avoid the induction of the strong in the world.

Although the Dou Qi Continent is a low-level plane with poor stability, under the control of the evil man, the energy fluctuations of the attack will not destroy this place.

"Sister, let's go!"

Xiao Lin's expression changed, and he pushed Xiao Xiao out. The lines on the center of his eyebrows bloomed with endless brilliance, as dazzling as a bright moon!

"Blood axe, hunt!"

"Dan Zhi, Tu Tian!"

"Sea of ​​Fire and Clouds!"

Looking at this scene, the hearts of the peak Dou Sheng powerhouses around him shuddered. Against the huge depression, they displayed all the fighting spirit in their bodies without a trace, trying to buy time for the two to escape!

"You brother, you are really naughty."

"If something happens to you, I, the elder sister, won't have the face to see my father and mother kiss them."

"Take the rest of the clan and live well... This is the greatest comfort to my sister."

In the void, the almost ice-cold body swayed slightly, the seductive red lips parted lightly, and there was endless pride on the cheeks that could be called stunning, and no doubts or refutations were allowed.

Between the slender waist and limbs, a colorful snake that was only an inch long stood quietly, and a fierce light appeared above the snake's eyes, like a volcano that was suppressed to the limit, about to spew out endless anger.

"Do not!"

"sister!"

Xiao Lin's pupils shrank violently, and an awe-inspiring sadness emerged, and the heart-piercing roar cut through the sky and went straight to the sky!

Before Xiao Lin and many strong men could react, their bodies were suddenly enveloped by a burst of colorful energy, and they were sent thousands of miles away in the blink of an eye.

"Daddy, you used to protect us and protect this continent."

"Now Xiao Xiao has grown up, so let me do it."

After doing all this, Xiao Xiao's beautiful face showed a trace of relief, and the colorful little snake above his body screamed in the sky.

"Pfft!"

The clouds at the top of the canopy began to change, and streaks of palpitating energy beams fell from the sky. That kind of power was enough to swallow the sky and devour the earth. It was for the real swallowing python.

"Colorful swallowing python?"

"Well, just use your blood as the source of traction to help us draw out the traces of the Xiao Clan."

"The dragon is alive!"

Although the evil man was surprised, this attack could not stop him, and his fierce voice was like the coming of a world destroyer, instantly depriving this world of all life.

There was contempt on the evil man's cheeks, and with a flick of his finger, an extremely dark magic light spurted out.

"Sisi."

The fierce attack was powerful and hit Xiao Xiao's body lightly. Xiao Xiao seemed to be fatally wounded.

"In fact, I prefer people to be alive rather than dead people."

"Let the living witness the **** with their own eyes, and then be pulled out of their blood under their pleadings, deprived of their original power, and even watch the destruction of this world with their own eyes."

"In that way, the damage caused by the Xiao clan to us can be mitigated!"

A single blow disintegrated all of Xiao Xiao's defenses and attacks. Xiao Xiao's slender body was firmly bound by black and red energy shackles. The bumpy figure was even more vividly displayed, but on the skin of his body, a trace of blood was corroded. flow out.

"You devil!!!"

"You can't die!"

"So... send this king to hell!"

Feeling the provocative and hateful words of the evil man, Xiao Xiaomei's eyes had bloodshots surging, her body entangled with demonic energy trembled abruptly, and the colorful snakes around her instantly rushed into the sky, strung into the sky, buzzing thunder and lightning, swallowing the sky. The power of the power has increased the power of the two to the peak!

"Today... no one can save you."

"If you want to blame, you are the root of the Xiao family."

"die!"

Seeing Xiao Xiao's stubborn and ruthless character, even using the seven-colored snake as a guide, the power beyond this world erupted, but the evil man snorted coldly.

The dark palm stretched out, the pitch-black fingers spread out, and an invisible evil force enveloped Xiao Xiao in the void.

"Pfft!"

There was no trace of pity and jade, the evil man's palms shrunk violently into fists, surpassing Xiao Xiao's terrifying power, and shattered the void around him. Attractive skin, swimming towards its body!

That kind of terrifying evil power, I am afraid that in the blink of an eye, it will completely eat away all of Xiao Xiao's life!

Even the terrifying space force brought about by the tight grip of the hand, once dissolved, is enough to shatter Xiao Xiao's body and destroy his body and spirit!

"The colorful swallowing python... bloom!"

Looking at this scene, Xiao Xiao's 3,000 blue silks fell down like a dying queen, without any memory of her life, a colorful halo lingered on her entire body!

Above the sky, the colorful little snake in the cloud swooped down, with a terrifying aura like a broken bamboo, falling down quickly.

But even with this level of power, it can't resist the evil man!

"sister!!!"

"Miss Xiao Xiao!!!"

"Her Majesty the Queen!!!"

Watching this scene, the hearts of countless strong men became awe-inspiring, their noses became sour, and a surge of sourness poured into their hearts unconsciously.

The blood energy spread, instantly shattering the energy shield of Xiao Xiao's protective cover, and scrambling to face the battle center!

Even if their strength was insignificant, they would never allow Xiao Xiao to fall in front of them like this!

To die... let's all die together!

"It's ridiculous!"

The evil man didn't seem to be in a hurry, with a trace of disdain in his eyes, watching this touching scene.

"Bang bang bang!"

The colorful snake was blessed by the power of the clouds in the sky, and its power skyrocketed, constantly waving the colorful beams of light, trying to drive away those evil forces, but no matter what he did, it was devoured by it, distorting Xiao Xiao's space power and evil power. Affected.

"brat."

"Wong buzzing!"

The corners of Xiao Xiao's mouth overflowed with obvious blood. Under the suppression of the power of space and the suppression of evil forces, the body tightened, and a sense of distortion emerged. It seemed that the next moment would completely disappear and turn into dust. .

Xiao Xiao shook his head bitterly and stubbornly, all the power in his body instantly boiled.

"Blow yourself up!"

"With my blood, the blood stains the nine heavens!"

"With my power, all evils will be shaken back."

A mighty voice emerged from Xiao Xiao's mouth Suddenly, bursts of light appeared on the entire body, flickering like fireflies!

"Do not!"

"sister!"

"No!"

Everyone was in chaos, especially Xiao Lin, who had a beautiful face, his pupils shrank tightly, his body moved rapidly, his fingertips were mercilessly embedded in his own flesh and blood, and a heart-piercing pain emerged.

"Wong buzzing."

The two terrifying forces were about to be released, but at the same time, they were suppressed by an inexplicable force, and the evil force of the evil man and the power of space did not brew in the end.

The amber-colored lotus dais are like an indestructible energy light shield, completely shrouding everyone above the sky here!

"Next time, don't do this kind of thing."

All the power in Xiao Xiao's body became quiet, and a long-lost peace of mind emerged involuntarily.

A majestic and warm voice came from the distant sky. Everyone looked down, and Wei Wei could see a rather emaciated black figure running fast.

And the outline, back, and even the breath of this emaciated black shadow seem to be exactly the same as the so-called supreme powerhouse in Dou Qi Continent!

That is... Emperor Yan Xiao Yan!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: