Chapter 294: 5 Bamboo House!

"Let's go." Xiao Yi also said slowly to Xiao Yan.

Obviously, what Mu Xuzi said just now really touched the weakest part of Xiao Yan's heart.

Xiao Yi is already a newborn of twenty-two different types of fire on the Dou Qi Continent, not the original Jinglian Demon Fire Spirit, so since the first strange fire in Xiao Yan's body, every bit of it has been in Xiao Yi's heart. .

So Xiao Yi knew everything about Xiao Yan. After all, the two got along day and night, so they were quite familiar.

Now that Xiao Yi has cultivated into human nature, she is also very clear about Xiao Yan's temperament.

Cailin and Xun'er have been separated since they came to Doudi Continent, and there is also the old Dragon Emperor Zhukun of the Taixu Gulong clan plus his father Gu Yuan, which makes Xiao Yan's heart quite uncomfortable.

The feeling of being separated from relatives is not pleasant.

"It's okay..." Xiao Yan also paused, then came back to his senses and followed.

"Brother, don't worry, no matter what, I have mine, don't be too tired alone." Xiao Yi also slowly followed behind Xiao Yan.

"Hahaha, you kid." Xiao Yan also patted Xiaoyi's shoulder very moved. Obviously, for Xiaoyi, he is a partner that he can absolutely trust. Moreover, Xiaoyi's mysterious identity as a fire elf will be even stronger in the future. powerful.

"Hehe, count me in..." Mu Feng also hurried to Xiao Yan.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also said with a smile, Mu Feng's heart is not bad, and it is extremely worthy of friendship. After all, the method of Yin-Yang gossip that he cultivates, even his master Jin Longwang, who has always been a master and a master, is quite praised.

"And I."

"My name is Mu Yingying, please give me more advice in the future." Mu Yingying obviously didn't know what Xiao Yan was thinking, but she also found out that Xiao Yan was in a trance just now. Not as free as before.

Moreover, Mu Yingying also has some different emotions towards Xiao Yan...

It seems that some want to know the secrets in Xiao Yan's body.

"Okay."

"The four of us joined the Hall of People, and we will take care of each other in the future." Xiao Yan also laughed.

Obviously Xiao Yan also found out, what Mu Yingying just said, some small grievances between the two have been written off. From now on, the four of them are also new disciples of the Hall of Humanity, and they are participating in the point grabbing competition. Therefore, it is also quite suitable to win over the emotions at this time.

After all, when you are away from home, it is the truth that there are multiple friends and multiple paths.

"These little guys..." Mu Xuzi, who was walking in front, also shook his head slowly, and then said quite comfortably.

"Let's go, it's time to go to the Hall of People." Xiao Yan also said, and after speaking, he was the first to catch up with Mu Xuzi.

The five people just walked out of the main hall and walked towards an independent building.

Looking around, it is also a mountain, but its area is very huge, and if you look closely, it is also a few hundred miles away.

On the mountain peaks, there are mostly buildings full of sights in Langya, with accommodation and training places, but when a few people follow Mu Xuzi, the most conspicuous thing is the mountain peak, which spreads out from the endless void. An almost transparent river flowing down through the sky.

The water in the river is blue, I don't know what special power it has, but when I look at it, it makes people feel relaxed and happy.

"This water..." Xiao Yan also quietly exerted his soul power and probed towards the river.

However, when Xiao Yan's huge soul power just touched the river, a comfortable feeling spread throughout his body, making Xiao Yan feel an indescribable comfort.

"What is this, it's so strange..." Mu Feng also discovered the mysterious river of the azure waterfall, and immediately pondered.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This thing..." The voice of the Golden Dragon King in Xiao Yan's body also appeared slowly.

"I can't believe that such a terrifying thing exists in this Burning Incense Pavilion..." The voice of the Golden Dragon King, his master, slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's heart, and then there was a strong sense of shock in the voice, and he stared at Xiao Yan. inflammation.

"Master, what is that..." Xiao Yan also asked his master Jinlong King in his heart.

"Haha, have you seen the blue river in front of you?" His own master, the Golden Dragon King, also laughed.

"Could it be that this river is different?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

"Hey, this river has some mysterious powers..." His own master, the Golden Dragon King, also said quite enviously.

"What power..." Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"Let's talk to you tomorrow, let's have a good rest today." The Golden Dragon King also saw that Xiao Yan was a little tired, and then said.

"This kid's eyes are really sharp..." Mu Xuzi was also quite surprised when he noticed that Xiao Yan and the others were looking at the azure river beside the sky.

But it's no wonder, after all, this river is also conspicuous, can it not be noticed...

"It's here. From now on, this will be your home."

"I believe that you are tired from participating in the selection and traveling. Take a rest today. As for other things, I will tell you in detail tomorrow morning." Mu Xuzi took Xiao Yan and the others to an independent courtyard and spoke slowly. After saying that, he also left here.

Xiao Yan and the others also looked at each other in dismay, never expected that Mu Xuzi would be so good at talking...

However, no one was staying, and walked in towards the courtyard. Since this is their residence in the Burning Incense Pavilion from now on, they should be familiar with the environment first.

The courtyard is not big, but it is very clean and simple. It can be seen that the people in this palace are very loving.

Just when I walked in through the small door, I found that there was a stone platform in the courtyard. There were some tea cups and tea on the stone platform. It was obviously deliberately placed here by someone with a heart.

Beside the stone platform, there is an evening incense, which exudes a tempting fragrance.

"Hey, come over and have a cup of tea." Xiao Yan also walked over first, poured out the tea, greeted a few people, and then slowly took a sip.

"Good tea." Mu Feng also said after tasting the tea.

"It seems that this is our future residence." Mu Feng also looked at it, and said quite satisfied.

Mu Feng could feel that although this courtyard is not big, the emperor energy in it is very huge, how many times larger than the outside world. Living here all the time can also subtly speed up the cultivation speed.

Among the five, there were three men, and Mu Yingying and Ludi also held hands tightly.

"How are we going to allocate the domicile..." Mu Yingying also bit her lip lightly and said slightly.

Obviously, the residences in front of them are independent of each other, but who lives where is another question.

"It's simple, you are women, naturally you will come first." Mu Feng also said slowly.

"Okay." Mu Yingying and Ludi also looked at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, and then walked towards a wooden house in the courtyard.

"It seems that this place is not big or small, there are exactly five separate rooms." Xiao Yan's soul power also told Xiao Yan.

When Mu Yingying and Ludi went to the wooden house, Xiao Yan also found a few small characters on the stone platform.

"Five Bamboo Residence."

"Is it here?" Xiao Yan also asked with interest.

Ask for tickets!

Some places are not water for no reason. Since it is written in detail now, it will definitely be useful later.