Chapter Vol 4 1869: First time in the demon world, Butterfly Valley!

The demon world stands in a unique area. Whether it is the energy of heaven and earth or the stability of space, it is much richer than the outside world. For human beings, it is a unique treasure land.

Almost all the creatures in the demon world are born from some supernatural beings.

In the Great Thousand World, whether it is flowers, plants, trees, or magical beasts, rocks and soil, all creatures with life forms have their own cultivation systems. When they reach a certain level of cultivation, they can choose to survive the catastrophe and greatly increase their own strength. Convert to human beings or ascend from the great world to enter the demon world, enjoy the protection of the demon world, and enjoy the long life exclusive to the supernatural holy spirit.

Nowadays, the demon world is vast, even more complex than the ghost world. The creatures in the demon world also covet the wisdom of human beings. Most of them are mainly in the form of human men and women. Has a real human form and good wisdom, and some are just transformed into a human appearance.

For monster creatures, whether it is a completely transformed human creature or an ordinary illusionary creature, their own body is quite important. Unless it is an extremely important person or when life is at stake, they will not easily expose their own body. After all, For monsters, once their body is exposed, they will be found by enemies or enemies. As for the ghost battle in the monster world, it is undoubtedly more terrifying than other places.

Because the demon world is a special region where everything is determined by force. Generally, although the demon world appears as a human being, because of the power and attributes of its body, under normal circumstances, humans and demon spirits are more powerful than the latter.

For example, a violent bear is a powerful creature among the demon spirits. When combined with the attributes of fire, earth, wood and wind, its power is undoubtedly too tyrannical compared to humans in the human world.

Of course, some spiritual creatures are not ruled out. Although they do not have tyrannical power, they are extremely intelligent and can act as a staff advisor beside the strong, but most of them are still tyrannical creatures.

The demon spirits in the demon world are like humans in the human world. They usually live as human beings. They only use their bodies unless they reproduce or fight to the death. The body of demon spirits has special powers similar to human self-destruction. In addition, demon spirits On the body, the demon pill is like the human heart, and it is the essence of the demon spirit's life.

In summary, the demon world is a pretty good area.

The demon world is divided into a total of 100 countries, each country has a demon king, and the demon king rules over a thousand miles of land, and above the hundred demon kings is the demon emperor who rules the entire demon world.

The power of the demon emperor is the supreme being in the demon world, and he has an independent army and strength to help him jointly rule the demon world.

Above the demon world is the so-called center of the demon world. The center of the demon world is said to be born in a mysterious place where all creatures are born. There are only a hundred people in the center of the entire demon world. Some heroes who are of great help to the demon world.

However, these guys are all talented and have good strength. They have already surpassed the world, so they are not a last resort and will not interfere in the operation of the demon world. Therefore, the demon world is ruled by the demon emperor alone.

It's a pity that thousands of years ago, for some unknown reason, the army of the demon emperor was attacked by the powers of the three realms of the ghost world, the demon world, the Buddha realm, and the three realms, and the demon emperor disappeared after that battle. The demon world is divided.

These guys are the elite soldiers under the demon emperor, but the monster world creatures are very aggressive by nature. Without the demon emperor's control and military suppression, the arrogance in their hearts is uncontrollable, and it is natural that the whole demon world is caused by black smoke.

Xiao Yan penetrated the cracks in time and space by himself, and his journey to the demon world also started from a remote town in the Ten Thousand Demon Nation, one of the fringes of the Hundred Kingdoms.

But I don't know if it was fate or a coincidence, the Myriad Demon Kingdom was quite close to the place where the Demon Emperor was sealed.

"Crack!" With a sound, the scorching sun in the demon world was in the sky, and above the blue sky, the clouds just dispersed, a certain void suddenly shook, and then suddenly broke through, a black shadow appeared from the void, and the body was out of control. fell from the sky.

There is no way to do this. Although the power in the Great Thousand Worlds is almost the same, it can still be clearly distinguished.

Ghost world creatures have been ghostly and eerie since ancient times, while demon world creatures are full of demonic aura. In the eyes of other creatures, human aura is arrogant and arrogant, and it is naturally easy to discern, while demon spirits are jealous of real humans. The reason is that humans The unbridled destruction and deprivation of all things, the demon world is the last paradise for these supernatural beings, so if a human enters here, the consequences are probably self-evident.

"It wouldn't be so miserable, would it?" The visitor was naturally Xiao Yan. At this time, he had just entered the demon world, and the Fen Jue in his body actually turned Xiao Yan's vindictive energy toward the demon energy!

Dou Qi is still Dou Qi, but it is covered with the help of demon Qi. In the demon world, Dou Qi is equal to demon Qi, but it's just a different title. The Dou Core of Amber Flame Soul Fire is slowly covered by a strange demon Qi. twine.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan, like a weak woman with no strength to hold a chicken, fell vertically from the sky, unexpectedly crashing into a dense forest.

After the collision, Xiao Yan only felt the darkness in front of him and passed out, because Xiao Yan was just resisting the erosion of the space-time rift, and now the demonic energy is covering Xiao Yan's anger, naturally he is quite weak, but fortunately Xiao Yan The strength of the body is tyrannical, so there is no damage to the impact.

"Who is it!" Xiao Yan's figure fell like a meteorite, blocking the way of a pair of caravans, and a sturdy big man in the caravan snorted coldly.

This is a small road, except for some obvious roads in the center that can be passed, the rest are dense forests with lush foliage, and this caravan has many tame animals to transport supplies, so it is impossible to find another way out.

"Captain Wang, what's the matter?" At this time, the caravan was surrounded by several tamed beasts, the only beautiful sedan chair, the curtain was gently pulled up by slender jade hands, and a silver bell-like voice filled with a trace of doubt.

"Miss, it's not a big problem, it's just that a man fell from a height for some reason and blocked our way." The sturdy man in charge of the caravan's safety also laughed.

"Oh?"

"I'll take a look." While speaking, the woman slowly walked down from the sedan chair and walked towards the place where Xiao Yan fell Miss, now our Butterfly Valley is in a troubled season, I think Or..." The captain of the guards couldn't help but said when he saw this.

"It doesn't matter." The woman's voice just fell, and she came directly to Xiao Yan's side. The willow waist that Yingying held in her hands bent down and carefully examined Xiao Yan's situation.

"Gulu..." There were almost a dozen men in the caravan. Looking at the beautiful and beautiful figure in front of them, they couldn't help but envy.

"There is still air, so he must have passed out of a coma temporarily. Take him to the sedan chair to rest." The woman placed her fingers lightly between Xiao Yan's nose and sensed the latter's continuous breathing, and then pressed the jade ear to Xiao Yan's chest. , carefully confirming the strong and powerful heartbeat, and said with a smile.

"Oh... the eldest lady is still so enthusiastic."

"The unlucky boy counts as good luck for you." After that, several men also carried Xiao Yan into the sedan chair, and even at the request of the eldest young lady, they fed this guy some antidote to relieve the coma, which made the All the guards couldn't help but let out a roar like a hungry wolf.

How could Xiao Yan, how could he be able to have such good luck...