Chapter Vol 2 819: Repair the spring, occasionally get a treasure

"My uncle?" Qin Xin felt amused when she heard the words.

Although the monsters who can speak human words are all Xeons, Qinxin didn't feel any other fluctuations from this silver mouse at all.

"This guy……"

"It seems a bit like the legendary Silver Light Mouse." After a while, Yueru suddenly said.

"Silver Rat?" Following Yueru's words, both Xiu Qi, Qin Xin, and Mu Feng Leng Fuyao all cast suspicious glances at him.

"I also know this information from the inheritance rune." Yue Ru hurriedly explained.

"The so-called silver-light mouse is said to be the key that the Fairy Moon has raised to open the palaces everywhere."

"Don't underestimate this guy."

"Although this guy is weak in combat, it is too easy for him to open some ruins or door locks," Yueru said.

"And this kind of monster..." Qin Xin heard the words and shook her head. Even with her experience, she had never heard of such a thing before, so she couldn't help but nod.

"Hey, now you know how powerful this uncle is?" Yinguang Rat listened to Yueru's introduction of himself, and immediately became even more proud.

"Can this guy open the iron gate to gossip when we enter the ruins?" Mu Feng seemed to still be a little unconvinced and asked directly.

"Don't insult me ​​with that kind of thing."

"That kind of thing, my uncle can open it with one finger." The Silver Light Mouse said with disdain.

"Silver Rat, come with us."

"I think, you should also want to go to Guanghan Island." Yueru thought about it and said.

"I don't want to stay with this vicious old monster for a long time. If it hadn't been there for a long time, I'm afraid I would have left long ago." Yinguang Rat glanced at the vicious old monster with disdain. He hated the spirit and spirit of other women, but he had no choice but to beat him, so he could only compromise and wait for others to rescue him.

"You bastard, I knew it would swallow you!" Facing the ridicule of the Silver Light Rat, the vicious old monster said angrily.

"Hehe, vicious old monster, I didn't expect you to have today."

"You just wait to die slowly."

"My uncle won't accompany you anymore!" Yinguang Rat said with a smile.

After speaking, she seemed to be thinking, and then she was about to say something to Yueru and the others.

"But I said in advance that I can help you know where there are traps, but you will deal with the enemy, and I only need to open the lock, and you have to be responsible for my life safety." Yinguang Rat thought about it, it can't be so easy to be cheap The group of people in front of them immediately laughed.

"Okay, no problem." Xiu Qi answered directly.

As long as this guy can unlock the entrance to Guanghan Island, then naturally he doesn't need it for other things.

"If that's the case, then wait for Xiao Yan and the others to repair the spring and go straight to Guanghan Island after the two of life and death are resolved." Yueru said, and then everyone became quiet.

"Plop." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying entered the spring separately, Xiao Yan on the left and Mu Yingying on the right.

"It's so cold." As soon as he entered the spring, an invasive cold rushed into Xiao Yan's heart.

Facing the sudden cold, Xiao Yan couldn't help shivering a few times, but Xiao Yan rarely had such a reaction.

"It seems that Fairy Moon is right. There must be something wrong with the spring below. Otherwise, although the spring water here is cold, it is no different from ordinary water." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly.

At this time, in front of Xiao Yan, there was a colorless and transparent spring, the spring water was crystal clear, and it seemed that he could vaguely see something faintly glowing several hundred meters below him.

"What is that..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but became curious, and immediately increased his speed.

"Gulugulu." Although he was in the spring water outside, but fortunately, Xiao Yan's soul strength was excellent. In addition to the two Saint Yan Emperor Yan, Xiao Yan faced the cold spring water and wrapped himself with the power of flame. When he got up, he was using his soul power to strengthen one. At this point, Xiao Yan dived with confidence.

"Gulugulu!" Just when Xiao Yan dived for fifty meters, the originally clear spring water below suddenly became turbid, and then an irresistible pressure instantly emerged from the bottom of the spring water, and the target of the attack , it was Xiao Yan.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan secretly cried out in his heart, he knew that fighting in the water would weaken his combat ability countless times.

Although he is now a Six-Star Dou Emperor with complete strength, if he is in the water, it would be quite difficult to even deal with a mid-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor. After all, water overcomes fire, and we are in water again.

"Fortunately, you can dodge quickly." Xiao Yan's figure was blocked, but fortunately, Xiao Yan's body was slender, and the few easily avoided the attack of the water flow.

"Strange, is there any guardian below..."

"But there is clearly no other aura below." Xiao Yan was shocked, but he was still vigilant, and his speed slowed down.

There is a depth of about 100 meters below this Spring of Life and Death. Xiao Yan has reached a distance of 60 meters at this time. The spring water here has not changed much from the beginning. The only thing I want to say is probably the one here. The water became turbid, and the pressure directly generated by the water flow actually made Xiao Yan feel slightly struggling.

"The fire is coming." Xiao Yan increased his strength and forcibly opened a space of one meter in diameter in the spring water to accommodate his own flame to illuminate below.

The flames just appeared, and they immediately attracted some other things, but Xiao Yan looked closely and saw that those things were mayflies, and there was not much danger.

"Seventy meters." Seeing that there is no danger at sixty meters, Xiao Yan dived ten meters at a certain speed. At this time, Xiao Yan was extremely vigilant, and the spring water below became more and more turbid. Xiao Yan knew that something was wrong with him. It will run away immediately!

"Is it still alright?" Xiao Yan stayed at a distance of 70 meters for a minute, and then he didn't feel any other creatures or danger, so he was immediately surprised.

"Eighty meters Dive to eighty meters in Zaidu.

Coming here, Xiao Yan only felt that some faint blue light appeared at a distance of 20 meters below him, but due to his vigilance, Xiao Yan did not go down rashly.

This is the spring of life and death. If you are a little careless, you may not escape the fate of falling.

"Shabu Shabu!" Before Xiao Yan could finish thinking, the water flow at 80 meters suddenly became turbulent, and an indescribable terrifying pressure instantly attacked Xiao Yan.

"Would you like to play like this?" Xiao Yan smiled faintly in the face of the turbulent water, but he did not dare to escape. At this time, he could only condense the power of soul and flame in his body, and directly dissolve the water.

"What a swift current."

"Isn't the water in the lower spring dead, and it came from somewhere else?" Xiao Yan thought for a moment after dealing with the turbulent water.

"It doesn't matter, just go down and have a look. It's a big deal. I still have space to teleport." Xiao Yan had an idea in his heart and went straight down.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" Even if Xiao Yan deliberately slowed down his speed, in just a few breaths, Xiao Yan came to 95 meters away from the spring.

Then Xiao Yan had difficulty raising his head in the rush of water, but his eyes were attracted by something on a rockery.

"Yangxuan Iron Mother?"

Ask for tickets!