Chapter 126: 3 Winged Unicorn!

The milky white flame column collided heavily with the energy light. When the energy light moved nearly ten meters away, the freezing power of a milky white flame spread rapidly and then froze it!

The strange fire has the characteristics of extremely deep cold and hot bone spirit cold fire! Frozen!

The flying figure dashed past, Xiao Yan's toes tapped on the light that turned into ice. A dark energy passed from the toes, and suddenly, the energy light burst with a bang.

In the midst of the icy storm, Xiao Yan's body rushed out of the hole in the flame wall like lightning, and then suddenly stopped and descended, quietly looking at the woman in blue who suddenly stopped flying.

After Xiao Yan stopped and looked at the woman opposite, milky white flames were constantly spitting out between the former's palms.

Staring at the woman in Tsing Yi, Xiao Yan muttered to himself, "Why didn't she run away?"

After thinking to no avail, Xiao Yan shook his head, his eyes did not move on the woman in Tsing Yi, he was silent for a while, and said, "Your strength is indeed much stronger than mine, and it may be difficult for me to keep you alone. But it's a pity, You are now within the energy barrier that I have set up."

"And I can feel that you don't seem to be good at fighting."

"Hand over Qing Yuan, I also don't want to conflict with you." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"That can't be done. I came to the lower realm to find what I left behind. I have been searching for decades, and now I am lucky enough to meet you, not to mention the strength of your three-star Dou Emperor's peak, even if you are a five-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. I will never let go." The woman in Tsing Yi shook her head with a smile, and there was no negotiable tone in her tone.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, the cyan figure is also surprised. The flame on the man in front of him is obviously a special flame, and the terrifying high temperature has some other powers. Also, the young man in front of him can actually find that he is not good at fighting. found during the attack.

"What about adding someone?"

Looking at the woman in Tsing Yi with a gloomy face, Xiao Yan's patience was gradually exhausted, and he did not delay. With a low voice, a huge soul force also emerged from the soul realm, and then condensed into a breath that was exactly the same as Xiao Yan's. The figure appeared out of thin air!

The two joined forces to prepare to launch a fierce attack again.

"It's actually an emperor-level mortal-level soul clone, it's really amazing..." The cyan figure was also looking at the identical two people in front of him and said slowly. With her strength at the peak of the five-star Dou Emperor, it is natural to recognize Xiao Yan's method, and if it weren't for some special reasons of her own, it would not be so difficult to deal with a boy of a three-star Dou Emperor.

"Although I'm not good at fighting, with the two of you alone, even if you fight head-on, you won't necessarily be able to defeat me." The woman in Tsing Yi said with a somewhat arrogant smile.

"Then give it a try!" Xiao Yan replied with a sneer.

There are still many secrets in Qing Yuan, who can be praised by his master Jinlong King, who has always been high-minded and low-handed. This purple-winged angel is definitely not simple, so until he finds a suitable place for Qing Yuan, he will definitely not take it away from others. her.

This is the first time Xiao Yan has used it since he learned about the mortal avatar of the Emperor Realm, which is enough to show the importance he attaches to Qing Yuan.

Xiao Yan was dressed in black, and his soul avatar was dressed in white, which formed a clear contrast with Xiao Yan himself. Between the palms of the two, milky white flames slowly surrounded them, and the flames burned more and more fiercely.

"Two big men bully the young with more, but I will no longer fight with one and two." Shaking his head regretfully, a pair of pure white wings behind the woman in Tsing Yi also slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight. Inside.

"Boom boom boom!"

After the pure white wings appeared, the cyan figure's pupils also shrank tightly, and then Xiao Yan felt a slightly sharp soul force. Although it was not strong, the soul force contained a strange wave, rising from the sky. spread out.

"Boom..."

The terrifying soul impact also made the two Xiao Yan have to use their soul power to defend.

Not long after the wave of the soul came out, the edge of the energy barrier in the distance suddenly echoed the same sound, and then a huge beast nearly ten feet, soared into the sky, and then flew towards the sky here. Then, a huge shadow shrouded the ground of the small woods downstream of the waterfall.

The giant beast is extremely slender and looks like a horse, but it has a single horn on its forehead, and its three pairs of white wings are quite conspicuous.

But the flying speed of this monster is so fast that some people are shocked. I saw that the huge wings twisted and swung, and it turned out to be like a teleportation. After a few flashes, it was not far from the woman in Tsing Yi. place.

As the giant beast approached, its full picture was completely captured by Xiao Yan. Suddenly, he couldn't help taking a breath of cold air.

"A three-winged unicorn..."

"It is said that the unicorn has nine wings at the highest, and its strength is comparable to that of a human being, but it is quite difficult for you to deal with this unicorn in front of you, Xiao Yanzi." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also appeared slowly.

"Huh?" Just when the voice of the Golden Dragon King appeared in Xiao Yan's body, the three-winged unicorn that flew over also raised its arrogant head to look at Xiao Yan and said, "Why do you have a familiar aura?"

"I also feel the same way I don't know if it's an illusion..."

"Okay, don't worry about it for now, you stop him, I'll take this girl away first." The blue figure also said.

"Are you sure?" The three-winged unicorn also looked at Qing Yuan in the blue figure's arms and said slowly.

"Well, purple."

"Let's go, let's go, you know it's me who does the dirty work." The three-winged unicorn also snorted.

Hearing the words, the cyan figure also skyrocketed in speed, roaring away towards the edge of the energy barrier with Qing Yuan.

"Stop!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan also immediately launched three thousand thunderbolts, trying to catch up with the cyan figure.

"Your opponent is me." A terrifying hurricane of energy attacked Xiao Yan with a voice.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan also had to be distracted to fight against the three-winged unicorn.

After carefully feeling the strength of the three-winged unicorn, the two Xiao Yan also frowned. These three-winged unicorns are actually strong human beings that are comparable to the peak of the four-star Dou Di. This has to make Xiao Yan pay attention, and then The soul clone is also put away. At this time, the number is not an advantage, and if something happens to the soul clone, Xiao Yan can't see the damage to the source.

But if you want to catch up with the cyan figure, you have to defeat the three-winged unicorn first.

"It's troublesome..." Xiao Yan's face suddenly became extremely gloomy, sensing this terrifying momentum.

ticket~