Chapter Vol 4 1777: National treasure, conspiracy!

The next day, the sun in the garden was like fire, and the countless flowers were dazzling.

"Is your lord up?"

"His Royal Highness has sent me to take you to the main hall to attend today's meeting." It was Lin Shuang who had guided Xiao Yan yesterday.

Lin Shuang was considered to be a very important member of the princess' side in terms of strength and loyalty, which also showed that the princess valued Xiao Yan.

"Let's go." As soon as Lin Shuang finished speaking, Xiao Yan pushed open the door and walked out.

Today's Xiao Yan put on a rather elegant cyan robe, and the ancient ruler of the fire was put away, his breath was hidden, and he still looked like an ordinary person.

A few minutes later, Lin Shuang led Xiao Yan through the garden to the main hall.

Huarui Hall, here is the palace where Her Royal Highness Princess Lin Yunshu lives. The palace is quite huge, and the predecessor of the palace is a huge conference room, which is used to hold some more grand meetings.

The whole conference room is decorated with countless luxurious amethyst agate, full of magnificent atmosphere.

"His Royal Highness, why hasn't the guy you mentioned come yet?"

"Could it be zero-hour stage fright?" At this time, a total of eight figures stood quietly on the seats in the conference room, and a middle-aged man at the end sneered.

These eight people are all middle-aged or gray-haired old men, but these guys are all outstanding people who support Her Royal Highness.

The strength of eight people, the weakest is also in the six-star Dou Xian, and even the powerhouse of the seven-star Dou Xian level. In the Tianxing Continent, the seven-star Dou Xian powerhouse can already be regarded as a strategic resource, but there are only three of the eight people. He is a loyal supporter of Her Royal Highness the Princess. Although the other five people are also supporting the Princess, they all have bad intentions, and it is one of the five who speaks.

Lin Hao, the late Six Star Fighting Immortal, is the powerhouse in charge of daily affairs in the Tianyuan Mountains.

"Lin Hao, this is not your Lin Mansion, this is the Princess Palace." Suddenly, another woman in red glanced lightly and spoke indifferently, but that kind of terrifying power made the hearts of the strong present a little. shock.

Seven Star Fighting Immortal!

This fierce breath made their hearts shudder like a cold wind.

"Lin Hao, what are you worried about, Her Royal Highness naturally has her own way." Watching the woman in red exit, the second white-haired old man gently opened his eyes and circled around.

"Sir Xiao Yan is here." Just when the smell of gunpowder was extremely strong in the conference room, a light voice came from outside the conference room.

"I'm sorry for making you wait for a long time." Xiao Yan laughed heartily, and without stopping, he went straight to his seat and sat down.

"Now that everyone has arrived, the meeting will begin."

"Boom!" With a sound, Princess Lin Yunshu slowly rose from the throne with a noble gesture, and for a while, a touch of silver energy easily completely enveloped the entire conference room.

"The power of the stars..." Seeing Her Royal Highness's handwriting, the nine people in the conference room were all surprised.

The power of the stars is mysterious and unpredictable, and this princess is truly gifted.

"All of you are the elders of the royal family, or the minds of the top forces in our Tianyuan Mountains. We have summoned everyone today, and everyone must have guessed the meeting." Princess Lin Yunshu's beautiful eyes glanced around slightly, and finally her eyes stayed on the red clothes. As for the woman, these three are her absolute loyal supporters, so she is confident enough to preside over this meeting.

"His Royal Highness, the subordinates are unknown, please let Her Royal Highness speak clearly." At this time, the entire conference room was quiet for a while, then Lin Hao and the four figures around him looked at each other, and then spoke to the princess, in the voice It turned out to be full of a hint of oppression.

"Today's purpose is naturally to unite the power of our Tianyuan Mountains. Only by resolving internal concerns can we be unanimous." The princess said softly.

"Since the princess has already said it for this sake, then we will not hide it."

"The strength in our hands is more tyrannical than the other two factions. As long as Her Royal Highness promises us, after the event is completed, you will give us the source of the stars, and we will naturally let Her Royal Highness obtain the real throne in the fastest time." Lin. Hao seemed to be instructed by the other four, and he spoke word by word.

"The power of the stars is related to the treasure left by the founder of the Star Continent. How can it be given to you who have no royal blood?" Hearing Lin Hao's words, Lin Yunshu smiled slightly without any fear.

"Her Royal Highness, don't forget, the power in the hands of the five of us occupies a quarter of the entire Sky Star Continent. If..." At this time, Lin Hao couldn't help but murmured. Obviously, this Lin Yunshu has been since Xiao Yan. When she arrived, it seems to have become different, and she has become more courageous. At the beginning, her decision to the five of her was only a promise, but now she looks like this.

"Don't be angry, everyone, I have a solution, I don't know if it is feasible or not?" At this time, Xiao Yan stood up and smiled slowly at everyone.

"Oh... Your Excellency, what's your best trick?" Lin Hao also didn't know why, and suddenly looked at Xiao Yan in surprise.

"It's better to hand over the power you have in your hands to us. What you dare not do, we will help you." Xiao Yan was like a demon, and the smile that filled the corners of his mouth made everyone's heart shudder, even the provocative aura. In obvious however.

"Crack!"

"Bold man!"

"You can't find death!" Hearing Xiao Yan's arrogant words, Lin Hao's face changed drastically, and a wave of hatred emerged, wishing to smash Xiao Yan's body into ten thousand pieces.

"Little guy, you said that you are the Lord of the Endless Fire Territory, but this is the Tianxing Continent. It would be too arrogant to say such words here... So let's stay." Softly, a rare smile contained a threat of death.

"Do it!" For a while, Lin Yunshu also knew that the opportunity was fleeting, and snorted coldly.

"Tian Yuanwei?"

"Six Star Fighting Immortal Brother Lin Yu..."

"You...what are you doing?" As Her Royal Highness's voice fell, dozens of guards in silver armor and some powerful confidants rushed out of the originally empty conference room.

"Six-star Douxian late stage?"

"Holy Flame?" The five of them were just about to launch a counterattack, but when they saw the amber flame on Xiao Yan's body and the sudden surge in strength, they were dumbfounded for a while. Who would have thought that the domain master of this endless fire domain actually has Such a mighty force!

"Go ahead, you must tear this place apart. Since you can't control it, let's replace it." Seeing this intensifying scene, the seven-star fighting immortal old man among the five said lightly.

"Don't worry, you guys don't have a chance Box of Ten Thousand Woods!" Seeing that the five were about to attack, Lin Yunshu smiled slowly at Xiao Yan. The box appeared in the princess's slender hand, and even the appearance of the box of Rui Ze, the wood attribute in the body of the strong person present dimmed a bit.

"Calm me down!"

"Holy Flame Fire!" For a while, just as the five of them had just started, Xiao Yan's amber flames filled the air, restraining him for a while, unable to move.

"Sea of ​​stars, ten thousand withered trees!" After a while, the delicate green box on Lin Yunshu's palm was thrown into the air, and his handprint squirmed rapidly.

"You dare to steal the national treasure!"

"capital offense!"

"This is a death sentence!" Looking at the princess surrounded by green light and the power of stars, the wood-type fighting qi in the five people was like a deflated balloon, draining rapidly, all of them gave up resistance for a while, and their pupils were filled with a sigh of relief. An unbelievable look.

They know that they may not be able to retreat today, because they themselves are wood attributes, and the power of this national treasure can easily imprison and exile them, so this seemingly grand meeting has turned into a single The crushing of the aspect, or the conspiracy of Her Royal Highness!

Even now, they still can't imagine that Her Royal Highness, who was controlled by them like a puppet in the past, actually has such a fierce means!