Chapter 460: The depths of the lonely desert of death-color scales!

At this time, deep in the desert of death, a desolate place.

This place is buried by the yellow sand all day long, and it is desolate and uninhabited.

The huge desert land seems to be no different at first glance, but if you look closely, you will find that the sand here is different from other places.

If you stare at it for a long time, you will find that the sand here actually wriggles!

In other words... the sand here is alive!

A giant eagle saw that there was a delicious rabbit food on this strange desert, and immediately swooped down, spread its giant claws, and went towards the rabbit food on the sand!

"Plop!" Just when the giant eagle was about to capture this delicious food, the rabbit disappeared instantly!

Then the yellow sand suddenly appeared, engulfing the giant eagle!

Next, what awaits the giant eagle is death!

I saw that the giant eagle was directly swallowed by the strange sand!

There is no scum left!

This strange sand is so terrifying!

At this time, under this ten thousand feet of sand, a huge underground palace stands here!

In the underground palace, a shadow slowly appeared.

This figure is actually Cailin!

Since Cailin came to the passage of Dou Di Continent and separated from Xiao Yan, the four of them, Xun'er, Gu Yuanzhukun, fled towards the passage, but they were separated when they escaped!

Cailin was directly sent to the Medusa clan in the Xuansan three days by the mysterious passage. As for the other Xun'er, Cailin had no clue, but the only thing that was certain was that their lives were not in danger.

Cailin broke through in Dou Qi Continent to Dou Di and came to Dou Di Continent. Just after arriving in the territory of the Medusa clan, her strength suddenly soared to the level of five-star Dou Di, and Cai Lin did not know what it was. The reason, all I know is that it seems to be related to the blood of the nine-colored swallowing python in the body!

As soon as he came to Dou Di Continent, he encountered a terrifying powerhouse of the nine-star Dou Di-level as powerful as a blue-and-white snake. Cai Lin had already planned to go all out, but the power of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python's bloodline in that body was overwhelming. The blue-and-white snake of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor level was suppressed, and then the blue-and-white snake also discovered that this color scale actually had the nine-color swallowing python that only existed in the legend. At first, it ignored the opposition of some leaders of the nine major tribes in the Medusa clan. , and directly join forces to send Cailin into the temple of the Medusa family!

The temple of the Medusa family is the habitat of every strong person with Medusa blood.

Rather than the bloodline of the Medusa clan, it would be more appropriate to say that it was the swallowing python.

The swallowing python is an ancient beast, and its strength is extremely terrifying.

Moreover, only the descendants of Medusa's bloodline can enter the temple of the Medusa family. Otherwise, even a nine-star fighting emperor as powerful as a blue-and-white snake would not be able to enter.

This makes the temple of the Medusa family have many secrets.

Outside the underground palace, it was very quiet, and the entire underground palace was tightly closed, as if there was no entrance, it was just like that.

A heavy breath from ancient times came from its underground palace.

"This place is really a strange place..." Cailin was told some things about Doudi Continent by the blue and white snake, and then he was sent to the temple of the Medusa family.

"According to what the blue-and-white snake said, there should be inhabitants of Medusa's blood here. Why is there nothing but the statue in front of me..." The color scale jade hand emits a faint nine-colored light, and he is always alert to the surroundings. If there is anything wrong, the terrifying power in the hands will be swept out in an instant!

It is strange to say that since Cailin entered the temple of the Medusa clan, even though he has been here for a long time, in this temple, there is only a statue in front of him, but the space in this temple is extremely high. Huge, nothing else!

Cai Lin clearly remembered that when she just came to the temple of the Medusa family, she found that there were many snakes and scorpions in the stone gate. What effect does it have on the color scale.

"Is this the ancestor of the Medusa family..." Cai Lin looked at the behemoth in front of her, unable to hide her surprise.

Because the space in the temple is very large, but the most striking thing is the stone statue standing in the center!

The stone statue is about tens of meters high, and the hair is split in the shape of a snake and scorpion. There are ten strands, and each strand is exuding different colors. Even if it is a stone statue, the color scales can feel the terrifying power of the stone statue.

And the most peculiar thing is the dead gray pupils on the stone statue. Cailin just looked at each other, and a chill appeared spontaneously!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As if the pupils of the stone statue and the ten-colored snakes and scorpion hair draped behind him reveal a wave of destruction!

"Could it be that the secret of the Medusa family exists in this stone statue..." Cai Lin also looked at the stone statue a little, and after finding no result, he sat down with his legs crossed, with nine-colored rays of light constantly floating around his body.

At the moment when the nine-colored rays of light appeared on Cailin's body, the pupil of the stone statue, which was as calm as dead gray, unexpectedly exuded a hot wave, and then inhaled Cailin into it.

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Cailin also hurriedly transferred the vindictive energy in her body, trying to resist the suction, but what confuses Cailin is that the suction has some original power that is related to Cailin's own...

The source power seems to be quite the same as the blood in Cailin's own body.

The blood in Cailin's body has already evolved into a nine-colored sky-swallowing python. If Cailin can still feel fear in his heart, it is probably the ten-colored sky-swallowing python that only appeared in ancient times!

Cailin disappeared into the temple, and then came to a rather strange space.

The space here is quite peculiar, making Cailin feel an involuntary restraint force. The space is dark in color, but in that space, there seems to be a lifelike figure... This figure is strikingly similar to that of the temple. The stone statue in the middle is exactly the same!

"Who?" Seeing this, Cailin said coldly, her lips moved slightly.

Because even at a short distance, Cai Lin could feel an extremely terrifying fluctuation from the woman.

"It really surprised me, it's actually a little guy with the bloodline of the nine-colored swallowing python." The next moment, in that dark space, a high-cold voice sounded instantly!

With the sound of this voice the secrets in Cailin's body suddenly disappeared!

Hundreds of meters of monstrous snake tail emerged uncontrollably from Cailin's body, followed by a terrifying fighting qi full of nine-color energy attached to Cailin's body.

"Damn it!" Cailin snorted coldly. Although she didn't know why, since she came to this space, there was an extremely huge force on the figure in front of her that was slowly suppressing her!

Such oppression comes from the depths of the soul!

Or in other words, it came from the bloodline!

"Where the **** are you!" Cailin said angrily, and then the huge snake tail brought the power of nine colors to the sky and attacked the mysterious person in front of him.

"She's really a hot and arrogant woman..." The mysterious man smiled slightly, and then behind him, ten strands of hair of different colors instantly lit up.

The next moment, a terrifying energy filled with the power of ten colors blasted away at Cailin's nine-colored hundred-zhang snake tail!

The next moment of "Shabu", the power of the two merged viciously, but it didn't cause a shocking explosion...

What appeared was that the power of the ten colors slowly solidified the nine-color snake tail of the color scale.

"Ten... Ten-colored Sky Swallowing Python!" At the same time, an unbelievable look appeared in Cailin's snake pupil.

Then he stared at the mysterious woman in front of him and said bitterly, "In this world...is there really a ten-colored swallowing python..."

Ask for tickets!