Chapter Vol 4 1528: Go, Li Soul Territory!

The next day, when the sun fell on Tianming Villa, the atmosphere in this space was immediately rendered to the extreme!

Not for anything else, because today is the day when Heavenly Pluto took eleven disciples to Li Hun Territory!

Who is Heavenly Pluto? He is the owner of Tianming Villa, who was personally named by the Lord of the Shadowy Heaven. He is used to guard the order of the entire Yinhuntian, so it is not an exaggeration to say that he is the strongest in the entire Yinhuntian.

And Li Soul Realm, that is the place where nearly one-third of the powerhouses in the entire ghost realm gather!

There, there are not only the existence of the strongest, but also the five major courtyards that manage the countless planes under Li Soul Domain. The distribution of all laws and resources under Li Soul Domain, etc., are all assisted by the five major courtyards to assist the Li Soul Lord. Completed, in the Li Soul Domain, the reputation of the Li Soul Lord has reached the top.

"Everyone." At this time, in the huge square inside Tianming Villa, Tianmingwang and Zuomu took the lead, and the remaining eleven people stood slowly, and Tianmingwang was the first to speak.

"Lord Pluto." Looking at the handsome man in front of him, Xiao Yan and the others also spoke slowly, their voices filled with a rather fiery taste.

"Sir, all eleven people have arrived this time, and the order in the village has been arranged in accordance with your instructions. We can set off." Zuo Mu said quite quietly.

"Eleven little guys, this trip to Li Soul Realm will be the most important part of your life journey, work hard."

"I hope that in a few decades, you will be able to become prominent figures in the Five Great Courts and even Li Soul Realm." King Tian Pluto's eyes slowly beat, looking at the eleven people in front of him and said.

Anyone who can join Li Soul Domain has enough talent and resources, but whether they can become a Xeon, it needs to rely on personal efforts.

"Now that you're ready, let's go." After looking at the crowd, looking at the fiery gazes in the eyes of everyone, there was no hesitation. The huge palm of the King of Heaven suddenly waved in front of him, a dazzling light. The door of space is coming quietly.

"Five-star Fighting Immortals can only build space passages or formations. I didn't expect that Six-star Fighting Immortals can directly cast the Space Gate. It's really a tyrannical handwriting." Shen Jun from the Soul Beast Alliance couldn't help but express a hint of envy. .

"Crash!" With the move of King Pluto, a shocking force of space suddenly filled the entire square, and at that time, the gate of space slowly took shape.

"Everyone, let's go!" Zaidu shouted loudly, and immediately surrounded the eleven people with King Pluto and Zuo Mu, one after the other, and everyone suddenly stepped into the door of space at the same time, heading towards Li Soul Realm. .

"What a stable space channel..." Xiao Yan said with a surprised expression just as he stepped into the space channel. After all, the ordinary channel is stable, but it is not safe. There is a possibility that someone might be involved in a space storm. Dangerous, but the space passage in front of him is extremely stable, as if there is no danger.

"This is the space channel that directly connects Li Soul Domain. It is constructed by the strong soul of Li Soul Domain. In the entire ghost world, facing the powerhouse of Li Soul Domain, even some people who are conspiratorial, do not dare to give birth to other ideas about it. ." Zuo Mu smiled.

"So it is." Xiao Yan also smiled slightly.

"You... are you okay?" After a short while, Xiao Yan looked at Du Qifei who was in front of him, but found that this girl seemed to be absent-minded.

"I'm fine." Duo Qifei shook his head, but a mist slowly appeared in his eyes, and he didn't know what it was.

"The space channel is extremely safe, you don't have to worry, in a few days, we will arrive at Li Soul Realm."

"There is a new world, the world of the strong, and the most prosperous area in our entire Li Soul Territory." Heavenly Pluto said with excited eyes, obviously even he was facing the Li Soul Territory. When he was a behemoth, he also felt an inexplicable tremor. After all, he was stronger than his Six-Star Fighting Immortal. In Li Soul Realm, he could only be regarded as a powerhouse, and there was still a long way to go before he became a superpower.

"Sir, I don't know Li Soul Territory here..." After a while, Xiao Yan also explained the doubts in his heart.

"Good question."

"The so-called Li Soul Territory is a very special space. It is much more tyrannical than the ordinary plane continent." King Tian Pluto smiled at Xiao Yan. For some reason, this guy always gave him an inexplicable feeling. I am familiar with fluctuations, but the fluctuations are extremely hidden, so King Tianming is not sure for a while. After all, Tianming's actual age is over a thousand. It is only because of the practice that he is so young. The master of the soul, Lei, has been around for a generation, so it is reasonable to have this illusion.

"The big ghost world is boundless. Except for the center of the ghost world, which gathers the supreme ghost of the ghost world and some special beings, the entire territory of the ghost world is divided into three domains and five places."

"And among the three domains, each domain controls thousands of plane continents. As for the five regions, it only controls hundreds of plane continents."

"Li Soul Territory is the one with the largest territorial area and the most tyrannical strength among the Three Territories."

"But one thing may be misunderstood by you. The so-called Li Soul Realm is already the category of transcendental planes, reaching the level of the realm, and the so-called realm is the general term for controlling thousands of planes, and we are here. The Li Soul Domain that I went to next time is the core of thousands of continents."

"Countless resources, laws and punitive measures were born from above the Li Soul Realm, and thus spread." The voice of the King of Pluto sounded high, quite loud.

"This Li Soul Territory is actually so tyrannical?" Xiao Yan was slightly surprised when he heard the words.

"Yeah, although Li Soul Domain is a domain, it gathers advantages that thousands of continents cannot have. It has abundant energy in heaven and earth, resources of chance relics emerge in endlessly, and even the quantity and quality of powerhouses are top-notch. The master of Shangli Soul is well managed, and this area of ​​Li Soul is enough to be called a real powerhouse territory."

"This also created Li Soul Domain's name in the first domain of the ghost world." In an instant, the Lord of Soul Eater also said, it seems that even if he is stronger than his master, this proud Lord of Soul Eater, for Li Soul Domain is also praised.

"It seems that this trip to Li Soul Realm, some people have fun." Xiao Yan heard the words, and there was a trace of fiery in his heart!

Li Hunyu, there are countless proud sons of the sky, but what Xiao Yan cares about most is Acacia Brokenheartitis!

Mu Yingying can be resurrected only if Acacia Broken Enteritis is found in Li Soul Domain!

When he thought that the smiling woman in the past was finally on the Xuanling Continent, facing the evil methods of the Xuanling King, ignoring her own safety and sacrificing herself, Xiao Yan felt a sense of self-blame in his heart, and he couldn't help but tighten his palms. He tightly squeezed the beating heart in his chest: "Acacia Broken Enteritis, is it really in Li Soul Territory?"