Chapter 465: The power of 10 colors baptizes the sea of ​​fighting qi!

"Let's go!" Facing the ninth beam of energy coming from Zaidu, what the two women faced this time was a huge power of thunder!

Around the green beam of light, terrifying thunders with a size of hundreds of meters flashed continuously, and then came towards the two girls!

At the place of the huge thunder, the surrounding space trembled slightly, and the power of the terrifying thunder was slow, as if the power of the nine colors on the two of them seemed quite insignificant!

"Boom boom boom!" The two girls tried their best to resist the ninth beam of light just now!

But the injuries on the two girls are even more serious than those caused by the tenth beam of light!

However, after the ninth thunder power was broken, the second color of the nine-color power suddenly became bright in Cailin's body and the nine-colored swallowing python's body!

A huge force slowly spread throughout the body.

The next moment, the ninth beam of light slowly returned to the mysterious woman, then dimmed, and then disappeared in front of everyone.

With the disappearance of these two energy beams, both the colored scales and the nine-colored swallowing python can feel it, and the two-colored power in the nine-colored power in his body seems to become more solid and bright!

If these ten terrifying beams of light are completely defeated, then the strength of the two of them will definitely increase by leaps and bounds!

It's just that the second girl's attention was attracted by the remaining eight huge beams of light, and she didn't notice that the disappearing two beams of light returned to the mysterious girl's hair!

With the return of these two beams of light, the strength of the woman fighting immortals actually increased faintly, but the two girls didn't pay attention.

"Come again!" The mysterious woman shouted loudly, and then a force containing the power of ten colors came towards the two girls!

The second daughter received the baptism of the power of ten colors, and her strength and body are recovering to their peak!

"Come again!"

"But be careful... The further back you go, the more terrifying this power is!" A trace of seriousness appeared in the pupils of the two girls, and then they attacked the seventh beam of light.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As they attacked the sixth energy beam, the difference in strength between the two women was clearly manifested.

Just when the two women were puzzled, the power contained in the sixth terrifying beam of light was constantly worn away by the two women and did not recover at all!

Then the two women suddenly realized something, and looked at the mysterious woman with grateful eyes!

This light just defeated the four beams of light, and the power of four colors has been born in the bodies of the two women!

With her huge perception, the two girls can find that the power of four colors is even more terrifying than the power of nine colors that she has cultivated before!

one day……

January……

One year...

In this mysterious space, the two women had no idea how long they stayed!

keep failing...

Constantly recovering strength, fighting against that monstrous beam of light!

"Boom boom boom!" Inside the mysterious space, Cailin and Jiucai Tiantian Python kept attacking the sky-penetrating beam of light!

One thing changed and the other grew, and the ten extremely terrifying beams of light finally disappeared under the attack of the second daughter for an unknown period of time...

"Boom boom boom!" As the last beam of light was defeated by the two girls, a rare smile appeared on the pretty face of the mysterious woman.

The next moment, the ten strands of snake-like hair behind him suddenly brightened!

The power of ten colors suddenly appeared!

"There's only so much I can do..." The mysterious woman spoke slowly, and an indescribable ancient aura suddenly filled the space.

"Senior..." Even Cailin, who has always been cold, was forced out of the nine-colored sky-swallowing python by this mysterious woman before entering this mysterious space, and then was attacked by her petrified eyes of Medusa!

In fact, it is an attack, and secretly it is a great blessing for Cailin!

Then, with the help of the ten huge beams of ten-colored power, he pointed at the colored scales and the nine-colored swallowing python!

During those long years, every time a beam of light that penetrates the sky is broken, the two girls can feel a sublimation from the depths of their souls!

And after defeating a full ten beams of light, the aura of the two girls has undergone earth-shaking changes!

Originally, one person and one beast were all at the perfect level of a five-star fighting emperor. After defeating ten beams of light, the huge sea of ​​fighting qi in the two women's bodies violently solidified... and then kept shrinking!

The ten beams of light that reach the sky are not so much to point the two of them, but to squeeze the two of them together!

Because the sea of ​​fighting qi in the two people's bodies originally had a size of hundreds of feet, after being baptized by the terrifying energy of ten beams of light, it suddenly and violently squirmed!

Then the huge sea of ​​fighting qi that was several hundred meters in size instantly shrank to several dozen meters in size!

Ten feet in size!

This is comparable to some eight-star or nine-star Doudi level powerhouses!

Although this sea of ​​fighting qi has shrunk, the two women are deeply aware that this cultivation journey is really focused on strengthening the body and expanding the volume of fighting qi in the beginning!

However, the strong Dou Emperor did the opposite!

Only the huge sea of ​​fighting qi in the body was compressed into a fist-sized fighting core!

Then it is the prerequisite for advancing to Dou Xian!

"Have you found it..." The mysterious woman smiled slightly, didn't bother the two girls, and let them both understand.

"Thank you, senior!" At the next moment of Cailin, the snake pupil with the power of nine colors cast a grateful gaze, and then bowed slightly to the mysterious woman.

The power of the nine colors, compared to the color scale entering the Medusa Temple, I don't know how many times stronger!

Seeing this, the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python on the side also lowered her head and bowed. Even with the arrogance of her companion Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, she couldn't help but respect the person in front of her.

"If you want to thank you...it's still too early." After the mysterious woman finished speaking, her appearance suddenly changed, and then a giant snake with ten-colored power appeared behind her!

The giant snake exudes the power of ten colors all over its body, and the ten-color snake scales cover it slightly, and a terrifying aura like an overlord exudes from its body It's just that the nine-colored swallowing python is clear and light. It is these ten-colored snake scales, I am afraid that with all their strength, the two women have no way to break through the defense!

"Ten Shi, take your things out, we should go too." The mysterious woman said slightly.

After the mysterious woman finished speaking, the thousand-foot-twelve-colored swallowing python replied in a low voice, "This is our last choice, I hope we didn't make a mistake."

When the words fell, the giant snake of 1000 meters slowly squirmed, and then an extremely dazzling light spot instantly emerged from the snake's belly, and then came out of the snake's mouth at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The spiritual snake pupils of the Ten-Colored Swallowing Python flickered slightly, and then a monarch's breath came out!

Such an aura, even the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python has never possessed it.

The next moment, an extremely miniature energy snake appeared in the mouth of the Ten-Colored Swallowing Python. With the appearance of this small energy snake, the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python's pupils shrank tightly and stared at the snake. The energy snake here!

A terrifying chill suddenly radiated from the heart of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!

"Plop!" With a sound, Jiu Cai Tian Tian Python knelt down instantly.

He just murmured in his mouth: "Is this the real Ten-colored Sky Swallowing Python?"

I saw the little energy snake slowly swallowing the triangular snake letter, and in the snake pupil, a strong aura that made heaven and earth surrender suddenly filled this space!

Ask for tickets!

So many people don't vote after reading the book! ! !