Chapter 617: Xiaocheng, the great master of the battle formation!

"This kid is probably the most outstanding person in my Burning Incense Pavilion for nearly a thousand years..." Zhu Lao looked at the constantly changing yellow light and red light on Xiao Yan's body in front of him, and the corners of his mouth wriggled slightly.

"Huhuhu!" As the red light on Xiao Yan's body seemed to be short-lived, it disappeared without a trace in a short period of time, and then Xiao Yan's body quickly regained a bright yellow light.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, this kid is not bad, he knows how to put things in and out." Elder Zhu said with admiration.

"Cough, cough..." The next moment, Xiao Yan coughed violently a few times, looking quite embarrassed!

When he devoured the holy flame in the desert mountains before, although the power of the holy flame made Xiao Yan Fenjue evolve into the immortal rank, and also caused Xiao Yan's strength to skyrocket, at that time, Xiao Yan did not feel the power of the holy flame and the core of the divine destiny. The inscription has any other resonance!

Now that Zhu Lao said this, he hurriedly mobilized the power of holy flame in his body to gather towards the core inscription of the divine life!

A strange scene appeared!

Just as Xiao Yan mobilized the power of holy flame in his body to gather it away, the two seemed to resonate extremely terribly, and then the core inscription of the divine life suddenly became crazy, madly absorbing Xiao Yan's power of holy flame!

As the core inscription of Shen Dong's life absorbed the power of holy flame, a yellow light beam and a short-lived red light appeared around Xiao Yan.

"Okay, it's alright." Old Zhu's coercive voice slowly echoed in the wooden house, and then Xiao Yan only felt that his weak spiritual sea suddenly trembled, and he lost his mind in an instant.

"Old Zhu, this is..." Xiao Yan slowly withdrew his holy flame power and the core inscription of divine life, and then looked at Zhu Lao curiously.

"It seems that what I expected was not wrong. The power of this holy flame has a terrifying increase in spiritual power..."

"Just relying on the power of this holy flame, you have reached the level of the great master of the Six-pattern Fighting Array. This can be said to be one step to the sky." Elder Zhu said slowly, with a rare gratification in his voice.

"The power of holy flame can actually increase spiritual power?" Xiao Yan also heard this for the first time.

After all, Sheng Yan is the most terrifying flame power between heaven and earth. How could it increase the spiritual power? This is something Xiao Yan has never heard of!

"Don't say it's you, even I haven't heard of it."

"But based on the conclusions I've drawn over the years, it seems to be true."

"As for the secret, I'm afraid you, the boy with holy flame, will need to discover it yourself in the future." Zhu Lao laughed.

"By the way, I just found out that there seems to be something unusual in your body."

"The sea of ​​fighting qi, the sea of ​​soul and the sea of ​​spirit."

"The three seas are one. You have to maintain a good balance between them. Otherwise, an accident will have a huge impact on your future potential." Zhu Lao taught a lesson.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded, he is naturally the existence of these three seas, although powerful, but there are also many dangers invisibly!

Once the Dou Qi Sea suffers irreparable wounds, the spiritual sea and the soul sea will also be affected.

"By the way, Lao Zhu, what is the Great Master of Dou Formation..." Xiao Yan was indeed somewhat puzzled by what Lao Zhu had just said.

"Haha, this is the hierarchy of Dou formation masters."

"The rank system of Dou Formation Masters is divided into the representative color of Dou Formation Grandmaster is white, the representative color of Dou Formation Grand Master is yellow, the representative color of Dou Formation Emperor Master is red, the representative color of Dou Formation Immortal Master is black, and the representative color of Dou Formation Master is black. gold."

"Each pattern corresponds to relative strength."

"For example, a one-pattern fighting formation master is comparable to a one-star fighting saint, a one-pattern fighting formation grand master corresponds to a one-star fighting emperor, and so on."

"The color mentioned here is the color of the inscription condensed from your core inscription!" Elder Zhu spoke slowly.

"So that's the case..." Xiao Yan murmured.

With the power of that holy flame, he just raised the core inscription of the divine movement, which was only a quarter of the body, to six-pattern yellow abruptly!

This means that Xiao Yan is already a great master of the battle formation at this time!

A Dou Formation Master comparable to the Six-Star Dou Emperor!

"The great masters of the battle formation are divided into small successes and great successes."

"I see the aura of your core inscription just now. You should now be in the realm of the six-pattern fighting formation master, the grand master, Xiaocheng. Once you set foot in Dacheng, I am afraid that the eight-star fighting emperor can fight for it."

"However, with your current strength, just relying on Xiaocheng, the great master of the six-pattern battle formation, and the powerhouse below the completion of the Six-star Doudi, I'm afraid you should not be afraid." Elder Zhu smiled slowly, and there was a hint of pride in his voice.

"This is the horror of Dou formation masters." At the end of the sentence, Zhu Lao was afraid that Xiao Yan would be puzzled, and hurriedly explained.

"Old Zhu, although I have reached the level of a great master of Douzhen, my spiritual power..." Xiao Yan shook his head, because Xiao Yan knew that even though he had reached the level of a great grandmaster of Douzhen, he still had no problem with it. I don't know anything about the use of fighting formations and the cultivation of spiritual power.

"Hehe, don't worry, wait for me to tell you slowly." Elder Zhu smiled slowly, and then murmured.

"The tyrannical strength of a battle formation master depends on your spiritual strength."

"As we all know, the cultivation of soul power can use some heaven and earth treasures, and even the soul origin left by some great powers, so the cultivation of soul power is relatively easy after all, but the spiritual power is different."

"I don't know any means to improve my spiritual strength, at least now. Only by constantly refining my spiritual strength can I slowly improve."

"I'm afraid that the hardships of grinding are far beyond your imagination!" Zhu Lao laughed, but there was a rare chill in the voice. Obviously, even Old Bamboo couldn't help but be moved when he thought of that scene.

"Old Zhu, what is the connection between this soul power and spiritual power?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Good question."

"Soul power is in the main, ready to go, to attack the enemy's soul to cause sluggishness or even instant kill. It is a one-hit kill, but the spiritual power is different. The spiritual power is outside the main, and it is somewhat similar to your Dou Qi. You're welcome to say that it can be your second grudge!"

"Just imagine At that time, your mental power will be transformed into a formation to trap the enemy, and when you use the thunder method, I am afraid that the powerful enemy will not be able to withstand it. , I am afraid that among the peers, in the invincible hand,"

"Because the power of the soul is invisible, but the power of the spirit exists!" Zhu Lao said impassively.

"Soul power is inside...spiritual power is outside."

"Second vindictiveness..." Xiao Yan kept repeating, obviously digesting the information that Elder Zhu said.

"Yes, there is no specific level for the cultivation of spiritual power, because the practitioners who master spiritual power are too rare, even in our entire Xuanling Continent, I am afraid there are only a few people."

"However, the strength of your mental strength determines the strength of your battle formation master!"

"Only by continuously improving your spiritual strength will your rank as a battle formation master continue to rise. Once your spiritual strength is developed, the formation in your hand will be a world, and thousands of strong people will be wiped out." politely.

"The Dou Formation Master is actually so terrifying..." Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling a little hot when Old Zhu said it.

"As for the cultivation method of spiritual power..."

"Next!" After Old Zhu finished speaking, a round object appeared directly in Old Zhu's hand and flew towards Xiao Yan.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan murmured, but he felt an extremely powerful fluctuation from the item.

Ask for tickets!