Chapter Vol 4 1641: The missing master of the soul?

The next day, as the Master of Soul Eater left Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui and others also left Xiao Yan for a while, the Ten Thousand Fire Sect became empty for a while, and although Xiao Yan was difficult to adapt for a while, Xiao Yan was still able to get used to it. He is also aware of the heavy responsibilities on their shoulders. After hesitating for a while, there is no slack. He takes the time to cultivate and stabilize his own strength, because Xiao Yan knows that the next step is probably the most important part of the trip to the ghost world, but don’t underestimate it. Now Xiao Yan's power.

Xiao Yan is now in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian. With the addition of the four attributes and various factors of the holy flame, if he exerts his full strength, he may not lose the combat power of some four-star Dou Xian perfection level powerhouses. This kind of guy with terrifying combat power can be described as The well-deserved first person in the Earth Spirit Academy.

And because Xiao Yan was so quiet, he was waiting for the news of Sheng Yan, because for some unknown reason, since returning to the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, the undead leaves related to the undead fire in Xiao Yan's body and the undead ghost sparrow that was seriously injured. , but it gave off a rather strange aura, as if smelling the traces of immortal fire, but it was impossible to determine it, which made Xiao Yan's heart quite hot.

The second is to wait for the Lord of Soul Eater to leave the customs. When the Second Domain declares war, it is the end of his ghost world, and he must conquer the holy flame before that time.

On the other side, among the Soul Devourer Territory, some powerhouses were already ready to move, but unfortunately they were suppressed by Hao Ni'er by forceful means, and they became more and more familiar with Li Soul Territory's defensive layout. It will become a glorious battle in the annals of ghosts.

"Queen... At the edge of Li Soul Territory, I noticed some guys from the evil race from outside the territory. According to the information returned by the subordinates, they seem to belong to the light demon's subordinates." After a while, the inside of the ship branch was quite gorgeous. Inside the house, a man in black robe respectfully said to Hao Ni'er.

"The power of light demons?"

"The demon of light is among the evil races outside the territory, but it is a king-level powerhouse with extremely tyrannical combat power. I remember that this guy has a mysterious origin, and he doesn't seem to have any blood feud with Li Soul Territory. This guy, what is the purpose of doing this..."

"Go on, keep an eye on them, and report them immediately if they do anything!" Hao Ni'er said with twinkling eyes.

"Yes..." When the scout heard the words, his figure disappeared, and he went to the front line to inquire about the news.

"Light Demon... What the **** is going on?"

"Teacher, you will succeed this time." At the end of the sentence, Hao Niyu slowly clenched the plate in front of his chest, closed her beautiful eyes gently, and prayed for him.

It's just that no one found out. At the same time, a great power from the demon world finally came to Li Soul Territory, and the task of looking for a human with Fen Jue seems to have come to an end.

the other side.

Among the four temples of the Lord of Li Soul.

The shrine where the Lord of Li Soul lives is the core of the Li Soul Domain. The energy of heaven and earth is profound, and it is guarded by countless powerhouses. The North Temple is the most powerful and even the largest in area, so it is the residence of the Lord of Li Soul. place.

"Tell me, what's going on." At this time, outside the North Temple, in a rather solemn temple, in front of the temple with four white jade stone pillars reaching the sky, the black throne stood quietly. At this time, three figures suddenly appeared in front of the throne. , but when these three figures appeared, in this hall, countless forces became quiet in an instant, as if welcoming the master of this world.

If Xiao Yan was here, he would naturally recognize that among the three, there were two people, Fang Hao, the master of the West Temple, and Chi Die, the master of the South Temple, and the last one was a white-haired man. The old man, the old man looked calm, and the white beard was flowing down the stream, but his body was full of a mysterious aura.

"Uncle..."

"The Qidu Inducing Soul Cup in the Earth Spirit Pagoda was robbed by the Lord of Soul Eater." Fang Hao shook his head and said, looking at the figure in front of him. His voice was full of remorse. It was obvious that he had volunteered to go there. Guarding, but now it has fallen to such a point, which makes him the face of the dignified West Temple Hall Master, plummeting.

"Qidu Divine Soul Cup... was robbed by the Lord of Soul Eater?"

"That guy, Lord of Soul Eater, didn't fall."

"It seems that the last time the master aggressively attacked the Soul Eater Domain, there were still a lot of hidden dangers." At this time, the white-haired old man slowly stroked his beard and muttered.

"Originally, there was only a Soul Eater, but he was not our opponent. Besides, he was seriously injured, and his strength was not enough at his peak. We are both eager to make contributions, so..." Chi Die on the side also said. .

"Originally we were about to succeed, but it was the disciple of the Lord of Soul Eater, and now Hao Ni'er, the Acting Domain Lord of Soul Eater, took action to save it."

"Hao Ni'er's current strength is probably the same as your uncle. I am worried that this rescue is definitely not accidental. Uncle should let us report this matter to the master as soon as possible, so as to prepare early and prevent Soul Eater from doing anything. Weird thing." At the end of the sentence, Fang Hao's expression was full of seriousness.

Uncle, the master of the North Temple, can say without hesitation that this guy holds the "Li Hun Guard" in his hands. He is the most trusted and tyrannical subordinate of the master of the soul, and countless things are left to him. It has even reached the late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Master has retreated." After a while, looking at the serious eyes of the two around him, Bo Lao also looked up at the endless void and muttered.

"Shut up?"

"Why is the master going to retreat at this time?"

"This..." Chi Die on the side couldn't help but wonder. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Could it be related to the research in Soul Academy?" The next moment Fang Hao's expression suddenly shrank, and he lost his voice.

"Go on, the master has already expected these things, and I will handle them." After Shunxi, the old man said helplessly,

"Hey..." The two heard the words, and immediately knew the seriousness of the matter, and now they can only leave, always vigilant about every move in Soul Eater Domain.

"Are you gone?" With the departure of the two powerhouses, on the hall, behind the black throne, a beautiful shadow slowly emerged, but on this shadow, countless gray thunders emerged, and the explosions of thunderbolts and thunderbolts exploded. Ringing, as if embracing their queen.

"His Royal Highness, this time the master is in retreat, and Li Hunyu's life and death may depend on you." Looking at the supreme power in front of him, who was enough to make countless powers surrender, Bo Lao also spoke respectfully.

"If things really come to the last step, I will take action." The woman surrounded by gray thunder heard the words and nodded lightly.

"But what the master meant was that Her Royal Highness, the princess, would obliterate all the powerhouses who had destroyed our Soul Realm. The master believes that you have such strength." After a while, Uncle said hurriedly.

"No... The Master of Soul Eater is that guy's teacher, I'll take action... But that doesn't mean I'll help you kill them."

"Even if we don't have the chance to be together in this life, I don't want him to hate me. Otherwise, there is no need for the sky under my feet to exist." As soon as the voice fell, countless gray thunders exploded like a king of heaven and earth. Generally speaking, a deafening roaring sound is emitted, and the power contained in that sound actually makes the uncle who is as strong as the late stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian feel fearful.

Because of the slight fluctuations on this girl's body... It is different from the power that an eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse can possess.

That... is a reincarnation.