Chapter 664: 3 Secrets of the Great Mountains

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations spread out immediately, which surprised the other Mu Yingying team members who were still fighting.

"This is... the captain?" said a dark-skinned woman in the women's team led by Ling Yun.

Not only this woman, but even a total of eight people including Mu Yingying, were slightly moved.

"Grandma, Xiao Yan's movement is a bit big." Mu Feng looked at the place where Ling Yun and Xiao Yan were fighting, a dazzling energy group kept exploding, and a figure with a heavy weight on his back slowly appeared.

After Yu Bo, who had been fighting, slowly dissipated, the figures of Ling Yun and Xiao Yan just appeared.

Xiao Yan held the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler with one hand, and the tip of the ruler pointed at Ling Yun who had fallen.

"I... lost." Ling Yun glanced at the slightly bleeding scar on his arm, and couldn't help but feel a little fortunate. If this Xiao Yan didn't give up in the end, I'm afraid the end would be extremely miserable.

"Since you lose, go back." Xiao Yan immediately put away the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his palm and carried it behind his back, saying very casually.

Although Xiao Yan was extremely casual, Ling Yun was clear that the thin figure in front of him seemed soft, but what kind of terrifying power was contained within him, such flames, even she could only look up.

"I want to see your full strength!" Ling Yun said with a bit of stubbornness on the corner of his mouth, even if he lost, Ling Yun would never allow himself to lose so vaguely.

Just now, he and Xiao Yan were evenly matched, but at the time of the final victory, this Xiao Yan secretly used the formation to limit a part of his own power. In addition to the terrifying power that erupted from the ancient ruler of strange fire in Xiao Yan's hand, this was the only way Let Ling Yun be defeated.

"It took eight points." Xiao Yan said calmly.

It's just that even though he only used eight points of his strength, Xiao Yan's evaluation of Ling Yun was quite high. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's ability to use a battle formation master coupled with the terror of a natural body emperor, I am afraid that most people would have no problem with Ling Yun. Quite difficult to deal with.

"You all, stop!" The next moment, Ling Yun said to the four women behind him.

As soon as the words fell, the four women immediately withdrew from the battle between Mu Yingying and the others, and then returned to Ling Yun.

"This..." Seeing this, Mu Feng was about to start, but was stopped by Mu Yingying.

"It can be seen that these people are very convinced of her." Mu Yingying said softly, then looked at Xiao Yan and Ling Yun.

"If you lose, you lose, and I will naturally tell you the information you need." Ling Yun got up slightly, patted the dust on his clothes, then took some healing medicine from the ring and put it on it, then faced Xiao Yan said.

"Captain, you..." said the dark-skinned woman among the four women.

"I lost, Xiao Yan is indeed stronger than me, and it is even possible to defeat those guys in the ground team." Ling Yun turned around and said to the group of teammates behind him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Impossible, Captain, you are a powerhouse in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. How could Xiao Yan..." The dark-skinned woman still couldn't believe it, this Lingyun teammate who used to be one of the best in their halls in the past would actually be defeated by one person In the hands of the boy of the temple.

"Maybe now that you don't believe me, I always feel that this kid is not simple, and maybe he will become the pride of our Fenxiang Pavilion in the future." Ling Yun's mentality has changed a lot. After all, this is just a venue for their Fenxiang Pavilion. , so Ling Yun knew what kind of potential this Xiao Yan had, so he made these words.

"Well, this is the wooden card for this competition."

"But I forgot to tell you. If you collect all three wooden cards at once, it is useless to have too many, because only three are useful." Ling Yun flipped it over in his hand, and two wooden cards immediately appeared.

"Bring it here." Xiao Yan said calmly.

Although only three of these wooden cards are useful for each team, Xiao Yan would not let them go when the women's team eliminated the first team of named disciples in their Human Palace before.

"I really don't know how to pity Xiangxiyu at all." The dark-skinned woman sighed and said immediately.

"Speak the truth."

"Since your wooden plaques have been lost, you will be leaving after you have come here for a long time." Xiao Yan said.

"What you said is indeed true, but even though I failed this time, I will always get to know a classmate like you. It is a worthwhile trip." Ling Yun said.

"Do you know why this trial is different from the same one?" Ling Yun Zaidu asked.

"I don't know." The five Mu Yingying, including Xiao Yan, shook their heads. Obviously, even the daughter of the Hall Master of the Earth Palace did not know about this kind of thing.

"In the past, the selection competitions were mainly based on the Hall of Earth and the Hall of Humanity. In groups of five, the team competed in the Burning Heaven Domain in the Burning Incense Pavilion to determine the winner, but this time it was suddenly dispatched to Luoling Mountain. On the one hand, it is to prepare for the next sect competition, and on the other hand, there are many things hidden in the three major mountain ranges of Luoling Mountain. As long as you can get it, then it is your own, and it will be your personal improvement. It is also very wonderful, so this is also the purpose of Burning Incense Pavilion."

"According to my guess, Xuan Sansan has been quiet for too long, and I'm afraid there will be a catastrophe. Before that, it's our responsibility for the sect to improve your strength as much as possible."

"As for the three major mountain ranges of Luoling Mountain, we still have to start from Luoling Mountain."

"The ghost world is an extremely large whole. Just like our human world, it is a branch of the ghost world that attacked us in Xuantian. They coveted the land of our Xuantian people and spirits in an vain attempt to rule Xuansan through war. Heaven, we are not a nuisance for the numerous sects in Xuantian San, and every time we fight with the ghost world, we will leave a battlefield, and as far as I know, there are no less than dozens of battlefields."

"The ghost energy of Luoling Mountain has almost been melted away, but the other places are extremely dangerous."

"The three major mountain ranges in the Luoling Mountains are the Wuxing Mountains inhabited by the Five Elements Beasts, the Tianmu Mountains inhabited by the Tianmu Giant Beasts, and the unknown Wuliang Mountain."

"Among them, the Five Elements Mountain Range is full of crises, and the Five Elements Beast has five attributes. If you want to defeat or kill, you must use five attributes."

"And the Heavenly Eye Giant Beast that lives in the Tianmu Mountains has wisdom that surpasses that of human beings, but one more thing, don't provoke the Heavenly Eye Giant Beast, otherwise, even a powerhouse with a six-star Dou Emperor Consummation, I am afraid it will be more fortunate than good..." Ling Yun said slightly.

"And the Boundless Mountain?" Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words, and then said.

"Boundless Mountain..."

"Don't say that the overlord is me. I'm afraid not many elders in the sect know. If you enter the Wuliang Mountain, then just retreat. You can't handle it." Ling Yun said with some worry.

"This is the end of the matter, let's go." After Xiao Yan heard this, he immediately put away the five wooden tokens in his hand, and walked towards a halo-filled place behind him.

"Captain, are we just leaving..." The dark-skinned woman said obviously unwillingly.

"Let's go, I didn't participate in this trial for these rewards. Let's prepare for the next sect competition." After Ling Yun finished speaking, he got up and headed towards the exit of Luoling Mountain!

Lost the wooden sign, obviously no longer qualified to continue here.

"Brother Xiao Yan is in such a hurry to leave, could it be..." Just as Ling Yun's team left, a laughter sounded from the hidden Dawn team.

Ask for tickets!