Chapter Vol 2 829: looking for medicine

Guanghan Island, there are many basins here, but most of them are small basins. Among the basins, the terrain is low-lying, with clear waters and green mountains, and it is extremely beautiful. Obviously, it is some extremely beautiful sightseeing places.

"The inheritance of the Moon Fairy is really not easy." Xiao Yan was the first to break the calm and said.

Everyone just entered the Guanghan Island, and immediately glanced around, and found that the Guanghan Island was not as rich as they imagined.

"I'm afraid that the purple palace is full of dangers." Wudu glanced at the terrain of other basins and didn't find anything wrong, and then said vigilantly.

"Looks like you're as strong as you are, and you're afraid." Xiu Qi couldn't help laughing when she heard the words. This was the first time Xiu Qi saw Wu Po's expression like this.

"I don't believe that you didn't feel that thing inside." Wudu heard the words and denied it in disbelief.

"Fighting soul, right?"

"I can't think of things that can only be possessed by the strong immortals, but they will actually be in this ruins. It seems that this inheritance is not as attractive as this fighting spirit." Xiu Qi said with a smile.

"That's not necessarily true." After Wu Du finished speaking, he glanced at Yue Ru who was behind Xiu Qi.

"Let's go."

"That purple palace is easy to defend and difficult to attack. I'm afraid it will take a lot of time for these people to enter." Xiao Yan said.

"Let's go here." Yue Ru heard the words, nodded immediately, and then led the way.

Following Yueru's lead, the large army immediately followed.

Not long after everyone left, they arrived at their destination.

"Is this the medicine garden?"

"What a strong aroma of medicinal herbs." Qin Xin couldn't help looking at the forest in front of her, which was wrapped by a layer of strange power, and opened her mouth slightly.

"Be careful, these scents are poisonous." Leng Fuyao smiled when he saw this.

"Poisonous?" Qin Xin's expression suddenly became a little strange when she heard the words.

"Sister Qinxin, what's wrong with you?"

"Don't scare me."

"I just said it casually." Leng Fuyao said in horror when he saw Qin Xin's expression was wrong.

"Hey, I'm fine." The two of them laughed naturally, without any other change.

"The relationship between these two guys is really good." Mu Feng said involuntarily.

"Let's go, go in and have a look." Xiao Yan used his soul power to explore the forest, and then spoke.

"Let's go." When everyone heard the words, they looked at each other immediately.

"There are a lot of precious medicinal materials in this forest. Be careful when you go in for a while, don't step on it." Xiao Yan did not forget to exhort.

"This guy, I can't tell that he is so careful." Leng Fuyao glanced at Xiao Yan slightly, and then said.

As a pharmacist, a person's conduct has a lot to do with his treatment of medicinal materials.

"This……"

"How do you get in?" Mu Feng took the lead to the edge of the forest, but saw a circle of extremely rich green wrapping the entire forest.

That green aura was extremely strange, no matter what Mu Feng did, he would not be moved at all.

"This green aura is not poisonous, but more like a protective film to protect this place." Xiao Yan said.

"Leave it to me." Just when Xiao Yan was about to start, the mysterious rune on Yue Ru's forehead slowly spread out, and then left in front of everyone with a green aura.

"Shabu Shabu!" Following Yueru's actions, the protective film immediately disappeared, leaving a gap large enough for everyone to enter.

"Come in." Through that gap, everyone only felt comfortable for a while, and then poured directly into it.

"strangeness……"

"Why has Huoxin Tianyan been feeling uneasy ever since he came to this Guanghan Island."

"And this unease, which purple crystal palace seems to come from?" Xiao Yan and Yueru entered at the end, Xiao Yan raised his head and looked at the mysterious palace in the distance with doubts.

"What are you thinking?" Seeing that everyone else had entered the medicine garden, Yue Ru immediately smiled at Xiao Yan.

It is not easy to have the opportunity to get along independently.

"It's alright, isn't there any movement in your inheritance rune?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Entering Guanghan Island, I was indeed attracted by the purple crystal palace." Yue Rudai raised her eyes slightly, and instantly met Xiao Yan's eyes.

"Let's go."

"I still need some medicinal herbs. When I find it, I will accompany you to the palace." Xiao Yan smiled and was about to enter.

"You said, it would be great if time stayed the same now." Yueru said, seeming to miss the time they spent together.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan naturally didn't know what Yueru was thinking at this time, and immediately entered it.

"Xiao Yan, I can vaguely guess from Fairy Moon's inheritance rune, your background may be very mysterious."

"But so what?"

"When I get the inheritance of Fairy Moon, I'm not bad. I won't let you go easily then!"

"Humph!" Yueru looked at Xiao Yan who had disappeared, a warm smile appeared on the corner of her mouth, and a hint of blush appeared on her cheeks, and she immediately submerged in it.

With the disappearance of Xiao Yan and his party, the second daughter of Hoshitaki also appeared slowly.

"Here, the power of medicinal herbs is so strong."

"These guys, who didn't leave the place of inheritance, actually came here to get medicine. It's true." Xiaobi spoke first, obviously not knowing what Xiao Yan and the others were doing.

"I think they also know that if the inheritance in this purple crystal palace is so easy to obtain it would be a bit ridiculous."

"Be careful, they are the outstanding disciples of the three sects of Fenxiang Pavilion, Wanhua Pavilion, and Poison Sect together. If they find out, I'm afraid we..." The two of them just finished speaking and immediately followed.

In the medicine garden, there are all kinds of strange medicinal materials, so Xing Taki and the others also have what they need, so they did not go to the palace immediately, but wanted to find what they needed with Xiao Yan and the others first.

"These guys..." After a while, Wang Xie and Guni appeared behind the two of them.

"Xiao Yan's team is a bit strong right now." Wang Chen's eyes flashed with solemnity.

After all, regardless of Xiao Yan's elusive strength, with the addition of the two women Xiu Qi and Wu Po, Wang Xie and Wang Xie were no longer able to deal with them.

"Take one step at a time, don't worry, although Xiao Yan's team is very strong, it may not be so easy to swallow me," Guni said.

"Hide your breath."

"Let's go, go down and have a look." After Wang Xie finished speaking, they went straight into the medicine garden. So far, the medicine garden was extremely lively.

"This is a lot more interesting." Just when the second daughter Xingtaki and Wang Xie entered the medicine garden, they did not know that at the entrance of the medicine garden, a colorless soul force was rapidly feeding back to Xiao Yan, obviously The conversation of the few people just now was completely listened to by Xiao Yan!

I just got home, and I wrote a chapter. Today, I will guarantee four more updates. Maybe the update will be delayed.