Chapter Vol 2 785: The Promise of the Demon Whale

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan had no choice but to shoot the arrow now!

Immediately, he raised the dazzling Eternal Fire Ruler on the palm of his hand and slashed at the extremely sturdy body of the Demon Whale.

"Crack!" Xiao Yan's seemingly powerful attack landed on the Demon Whale, but it was tickling like a mosquito, and did not cause any substantial damage to the Demon Whale!

"Humph!" Although it didn't seem like it left any obvious damage on the body of the Demon Whale, the Demon Whale snorted loudly, and Xiao Yan's figure was instantly shaken by the powerful impact of the Demon Whale. Meter.

"This guy has such a terrifying defensive power. It seems that I can't do any damage to it now, so I can only retreat first." Although Xiao Yan had a hundred unwillingness in his heart, he could only retreat temporarily at this time.

Xiao Yan's desire to retreat was born. He was just about to use the space teleportation formation, but he heard the demon whale say that day.

"Human, don't be in a hurry."

"I believe there are some things you must be interested in." But the Demon Whale put away his attack and said to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan clearly felt the huge changes that happened behind the Demon Whale!

If the Demon Whale just now had the intention of killing them and made fun of them, it would be an equal dialogue now.

"What?" Xiao Yan felt the change in the Demon Whale, and immediately asked the Demon Whale instead of triggering the space teleportation formation.

"Wait a second." But the Demon Whale said something to Xiao Yan.

Immediately, a circle of blue water curtains suddenly wrapped the entire huge body around the Demon Whale, apparently not knowing what to do.

"What is this guy doing?" Seeing this, Xiu Qi immediately realized that the enmity of the Demon Whale towards the two of them was not so strong, and she was about to look at Xiao Yan.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan was immediately confused, but Xiao Yan could feel that the Demon Whale did not have any killing intent towards them at this time.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Gulu gulu!" The moment the huge bodies of the demon whales in front of them were wrapped by the blue water curtain, there were bursts of extremely strange sounds.

"Huhu, it's still a good identity."

"The main body is too big to move, haha." After a while, a man who looked like a human slowly walked out of the huge body of the original demon whale.

The man has blue hair, which is quite the same color as the sea, and the man looks energetic, obviously a middle-aged man.

"Beast transformation?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised.

Although the Demon Whale is powerful today, the transformation of a monster can be achieved in a short time with its strength, but if you want to truly transform into a human, you still need to wait until you break through the battle of immortals and choose to practice.

"What's your kid's name?" The human-looking Demon Whale was very interested in Xiao Yan and couldn't help but ask.

"Xiao Yan." Faced with the question from the Demon Whale, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate and said directly.

Although he didn't know why, Xiao Yan always felt that the devil whale seemed to have something to help them this day.

"Xiao Yan?"

"I really underestimated you before."

"I didn't expect that at such a young age, I would have possessed the wonders of heaven and earth like holy flame." After the Demon Whale finished speaking, there was some greed in his voice.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan immediately became vigilant. After all, the strength of the Demon Whale is there. If he were to do something tricky, Xiao Yan would not be able to do anything about it.

"Don't worry, although the holy flame on you is very attractive, I won't do anything to you."

"And I still need your help with something." The demon whale with a fit human appearance smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Sure enough." When Xiao Yan heard this, he was suddenly stunned.

"Your Excellency, what a dignified eight-star Dou Emperor can't do, is a six-star Dou Emperor in the lower district. It seems a little too much for me, right?" In the face of the demon whale, Xiao Yan was also a person, and hurriedly shied away.

"Hehe, don't think that I don't know why you humans entered the ruins." When the Demon Whale heard this, he immediately knew that Xiao Yan was not a character to be provoked.

"Since Your Excellency knows our purpose, why are you stopping us here?" Xiao Yan questioned.

"My existence here has something to do with this sea area. You will naturally understand when you see that guy afterwards." The demon whale pretended to be profound.

"That guy?" When Xiao noticed the demon whale talking about that guy, the power in his body trembled involuntarily, and he was obviously very afraid of that guy.

"Okay, let's get down to business."

"There is actually a reason why I exist at the entrance to the ruins."

"That guy told me that anyone who encounters abnormal flames can be put into it."

"But this time, there seem to be a lot of people here, so I won't try to intercept the humans behind." The Demon Whale said.

"Actually someone was used as a spearman." Xiao Yan cursed secretly.

Their group was naturally the first group to enter the ruins, but they were stopped by the demon whale before they went deep into the ruins. Now that the demon whale has waited for the person with the abnormal flame, this guy actually doesn't care about the ruins. matter.

In this way, Xiao Yan and the others just made a fortune for the guys behind, which made Xiao Yan quite unhappy.

"Hey, don't do that, kid."

"There are countless treasures in this ruin."

"If you hadn't made an agreement with that guy, I'm afraid these things wouldn't be your turn."

"And what I need you to do is to enter Guanghan Island among the three islands. As for what to do, you will know when you go in." The Demon Whale said with a smile.

"Guanghan Island?" Xiao Yan questioned.

"good."

"The three islands above us are Guanghan Island, Yutu Island, and Moonlight Island."

"Among them, if you want to enter Guanghan Island, you must get some tokens from Jade Rabbit Island and Moonlight Island." The Demon Whale said with a smile.

"Guanghan Island should be the island with a purple palace that I saw in the sky before That island is really mysterious." Xiao Yan couldn't help thinking.

"Do you still have any questions?" Seeing Xiao Yan nodding thoughtfully, the Demon Whale asked.

"I don't know where the fire of life and death is located on that island..." Xiao Yan asked slightly.

Since he and the Demon Whale made an agreement to enter Guanghan Island to help others, he must have some reward.

"Is life and death a fire?"

"This thing is a rare treasure. I remember that it exists on Moonlight Island." The Demon Whale said.

"Moonlight Island..." Xiao Yan heard the words and wrote it down secretly, and then he had an idea in his heart.

The reason why Guanghan Island needs tokens from Jade Rabbit Island and Moonlight Island to enter, obviously there should be a complete inheritance there, and now Xiao Yan's plan is to get the fire of life and death first, and then go to Guanghan Dao helps Yueru obtain inheritance.

"Since you already know, I wish you good luck."

"If we're lucky, we can meet again in Guanghan Island." The Demon Whale had blue hair draped behind him, and as soon as he finished speaking, the Demon Whale's body actually floated up, and then the next moment, directly in front of Xiao Yan and the two of them. Slowly rise in front of you!

And the place where it rises is the Guanghan Island that requires a special token to enter!

"Son of a bitch!"

"You haven't told me how to enter the other two islands!" Xiao Yan couldn't help scolding when he saw the figure of the demon whale rising and disappearing instantly.

Ask for tickets!