Chapter Vol 4 1354: Mysterious guy!

"Sisi!" On the gray earth, many contestants can be seen everywhere at this time. These contestants are all capturing energy bodies to enhance their strength, but some weak contestants are all was eliminated.

When entering the Thunder Tomb, the strong men in the Thunder Valley forge the sword told them that if they encountered an irresistible enemy, they directly crushed the Thunder Card, and they would be teleported out of the Thunder Tomb immediately. But the fact that his life is worry-free has also made tens of thousands of contestants quite agree.

"Oh...it's really bad luck!"

"I just met the energy body of a two-star fighting immortal powerhouse, but the team of the Alchemist Association gave it a head start..." The man in the lead said with a look of anger.

They are a squad of the mercenary union.

In Leicheng, in addition to those who are truly proud of the sky, there are also some powerhouses who have just reached the level of fighting immortals will be sent to the tomb of thunder by their respective forces. The rare power, coupled with the opportunity of Lei Tomb to increase strength, naturally, the major forces will not miss this opportunity, and they have sent many teams to enter it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn Alchemist Association, this is too deceiving."

"If they hadn't had a two-star Dou Xian in charge, our mercenary union wouldn't be like this..." The dozens of people who traveled with them couldn't help but feel depressed. Xing Dou Xian obviously still has a long way to go, and the energy of the two-star Dou Xian just now can only be given up.

"Forget it, let's go to other places to see." The next moment, the leading man of the mercenary union also said helplessly, and then walked around with a group of men.

"Oh?"

"The guys from the mercenary union?" Just when the guys from the mercenary union just left, a figure wrapped in white bandages appeared under their feet.

This is a man. The man is completely wrapped in white bandages, only revealing a pair of extremely strange pupils. The whole body is like a mummy, full of traces of white bandages. As for the white bandages, there seems to be some The existence of special lines is extremely mysterious.

"Why are you blocking our way?"

"We are the people of the mercenary union." Seeing such a powerful man appearing directly in the void, the leader of the mercenary union said in doubt.

"Where is the madrigal of your mercenary union now?" The white bandaged man ignored the questioning of the group of people, glanced lightly from the corner of his eye, and said contemptuously.

"Humph."

"For a guy of your level, where do you need Senior Brother Pastor to take action, we are enough to kill you!"

"Look at the move!" Although Mu Ge is proud, he often participates in the mercenary trade union's tasks, so he has a high status in the mercenary trade union, and has an excellent reputation. When this unknown guy drinks like this, he immediately has a hard time seeing it. The figure opened his mouth.

"Looking for death!" The white bandaged man said softly, and then some of the white bandages on his body fell off his body like living things, and then easily penetrated the bodies of the resisting guys!

"Boom!" When these one-star fighting immortals were worn like this, they lost all their vitality and disappeared into the void as a burst of powder.

"Three...Three-star Dou Xian?" And looking at this scene, the leader of the mercenary union also became ugly. This level of crushing, only the powerhouse of the three-star Dou Xian level can appear. Until now, A fear of death filled his mind.

"Speak or not?" The white bandaged figure seemed to be extremely impatient to ask.

"If you don't say it...you'll die!" And looking at the few remaining people below who didn't mean to speak at all, the white bandaged figure snorted coldly, the white bandage was falling off, and with a sharp attack, he directly attacked Attacked by the few surviving powerhouses below!

"Run!" The leader of the mercenary union didn't have time to do more things at this time. He shouted loudly, and the remaining figures fled in all directions. Now, they can only protect themselves and run a few Count a few, after all, the strength gap is too obvious.

"It's too much." The white bandaged figure shook his head slowly, and then the white bandages separated several lines and shot at the fleeing figure. Their attack strength was so strong that if they hit, they would be killed instantly.

"Ha ha."

"When did you guys from the Xieguang Gang become so arrogant?" Just when the white bandages were about to obliterate everyone, a sneer spread in this space.

"Who?"

"Get out!" Just when the voice just came out, the figure in the white bandage couldn't help but feel a tremor in his heart. He was about to retract the white bandage instantly, and then wrapped it tightly around his body.

"You can't change your name, don't change your surname."

"Xiao Yan." The next moment, a huge ray of light with a fierce flame slashed towards the white bandaged figure.

"Crash!" Above the flames, there was an extremely masculine aura, and just after entering the white bandaged figure, it immediately brought an extremely tyrannical oppression, which greatly increased the pressure on the man.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Has the same name and surname as the lower world kid whom the Soul Palace named to arrest?"

"A coincidence or not?" At this moment, a strange thought slowly appeared in the figure of the white bandaged figure.

"Tsk tsk...it looks like it's a big fish!" Xiao Yan's huge soul power naturally sensed the inner thoughts of the white bandaged man and immediately laughed.

Still far away, the holy flame in Xiao Yan's body erupted with an extremely tyrannical disgust, which also proved that there should be foreign evil races mixed into the Thunder Tomb. In addition to this guy in front of him, the white bandage was like a mummy. The strange costume that usually wraps his body completely makes Xiao Yan unable to help confirm the identity of the guy in front of him!

This guy is an alien race!

The white bandage on his body is not only a weapon, but also has an extremely tyrannical sealing power. Under the sealing power of the white bandage, the evil power in his body is extremely difficult to find. However, Xiao Yan has a holy flame, and it is not so simple. The seal will be able to cope with the past.

"You take good care of the guys from the mercenary union."

"This bastard, leave it to me!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling fighting spirit on his body suddenly became hot, and his eyes locked tightly on the white bandaged man in front of him.

"Ha ha."

"Boy, you don't seem to be weak, but if you want to defeat me, it's a fool's errand!" Facing Xiao Yan's arrogant tone, the man in the white bandage snorted coldly and said the same.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's do it!"

"If you lose the match, you will fall into my hands." Xiao Yan's eyes became hot, obviously not knowing whether it was because of Sheng Yan's restraint or hatred of the evil race outside the territory, or because Xiao Yan, as the controller of the holy flame, had to obliterate the foreigners The mission of the evil clan caused Xiao Yan to show some twists that were close to madness!

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.