Chapter 423: Task!

"Susu... This fire unicorn pill is not easy to get." Among Solomon's three strong men, the short figure in the middle also said, but there was some evil feeling in his voice.

Solomon's three powerhouses, the strongest is Liu Quan, who has already set foot on the nine-star Dou Emperor level, but doesn't know how many rank he has entered, Song Li, a middle-stage Eight-star Dou-Emperor, and Yang, a late-stage Eight-star Dou-Emperor. dimension!

After Liu Quan finished speaking, the two figures beside him obviously nodded, but the next moment, Song Li also said: "Three sect masters, although this thing is not easy to get, but we can..." After finishing speaking, he also stroked his neck. one time.

"Haha." Liu Quan nodded with satisfaction.

Their lineup, no matter where they are placed, can be walked sideways, so they are not too worried, because most of the people who came to participate in the auction this time are only some seven-star or eight-star fighting emperor level powerhouses , is not a big threat to them.

"But don't take it lightly, don't forget that killing Zhu Jin is our business." After Liu Quan finished speaking, he also stared at the medicinal pill on the crystal platform, and a greedy aura emerged.

"Father, if we get this thing, it can be said to our Sun family..." Sun Xiang also said with hot eyes.

"Forget it, this thing is not something we can interfere with, and although our Sun family is good in all aspects, there is no powerhouse at the peak of Dou Di. This is also the most worrying."

Although this fire qidan is extremely terrifying, it must have that life to enjoy.

"Alas..." Sun Xiang could only helplessly sigh.

In the No. 7 private room, the two people in this room were the same people who had previously photographed the three flowered pupils of the furnace.

They are members of the Wan Po Sect, and they belong to the Poison Sect, but they have always been suppressed by the Poison Sect.

Young Master Po, the genius of the Wan Po Sect, is now a mid-stage six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. As for this old man, outsiders often call him Poison Old Monster, and he is also a terrifying powerhouse of the eight-star Dou Emperor Perfection level.

"Elder Du, this thing..." Young Master Du also asked slowly.

"Let's see if we can get this thing." The old man also said with a fiery gaze.

"Master, do we want this thing..." In a private room, Tu Ling also said slightly solemnly.

"Patriarch is currently retreating and attacking Dou Xian, if there is such a thing..." The soil walker also smiled, but the implication was very obvious.

In addition, some forces are also bound to win this Fire Qidan.

"Let's get started." Some noisy voices came directly from the private room.

"Hehe, since everyone can't wait so much, let's get started."

"But before the auction starts, Blood Rose has to remind everyone that everyone knows the preciousness of this fire qidan, but... since the auctioneer can come up with this kind of thing, then the strength behind it is not weak. Everyone should think about it clearly." Blood Rose also said slightly.

As the blood rose's words fell, some people around suddenly realized something, but the enthusiasm for this fire qidan did not weaken in the slightest.

"Because the preciousness of Fire Qidan can no longer be measured by pure gold coins, the auction rules for this Fire Qidan are the same as those of the Jade Snake Three Flower Pupils just now!"

"Everyone, please increase the price!"

"However, if you shoot this thing, then you have to agree to a condition for the shooter, and this condition will be within your tolerance." Xue Qiangwei also moved her lips slightly, which was extremely attractive.

"The value of this thing, I'm afraid I won't be able to auction off all my belongings now." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly after hearing this.

"Hehe, you little guys."

"This time is just to open your eyes."

"We have nothing to do here, let's go." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he also got up and prepared to leave.

"Xiao Yan, that girl with three flower pupils in the furnace is so pitiful..." Mu Yingying has never had any abnormality because of the items in this auction, only the girl with three flowers in the furnace made her quite uneasy. lost.

"Don't worry, Elder Zhu is here." Xiao Yan also comforted.

With the voice, the group of four also slowly left the private room.

The auction went on for a long time, and in the end, the highlight of the fire Qidan was auctioned off by the Poison Sect at an extremely expensive price. At this point, the auction was over.

In this auction, both the Nine Yin Demon Worm and the Fire Qidan were taken by people from the Poison Sect. As for the mysterious residual picture, it was taken by Xuanmu, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family, who owns the three-flowered cauldron. The girl was photographed by the Ten Thousand Poison Sect. As for some other medicinal materials and medicinal herbs, they were also auctioned off one after another, but they were nothing compared to these.

"Elder Zhu, what should we do now?" In a certain inn, Elder Zhu slowly closed his eyes and sat down, then Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng also stood beside him.

"Haha, this kind of expensive thing must be treated extremely solemnly, so the bee sting news I got, the people of the poison sect and the ten thousand poison sect will come out overnight tonight."

"It's just that it's not just us who are interested in this fire qidan... the Dan Wang Chenxin in the Pill Valley, the Tujia soil walker and even the members of the Xuanling royal family are all ready to intervene." Old Zhu's voice was also slow.

"Since that's the case, it's not too late, we should start right away!" Mu Feng, who was on the side, heard the words and said, because he also knew the mysterious effect of this fire unicorn pill. Compared with the two-pattern yin and yang heart, it was no different from this fire unicorn pill. Even more fascinating.

"Hehe, don't worry, we still have to wait for a few more people." Elder Zhu also said indifferently.

"Wait for someone?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and also felt that a rather familiar aura seemed to be flying from not far away It seems to be..." Xiao Yan also seemed to have discovered something!

"Big brother!" A happy voice also appeared at the door of the room.

"Xiao Yi?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also blurted out suddenly!

Because it is exactly the same as the milky white flame in Xiao Yan's body, I am afraid that Xiao Yi is the only one in other places and the world!

At this time, Xiao Yi was covered in white clothes, and the white clothes set off her enchanting figure, and Xiao Yan also seemed to have noticed that Xiao Yi's aura had also changed a bit.

"During the days when you were gone, eldest brother, under the guidance of the deputy hall master Mu Xuzi, I also broke through to the level of perfection of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor." Although Xiao Yi looked quite handsome, in front of Xiao Yan, he scratched his head and laughed. .

"Haha, that's fine." Xiao Yan was also proud of Xiao Yi's rapid strength.

"Haha, since this kid entered my Burning Incense Pavilion, I just felt it, the identity of the fire elf."

"So there's no need to bury him." Zhu Lao's voice also said slowly, obviously even though he knew the identity of this Xiao Yi, he didn't have any other thoughts.

"Well, don't forget me." A very dissatisfied snarl also appeared, and everyone looked for the voice, and it was the green flute.

"Since the five of you are here, then I'll give you your first mission, attack the desert!"

"Xiao Yan, you are fully responsible!"

"Five people go out, if there is any one missing when they come back, I will ask you!" Zhu Lao's voice also broke through, and then he said to Xiao Yan.

"Yes, Elder Zhu!" Xiao Yan also responded, and then his eyes became hot.

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: