Chapter 373: The seventh floor of the underground palace!

"Cough, cough..." The next moment, Mu Yingying also came back to her senses, and then she just felt a weak feeling in her body.

"Yingying, let's go!" A powerful voice also slowly entered Mu Yingying's mind!

"Brother!" Mu Yingying heard the words, her pupils also became a little wet, this familiar feeling was clearly his long-lost brother!

"elder brother!"

"is it you?"

"Where the **** are you!" Mu Yingying couldn't help but say.

I used to have a smooth life with my brother, but unexpectedly, my brother went out for a year and never came back. No matter how Mu Yingying contacted her brother, there was no news!

At this moment, listening to her brother's voice, Mu Yingying's longing tears couldn't stop flowing.

However, some of the responses to Mu Yingying were just deathly silence!

The next moment, Mu Yingying's eyes suddenly spread out, and she glanced away at the surface of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and then a huge power emerged in an instant!

Suspended in front of Mu Yingying's chest, there was an extremely weak blue flame.

The azure flame slowly floated in front of Mu Yingying's chest, slowly exuding a strange power!

This power, even if it is Xiao Yan, is very afraid!

The space seemed to be burning, and I couldn't help trembling slightly! ! !

"What's the smell!" On the seventh floor of the underground palace, the old man who had closed his eyes slightly opened his eyes instantly, and the huge perception instantly filled the seventh floor of the entire underground palace.

The next moment, the old man's perception was also locked in the first floor of the underground palace.

"What is that..." The old man also murmured slowly, because from his perception, there is a terrifying flame force that is not inferior to Holy Flame in the first floor of the underground palace at this time!

"Not good." The man who was bound by the chains in the seventh-floor underground palace also sensed the intention of the old man in front of him, and immediately said to himself.

The next moment, the black flames all over the man appeared impressively, and then mixed with unstoppable power, roaring away at the old man!

Just as the man mobilized his strength, the chains around his body tightened abruptly, and then a burst of pain spread all over his body, but at this time the man couldn't care so much, and his eyes were only red.

"Humph!"

Facing such a ferocious black flame, Rao, with the strength of the old man, did not dare to take it rashly. He immediately focused his attention on the black flame, and when he moved his hands, a terrifying power instantly matched the black flame. The flames are against each other!

"Boom boom boom!"

Horrible fluctuations also erupted in this dark space.

"damn it!"

"The power of this holy flame has been suppressed, yet it is still so terrifying. Thankfully, this place was specially created, otherwise it would not be able to withstand the attack of this lunatic." The old man also said slowly.

"Ah ah ah!" As the attack fell, the man also cried out like he was going crazy!

Because when the man launched the attack just now, the chains running through his body also surged, bringing him the pain of ten thousand chains!

"Humph!"

"Yanzhi, why bother with our Xuanling royal family, as long as you promise to submit to us, then the inexhaustible glory and wealth will be in front of you..." The old man was also talking.

"A group of hypocritical hypocrites are also worthy of my obedience?"

"If you want to get my source power, can you come and try it?" The man called Yanzhi also laughed and said disdainfully.

"Hahaha!"

"Don't worry, you won't be so stubborn soon." The old man also said slowly.

"You said it hundreds of years ago, and it's the same now." Yan Zhi snorted coldly.

Hearing this, the old man didn't pay any attention to the scorching heat, closed his eyes, and continued to practice.

"Why can't you sense it?" Above the surface of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, Mu Yingying also said with disbelief!

"Brother..." He whispered softly.

Some of those who responded to Mu Yingying were just dead silent.

The next moment, Mu Yingying also slowly put away the flame in front of her chest. The power of this flame, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fire power is not inferior!

"elder brother!"

"You can't have any accident." Mu Yingying also moved her lips slightly, and then said slightly worried.

After a brief thought, Mu Yingying was not stopping, after all, it was to prevent the witch from coming back.

Mu Yingying immediately headed towards a certain place she sensed...

Where, it is the core area of ​​Xuanling Emperor Pond, where Xiao Yan retreated, but I don't know why this Mu Yingying does not have any token of the Tianmuyu clan on her body, but she actually knows this core area...

"Cough cough cough..."

"damn it!"

"What is the relationship between this woman and the one in the deepest part of the underground palace!" The witch also dived into the water, and then slowly left where Mu Yingying was.

"Actually let the person in the deepest part of the underground palace not hesitate to take a shot!"

"That person in the deepest part of the underground palace is a genuine fighting fairy!" The little witch's appearance was also quite dissatisfied, but the evening dress on her body was also horribly broken, but the witch also had blood flowing out. It wasn't that the witch left at that time, she had no doubt that she would be killed directly by the one in the deepest part of the underground palace!

Because she felt the taste of real destruction from the power just now!

"It's all small monsters who came in this time." After the witch finished speaking, she didn't do anything. She walked towards the depths of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, not knowing what to do.

“Shabu Shabu!”

"Hoohoohoo."

"What a strong power." On the other side, Mu Feng was also directly immersed in the water, and then said slowly.

"But I just don't know where Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying are going..." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he was enjoying himself, because the mysterious power in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, even if he just came into contact with it. In the water in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, an extremely comfortable feeling spread all over the body in an instant.

"Dou Didan..."

"It seems that this time I can also use this Dou Di Pill to break through the five-star Dou Di." Mu Feng also laughed.

Although Mu Feng was only at the peak of the late four-star Dou Emperor, he was only one step away from the completion of the four-star Dou Emperor, so with the help of the mysterious effects of Dou Di Dan and Xuanling Emperor Pond, it was a matter of course.

With a plan, Mu Feng also plunged into the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and the further down he went, the greater the effect.

At this time, Xiao Yan was also located in the center of the core area of ​​the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and then he sat cross-legged, and the water in front of him that contained extremely terrifying vitality was slowly moisturizing Xiao Yan's body!

"Let's give you some tips!" Seeing this, Long Yi also smiled secretly, and the next moment, Xiao Yan was thrown into a pond by Long Yi!

This pond appeared when Xiao Yan took the Origin of Life Stone, but although the area is small and can only be soaked up to Xiao Yan's neck, the terrifying power contained in it is also slowly nourishing Xiao Yan. .

As for Mu Yingying, she also came to the periphery of the isolated island where Xiao Yan was, and found that she could not enter the isolated island no matter what, so she gave up immediately, and then went directly around the isolated island, took off her clothes, and then slowly walked into the sea, soaked in the In the water, only the forehead was exposed.

A body as white as jade also appeared in the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

At this time, the three of them are also enjoying the benefits of this Xuanling Emperor Pond! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: