Chapter Vol 4 1474: Blindfolding!

"Choke!" A sound like a copper wall and an iron wall suddenly rang out from the body of the earth spirit blood.

"Everyone, at this time, the entrance to the ruins has disappeared under the protection of the Earth Spirit Blood General. If you want to enter the ruins of the Tianwangzang, you can only defeat this guy together." Immediately, the strong men of the Soul Beast Alliance took the lead. Jumped out.

"Do it!" The other powerhouses glanced at each other, and immediately shot at the same time!

"The Law of Heaven's Sound!"

"Weng Om!" On a certain hill, a melodious melody suddenly emerged in the entire dead silent valley, and other weak evil creatures and evil auras in the dead silent valley suddenly retreated.

Even the sound of the piano finally turned into a soft halo, and through the transmission of space, it gently descended on the body of the Earth Spirit Blood.

"Tear, tear!" The halo of the piano sound had just descended on the body of the Earth Spirit Blood General, and bursts of blood-colored energy continued to dissipate, obviously weakened by the mysterious power of the piano sound.

"The way of the piano sound of the Tianyin Sect is really good." Seeing this, the other powerhouses shook their heads one after another.

Immediately, other powerhouses started their offensive.

"The guide of all souls, control!" With the order, two men suddenly appeared, one after the other, facing the ground spirit blood and surrounded them, the dazzling offensive on the palm of their hands was extraordinary.

"Anyone from Wansoul Palace..." Seeing the two emerging in Du, the other powerhouses were also surprised.

"Boom!" A bunch of black energy in the hands of the two suddenly hit the blood general of the earth spirit. Suddenly, the armor on the body of the evil object showed a burst of scars, but no one noticed that the attacks of these guys were absolutely impossible. Most of it was absorbed by the armor of the Earth Spirit Blood General.

"The Ye family?"

"Soul Beast Alliance?"

"Ghost Shadow Valley?" After a while, the figures of tyrannical powerhouses continued to emerge, and they each exerted their housekeeping skills to attack the Earth Spirit Blood Generals, even if they used Earth Spirit Blood to defeat the strength of the four-star Dou Xian early stage. Time and its breath turned out to be dying.

"The breath of this place's spirit blood general doesn't seem right." At this time, Xiao Yan, from the beginning of the battle to now, has been hiding in the dark to observe the battle situation, but he was surprised to find that this place's spirit blood will be from the beginning of the battle to the end of the battle. It's been on the defensive now, without the slightest intention of attacking.

"No, what the **** is this spirit blood going to do?"

"A venerable evil creature should already have a strong intelligence... Could it be that he has been sealed in the Demon Suppression Prison for many years and has become a fool?" Xiao Yan couldn't think of the problem for a while.

"Silly boy, look at the armor on that guy's body." At that time, the Master of Soul Eater pointed to Xiao Yan.

"That is……"

"not good!"

"This guy is actually absorbing everyone's vindictive energy!" But when the Soul Eater was broken, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly!

Because of the original body surface of the local spirit blood general, the armor is extremely simple and dull, but after the attack of many strong men, the colorful energy fighting qi shines brightly on his armor, and the huge fighting qi is enough. It is enough to easily obliterate a powerhouse with a complete three-star fighting spirit.

"It's not over yet." Seeing that Xiao Yan had also discovered the secret on the armor of the Earth Spirit Blood General, the Soul Eater opened his mouth.

"He...he wants to use the power of many strong men to restore his own strength?" Suddenly, a bold idea appeared in Xiao Yan's mind.

According to Xiao Yan's investigation of the power of the soul just now, he found that the strength of this place's spirit blood generals is far more than the initial stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. I am afraid that the peak strength is full of the late-stage Four-Star Fighting Immortal or even stronger!

"Among the powerhouses present, there are many powerhouses with three-star Dou Xian completion, but if this guy is restored to the strength of the middle-stage four-star Dou Xian, I am afraid that no matter how many people are, they will only die, and the ruins of the king's possession of the day will be no blessing. Take it." The Lord of Soul Eater joked.

"No, he must be stopped!" The next moment, Xiao Yan looked calm, and the dazzling flames all over his body suddenly emerged like a tide.

"Let's do it, there is Yuan Yan's nizi's formation, you just need to attract their attention, Yuan Yan will help us break the seal." The next moment, watching Er Dao Qianying quietly move towards the core of the valley, suddenly The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Who is that……"

"It seems that the strength of the three-star fighting immortal early stage, why can it have such a dazzling power of flame?" Xiao Yan was like a bird frightened, and flew directly at the ground spirit blood on the ground, but no one found it. At the center of the valley, a trace of hidden lines covered the core of the valley, which was the power of the formation.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan came to the Earth Spirit Blood General in an instant. Facing this evil creature that was as strong as the four-star Dou Xian early stage, Xiao Yan felt a tinge of heart palpitations for the first time.

This is also the first time that he has come into such close contact with the evil creatures of the alien race without using the holy flame.

"One finger in the sky!"

"Two fingers!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's fingers bent suddenly, then suddenly straightened, two bright fingers wrapped in flames, one after the other, burst out, attacking the ground spirit blood.

"Crash!" Such a close-range attack naturally easily landed on the Earth Spirit Blood General's armor.

Originally, the Earth Spirit Blood would not take it seriously. After all, his armor is a special material, which is enough to absorb their fighting qi and turn it into nourishment for him. However, with the attack of Xiao Yan's flaming giant fingers, the Earth Spirit Blood will destroy the fangs on the blue face. , began to slowly confide, and the look on Xiao Yan changed from contempt at the beginning to solemnity.

"Where did the filthy humans come from, actually wanting to do bad things to me?"

"And you seem to have some good things on you!" In an instant, the attention of the Earth Spirit Blood General immediately shifted to Xiao Yan.

"This guy's strength is really tyrannical." Seeing that his flaming fingers dissipated on his armor not long after, Xiao Yan immediately shook his head.

You must know that Xiao Yan has added the power of holy flame to the flame finger just now, so there is not much suppression against this guy.

"Everyone, stop your hands, you can't attack!" Seeing Xiao Yan starting to deal with the Earth Spirit Blood General, the other powerhouses also found something wrong and stopped attacking immediately. Even if the evil creature in the early stage of four-star fighting qi has the ability to reach the sky, there will still be some scars, but on the other hand, this guy is like nothing.

"Hand over what's in your body, and I can spare you!" After a while, the spirit blood on the ground would show extremely ferocious fangs and roared at Xiao Yan.

"You are not a human being, and your appearance of a ghost or a ghost really fits your name..."

"But...it's almost time, I won't play with you anymore!"

"Farewell!" Xiao Yan's mouth slowly smiled.

"Where to run!" How could the Earth Spirit Blood General give Xiao Yan such a good opportunity immediately stepped forward and completely blocked Xiao Yan's retreat.

"Weng buzzing!" The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth laughed slowly. In an instant, the palm of his hand suddenly changed to countless extremely mysterious handprints, and the space in front of him suddenly wriggled.

"Let's go!" The next moment, the space in front of Du Qifei's crowd was squirming, and Xiao Yan grabbed the crowd with his big hand.

"Big brother, hurry up!"

"Crash!" In an instant, at the entrance of the ruins in the center of the valley, a sound of broken glass rang out, and a petite figure was revealed, holding a stone exuding strange power and calling out to Xiao Yan.

"Formation?"

"Blindfolding?"

"No, I've been tricked!" In an instant, when many strong men saw the formation stone in Qian Ying's hands, they also reacted, their speed skyrocketed, and they flew directly towards the entrance of the ruins.

"Everyone, let's go first." At the same time, the figures of Xiao Yan and the others emerged in the center of the valley, and they rushed into the ruins together with the two daughters of Yuan Yan.

And Xiao Yan and everyone just rushed into the ruins, and immediately sealed the entrance of the ruins. It would take a lot of time to break the seal.

"Ahhh!"

"Dirty human beings dare to plot against me!"

"Death to this deity!" No one set foot on the entrance of the ruins. Suddenly, the spiritual blood of the ground engulfed the armor on the body, and the colorful fighting spirit was swallowed up by a scarlet aura, thus transforming it into pure power. , passed on to its limbs and bones.

"Okay, Xiao Yan, you actually plotted against us. After we enter the ruins, we will naturally have your good fruit to eat!" The other powerhouses also shared the same hatred, but it would obviously take a lot of time to enter the ruins.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: