Chapter Vol 2 741: Overpowering the pack

"Damn, this kid is too arrogant!"

"You actually let us go together?"

"The dead camel is bigger than a horse, and this guy is not afraid that it can't eat so many of us?" Hundreds of senior brothers and sisters faced Xiao Yan's contemptuous tone, and there was no lack of anger, but when they saw Xiao Yan, The movements and tone of his hands were hesitant.

I have to say that the people who can be here today are all extremely proud people. It is enough to prove that they have obtained powerful fighting skills from the fourth floor of the fighting skills pavilion. Although not everyone has obtained the holy rank Fighting skills, but the fighting skills of the immortal rank are equally powerful, and now Xiao Yan is contemptuous by himself, and everyone is immediately unhappy.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If you don't agree, let's go together."

"I'll fight until you serve." Xiao Yan's expression didn't change, and he slowly smiled at everyone!

There is a lot of confidence in his voice!

"Damn!"

"Let's go together!" It was unbearable or unbearable. Hundreds of disciples heard Xiao Yan's provocation, and they immediately attacked Xiao Yan without hesitation!

This kid is too arrogant, I must teach him a lesson!

This sentence only echoed in the minds of many brothers and sisters.

"Shabu Shabu!" In a short time, hundreds of disciples surrounded Xiao Yan and prepared to attack.

"Do you need help..." Seeing this, Mu Yingying immediately knew that Xiao Yan was trying to build prestige for them. , and immediately used the power of flame to communicate with Xiao Yan.

"No, I can still deal with it." Faced with Mu Yingying's question, Xiao Yan refused.

Although the hundreds of disciples in front of them are powerful, most of them are only in the early and middle stages of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. As for the late Six-Star Dou Emperor, there are very few.

As long as the few powerful disciples in the hall did not attack, Xiao Yan had enough confidence to defeat the other brothers and sisters.

"Is this Xiao Yan too arrogant?"

"I'll go up and have a look!" Seeing this, Wang Chen immediately said to Xiao Yan, who was exuding a contemptuous smile. For some reason, Wang Chen was very unhappy with Xiao Yan's smile. This contemptuous smile was clearly a slap in the face!

"Don't go." Just when Wang Chen was about to act, Zhu Yuan directly pulled him, and a voice directly stopped him.

"What's going on?" Wang Chen heard the words, and immediately felt some vigilance in Zhu Yuan's eyes, and immediately asked.

Wang Chen knew that his two senior brothers were extremely proud. They had always been arrogant and arrogant.

"This Xiao Yan is really not simple." Zhu Yuan said indifferently, there is no doubt that just relying on one face to face, Zhu Yuan felt the looming huge strength of Xiao Yan.

Such strength is undoubtedly much stronger than when he entered the Dou Ji Pavilion before.

Up until this point, Zhu Yuan seemed to have some beliefs that Xiao Yan had mastered the treasures of the Palace of Humanity.

The treasure in the three halls of Heaven, Earth, and Human, if it is about power, it is the most tyrannical among the halls of people. Even Zhu Yuan, who is as powerful as the Seven Star Dou Emperor, has no certainty to defeat Xiao Yan.

"How do you say this?" Ling Xuan seemed to be also interested in Xiao Yan, and immediately said slightly.

"Regardless of whether Xiao Yan has succeeded in cultivating the treasures of the Hall of People, this guy's soul power alone is probably better than some of the elders in our Fenxiang Pavilion." There was a hint of Zhu Yuan's voice. Dignified, obviously facing Xiao Yan, even if he was as powerful as the Seven Star Dou Emperor, he felt a hint of danger.

"No way?" Wang Chen said in disbelief when he heard that.

Some of the elders in the sect are also specialized pharmacists. Their arrogant personalities have also created their strong alchemy skills. However, these pharmacists seem to have the level of soul power. As for pharmacists and other ranks , is also hovering between the first and second rank of the emperor.

"If I expected it well, Xiao Yan's strength should still be the six-star Dou Emperor Consummation, but his soul power has reached an unprecedented emperor level." Qinxin on the side opened his mouth slightly, obviously Xiao Yan was not hiding himself at all. The power of the soul has also been discovered by many people with extraordinary eyesight.

"Emperor realm level?"

"What a joke!"

"This is comparable to the soul power of a second-grade emperor alchemist. Even if Xiao Yan cultivates soul power in the womb of his mother, I don't believe it!" Xingyu denied directly.

The senior brothers in the Earth Hall here are all people with unique eyesight, so they naturally know some basic classifications of soul power.

Soul power, Emperor Realm, Emperor Realm Ordinary Grade, Emperor Realm Earth Grade, and then the Emperor Realm Earth Grade Small Perfection.

This Xiao Yan was only in his early thirties, how could he possess the soul power comparable to that of a second-rank imperial alchemist? This was enough to surprise everyone.

After all, soul power is invisible, which is more difficult than the cultivation of vindictiveness.

"Nothing is impossible."

"It's just that you can't do it, it's not necessarily that others can't." Qin Xin heard the words, shook her head undeniably and said something to Xingyu.

"Damn, if this kid is really like this, it would be too terrifying!" Xingyu was so sneered by Qinxin, and immediately knew the seriousness of the matter, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Haha, I'm looking forward to it." After Zhu Yuan finished speaking, he looked directly at Xiao Yan who was beside him. Although the strength of these hundreds of disciples was not strong, such a huge lineup could not be easily resolved.

"This kid, his soul power has actually reached the level of an emperor?" Xiong Yuan immediately regained his composure, looking at Xiao Yan, who was calm and composed, for some reason, this Xiao Yan actually made him feel a little bit more chilled!

"This kid, it's intentional." Mu Xuzi was not too surprised, just opened his mouth slightly.

"In that case, let's fight."

"My Human Palace has been silent for thousands of years, and I hope that it will become prosperous from your current session." After Mu Xuzi finished speaking, there was a flash of relief in his eyes, because he had been waiting for this day for too long.

"The disciple took orders Xiao Yan seemed to have sensed what Mu Xuzi meant, and immediately smiled at him slowly, and then looked calmly at the hundreds of brothers and sisters surrounding him.

"Hehe, I'm sorry, today, I still have to make you suffer a lot."

"For nothing else, just recreate the world for the treasure of our human palace!" Xiao Yan said impassively. After speaking, the ancient ruler of the eternal fire suddenly lit up behind him, and a dazzling and ancient power slowly spread!

"This is..." Following Xiao Yan's announcement, the surrounding disciples suddenly became commotion, and they all knew that this fluctuation was the smell of holy fighting skills!

"The treasure of the Hall of People..."

"Is the world finally going to reappear..." Zhu Yuan also stared at Xiao Yan. At this time, on the ancient ruler of the strange fire in Xiao Yan's palm, a dazzling and ancient power slowly radiated, as if destroying everything. Terrorist power!

"Let's go together, don't give him a chance to fight back!" Many of the disciples were not vegetarians, they immediately knew the seriousness of the matter, and they didn't care to sit still. Powerful attack methods emerged one after another, and they all attacked Xiao Yan!

In the face of so many terrifying attacks, Xiao Yan was not afraid, and even his dark pupils exuded a strong fighting intent.

"Move the ruler!"

"Break it for me!" The next moment, a dazzling huge shadow suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's palm. Following the appearance of this shadow, many disciples only felt their minds faint, the sky and the earth darkened, and an irresistible force rushed towards them. Come!

Ask for tickets!