Chapter Vol 4 2119: Mysterious help!

"Austin, how is Liu Hao?"

A low voice sounded slightly from the black shadow in the sky, and asked Austin away.

It was low-pitched and contained some kind of special sacred charm, but it made everyone present feel extremely cold, as if the fighting qi and blood in his body had completely solidified.

Under this kind of power, their Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Perfection or the First Reincarnation Rank are as ridiculous as ants, and it seems that there is no room for resistance at all!

"I won't watch him die."

The reincarnation mark on Xun'er's eyebrows was even more dazzling, and vaguely, a phoenix fire shadow actually slowly solidified from the nine golden crows, showing endless divine might.

"Archbishop in red!"

"These beasts!"

At this moment, Yao Wan couldn't help cursing.

The reason why the Holy See was able to stand at the top of Dou Di Continent was due to the great contribution of the three red-clothed archbishops!

The three red-clothed archbishops alone are enough to make their ancient races truly moved. The strength of the three of them is almost equal to that of the elders of the ancient races. With the addition of angel wings, the elders of the ancient races are all There is no one-on-one confrontation, so this is the fundamental reason why the ancient races are afraid of the Holy See.

The red-clothed archbishop is so fierce, not to mention the elusive Pope in the Holy See, I am afraid it has reached a level they can't imagine.

"Lord Bishop, Liu Hao's slaughtering soul was completely wiped out by the demon Xiao Yan. Now I'm afraid..."

Listening to Bishop Lacey's question, Austin did not dare to neglect, and said cautiously.

"Crack!"

With a bang, Austin's voice just fell, the whole sky is surging, and the breath of light rolls and roars like thunder, this world is full of unprecedented horror and brokenness!

"Xiao Yan... It's really unexpected."

"My Holy See Jury, Liu Hao, Son of Light, and even believers have all lost to you."

"Are you guilty?"

The majestic voice fell, and the red-clothed archbishop appeared completely.

Lacey was bathed in the sky, with his feet on the beam of light, his red clothes rendered endless solemnity, and there was no laziness on his cheeks. He was dressed like a middle-aged man!

The **** and beautiful neutral face, a pair of unusually deep eyes are endlessly dangerous, and the incomparably bright white filaments flow out like the stars in the sky, completely destroying and annihilating the energy in the entire medicine world.

"Convicted?"

"The parade angel Mekal tried to obliterate the Tianxing Continent for her own selfish desires, so I killed her."

"Liu Hao is narrow-minded, such a guy is not worthy of the name Son of Light."

On the body of the demon Xiao Yan, countless evil flames lingered, and the monstrous fighting spirit emerged. Facing the doubts of the red-clothed archbishop Lacey, he was not afraid!

"Humph! Sophistry!"

"Xiao Yan, follow me back to the Holy See."

"Your heinous crimes have long been eligible to be listed as "heretics" in my Holy See."

"We will judge you publicly in the Holy See and decide on the "holy sentence"."

"That's the explanation for this great world."

Lacey opened his mouth softly, but his voice was filled with an irresistible terrifying power, which was terrifying, and even when this power acted on Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan only felt a sense of suffocation. If it weren't for the protection of the power of the devil, I'm afraid I would be shattered in an instant!

The Cardinal Archbishop's strength is unfathomable!

I am afraid that the person in front of him has reached the real level of reincarnation!

"Is this what your Holy See calls justice?"

"Although I have a demon in my body, what I Xiao Yan has done is justifiable!"

"My life is in my own hands, and it's not your turn to give instructions!!!"

The corner of the demon Xiao Yan's mouth was sarcastic, with a proud look that was not afraid, but only Xiao Yan knew that the danger level of the red-clothed Archbishop Lacey was enough to endanger his own life.

"As you please!"

"When I take you to the Holy City, the Holy See will naturally have countless ways to judge your heinous crimes."

"This seat, in the capacity of the Holy See branch of Emperor Dou Continent, the red-clothed archbishop Lacey, announces that we will arrest the demon Xiao Yan again. Anyone who interferes in the battle between us will be classified as a heretic of the Holy See."

"Kill without mercy!"

Lacey snorted coldly, and rounds of light and soul angel holy shadows continued to overflow on the body, and strands of beautiful milky white light patterns swept out like a sky full of stars.

Behind Lacey, countless milky white halos are like a mountain peak, one after another, endless brilliance, more like a servant of the gods, chasing the evil in the world!

"Pfft."

With a sound, Xun'er didn't hesitate, the phoenix ghost appeared behind her, and stepped out not far from the demon Xiao Yan, trying to protect Xiao Yan.

"Pfft."

With a sigh, Yao Wan and the old Lingxi also stepped out together. They have a close relationship with the Xiao family. Even in this situation, they will not give up Xiao Yan easily!

More importantly, their relationship with the Holy See has already been on fire. Once Xiao Yan is defeated, they will be the ones who will fail!

"A group of ants."

"Feel the power of the angels!"

"Boom!"

Lacey moved, and the high-pitched Sanskrit sound sang out, and his chanting was too fast, just as he was chanting, the endless light of light emerged from the Shining Spirit Mountain behind him!

The white halo soul mountain behind Lacey expanded rapidly, spreading in a short period of time, covering every trace of the entire medicine world. It seemed that the entire area was completely enveloped by the breath of light. Only the space where the demon Xiao Yan stood was isolated. !

Beneath this splendid Baimanghun Mountain, even Xiao Yan's demon body is extremely small!

"ban!!!"

Lacey said with a satisfied smile, and a moment later revealed a mysterious Sanskrit sound.

At that time, countless white soul mountains, carrying the supreme sacred aura, formed a shock wave with an indescribable terrifying action, spreading and sweeping away!

The target of the attack is the demon Xiao Yan!

"Nine Xuan..."

"Wait... what is that?"

Just when Xun'er was about to forcibly cast the Reincarnation Seal, Yao Wanyuan grabbed Xun'er, and everyone quickly retreated.

"Pfft!"

"Pfft!!"

"Pfft!!!"

A burst of thrilling tremors emanated from a certain edge of the medicine world, accompanied by a dignified aura that shattered the supreme white light!

"What is this?"

For a time, at a certain edge of the medicine world, the sky and the earth collapsed, and a huge black shadow that covered the sun, stepped through the void, and came towards Xiao Yan step by step!

"This is?"

The demon Xiao Yan was going to completely detonate the power of the demon, but when he saw the shadow, a strange feeling emerged in his body.

At this moment, Lacey's attack stopped abruptly, and his eyes looked at the dark shadow in the distance with confusion, and a touch of unease swept out.

In the distance, a violent and majestic sound diffused out, carrying a wave of energy that destroyed the sky and the earth. Wherever it went, the space collapsed, and even the forest and vegetation along the way were instantly shattered by the shock and turned into countless 's powder!

The minds of some neutral forces also showed a hint of deep jealousy. The power and shadows coming from a distance, the power they carry, is definitely not something that a human can have!

Even from this earth-shattering vibration, they clearly smelled some monster-like violent aura?

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: