Chapter 590: 5 years later

"Do you think Xiao Yan is still alive?"

"what?"

"Xiao Yan?"

"Is that Xiao Yan from the Hall of People?"

"I heard that he went out to practice in the desert of death and died."

"what?"

"No way, I heard that he was the first place in the previous points selection competition. It's a pity to die like this..." In a dark path, the two girls who looked quite innocent smiled and drank.

"Cough, cough..." A coughing sound with a little bit of vigilance rang out.

The hot flames could not help revealing many beads of sweat on the foreheads of the two girls.

"Senior Brother Xiao Yi, we didn't mean it..."

"It's just that others say that..." The two women said slowly.

The man in front of him was quite handsome, with a very round face. He was obviously a man, but he had a face that girls would envy.

Moreover, the two daughters knew that although this Xiao Yi usually lives in a secluded place, her strength is extremely terrifying, and she is rumored to have a fatal friendship with Xiao Yan!

"Who said that?" Xiao Yi said coldly, killing intent has slowly radiated from her body, and the two girls were breathless with hot breaths.

"Yes... it was said by Senior Brother Ye Qing from the Earth Palace." The second daughter said in a panic.

"Tell him, next time, I'll let him experience what **** looks like." Before the words fell, Xiao Yi's figure disappeared in place!

"Senior Brother Xiaoyi's strength, I'm afraid that the strength of Senior Brother Earth Hall can't match..."

"Don't say it, the identity of this Senior Brother Xiao Yi is extremely mysterious, so it's not worth discussing." The two women shook their heads and looked quite vigilant, because this Xiao Yi, even if the elders of the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth and Humanity saw it, they would have Be polite and move on.

"how?"

"No news about Xiao Yan yet?" Just after Xiao Yi returned to Wuzhuju, a suspicious voice sounded from behind.

"Not yet, but I can feel his exact breath."

"This breath is much stronger than yours." Xiao Yi smiled directly at the figure behind her without even looking at it.

Behind him was Mu Feng.

"It's been almost five years since we left the desert mountain range. Does it take Xiao Yan so long to devour a holy flame?" Mu Feng shook his head, whenever he said about holy flame, He also looked around, obviously extremely vigilant.

But since they came out of the desert mountains, whether it is Mu Feng, Lvdi or Mu Yingying, their strengths have all made great progress!

"Devouring holy flames is child's play."

"In five years, I believe he will come out soon." A silver bell-like voice sounded slowly, and Mu Yingying came slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey, your aura..." Mu Feng was the first to notice something was wrong, why did Mu Yingying's aura suddenly become so powerful?

When she came out of the desert mountain range, this Mu Yingying seemed to be only in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor.

"Have just broken through to the Five-Star Dou Emperor Consummation." A faint voice sounded without any ostentation, but it sounded like thunder in Mu Feng's ears!

"what?"

"Five-star Dou Di is complete?"

"Did you make a mistake?" Mu Feng had a feeling of wanting to cry without tears.

After entering the desert mountain range, from the initial stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor to the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, he has forcibly improved his strength. Originally, such progress can already be described as the speed of a soldier. How could he know that Mu Yingying was terrifying.

However, the few people in the desert mountain range have only been practicing for a year. The richness of the emperor's energy inside, plus some adventures obtained from the desert mountain range, have greatly improved their strength.

Since they came out of the desert mountains, several people have also returned to the Burning Incense Pavilion to practice day after day. In the blink of an eye, more than three years have passed.

"The people from the Hall of Earth are here to make trouble again." Green Flute came out and said.

"Don't care about them."

"It's better to get Xiao Yan back first."

"At that time, the team competition of the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth and Humanity will be directly held, and the single competition will be given up." Mu Yingying said slowly.

"How many of you are there?" Xiao Yi asked.

"I agree." The other three said without any hesitation.

"When the big brother comes back, let's compete for the Burning Incense Pavilion!" Xiao Yi said.

"How's it going?" A man with a steady breath said in a room in the hall.

"Third Senior Brother, several people from this Hall of Humanity have returned from the desert mountain range. Even if the Hall of Humanity tried their best to cover it up, their strength has greatly increased, and no matter how provocative I am, they will ignore us." Ye Qing The man asked suspiciously.

"In the Hall of People, almost all of the outstanding disciples have gone out. Now, the five people, mainly Xiao Yan, are the most threatening, and the others are nothing to worry about."

"But why hasn't that Xiao Yan come back... Could it be that he really died in the desert of death?"

"That kid is the first place in the points plundering competition, not to mention it is rumored that this person killed the twin ghost emperors... It shouldn't have fallen so easily." The man spoke slowly.

"Okay, let's continue provocation. I don't know if they will come in the single match. If they don't come, in the team match that follows, unless they all win, they won't be able to qualify."

"Our three pavilions in the Burning Incense Pavilion are no joke." The man known as the third senior said slowly.

Ye Qing nodded immediately after hearing the words, because he knew that if he wanted Yan to win the team competition, it would be more difficult than reaching the sky.

Time passed quickly, almost five years had passed since Xiao Yan had absorbed the holy flame in seclusion at the top of the desert mountain range.

For five years, Xiao Yan slowly sat cross-legged in the void surrounded by the power of holy flame, and then continued to refine the power of holy flame in his own battle qi sea, even if the entire desert mountain collapsed, Xiao Yan There was no feeling at all.

After all, Xiao Yan's whole body is protected by the power of holy flame, so Xiao Yan is not too clear about the external situation!

Xiao Yan is like a statue, standing slowly without any movement!

Finally, at a certain moment, Xiao Yan's eyebrows twitched slightly, and then a barren and powerful aura suddenly burst out from Xiao Yan's body!

"Boom boom boom!" A barren yellow flame appeared, causing the space in Xiao Yan's body to shatter!

"This feeling... it's really comfortable!" Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and then he smiled when he sensed the power of the khaki holy flame that filled his body.

"Has the desert mountain range collapsed?" Satisfied, he withdrew his power, and then looked at a void around him, where there was even a little bit of a desert mountain range, it was clearly a void!

"I didn't expect your perseverance to be so terrifying." A gentle voice sounded slowly.

What caught Xiao Yan's eyes was the Origin of Fire Heart Tianyan!

At this time, the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock was yellowish-brown in its entirety, and the khaki-yellow holy flame was slowly burning, which was extremely terrifying.

Huoxin Tianyan has been completely refined by Xiao Yan, and they are closely related to Xiao Yan, so Xiao Yan is not surprised.

"It's just a fluke." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, but the pain in refining the Fire Heart Tianyan was even more painful than swallowing the strange fire.

"Next, it's time to blossom and bear fruit." Xiao Yan said slowly, and then the power of strange fire and holy flames all over his body immediately emerged!

Ask for tickets!