Chapter Vol 4 1344: Soul fight!

With Hua Fei's defeat, the real final came.

Xiao Yan fought against Yun Qi.

These two people, one is Yun Qi, who is now known as the proud son of the sky in the Thunder City, and the other is Xiao Yan, who successfully won the first stage championship as a dark horse. The strength of the two makes this battle of souls become Let's wait and see.

"Senior sister, I'm sorry... I originally wanted to force out some trump cards." Hua Fei just left the arena, and he scratched his head and said to Yun Qi. Although the two are usually taciturn, they have a very good relationship in private. Hua Fei obviously wanted to use his own strength to force out some of Xiao Yan's trump cards, but he didn't expect Xiao Yan to be so tyrannical.

"You."

"I don't need those things, I have enough confidence to defeat him." Facing Hua Fei's kindness, Yun Qi first smiled sweetly, and then said, he knew Hua Fei's kindness, but she had her pride.

"Next, the finals."

"Xiao Yan vs. Zhan Yunqi."

"The winner of the two of you will directly win the second stage championship." Lei He's voice emerged.

"Is it finally here?" Hearing this voice, Xiao Yan frowned immediately. Obviously, through intuition, Xiao Yan was also able to know Yun Qi's soul power, which was even more tyrannical than himself, which undoubtedly gave Xiao Yan a rather tyrannical power. pressure.

"Your soul power is not weak, but you put your mind on the cultivation of vindictiveness, so you neglect the cultivation of soul power."

"So this battle, you don't have a chance. At the same time, I will let you know that a powerful alchemist is not only the top of the refining technology, but can even solve a lot of unnecessary troubles with the power of the soul." Yun Qi is based on the gladiatorial fight. In the emptiness of the field, the skirt and tulle on the body trembled slightly, and a looming coercion of the soul continued to permeate.

"This Yun Qi is really a powerful soul force. Just for a moment like this makes me dizzy..." Looking at the slightly touched Yun Qi, the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth kept wriggling, trying to find the flaws, but is unsuccessful.

"Soul skill, Tianhe!" With a low voice, Yun Qi's soul-like power, like a **, gathered from the body in an instant.

The soul power in Yun Qi's body just emerged. Suddenly, the entire arena was enveloped by its milky white soul power. The next moment, the dazzling soul power actually condensed into a huge white river in the arena!

The white river is like a Tianhe, and there is a rather tyrannical restriction in the surging water. In addition to the Tianhe River, a scalp-numbing horror atmosphere slowly emerges.

"What a tyrannical attack." Just looking back, Xiao Yan realized the enormous energy contained in it, and snorted immediately.

"Tianhe kills!" Yun Qi looked at Xiao Yan who was calm and shook his head slightly, then Tianhe moved quickly in his hands, and the next moment he attacked Xiao Yan!

"Crash!" At this moment, in the arena, a huge river with a length of several hundred meters was moving towards Xiao Yan at an astonishing speed.

"Soul Light Shield!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned, and the dazzling soul power also spread out, and then formed a milky white defensive light shield in front of him to defend. This defensive soul skill was obviously learned by Xiao Yan. Yes, although he is tightly proficient in fur, it is enough.

"This guy, actually stealing..." Hua Fei, who was at the bottom of the arena, saw Xiao Yan's move and couldn't help but his head was full of black lines. This Xiao Yan actually learned his own soul skills. I haven't learned the essence, but Xiao Yan's comprehension is probably extremely rare.

"Oh?"

"Interesting." Seeing Xiao Yan displaying Hua Fei's defensive soul skills, Yun Qi's face under the tulle immediately touched, and he had a new understanding of Xiao Yan, and he was able to learn the enemy's fighting skills through a single battle. Some, not everyone can do it.

It is strange to say that in this arena, only the power of the soul can be used, and the fighting spirit seems to be imprisoned. This is also the reason why the competition is going so fast.

"Your defensive spirit ability is powerful, but unfortunately you haven't learned it, so it's not enough!" Looking at Xiao Yan's defensive spirit ability, a cold snort came out from the veil, Tianhe's formidable power was not a single one. A small defensive soul skill can be resisted.

"Give me over!" Zaidu shouted loudly, and the dazzling Tianhe water flow directly broke through Xiao Yan's defense and enveloped Xiao Yan in it. The great spiritual pressure made Xiao Yan's complexion look ugly.

"What a terrifying aura..." Just when he was enveloped by the Tianhe formed by this soul force, a wave of tyrannical pressure immediately emerged from Xiao Yan's body, making Xiao Yan feel like he was facing a great enemy.

"Huangquan's anger!" Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly, the dazzling soul power formed a soul attack, and then attacked Yun Qi on the side.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Small trick of carving insects." Looking at Xiao Yan's soul attack, Yun Qi did not mean to dodge in the slightest. After all, Huang Quan's rank is too low to deal with Yun Qi's level of soul power powerhouse, naturally there will not be too many effect.

"Weng Om Om!" In the Tianhe, tyrannical pressures came one after another, followed by another shocking force of terror which made Xiao Yan's expression not very good-looking.

"Soul Fire Tiger!" The next moment, the soul power and fighting core in Xiao Yan's body condensed, and then formed a fiery red ferocious fire tiger in front of him!

The Soul Fire Tiger this time is different from the previous one!

Because this time within the Soul Fire Tiger's body, a khaki flame was lifelike, although it was weak, it made the power of the Soul Fire Tiger to a higher level.

"This Soul Fire Tiger seems to be very different from the previous one, is it an illusion?"

"I always feel that the Soul Fire Tiger this time seems to be very strong." Hua Fei stared at the Soul Fire Tiger displayed by Xiao Yan and spoke slightly, but he didn't know what was wrong.

"This guy, is this considered cheating?" Lei He, as a high-level executive of Forge Sword Thunder Valley, naturally knew that Xiao Yan had the news of the holy flame. Seeing Xiao Yan quietly using the holy flame, he couldn't help but said, However, almost no one of the people present discovered the secret within Soul Fire Tiger.

"Forget it, using silently is also a form of one's own strength." The next moment, Lei He didn't have much to do, and immediately calmed down.

"This Soul Fire Tiger is weird!" After the Soul Fire Tiger emerged, Xiao Yan, who was in a lot of pain, was smashed into pieces by his palm!

"Huhuhu."

"Good job." Through the control of the soul, the power of the holy flame is injected into the soul fire tiger, so that the soul fire tiger has the characteristics of the holy flame, the flame power of the holy flame, and even the soul is easy to burn, unexpectedly Still Xiao Yan succeeded.