Chapter 599: Xiao Yan and Cailin meet!

"Cai Lin..." Xiao Yan stared blankly at the woman who was full of the aura of a ruthless queen beside him!

"Let's settle this first!" A trace of anger appeared in Cailin's pupils, and immediately stepped out of the cracked space without waiting for Xiao Yan to speak.

The next moment, Cailin directly recovered its body, and the huge body of the Shicai Swallowing Python instantly filled this void!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The huge snake tail of the color scales is mixed with the power of ten colors, and viciously slaps the black ball that is incomparably evil!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying attacks converged in an instant, but there was no fighting sparks in the sky. The seemingly incomparably powerful black ball was instantly split in half by the huge snake tail of the color scales, and then instantly disappear!

"Ten-colored Sky Swallowing Python?" At the moment when the black ball just disappeared, the blood demon's energy clone appeared in the black qi.

"Humph!" After resisting the black ball, Cailin instantly recovered her figure, and then her **** body twisted and slowly appeared beside the Gorefiend's energy clone!

"Forbidden!" The jade hand lightly tapped it, and the gorefiend's energy clone that exuded surprise was instantly imprisoned by a force of ten colors!

Can't move a single bit!

"What should I do with this person?" With a cold snort, he seemed to be asking Xiao Yan.

"Killed." Xiao Yan said calmly.

Hands up and hands down, the power of the ten colors that imprisoned the powerful Gorefiend energy clone suddenly compresses, crushing it in an instant!

At this time, the energy clone of the Gorefiend has completely disappeared!

Outside the distant Daqian world.

"There is another owner of the bloodline of the Ten-Colored Sky-Swallowing Python in the Great Thousand Worlds?"

"No, this matter is too important and must be told to several other messengers." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, he left in an instant, not knowing where to go.

"Are you okay?" Xiao Yan looked at the incomparably powerful figure in front of him, and suddenly had mixed feelings for a while.

"What do you think?" Cai Lin clapped her hands after disappearing the Gorefiend's energy clone, and then looked at the weak Xiao Yan with her arms folded, feeling rather resentful.

"Actually, I also have difficulties." When Cailin stared at him so suddenly, Xiao Yan suddenly panicked and hurriedly explained.

"I don't care what your reasons are, but you remember."

"Your life is mine." Cai Lin said indifferently, but the extremely difficult to conceal thoughts in her voice could not be faked.

"Haha, Xiao Yan."

"Don't look at the Queen's arrogance, in fact, I think about you very tightly..."

"When I merged the blood of the Ten-Colored Swallowing Python at the Temple of Medusa before, if the Queen hadn't missed you for a long time, I'm afraid I wouldn't have left so early."

"Devouring the blood of the Shicai Swallowing Python is too terrifying. The Queen talks about you every day..." The Shicai Swallowing Python who followed Cailin laughed.

"Xiao Shi, talk too much." Cai Lin floated her head and snorted coldly at Shi Cai Tiantian Python.

"You are?"

"The soul of the colorful swallowing python before?" Xiao Yan heard this and felt amused immediately, because Xiao Yan knew about the arrogant temperament of Cailin. Although it was not as outrageous as what Xiao Shi said, it was still inseparable.

"right!"

"I'm the colorful swallowing python that followed the queen before. Fortunately, you still remember me." Xiao Shi said angrily.

"Haha, I said that the breath is a little familiar, so it is." Xiao Yan laughed, but his memory was a little vague. If it wasn't for the seven-colored sky swallowing python's soul suppressing the color scales, this scene would never have happened.

When the words fell, the heart rock swept into Xiao Yan's body directly. As for Long Yi, he had also returned to the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng to warm up. Only Xiao Yan, Cailin and Xiao Shi were left in the entire space.

"The space here is about to collapse. I know you have a lot of confusion. Let's go out and talk about it." Cai Lin was the first to break the silence.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded in agreement after hearing this.

Immediately, the three of them swept out of the shattered void and came to the side of the Temple of Medusa.

"You ask." Cailin's ruthless and ruthless queen's aura was clearly restrained. At this time, Cailin was like a good wife and mother.

"After coming out of that space passage, we dispersed, but I didn't miss any chance to find you guys." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, facing Cailin, he always had a different emotion.

"What exactly were the creatures in that space tunnel back then?" Cailin didn't care so much. As long as Xiao Yan was fine, the others, with her indifferent temperament, would definitely not ask more.

"That's a friend of Emperor Tuoshe Gu."

"It's just that it was too seriously eroded by the evil race outside the territory." Xiao Yan did not hide it.

"It's fine." Cai Lin said.

"After I came out of the space passage, I separated from Xun'er and the others and came to Xuan Santian."

"I just came here and I don't know where I live, and I simply met the strong men of the Medusa clan, which happened to be suppressed by the blood of the colorful swallowing python in my body, so I was sent to the temple of Medusa by them. The blood of the python..." Cailin's jade hand raised slightly, and the power of the ten colors around him disappeared instantly.

"It's hard work." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, hugged Cai Lin tightly, and the tightness of the body pulled both of them into their hearts a lot.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Shi coughed awkwardly a few times as if he noticed the different eyes of the two. After all, Xiao Shi was a woman anyway.

"Okay, let's suppress the evil spirit in your body first." There was a tinge of crimson on Cailin's pretty face, obviously facing Xiao Yan, even Cailin, who had always been like a still water, couldn't keep her mind at peace. .

"Your strength..." Xiao Yan was actually very puzzled. Although Cailin was already a colorful swallowing python in Dou Qi Continent, his strength couldn't have skyrocketed like this!

According to Xiao Yan's speculation, this Cailin's strength is probably stronger than that of Zhu Lao.

"My strength has already reached the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, all of this depends on that Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python Senior, and I also promised her some things Caitun doesn't know what is in Xiao Yan's mind. Think, immediately red lips moved.

"Don't worry, no matter when, I still have mine." Xiao Yan naturally knew that this swallowing python had some advantages that humans couldn't match since ancient times, so he was not too surprised by Cailin's skyrocketing strength.

"After helping you suppress this evil force, I should help the Medusa family defeat the Xuanling royal family."

"After that, I will follow you to the ends of the earth." A dull voice slowly spread over the desert.

"After finally being promoted to Dou Di, how do you feel that you are back to the days when you were chased by Medusa women all day long in the Dou Qi Continent?" Xiao Yan helplessly smiled bitterly, but his pupils exuded an even more addictive idea!

When the words fell, Cailin helped Xiao Yan to suppress the blood demon gold qi, and Cailin found that even with her fighting power, she couldn't completely take out the blood demon gold qi, and could only suppress it temporarily!

According to Cailin's estimation, if you want to completely eliminate this blood demon golden energy, you probably need at least two stars to fight immortals!

"You go first."

"The grievances between the Medusa clan and humans are too terrifying here." After doing all this, Cailin immediately found a few not weak auras coming towards them.

"Xiao Yan, remember this for this king!"

"Your life can only be mine!" A cold voice echoed throughout the desert.

"This is Queen Medusa." Xiao Yan smiled. He didn't stop, but swept up and quickly escaped from the desert of death.

Ask for tickets!