Chapter Vol 4 1477: Fascinated old ghost!

"Who is it?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately looked vigilant. A steady stream of soul power permeated out, covering the inside and outside of the two of them. Once there was any change, he would take action as soon as possible to ensure that the two could have a way out. can go.

"The master of the holy flame and the reincarnator, among the guys who entered the Demon Suppression Prison this time, are really unexpectedly interesting." After a while, after the light mouth, a vicissitudes of life came from Zaidu.

The voice was extremely vicissitudes of life, as if it contained monstrous divine power, which vaguely made Xiao Yan and the two dizzy.

"Let's go, this senior shouldn't have any malicious intentions." Duo Qifei's beautiful eyes flickered slightly. When this guy made a sound, the reincarnation pattern between his eyebrows exuded a hot breath. This kind of breath is not like It was like encountering an enemy, as if encountering an acquaintance, so Duo Qifei concluded that Leizhu should know the senior in front of him, and listening to his tone, it seemed that the relationship was not bad.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and the two turned into a beam of light that poured straight into the mouth of the light.

"This is?" Just when he came to the mouth of light, he suddenly discovered that there was another mystery here, an astonishing scene, which made Xiao Yan couldn't help but lose his voice.

Because at this time, this place was a rather quiet bamboo forest. In the bamboo forest, lush bamboo forests emerged, which seemed quite lively, and deep in the bamboo forest, a simple hut came into sight of the two of them.

Outside the hut, a stone table appeared. Beside the stone table, an old man lying on the seat swayed back and forth in a comfortable manner, but the corner of his mouth smiled slowly.

"It seems that this senior is the controller of the formation." Xiao Yan and the two were very far away from the old man. Suddenly Xiao Yan saw through some traces, and also opened the mouth and said. .

"This is the end of the Heavenly Palace of Bewilderment." The old man clearly sensed the approach of the two, but he remained indifferent, still lying on the seat swinging back and forth, quite happily saying.

"This is... the formation diagram of the Heavenly Palace of Fascinating Souls!" When Xiao Yan and the two stepped into the wooden house, Xiao Yan turned his gaze away from the surroundings, but when he saw the stone table, he was suddenly shocked.

Because on the stone table, a dense number of standing stones emerged, and the stones were arranged in no order, but on the stone table, several rays of light emerged, and with Xiao Yan's soul power, he was shocked to realize that these powers were actually Yun Qi belonged to a few of them, and the stones that were erected, you don't need to think about it, you know, that is the essence of the labyrinth.

Obviously, this stone table is clearly the formation diagram of the Fascinating Heavenly Palace, which is the essence of the formation. If you want to crack the Fascinating Heavenly Palace, you can only use great means to completely destroy the entire maze, but the attack of that level is probably the lowest. It needs the level of immortality, otherwise it can only be cracked by relying on the power of this stone table array.

At this time, Xiao Yan had this stone table in front of him, which was enough to have a panoramic view of the Fascinating Heaven Palace. Xiao Yan found that, except for himself and Duo Qifei, everyone else in the same group was trapped in the labyrinth, and even There are still some outside figures, but with a vague breath, it is impossible to tell who they are.

"Don't worry, they are not in any danger."

"The existence of the Fascinating Heavenly Palace is designed to target the evil races outside the territory. If humans rush into it, they will just lose their way..."

"When they are desperate and realize that they are lost, the passage to leave will also emerge." The old man said still swaying back and forth.

Xiao Yan heard the words, and then he and Du Qifei slowly walked over.

Just as he approached the old man, Xiao Yan had a panoramic view of his appearance.

The old man was dressed in a refined, Confucian robe, with white hair and a complacent smile, which set off his body very mysteriously. On his body, a rather mysterious breath lingered, but this breath It was exactly the same as the power in the Fascinating Heaven Palace, which made Xiao Yan quite depressed.

"Don't know the name of the senior?" At this time, Du Qifei's beautiful eyes turned slightly and said.

"I can't imagine that someone who is as talented and intelligent as Leizhu will end up in a reincarnation in the end."

"The battle between heaven and earth is really tragic that my generation can't imagine." Suddenly, the white-haired old man slowly got up, stared at Duan Qifei with narrowed eyes, and said with emotion.

"Weng Om!" Being stared at so closely by the old man, the traces of hidden lines on Duo Qifei's eyebrows suddenly became bright, and traces of gray energy containing the fluctuation of death suddenly fell off, facing the old man directly. Attack away.

"Yo, you are still protecting the Lord like this. It seems that even if you enter the reincarnation, the essence of the Thunder Lord is still the same." With a wave of his hand, he stopped the gray thunder that contained the fluctuation of death. Suddenly the old man also got up, and then the two behind him walked around. road.

"And your kid, at a young age, you can actually control the holy flame, it's really amazing."

"Being able to control the holy flame is enough to show that you are talented, but I don't know if this is a blessing or a curse. After all, the master of the holy flame is the first thorn in the eyes of the evil people outside the territory. Your road may not be peaceful in the future, and once the war between heaven and earth is over. Incoming attack I'm afraid you, the masters of holy flames, will be the first targets to be wiped out by the evil clan..." The old man suddenly turned his head to look at Xiao Yan, and said with deep meaning.

"This guy has good eyesight." Xiao Yan shook his head secretly. It was obvious that he had just cast holy flame, so it would be fine to be seen through, but Qi Fei didn't cast the reincarnation wave, and was actually seen through by this guy, which is enough to show The strength of this guy is extraordinary.

"Okay, don't guess."

"The formation that trapped you just now is called the Fascinating Heavenly Palace Array, and I am the guardian of the Fascinating Heavenly Palace, the Fascinating Old Ghost."

"Of course, you can also call me a spirit." The old man said slowly, with some pride in his voice.

"Array Spirit?" Xiao Yan couldn't help his pupils surging slightly when he heard the words.

The formation of spirits, this is only in some extremely tyrannical formations, there is a chance to be born, and once there is the existence of the formations, the power of the entire formation will soar geometrically.

"Don't be suspicious, I was originally conceived and born in the Fascinating Heavenly Palace. After all, the Fascinating Heavenly Palace's formation has followed Lord Tianwang Zang for many years, beheading countless foreign powerhouses, and thus under the pure purification of the formation, the adults fell. At this time, I was born slowly, so I promised the adults to guard here."

"One is to repay the kindness of the birth of the adults, and the other is to solve the evil things that entangle the adults."

"That thing... I am afraid that only the power of the Holy Flame or the Thunder Lord can deal with it." In an instant, the fascinated old ghost's expression became solemn.

"Senior, don't beat around the bush, or tell us, what danger did Lord Tianwang Zang encounter?" At the next moment, Xiao Yan also had a hint of doubt, and then slowly opened his mouth and said quite curiously.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: