Chapter Vol 4 1494: The crushing game!

"Weng Om!" With the sudden action of the guys from the Hidden Soul Society, Mu Xi and the living dead were caught off guard. In addition to the mysterious black coffin, it exploded because of Mu Xi's blood. In front of everyone, there was a shocking scene.

The place where the black coffin was originally placed was replaced by a sentence of white jade corpse. The white jade corpse contained countless tyrannical auras, as powerful as the superiors, but its chest was completely pierced by a black flame giant sword. The evil breath on the sword, as if it came from the abyss and hell, is extremely evil.

"This corpse...was hidden by the King of Heaven?" Looking at the corpse pierced by the black flame giant sword in mid-air, everyone couldn't help but exclaimed.

On the corpse, countless extremely mysterious lines emerged, tightly wrapping the black flame giant sword, so that it could not move at all, but the corpse had limbs like a human being.

"Crash!" Without the protection of the black coffin, this scene was just exposed to the air. Suddenly, the black flame giant sword, a trace of dark red evil black mist like liquid, suddenly came to life, and suddenly jumped.

"not good!"

"It's the original power of the Sky Poison Temple!" Many strong men with extraordinary eyesight were shocked by the suffocating evil fluctuations on the black flame giant sword. They couldn't help shouting loudly. Guys will kill them.

"Susu!"

"Stupid humans!"

"As soon as the black coffin is broken, there is no suppression. Although my current situation is not optimistic, this will still be the place where you fell!" Suddenly, a demon-like voice suddenly came from the black flame sword.

"Cough..." Mu Xi was attacked by Mo Baixuan before, and his breath was extremely chaotic, but at this time he was very close to the evil breath, and a wave of death filled his heart.

"It's up to you!" With the appearance of the Sky Poison Brake's voice, a moment later, a terrifying evil aura came from the body of the Black Flame Sword, and then the dark red aura came off directly from it, and then brought it with him. The sky-shaking black fog was injected into Mu Xi's body directly under the gaze of everyone.

"Ah ah ah!" Mu Xi didn't expect this scene, and he didn't have any resistance immediately, and was directly invaded by the dark red evil aura. Suddenly, his pupils shrank tightly, his eyes became red, and it was extremely painful.

"This is the Sky Poison Temple, go back!" Upon realizing this scene, the other powerhouses suddenly felt a shock in their hearts. Although the corpse of the Heavenly King Zang was near, but there was a Sky Poison Temple, I am afraid that what awaited them was only the dying. Bureau, after all, this day Dusha is a full-scale powerhouse, far from being comparable to them.

"Susu..."

"The human body is really wonderful." After a short while, the dark red breath directly controlled Mu Xi's body, so that on Mu Xi's cheeks, traces of dark red golden light lines appeared, and the pupils became abnormally **** dark red, even It is his breath, and it has soared to the level of a four-star fighting immortal.

"It seems that my guess was not wrong."

"Although Tianwangzang has completely fallen, the power of Tiandusha is not one in ten. Obviously, in order to completely obliterate Tianwangzang, Tiandusha also paid a small price, and Tiandusha's current power is probably only just Four-star Fighting Immortal rank, with these words, we have a chance of winning." Xiao Yan, who returned to the edge of the altar and joined the girls, stared at the evil Mu Xi above the mountain with a smile.

"Are you deliberately letting him control the human body?" Yuan Yan seemed to have noticed something and said.

"The strength of the Sky Poison Temple is extremely tyrannical, but in order to completely obliterate the Tianwang Zang, he lost his own body. Now he is only a trace of evil origin, so he must devour the blood of human beings to restore his own strength."

"Although the source of evil is extremely weak, it is floating and extremely easy to escape. If he controls the human body, we also have enough solutions to solve him."

"Qi Fei, Liu Qing, go!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame instantly emerged, and at the same time appeared on everyone to protect it, and then the speed skyrocketed and went directly to the top of the mountain. As for Yuan Yan'er The female is standing quietly on the altar, arranging the formation.

"Susu!"

"Humble human beings!"

"Accompany the corpse of Tianwangzang, let's fall together!" After taking control of Mu Xi's body, Tiandu suddenly snorted coldly, the dark red blood mist and evil aura were undoubtedly on display, and after a while, he waved his hand, and immediately faced many The tyrannical attack went away.

"The Art of All Souls!"

"The Voice of Heaven!"

"Beast Yi!"

"Ghost Whip!" At the same time, many other powerhouses standing in the mountain peaks also did their best and roared directly. They knew that although the strength of the Sky Poison Temple is not one in ten, the dignified Four-Star Fighting Immortal's The strength still has a devastating suppression on them, so they can only go all out. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Hey!" The extremely evil dark red blood mist easily broke through the crowd's attack, and then suddenly hit the crowd. Immediately, many strong people were shocked, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Weng Om!" At the same time, the black flame giant sword above the corpse also burst out with incomparably dazzling evil black mist, completely filling this space with black, but the only difference is this dazzling black gas It is impossible to approach the white jade corpse, as well as the mysterious runes on the altar floor.

"This is terrible." Soul Beast Alliance Shen Jun looked pale at the Sky Poison Temple that was coming towards him step by step, and couldn't help shouting loudly, he knew that if it continued like this, he might be waiting for their group. , only death.

"Let's take action together and kill the Sky Poison Sha, otherwise we will only have to die today." After a while, a trace of remorse appeared on the face of Ghost Shadow Valley's Hei Jue, and he said.

"Do it!" After a while, the seven three-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouses present, directly facing the thunder, seriously confronted the Sky Poison Temple.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Seven three-star fighting immortals are complete The strength is good, but the guys from Tianming Villa underestimated us too much."

"so……"

"Die." Sky Poison Controlled Mu Xi's body, and a black flame emerged from the palm of his hand. With the emergence of this black flame, the space suddenly became trembling, a strong uneasy fluctuation, suddenly emerge.

"Damn... this guy is too strong." Even the powerhouses who gathered seven three-star fighting immortals with complete strength, when faced with the Heavenly Poison Moment, whose strength is inexistent, slowly spread. Come.

"It's a pity that Tiandusha, a dignified and extraterrestrial evil clan powerhouse, turned out to be just a nameless person." Just as Tiandusha's palm Heiyan was about to attack the seven powerhouses, Xiao Yan's voice sounded like a Sanskrit sound. Generally, it emerges in this space.

"Boy, you will pay for your rude words!"

"And this guy is also very resentful towards you. Since I have devoured him, let me help him understand his last wish." After Tianducha finished speaking, his breath became stronger and he slowly stared at Xiao Yan.

Being stared at by Tiandusha like this, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly became serious, even Shengyan's heart in his chest was beating fast, and the holy flame in his body was also spinning at a high speed. It will completely fall.

"Tiandusha has escaped, let's go too." Mo Baixuan, the second child of the Hidden Soul Society, said after a while.

"But that Xiao Yan is the person named by the Soul Palace..." said the fourth brother Mo Yu.

"Let's go, their fall, sooner or later, we must go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, and there are more important things."

"Fourth, you stay and come with Tiandusha, we will go first." After speaking, the two also left here strangely.