Chapter 652: Emperor Pyroblast

"Boom boom boom!" In mid-air, terrifying fluctuations were slowly born.

On one side is Xiao Yan who is holding the ancient ruler of different fire and on the other side is using Di Yan's soul avatar. Together, the three members of the Dawn Team are strong. After all, they are only the strength of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, and there are not many breaths. Over time, the breath gradually weakened.

"Damn it, this Xiao Yan clearly has no life force, how come the strength of the late six-star Dou Emperor still makes me feel uneasy..." Qianzhang thought to himself just as he stabilized his pace.

Qianzhang's heart is bitter. Although he was only in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, he was born with divine power and was a power-type powerhouse, but how could he have imagined that Xiao Yan would be more violent than him in terms of strength alone!

"Just hold on, Captain, they should be done... As long as they display "that thing", let alone the strength of these two Xiao Yan 6-star Dou Emperor in the late stage, even if the real 6-star Dou Emperor is consummated, I am afraid that only obediently Accept your fate, after all, what the two of them cast..." Tan Shaoyang also kept retreating from the attacks of the two Xiao Yan, and immediately had to grit his teeth.

As for Xiao Yan, he looked at Guanglu and Anli slightly, not knowing why the two of them just hugged each other, and then two forces of life with completely different natures slowly radiated from their bodies.

"What the **** are these two doing..." Xiao Yan was slightly surprised, obviously puzzled by the appearance of these two.

"Although I don't know what's going on, these two make me feel a sense of unease, so we should fight quickly." Xiao Yan, the white soul clone, communicated with Xiao Yan's body.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words, and then the dazzling power of Emperor Yan appeared all over his body, and the figure shot out at the three of them.

"Boom boom boom!" Two Xiao Yan's terrifying attacks continued to land on the three of them, causing the three of them to be under great pressure!

"It's over!" For the two Xiao Yan's high-intensity attacks, it only lasted for a few breaths, and the three people's breaths were floating, obviously being restrained by the Emperor Yan on Xiao Yan's body. The energy of life in the body trembled slightly!

"Let me come." The next moment, Xiao Yan took the initiative to summon the clone to one side, and then on the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire in his hand, a scorching emperor flame waved to the extreme.

Although this emperor flame is not comparable to the holy flame, it is still enough to be called the embryo of the holy flame. After all, this emperor flame is fused by twenty-three different fires on the Dou Qi Continent!

"Damn, this Xiao Yan's strength is too terrifying!" Tan Shaoyang scolded secretly, his eyes flashed with a rare heaviness, and he clearly felt a dangerous fluctuation from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in Xiao Yan's hand.

"No, you have to persevere. Captain and the others are about to succeed." Qianqiu and Qianzhang looked at each other and said firmly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Gather the strength of the three of us, but I want to see how powerful this Xiao Yan is!" Tan Shaoyang saw that the Qianzhang Er brothers did not flinch, and immediately the blood in his body burst out, and his eyes flashed with fire, even when facing Xiao Yan A powerful blow is also not afraid of it.

"Huh." Naturally, Xiao Yan noticed the actions of Tan Shaoyang and the three of them, and couldn't help but be slightly surprised. Although he didn't know what Guanglu and Anli were doing, he must not be doing useless work.

"Take the call."

"This move is called Emperor Flame Explosion!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a fiery wave suddenly erupted in his eyes, and then the ancient ruler of strange fire in his hand instantly lifted into the air, and an overwhelming Xeon aura instantly appeared. in this space!

"This fighting skill, I am afraid he learned from the Emperor Yan after the fusion." Seeing this, the soul avatar on the side couldn't help but have an answer in his heart. Obviously, this attacking fighting skill was the first time Xiao Yan used it.

"Shabu Shabu!" The dazzling flames instantly surrounded Xiao Yan's entire body. At this moment, Xiao Yan, the ancient ruler of strange fire above his head, had the aura of destroying everything, and Xiao Yan had the aura of a flame king on his body. Dominate the world!

"Cough, cough..." This terrifying aura just appeared, and immediately the three Tan Shaoyang who were not far from Xiao Yan couldn't help but tensed. The terrifying attack alone made their hearts tremble. This attack, I am afraid half life is gone.

"Run!" Tan Shaoyang was not a hesitant either, he immediately realized that this attack was definitely not something the three of them could take, so he exclaimed.

"That's too late!"

"And behind us are the captain and the others, they can't retreat!"

"Only hard!" Qianzhang turned his head and glanced at the light path and dark distance behind, and found that the vitality of life in the two people was vaguely fused together, and this fusion did not produce any trace. It's strange, like running clouds and flowing water!

"The Rock of the Giant Rock!"

"Firewall!"

"Xu Muzhi!" The three of them didn't care about hiding their strength, they could only exert their remaining vindictive energy with all their might, sending out their strongest defense so far, trying to resist Xiao Yan's terrifying blow.

"If you want to resist my attack, this level alone is not enough." Xiao Yan stood at a height below zero, looking down at all beings and said to the three of them.

"Come here!" The majestic voice slowly echoed here, and then turned into a shocking force that stared at the three of Tan Shaoyang!

"Increase the power of life!" Tan Shaoyang gritted his teeth and immediately understood the horror of Xiao Yan's attack.

The next moment, in front of the three of Tan Shaoyang, the three regiments of life force with different strengths instantly filled out, turning into a dazzling defense to surround the entire Dawn team, but this dazzling defense was compared with Xiao Yan's flames, It's like heaven and earth.

"The fire is coming!" Xiao Yan said slightly, the next moment, the surrounding space collapsed, and terrifying flames burned everywhere, and then poured into Xiao Yan's hand on the ancient ruler of strange fire!

"Emperor Flame Explosion!" A cold snort crossed the sky, forming a dazzling mass of flames, attacking the three!

The colors on the giant flame ruler are extremely gorgeous, there are as many as 23 kinds, even the powerhouses who have completed the Six-Star Dou Di can't help but change their color!

"Boom boom boom!" Di Yanbang's attack and Tan Shaoyang's defense just touched, and suddenly made a very harsh sound, sparks splashed, forming countless flame ripples floating around!

"Guanglu, Shaoyang and the others..." Anlimei's eyes at the back moved slightly, and Qianying moved slightly in Guanglu's embrace.

"Don't worry, let's continue to complete our business." Guanglu comforted softly, and then the dazzling vitality of the two continued to blend. After the blending, an indescribable wave of destruction was slowly born. This wave of destruction, compared to Xiao Yan's Emperor Yanburo was even more powerful!

It's just that under Di Yanbao's attack, the power born from the two Guanglu was concealed.

"Bastard!" Tan Shaoyang gritted his teeth and said, this Emperor Yanbang had just touched their defenses, and immediately made them look like they were facing a great enemy, and their expressions changed drastically!

"Cough, cough... I have to work hard!" Qianzhang and Qianqiu, who were on the side, spurted out a mouthful of blood, and then their strength increased.

"If that's the case... then let's explode!" Xiao Yan in the air was like a flame king, he opened his mouth slightly, and then the huge flame ruler above Tan Shaoyang's defensive shield suddenly compressed, and then exploded in an instant!

The name of Emperor Yan is well deserved!

Ask for tickets!