Chapter Vol 4 1287: before the start!

Xiao Yan succeeded in the examination of a fourth-grade immortal-rank heaven-rank pharmacist. It can be said that he did not think of it himself. According to his guess, I am afraid that he would be very satisfied with the fourth-rank immortal-rank earth-rank, if not for the soul of the first pass of the soul beast. Tempering, let Xiao Yan's soul power break through, I am afraid that Xiao Yan wants to test the success of the sky, it is still quite difficult.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The matter of Xiao Yan's assessment of the alchemist naturally spread to the ears of everyone in the City Lord's Mansion, and the Yu family sisters seemed to know about it, but they didn't bother Xiao Yan rashly, because they knew that tomorrow would be the rules and rewards of the East Continent Ratio On the day of the announcement, and because Xiao Yan had just finished the assessment, he naturally wanted him to have a good rest.

This day seems to pass quickly, and the entire Thunder City is filled with a sense of seriousness and tension. The reason seems to be that tomorrow is the day of the public announcement.

The next day, when the morning sun scatters on the earth, it symbolizes the beginning of a new day.

Today is the day that Dongzhou Zhibi announced the rules. In the early morning, countless strong people have already gathered inside and outside the city lord's mansion.

"Dong, dong, dong." The crisp knocks on the door were endless.

"Big Brother Xiao Yan, the public announcement is about to start, let's go too?" It was Yu Wei who knocked on the door. I don't know why, when Xiao Yan went to assess the level of the pharmacist, this guy's strength actually broke through to the second level. In the early stage of Xingdouxian, and her elder sister Yu Ran, naturally, the strength of the second stage of Xingdouxian did not change.

"En." Xiao Yan was ready long ago. Hearing Yuwei knocking on the door, he pushed open the door directly, and then went side by side with the two girls.

The main hall of the City Lord's Mansion.

"My lord, there are quite a few strong people outside the city lord now, and they seem to be impatient for this Dongzhou ratio." In the hall, many figures slowly came out here, and one of the guards said.

The city lord and the rather mysterious Elder Forging Wind sat in high positions. Obviously, they were the announcers of the rules and rewards announced this time.

"If that's the case, then let's go." The city lord stood up directly, opened his mouth slightly, and his cheeks were full of relief, because the ratio of Dongzhou was a major matter related to their entire Dongzhou, and it was not sloppy.

And if they are the powerhouses above the Eastern Continent and the forces behind them, if they cultivate outstanding disciples who can join the Four Continents or a certain courtyard in the Li Soul Domain, for them, they will be able to enjoy the powerful Blessed by the Lord of Souls, the strength will skyrocket at that time, and for them, it will have a great attraction.

To be able to enjoy the blessings of the Lord of Souls, that kind of glory, is the dream of each of them!

After all, the Lord of Li Soul is the power of the entire Li Soul Domain. Once he is blessed, he will give many powerful things.

"Go." The two looked at each other, then walked out of the hall and headed towards the gate of the City Lord's Mansion.

Announcement of the rules and rewards is naturally to go to the altar in Leicheng, and the altar is quite close to the city lord's mansion.

"The Lord of the City is here!"

"Look at it!"

"The city owner... so young..."

"So young is to be able to sit in a high position, so tyrannical..." As the two of the city lords left the city lord's mansion and walked towards the altar, some figures on the street couldn't help but speak, and their voices were full of envy.

The position of Leicheng City Lord's Mansion is not a place where you can sit up if you have the strength, not to mention that the city owner's identity is a big man who can come into contact with the sword-forging Thunder Valley. In this way, the city owner can also be said to be the Forge-Knife Thunder Valley to manage Leicheng. 's agent.

"that is……"

"Elder Dufeng?" In the crowd, most of them were quite young people who came to participate in the competition, but there were some discerning people who could see the old man next to the city lord at a glance!

Elder Forging Wind!

This is the steward responsible for the introduction of talents at Forge Thunder Valley!

The two powerhouses walked side by side, which immediately attracted the sighs of many powerhouses.

The city owner and Du Feng walked slowly, surrounded by powerful guards protecting the order of the scene!

It can be said unceremoniously that if it weren't for the protection of these guards, I am afraid that many people would have been unable to bear it and rushed out directly.

After a while, a huge stream of people, mainly the city lord and the elder Dufeng, immediately scattered around the altar.

The altar in front of it had already been decorated quite seriously, and it was full of an aura of coercion.

"Elder Dufeng, please." The city lord smiled slightly and made a gesture of invitation.

"Let's go together." Du Feng glanced around the altar, and was a little surprised by the dark crowd.

The ratio of Eastern Continents in the past can indeed attract a lot of strong people, but it is the first time that there are so many people like today!

According to what Dufeng knew, there were tens of thousands of people who signed up, and all the people who signed up were the best people from all over the world. Now they are gathered in Dongzhou. I don't know what kind of sparks will happen.

"Let's go." The city lord nodded slightly when he heard the words, and then directly stepped into the center of the altar with Dufeng and the two of them. A red carpet decorated the entire altar quite seriously. At the end of the carpet, there were two extraordinary red seats. appear slowly.

"Everyone, you are welcome to come and participate in our Eastern Continent's grandest East Continent Ratio." Just sitting down, the voice of the city lord, accompanied by a very terrifying vindictive ripple, directly centered on the altar and spread out towards the surroundings. .

"So strong..."

"I'm afraid this level of strength is enough to reach the Three Star Fighting Immortals..." Feeling the coercion mixed in the voice, some figures with slightly weaker strength suddenly couldn't help but open their mouths slightly.

"Everyone, be quiet. Next, is the highlight of the East Continent Ratio." Seeing that the surroundings gradually quieted down, the city lord opened his mouth.

As the city lord opened his mouth, the noisy sounds around him slowly disappeared.

"Everyone's original intentions I already know, but the ratio of Dongzhou is related to the true genius of the entire Dongzhou, so the selection is also quite strict."

"The ratio of the Eastern Zhou Dynasty is divided into three stages."

"The top ten in each stage can be led by the master of the Thunder Valley Valley for a test." The coercive voice slowly came from the altar, and suddenly it was quite among the crowd around the altar. Surprised.

"three phases?"

"The top ten in each stage?"

"That is to say, with this huge number, only thirty people can go to participate in the competition." In a rather spacious corner in the center of the altar, Xiao Yan and the two daughters appeared slightly.

Originally, Xiao Yan had just arrived at the altar, and was immediately frightened by the huge crowd. However, after Xiao Yan put the Medal of Alchemist on his chest, everyone immediately avoided him, and this was why there was such a spacious place.

"The number of applicants is tens of thousands, and there are only 30 people. This kind of screening is very strict." Yuwei said softly, her voice full of worry.

Although his strength has reached the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, it may not be so easy to obtain the winning spot.

"Don't worry, there are us too." Yu Ran Ran naturally sensed her sister's worries, and put her hand on her shoulder and whispered.

"En." Seeing this, Yuwei calmed down just now, as if her sister was there, and nothing was a problem.

And after the two women finished all this, they were looking at the center of the altar. The two powerhouses announced at this time seemed to be announcing something.