Chapter Vol 4 1096: Ethereal tears!

At this time, the sky was filled with an indescribable terrifying aura, and the source of that aura was actually a black-robed man.

The man in black robe was Xiao Yan.

At this time, he only wanted to avenge Mu Yingying, because according to Xiao Yan's speculation, Mu Yingying was obliterated by Xuanling King, so he left Sheng Yan to himself, but he did not know that Mu Yingying was to save himself ...

"The fusion of three flames..."

"Since Yingying is an ethereal ice flame, let's call you ethereal tears." On Xiao Yan's old palm, a delicate lotus seed that was as crystal clear as tears slowly bred and came into being!

"You guy, how can the soul power reach the soul power of heaven-level great perfection!"

"No, all of this is a lie!" The King Xuanling watched his soul ball being swallowed by the Soul Eater and then returned to Xiao Yan's hands. At that time, the human wall formed by countless strong men in front of him was controlled by Xiao Yan. Slowly spread out, and then couldn't help exclaiming.

"Yueru, this is the soul ball, take it down and let the seniors release the control." Xiao Yan slowly gave the silver soul ball to Yueru. As for the solution, Xiao Yan had already branded it with his soul power.

"En." Yue Ru heard the words, took the soul ball, and then went directly to the group of figures below.

As for the Soul Eater, Long Yi and Xiao Yi were not far behind Xiao Yan. As for Cailin and Yanchi, they were also a large team below.

"Next, let's settle the account between us!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the ethereal tears full of destructive fluctuations on the palm of his hand slowly lifted, and he was ready to attack the King Xuanling.

"Just because you want to kill me too?"

"With the power of my self-destruction, the space crack, come out!" And Xuanling King is not to be outdone, even if he has no chance of winning, he still does not show weakness.

"She and I met a few years ago in the points plundering competition and participated in the immersion in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, but we were seriously injured by your dragon-loving army mysterious demon..." Familiar scenes continued to emerge from Xiao Yan's mouth. come out.

When Cailin below heard Xiao Yan's words, she couldn't help shaking her head slightly: "Yingying, you really won my conviction, even if Xun'er blocks me in the future, I will still help you. "

Cailin murmured, obviously Mu Yingying's previous sentence, I just want him to live, and Mu Yingying's desperate rescue of Xiao Yan made Cailin moved.

"Such a good girl died today..."

"So, King Xuanling, you can only pay homage to all this with your death!"

"With remorse, let your soul fly away!" At the end of Xiao Yan's words, he actually carried an extremely tyrannical killing intent. The three-color ethereal tears in his hand were no longer suppressed, and they were directly out of Xiao Yan's control, and there was no repentance to the side. The Xuanling King projected away.

"The fusion of the power of the three holy flames..." While King Xuanling looked at the terrifying attack, there was no trace of fear in his heart.

At the same time, the space behind King Xuanling actually became fragmented, and in a short time, it began to distort, as if something was about to shatter!

Although the ethereal tears are lotus seeds, they are exactly the same as human tears, the same size, the same crystal silver and antimony, but the three colors contain a huge energy that destroys the sky and destroys the earth.

The ethereal tears gently left Xiao Yan's palm, and then with a melodious ethereal voice, he suddenly attacked where the King Xuanling was.

"The space freezes... It's really a terrifying method." Seeing the ethereal tears whistling towards him, the Xuanling King also felt that the space around him was completely frozen, no matter how he used the means, they were all Can't move an inch!

"Fall down!" Seeing the ethereal tears approaching the Xuanling King within ten meters, Xiao Yan let out a loud cry, and then an extremely terrifying wave spread slowly and suddenly from the high sky.

"At this level of attack, I'm afraid even one-star Dou Xian Perfection level can't bear it!"

"The two of you go out with me and set up a layer of defense, otherwise the entire Xuan Santian will be destroyed by this guy." And the Lord of Soul Eater also knew that the power generated by the fusion of the three holy flames was enough to destroy the sky and destroy the earth. Dare to be sloppy.

"Okay." When Long Yi and Xiao Yi heard the words, their whole body energy emerged directly. At the place where Xiao Yan and Xuanling King were fighting, circles of tyrannical forces directly formed an enchantment, trying to dispel the violent fluctuations generated by it. besieged.

"Crash!" Kongling Tears came into contact with King Xuanling, and exploded without heeding. On the circles of hot fire, there were as many as three kinds of khaki, cyan and azure. colour!

"Ahhh!"

"Sure enough... so strong!"

"It's just that I hate it..." And as the attack that was enough to destroy the world exploded, the sinister voice of the Xuanling King full of evil intentions came out.

"Boom boom boom!" The circle after circle of attacks completely destroyed the barrier set up by the three soul eaters, and then the attack jumped directly over the sky of the Xuanling Mountain altar, and shot at the entire Xuantian Santian. go.

"Go back."

"Xiao Yan's attack, I am afraid that the entire Xuanling Mountain will be wiped out." Cai Lin looked at Xiao Yan with anger in the sky, and couldn't help but said to some people around him.

"Kacha Kacha!" After Xiao Yan's three-color space tear attack exploded, the Xuanling King was directly suppressed by force, and in just a short moment, he was blown away by this earth-shattering attack.

"Xuan Cang!" A loud cry like a life-saving straw But after Xuan Cang got out of the control of the Xuanling King, he was now a white bone, no different from a dead person.

"Just in the ashes, let your soul fly away." Xiao Yan's pupils were slightly closed, and an extremely terrifying soul force emerged, attacking the Xuanling King and the white bone Xuancang.

"Hahaha."

"Today I am defeated, but I will not make you feel better!"

"Space crack!" Xuanling King resisted the huge energy generated by the ethereal tears, and then suddenly slapped, Xuan Cang's bones were directly smashed, and he drank it against the sky.

"Pfft!" As King Xuanling's voice fell, a mouthful of blood went directly to the space that had been scorched by ethereal tears and became a little distorted, and King Xuanling's body, even soul, was also at this moment. Tears slowly pierced, but after Xuan Cang's tyrannical skeleton was broken, it turned out to be the roar of this world!

"Bang bang bang!" As King Xuanling's body and soul were completely pierced by ethereal tears, there was a sound of ice cubes breaking, and King Xuanling disappeared completely.

"it's finally over."

"It's just this price..." As the Xuanling King completely fell, the Soul Eater below said slowly.

"Yingying." Xiao Yan saw that the Xuanling King had lost his mind, and then put his hands slightly on his heart, and a trace of blue flames sent out bursts of warmth.

"Second brother, be careful!" Looking at Xiao Yan's scene, Xiao Yi below suddenly roared!

Because the Xuanling King at this time has completely fallen, but the sky here, under the final blow of the Xuanling King and the turbid air of the ethereal tears, has become fragmented, and then there is a bang, bang, and a certain sky above the altar. There, a huge vortex suddenly emerged!

In the vortex, there is a scene of extremely terrifying space storm, as if swallowing everything.