Chapter Vol 4 1231: Tier 1 guy!

"It's almost there." It didn't take long for Xiao Yan's soul power and vindictive energy to recover. At that time, Xiao Yan slowly got up and said to the Soul Eater.

"Well, not bad." The Soul Eater heard the words, but smiled slowly.

However, when the Soul Eater Lord made such a weird laugh, Xiao Yan had a bad feeling.

"Someone is here, get ready." The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater stared at the entrance of the eighth floor, and said directly without going out.

"Someone is here?" After being said by Soul Eater Master, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that there were two extremely terrifying auras that were rapidly approaching here!

Even one of them actually caused a rather restless uneasiness in the holy flames on his body!

Alien Evil Race!

There is no doubt that, with the power of Xiao Yan's fairyland soul at this time, among the two auras, there is one that belongs to the evil race outside the realm.

"Senior, isn't this Ice and Fire Island imprisoning wicked people, how can there be evil races from outside the territory?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled, and said slowly.

"Icefire Island is indeed a place where wicked people are imprisoned, but as for why that guy has the aura of the aliens, I am afraid he is willing, or he is controlled by the aliens, just like the blood demons in your Xuan three days. ." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"I don't know what the overall strength of this extraterritorial evil clan is... and it seems that since the last battle of the Great Thousand Worlds, they have hidden aura and disappeared." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"Hey, little guy, try your best to cultivate, let's not talk about the foreign evil clan, just your Xiao clan, I am afraid you need extremely tyrannical power, so that you can have the right to know the truth."

"As for the aliens, their overall strength is much stronger than our Daqian World. As for the fact that they have been too quiet for these years without any news of them, I'm afraid they are secretly planning something."

"When the next world war comes, I am afraid that the entire Daqian world will become lifeless again." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head and said.

"Susu." At the moment when the two were talking, at the entrance of the guardian space on the eighth floor, two groups of black auras slowly came here one after the other.

"So strong!" Two black strands just poured into the guardian space on the eighth floor, and Xiao Yan suddenly forcibly endured the tyrannical pressure and said slowly.

"The ape of the earth, it's just right." Among the two black qi, the later black qi slowly opened its mouth.

This black qi is the wicked person on the second floor, the aura of a dark demon.

"Hmph, dark demons, each other." The other group of black air snorted coldly and spoke directly, so that the dark air couldn't help shaking because of the dark demon's breath.

Although they are only the gap between the second layer and the third layer, but the difference in strength is not small, and the dark devil will be imprisoned on the Icefire Island, because this guy is a human, but he is invested in the foreign evil race. Among the forces, he was arrested and imprisoned here by the great power of Li Hunyu.

"You're still like this." The Dark Demon didn't bother to talk nonsense with the Earth Ape. After all, the Earth Ape's predecessor was a human, and its strength was not very good. If it weren't for the protection of the Soul Earth Ape, I'm afraid it would have fallen under the seal.

"Why are you here?" The Earth Ape naturally said directly, not afraid of the Dark Demon.

"This guy, I have to take it away." The Dark Demon heard the words, and his attention in the black gas slowly turned to Xiao Yan.

"..." Being stared at by this dark demon's power, even Xiao Yan was in a cold sweat.

You don't have to think about it to know that the strength of the two guys in front of you is too strong!

"Take him away?"

"Why?" When the earth ape heard the words, he exuded a violent aura, obviously dissatisfied with the words of the dark demon.

"I know that you have the blessing of Fighting Soul Earth Monkey. I am not your opponent in this state, but don't forget who my master is!"

"Don't say it's your mere earth ape, or even the master of Li Soul Domain, I'm afraid I wouldn't dare to be disrespectful to my master!" The dark demon exclaimed slowly.

"Humph."

"It's just a demon of darkness... but you're just a human traitor, a lackey of an alien race."

"Today, whether it's public or private, I won't let you take this guy away." The Earth Monkey said slowly, his voice full of majesty.

"Earth Ape, can't you find death?" When the Earth Ape said this, the Dark Demon couldn't help roaring angrily.

Xiao Yan clearly possesses the holy flame in his body, and as believers of the foreign evil clan, their purpose is naturally to find the holy flame, so as to send the news of the holy flame back to the foreign evil clan, so that the power of the foreign evil clan can take action and bring the holy flame back to the foreign evil clan. Yan completely suppressed, or laid the foundation for the next world war.

"It's just a waste." The Earth Ape Zaidu said, and then slowly stared at the dark demon's black energy. Once this guy showed any signs of making a move, he would do it without hesitation.

After all, no matter what, this dark demon is just a chess piece under the dark demon. Although he needs the power of holy flame to get rid of his bondage, as a human being in the world, he will not helplessly watch holy flame fall. The claws of the alien race!

"Junior thanked the senior." Xiao Yan resisted the pressure released by the two powerhouses, and then cupped his hands and said to the black air of the earth monkey.

At first, Xiao Yan was really confused, but at this moment, he also understood the purpose of these two guys.

"It's too early to say thank you now."

"This guy is very strong. He has been gifted since childhood. In addition to the evil power given to him by the dark demon, even I can't match him." The Earth Monkey said slightly to Xiao Yan.

"It's troublesome now..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but look awkward Since this dark demon is loyal to the demon of darkness, it must not be easy.

"The devil of light and darkness..."

"It's really an old rival." The next moment, the always calm Soul Eater Lord suddenly activated the Soul Eater Talisman!

Immediately, a mysterious force that devoured all souls slowly spread in all directions with a special law.

And with the Master of Soul Eater doing this, the wicked person imprisoned in the first floor at the lowest part of Icefire Island, whose original lifeless appearance, suddenly opened his pupils suddenly, and then an incomparably tyrannical soul force suddenly rushed out. The place of imprisonment, towards the eighth floor.

"Hunyouzi, what are you doing!" And just as the tyrannical soul force suddenly left the place of imprisonment and rushed towards the eighth floor, passing through the guardian space on the first floor, a dragon resounded through the heavens and the earth. roar, suddenly exuded.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Go away for Ben Immortal!"

"Lord, is it really your breath..." And the soul power emanating from the captivity on the first floor, with a roar, instantly shattered the guardian's obstruction, and then moved towards the eighth floor.

"This lunatic, such a tyrannical seal, actually broke through..." He was shaken back by a roar, and the dragon's roar disappeared, but it left an indelible shock in his heart.

There's another one that should be around 7/8 o'clock