Chapter Vol 2 840: Lidou Double 7 Stars

"This Xiao Yan is really courageous." Wang Xie and Guni said immediately while they were in Xiao Yan's flame formation.

"Can be known as a genius that the entire Burning Incense Pavilion has not encountered for thousands of years, he must have his pride." Gunny also said.

"Now, let's think about how to decipher this formation," Guni said.

"I'm very puzzled about how to play, so I'm afraid I can't help you." Wang Xie shook his head.

"The formation is actually simple. The formation is equivalent to a small field. As long as the core of the formation is broken, the formation will be self-defeating." Gunny laughed.

"The core of the formation?"

"Where is that thing?" Wang Xie asked.

"Wait for me to find it." After Gone finished speaking, a cyan energy flashed from his body, and then he probed into this hot space.

The space where Wang Xie and Guni were at this time was indeed the formation condensed by Xiao Yan using the core inscription of Shen Dong's life.

The formation method is called Double Dragon Flame Formation, which Zhu Jin secretly handed over to Xiao Yan before Xiao Yan left.

Don't underestimate this formation.

The rank of this formation alone is enough to trap a seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, and the flames used by Xiao Yan are even more terrifying. I am afraid that he will not be afraid to deal with some powerful Seven-star Dou Emperor.

"What is that?" At first Wang Xie didn't understand that there was a flame tens of meters away from the two of them, but the next moment, his pupils were wide open!

What kind of flame is that thing? It's clearly a fire dragon!

The fire dragon is covered in gorgeous colors. If you count it carefully, you will definitely know that there are as many as twenty-three kinds.

This fire dragon was condensed by Emperor Xiao Yan.

"Come back quickly!" Wang Xie couldn't help but called out to Gunny who was looking around.

For some unknown reason, Wang Xie actually felt an extremely vague sense of crisis from the fire dragon!

The sense of oppression was extremely tyrannical, and it seemed that even breathing became heavy.

"What's the matter?" Guni just walked out a few steps, and was immediately frightened by Wang Xie's voice, and then asked Wang Xie with a frown.

"There is something ahead of you!" Wang Xie shouted.

Then Wang Xie couldn't help it when he saw that Guni didn't find it. The dazzling energy of life condensed and attacked directly behind Guni.

And Guni was concentrating on finding the core of the formation, so naturally he didn't notice the fire dragon, he just watched Wang Xie attacking himself overwhelmingly, and said angrily: "Well, you Wang Xie, you are actually a **** who eats inside and out! "

As soon as the voice fell, Gunny wanted to do it, but unexpectedly, a scorching heat wave swept over him instantly.

"Boom boom boom!" Wang Xie's dazzling energy of life directly attacked the gorgeous fire dragon, and then the gorgeous fire dragon didn't suffer any loss, but just turned around and was no longer at a stalemate with Wang Xie.

The fire dragon passed away in a flash, but Guni and Wang Xie were extremely depressed.

"This formation is a bit strong."

"I don't know where this fire dragon came from, and I don't know where it went after attacking me just now." Wang Xie said vigilantly, and his intuition told Wang Xie that this formation was definitely not easy.

"This should be a different dimension. As for the fire dragon, I am afraid it is the real killer." Gunny said.

"Be careful." After a while, the gorgeous fire dragon appeared from somewhere, and then roared away at the two!

"Unlucky!"

"Xiao Yan, this **** fellow!"

"Can't you come out and have a good fight?" Wang Xie was deeply resentful by Xiao Yan's actions, and immediately scolded.

"These two guys are really tyrannical." At this time, Xiao Yan was sitting cross-legged in the medicine garden, and in front of Xiao Yan, an array scroll slowly flickered. Looking closely, Guni and Wang Xie were actually there. in the scroll.

Powerful Dou Formation Masters can trap people in Dou Formation scrolls or some mural stones. They use their spiritual power to draw inscriptions to achieve the ability to seal or trap people.

"These two guys are the outstanding disciples of Solomon and Wandu Sect in recent years, so their strength must be terrifying." Yueru said slightly.

"Can he handle it?" Mu Yingying was a little worried, Xiao had just received the power of the catastrophe, and now he is dealing with two seven-star Dou Di-level powerhouses, I am afraid that he will be powerless.

"Trust him." At this moment, Mu Yingying and Yueru couldn't do anything, so they spoke slightly.

"This guy, the luck of the peach blossoms is really good." Tianshen stood aside slightly. Obviously, this kind of thing can't do anything for him now as a one-star Dou Emperor.

Not enough Tianshen, but he knew that these two women couldn't hide their love for Xiao Yan.

"almost."

"Let me meet you." After a while, Xiao Yan's figure disappeared instantly, and when Du appeared, it had already appeared in the scroll of the formation.

"Xiao Yan, do you still dare to come out?"

"Suffer to death!"

"Poison Yin Hand!" Seeing this, Wang Xie immediately held back his anger, raised his poisonous palm, and slapped Xiao Yan viciously.

The poisonous palm carried a terrifying aura, which directly hit Xiao Yan in the formation, but just when Wang Xie was about to laugh, that Xiao Yan turned into a khaki flame. The giant dragon opened its hideous dragon mouth and devoured the poison directly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's figure appeared in the figure of Ertian Huolong.

"What's the hurry?" Xiao Yan just appeared and immediately said.

This formation is formed by the core inscription of Xiao Yan's divine movement, and it can be said without hesitation that in this formation, Xiao Yan is almost invincible, so he can come and go freely.

"Xiao Yan." Wang Xie gritted his teeth when he saw that his attack was in vain.

"No." Gu Ni thought of something, shook his head at Wang Xie, and then Wang Xie calmed down I can't tell that you are still a master of formation. "Guni said to Xiao Yan with a smile.

"So, now I kind of believe that Qi Haoran was killed by you." Guni said.

"What do you want to say?" Xiao Yan was also amused when faced with such a scene of Gunny. Could it be that Gunny was beaten by himself?

"It's better than..."

"Shall we cooperate?"

"The inheritance of Fairy Moonlight is given to you, and we only need the fighting spirit." Guni said directly to Xiao Yan the next moment.

"cooperate?"

"I don't want to conspire with the tiger, and..."

"Fighting Soul, I didn't plan to give it to you." Xiao Yan said calmly, but the frivolity in his voice could be heard by anyone.

"That……"

"No wonder we are!"

"Wang Xie, do it!"

"As long as the two fire dragons are killed, the formation will naturally fail." After Guni finished speaking, a strange energy of life emerged from his body, and then roared away directly at the two fire dragons beside Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Do you think my formation technique is so good?"

"That's a big mistake!"

"Hit me!" Xiao Yan took a slight step back, and then the two fire dragons attacked directly at Guni and Wang Xie. The attack was so strong that even the Seven Star Dou Emperor might not dare to meet them head-on!