Chapter Vol 4 1318: Top 3 match!

Ten days are fleeting.

In these ten days, the six powerhouses can be described as closed doors, trying to retreat. After all, none of the six powerhouses entering the finals at this time is a fuel-efficient lamp. If they don’t hurry up, they will lose miserably. .

"Boom boom boom!"

"Today is the event for the top six to advance to the top three..."

"I heard that among the top six this time, there are five two-star Dou Xian with complete strength, and unexpectedly, a guy whose strength is only in the early stage of two-star also broke in..."

"real or fake?"

"The guy in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian can also enter the top six, so can I..."

"Go, go, what do you know, don't look at the strength of others in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, but others have defeated the favorite Feng Yu who won the championship this time. If you underestimate him, I'm afraid..."

"what?"

"Feng Yu? Is that the one who is as famous as the pastoral song?" In the barren arena, there were thousands of people, and some noisy voices continued to chat.

Most of these figures are contestants who have already been eliminated, but now that the top six have advanced to the top three, they will definitely be very exciting, so they came to watch in the deserted arena.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Brother Feng..." Listening to the constant ridicule of the guys around, a Qian Ying spoke softly, for fear of making the men around him unhappy.

"Spider, it's okay."

"That Xiao Yan is very strong, and I always feel that he is deliberately hiding something. If you are against him, you must not be reckless. If you lose, it is better to admit defeat." Since Feng Yu was defeated by Xiao Yan at that time, it is impossible The arrogance of the first life has also weakened, and no matter what others are, there is no anger.

After all, if Xiao Yan hadn't held his last breath and didn't attack him directly, giving him time to admit defeat, Feng Yu had no doubt that he might have fallen under that terrifying attack.

"Where's Xiao Yan?"

"Why didn't you see him?" After a while, the figures of the four women slowly came to the front of the arena, but Xiao Yan was not found.

At this time, in front of the arena, six seats specially prepared for the top six players appeared in everyone's sight. 【】

"I just went to his residence, and it seems that he is still in retreat..." Liu Qing shook his head slightly.

They don't dare to interrupt the retreat of the Dou Xian strong, otherwise, if something happens, they won't be able to bear it.

"It doesn't matter, if Xiao Yan doesn't come in a while, I'll ask fifth brother to delay the game time." Duo Qifei also had the temper of a eldest young lady, and said directly in her own way.

"Hey, today's arena is really lively." After a while, Duo Tianfeng brought a team of well-trained soldiers directly to the arena, and his voice filled the entire arena.

"The third master is here, it looks like the game is about to start..."

"Come on, come and leave, the top six advance to the top three, come and bet."

"I buy madrigals, 10,000 gold coins..."

"I'll buy Zhou Mi, 20,000 gold coins..." Shouting voices kept coming from somewhere in the arena.

This kind of bet is naturally not within the management scope of Forge Blade Thunder Valley, so it was not blocked by Forge Tianfeng.

"Why didn't anyone buy Xiao Yan?" The person in charge of the bet said depressedly.

"Who said no?"

"I bought Xiao Yan, one million gold coins." Hearing this voice, Liu Qing immediately stretched out his long legs and walked directly towards the person in charge of the bet. A ring with a special pattern was thrown directly over it.

"It is indeed one million gold coins. Xiao Yan's odds are one to one hundred, hehe." The person in charge of the bet gave a malicious smile.

This guy Xiao Yan is lucky to be in the top six. A guy in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian can't be in the top three, so in his opinion, Liu Qing's business is no different from a loss-making business.

However, the person in charge of the bet was unexpected. It was precisely because of Liu Qing's one million gold coins that he almost bankrupted his family.

"The third master, since everyone has arrived, it should be possible to start the battle of the top three, right?" Mu Ge was at the front of the arena, and he casually glanced at Xiao Yan's position, but there was no Xiao Yan, and immediately said.

"Where's Xiao Yan?" He seemed to realize that Xiao Yan had not arrived yet, so Duan Tianfeng frowned.

"The third master, it's almost time to start, otherwise the stipulated time will pass..."

"As for those who didn't show up, they just abstained." Zhou Mi on the side said slightly.

"Ah, okay."

"I announce that the competition for the top six to advance to the top three will officially begin." Duan Tianfeng naturally couldn't break the rules for Xiao Yan alone.

"Let's start drawing lots." Duan Tianfeng said slowly.

As soon as the voice fell, the five figures, three men and two women who were familiar with each other, began to draw lots.

"Pastoral to Spider Li."

"Zhou Mi to the blood crystal."

Seeing the four of them slowly revealing the note in their hands, the people present couldn't help but let out a rather pleasant cheer.

"Xiao Yan vs. Heimu." The last man in black robe slowly stretched out his palm and decided the final match.

"The first game, Xiao Yan vs. Heimu." Duan Tianfeng cast a glance, the voice just fell, and suddenly the entire arena was silent.

"This guy, shouldn't be afraid and run away." After a while, Xiao Yan's figure still did not appear, and many people present had a strange thought.

"The third master, Xiao Yan hasn't appeared for a long time, so let's announce it as soon as possible."

"Susu The man in black snorted coldly at Du Tianfeng, his voice quite gloomy.

"Hey, I've kept you all waiting." Just when Duan Tianfeng was about to announce, the void in front of the man in black suddenly split open, and then a familiar figure came into everyone's sight.

"Xiao Yan?" Realizing this scene, the man in black who was closest to Xiao Yan was slightly startled. Obviously, there might be something on Xiao Yan's body, which made him quite frightened.

"Space fluctuations?" Feng Yu on the side looked at the silver formation formed by Xiao Yan, and he smelled a rather familiar aura.

"Fortunately, there is a way to travel through space, otherwise, I really won't be able to catch up."

"It's not enough for you, there seems to be some familiar aura." Xiao Yan stared fiercely at the man in black in front of him, and a majestic fighting intent radiated out.

This black man had a rather obscure evil aura. Although it was hidden very deeply, it was discovered by Xiao Yan.

"This guy's aura seems a little wrong..."

"The middle stage of two-star fighting immortals?"

"Good boy, it turned out to be a breakthrough in retreat." Duan Tianfeng saw Xiao Yan's figure and immediately realized the reason why Xiao Yan was late.

"Since everyone has arrived, then the two of you."

"Please." Du Tianfeng's voice just fell, and the two figures suddenly turned into meteors and poured into the competitive mountain range.

When the powerhouses outside the field saw this, they also opened their eyes one after another. They also wanted to know who the dark horse Xiao Yan and the most mysterious man in black would kill in the end.