Chapter Vol 4 1938: The demon emperor appears, the red king comes out, the battle of demons...

"Boom!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's aura was truly brought to a peak as countless powers intertwined around Xiao Yan's body.

Whether it was the sacred aura of the holy flame or the chilling lines on the ancient ruler, they all showed Xiao Yan's extraordinaryness.

"Woo!" At this time, watching the surrounding retreat, the power and figure of the demon emperor slowly emerged, and the seal was broken in front of him, but the flame beast suddenly woke up, staring at Xiao Yan and the land of Aurora. Look at the top.

For a time, it seemed that Xiao Yan and the two demon emperors who broke the seal both had an aura that made the flame beasts quite friendly.

"This guy is really hidden, I'm afraid in the future..." Seeing Xiao Yan easily expelling the power of the seal of the combination of the three worlds, he was surrounded by three kinds of power, and seemed to fall into some kind of special entry. In the middle of the decision, the breath of the demon emperor is slowly emerging. I am afraid that after the respite, the demon emperor will completely solve the other powers and complete the breaking of the seal!

"Wait, what's the situation?" After a while, the Heishan Longlang looked at the dying flame beast beside him with gratified eyes. Its hoof-like ankles slowly stepped on the realm of aurora, among the beast's eyes. Filled with an arrogant wave.

"Boom!" With a sound, countless energies roared out, and after a while, a domineering green aura rose into the sky, the thick demonic aura was suffocating.

Looking at it, at the top of the Aurora Realm at this time, a silhouette of a handsome figure with a size of a hundred meters appeared, and looking at the extremely ordinary figure, there was something terrifying that the world surrendered to it. strength!

It was a man in brocade clothes. In the brocade clothes on the man, a golden dragon was engraved. The golden dragon contained a rare wave of fluctuations in its breath and scales. shudder!

"Little brother, dragon wolf, ten thousand demons, thank you for your hard work." A faint voice, like a real master, comforted and repaired the weak state of several people's bodies, but this kind of broken seal would have caused an extremely huge The scene was calmed down by the demon emperor, which was enough to show the horror of this guy's strength.

"Master..." Watching the figure slowly shrink, and in the blink of an eye, it turned into an ordinary young handsome man, and the Ten Thousand Demon King and the Black Demon Dragon Wolf couldn't help crying.

Today's man has completely broken the seal. Although his strength has not recovered, he finally asked for that kind of seal torture, which makes the two of them quite gratified and happy.

"Have you entered the state of meditation?"

"It seems that this guy has a lot of fate with these three gods." He casually glanced at Xiao Yan's appearance, and then the demon emperor gently waved his hand, a dazzling green demon light, directed Xiao Yan Thoroughly protected, with this level of protection, even the reincarnation powerhouse may not be able to destroy it.

"Oh……"

"I didn't expect this little guy to be born."

"In the beginning, the chaos in the demon world was caused by my wrong decision. Now that you are here, we will belong to the demon world in the future." After Shunxi, the demon emperor looked at the flame beast with an indifferent face and smiled slowly.

"Master, this is it?" Heishan Longlang couldn't help asking.

"The king of all beasts... the worthy leader of the demon world." The demon emperor said.

"Could it be that you, Master?" Heishan Longlang couldn't help asking.

"I'm tired too. When I'm done with everything, I'll nurture him well. In the future, the demon world will be handed over to him." The demon emperor laughed.

"Lord... Now the situation in the demon world is torn apart, I don't know what to do?" After the blink of an eye, the Heisha Longlang said.

"Don't worry, after all, they are all my old subordinates. Compared with them, there are still a few old friends who need me to go there for a while." After the demon emperor finished speaking, he put his hands behind his back, and his footsteps collapsed gently, breaking through the void in an instant. , go to the other side.

Here, Zaidu has returned to quiet, but the flame beast seems to have undergone some subtle changes in its limbs. As for Xiao Yan, it seems to be slowly absorbing the magic of the Three Realms.

On the other side, the Ancient Battlefield ranked No. 1 in the Resentful House Battlefield.

With the disappearance of Heisha Longlang and the disappearance of the leader of the Guards, the army under Heisha Longlang has now been beaten by the other two strong men. I'm afraid there won't be one soldier or one soldier left. Even so, this battle will be a heavy loss for them.

On the other hand, the Tianxiong tyrant completely unified the six demon kings in private. After incorporating their powers, the power of the Tianxiong tyrant and the White Bone Demon King actually leveled up for a while, but some discerning people are still clear, although the two The backbone has been the same, but the top powerhouses...the number of reincarnation powerhouses is not equal.

At this moment, at the core of the Resentful Mansion battlefield, three figures slowly stand here.

"Is this the sealed place of the Night King?" At this time, the Water Demon King looked at the calm space with no objects in front of him, and said, with his power, he could smell a wicked awe-inspiring from this void. The breath and an irresistible suppression.

"Wang... we're here to save you." After a while, the brown flames on Huosha Wang's body burned violently, and he couldn't help shaking his body.

"The Dark Night Demon Prison is indeed here, but the power of the seal here, even I am helpless."

"This is a part of its body, leave the rest to you." After Xu Shao finished speaking, he sneered and handed the only evil bone on his body to the Huosha King. This thing is part of the Night King. With it, adding the power of the two white kings to save him is not a bad thing.

"Tick!" As soon as he took over the evil bone, a cold killing intent that penetrated his heart swept out, and immediately above the body of the Huosha King, a drop of evil blood like a flame slowly dripped onto the evil bone. above.

"Weng Om!" Accompanied by the Huosha King's actions, countless screams and roars suddenly vented from the evil bones. Immediately above the evil bones, scenes of **** evil clouds emerged, easily shrouding this space completely. A strange and terrifying aura swept out, and at the same time, the huge void that was originally empty also had a magnificent hall of conferring demons looming.

"Kacha!" With a sound, there was a loud noise in the endless dim void in front of him, and suddenly a huge golden lock bathed in the golden holy light broke quietly.

After the golden lock broke a magnificent evil palace slowly appeared in the sky in this scene!

"Break it for me!" Seeing the golden chains shatter, the two white kings tried their best to do their best, and countless evil forces vented out, and together with the evil bones, they attacked the sealing force above the largest hall.

After a while, the evil bones shattered, and the sealing power above the hall disappeared together. At this moment, the sky trembled, like some kind of heaven-shaking monster, slowly reborn.

"Welcome to my king!" Two extremely respectful voices sounded in the heaven and earth, with countless evil auras, and the voice was full of fanaticism!

"Huhu... The seal of tens of thousands of years, Demon Emperor, this time, after all, I won."

"I don't like this demon world, so let's fall with you." An ancient voice slowly emerged from the magnificent evil hall. Suddenly, countless black evil spirits appeared out of thin air, and in a blink of an eye, this place was completely wiped out. Imprisoned, scenes of crisis haunt the hearts of countless people.