Chapter Vol 2 731: The Secret of the Stone Temple

"Senior!" Xiao Yan called out in a deep voice, but the only thing that could respond to Xiao Yan was a dead silence.

"There must be something wrong with these eight stone pillars..."

"Just now, a mysterious power flickered in the palm of the old guard, and the stone pillar seemed to come alive. Why is there no movement now?" Xiao Yan did not panic when he saw that the mysterious old man was missing, but was serious. Think about it.

At this time, panic is useless, only calmness can solve the problem.

"Hey, boy."

"I know you still have a lot of questions, but those questions should wait until you've cleared this up."

"If you can't even get past this place, then it's enough to show that you have no luck with this fighting skill." Just when Xiao Yan was about to investigate the surroundings, the old man's voice slowly spoke, and then it returned to calm.

"According to what my master Jin Longwang said, it seems that we still need some things to cultivate this sky-moving ruler. Those things should exist in the eight stone pillars." Xiao Yan heard the words and suddenly remembered what his master Jinlongwang said.

"Hey, this kid, his memory and understanding are also the best choice, not bad." Above Na Jie, the figure of the Golden Dragon King said quite leisurely.

Xiao Yan's acceptance ring was already shrouded in the power of the Golden Dragon King at this time. No matter how powerful Xiao Yan was, he could not feel his existence. After all, the time difference between the two was too great.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, just when Xiao Yan wanted to make a move, a strange light curtain suddenly appeared around the stone hall, instantly surrounding the entire stone hall!

"Not good!" When the light curtain just appeared, Xiao Yan secretly said that it was not good, and the dazzling Emperor Yan suddenly burst out in his hand, attacking him with a mighty thunder!

"Plop!" However, Xiao Yan's attack was still a step too late. The attack had just arrived around the stone hall, and suddenly the light curtain had formed, and then Xiao Yan's seemingly terrifying attack disappeared directly into the light curtain, without bringing any A ripple.

"Damn, what the **** is this place?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but scolded.

Because Xiao Yan can clearly feel that since the formation of this light curtain, his power and soul power perception are only limited to the space of several hundred meters in this stone hall!

It seemed that the mysterious light curtain directly cut off Xiao Yan's connection with the outside world. This situation was quite unfortunate.

"Shabu Shabu!" Before Xiao Yan was surprised, one of the eight stone pillars was already surging. Looking at the battle, it was clearly coming towards Xiao Yan.

"A mere stone pillar wants to stop me?" Xiao Yan said disapprovingly when he saw this. Immediately, Yi Huo Heng Gu Zhi was behind his back, and a dazzling power emerged, ready to deal with the stone pillar.

"Clang!" Shizhu naturally couldn't understand people's words, even if Xiao Yan had an extremely large Emperor Yan emerging from his body at this time, he directly scolded Xiao Yan and fell down on his own.

"Boom boom boom!" One of the eight stone pillars moved directly, and then quickly fell to Xiao Yan. The overwhelming aura made Xiao Yan slightly startled.

"Damn!" Xiao Yan originally thought that it shouldn't be difficult to stop this stone pillar with his enormous Emperor Yan's power and soul power, but the next moment Xiao Yan realized that he was wrong.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" The stone pillar fell directly on its own, without being blocked by Xiao Yan's enormous Emperor Yan and soul power, it felt like he was falling down normally.

"Damn, what the **** is in this stone pillar..."

"How could it suppress the power in my body..." Xiao Yan dragged his hands up high at this time. In his palms, the huge stone pillar was pressing against Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan also felt extremely puzzled, but he did not dare to neglect, and insisted on gritted teeth. .

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the stone pillar seemed to have discovered that Xiao Yan was spying on his own secret, and his body was shocked, and a force of vicissitudes was instantly transmitted into Xiao Yan's body!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan was hit by such a blow, and his breath immediately became chaotic!

Because Xiao Yan didn't know what it was from the beginning to the end.

"calm down."

"This is the deepest part of the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion. This is the place where the treasures of the Human Palace are stored, and the mysterious old man just now wanted to guard here."

"The reason why the treasures of this palace have not been successfully cultivated for thousands of years, I am afraid there are some secrets." Xiao Yan thought over and over while facing the power of vicissitudes in the huge stone pillar.

"Boom boom boom!" The stone pillar seemed to be determined to suppress Xiao Yan, and then the power burst out, and a force that Xiao couldn't resist emerged, Xiao Yan's complexion became ugly.

"No, things will go wrong." Xiao Yan was secretly surprised, but he couldn't think of a good solution for a while, after all, this stone pillar is really too weird.

But just as Xiao Yan was struggling to support it, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on Xiao Yan suddenly made a very crisp chirping, as if there was something here that was attracting it!

"what?"

"You want me to give up resistance?" The next moment, the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan suddenly sent a message to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan also knew that this ancient ruler of Eternal Fire had some intelligence similar to that of human beings, but he couldn't say it in detail, but this ancient ruler of Eternal Fire said so, and Xiao Yan had no other way, so he had to do it immediately. .

"Gulu." Just as Yihuo Hengguchi said, Xiao Yan gave up his resistance directly, put away all the strength of his body, and let the stone pillar suppress him. , but this pain is nothing compared to swallowing the strange fire, so Xiao Yan did not make any sound.

"Boom boom boom!" As Xiao Yan gave up and resisted, the stone pillar suppressed Xiao Yan for a while, and even if it was about to crush Xiao Yan to death, Xiao Yan didn't react at all immediately became slightly uncomfortable Willing to return to the original position.

"What the **** is this stone pillar doing..." Xiao Yan murmured when he saw the stone pillar returning to his position.

Looking around, the eight stone pillars and the eight steps here seem to be somehow connected.

"Hey, good boy, you have discovered the secret of this stone pillar so quickly."

"The secret of this stone pillar has come in a lot of people, but not much has been discovered. Many disciples only know that they need to break it, but they forgot."

"Sometimes it's a skill to give up." The mysterious old man was located directly above the stone hall, and Xiao Yan's every move was in full view, but the strange thing was that Xiao Yan couldn't seem to see the mysterious old man in the stone hall.

"But although I have said the easiest first level, what follows is the real good show."

"It is not so easy to obtain the qualification to observe the treasures of our Rendian Town Store." After the mysterious old man finished speaking, he laughed in the sky.

"It seems that there is really something." Xiao Yan glanced around and found nothing unusual, and immediately opened his mouth slightly.

In addition to the warning from Yihuo Hengguchi, Xiao Yan knew that he was still one step away from obtaining the cultivation method of this man's treasure.

Immediately, he clasped the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler tightly, and stared at the eight stone pillars with a sharp aura in his eyes.

The colors of the eight stone pillars also slowly changed, as if some ancient aura appeared.

Ask for tickets!