Chapter 684: The Spirit of Luoling Mountain Appears

"Pimple!" With a sound, the golden boy's body grew a little bit bigger, and then he stuck out his tongue, and immediately two extremely tyrannical pure magic cores appeared directly on his palm!

As soon as the two magic cores appeared, the golden boy swayed his palm slightly, and then withdrew his hesitant gaze with satisfaction.

As for Mr. Xiong and the two-headed Yalong, they were swallowed directly by the golden child, and when they exerted their mysterious power, they fell directly, leaving no trace of scum!

"It's a pity the pure blood of these two guys, otherwise..." The golden boy shook his head and said to himself.

"It's almost time to start." Seeing that the blood cloud in the sky was almost condensed, the golden boy said with a solemn expression.

Because he knows that drawing this cloud of blood is only the first step, and every step that follows is crucial.

"Master, there seem to be a few uninvited guests in the Wuliang Mountain. You sent me there before. The strength of those few was mediocre, but the treasures and means they possessed were endless, so I was also defeated. I don't know. To..." Night Cat still decided to say.

"Don't worry, if they dare to come to the top of Wuliang Mountain, let them come and go."

"It just so happens that our relationship with Fenxiang Pavilion should be taken care of." The golden boy said with a smile.

After laughing, his eyes slowly turned to the strangely dazzling blood cloud in the sky!

The blood cloud at this time is completely different from the time when it just appeared. At this time, in the blood cloud, a terrifying force that restricts the heavens and the earth slowly brews.

"it's time!"

"Night Cat, Shangding!" The next moment, the golden boy shouted loudly.

"Yes!" Ye Cat nodded naturally when he heard the words.

The relationship between the night cat and this golden child is not ordinary. If it wasn't for the chance that the golden child was rescued by the night cat, I am afraid there would not be such a day as the golden child.

"Get up!" Ye Cat did not hesitate, and the power in his hand was suddenly born, and then the two giant cauldrons containing countless demon cores and countless blood essence were directly controlled by Ye Cat and roared towards the blood clouds above the sky. go!

"What is that..." Just when Ye Mao finished all this, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying had already arrived not far from here.

On the one hand, it was shocking to see the blood clouds exuding bursts of blood in the sky.

"Is that... the smell of magic core?"

"Wait, the other one is actually..."

"The blood of the dead beast?" The next moment Xiao Yan suddenly discovered what the two giant cauldrons were carrying, and was immediately surprised!

"It's no wonder why the dead beast in Luoling Mountain has no demon core, and the blood in the body is also pitiful. It was actually stolen by the king of Wuliangshan." Xiao Yan contacted the dead beast that he hunted before without demons. The nuclear and the poor blood essence immediately knew the truth of the matter.

"It seems that the guy in the Boundless Mountain has a lot of ambition." Qin Xin came over and spoke immediately.

The dead beasts in Luoling Mountain have no magic core and poor blood essence. The old man has already told Qinxin, but Qinxin's view of Xiao Yan has changed a lot at this time.

After all, the entire Fenxiang Pavilion knew very little about this matter. Qinxin was somewhat surprised that Xiao Yan could rely on his own strength to uncover the truth of the matter.

"Do you need to stop..." Mu Yingying said slightly.

"Forget it, I always feel that things are not so simple. Let's hide and wait for an opportunity." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, relying on his super soul power, Xiao Yan seemed to vaguely discover that there were only a few left in the Boundless Mountain. There were two powerful forces. One force seemed to be very similar to the night cat just now. As for the other force, it was as bottomless as an abyss, giving Xiao Yan an unfathomable feeling.

Furthermore, Xiao Yan seemed to feel an inexplicable aura from the dangerous cloud of blood in the sky. That aura seemed to dominate and was extraordinarily powerful!

"Boom boom boom!" When the two giant cauldrons containing countless demon nuclei and countless blood essence collided with the terrifying blood cloud in the sky, the blood cloud suddenly made a burst of terrifying sounds, and then the demons The nucleus and blood essence were swallowed up by it!

The next moment, a huge vortex suddenly appeared in the blood cloud, and a light and shadow slowly emerged from the center of the vortex.

"I haven't woken up for a long time." A young voice sounded, and then the blood cloud vortex only leaked general light and shadow, and the rest of the body was not fully revealed.

As for the golden boy, when he saw the light and shadow, he couldn't stop laughing, and said in his mouth, "The spirit of Luoling Mountain has appeared."

"Sir, the strength of this light and shadow..." Ye Cat couldn't help but feel a little scared when he saw this. Obviously, the strength of this light and shadow was too terrifying.

"Just watch it slowly, this Luoling Mountain, except you, all other dead beasts have to die!" After the golden boy finished speaking, he looked up to the sky and shouted.

"Since the spirit of Luoling Mountain has appeared, I don't believe that the two of you can hold your breath!" After the golden boy finished speaking, he was not impatient, he sat down slowly, and slowly waited for the light and shadow above the sky to descend smoothly. .

"What is that..." In the Five Elements Mountain Range, the five-element beast's lazy body slowly lay in the pool, but with the appearance of the bright light in the Wuliang Mountain, another breath was slowly born.

"This breath..."

"The spirit of Luoling Mountain?" The next moment, after carefully sensing the light and shadow of the blood-colored vortex in the Infinite Mountain, the lazy gaze of the Five Elements Beast instantly disappeared, replaced by a dignified look!

The meaning of the spirit of Luoling Mountain, I am afraid that no other dead beast is more clear than the strongest of their three mountain ranges!

"Although I have long known that there is the spirit of Luoling Mountain, I have never found it. I never thought that this guy would find it. It seems that this time should be an opportunity The spirit of Luoling Mountain, if it is possible I'm willing to leave this ghost place, I'm afraid I'm willing to use all my strength." After the five-element beast finished speaking, there was a sudden warmth in his eyes.

"It must pass. I believe that the Heavenly Eyed Beast will not let go of this kind of thing." After the Five Elements Beast finished speaking, the huge starlight under his feet flickered directly, and then disappeared in place, rushing towards Wuliang Mountain!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The spirit of Luoling Mountain?" The place where the giant beast inhabited the sky, when the countless compound eyes of the giant beast saw the blood-colored vortex in the Boundless Mountain, the intelligent he already knew something.

"Did Xiong Jun and the two-headed Yalong also be killed by him..."

"I'm afraid this guy has lost his mind, but thanks to you, the spirit of Luoling Mountain will reappear."

"This time, I've decided to escape here!" After the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast finished speaking, the countless compound eyes gave off a very strange look, and then the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast did not hesitate, and the figure exploded, facing the Boundless Mountain. go!

At that time, the three strongest men in the entire Luoling Mountain will slowly get together!

As for the other weak dead beasts on the periphery of Luoling Mountain and the dead beasts in the Five Elements Mountain Range and the Tianmu Mountain Range, they are currently staring at the blood-colored vortex on the top of Wuliang Mountain.

Even the people from other ground teams and Xiao Yan's team scattered to the Five Elements Mountain Range and Tianmu Mountain Range stopped and stared at the blood-colored vortex on the top of Wuliang Mountain!

Ask for tickets!