Chapter 270: The sword of purification is a feint, and the lotus of annihilation is an attack!

"The sword is coming..."

After finishing speaking, the figure in the terrifying flame armor in the sky raised one hand high, and then the whole body was instantly set ablaze by milky white flames. Immediately, in Xiao Yan's hand, an ancient sword engraved with mysterious ancient runes also appeared in his hand.

As soon as the ancient sword came out, the evil evil in the blood-colored vortex also suddenly opened his eyes, and then looked at Xiao Yan who was wearing fire armor with disbelief.

"This extremely pure power of purification is..."

"How is that possible!" Yin Xie couldn't help but said.

At this time, the evil evil had already shrunk in the blood-colored vortex. After all, he had just broken through the seal and was joined by these humans again, and the ghost energy in his body was very weak.

It was only when Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi were possessed that Yin Xie felt an extremely terrifying aura coming from the ancient sword.

"Although I don't know what method you used to forcibly increase to the strength of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, but if you think about it, it will have a great impact on your future..."

"Pretend to be a ghost!"

"Do you think this emperor will be afraid of you as a human being of the seven-star fighting emperor?" A voice full of disdain also appeared in the blood-colored whirlpool.

It's just that since the twin ghost emperors can become ghost emperors, their suspicious and cautious personality also exudes an extremely evil aura that surrounds the blood-colored vortex.

Although Xie Yin was not afraid of Xiao Yan's attack, the attack of a seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse was not enough to break the defense of this blood-colored vortex.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying milky white flame penetrated from Xiao Yan's body and limbs, and then gathered on the top of Xiao Yan's head. At this time, Xiao Yan held the milky white ancient sword in both hands, and a strong wave formed!

"Although this attack is powerful, the **** whirlpool against this ghost skill is also..." Xiao Yi's voice also appeared in Xiao Yan's mind.

"I know..." Xiao Yan also said with a smile, and the next moment, almost all the soul power in his body suddenly emerged, and he walked away from the palm of his hand.

In the palm of his hand, an extremely delicate lotus seed was also hidden by Xiao Yan.

"This……"

"Sure enough, it's a good idea!" Xiao Yi praised Xiao Yan's actions when she saw Xiao Yan's actions.

"What is this kid doing..." Xiao Yan mobilized his huge soul power and naturally did not escape Yin Xie's perception, but Yin Xie did not find the lotus seeds condensed by Xiao Yan.

In the sky at this time, it is already very clear.

The blood-colored vortex contains extremely terrifying ghost aura and some blood aura, and the evil yin absorbs power in it to restore its own strength.

On the other side, Mu Yingying Tianhuo Sacred Tiger Nine Soul Monument and Chang Yu also stopped their unnecessary struggles, and then looked at Xiao Yan wearing fire armor in the sky.

The Dou Qi in Tianhuo Shenghu and Mu Yingying was only half as much, while the Dou Qi in Chang Yu and Jiuhun Monument was even more exhausted at this time.

"This kid actually has something like a fire elf on his body..." Chang Yu couldn't think of it either.

"This kid has a lot of secrets..."

"Let's not talk about the rarity of this fire elf. Judging from the strength of the fire elf just now, it must be an existence that is comparable to the human seven-star fighting emperor."

"And that Xiao Yan can make this person willingly call him big brother, this Xiao Yan's personality should be quite convincing." Chang Yu also said slowly.

"But what is Xiao Yan doing..." The Nine Souls Tablet laughed, and then there was a hint of doubt in his eyes.

"This fire elf can actually possess Xiao Yan?" After Xiao Yi rushed directly into Xiao Yan's body, an extremely terrifying aura was exuded.

"This is something that has never happened before..." The Nine Soul Stele also stared at Xiao Yan who was wearing fire armor in front of him, and then said solemnly.

"It really didn't happen..."

"But that doesn't mean there is no such possibility..." Chang Yu laughed at this moment.

"It seems that we have to find some way to pull this Xiao Yan into our Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"After all, this talent and courage can also be ranked in the top ten among super sects like us..."

"The sectarian competition at that time will definitely be..." Chang Yu also quickly calculated in his heart.

"Is this Xiao Yan still a human..." Mu Yingying also moved her beautiful eyes slightly, and was obviously moved by Xiao Yan's sudden surge of power. Although Mu Yingying asked herself that her strength was at the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor, she did not dare to do so. To deal with the evil spirits rashly, after all, he is also a real ghost emperor after all!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This sudden surge in strength was not what moved Mu Yingying the most, but what puzzled Mu Yingying the most was the most terrifying and delicate lotus seed in Xiao Yan's hands holding the milky white ancient sword!

I don't know why, but Mu Yingying has a vague guess!

Even if Xiao Yan, whose strength has reached the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, is wearing fire armor and holding an ancient sword full of purification power, the attack he launches cannot destroy the edge of the blood-colored vortex of the ghost skill cast by the evil spirits, but Xiao Yan's hand is extremely beautiful. The power contained in the lotus seeds is countless times stronger than Xiao Yan's ancient sword!

"Is this Xiao Yan trying to feign an attack with a milky white ancient sword to cover up the power of the lotus seed, and he will kill him instantly..." The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger on the side also said with some doubts.

Although the power in Xiao Yan's body is now filled with the purest fighting qi of the fire elf Xiao Yi, Jiuhunbei and Changyu who have just appeared, and they have reached the level of the Seven Star Fighting Emperor, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also knows that ghost skill. The firmness of the blood-colored vortex...

"But the power of the lotus seeds in Xiao Yan's hands is really not small..."

"Even though it's so far apart, I can still feel an aura of destruction."

"If it were me..."

"There should only be one end..." Tianhuo Shenghu also muttered.

Many people on the ground opened their eyes one after another, and then looked around in confusion.

They are clearly still in this Infernal Corpse Forest, where they are still in the looting competition, how come they are here?

What happened to these thick ghosts and the slightly weird moon in the sky?

There are countless questions in everyone's mind.

Even in the face of Wujiang's inquiries, they couldn't answer them. They just remembered that when they saw the darkness in front of them, they passed out. I was at a loss, and looked up at the two extremely terrifying forces in the sky at almost the same time.

One is the black ghost aura with only **** swirls mixed with blood, and the other is the flame aura with the extremely pure purification power of the fire spirit, which one is stronger and the weaker...

"Xiao Yan seems to be trying his best to hide something..." Mu Feng, who was on the ground, was using almost all of his vindictive energy, but fortunately, with the recovery pill given by Xiao Yan, he felt much better.

Mu Feng discovered Xiao Yan's actions when Xiao Yan mobilized his enormous soul power!

"Could it be..." Mu Feng also shrank his pupils tightly, then looked at Luo Guang and the others on the ground.

He shouted: "Everyone, give me your power!"

"quick!"

When Luo Guang and Qiu Huoniao heard the words, they didn't hesitate. The next moment, one after another terrifying power also spread into Mu Feng's body.

Then Mu Feng's heart also moved slightly, and a mysterious blue light instantly covered his body, and then a terrifying force was activated, raising the long sword in his hand and heading towards the blood-colored vortex!

It's a little strange that Mu Feng, who has always used a wooden sword, replaced the sword in his hand with a silver sword. On the silver sword body, an aura similar to that of the ghost world suddenly appeared!

"There seems to be something in the palm of this human kid..." The evil spirit in the blood-colored vortex also seemed to have discovered something.

Ask for tickets!