Chapter Vol 4 2169: This continent is guarded by ourselves...

"Boom!"

The black and red blood mist rolled, unexpectedly shattering the space of this piece of heaven and earth, and an extremely strong aura of death lingered in the hearts of everyone, as if they had come from the other side of the distant starry sky, making their faces extraordinarily solemn and serious.

"come yet?"

Looking at this scene, the eyes of a handsome and handsome man in the crowd flickered, resolute perseverance emerged, and he murmured softly.

"Sister, if you can't resist it for a while, you can take the rest of your clan and Sister Yunyun and the others away."

Xiao Lin scratched his head honestly, and immediately said with a smile, but everyone knew what Xiao Lin's words meant.

While speaking, the atmosphere in the entire palace became quiet.

"Xiao Lin!!!"

"Don't be fooling around!"

"I'm your sister, you must listen to me!"

"A few of us will be involved here for a while. You bring the rest of the clansmen into the space channel. Even if the space channel is destroyed, relying on the strength of all of you today is enough to stay in the space channel for a short time."

Xiao Xiao's slender fingers stirred up a surging Dou Qi energy, which instantly fell on Xiao Lin, trying to push him out, the strong energy fluctuations made him slightly chill.

Although the two are both fighting saints, the power of the swallowing python contained in Xiao Xiao is not comparable to Xiao Lin.

After doing all of this, Xiao Xiao's red lips opened slightly, like a queen being unceremonious, her voice was decisive, and there was no room for negotiation.

Xiao Xiao and Xiao Lin are naturally the sons and daughters of Xiao Yan, Cai Lin and Xun Er, but now the two are grown up, no longer the little guys they used to look like, both in terms of strength and status, they all stand in this place. The pinnacle of the mainland, although Xiao Yanwei's name is credited to it, the perseverance and talent of the two are equally appalling.

"sister!"

"What time is it, you're still like this!"

When Xiao Lin heard this, he slapped his palm violently, shattering the rich energy ripples, and roaring with hot breaths rolling from his throat.

"Don't argue, our seven ancient clans and the three saintess will resist these guys together. Miss Xiao Xiao and Young Master Xiao Lin will leave with some of the remaining bloodlines of our respective clans."

The new patriarch of the ancient clan spoke slightly.

"no!"

"..." A series of disputes sounded.

"brat…"

Yao Lao and Xiao Zhan on the main stage looked at each other, and the strong killing intent in their eyes could no longer be concealed.

"Don't worry, this is his home, and ours will protect him."

"Even if it's guarding until the last moment."

Yun Yun, Xiaoyi Xian, and Zi Yan spoke softly, and after a while, their bodies jumped, standing directly above the sky, and they were the first to stop in front of everyone.

"Send my order, the army retreats, and all the voids here are vacated to avoid the aftermath of the battle."

"At the same time, gather all your strength to protect the last piece of paradise behind us."

"Dou Qi Continent's Dou Sheng rank and above, join me to fight against the enemy!"

Looking at this scene, Xiao Xiao's cold and glamorous cheeks showed serious seriousness, and his voice was as mighty as the nine-day thunder filled the entire Dou Qi Continent!

"Battle!"

"Battle!"

Xiao Xiao's voice fell, and thousands of voices appeared incessantly.

Among them, there are many of the top generation in the mainland today, the ancestor of Danta, the ancestor of Huoyun, Xiao Chen...

Immediately, the blood mist rolled in the sky, and several beautiful figures and many fighting saints were standing here. At this time, countless humans above Zhongzhou looked up and looked at the humming blood mist, and the hearts were filled with awe.

It was wriggling violently, shaking and buzzing, as if some kind of evil demon slowly crawled out.

"Xiao Lin?"

"Didn't I tell you to go back and take charge of the rear of the army?"

"What about you?"

A group of people stood in the sky, trying to figure out how to break the evil blood mist. When Xiao Xiao's eyes saw a handsome man striding out in front of him, he couldn't help but scold.

"sister."

"I've grown up."

"I am a manly man, and I will protect you like Daddy."

The faint golden flame on Xiao Lin's body was looming, and his voice was sonorous and powerful.

"I'm your sister..."

Xiao Xiao snorted coldly, extremely displeased.

"If this place collapses, I'll knock you out and carry you away..."

"Sister, if something happens to you, even if I die, I can't forgive myself... At that time, I had no face to see my parents kissing them."

Xiao Lin's nose was sour, and he roared. The lines of the Xiao family between his eyebrows showed a strange halo.

"you……"

Hearing Xiao Lin's words, the colorful snake around Xiao Xiao trembled slightly, and his voice became choked up.

Once upon a time, I was Xiao Lin's own sister, but this guy is very talented. After decades of growth, he has grown to exist side by side with him.

Originally, Xiao Xiao wanted to provoke this great responsibility by himself, but Xiao Lin saw through it at a glance.

"Don't worry, the two of us still exist."

Xiaoyixian and Yunyun looked at each other. Their strength had already reached the level of a half-emperor, and they had the nourishment of the origin of the emperor, so they would not be rejected by this world.

"Guru."

"It's really a touching scene."

"But this world will fall at my feet!"

"The delicious blood of the eight ancient clans."

"Boom!"

At the moment when everyone was arguing, the blood mist in the sky trembled and completed its brewing, a black shadow stepped out step by step, and the sky and the earth turned pale in an instant.

"Crack!"

The fierce blood mist and wind turned into countless extremely sharp energy blades, roaring at the crowd, the void ruptured, and it had the terrifying power of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, extremely terrifying!

"careful!"

Feeling the terrifying power contained in this level of attack, Yun Yun and Xiao Yixian looked at each other, both of them drank at the same time, and attacked.

"Putong a seemingly weak blow, but abruptly knocked back the two bodies by several hundred meters, and even the fighting qi in the two bodies roared violently, as if they had been affected by a very terrifying influence.

The colorful flowers fell down like lost flowers and willows, and on the shadows filled with poisonous gas, a trace of bright red blood deeply stabbed the hearts of everyone present.

"Failed..."

Yun Yun and the two daughters of the Little Doctor Fairy are the strongest in this world. How could such a powerful force be defeated in one blow under this mysterious blood shadow?

"This world is so wonderful."

"If it weren't for the high-level people in the Great Thousand World being entangled by powerhouses from outside the realm like me, I'm afraid there's really no chance to set foot here."

"Hand over the core bloodline owners of your ancient eight clans... I can guarantee that you will not die!"

"Especially... the Xiao Clan!!!"

A deafening voice sounded, and a black shadow suddenly stepped out from the blood mist and caught everyone's sight.

The energies of the heavens and the earth instantly quieted down, and the fighting qi in the bodies of countless strong men instantly solidified like a dry river, and a death-like shock emerged in my heart.

It turned out that this guy's purpose was...

Xiao Clan?

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: