Chapter Vol 4 2011: Meet the couple!

Damn little bitch, actually got the power of Jiu Xuan Chong Mingyan perfectly! "

"There is also the Nine Profound Fire Lord, who deserves to die for his sins. He dispatched so many powerful people from our extraterritorial evil clan to encircle and suppress him, but he did not completely fall, but left a trace of reincarnation and stored it in the ancient clan. The little **** will be completely resurrected with this reincarnation seal, not only will there be an extra reincarnation powerhouse in this world, even the Nine Profound Fire Lord will be resurrected, and then it will be troublesome." The **** snake below is gloomy. There was a hint of horror on his face, obviously when he mentioned the Nine Profound Fire Lord, he couldn't help trembling.

The strength of this guy, even the demon emperor, the overlord of the demon world at that time, did not give in too much, not to mention the blessing of the holy flame, his strength is even more powerful!

In order to eliminate the tyrannical reincarnation powerhouses in the Great Thousand Worlds, the alien evil clan once dispatched nearly 90% of the alien evil clan to kill these reincarnation powerhouses in preparation for the final general attack, but there are still A small part of the reincarnation powerhouses, on the contrary, annihilated the army sent by the evil race from outside the realm. Although they were also seriously injured and fell into reincarnation, their power spread in the great world. Once they are awakened by the destined people, they can get them. The Reincarnation Seal, after the perfect understanding of the Reincarnation Seal, the two Samsara came into being!

Two of them are reincarnations, one is the original master who fell asleep in reincarnation, and the other is the apprentice who gave his inheritance!

The Great Thousand World has a rather mysterious river that hangs above the nine heavens, called the Sea of ​​Reincarnation. In the Sea of ​​Reincarnation, there are many reincarnation-level powerhouses sleeping. These powerhouses have written down the illustrious battle exploits for the Great Thousand World, and they are dying in the end. into it.

Although they are sleeping in the sea of ​​reincarnation, their mantle and power are scattered in the world in the form of the seal of reincarnation, waiting for the inheritance of those who are destined. When the seal of reincarnation is perfect, they are also recovering from the sea of ​​reincarnation. day.

This is the origin of Samsara Sea and Samsara Seal.

"Tick-tock." After the breath, the tremor at the top of the entire mountain stopped, and a crisp sound slowly resounded.

"Ow." After the blink of an eye, the golden giant cocoon in front of him slowly merged, and countless golden liquid poured into Xun'er's skin like a nectar and jade liquid, white and red, as beautiful as ice and snow.

"Xun'er." Seeing the beautiful eyes of the beautiful figure who was thinking about the night in front of him flickering, with a rather lively appearance, Xiao Yan's pupils were filled with a rare trace of tears.

After reuniting after a long absence, all kinds of emotions of love, admiration and thoughts flooded into Xiao Yan's heart instantly, making Xiao Yan, who used to be extremely strong, suddenly become tender and tender.

"Brother Xiao Yan." A pleasant silver bell that he hadn't heard in decades quietly rang in Xiao Yan's ear, and immediately a soft-bodied person was like a mollusk. He couldn't suppress the thoughts in his mind, and directly He threw himself into Xiao Yan's arms.

With that appearance, where is there a real superior, the posture of the ancient saintess, clearly resembles a beautiful girl who has fallen in love.

Satisfaction, happiness, and even a trace of long-lost affection slowly lingered in Xun'er's heart.

The two of them were just like this, they didn't say much, they just looked at each other, and the countless languages ​​were already well known. .

"Let's go, let these two have a good chat." Gu Yuan coughed a few times, and walked towards the top of the mountain with the Peerless Heavenly Emperor and the snake and scorpion blood. He found a quite elegant pool, and cultivated with peace of mind. Recovering the wounds and lost vindictiveness in the body.

"Hmph, Brother Xiao Yan is really too much. It took so long to come to Xun'er. Did he almost forget about Xun'er, or are there some wild flowers outside that are more fragrant..." After a few minutes, Xun'er broke away. Xiao Yan's firm embrace, turned his back slightly, and said with a grudge on his face, but there was a rare golden light pattern on the center of his eyebrows. Obviously, when he just hugged, with the reincarnation seal, Xun'er slightly noticed something, it was just that kind of The traces are too vague, and now I can only pretend to be angry.

"Where is it?"

"I think the fire of the ancient clan's inheritance you just absorbed is the Nine Profound Chongming Flame, which ranks eighth on the Sacred Flame List. Although this flame is mysterious and extraordinary, it is extremely attractive to the powerhouses of the Holy See, but But it's kind of weird."

"The thing between your eyebrows...is the Reincarnation Seal?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly stood up and stretched out his huge palm towards Xun'er's tightly clasped willow waist.

Xiao Yan could only change the subject in a hurry. Although Xun’er would know about Mu Yingying’s affairs sooner or later, it would be a good idea to hide it for a while. After all, now that the crisis of the ancient clan was ahead, naturally he didn’t have the time to take care of other things. After all, Xun’er and himself were two different things. Xiao Wu guess, don't look at this girl like this, if it really makes her angry, I'm afraid Xiao Yan won't even have a chance to sleep in the woodshed...

"Yep."

"It's the reincarnation seal of Senior Nine Profound Fire Lord."

"A certain generation of the patriarch of the ancient clan and the senior of the Jiu Xuan Huo Lord used to be close friends, so when the senior fell into the sea of ​​reincarnation, he left the Jiu Xuan heavy bright flame and a trace of reincarnation in the sacred place of our ancient clan, waiting for the opportunity to recover."

"But if you want to absorb this kind of holy flame, you can only rely on the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan as the predecessor, otherwise you can't get close to the slightest." Xun'er's beautiful eyes flickered, and she looked like a slim fairy, obviously absorbing and swallowing the nine mysterious heavy flames, letting Xun'er blink. The child's breath became more and more beautiful.

"Your current strength seems to be a little bit?" After the two of them lingered for a while, Xiao Yan realized that something was wrong and said slightly.

"It's just a little bit stronger than Brother Xiao Yan, and it's all relying on the legacy of the Nine Profound Fire Lord and the predecessors of the ancient clan. It's definitely not as good as Brother Xiao Yan." Looking at Xiao Yan and asking, Xun'er was quite In order to speak reluctantly, the two little tiger teeth rubbed their teeth slightly, as if it didn't matter, and even at the end, they even comforted and explained, for fear that Xiao Yan would be unhappy because of this.

"Eight-star fighting immortals?" Following Xun'er's words, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a tinge of surprise in his heart, resisting the shock in his heart, and continued.

"En." Xun'er nodded slightly, the slender three thousand blue silk revealed a different exotic style, the big eyes full of spirituality flickered slightly, and the beautiful eyes stared at Xiao Yan with a smile.

"I..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel the urge to kill him when he heard these words.

She struggled and struggled, and finally her strength reached the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, but Xun'er actually only relied on many inheritances of the ancient clan, and her strength directly surpassed herself?

Even the ranking and power of Shengyan directly surpassed him?

My first wife is so mighty, and my second wife, Cailin, also has the power to swallow the sky with ten colors. In the future, she will completely master the ten colors, and her strength will be at least in the rank of reincarnation. , In addition to his unyielding character, I am afraid it will also be a big problem in the future For a time, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a sense of dizziness, it seems that these three beauties are not the same Vases are generally only ornamental, but more like roses with thorns. When strength and beauty come to a woman together, then if you continue to improve strength without working hard, I am afraid that the status of the head of this family, even It is a happy life in the future, I am afraid that it is in jeopardy...

Why did Fei Si become weak again when he wrote and wrote? ? ?

Forget it.

Xiao Yan is the protagonist, more than 80% of the plot belongs to him, and the remaining 20% ​​is shared by everyone. After all, some other characters have to be highlighted.

And what do you think, Xun’er is so powerful, standing tall on the outside, but so well-behaved in front of Xiao Yan, this huge contrast is the beginning of the child of light from love to hatred and jealousy, and it is the reason why he will kill Xiao Yan ( I really want to jump right in and write about the demon beating the angel. It’s a high-burning plot of the Slaughtering Soul. Good things come and go, I need to do some foreshadowing, don’t be in a hurry)

Chapter List