Chapter 325: The classification of the battle formation division!

"Old Zhu, with the strength of the Eight Star Dou Di and your status as a Dou Formation Master, you have resisted all the powerhouses of the Xuanling Royal Family?" Xiao Yan was also surprised!

According to what this old Zhu said, the battle just now was a Dou Xian strong, two Dou Emperor peak strong, as for the other strong, there must be a lot...

In front of him, Elder Zhu actually resisted such a terrifying battle with the strength of the eight-star Dou Di Perfection level!

According to Xiao Yan's perception, the eight-star Dou Emperor Perfection level is not enough to deal with a Dou Xian and two Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouses...

Then there is no doubt that the result is only one...

Battle Formation Master...

Few people know about this identity profession, even in Xuantian Santian where the powerhouses are like clouds, but it is undeniable that the identity of this Dou Formation Master, if a powerful Dou Formation Master, is comparable to that of a huge army!

Because what Dou Formation Masters are best at is not fighting alone, but fighting in groups!

The most terrifying thing for Douzheng division is that in a real war, relying on his own strength, he can block the enemy's tens of thousands of troops or the enemy's most powerful!

This is the true horror of Dou formation masters.

In a battle, if the enemy's army or strong man is besieged and temporarily unable to escape, then it will undoubtedly play a decisive role in the battle.

"It's too strong..." Xiao Yan's eyes also became dull. Obviously, he could feel it just from the words that Zhu Lao said in front of him. This Zhu Lao's body seemed to be somewhat exhausted, but it contained How powerful!

"This is the real battle formation master." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

"In that battle, by virtue of my identity as a battle formation master, I held back all the fighting power of the Xuanling royal family, thus giving the Medusa family a chance to breathe, and with their thunderous counterattack, I also gave Xuanling a chance to fight back. The unrecoverable damage to the Ling Royal Family."

"For this reason, the senior officials of the Xuanling royal family are also furious and want to declare war on our Burning Incense Pavilion in an all-round way, but how can the nine super sects make the Xuanling royal family succeed? down..."

"However, the Xuanling royal family's hatred for us, the Incense Pavilion and the Medusa family, has not diminished in the slightest, and they even want to get rid of us at all costs..."

"As for why Solomon has a good relationship with the Xuanling royal family, I don't know."

"However, one thing is certain, this Solomon and the Xuanling royal family must have some secrets secretly going on..." Zhu Lao also said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Returning the Xuanling royal family and Solomon really..." Xiao Yan also shook his head slightly, and then without hesitation, he spoke to Elder Zhu in front of him.

"Old Zhu, what are these things in your house..." Xiao Yan also looked puzzled, but in fact Xiao Yan was asking the question. Don't ask.

"Haha, I don't believe you have only discovered your soul power at the emperor level..." Zhu Lao also smiled slowly, and then he ignored Xiao Yan, but stared at the scrolls in front of him, which seemed to be in front of him. Thinking about something in general.

"The scrolls in front of you are also the same as the scrolls that generally record fighting skills, but the scrolls of this formation and the scrolls of fighting skills are two different things."

"Most of the scrolls that record fighting skills can be practiced by anyone, except for some fighting skills that have special restrictions or seals, but this scroll is different."

"If it's not a battle formation master, you won't be able to open the scroll of this formation."

"You can close your eyes and feel it carefully." Elder Zhu also said slowly, but looking at the scrolls in front of his eyes, there was an extremely gentle expression, as if these scrolls were his heirs!

"Yeah." Hearing this, Xiao Yan did as he said, slowly closed his eyes, and did not worry about anything else. After all, this is the Fenxiang Pavilion, and this is one of the most important people in the Fenxiang Pavilion, so he has no worries.

"Close your eyes, don't use your soul power or spiritual power."

"Just rely on your intuition and use your hands to touch and communicate with the scrolls in this room." Just when Xiao Yan was about to use his mental power to detect which scrolls were scrolls, Elder Zhu's voice was also slow. appear slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned slightly, and the next moment, he also slowly raised his hands, and then walked away towards a silver-colored array scroll in front of him.

Because Xiao Yan is carrying twenty-three kinds of strange fires, his palm also has a temperature that is different from ordinary people, but when Xiao Yan's palm just touched the silver array scroll, the array scroll exuding silver rays of light, strangely It trembled, and the next moment, a silver ray of light on the formation scroll also appeared instantly from the circular formation scroll, and then the next moment, it also directly passed through Xiao Yan's arm that was in contact with the formation scroll. It was directly inserted into Xiao Yan's body...

"What is this..." Xiao Yan was also startled, but he didn't panic in the slightest, but in Xiao Yan's perception, the silver formation scroll he just touched did not seem to be a simple formation scroll, but just now. What I have touched, if expected, is the core of the silver formation scroll!

Array core!

It is the core of a formation scroll, which controls the core of the formation, and is also qualified to display the formation freely display and shrink.

"Elder Zhu, this is..." Xiao Yan also said to Elder Zhu next to him after a brief thought to no avail.

"Hey, how does the silver formation core taste just now?" Zhu Lao instead ignored Xiao Yan's question and asked directly.

"That silver light..."

"It seems to be something that was originally left on the scroll of this formation. I don't know why it got into my body..." Xiao Yan also murmured. After all, Xiao Yan also wanted to investigate, but the silver light, As soon as he entered Xiao Yan's body, he disappeared without a trace!

"Hehe, no, you are sensing it carefully." Elder Zhu also shook his head, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also felt something in his body, and then his whole body suddenly burst out.

"This silver light is actually at Ni Gong Wan..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also discovered the trace of the silver light that entered his body, but then Xiao Yan was also puzzled, how could this silver light enter him silently Why don't you let yourself find out at the Ni Gong Wan?

After all, he is now an emperor-level mortal-level soul force. Although he cannot detect thousands of miles on the Doudi Continent due to all kinds of suppression, Xiao Yan can still detect it in a mere tens of miles.

"Hehe, the core of this silver formation is the control center of this formation scroll. You can directly control it through your original inscription." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

Ask for tickets!