Chapter Vol 4 1744: The curtain and the treaty, the ghost world is over!

"What's going on..." In the collapsed desert hinterland, pieces of debris kept falling off, as if it would explode completely at any time. At this time, the three strong men stood in the clouds, and even the power on them was reincarnation.

"That's..." But when this black-clothed figure just appeared, Xiao Yan couldn't help trembling in his heart. Obviously, this guy's breath seemed to make him feel familiar.

After a while, Xiao Yan couldn't hold back the impulse in his heart, his body trembled, and he went straight to the sky. He wanted to confirm his conjecture.

"Little Junior Brother, what are you doing?" Hao Ni'er was shocked when he saw this. He was just about to stop Xiao Yan, but he was stopped by You Er and Heishan Longlang.

"Let him go, that guy, he should have something to do with him." Heishan Longlang shook his head helplessly. After all, when he passed through the red reincarnation zone in the center of the temple, he noticed this guy's breath, but this guy didn't He took action against Xiao Yan, and even took the initiative to clarify the threat of the two Thunder Mountains, so the Black Devil Dragon Wolf concluded that he must have something to do with the guy in front of him.

"Your Excellency... This is a matter between my Soul Eater Domain and Li Soul Domain." After a short stalemate above the sky, the Soul Eater Lord slightly restrained the aura of the two evil soldiers, with a steady Tone.

"I know this is about your Second Domain. I didn't want to interfere, but this guy and I have a difficult relationship..."

"I don't want him to die." Black-clothed Qianying said apologetically.

"Impossible, this guy is doing a lot of evil. If he doesn't completely kill him today, I'm afraid he will become a murderous demon in the future. After all, he can use the life of his subordinates to pay homage to his own path of reincarnation. This alone is an unforgivable sin..." The Lord of Soul Eater immediately snorted when he heard the words.

"With me, he can't die..."

"Of course the evil he does will pay the price, but sin does not lead to death."

"On the contrary, if you want any compensation, just speak up."

"The premise is that he doesn't die." Qianying in black also seemed to see a small figure flying towards here from the abyss in front of her, her tone softened a little, and her heart could not help beating violently.

When the two of them meet again, it is really good fortune that they will be in this way.

"You!" The Lord of Soul Eater heard the words, and immediately became furious. If it wasn't for the fear of the mysterious reincarnation powerhouse and the subordinates behind Xinxian, the Lord of Soul Eater might have already fought with him.

"Teacher." Just when Soul Eater was at a loss, Xiao Yan's figure came to Soul Eater's side.

"Why are you here?"

"Come down!" Seeing Xiao Yan coming here, the Soul Eater couldn't help shouting, a reincarnation-level powerhouse could not be shaken by him.

"Teacher, the Second World War is over, put these things away, and leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"But..." Soul Eater's eyes were flickering, he just wanted to refute Xiao Yan, but seeing the firm look in his pupils, he helplessly said.

In the end, he could only choose to believe in Xiao Yan. After all, he was already in a state of exhaustion at this time, and it was useless to forcefully support him.

"If something happens to him, I will stop at nothing to destroy all of Li Soul Territory!" He said viciously, and the Soul Eater immediately dismissed the countless ghosts around him, lowered his body, and converged towards the troops below.

For a time, in the sky, there were only the three people left standing above the blood cloud like a dying person, the Lord of Li Soul, Qianying in black, and Xiao Yan.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and he glanced at the embarrassed Soul Master behind him with resentment, and then he was watching the black-clothed figure.

"Qi Fei." A soft voice, but it contained endless deep meaning, swept out.

"Stretch!" In an instant, the delicate body of Qianying in black suddenly shrank and trembled.

"Xiao Yan, I haven't seen you for a long time." After a while, the slender jade hand directly took off the black clothes from his body, revealing his original appearance, and a light voice sounded slowly.

Forge Qifei!

At this time, she has changed a lot from the past.

Clear and bright pupils, curved eyebrows, long eyelashes trembling slightly, flawless skin like a baby, silver hair falling vertically like a waterfall, even above the silver hair, a trace of gray thunder, flowing slowly , set off its temperament like a fairy left behind by an angel.

"Are you... alright?" Looking at the fairy who was enough to make everything pale in front of him, Xiao Yan took a long time to hold back a sentence.

"I'm still me." Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's concerns, Du Qifei smiled sweetly and said.

"You..." Xiao Yan's body suddenly shook after hearing Du Qifei's words.

"But he's my uncle... My mother died early when I was young, and my father brought me up. Even though he treated me badly, the relationship between blood lines... Do you understand?"

"And this is also my mother's last wish before she died." Du Qifei's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and she turned her head away, as if she didn't want Xiao Yan to notice the tears and sorrow in the corners of her eyes.

"Cough cough... Mayfair, thank you very much."

"When I reply, Li Soul Territory will be handed over to you. When the time comes, you and I will join forces to eat Soul Eater Territory, what is it?"

"Susu!" Hearing Duo Qifei's words, the Master of Soul Li smiled.

As long as he doesn't die today, he will have a chance to make a comeback in the future.

"Two conditions." Seemingly making a lot of determination, Xiao Yan slowly stretched out **** and said to Duo Qifei who turned his back.

"En." Duan Qifei felt relieved when she heard Xiao Yan's words. She was most afraid that Xiao Yan would not know how to change, and she must kill the Master of Li Soul. At that time, I am afraid that she and Xiao Yan could only make a complete break!

Even if Duo Qifei knew that it was impossible for him and Xiao Yan to have a result, but if they were still friends, they could maintain a good relationship.

"First, I need Acacia and Broken Enteritis." Xiao Yan said calmly, apparently taking Du Qifei into consideration, and making such a step backward.

"Hahaha!"

"You are dreaming!"

"The Acacia Broken Enteritis has been completely swallowed by me. If you want this holy flame, go dream!"

"Hahaha...Aah...No!" Hearing Xiao Yan's incredible condition, the Master of Li Soul laughed hideously, but before the laughter fell, a giant hand of energy entwined with countless gray thunder patterns. , easily pierced through his chest, then the pink flames and pink holy flame crystals will be completely deprived of his body by his giant thunder pattern hands!

"Ah ah ah!" Acacia flame has been swallowed by himself, and now it has been directly deprived by Duo Qifei. The eyes of the Lord of Li Soul are filled with bloodshot, and the pain is unbearable. Even because of the loss of holy flame, the power has also fallen from the realm of reincarnation. At the point of half reincarnation, the source is damaged, and I am afraid that I will not be able to advance to reincarnation in the future.

"Secondly... The Lord of Li Soul, he must not be in charge of Li Soul Domain forever." Xiao Yan's pupils slowly shook his head, this was already the biggest concession he made.

"I promise you."

"Come here, send the Lord of Li Soul to the Forest of Shadows, and never take a step!" And as Du Qifei's voice fell, the void was squirming, and an extremely tyrannical breath emerged.

These guys are extremely familiar to the Lord of Li Soul, because they are all high-level people in Li Soul Domain, the masters of the four major temples, and the powerhouses in charge of many martial arts!

Looking at their humble attitude They actually betrayed themselves and all surrendered to Du Qifei?

It's no wonder that when the Wumang Blood Soul Formation was launched, the other three temples were not affected by the powerhouses. It turned out...

Their demons have betrayed!

Moreover, the so-called Forest of Shadows is a barren land, and it is the area where the prisoners are imprisoned in the Li Soul Territory. Once they enter, they will never leave.

"Lord... The Lord of Li Soul belongs, he has surrendered, and those who disobeyed have been beheaded. He is just around the corner to rule Li Soul Territory, but now Li Soul Territory's vitality is severely damaged, and the powerhouses of Soul Eater Territory are constantly attacking, you see ?" For a time, the master of the North Temple was the first to speak.

"Now that Li Hunyu has everything in my hands, I will completely control it."

"In the future, Li Soul Territory will not do anything beyond the bounds of Soul Devouring Territory. Let your people discuss the rest of the compensation. I will draw out the guardian power of the Earth Spirit Academy and give you a year to cultivate. , let you safely return to Soul Eater Domain."

"I'm tired."

"Let's go." Duo Qifei finished speaking, ignoring Xiao Yan and the top executives of the Soul Eater Domain, shaking in the void and disappearing here.

"Bai Ze, instructed to go on, gather the army, withdraw to the Earth Spiritual Academy, rest for several months, and set off to return to the Soul Devouring Domain."

"Ni Er, the rest of the compensation matters, Ni go to discuss with her."

"gone."

"The war between the two domains, let's end it like this." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head slightly.

"Qifei, thank you." Xiao Yan held Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation and Saint Yanjing in his hands, and bowed slowly to the void where Duan Qifei disappeared, and then completely dissipated here.

As the crowd dissipated, the desert hinterland was finally unable to support it, and the sound of Peng exploded completely, and this two-domain war was completely over, except for some minor things, this trip to the ghost world was also completely successful. .