Chapter Vol 4 1721: 5 Palace of Kings, half reincarnation!

"Damn it!"

"Are you crazy?" Seeing Xiao Yan's whole body filled with dazzling golden light, the Master of Li Soul couldn't help shouting, and there was a trace of deep anger in his voice!

In order to consider that Xiao Yan's human body is only five-star fighting immortal strength, his peak strength is likely to directly burst Xiao Yan's body, so the Lord of Li Soul just used Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation to severely wound himself, all of this is In order to prepare for Xiao Yan, how could he have imagined that the fluctuations in the golden light pattern emerging from the forehead of Xiao Yan's body had surpassed the power that Six Star Fighting Immortals could possess. Roar, the power contained in the light pattern is still increasing like a sleeping giant dragon, which makes the Lord of Li Soul have a very strong premonition. If Xiao Yan is allowed to continue for so long, I am afraid that the power he calls out is likely to surpass himself. .

The guardian power of the Xiao clan is the Ten Temple Yama, and the so-called Ten Temple Yama are ten human powerhouses.

Among the ten human powerhouses, many of them may be weaker than the Master of Soul Li, but with the experience of Master of Soul Li, it is naturally clear that among the Ten Halls of Yama, there is indeed a reincarnation-level powerhouse. Once Xiao Yan calls it out , I am afraid that my perfect plan can only end in failure.

At this moment, the Lord of Li Soul was really panicked, and he finally tried his best. If the bamboo basket was empty in the end, it would be unacceptable to the Lord of Li Soul.

"Little bastard, I won't let you do it so easily!"

"Thousands of ghosts eat the heart!" Seeing Xiao Yan self-consciously awakening the unparalleled super power hidden in the clan lines, the Master of Li Soul let out a low roar, and countless dark red powers rushed out, immediately surrounding him , forming tens of thousands of ferocious ghosts!

The army of ghosts is mighty and mighty, and every time it moves, it will carry a suffocating suffocation, and the impact revealed invisibly is even enough to move mountains and rivers, turning them into a flat ground.

"Not good!" You Er had just recovered from his surprise and lost his voice, and suddenly looked at the nearly ten thousand scarlet pupils among the tens of thousands of ghosts. The density was so dense that the hairs all over his body stood upright, so The number, such a huge power, is probably enough to easily obliterate Xiao Yan in an instant.

"Extinction of the Underworld Dragon!" And just as these ferocious ghosts with a mighty gloomy aura tried to get close to Xiao Yan to obliterate him, a roar that pierced through the sky shone in this retreat.

"Boom!" A giant dragon surrounded by dark green aura appeared, and immediately spewed out, a long flame of flames directly broke a gap in the dense army of ghosts, causing these guys to stop moving for a while .

"Boy, don't worry, this guy, I will entangle him." The dark green dragon said.

Seeing Xiao Yan's face in pain, and the blue veins bursting out on his body, it is obvious that the kind of torture that needs to be experienced in order to awaken the protective power of the Xiao family is appalling.

"Thank you...Thank you!" Xiao Yan forced a wry smile and said to this mysterious powerhouse. He naturally knew that this guy was the mysterious powerhouse who had been helping him secretly, and immediately his whole body included the power of blood. At that time, it will irrigate the golden light pattern on his forehead!

In the soul realm just now, the light group at the spiritual palace is naturally something left by Xiao Zifan. Unfortunately, with his method, Xiao Yan could not detect some things left, but it was the light group that made Xiao Yan clear. He realized that the guardian power of the Xiao clan had always been floating in his clan lines, and if he wanted to wake them up, he could only use the power of the blood of the Xiao clan, so now Xiao Yan is constantly flooding his own blood and fighting qi. I irrigated it against the clan lines on the forehead.

For a time, a giant dragon-like aura went from weak to tyrannical, and Xiao Yan always felt that the protective power of the Xiao family did not seem to be sleeping, but half suppressed by the seal. As for how this thing escaped to Xiao Yan's forehead is on the clan mark, Xiao Yan was not clear for a while.

"Ahhh!" After a while, a piercing pain filled Xiao Yan's body. It was a pain that penetrated deep into his soul and emanated from his bone marrow.

Xiao Yan didn't know what kind of power this was, but Xiao Yan knew that if he wanted to awaken the power of guardianship, he had to experience this pain, and he could clearly feel that every time he poured into his forehead with the energy of his own blood and fighting spirit. Among the clan lines, a majestic and vast force slowly recovered.

Xiao Yan's heart was beating violently. It was because Xiao Yan had experienced countless dangers, and he did not have the power to tremble like today. This tremor originated from the bone marrow, penetrated deep into the soul, and even the blood of the Xiao family in the body solidified. , including every inch of skin on the body, as well as cells, without exception.

At this time, Xiao Yan's mind was blank, he just conveyed power like a machine, maintaining his last shreds of vitality. Once that power was interrupted and destroyed by anyone, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would be wiped out in an instant.

"Keep your mind, use blood as a guide, use strength as a supplement, and inject it into your clan pattern." At this moment, a mighty voice came from the dark green dragon, pouring into Xiao Yan's mind.

"The overlord of the demon world?"

"Black evil dragon wolf?" The dark green man who suddenly appeared beside Xiao Yan, the Lord of Li Soul, who was constantly attacked by You Er, couldn't help roaring.

"Humph."

"The master of the dignified soul domain will also use such despicable methods, it seems that the master is right."

"Lord of Soul Li, it should be killed!" The dark green man saw this, without any fear, a trace of dark green aura wrapped Xiao Yan, and immediately stared at Lord Li Soul with vigilance.

"Damn it... It seems that the last time I attacked the demon world, I still failed to wipe out the evil spirit of the monsters in your demon world. Next time, I will completely wash your demon world!" , The Lord of Li Soul is quite familiar.

"Don't worry, until the master completely breaks the seal, it will be the day when your Li Soul Territory is destroyed." Heishan Longlang also said with a crazy tone.

"We join forces to entangle him temporarily."

"This little guy still needs a little time." Seeing Xiao Yan's motionless situation, the Heishan Longlang came to You'er and said.

"He is very strong, and he has touched the reincarnation. Even if he is seriously injured now, the two of us cannot defeat him." You Er shook his head. It was obvious that what she devoured just now was the origin of her master. Some special secret techniques to improve strength, so I have the power of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal for a while, but this power has too many sequelae, and even the strength cannot be improved at all in the future. Will be willing to use.

"do not care."

"Do it!" As soon as the two of them finished speaking, they immediately joined hands to deal with the Master Li, and for a while, the end of this place became confusing again.

"Ten Hall Yama..."

"The Hall of the Five Kings, Xiao Sensheng!" Just as the three launched a strong attack, Xiao Yan's heart, through the golden light pattern, slowly saw a few ancient obscure words on his forehead and between his brows.

A few small words seem to have some kind of magic power, and they are also the fluctuations of reincarnation.