Chapter Vol 4 872: Gorefiend makes his move!

"How could this rock-solid hall be opened..." Yutu exclaimed.

"Shabu!" At the next moment, above the hall, a figure wearing a black cloak, exuding endless evil poured in instantly, and then stood in front of the blood mist of the two ghosts.

"I never imagined that the two of you would still have today."

"Have you got the thing?" The black-robed figure asked the Netherworld Shuangzun.

"I got it." You Zun heard the words and couldn't help but take out a silver stone from his phantom that even Xiao Yan hadn't found.

The silver stone was about the size of a fist, but it was covered with mysterious runes!

"Beast, that's the master's inheritance..." Cang Yue heard the words and couldn't help cursing, her eyes were slightly wrinkled, and there were tears in her eyes.

"What?" Xiao Yan immediately frowned upon hearing this.

Above the silver stone, an extremely dazzling power slowly sounded, and with the emergence of that power, Yue Ru, who was on the side, felt the deepest!

At this moment, the inheritance rune on Yueru's forehead flashed extremely dazzlingly.

"You can't let them escape!" Cang Yue snorted coldly and said.

At this time, the two ghosts have been seriously injured by them, and it is the best time to punish them. If they escaped at this time, it would be difficult to punish them in the future!

And I don't know that the inheritance of my master is still in the hands of the two ghosts!

"The inheritance of the Fairy Moon is too scary. If it is inherited by humans, there will undoubtedly be a strong immortal fighting in Du."

"That would cause us great trouble."

"So it's better for me to bring it back and seal it." Under the black robe of the Gorefiend, there was an extremely indifferent laughter, even in the face of Er Duo Sheng Yan and Cang Yue, there was no fear at all!

"This guy should be the guy possessed in Qi Haoqing's body."

"Originally, Ji Haoqing only had a blood curse in his body, but he never thought that this blood curse was actually made by a blood demon."

"Such terrifying fluctuations, this guy is probably not easy to deal with." Xiao Yan's heart sounded slightly.

"This guy is not a blood demon."

"The Gorefiend is the strongest of the Gorefiends, and his strength is at the level of immortals."

"As for the person in front of him, although his aura is similar to that of the Blood Demon Envoy, his strength has not reached the Dou Xian. At best, he is at the peak of Dou Di."

"It should be a human body with the source power of the Gorefiend. It's not wrong to call it a Gorefiend." After Cang Key finished speaking, a flicker of killing intent flashed in his eyes.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Haha, Cang Key, the disciple of Fairy Jiaoyue."

"I really am not a blood demon."

"But we have to go, just relying on the few of you, we can't keep us." The Gorefiend under the blood-red black robe spoke slowly, his voice full of evil.

"Do it!" Cang Key didn't want to talk nonsense. After all, the inheritance of his master was still in their hands, so he didn't dare to hesitate.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as Cang Yue finished speaking, a dazzling force of life and death suddenly formed between his eyebrows, and then an indescribable storm of destruction appeared in this space.

"The Fighting Immortal Powerhouse really lives up to its reputation, although I really can't deal with you now, but..." The Gorefiend said something slightly, and then his figure exploded, and he attacked another place in a blink of an eye!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan has always been vigilant about the Gorefiend. When he found the Gorefiend's figure bursting, Xiao Yan knew that the Gorefiend was trying to deal with the two of them!

After all, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying possessed holy flames, and their strength was weak. For the Gorefiend, beheading them was naturally easy.

"Go!" A dignified look appeared on Cang Yue's pretty face, and then the dazzling storm of destruction roared away directly at the Gorefiend.

However, this is the case, Cang Key's attack is still a step slower in the end!

"Boy!"

"Although you do have some secrets."

"but."

"Everything is over." When the Gorefiend swept to Xiao Yan's side, the old palm suddenly stretched out from the black robe, and then a strange blob of bright red blood appeared on his palm. At that time, the Gorefiend On the palm of his hand, there is an evil aura that destroys the sky and destroys the earth.

Xiao Yan knew that if he was hit by this attack, he would probably fall on the spot!

"Die!" The blood demon made a trace of disdain at the corner of his mouth, and instantly attacked Xiao Yan!

"Bang bang bang!" The Gorefiend's terrifying attack was just launched, and the space around Xiao Yan was temporarily sealed by the Gorefiend's powerful aura, making him unable to move.

"There's no other way." Facing the sudden attack, Xiao Yan directly shook Mu Yingying to the side with a counter-shock force, and then slightly took off the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler behind him, a fiery glow in his pupils.

Move the ruler, move the ruler, I don't know if I can deal with this guy.

This time, Xiao Yan's pupils were extremely deep. He knew that this was no child's play. If he failed, he would be afraid of his own fate.

"Xiao Yan!"

"You!" Seeing this, Mu Yingying was in a hurry. She also knew the power of this Gorefiend's attack.

"Don't go over, that attack is too strong, and now it's tantamount to death." Just when Mu Yingying was about to start, Cang Key grabbed Mu Yingying with one hand. The magician has a feeling of powerlessness!

"He will die!" Mu Yingying said angrily.

"He won't die!"

"Trust him!" Cang Key didn't know why he felt, but he always felt that the person who could be favored by Xiao Mu was definitely not an ordinary person.

Mu Yingying stopped talking when she heard the words, but at this moment, not only did her pupils turn blue, but even the three thousand green silk also turned blue, and then she said in a voice that could only be heard by herself: "If it hurts, he……"

"Then just die This is a pride of absolute confidence in one's own strength!

And what Mu Yingying said is not impossible. After all, Mu Yingying's identity as a saint is there, if it really reaches the final step...

"Blood Demon, sooner or later I will wipe out your entire race to avenge that guy." Xiao Yan said softly.

The next moment, above the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire, a dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame instantly emerged!

At this point, Xiao Yan knew that he only had one chance, so he didn't dare to hold back any.

"Boy, die!" Just after Xiao Yan was ready, the Gorefiend's attack also landed in front of Xiao Yan, and hit Xiao Yan in a blink of an eye.

At the same time, everyone present held their breaths. When Yue Ru and Mu Yingying couldn't hold back and were about to shoot, they saw a dazzling and unusual wave slowly sounded from the two of them in the battle!

"Move the ruler!"

"Move it to me!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the dazzling Eternal Fire Ancient Ruler suddenly roared away at the Gorefiend's attack!

"Looking for death!" Seeing this, the Gorefiend snorted coldly.

But the next moment, when the ancient ruler of different fires touched the attack of the Gorefiend, the powerful attack of the Gorefiend vanished abruptly!

And Xiao Yan's Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler smashed heavily on the Gorefiend's black robe!

Shocked!