Chapter 16: Final exam! soul training

With the disappearance of Dan Lei, Dan Yu also slowly disappeared.

"It's done!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly.

The three piles of liquid in the medicine cauldron had already fused together, and when Xiao Yan drank it, a dark red medicinal pill was slowly bred from the medicine cauldron.

The dark red delicate elixir, after being silent for a few seconds, suddenly burst into the sky full of tyrannical fighting spirit, trying to break free from Xiao Yan's control!

The seemingly ordinary and invisible power contains the power that makes the soul tremble!

Xiao Yan recognized it at a glance! This is impressively a means of soul attack.

You must know that the ordinary eighth-grade pills already possess a certain human nature, and the ninth-grade pills have corresponding spirituality. As for the emperor-grade pills, they already have wisdom that is not weaker than that of humans, so they want to break free from birth. Xiao Yan's control allows him to live in this world.

Looking at the agitation of the dark red medicinal pill in the medicine cauldron, how could Xiao Yan not be clear? Nine-color Dan Lei Man Tian Dan Rain has succeeded, how could it fail in this last step?

He immediately sat down with his legs crossed and his eyes closed, because Xiao Yan also knew that if he wanted perfect control to subdue this unruly imperial medicine pill, he could only control it from his soul! Defeat it with soul power and make it surrender! That is the soul tempering that President Bai Su said!

Only a small number of people know that if a medicinal pill surpasses the imperial grade, it has the wisdom not weaker than human beings. At this time, only after the medicinal pill's soul tempering can it calm down and become a real imperial medicinal medicinal pill!

The so-called soul training is the battle of the soul! In general, the power of the soul contained in the imperial pills is extremely powerful, and it will cause serious trauma to every pharmacist, but when encountering Xiao Yan, this imperial pill is obviously asking for hardships. Xiao Yan is the soul of the emperor. Moreover, he has already cultivated his soul, and there is even more help from different fires.

"Boom boom boom!" The dark red elixir hovered above the medicine cauldron, and the surrounding area of ​​the elixir continued to emit visible soul power. The power transformed into a huge python with fangs and claws, constantly circling and moving, constantly swallowing the snake letter child at Xiao Yan, as if looking for the most suitable time to launch a fatal blow!

This is a giant python comparable to a four-star Dou Di! Everyone felt it from the terrifying python!

Xiao Yan's own strength is the Three Star Dou Di, and although most of the pharmacists have strong soul power, there are very few martial arts and fighting skills for cultivating the soul, so the attack method of soul power has always been the disadvantage of pharmacists.

Soul tempering is also to strengthen the alchemist's control over the power of the soul so that it can use the power of the soul to launch unexpected attacks.

Xiao Yan closed his eyes and sat on the steps, also mobilizing his enormous soul power to fight against the imperial medicine pill! A trace of huge soul power continuously radiated from Xiao Yan's body, and gathered into a gray energy dragon under the eyes of everyone! The giant dragon screamed at the python in the sky, as if it was declaring war like the python condensed from the imperial medicine pill!

"I don't know how this kid's soul attainments are? The soul power of the Emperor Pill can't be underestimated."

"If it really doesn't work, let me do it. After all, it's already a good thing for this kid to do this. In the future, I have to thank this kid..." Bai Su looked at the stalemate in the sky, but Xiao Yan's soul battle had already ended. Downwind.

The giant dragon was constantly being bitten by the python, and the energy giant already had holes in its body, as if it could be destroyed at any time!

When everyone saw Xiao Yan like this, they couldn't help but be shocked. The materialization of soul power requires powerful soul control power, and the consumption of soul power is also enormous. What's more, this is not only the materialization of soul power, but also uses the soul power after materialization to attack. If the energy dragon suffers huge damage, the damage will be fed back to Xiao Yan in a geometric multiple!

Only then did President Bai Su worry. He thought that Xiao Yan could do this at a young age. No matter what, he had to be protected. This is the future of the Alchemist Association!

The battle in the sky is still going on.

The increasingly condensed energy python chased and beat the giant dragon in waves, and the giant dragon could only retreat in the face of the powerful attack of the python. But discerning people can see the difference.

"Know how to forbear, charge up a blow! This Xiao Yan is really powerful!" The silver-haired woman Yue Ru initially frowned as she watched the retreating giant dragon in the sky fall into the lower winds. He was also worried that Xiao Yandan would be severely damaged by the destruction, but in a blink of an eye, Xiao Yan, who had closed his eyes, seemed to be muttering something to himself, and then he looked at the giant dragon in the sky and it seemed that something was quietly brewing, and he immediately understood. come over.

"Humph! After being arrogant for so long, it's time to end!" Xiao Yan, who was sitting with his eyes closed, suddenly opened his eyes and shouted loudly!

"It's over!" The transparent giant dragon that was about to disappear suddenly spit out a terrifying energy from its mouth, heading straight for the python!

The python transformed by the dark red medicinal pill seemed to realize that this terrifying energy was not something he could resist, and hurriedly escaped, but Xiao Yan had endured it for so long, how could he have given it this chance.

"Huangquan's anger!" Immediately, he struck the phantom of the python who wanted to escape!

It was the three fighting skills of Huangquan Finger, Huangquan Palm, Huangquan Tianfury, and Huangquan's Heavenly Wrath that were obtained from the demon saint of Huangquan at the beginning! Since Xiao Yan was promoted to Dou Emperor, even this Heavenly Rank Dou Skill is not to be underestimated! Especially Huang Quantian's anger of soul attack, every time Xiao Yan uses it, it has a miraculous effect!

How could the python that escaped originally thought that Xiao Yan had such a powerful means of attacking his soul, his soul stagnated for a second, and the huge energy phantom also stayed in the air!

Saying it's too late is too fast, one second is fleeting, but that's enough! Xiao Yan smiled knowingly.

Just after Huang Quan's anger caused the python to stagnate for a second, the terrifying energy in the dragon's mouth reached the python. UU reading www.uukanshu. com

"Bang bang bang!" A series of voices came from the python, the huge python that was majestic and majestic instantly shattered, and the restless medicinal pill in the medicine cauldron also fell silent.

"The soul of the emperor's medicine pill has been defeated, you should surrender! Cheng Dan!"

"Huh, President, this imperial medicinal pill is really extraordinary, and I was lucky enough to finish it." Xiao Yan held the warm medicinal pill he had just taken out from the jade bottle and clasped his fist at President Bai Su, suddenly exhausted. Qing Yuan had been silently watching Xiao Yan refining the medicinal pills before, and seeing Xiao Yan like this, he hurriedly stepped forward to support Xiao Yan, the traces of fighting qi spread out from Qing Yuan's body, Xiao Yan felt that these fighting qi could actually make him The fighting qi that was about to be exhausted in the body quickly recovered, and even the soul was nourished!

Xiao Yan was very shocked by this situation. He had never heard of this kind of fighting spirit, but he didn't ask much about it in the Alchemist Association, and immediately looked at the president Bai Ruo.

"It's wonderful, it's really wonderful! Xiao Yan's medicine refining skills are really amazing!"

"I announce that Xiao Yan, your Emperor Rank 1st Rank Profound Pill, has passed the alchemist examination!" President Bai Su said to the fellow students and the person in charge of the association present.

"At the same time, you will also be the youngest worship elder of our Alchemist Association!"

"Serve the elders?"

"It is rumored that the worshiping elders of the Alchemist Association are at least the first-rank Earth Pills of the Emperor Rank or the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor or above."

"But judging from Xiao Yan's refining method this time, this worship elder lives up to its name!" The people present said sparsely.

"Sorry, the president is going to disappoint you."

"I may not have time to be the dedicated elder of the Alchemist Association." Xiao Yan looked at everyone embarrassedly.

"What did you say?" Bai Ruo was furious.

​​