Chapter 307: end!

"Shabu Shabu!" The milky white light in Xiao Yan's hand flew towards the energy giant composed of 127 people, and the next moment, when the milky white flame light approached, a scroll-like thing slowly spread out, and then suddenly turned into A huge milky white flame formation slowly surrounded the energy giant!

"This is actually a formation?" Li Zi also shrank his pupils tightly, and then stared at the terrifying flame energy surrounding him in disbelief.

Li Zi also tried to break free from this formation, but found that he couldn't break free, and he was not doing useless work.

Even if they are under the protection of the energy giant, they can feel the horror of this formation composed of flames!

The raging flames surrounded the energy giant, and the terrifying temperature also caused some weak people to have some strangeness.

Obviously this flame is also unusual.

"Reciprocity." Xiao Yan also said slowly to that Li Zi.

"Damn boy!" At this time, Li Zi was also extremely angry, and then roared at Xiao Yan.

Their energy giants, which are composed of 127 people's fighting qi, show that it is to gather the fighting qi in their bodies together to form an energy giant. With the huge power of the energy giant, it is quite simple to deal with some ghosts. The power of the ghosts is enough to kill ghosts with one blow, so these named disciples also killed many powerful ghosts with the help of ghosts.

I just didn't expect that Xiao Yan would be recruited here.

"This is……"

"Battle Formation Master?" There was an expression in Mu Xuzi's dull eyes that couldn't be concealed. Obviously, after the milky white flame light that Xiao Yan just swung out shrouded Li Zi and the others, Mu Xuzi also discovered it.

No wonder Mu Xuzi was so surprised.

Because when Xiao Yan joined their Human Palace, he also knew that this Xiao Yan was the twin who used the strength of some powerhouses with the initial strength of the four-star Dou Emperor, and actually killed the twin who was comparable to the human eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. Ghost Emperor!

Although the twin ghost emperors were seriously injured, they were also real eight-star fighting emperors...

So Mu Xuzi also wanted to see what cards this guy had.

Moreover, Mu Xuzi also knew that this Xiao Yan was not only outstanding in strength, but also had excellent medicine refining skills.

The current Xiao Yan is already an alchemist at the peak of the first emperor rank, and only one step away is enough to set foot on the second emperor rank alchemist...

Dou formation masters are rare, but compared to pharmacists, they are extremely rare. Now that there is another battle formation master, it is no wonder that Mu Xuzi is so surprised.

After all, if a person cultivates hard in one direction, it is reasonable to achieve something.

It's just that Xiao Yan seems to be a little different...

Not only was his strength extremely outstanding, but his medicine refining skills were even more powerful. Even if Xiao Yan was thrown into the Pill Valley, there were only a few people who could compare to him.

And now, coupled with the identity of the battle formation master, this Xiao Yan's identity is somewhat powerful and terrifying.

"This is really a little monster..."

"It seems that my temple has been silent for so many years, and it's time to relapse..." Mu Xuzi also muttered while looking at the hall, his eyes were full of fire, Mu Xuzi also had confidence, and cultivated Xiao Yan into a party overlord!

"Um?"

"That's..." Just when Mu Xuzi had a plan in his heart, he suddenly found a figure above the hall. Although the figure was very vague, it was still discovered by Mu Xuzi.

"Old Zhu, you..." Mu Xuzi also spoke slowly.

"Hush hush hush!" The people above the hall also made a gesture to Mu Xuzi, and then continued to watch the battle in the field.

"Even Zhu Lao is here, but Zhu Lao is cultivating spiritual power. It seems that this Xiao Yan..." After speaking, Mu Xuzi also smiled slowly, but there was something in this smile. Bad intentions.

The battle in the main hall was also at a fever pitch at this time.

I saw a few people beside Xiao Yan slowly beside Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan disappeared in place in the next moment.

Since it is a formation, the core of the formation must be taken over by someone else, otherwise it will not be able to exert the maximum strength of the formation.

At this time, in the hall, a human wall composed of 127 people occupies a space of ten feet. The energy giant is also ten feet high. Xiao Yan's flame formation surrounded him. It was just right, no more than one point. .

"Boom boom boom!"

"Break it for me!" Li Zi also controlled the energy giant and slowly attacked the space around him.

The energy giant contained the fighting qi power of 127 named disciples, and it was reasonable to say that it was extremely easy to deal with these five people.

But where did he think that Xiao Yan would cast a formation out of thin air, trapping their last resort in it.

At this time, the energy giant was trapped in Xiao Yan's formation, surrounded by flaming flames.

And the strange thing is that no matter how powerful the attack Li Zi launches, it seems that he can't break the formation.

And it seems that the power is absorbed by the flames!

"Don't waste your time."

"Early admit defeat." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"I'm afraid that you won't succeed?" Li Zi also shouted loudly, but Xiao Yan's formation gave Li Zi a very strange feeling. Xiao Yan seemed to be everywhere, and his voice came from all directions.

"Some formations will have some central existence, only if the central formation is destroyed, this formation will also be self-defeating Zi Lian seems to remember something, and speaks to Li Zidao.

"The center of the formation?" Li Zi also said in a deep voice, and then his eyes slowly looked at himself.

At this time, the energy giant was surrounded by raging milky white flames, and it was difficult to find the center of the formation.

"Hey……"

"Then it's over." Xiao Yan's voice also came slowly, and the next moment, countless Xiao Yan appeared in the formation, and at the same time, countless Xiao Yan's pupils opened in the formation. , the terrifying breath is also instantly diffused.

"Condensation!" With a light snort, the countless Xiao Yan in the formation also moved their palms at the same time, and terrifying fluctuations of fighting qi emanated from each Xiao Yan.

"Go!" A coercive voice also appeared, and then the terrifying power in the palms of countless Xiao Yan also attacked the energy giant instantly!

"Boom boom boom!" Although the energy giant was formed by the condensed fighting qi of hundreds of named disciples, but now it is also in Xiao Yan's formation, and the power that can be exerted is extremely limited. Under Xiao Yan's attack, it is also Without attack and self-destruction, it fell apart.

As the energy giant dissipated, the hundreds of named disciples also lost their fighting spirit, and then like a plate of loose sand, the human wall collapsed instantly.

"I……"

"We lost..." Li Zi also spit out a few words with difficulty.

Although they don't want to admit it, the strength of this kid named Xiao Yan in front of them is extremely terrifying. In the end, they were in the formation to face Xiao Yan's attack. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's sudden withdrawal, then the hundreds of them The named disciple will undoubtedly be seriously injured!

This Xiao Yan really convinces people with virtue! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: