Chapter Vol 4 1499: Xiao ghost situation

"Weng Om Om!" The corpse of Tianwangzang turned into a milky white halo with a sacred atmosphere, and he easily surrounded the entire tomb. Immediately, the countless black mists and evil auras under the white jade pillars below gave off a trace of extreme. fear. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

In a short time, it was completely swallowed up by such a strong milky-white aura, and the endless evil aura was swallowed up by the milky-white aura, and finally turned into a pool of clear and transparent pure energy that slowly flowed to Xiao Yan's side.

"Is this the creation that Lord Tianwang Zang gave me?" Holding the milky white scroll in his hand, the dazzling soul power felt the pure power in front of him like a vast ocean, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be moved.

Xiao Yan's power, before entering the Demon Suppression Prison, was in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, and now in the Demon Suppressing Prison, he has fought against the strong for several times, although it is a great burden on himself, but at the same time, it is a great burden to improve his strength. , is also extremely fast.

"Let's absorb it. With these strengths, it should be enough to break through the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals. Immediately, I will succeed in the cultivation of the Heavenly King Seal. As for the medicinal pill, I am not in a hurry." , the breath in the body is also slowly flowing.

The breakthrough between Dou Immortals, unless a breakthrough of the same level will lead to Dou Immortal Tribulation, otherwise, breaking through the middle stage of Samsung Dou Immortal in the early stage of Samsung Dou Immortal only requires enough energy, and it can be a natural breakthrough, and there are not many of them. Dangerous, and Xiao Yan's absorption was only a few days of darkness, but luckily the other four women were also slowly cultivating, so time naturally passed quickly.

While the five were still in the mausoleum, strange things were happening in the Demon Suppression Prison.

In the Demon Suppression Prison, the demonic energy lingered in the sky, and the apocalypse-like scenery shocked the minds of the contestants every moment, but they were surprised to find that after erasing the evil things, not only can they get a lot of money. The points, and even get a trace of extremely pure power, that kind of pure power, but it is comparable to their practice for several months.

So in the long run, many contestants have also become bold, not going into the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, trying to obliterate some tyrannical evil things to increase their points in order to increase their strength.

"How's it going?" Above the area where the evil spirits of the Demon Suppression Prison are in the sky, on a very hidden mountain path, dozens of figures were shrouded in black robes, and the figures in black robes exuding a gloomy atmosphere stood side by side. , the front one of them is the Six Soul Venerable of the Soul Palace.

"Returning to Lord Soul Venerable, we have already investigated the location of the Poison Temple Demon Empress in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison." One of the black-robed figures said.

"The Demon Empress of the Poison Temple was indeed completely suppressed by the Qiankun Ancient Array, but..." After a while, the shadow continued.

"Just what?" Six Soul Venerable asked in surprise.

"The Qiankun Ancient Array is extremely terrifying, but I don't know whether it was due to the erosion of the years or the counterattack of the Poison Temple Demon Empress. It turned out to be extremely weak. If we send strong men to attack the Qiankun Ancient Array, I am afraid that it is very likely to break the formation. Release the poisonous demon queen."

"And here is the Demon Suppression Prison, which suppresses countless evil creatures. Once the Demon Empress of the Poison Brake is out of trouble, it is not uncommon for us to use this hand to obliterate Yin Huntian. After all, Yin Huntian's status in Li Soul Domain is also extremely high. High." The black-robed figure said.

"I see, you all go down." In an instant, Six Soul Venerable said, and the other powerhouses also dispersed.

"Come out." After a while, Six Soul Venerable said to the back of a rock in the mountain.

"Six Soul Venerable, I have some unfortunate news to tell you." The figure who came out from behind the rock was an earth spirit blood general, but at this time he had recovered to the level of the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals.

"What news?" The Six Soul Venerable under the black robe heard the words and asked.

"Master Tiandusha, who suppressed Tianwangzang, seems to have completely fallen, and Tianwangzang is also not immune. Perhaps under the siege of many strong men who entered the ruins, they all perished together." The blood of the earth spirit appeared on the blue face. There is a trace of hatred, after all, Sky Poison Sha is the second strongest of their race, and he is as arrogant as he is.

"It's really bad news."

"Susu." However, when the Six Soul Venerable heard it, he laughed. He had been worried that after the release of the Poison Demon Empress, their power would not be under his control. For example, the fall of Poison today would undoubtedly break one of their arms. , these words are beneficial to their Soul Palace plan without harm.

"The news just now from your subordinates is correct. Although the Qiankun Ancient Formation is extremely tyrannical, according to the information I have obtained before, it seems that there is a lack of some kind of core in the ancient formation, just like the lack of formation stones, so the opportunity to release my queen has come. ." In an instant, Earth Spirit Blood's eyes became hot, and he said.

They are dignified foreigners, and naturally have their indomitable arrogance. The only strong souls in the hall, when the Poison Temple Demon Empress cracks the seal, is just a meal on their plate.

"In that case, let's go."

"Going towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, just as the ruins of the four continents were defeated, they will definitely go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. You and I will each take what we need." Six Soul Venerable finished~www.mtlnovel. com~ also laughed.

"Shabu Shabu!" At this moment, under an ancient tree not far from the mountain, a crisp sound of breaking branches sounded.

"Who are you?" The two figures were as fast as lightning, and they came directly to the man's identity. The bright ghostly energy was undoubtedly on display, trying to obliterate this guy directly.

"It was discovered..."

"Farewell!" As soon as the voice fell, a dazzling ghostly energy emerged all over the body, and the whole body flew out like a bow and arrow, and the speed was extremely fast.

The man was clearly Xiao Gui, he had been following the Earth Spirit Blood General and the Six Soul Venerable, and had overheard a lot of secrets.

"Why does this guy have the aura of Xiao Yan?"

"Earth spirit blood general, can't let him go!" At this time, Six Soul Venerable snorted, obviously speed is not his good.

"Leave it to me." Earth Spirit Blood's blue-faced fangs were very ferocious, but his huge body did not hinder his speed at all, and he easily stopped Xiao Gui.

"Earth spirit blood generals in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals are tyrannical...but I want to leave, but no one can stay!" Xiao Gui finished, the bright lines on the eyebrows quietly emerged, thus breaking through the siege of the ground spirit blood generals in one fell swoop. , escaping into the distance, and because Xiao Gui was so fast, even the Earth Spirit Blood General didn't have time to stop him before he escaped.

"Is that... the fluctuation of the Xiao clan pattern?"

"In this great world, apart from Xiao Yan, there are still some remaining members of the Xiao clan?"

"It seems that after the Demon Suppressing Prison is over, we have to ask the headquarters to send a strong man to kill them. This time, it must not be tolerated." Six Soul Venerable looked at the direction of Xiao Gui's escape, and spoke slowly.

"Let's go, let's go directly to where the ancient Qiankun Array is located in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison." After the two finished speaking, they turned into a meteor and disappeared. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network