Chapter Vol 4 2136: Analyze the situation and respond!

"Guru..."

"Is this really the power possessed by the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian?"

Looking at Xiao Yan, the Lord of the Endless Fire Territory in the Sky, and other thunderous methods, many of the powerhouses below couldn't help but look at each other in dismay, but they were more gratified.

The scene in front of them was too shocking, even if they saw it with their own eyes, they still had a sense of unreality, as if they were just dreaming at this moment!

As tyrannical as an angel of reincarnation, how could he be so vulnerable in the hands of Xiao Yan, who was in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals?

The power of the three attributes of thunder, fire and wood combined with the power of clan marks, although it is terrifying, but Xiao Yan is only the middle stage strength of Eight Star Fighting Immortals, this is also...

Terrible!

"Cai Lin, Yingying, seniors, we still have important things to discuss, let's go."

"As for the other powerhouses, maintain the daily order of the Endless Fire Territory, and leave the clean-up work to you. It's work."

"From now on, no one will dare to provoke the majesty of our endless fire domain!"

Xiao Yan stretched his waist, and immediately said to the people behind him, it can be seen that although the power of the move just now was terrifying, it also caused a great burden to Xiao Yan.

"The domain master is mighty!"

"The domain master is mighty!!"

"The domain master is mighty!!!"

The mighty voice spontaneously emerged from the mouths of the people on every inch of the Endless Fire Territory. After witnessing the mighty power of the lord of the terrifying dragon, they finally knew that their choice had not been made. wrong!

Even if the Endless Fire Territory has just started, why worry about not flourishing with this strong man in charge?

"Oh... this guy is really getting more and more perverted."

"The two of us together may not be able to beat him."

Xiao Zifan and Mu Feng grinned, but their voices were obviously extremely relieved, and there was no trace of jealousy.

"Let's go, now that the crisis in the Endless Fire Territory has been lifted, I am afraid that the next crisis will be the entire continent."

Cai Lin showed a rare smile, and led all the high-level executives to the Endless Fire Territory conference room.

After dozens of minutes, in the conference room of Endless Fire Territory.

"It's all here."

Xiao Yan sat in the first place, looked at the fellow masters who were familiar in the past, and said softly, without any pretence, very easy-going.

"The two of you originally recovered from Nirvana in the Medicine Race, but the ancient race was worried that they would be infiltrated by the Holy See envoys and had to use big means to send the two of you back."

"This is mainly to protect you, but they neglected one thing, which is now the matter of Angel Kelly attacking our endless fire domain."

Mu Yingying stood up, her light voice filled the entire conference room, and her analysis was eloquent.

"Now the countless forces in the four continents of Doudi Continent have all gathered at the headquarters of the Holy See in Douyun Continent, waiting for the time to come and fight them to the death."

"The divine might of the Holy See, I am afraid it will completely disintegrate this time."

After a while, Mu Feng spoke, obviously he knew a thing or two about these things.

"I sent Lao Feng and others on my own initiative. It's my fault for this matter."

Speaking of this, Cai Lin felt a little self-blame. She knew that Xiao Yan and the Holy See were in a turbulent relationship, and Feng Lao was so powerful that he could almost decide the outcome of this battle, but she forgot about the safety of the Endless Fire Territory.

Fortunately, this time Xiao Yan got out in time, otherwise the consequences would be disastrous!

"You stay, this time I will go to the Holy See alone to join them."

"The Holy See's battle is probably not as simple as it seems."

After talking for a while, Xiao Yan just said.

From the last words of Kelly, it seems that the Holy See will have a big move this time, and it is related to the demon of light?

But the point of involvement of the demon of light is probably only the demon emperor of the demon world.

Who is the demon emperor?

At the level of the overlord of the demon world, in addition to being above the center of the demon world, he is already the strongest in the demon world!

The strength of the Holy See Pope is even more terrifying. If Xiao Yan made a statement about it, it would be difficult for Xiao Yan to distinguish between the two.

However, after all, the demon emperor is a strong man who has experienced the first world war. I am afraid that he is not a latecomer but comparable.

"You alone?"

"Would it be a little too reckless?"

"After all, the Holy See is a behemoth."

Xiao Zifan, Mu Feng, and the others all spoke in unison, and their eyes were full of worry. Xiao Yan was very talented, but if he needed the time, as long as he was given enough time, I believed that he would definitely stand at the top.

"No problem, after the end of the medicine clan, thanks to the help of the Holy See, I was reborn into nirvana. With the help of many powers, my internal strength has now reached the peak of the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal. The control of the three attributes of thunder, fire and wood is more thorough. Far from being comparable.”

"Kelly's 1st Reincarnation rank has too much strength and moisture, so it can be easily obliterated by me, but based on my guess, today's me, among the eight stars, is invincible."

"Those who touch Samsara can also deal with it."

"So don't worry."

Xiao Yan's words were actually told to Cailin and Mu Yingying, but Xiao Yan had to go to the Holy See of Douyun Continent. After all, Xiao Yan had promised the Demon Emperor about the Devil of Light.

"Well, let's go down then."

"Now the Endless Fire Territory also needs martial law, and the passage between the ghost world and the Doudi continent has not been completely established. I am just a vanguard."

"Soon, including our Ten Thousand Ghosts Country, Soul Eater Domain, and even Li Soul Domain, some of your partners will be stationed in Endless Fire Domain one after another."

"At that time, I am afraid that Endless Fire Territory will become a real super-first-class force."

"Hey, what are you doing? I haven't finished speaking yet?"

Mu Feng was talking to himself incessantly, and was extremely excited. Suddenly, a group of strong men forcibly pulled him out of the conference room, leaving the little time left to Xiao Yan and the others.

"After an hour, I will gather the power of the top of the Endless Fire Territory and a space transfer scroll on me. It can temporarily ignore the sealed space channel and send you directly to Douyun Continent."

Xiao Zifan left behind such a sentence, so the calm here was restored.

"This time, it's my fault."

The people were sparsely populated, and Cailin also sat down from her always strong appearance and shook her head.

In order to save Xiao Yan's troubles, he dispatched Feng Lao and other high-level officials, but in the end he almost put the Endless Fire Territory in danger.

"It's not your fault."

"If you want to blame, blame me."

Xiao Yan knew that Cailin had been worrying a lot all these years. He gently hugged her delicate body, stroking the three thousand blue silk, and comforted her in a soft whisper, a scene of rare warmth.

"Yep……"

Mu Yingying, who was on the side, was also a little angry at this time, quite jealous, but she was not easy to attack, she snorted slightly, and walked away from the conference room.

"You girl, when did you become so angry?"

Xiao Yan pulled Mu Yingying into his arms, and the feeling of hugging from left to right was really wonderful.

"I just don't want to bother you..."

Mu Yingying was extremely happy in her heart, but she was reluctant to admit it.

"We are a family."

Xiao Yan pulled Mu Yingying's slender hand with his palm and said softly.

"Have you controlled the eight colors?"

"Fusion of two holy flames?"

Xiao Yan asked at the same time. "

The two women also answered in unison, lying quietly in Xiao Yan's arms, feeling the rare warmth.

"After Dou Di Continent is over this time, we will go home."

"Okay!"

"So this time, you must come back safely, and all three of us will be here waiting for your return."

"Okay, wait for me to come back!"

"..."

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: