Chapter Vol 4 1007: Fight against half-step 8-star Doudi

"Xiao Yan..." And when he heard this familiar voice, even the always calm senior brother Mu Tianyuan felt a sense of warmth in his heart.

"Senior brother, leave this attack to me." The khaki-colored holy flames suddenly surrounded Xiao Yan, a dazzling pure aura slowly emerged, and then his figure gently passed in front of the senior brother, He put a hand on Mu Tianyuan's shoulder and said.

But the senior brother Mu Tianyuan wanted to say something just now, but he felt that the vindictive energy in his body was exhausted. When he came into contact with Xiao Yan, he actually recovered quickly under the nourishment of Xiao Yan's dazzling flame.

"Be careful, this guy doesn't know what to do, but he actually possesses the power of a foreign evil race."

"The power of the alien race, even a trace, is extremely terrifying." Mu Tianyuan handed over with a heavy expression, and then took a step back. Only at his level can he know the horror of the alien race.

But it all happened between lightning and flint.

"The power of the alien race is really too permeable." After the elder brother Mu Tianyuan's breath recovered a little, Xiao Yan directly put aside the elder brother, then stepped forward and watched the two of them whistling towards him. The evil beam of light, the corner of his mouth smiled slightly, and then the dazzling holy flame suddenly spewed out from the holy flame crystal in the sea of ​​fighting qi.

"Destroy me!" More and more holy flame power poured out and Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and countless holy flame powers directly formed a ferocious giant tiger, which greeted the sky's seemingly terrifying finger.

"Bastard!" Feeling Xiao Yan's sudden appearance, Tian Cang also cursed secretly.

The reason why he used the power of the evil clan from outside the realm was that he was afraid that Ye Changmeng would have too many dreams. He wanted to directly kill the seven people in the Heavenly Palace with the power of destruction, which greatly weakened the power of the Fenxiang Pavilion, so he went directly to the land of holy flames, but at this time With the appearance of Xiao Yan, I am afraid this matter will become more complicated.

If the matter that he possesses the power of a foreign evil clan is passed on back, I am afraid that their Xuanling royal family will be greatly implicated, so now, they can only kill all the people in front of them.

"Hoohoo!" The holy flame giant roared for a while, and then the evil beam of light that seemed to contain incomparably terrifying, when it came into contact with the holy flame giant tiger, was directly swallowed by the holy flame giant tiger and disappeared without a trace. !

However, the flame giant also slowly dissipated after swallowing the evil beam of light. Obviously, the power of the two neutralized and canceled each other.

"Second brother..." Looking at Xiao Yan who suddenly appeared, Tianhong's face also became ugly.

"Let's do it, the affairs of the foreign evil race have been exposed, and we can only leave them all here!" At this time, Tian Cang's expression also became strange.

As soon as the voice fell, the three Tianhong Tianhong and Qi Haoqing on the side immediately exuded a trace of evil aura.

And when everyone was fighting, Yan Chi, Mu Yingying and Xiao Yi directly skipped the light curtain barrier and came to the barrier.

"Are you all right?" A fiery red halo slowly appeared on Yan Chi's body, then enveloped the six people in the Heavenly Palace, and said softly.

"Old Yan, we're fine." The six people felt the dazzling power and said gratefully.

"You stay here, I'll help my big brother." Xiao Yi said, and then the figure swept out directly, facing the strong people outside.

"Xiao Yan, this time, you will die." Outside the light curtain barrier, the auras of the three powerhouses from outside the realm became even more evil.

"Half-step eight-star Dou Di powerhouse, combined with the power of the evil clan outside the realm, is really tyrannical." Xiao Yan stared at Tian Cang and said, but his heart was a little eager to try.

"Do it!" When Tianhong and Qi Haoqing's aura of the alien race became more and more bright, Tiancang suddenly drank it and said directly.

"Hey, you two, leave it to me."

"Big brother, you focus on dealing with Tiancang." Just when Tianhong and Qi Haoqing were about to take action, a hearty laugh suddenly emerged.

"Where did the guy come from, aren't you afraid of death?" Tianhong looked at Xiao Yi's sudden appearance, and said disdainfully.

"Be careful, this guy's aura is very wrong." When Tiancang saw this, he frowned and said, obviously based on his experience, it is not difficult to find something different about Xiao Yi.

"Kill!" While the three of them were talking, Xiao Yan's aura also became violent, the holy flame's aura unmistakably showed, and then the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand glowed with bright rays of light.

"Xiao Yan!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I will let you know that offending our Xuanling Royal Family will not end well." And the dark evil power above Tiancang's body became more and more brilliant, directly rendering his entire body in pitch black, even his pupils were filled with With an unusual **** smell.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan looked at the evil aura, and immediately did not hesitate, the ancient ruler of the ancient fire of Eternal Fire twitched suddenly on the palm of his hand, and then his figure moved, raised the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire of Eternity, and whistled away directly at the sky.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan's seemingly random attack was actually carrying an extremely pure power of holy flame. When he just attacked Tian Cang, the evil power in Tian Cang dissipated slightly, obviously The Sacred Flame cannot suppress the evil races outside the territory.

"What a powerful holy flame power." Tian Cang folded his hands together, and a dazzling black air directly blocked the ancient ruler of different fires surrounded by holy flame power in front of him.

"Yin Demon Claws!" And the next moment Tian Cang's breath suddenly raised, directly knocking back Xiao Yan's attack, and then the palm swelled extremely rapidly, and even became illusory, an indescribable feeling The evil aura emerged in this world.

"Is Xiao Yan's current strength in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor too reluctant?" Luan Yu, one of the six people in the Tiandian Palace, couldn't help but say, obviously they are very clear about Tiancang's strength, let alone at this time. The power of foreign evil clans emerged from Tian Cang's body, and the strength was even more terrifying.

"I believe him." Faced with these worries, Mu Yingying's eyes moved slightly, revealing two small dimples, and she slowly stared at Xiao Yan who was constantly fighting outside the light curtain barrier.

"What an evil trick."

"But you underestimate me too much!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Six feet out!" And Xiao Yan didn't dare to neglect after feeling Tiancang's minions that contained an evil aura, and directly wrapped the holy flame around the ancient ruler of different fire, and then moved extremely quickly, waving at Tiancang in a row. Out of six huge feet!

"Boom boom boom!"

"Xiao Yan, go to hell!" In the face of the six feet of light that Xiao Yan swung out, Tian Cang's face smiled slightly, and then the huge swollen palm was just, a circle of extremely evil power skyrocketed out, Directly surging with the palm of his hand, he whistled away at Xiao Yan!

"Seventh level breaking the sky ruler, the power of six feet!"

"Break it for me!" And Xiao Yan also felt the terrifying attack contained in Tian Cong's palm, and immediately shouted loudly.

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.