Chapter Vol 4 1658: trade!

"Xuuuu!" There was a squirming in the space, Xiao Yan and the others directly entered the interior of the glacier Tianhe, but when Xiao Yan penetrated the mysterious barrier, a cold feeling like the baptism of the soul filled his body.

"Weng Om." After a while, Xiao Yan couldn't help shivering. Obviously, this kind of cold was not from the body, but aimed at the soul in general. It was because of Xiao Yan's tyranny that he was afraid after a while.

"Here..." After penetrating the barrier of the barrier, the panorama of this place was immediately seen by Xiao Yan.

Here is an ice palace like a solitary peak, and around it is a waterfall that is full of 100 meters tall!

The waterfall is in a circle, surrounded by surging waterfalls, and the water flow is majestic. At the center, there is a magnificent ice palace completely formed of ice blocks. It is cold and terrifying! New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

At this time, in addition to Xiao Yan and the three of them, there are two people from Xuantian Temple, You Er and Mu Wushuang who has been following Xiao Yan in secret, and Xiao Yan's Fire Guard Master is also under Xiao Yan's mobilization. Hide beside yourself.

"Here..." After a while, Eriner hugged Little Dolma, stared vigilantly at the abnormally cold ice around her, and said.

At first glance, there was a flat floor in front of the three of them, and the center of the floor seemed to be the channel that connects China Unicom and entered the lower part of the Ice Palace.

"Big brother, below." Little Dolma on the side pointed to the bottom with excited eyes, and said.

In this ice palace, you can't see anything below from top to bottom, and it is completely blocked by layers of ice, but the road in the center of the ice is a strange spiral, which is quite strange, and the temperature here is extremely low. , it is the kind of cold that comes from the depths of the soul, so even Xiao Yan can't help but be surprised.

"These guys... they're not weak."

"Moreover, there are traces of familiar fluctuations in this man. It seems that I want to try him. If possible, I'm afraid it will be enough to become a powerful aid for my revenge." The faint traces of footprints in the ice layer followed Xiao Yanji. people.

"Spiritual skill, spirit python captures the soul!" When Xiao Yan and the others just moved towards the central passage of the ice layer, a roar emerged directly from the ice layer, and Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling a severe sense of numbness in his scalp. .

"Boom!"

"You Ming Tian trance!" Xiao Yan's heart trembled violently, and he did not dare to slacken any slack immediately, the spiritual palace in his body quickly surged, and waves of invisible energy ripples filled Xiao Yan's body at the same time.

"Crash!" The two soul powers are both colorless and transparent, but the power contained in them is enough to easily obliterate ordinary four-star fighting immortals.

"Clang clang..." With a sound, the two attacks instantly intertwined and immediately exploded. The ice layer, which had always been incomparably strong, was temporarily smashed by the power of the two, and several conspicuous huge holes appeared.

"Who?" Seeing that the two were evenly matched, Xiao Yan looked at the extremely smooth ice layer vigilantly and said solemnly.

"The strength of the first person in the courtyard really deserves his reputation." After a long time, a black aura appeared under the ice layer, but there seemed to be some strange aura in it.

"Ghost thing?" Xiao Yan frowned when he saw the figure wrapped in black robe appear.

"No, this guy isn't a ghost, this guy should be the proud son of Heaven in the Soul Court, You'er." At this time, Irene shook her head and said, the breath under the black robe made her feel familiar.

"Irene... I can't believe that you still haven't stepped into the Five-Star Fighting Immortal." At this time, the black robe was removed by its shadow, and a rather ordinary appearance appeared in the eyes of the two of them.

"Soul Academy powerhouse, but why is it a soul body?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"The Soul Academy is too mysterious, and I remember that the teacher said that in the Soul Academy, because of its particularity, I am afraid that there are some soul bodies."

"But not long ago, counting the time, it should be that before and after you went to the Acacia tree, some great changes took place in the Soul Academy, which caused the current status and strength of the Soul Academy to plummet." Looking at You Er in front of her, Irene shook her head and said.

Regarding the looting of the Soul Academy and the theft of the research items by mysterious powerhouses, even if most of the powerhouses in the Soul Realm were dispatched, it could not be solved. Irene still had some doubts in her heart.

"That mysterious person is the Lord of Li Soul." You Er took off his black robe and faced Xiao Yan with his true face. He immediately stared at Xiao Yan, as if he was telling Xiao Yan something. As for Xiao Zhuoma, his body It was protected by the gray power and stood motionless beside Irene.

"Then what?" Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly, and asked with great interest.

"Your soul power seems to be as tyrannical as mine. This is the first time I have seen it in my life." You Er continued.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The Lord of Soul Li is the mortal enemy of the remaining powerhouses in our Soul Academy. If there is a chance, I think we can cooperate." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, You Er said.

"Cooperation?" Xiao Yan asked again in astonishment.

Although this You Er's soul power is exactly the same as his own, Xiao Yan knows that if it is a real life-and-death struggle, I am afraid that only relying on his own soul power will not be able to defeat her.

"You have the power of holy flame in your body. Although I can't be sure, it shouldn't be wrong."

"And among the topics that our Soul Institute spends our energy and time researching, the ghost world's ghosts devour the holy flame is the most important part." You Er opened his mouth slightly, as if eating Xiao Yan.

"Because ghosts in the ghost world are bodies of souls and souls, it is extremely difficult to revive them as humans, not to mention some tyrannical powerhouses, it is even more difficult, so this topic we study has become a rewrite of ghost world ghosts. The highest rule of the law If this transaction is successful, I will tell you the secret." Seeing Xiao Yan's unmoved appearance, You Er continued.

"The way the ghosts in the ghost world devour the holy flame..." Xiao Yan was speechless when he heard this. He already had Fen Jue in his body, so naturally he didn't need these things, but since You Er's words came to this point, Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't sit back and watch. Regardless of.

"Change one." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"What do you need?" You Er frowned.

"I need the specific maps of the four major temples within the temple of the Lord of Souls." Xiao Yan said coldly.

Now that the Lord of Li Soul has taken the Acacia Flame, and he has obtained the swallowing method from the Soul Academy, he is throwing the undead fire to attract firepower. According to Xiao Yan's guess, the Lord of Li Soul at this time should be secretly hiding in the dark. Devouring Acacia Flame, so the location of the four major temples has become the top priority.

"Map of the Four Great Temples?"

"Could it be that you want to forcibly break into the temple of the Lord of Souls?"

"That's a place guarded by eight-star fighting immortals, you..." Seeing Xiao Yanyu's unsurprising attitude, You Er hesitated for a while.

She naturally possesses the most detailed map of the four temples.

"If you think my conditions are acceptable, you can continue to mention your transaction... Otherwise, I'm afraid you can only say sorry." Xiao Yan looked at You Er's hesitant appearance, and said with a smile.

Since this guy wants to find his own cooperation, it is natural to prepare for hemorrhage.