Chapter Vol 4 1712: Chaos West Temple!

"Xuuuu!" For a while, the void squirmed, and the figures of Xiao Yan and You Er emerged one after another.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" The two of them just fell out of the gate of the void, and immediately You Er looked at Xiao Yan's pale face and couldn't help but ask with concern.

"Cough cough... I'm fine." Xiao Yan is fine, it's just that Bai Ruoqian's extremely terrifying poisonous power has some side effects. After all, Bai Ruoqian's identity as a mourner is more serious Difficult to poison body, but also a lot more tyrannical.

"If it wasn't for a mysterious powerhouse who came to help just now, I'm afraid that the situation of the two of us would have been in jeopardy." Xiao Yan recalled with trembling.

"By the way, where are we now?" After some explanations, Xiao Yan asked hurriedly.

"We are here, and there are five housing spaces from the center." You Er took out the parchment map and said.

"Five spaces... It's been too long. If it continues like this, I'm afraid we won't be able to catch up with the breakthrough time of the Master of Li Soul." Xiao Yan heard the words, frowned, and couldn't help but be vigilant in his heart.

There are still five places to go from the red sign in the center, and it is still near No. 15 from the far north. For such a complicated route, one month is simply not enough.

"Don't worry, let's go." With a murmur, the two of them didn't hesitate, swallowed some medicinal pills like a wolf, and then continued on their way.

"Oh, it's really bad luck. I thought that the guardians in the West Temple were very powerful, but now it seems that they only have a false name."

"There is no one who can fight." At this time, outside the red sign in the northernmost, a man who looked very ordinary dressed, threw a figure back in his hand, and suddenly complained.

Behind him, a total of fifteen people, all of them fell into a coma. Among these fifteen people, the strength is not poor, and even some Seven Star Fighting Immortals are complete, but even so, they are all defeated at this time. Black Dragon Wolf.

"However, there will be a mourner in the southernmost part. This is really something I didn't expect. The power of mourners, I am afraid that I can only be divided into five or five now, so don't provoke it." Hei Sha Longyi said stunnedly, it was obvious that the one who had just helped Xiao Yan escape was the Heisha Dragon Wolf, but the brief confrontation made him understand that the power of the mourner would only be stronger than the rumors, and the Heishalong The wolf did not immediately express his intention to Xiao Yan. On the one hand, he wanted to see Xiao Yan's power, and on the other hand, he had doubts about the Devil of Light. He always felt that there was something wrong with the Devil of Light.

"However, there are still two places that I haven't explored yet. These two places are extremely repelling places for me. Where exactly the Lord of the Soul will be, I don't know..." The voice just fell, and the black The Fiend Dragon Wolf carefully hid the fifteen people, Zaidu confirmed that he would not wake up for a short time, and immediately followed Xiao Yan and the two.

I have to say that these fifteen people are also suffering. They are the strong guards of the three locations, and they can be regarded as the elders of the West Temple. The power-famous overlord of the demon world, the Black Dragon Wolf, is naturally only beaten...

the other side.

"Palace master, the powerhouses of the ghost kingdom have sneaked into our temple, and they seem to have sensed the master's plan." At the core of the West Temple, inside the Fang Hao Temple.

Fang Hao's brows closed slightly at this time, standing on his throne, and standing in front of him was clearly the leader of Li Soul Guard, Hua Shao.

"People from the kingdom of ghosts?"

"Soul Palace?" Fang Hao suddenly opened his eyes and asked suspiciously when he heard the words.

Although the ghost kingdom is extremely low-key, some of their secrets are still seen by other powerhouses in the ghost world.

"How many are they here?" Fang Hao asked.

"The Great Soul of the Soul Hall respects the soul and destroys the sky, and the rest are some small shrimps that are not to be feared." Hua Shao said.

"Since a Seven-Star Fighting Immortal is sent to destroy the plan of the Master of Li Soul, it seems that these guys should have come prepared..." Fang Hao wondered.

"How about the supplies?" Fang Hao asked after a while.

"Everything the master needs is ready. I'm afraid it will take another month to know the result, so the next time is when the temple is the most nervous." Hua Shao said, his voice full of seriousness.

"Our West Temple is different from the other three halls. We have an outer and inner hall. The outer hall is heavily guarded, and the inner hall is where some six-star fighting immortals and even seven-star fighting immortals live. It is obviously a residence, but it is actually a guardian of the temple. However, this also makes the guards in the inner hall of our temple much more tyrannical than the outer hall, so next, we will strictly search the outer hall and cannot let any suspicious person go." Fang Hao said after some contemplation.

"Palace Master, although there are many strong people in the inner palace, but just in case..." Hua Shao said with concern.

"No need, the protection of the inner hall will only be stricter than you think, so let's do it and search the outer hall together. Once you find any suspicious people, shoot them!" A majestic voice filled the air.

"Hey..." Hua Shao could only do as he heard the words, but he didn't know that it was this guidance that led to quite serious consequences.

However, Soul Mietian is extremely cunning. With the cover of many soul disciples, he turned towards the inner hall of the temple.

"Why... there's no one?" As for Xiao Yan and You Er, they still quickly headed towards the center. The center is the only way to get to the northernmost point, so the two of them had no choice but to be the two When people step into the first housing space, they are in trouble.

This is a rather hot space, like a magma-like area, the whole body is hot, but there is no breath or even a human figure here.

"What's going on?" You Er couldn't help but asked.

"There is an exit there Go and take a look." Xiao Yan said solemnly, obviously this is the first time Xiao Yan has encountered this situation.

"Squeak." With a sound, the two easily walked past the first light and came to the second stone gate.

"The guy who lived in that space just now, shouldn't he fall asleep..." You Er took a long time to react.

"It's not like." Xiao Yan shook his head, and seemed to have some clues when he combined with the guy who had just rescued him from the poison barrier.

"Come in." Without any hesitation, in order to confirm some of Xiao Yan's thoughts, Xiao Yan gently touched the second stone gate with his palm and rushed into it.

The second space, this is a rather quiet bookstore, in the bookstore, sandalwood exudes bursts of fragrance, it seems that the pen and ink have just been opened, but at this time it is also empty. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Still no one?" At this time, Xiao Yan's speculation seemed to have been confirmed a lot, and he muttered.

"Have you found anything?" At this moment, You Er didn't say anything and followed Xiao Yan closely.

"Go to the third space." After walking around, he continued toward the third space.

The third space, this is a sea area. The sea area is extremely huge, making Xiao Yan intimidated and dangerous, but without exception, there are no guardians here.

At this time, Xiao Yan couldn't help but laugh. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

Although he didn't know what purpose the mysterious powerhouse had been secretly helping him for, Xiao Yan always felt that he didn't seem to be malicious and seemed to be begging for him.

However, judging from the guardians who disappeared for no reason in these spaces, the powerhouse who secretly helped Xiao Yan was to a large extent the mysterious person who had been following him before, and his strength was probably at the lowest level of eight-star fighting immortals.