Chapter Vol 2 696: Xiaoyi is possessed! The Emperor Yan is coming!

"Xiao Yi..." Feeling the terrifying aura contained in the broken rock burial, Xiao Yan looked at the handsome figure standing in front of him with a little difficulty!

The visitor is Xiao Yi!

Although Xiao Yi did not participate in this team competition with Xiao Yan, as a fire elf, since Xiao Yan came to Dou Di Continent and had a mutation, she has some mysterious connections with Xiao Yan, more or less able to do so. Help Xiao Yan, and be able to rush when Xiao Yan is in danger!

"Broken!" Xiao Yi stepped on her feet suddenly, she gathered up her strength, and then her fists slammed out!

The momentum is like a grand, like a long rainbow penetrating the sun!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying destructive power of the rock fragmentation burial suddenly surrounded the holy flame space, making this space exude an indescribable terrifying aura!

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yi drank abruptly, her fists seemed to contain the power of flames that destroyed everything, and she suddenly faced the rock-shattering burial composed of countless rubble and holy flames!

"Holy Flame Embryo?" Seeing this, Xinyan couldn't help but be startled, but she was not surprised for a long time and then calmed down.

"Even if you take Huoxin Tianyan, you can also get a holy flame embryo, which can be regarded as killing two birds with one stone." Xinyan stood on the commanding heights and said slightly, the hot color flashing in his eyes became more and more obvious.

From Xinyan's point of view, although this little Yi is an embryo of Shengyan, at best he is a child at best, and he can kill him by turning his hands and floating clouds, and he doesn't take it seriously at all.

"Boom boom boom!" Yansui Tianfu suddenly hit Xiao Yi's fists, but it was surprisingly quiet, as if the entire space became silent.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, there were many mysterious lines on Xiao Yi's fists, and then the rock-shattering celestial burial that Xinyan cast shattered instantly!

"How is that possible!" Seeing this, Xinyan's contempt disappeared without a trace!

Xinyan is very clear about this rock-shattering celestial burial that he casts!

Even if he is only the spirit of holy flame, without the support of holy flame's source power, it is impossible to be defeated so easily!

"It's really been a long time since I started, and I'm so unfamiliar." Xiao Yi said with a hearty smile, her laughter was extremely gentle, as if nothing disturbed her mind because of this terrifying rock-shattering burial.

"Humph!" Xinyan snorted coldly, from disdain at the beginning to a deep voice now.

Because the arrival of Xiaoyi just now did not bring any power, Xinyan underestimated his power, and now that his own rock fragmentation burial was cracked by him, only to find that this guy's strength is extremely terrifying, even if he is not strong, he is about to Step into the level of Nine Star Dou Di!

"Big brother, are you late?" Xiao Yi cast a cold killing glance at Xinyan, then her eyes became gentle, and she said to Xiao Yan.

"It's just right." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile.

"How is it?" Xiao Yi hugged Xiao Yan and felt a little bit of Xiao Yan's body that was weakened by using too many methods before.

"This guy is very strong." Xiao Yan had just been supported by Xiao Yi, and suddenly the pure power in Xiao Yi's body continued to pour into her body, and a warm feeling flowed out.

After all, Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan both use Emperor Yan, so both have the same power.

"Have a body."

"I have the confidence to defeat this guy." After a few breaths, Xiao Yi said.

Rao is based on Xiao Yi's current strength. If he wanted to defeat this Xinyan by himself, it would undoubtedly be too difficult.

"Is it possible..." Xiao Yan asked weakly. After all, the matter of possessing the body is not small for the two.

"It's alright." Xiao Yi said with a smile, although there are many risks in possessing a body, at this moment, this is the only way.

"What are these two guys secretly planning?" Seeing this, Xinyan said in a low voice, and immediately became vigilant.

This Xiao Yi's strength is not weak. With the addition of Xiao Yan, who has a burning determination, Xinyan doesn't think that these two will not have some trump card.

"The first strike is the strongest!" Xinyan agreed in her heart, and the breath all over her body burst out instantly, and a huge breath suddenly emerged!

"Exploding Flame Hand!" With a light snort, Xinyan attacked directly at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi's position with a huge destructive power!

"Come on!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi didn't hesitate, a trace of flame power that was the same as Xiao Yan's appeared on her body, and she hit Xiao Yan directly!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's body became gorgeous, the holy flame crystal, the ancient ruler of different fire and the immortal body are all shining brightly!

A dazzling light appeared, this time, it actually made Xinyan feel a dangerous aura!

Moreover, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead became brighter and brighter!

"Go!" Xiao Yan had killing intent on his face, raised his palm slightly, and patted Xinyan's attack at will, and suddenly a shocking red light suddenly shot down!

"Boom boom boom!" The two just collided, and suddenly strong fluctuations flickered directly in the holy flame space.

It is also that the Holy Flame Space is extremely powerful. Otherwise, with such a strong battle fluctuation, I am afraid that the general enchantment would have already been fragmented.

"What the **** did you do!"

"Bastard!" The blow failed, Xinyan seemed to realize the danger of the matter, and immediately stared at Xiao Yan!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, Xiao Yan felt an indescribable feeling of the strongest throughout his body. That feeling seemed to make Xinyan feel that he was just a frog in the bottom of a well!

"Emperor Yan, Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan smiled softly with killing intent on his face, but in that laughter, all the killing intents that were shocking to the sky emerged!

"impossible!"

"How could the Spirit of Fire merge with humans?"

"This is impossible!" The next moment, Xinyan seemed to be going crazy, looking at Xiao Yan with red eyes!

Because of his own perception, the aura on Xiao Yan's body and the aura of Xiao Yi just now were completely integrated!

Even the intensity of the flame has increased too much, and in terms of strength, it has also vaguely broken through the Nine Star Dou Emperor!

"The strength of the Nine Star Dou Di is really wonderful."

"Although there is only one minute, it is enough to solve you." Xiao Yan stared at Xinyan with a smiling smile!

"not good!"

"Holy Flame Space..." Xinyan broke through and realized something and then exclaimed.

"Sacred Flame Space, peel it off for me!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's majestic voice spread to Sheng Yankong and chatted every inch of it!

"Shabu!" As Xiao Yan's shouts ended, the sacred flame space actually wriggled, and then khaki flames emerged from all directions!

After it emerged, it shot directly at the heart rock!

"Damn bastard!"

"The strength of the Nine Star Dou Di can already exert the full power of the holy flame, and the use of the holy flame space and the exploration of the holy flame are even more..."

"No, if it goes on like this, it will fail... I can only use that method." Seeing this, Xinyan had never imagined this scene. need to use.

"Peel off the holy flame!"

"Hunt!" Xiao Yan's majestic voice came out, and then he stared at Xinyan fiercely!

One minute is enough to kill Xinyan and harvest a complete holy flame!

Ask for tickets!

Title: "The Great Reincarnation of All Heavens and Ten Thousand Realms"

Author: Taishangtiandao

Introduction: Through the heavens, across all worlds, from covering the sky to perfection, reincarnating in the heavens and the world, I am the biggest liquidator!

The Ruthless Emperor: "Not to become an immortal! Just to wait for your return in this red dust..."

Infinite flow written by a friend, I personally think it is very good, friends who like it can read it.