Chapter 545: Conquer 3 Ye Xianlan!

"You may be mistaken, I'm not your father!" Xiao Yan didn't dare to recognize it, and immediately wrapped the snake jade around his own with one hand and pushed it away!

"Humph!"

"You are my father!"

"You have the aura of our Tianmu fish clan in your body, and this thing in your hand is the conch shell that our patriarchs of all dynasties can only possess!" Snake Yu Jiao said angrily.

"..." Xiao Yan said with black lines all over his head.

The traces of the breath of Tianmu fish in his body were also left by that Yu Xuan back then. In addition to the inexplicable behavior of the conch, Xiao Yan was also quite helpless.

"Okay, Snake Jade, don't make trouble, we still have business to do." Xiao Yan said sternly.

"People don't call Snake Yu such an ugly name."

"My name is Shanyao!" She Yu said in dissatisfaction, and then rolled her eyes at Xiao Yan.

"Okay, okay, Shanyao, right?" Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"There is one more minute, I can't hold on anymore!" Just as Xiao Yan and Shanyao were talking, the snake spirit on the side said.

"Big sister, I remember you." Shanyao said excitedly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's talk when we go out." Xiao Yan said, then stared at the Sanye Xianlan in the deepest part.

"Is it possible to go back like this?"

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan clenched his fists, with a trace of regret in his eyes!

"Dad, do you want to take that seaweed?" Shanyao followed Xiao Yan's gaze with her small eyes, and also found Xiao Yan's thoughts.

"Do you have a solution?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately turned his head to look at Shanyao.

This Shanyao should still be a young girl from their Tianmuyu clan, her body is slightly developed, and the parts that should be convex are convex, and when she grows up, she is a beautiful embryo!

"Mmmm, Dad is watching me!" Shanyao raised her forehead proudly, then moved her figure and walked towards the Sanye Xianlan, with such a speed that even Xiao Yan could only smack his tongue secretly!

"not good!"

"Shanyao be careful!" Xiao Yan suddenly realized something, and his figure suddenly moved!

Although that Sanye Xianlan might have something to do with this Tianmu fish clan, but five meters away from that Sanye Xianlan, Dou Di can be wiped out in an instant!

Not to mention that Xiao Yan still needs the two of Shanyao and Snake Spirit to bring him into the mansion, Xiao Yan can't let this Shanyao have an accident just after waking up.

"Dad, I'm fine." After Shanyao finished speaking, a strange aura suddenly flashed around her body, and then Shanyao's body trembled slightly!

The next moment, when Shanyao appeared, she appeared directly beside Sanye Xianlan.

The little eyes flickered slightly, and then Shanyao didn't hesitate, she raised her pink and tender hand, and then went directly to Sanye Xianlan!

"Five meters!" Xiao Yan was very anxious!

But the next moment, Shanyao's body actually broke through Sanye Xianlan's protection, and then pressed forward step by step.

"How is that possible!" Xiao Yan was suddenly shocked!

The mysterious power in Sanye Xianlan's body, let alone him, even a peak Dou Di peak is helpless, how could it become so simple in Shanyao's hands.

Xiao Yan came to a place five meters away from Sanye Xianlan, stopped directly, and then stared at Shanyao intently, if there was any problem, Xiao Yan would immediately take action!

"Squeak!" With a sound like a door being pushed, Sanye Xianlan was directly pulled up by Shanyao!

In Shanyao's pinkish little hands, she held the Sanye Xianlan tightly, as if she was holding a favorite toy, waiting for the praise of the adults!

"This..." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"Shanyao, come back!" Xiao Yan was also afraid that something would change, so he spoke directly.

"Oh." Shanyao responded and came back with the three-colored fairy orchid in her hand.

"Dad, here it is!" Shanyao just returned to Xiao Yan's side, and immediately handed over the Sanye Xianlan in her hand, and immediately spoke.

At this time, the three-leaf fairy orchid was completely bleak, and the roots were still carrying some soil and roots, which were very ordinary.

"Isn't this thing damaged?" Xiao Yan said slightly.

This Sanye Xianlan was extremely powerful before, why is it so weak now?

"Damage?"

"The three-leaf celestial orchid is a wonder of the world, and it won't be damaged if you leave it alone." Long Yi said with a smile.

"No, this seagrass is not damaged, it just fell asleep." Shan Yao didn't know what Xiao Yan meant by damage, and immediately said slightly.

"Here!" Shanyao seemed to dislike this Sanye Xianlan, and immediately said.

Just after Sanye Xianlan started, a thorny feeling was born in Xiao Yan's heart.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan hurriedly used all the soul power in his body, trying to resist this sudden power.

"This should be Sanye Xianlan's resistance to you."

"Although Sanye Xianlan is extremely precious, a strange object of its level already possesses its own wisdom. If it doesn't agree with you, I'm afraid you won't be able to use it." Long Yi explained.

"Damn, this resistance is so powerful, I'm afraid." Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, Sanye Xianlan in Xiao Yan's hands suddenly sent a message.

"You are not a person of predestined relationship, it is not acceptable."

"By your hand, I'm looking for someone who is destined." Wei Wei's few words, but even the flame beasts in Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea instantly froze.

Obviously, the meaning of Sanye Xianlan just now is very clear, meaning that this Sanye Xianlan has no relationship with Xiao Yan, so it is absolutely impossible for Xiao Yan to mobilize it, let alone spy on its secrets, and Sanye Xianlan also said, help Xiao Yan's hand is looking for other destined people!

"His grandma, this thing..." Xiao Yan couldn't help scolding.

"Xiao Yan, Snake Spirit, are you alright?" Snake Punishment came to the depths of the lake, but the mysterious treasure had long since vanished.

"fine."

"Let's go, go out first!" Xiao Yan nodded in satisfaction.

After speaking, several people also left here directly. After all, this is the bottom of the lake, and the pressure is huge.

With the departure of the group, and the removal of the three-leaf celestial orchid, the color of this lake gradually turned colorless and transparent.

"Plop." With a sound, several people came directly to the pavilion at the beginning.

When he just came to the pavilion, the octopus monster naturally didn't follow, but the snake spirit's eyes kept on Shanyao. Obviously, the snake spirit had a lot of secrets to ask.

"Have you got the things?" Snake Pussy said, although he didn't know what was at the bottom of the lake, it was definitely something very precious.

"I got it by luck." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but he felt helpless in his heart. Although he got this Sanye Xianlan, he couldn't use it. This is the most annoying thing!

"Just get it." Snake Xing heard the words and opened his mouth slightly.

"Then, let's go to the mansion." Snake said, and then his eyes disappeared.

"In this mansion, is it possible for me to break through to the second-rank emperor-rank alchemist..."

"And I still don't know, whose mansion is this..." Xiao Yan murmured, his eyes became hot!

"Gulu Gulu." With the disappearance of Sanye Xianlan, this Hu Bo Ye has become ordinary, without the mysterious power of restraint in Ye, the next moment, above the water surface of the Hu Bo, a dark passage instantly appeared!

With the appearance of this channel, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the soul power and the strange fire in his body gave off a rather cheerful feeling!

"Let's go!" Looking at each other, several people directly sank into the passage.

Ask for tickets!