Chapter Vol 2 768: information

Twenty days passed without knowing it, and it was only ten days before the news of the ruins came out.

During these hours, Xiao Yan didn't go anywhere. He has been in the Burning Incense Pavilion, constantly mastering the techniques of refining pharmacists. With the occasional practice of moving the sky ruler, it can be said without hesitation that Xiao Yan's current strength is only a six-star Dou Emperor. It was complete, but compared to some half-step seven-star fighting emperors, they were not afraid, and Xiao Yan could feel that if the things at the bottom of the press box were not used, I am afraid that the powerhouses in the middle stage of the seven-star fighting emperor could fight.

"I don't know what happened to the ruins." Xiao Yan was in his room and opened his mouth slightly.

At this time, Xiao Yan was also quite helpless. His uncle, the Golden Dragon King, had been in seclusion for a long time, and there was no sign of waking up. However, Long Yi had signs of waking up. The power will skyrocket again.

Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a familiar figure suddenly appeared on the Burning Incense Pavilion Burning Heaven Domain.

This figure is none other than Xiao Yan's battle formation master, Zhu Jin!

At this time, Zhu Jin didn't know where he came back from, and was quite embarrassed. He obviously didn't know what he was doing. His clothes were all torn and tattered, and even his breath became disordered, and with Xiao Yan's perception, he knew that It was suppressed by a powerful force, and Zhu Jin was already a half-immortal. With that extremely powerful formation, there would be no one but the real Dou Xian who could cause this kind of damage to Zhu Jin.

"No, go and have a look!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he got up and walked towards Zhu Jin's position.

In fact, Zhu Jin is still hidden, except for Xiao Yan and Ye Meng, who are powerful souls, no one else can detect his trace.

"unlucky!"

"I didn't expect that the master in the ruins was actually a real Fighting Immortal."

"And the restrictions she set up, I am afraid that the eight-star Dou Emperor and below will not be able to enter. We also listened to the words of the **** Jiujianxian and went in to investigate. If everyone has some skills in pressing the bottom of the box, I am afraid that this time I will directly fall into it!" Zhu Jin dragged his rather tired body and slowly walked towards his residence.

Although the news in the ruins has been investigated by the five of them, the price seems to be a bit high.

"Old Zhu." Zhu Jin had just stepped into his residence with his forefoot, and just wanted to use his strength to seal up his residence so that others could not detect it, but unexpectedly Xiao Yan's voice sounded slightly.

"So it's you stinky brat." Zhu Jin immediately laughed and scolded when he heard the words.

"Old Zhu, you are..." Xiao Yan gently pushed open the door and asked.

"Sit down and talk, I happen to be looking for you." Zhu Jin did not shy away, even if he looked like this, he was not afraid of being laughed at by Xiao Yan, and said calmly.

"As you can see."

"These scars on my body are caused by the ruins this time." Zhu Jin said.

"remains?"

"Elder Zhu, have you entered the ruins?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

"Yes, this time the ruins are quite strange, so I, Dan Wang Chenxin, Xuanling Wang, together with the ancient wasteland Huangli and Wanjian Xianjiu Jianxian entered the ruins together, in order to explore the news in the ruins, Unexpectedly, it almost fell inside." Zhu Lao smiled bitterly.

Xiao Yan was even more surprised when he heard this!

Zhu Jin is already a half-immortal, and the ruins can actually make a half-immortal strong so embarrassed, so if you enter the six-star Dou Emperor successfully, isn't it a death sentence?

"I know what you're thinking, don't worry, although the ruins this time are dangerous, in fact, no one who exceeds the eight-star Dou Emperor can enter."

"Our old guys just broke in rashly and almost had an accident." Zhu Lao seemed to see Xiao Yan's thoughts and said.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded immediately.

If it wasn't for Old Bamboo to investigate, I'm afraid the news in the ruins would still be blocked.

"I don't know Zhu Lao, this time the ruins..." After a slight pause, a few healing medicines flashed on the palm, and they handed them over to Zhu Lao.

"Although there are nine deaths, the secrets in the ruins have been known to all of us."

"So that's the first reason why I came back and wanted to find you."

"Listen."

"The owner of the ruins this time is named Fairy Moon Moon, a woman whose strength has reached the level of a two-star fighting fairy."

"You don't need to ask about the two-star fighting immortals, you just need to know that in the entire Xuansan three days, the fighting immortals are basically one-star ranks, and anyone who can reach the two-star fighting immortals is the existence of phoenix hair water chestnut."

"And it can be said unceremoniously that a two-star fighting immortal can deal with multiple one-star fighting immortals at the same time."

"In this ruin, there is an inheritance about the Fairy Moon Moon. When you choose the sect, the woman next to you has the identity of the inheritor. This time, I am afraid that the Wanhua Pavilion will spare no effort, and the Xuanling Royal Family is also afraid of Wanhua. Pavilion, so it will be secretly blocked."

"And your mission is to assist that woman to obtain the true inheritance of the Moon Fairy."

"Although this is not an easy task, I believe you can do it." Zhu Lao smiled.

"I remember that the relationship between our Fenxiang Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion doesn't seem to be so good?" Xiao Yan asked with doubts.

Although Yueru has the identity of the inheritor, Xiao Yan will do his best to help her without Zhu Jin saying it, but now that this is said from Zhu Lao, it will be different.

Bamboo embers can now be said to represent the entire Incense Pavilion.

"Hehe, that was in the past. In the future, our relationship with Wanhua Pavilion and Poison Sect will only be better than you imagined Zhu Lao pretended to say something mysterious.

"Besides, there are quite a few immortal artifacts and all kinds of elixir in the ruins this time," Zhu Lao Zaidu said.

"I don't know if there is a fire of life and death in the ruins this time..." Xiao Yan said as if he suddenly remembered something.

"Life and death fire?"

"Why do you want that thing?" Zhu Lao heard the words and was startled at first.

"Refining medicinal pills, what else can I do?" Xiao rolled his eyes at Old Bamboo and said immediately.

"In terms of life and death, when I entered before, I smelled a breath, it should be." Zhu Lao said thoughtfully.

"Really?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was instantly refreshed!

If he can obtain the fire of life and death in this ruins and help Xiao Yi in his evolution, then when the two are possessed, Xiao Yan's strength will be able to reach the level of Nine Star Dou Di and step into the realm of Rank Nine!

Although this method cannot be used all the time, it can be used as Xiao Yan's last killer!

"You can't be wrong, don't forget the spiritual power of my Dou Formation Master." Zhu Lao smiled.

"So good!" Xiao Yan was immediately overjoyed.

"Hehe, don't be too happy, boy. In this ruin, almost all the younger disciples of the sect will take action, and most of them have set foot on the Seven Star Dou Emperor by themselves, and our Fenxiang Pavilion, now the most powerful, Right in front of me." Zhu Lao smiled.

"Where's Zhu Yuan?" Xiao Yan asked.

"He just went out to practice not long ago." Zhu Lao smiled.

"It doesn't matter, even if it is the Longtan Tiger's Den, I have to go!" Xiao Yan said extremely hotly.

"Haha, that's how I can be considered a disciple of the People's Hall of the Burning Incense Pavilion!" Zhu Lao smiled happily. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: