Chapter Vol 4 961: Solve the blood demon gold gas, separate!

"Boom!" At this time, a deafening voice slowly emanated from the forest of death.

"What is that?" Not far from the forest of death, a group of people marched slowly, and the person who spoke was Xuanmu, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family, who is also the most favored by the Xuanling King. It is said that the Xuanling King is very likely Pass the bit with him.

"Reporting to the third prince, that place belongs to the Forest of Death. It is one of the places where Xuan Tiantian and the ghost world fought. The movement just now was extremely terrifying. Perhaps it was caused by the entry of strong human beings to hunt and kill monsters."

"Let's go around." A follower laughed.

"Yes." Xuanmu gently agreed.

"That aura is very strong." When Xuanmu's voice just fell, a man in black beside him said vigilantly.

"let's go."

"Fenxiangge Heavenly Hall guys, this time, let's see how arrogant you are." Xuanmu glanced at him, then left here without stopping.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xuanmu left the Xuanling royal family this time, and was naturally sent by Xuanling King to prepare some things somewhere.

"Hey, I lived up to the expectations, and the Emperor Realm Heavenly Rank is complete!" At this time, in the forest of death, Xiao Yan moved slowly, feeling the huge soul stone in his body, joy poured out, and then he faced Xiao Mu. Talk to the Golden Dragon King.

At this time, the soul stone floated quietly in the soul realm, as if it was taking a step in evolution, that is, some strange changes would occur.

At this time, relying on the soul power of Emperor Realm Heavenly Great Perfection, Xiao Yan is confident enough to instantly kill the middle stage powerhouse of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and even relying on the soul power alone, it is worth fighting against the Eight Star Dou Emperor!

"The emperor's heavenly level is perfect, and it is only one step away from the soul power of the fairyland, but if you want to truly step into the fairyland, I am afraid that the strength also needs to reach the fighting fairy, I remember." The golden dragon king phantom floated in the void, scratching his head. said.

"Yep."

"Indeed."

"Although my current soul power has reached the peak of the Emperor Realm, if I want to advance to the alchemist level, it is closely related to my own strength." Xiao Yan said.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, the emperor-level first-grade Tiandixuan third-level pharmacist corresponds to the emperor's mortal-level soul power and the first to three-star Dou Di, and the emperor-level second-grade pharmacist Tiandixuan corresponds to the emperor's realm-level soul power and the four-five-six-seven star fight. God, and so on.

Although Xiao Yan's current strength has reached the peak of the emperor's realm, but if he wants to step into the real peak of the third-grade alchemist of the emperor's rank, I am afraid that the minimum strength is to reach the nine-star fighting emperor.

"But that's enough, the alchemist level, the strength is enough, it will naturally improve. Now the powerful soul power is invincible among the peers." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"That's good." The Golden Dragon King and Xiao Muxiao both looked at Xiao Yan with a smile in front of them, and some worries in their hearts were also swept away.

"Uncle Shi, Ancestor Xiao Mu, you guys..."

"Are you going to leave..." After a while, Xiao Yan still asked.

"Well, it's almost time." The Golden Dragon King was suddenly speechless when asked by Xiao Yan, but Xiao Mu slapped the Golden Dragon King's phantom with his hand and said.

"But before you leave, helping you break through your soul power can be considered a little hope for your kid." Xiao Mu Zaidu said.

"By the way, the blood demon golden energy in the body!" After a while, the Golden Dragon King broke through and said.

"Uncle Shi..." Seeing how the Golden Dragon King, who was always arrogant, looked very strange today, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a pain.

"Blood Demon Gold Qi?"

"That's the means of a strong Gorefiend, how could it appear on this guy?" Xiao Mu wondered.

"Stop talking nonsense, solve it quickly!" The Golden Dragon King seemed to be extremely impatient when asked by Xiao Mu.

"Okay." Xiao Mu also knew that this blood demon Jin Qi was no joke, so he had to pass by Xiao Yan.

"Actually, you can expel the Gold Qi of the Gorefiend yourself, because you have the Holy Flame, but your strength is too weak to exert the power of the Holy Flame."

"It may be a little painful for a while, just do your best." Xiao Mu said.

"Thank you, Ancestor Xiao Mu." Xiao Yan said with a hint of stubbornness in his pupils.

"I'm about to start!" After Xiao Mu finished speaking, a dazzling flame instantly emerged, and then directly tore Xiao Yan's shirt, revealing the extremely evil blood demon golden energy!

"It's such an evil Gorefiend Gold Qi, I'm afraid this is the means of the Gorefiend, the king of the Gorefiend clan." Xiao Mu just saw the evil aura attached to Xiao Yan's chest like a tarsal maggot, his face became solemn.

"Holy Flame!"

"Quxie!" Xiao Mu's huge flames continued to pour into Xiao Yan's chest, and the blood demon gold energy immediately shook violently when he felt the power of this huge fighting immortal!

Every time the Gorefiend's golden qi trembled, it would bring Xiao Yan a pain that pierced into the bone marrow.

"Boy, are you alright?" Xiao Mu also noticed Xiao Yan's change and asked.

"It's fine." Although Xiao Yan was in extreme pain, he forcibly held back the pain and said.

"Crash!"

"Woooooo!" After a short while, under Xiao Mu's powerful flame, the blood demon golden energy suddenly swept out of Xiao Yan's body, and then stared at Xiao Mu vigilantly.

"A mere blood-fiend golden energy, but also delusional control of my people from the Xiao clan?"

"Holy Flame, destroy it for me!" As Xiao Mu's majestic voice fell, the blood demon golden aura full of evil power was instantly destroyed!

And just when the blood demon gold energy disappeared, somewhere in the dark place of the Xuanling royal family, an evil voice said: "The blood demon gold energy I planted on that guy was actually removed..."

Although the blood demon golden energy is tyrannical, what kind of person is Xiao Mu!

Xiao Mu's strength is extremely tyrannical. At his peak, he might have a four-star or even a five-star fighting immortal strength. Even if his current strength is less than ten, it is extremely easy to deal with a blood demon's golden energy.

"Huhuhu." Don't completely resolve the blood demon's golden energy, Xiao Yan's body is also returning to normal, and then he gasps for breath.

"This kid, very good." Xiao Mu said slowly.

It seems simple to take out the blood demon gold energy just now, but when it comes to that kind of inhuman pain, if it were Xiao Mu, he probably wouldn't be as determined as Xiao Yan, so he naturally praised Xiao Yan.

"Since the matter is over, then we..."

"It's time to go..." Xiao Mu glanced at the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Xuan, then looked at Xiao Yan.

"Ancestor Xiao Mu, Uncle Jinlong King, Ancestor Xiao Xuan." Xiao Yan said with a sour nose.

Since breaking through the Dou Qi Continent and came here, if it wasn't for the help of his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, I'm afraid I wouldn't be where I am today, so Xiao Yan's kindness to the Golden Dragon King is astonishingly the same as Yao Lao on the Dou Qi Continent back then.

"A good man wants to be in all directions."

"See you next time, I'll tell you everything you want to know."

"But before that, you should cultivate well." The Golden Dragon King smiled, but his voice was a little choked.

"This disciple respectfully sends the three seniors!" Xiao Yan's pupils were red, his nose was sour, and he knelt down forcefully.

And the Golden Dragon King was directly included in his acceptance ring by Xiao Mu, and immediately took Xiao Xuan and a group of three, and disappeared directly into the forest of death, leaving only Xiao Yan alone.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: .. Mobile version reading website: m.