Chapter Vol 2 833: 2 nobles

"Little guy, you're actually plotting against me?" Tian Wangshen looked at Xiao Yan's cunning smile, and immediately had a taste of being plotted by others, and immediately said.

"Hehe, how dare this junior to plot against you." Xiao Yan said with a grin.

If you help Heavenly King Ginseng, you will not only get the body of Heavenly King Ginseng, but also help Yueru to obtain inheritance, plus that mysterious fighting spirit, so many benefits, how could Xiao Yan not agree?

"But isn't that fighting spirit only absorbed by the fighting immortal strong pendulum? What the senior said just now?" Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and asked immediately.

"Haha, fighting spirit."

"This thing is very mysterious, and it is indeed something that only the strong immortals can absorb."

"However, a strong Dou Di can also obtain Dou Spirit through some special methods."

"Although it can't be absorbed in a short period of time, when you cultivate to Dou Immortal in the future, you will be able to kill two birds with one stone." Tian Wangshen said with a smile.

"A special method?" Xiao Yan was immediately puzzled when he heard the words, but he admired Heavenly King Ginseng.

"The existence of the fighting spirit is actually specially prepared for the strong fighting immortals."

"The fighting spirit is extremely rare, the eyes are already aware of it, and the power is not bad. There are a total of 108 Daqian worlds." Tian Wang Shen said slowly.

"One hundred and eight?"

"I just don't know what this fighting spirit is used for..." Xiao Yan wondered.

"I don't know the specific purpose of the fighting spirit, but you need to know."

"The reason why Dou Xian is stronger than Dou Di is not only because of the power of life and death, but also because of the existence of the domain and the fighting spirit." Tian Wang Shen thought for a while and said.

"You don't know the role of the fighting soul?" Xiao Yan asked a little depressed.

"I'm not a human, so of course I don't know, but don't worry, I will naturally have a way to help get the fighting spirit." Tian Wang Shen faced Xiao Yan's question, his face slightly moved.

"How to get it?"

"Seal?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after hearing the words.

"Yes, I can use some methods to seal the fighting spirit in your body."

"When you cultivate to Dou Immortal in the future, you will also save time to find Dou Spirit." Tian Wangshen said.

"It's really a bold idea." Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

But even so, as long as the fighting spirit does not fall into the hands of others, Xiao Yan is not afraid.

"That's good." Xiao Yan heard the words, but he didn't press any questions.

"The thing about the Fairy Moon..."

"What's going on?" Seeing that Xiao Yan had no problem, Yueru spoke immediately, obviously she was full of doubts about Fairy Jiaoyue.

"Fairy Moonlight is not actually a human being on the Xuanling Continent. She is from another plane. She was also a strong man at the level of fighting immortals, but she has no idea how to provoke a foreign evil clan and was killed by two honorable people. The evil races from outside the territory fought, and finally fell with hatred, and such a ruin was born." Tian Wangshen seemed to know a lot of things, and then said.

"The two venerable aliens?" Yue Ru heard the words, and she didn't know how strong the so-called venerable aliens were, but she could vaguely guess from the mouth of Tianwang Shen that the two venerable aliens were It was the culprit who killed the fallen Moon Fairy.

"Exalted evil race?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly upon hearing this.

There are five levels from the weakest to the strongest.

Heaven, Earth, Respect, Emperor, King!

The Gorefiend Left Guard that Xiao Yan dealt with before should be an alien evil clan at the prefecture level, but that guy's strength almost made Xiao Yan fall. This venerable alien evil clan might be regarded as some less powerful alien evil clan. Clan leader!

And there are two!

Most of the extraterritorial evil races at the heaven level are small ones, while at the earth level, there are some powerful ones. As for the noble level and above, I am afraid that the lowest level is comparable to the human level of fighting immortals.

The strength of the two exalted alien races has been infinitely close to Dou Xian, and it is not an exaggeration to say that they are the peak of Dou Di. In addition to some evil methods of the alien race, Fairy Moon Moon was actually defeated by the two. .

"Really the two exalted foreigners?" Xiao Yan still couldn't believe it, and immediately asked.

"That's right, it's the two of you."

"Although I don't know how terrifying those two guys are, but I think that the two exalted alien races can truly kill Fairy Moon Moon. I'm afraid the strength of those two guys..." Tian Wangshen said hesitantly.

"It should be very strong." Xiao Yan said.

Until now, Xiao Yan didn't understand that the reason why the devil whale needed Xiao Yan's help that day was because of these two exalted foreigners.

"And I can feel that the aura of the two exalted foreigners seems to be in the purple crystal palace." The next moment, the king of heaven spoke up.

"Just in the Purple Crystal Palace?" Xiao Yan immediately frowned upon hearing this.

If the two exalted alien races are really still inside, I am afraid that inheritance and fighting spirit are attracting people, so they can only give up.

After all, at this time, even if Xiao Yan used all his means, it would be quite difficult to deal with the powerhouses who had just stepped into the eight-star Dou Emperor level, not to mention dealing with the extraterritorial evil clan at the peak Dou Emperor level, and they were still two.

"It's going to be troublesome now." Xiao Yan's expression changed, obviously this matter was too heavy.

"But even though the two powerful foreigners are in the purple palace, don't forget the female disciple of Fairy Moonlight."

"The female disciple of Fairy Moon was lucky enough to escape the disaster but since Fairy Moon fell and left this relic, she has been in the palace."

"One is to use her mysterious power to suppress the aliens, and the other is that she seems to be waiting for someone," Tian Wangshen said with a smile.

"In this world, besides the power of holy flame, are there other things that can suppress the power of evil races outside the realm?" Xiao Yan was immediately puzzled when he heard this.

"Saint Flame is indeed the nemesis of the alien race. Only by possessing the holy flame can one truly cook and kill the alien race. However, apart from the holy flame, there are not many things that suppress the alien race in this great world. ." Tian Wangshen said.

"So it is." Xiao Yan suddenly felt relieved when he heard the words.

On the other hand, Mu Yingying seemed to have been staring at the latter ever since the Heavenly King Shen said that she would save the heavenly tribulation, apparently not knowing what she was thinking.

"Okay, next, let's help me get through the catastrophe first."

"If it is successful, I will follow you. I think, a fighter at the peak of the Dou Emperor, you, the alchemist, should not refuse, and the rest of the things, with me, you will get a lot easier." Tian Wangshen laughed.

"Since that's the case, let's start." Xiao Yan immediately smiled when he heard the words, and then he didn't hesitate. The two seemed to start the calamity directly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм