Chapter Vol 4 1873: scary guy!

"Where are you holy?" The body shook dozens of steps away from Xiao Yan's side. Xuanyi couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan with extreme vigilance. The scorching hot fluctuations that have cooled down are scorching themselves. From the perception of Xuanyi, I am afraid that only the strongest in their sect have that kind of fluctuations.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan ignored Xuanyi, turned his head and prayed to Die beside him, this girl was kind and kind to herself, so Xiao Yan was naturally willing to protect her.

"Weng humming." The colorful paranormal butterfly was transformed into a human appearance, but the breath was quite weak. It was obvious that it had just consumed a lot of power under the prestige of Xuanyi.

"He is very strong, in the late stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals." After returning to his human appearance, Die Qi covered his violently heaving chest and said.

Most of the Butterfly Valleys are supernatural beings like butterflies. This is already a well-known thing. Although Dieqi is also a six-star fighting fairy, he is not good at fighting, so he will be defeated so quickly. The power level is clearly divided. For a power and a country, the war-lovers are basically men, and women are basically doing some logistical work of needlework.

"Do you need to stay alive?" Xiao Yan asked softly.

"Boy, don't be mad!" Xuanyi listened to Xiao Yan's words and couldn't help jumping like thunder. A vicious roaring energy snake behind him slowly condensed and tried to shoot at Xiao Yan. , suffocating.

"No need, it's just..." Die Qi said softly, but he had a lot of concerns in his heart. This guy is also the third elder of the Yaoxuan Sect. If he fell into the hands of Xiao Yan, he would probably cause a lot of trouble.

"Crack!" With a sound, a fiery red flame, like a dazzling arc of light, just flashed out of Xiao Yan's body, and immediately, with the help of Xiao Yan's figure, it blasted towards the latter.

In an instant, Xiao Yan's hand blade with flames suddenly cut Xuanyi into two pieces.

"No...it won't be so strong, right?" Die Qi was originally worried about how difficult Xiao Yan would be to deal with Xuanyi, and whether there would be other concerns after success, but seeing that Xuanyi had no power to fight back, even a demon The spirit body didn't have time to use it, and it was Xiao Yan that killed him with a single blow.

"The force is too strong... I couldn't control the force for a while." Seeing that Xuanyi was no different from a corpse now, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning.

"嘁偁嘁!" Xuanyi was directly beheaded by Xiao Yan, and his human body was slowly shattered, revealing a body that was about an inch in size a day. It was a snake shadow about an inch long, and the snake shadow was full of a Incomparably tyrannical green aura.

"Earth demon snake... Compared with Cailin's Sky Swallowing Python, it's far worse." Looking at Xuanyi's demon spirit body, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

However, Xiao Yan knew that at this time Xuanyi had been knocked out of his body by himself, but there was still a chance to recover, and the little snake in front of him was his last chance.

"Weng Om Om!" After a while, the little snake just wanted to get out and ran away, but it was baked by Xiao Yan's Great Heavenly Seed's flame, and immediately it was completely extinguished, dying. Above its body, a gleaming green light The nuclei flickered out.

"Yao Dan?" Looking at this thing, Die Qi couldn't help but be surprised.

"Demon Pill?"

"What is this?" Xiao Yan also walked over with great interest. Looking at the green bead the size of a dragon's eye, he muttered, it seems that Xuanyi's life-long power is stored in it, somewhat similar to the monsters in the human world. The magic core is general.

"It seems that you really don't know anything... Then I'll tell you about it, Yao Dan, this is the most important thing in our demon world, similar to the human heart, and the alchemist refines medicine pills, It must also be assisted by the demon pill.”

"There are two ways to generate the demon pill. One is that the spirit is cast out of its own damage, and the other is that the direct killing of the spirit has a chance to drop it."

"However, the difference is that after the spirituality has passed through the catastrophe and transformed into a human being, the demon pill in the body will turn into a heart. They have the power of their own spirituality before the calamity, but the body has been separated from the category of spirituality, even if it is If you kill them, there will be no demon pills, and they have become real human beings." Die Qi explained patiently.

"It turns out that there is still this secret..." Xiao Yan scratched his head and smiled when he heard the words. It seems that in the demon world, if he wants to refine medicinal pills, I am afraid that the so-called demon pills alone are enough to search for him.

"Chichi!" For a while, a scream emerged from the inside of the cliff, apparently the confrontation between the two groups had already begun.

"Their leader is dead, I'm afraid you still need your help here." While Xiao Yan spoke, his eyes were directed towards the waterfall in the water lotus cliff, where there seemed to be some strange fluctuations.

"You go to maintain the team, I'll go in and have a look." Xiao Yan finished speaking, leaving a fiery red fire fox to protect Die Qi, and immediately turned into a stream of light, heading towards the cliff.

"Is this guy a disciple who can't escape from the world..." Seeing Xiao Yan's departure, Die Qi has always been unable to imagine how holy Xiao Yan is, but after a while, he was also facing the team. Go, without the prestige of the three elders, other powerhouses are naturally not afraid.

"Chichi!" At this time, the inner center of the Shuijian Cliff, which has an area of ​​100 meters, presents an arc shape as a whole, and in its center, some circular waterfalls fall from the top of the cliff and fall directly into the bottom of the cliff. During this period, the distance was about a few hundred meters from top to bottom, and there was a round lake with white flowers below.

"It is said that in the demon world, there are still some solitary spirits who like to live alone Could it be..." Xiao Yan came to a cliff and looked at the spectacular waterfall and lake below, unable to bear it. Stay muttered.

The weirder the place, the greater the possibility of hiding treasures.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, a water column suddenly emerged from the bottom of the lake and projected towards Xiao Yan!

"Pfft!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the flame enveloped himself, and he stopped the attack with a wave of his hand.

"Come out." While exploring the surroundings, he used the Great Heavenly Seed flame to completely cover the entire water stream area, and Xiao Yan said slowly.

"A rare fire attribute." With Xiao Yan's method, huge bubbles gurgled out in the lake below, and a rather enchanting voice slowly emerged.

"This is... a human being?" And following the voice, Xiao Yan saw a pure and white creature slowly stepping on the lake. The dazzling anger of that guy's power was definitely not there. What kind of supernatural or conversion, but a genuine human being!

What's the matter!