Chapter Vol 4 1019: 5 ways!

"Big brother..."

"The little **** Xiao Yan followed, and there were three other people with him." Tianhong glanced back at the gate of the Holy Flame Hall, and said immediately.

"Four people..."

"Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Yan Chi..."

"Who else is there... How come the aura on his body is similar to that of Saint Flame?"

"It doesn't matter, as long as Yanchi follows, it will be easy."

"There are five forks in the Holy Flame Hall. Even if they have Holy Flame, it is absolutely impossible for them to identify the real direction. If they go wrong, my chance will come. Let's go to the main hall first." Tian After he finished speaking, he and Tianhong directly poured into the Holy Flame Hall.

"Follow up." And Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi, Mu Yingying, and Yan Chi also poured into the Holy Flame Hall inseparably.

"Clang!" As the Xuanling royal family and the four Xiao Yan rushed into the Holy Flame Hall, the door was closed tightly.

"It seems that this time, you will still have to lose a large piece of meat from the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Go all out and kill the four people in this Heavenly Palace for me." At the next moment, Qi Haoqing suddenly said to the six strong men of the Xuanling royal family behind him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As soon as the voice fell, all six of them burst out with dazzling power.

"After so many years of forbearance, this time, let's fight happily!" After Mu Tianyuan finished speaking, a majestic fighting spirit emerged from the seven people, and the fiery battle between the two sides reverberated outside the Holy Flame Palace.

And the few people who entered the Holy Flame Palace also had a different appearance.

"It's such a dark place..." Xiao Yan and the four had just entered the Holy Flame Palace, and suddenly felt a shocking flame aura floating in the space, but the space here was pitch black, even if In this way, the four of them can still tell who is who by virtue of their perception.

"What about Tiangan and the two?" Mu Yingying said slightly.

"I lost it..."

"They seem to be very familiar with the Holy Flame Palace." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, even with his powerful soul perception, after entering the Holy Flame Palace, the breath of the two Tiangans was isolated, even Xiao Yan. I found that my soul perceives that in this Holy Flame Hall, the range that can be explored is actually compressed into dozens of meters.

"This should be the front hall of the Holy Flame Palace, and there will be no danger."

"Come on fire." But Yan Chi, who was quiet after pouring into the Holy Flame Hall, suddenly spoke up.

"The fire is coming." As soon as the words fell, a khaki-yellow holy flame energy emerged directly from Xiao Yan's body.

"What an empty front hall..." After the light of the flame slowly illuminated the place, Xiao Yi said.

What caught everyone's eyes was an extremely wide passage all day. The passage was extremely wide, but there was only one way to go.

"Follow this road."

"I can use the power of the holy flame to vaguely know the location of the holy flame, let's go." After Yanchi finished speaking, he took the lead in walking.

"Yingying, what's the matter?" Xiao Yan and the others also followed, but Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying, who was restless, and asked hurriedly.

"I...I don't know."

"I can't calm down in my heart. It seems that something big will happen." Mu Yingying tried her best to calm herself down, but she couldn't calm down no matter what.

"Don't worry, there's my eldest brother and I." Xiao Yi also saw Mu Yingying's situation and said.

"Yes." Mu Yingying's mind suddenly stabilized a little after hearing the words.

"Eh...here..."

"There are actually five paths?" The next moment, as the four of them advanced for a distance, Yan Chi's surprised voice said directly.

"Five paths?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately turned his eyes to the front.

Xiao Yan saw that what appeared in front of the five people were five tunnels with the same shape.

"Old Yan, do you have any clues..." Xiao Yan thought for a while, and then asked.

"no."

"According to my perception, all five paths seem to be right."

"Because the holy flame aura hidden in the five paths is real." Even Yan Chi, at this moment, has no choice.

"What's going on here..." And Xiao Yi knew little about this kind of thing, so she couldn't help but say.

"This is some means of Sheng Yan's self-protection."

"The five roads should lead to different places, and there is only one road leading to the same Holy Flame's main hall." Yan Chi thought for a while and said.

"But the other four roads also have the aura of holy flame, what's going on?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"Hehe, this is the power of Holy Flame."

"Among the five paths, one of them is correct, and the holy flame aura among the other four is just a cover-up."

"But although it's a trick, we can't crack it now." Yan Chi shook his head.

"What now?"

"If there are five routes, there are only four of us. Even if one goes all the way, there is no guarantee that it will be correct." Xiao Yi said at the same time.

"Wait a moment."

"I'll check it again." At this time, Xiao Yan also didn't pay attention, and sat cross-legged directly, making a look of checking.

"Senior, how can this be done?" Xiao Yan immediately communicated with the Soul Devouring Talisman in his body just as he made an inspection.

"Take the middle one."

"But I want to remind you in advance that there is an aura of an evil race from outside the territory, and that aura is stronger than any one you have encountered before You are now three holy flames, and you are adding In this holy flame hall, there are a total of four holy flames, if one accidentally falls, I am afraid that the consequences..."

"It's a disaster for the entire Great Thousand World." Soul Eater said solemnly.

"The evil clan outside the territory wants to kill me, Xiao Yan, and I must also make them hurt." Xiao Yan said softly, but the fearless aura in his bones suddenly radiated out.

"It depends on the situation, I will take action at the critical moment."

"But I can only protect you alone. As for the other words, I can only ask for more blessings." After the Soul Eater Talisman finished speaking, he couldn't help but cast a glance at Yan Chi.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed, but he didn't understand the meaning of the last Soul Eater Talisman.

"Follow me." Xiao Yan opened his eyes and rushed in directly towards the middle passage.

"Are you sure this is the right way?" Yan Chi couldn't help asking.

"I have some probing skills, so I can't go wrong." Xiao Yan also found that Yan Chi was surprised, and then explained.

"In that case, let's go."

"I hope this time, everything will come to light." The fiery pupils were also filled with an invisible wave of power.

"Why does my heart become restless as soon as I enter this Holy Flame Palace?"

"Even the eyelids kept twitching, is there something big about to happen?" Mu Yingying followed at the end and said absentmindedly.

: . :