Chapter Vol 4 2060: Forbidden Scroll, Heaven's Sad Rainbow!

The latest website: "Dare to ask if there are any other guests bidding?" With Xiao Yan and the three taking out such terrifying bidding chips, Yaoyun looked around and said.

"..." There was silence after the sigh.

"Please wait a moment, because the auction items are special, so we need to identify the bidding chips in your hands in advance, so that our elder pavilion can make a final decision."

"Please, all the guests who still intend to bid on the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit, please come with me with your own bidding chips." The second elder Yao Xuanyi pretended to have a deep smile, and immediately stepped a little. Next to the seats in the auction hall, there were beams of light. The door gushed out.

"I'll come when I go." Xiao Yan nodded to Xun'er, and immediately stepped out and disappeared into the door of light.

"Weng Om." The whole body was wrapped in the door of light, and after the breath, a noble golden house that was airtight emerged, apparently for waiting.

The golden house is completely sealed, and no power can penetrate it. I think it is the means of the medicine family, so I can only wait for it slowly.

About five minutes later, the second elder Yao Xuanyi showed a slightly apologetic smile and appeared here, obviously he was here with Xiao Yan, and he had already gone to the quarters of several other powerhouses.

"Hey, little brother has been waiting for a long time."

"Brother Xiao Yan, please take out the ancient dragon source spar and let me examine it carefully." Yao Xuanyi didn't show off too much, but said directly.

"Why...Elder Yao is still afraid that we won't be able to repay our debts?" Xiao Yan thought it was a little funny. He thought that this Yaozu auction would not protect the privacy of the auctioneer at all, and it was due to their arrogant strength, but now they are still doing this. One out.

"Brother Xiao Yan, don't get me wrong."

"We don't need any law and order in the medicine clan, because our medicine clan is the best law and order."

"Checking the auction chips is just to prevent some unscrupulous people. Brother Xiao Yan is also requested to cooperate." Yao Xuanyi said.

"En." Xiao Yan didn't say much, just took out an ancient dragon source spar, and immediately wrapped it with his own flame, slowly paving the air, but he noticed something from Yao Xuanyi's words. In other words, it seems that the medicine is not very quiet at midnight these days.

"Weng buzzing!" Long Yuanjing just appeared, and suddenly a dragon soul with fierce energy roared away at Yaoxuanyi, that kind of fierce attack was quite terrifying.

"Definitely."

"Brother Xiao Yan can take it back. You can go back to your seat in the auction hall. Later, our Elder Pavilion will decide the final winner." Yu Yin curled up, and many strong people also returned to the auction hall one after another.

"Everyone has been waiting for a long time. After the screening of our elders' pavilion, it was decided that the winner of this ice marrow fire spirit fruit is Brother Xiao Yan." Yao Xuanyi just appeared, and suddenly an old-fashioned tone emerged, and the voice was extremely loud. Out, his eyes locked on Xiao Yandao.

"Xiao Yan?" Hearing this voice, Hunxuzi couldn't help shaking his head slightly, and he didn't say anything.

"I never imagined that a race as strong as the ancients would actually be compared by a nameless generation. It's really embarrassing." Seeing this scene, the old monster Shen Xi uttered a strange voice, and the meaning of the words was obvious.

"Teacher... this?" The fresh and beautiful woman beside the old Lingxi heard the words, her eyebrows stood upright, and she said slightly angrily.

Xiyue Sect has been dissatisfied with the ancient race for many times. If it wasn't for the fact that there is a peak alchemist of the seventh-rank immortal rank in the Xiyue Sect, and the secret support of the Holy See, I am afraid that it has been completely obliterated by the ancient race. So arrogant and domineering.

"Xi'er, don't be rude."

"It's just a lackey." Old Lingxi scolded him severely, and didn't take it seriously.

"Old Lingxi, you..." Hearing the words of old Lingxi, Shen Xi roared.

"Old Monster Shen Xi, please restrain your words and deeds. This is the Yao clan. If you are like this, I don't mind suppressing you here forever." Seeing the arrogance between the two sides, Yao Xuanyi said with a dignified aura.

"Just a little interlude."

"After the edification of three auction items, this auction is slowly coming to an end."

"But before the next auction of this auction item, please allow Yaoyun to show off this little bit." Yaoyun is indeed a real auctioneer, and every word instigated the voice of the strong present. .

"This guy is a very business-minded woman." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing when he heard Yaoyun being so articulate. In addition, the success of the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit made Xiao Yan quite happy, because Xiao Yan only hugged The attitude of trying it out, I didn't expect that I was actually auctioned by myself.

However, what Xiao Yan could not have imagined was that the genius powerhouse of the Medicine Clan who obtained this Dragon Origin Crystal would be his strong opponent in the Medicine Clan festival soon after.

"Oh..." Hearing this, Xun'er squinted slightly and took the initiative to leave Xiao Yan some distance, her little lip biting her lips tightly, quite dissatisfied.

"Of course, the most beautiful person in the world is still my Xun'er." Xiao Yan looked at Xun'er jealous and comforted immediately.

After all, Xiao Yan naturally didn't know that within a few minutes of Xiao Yan's departure, Xun'er set herself up against Yaoyun, and the girl would inevitably be brooding about some things, such as her figure, or some of her ex-girlfriends. Where the bulge is raised, Yaoyun's almost perfect figure is more attractive than Xun'er's youthful and mature style.

"I think you all know that the Great Thousand World divides fighting skills into many categories."

"Among them, after the Holy Rank Fighting Skill, it is the category of Immortal Art, and the Immortal Art rank has three ranks, large, medium and small. Although there is only a difference in one word, its power is quite different." Yaoyun deliberately sold off.

"This has something to do with the next auction?" Many strong people present did not understand the purpose of Yaoyun's words, and they began to figure out.

"In the Holy See, after the Holy Rank, there is no such rank as Immortal Art, but it is commensurate with Forbidden Art. The strength of Forbidden Art depends on the strength of its strength, but the Forbidden Art performed by the Holy See powerhouse is Hexian. Techniques are generally tyrannical.”

"In recent years Daqian World has also introduced some things that a small number of people know about. Immortal arts category ranks still exist, but forbidden arts scrolls are not exclusive to the Holy See, similar to our ordinary powerhouses. Cultivation to obtain forbidden scrolls."

"The forbidden technique has no specific grade, but judges the strength according to the strength of the caster. It is the same level as the immortal technique, but it can be called the forbidden technique, which can undoubtedly prove its tyrannical power."

"The word forbidden technique is enough to truly surpass the realm, enough to compete with the world, and even kill the reincarnation!"

"And the next thing to be auctioned is a scroll of forbidden skills that is enough to compete with immortality, or even surpass immortality."

"Its level, after the strict judgment of our high-level medicine family, has already reached a level comparable to the Great Immortal Technique!"

"It's...named...Heavenly Sad Rainbow!" The high-pitched voice accompanied by the last four words was unusually loud, slowly lingering in the entire auction hall, making the strong present feel like thunder.