Chapter Vol 4 1552: Manfire sect!

"Boom!" A sound of flowing through the space channel sounded, and Xiao Yan and the two were immediately kicked out of the space channel.

"Pfft." With a sound, the two left the space passage and immediately came to a small hill.

"Big brother...Where is this place?" In an instant, Xiao Gui hurriedly glanced around, but found that it was extremely desolate, and it seemed that it was dozens of miles away from the Lingyuan city in the upper domain, and now it is impossible to use the space channel. , and even unable to step in the air, which made them have to go to the management sect on foot to take office, so it is natural to delay a lot of time on the way.

"The old commander drove us out. It seems that he wants us to go to the sect ahead of time to take office. After all, the acacia tree is about to be born. It is better to settle the sect we need to manage first, or go to solve the matter of the acacia tree." Xiao Yan was calm, obviously he had heard some implication from Di Lao's words before and said.

The disciples who can join the Spiritual Academy are all the favored sons of heaven on their respective continents. Naturally, there is no need to say much about their strength and talent, but the purpose of the Earth Spiritual Academy is to cultivate talents to serve the Lord of Li Soul and even the entire Li Soul Realm, so it is a matter of management. appears extremely important.

And let each disciple who joins the Lingyuan manage a sect alone, and use three years to verify the management results to determine the management ability of its managers. This is also a unique way of practice in the Lingyuan.

After all, if you can't manage even a small sect, let alone how difficult it will be to manage a plane as the master of a plane in the future.

"Let's go, go to this sect first." After a while, Xiao Yan glanced at the stone tablet in his hand and said.

"But big brother... Do you know what this sect is?" After a while, Xiao Gui suddenly remembered something and asked. After all, there are hundreds of sects in this middle domain. If there is no one The specific news is probably like looking for a needle in a haystack.

"This old man..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his eyes suddenly darkened, and he cursed secretly.

"Ah!"

"Which **** scolds me?"

"Wait, I seem to have forgotten to tell Xiao Yan and the others that the sect they are going to is called the Ten Thousand Fire Sect..." And in a house directly above the Linghe River in the Lingyuan, the old ghost of the earth spirit also felt regretful.

"Forget it, it would be great to have more experience." After a while, not thinking about Xiao Yan and the others, he closed his eyes and rested quietly.

Earth Spirit Academy boundary domain.

This is a mixed area, where countless sects are standing side by side in an endless stream, and the competition between them is constant. Here, you must have extremely strong strength to survive.

Although the unique method of the Spiritual Academy is extreme, it is approved by nearly 90% of the sects in the Central Territory. After all, the disciples in the Spiritual Academy manage their sects and enhance the strength of their own sects, but this kind of management , It was extremely difficult at the beginning. After all, a young guy rushes into a sect and tries to manage its sect like its sect master. As for how to overcome these difficulties, it is up to these disciples.

At this time, on a cliff, there are ravines and mountains, and the terrifying flame temperature will set off here like a furnace, the residence of Wan Huo Zong.

"Sect Master... the disciples of the Spiritual Academy have not yet taken up their posts." At this time, three figures appeared in the Great Fire Sect's hall, and one of them was quite an old man said.

The three of them are the stewards of the Wanhuo Sect.

Sect Master Huo Yi, the strength of the four-star fighting immortal middle stage.

Huo Lao, the strength of the four-star fighting immortal early stage.

Huoyun Great Elder, the strength of the four-star fighting immortal early stage.

"Damn, what are the three headmasters of this Spiritual Academy doing?"

"Why haven't the disciples been sent to our Ten Thousand Fire Sect, is there any delay?" After a while, the red-haired man above the first roared, his voice was like a bell, which was quite deafening.

"In Tingfeng Pavilion, it is said that a strong man in the early stage of Four-Star Dou Xian came to manage. At first, the strong man in Tingfeng Pavilion was not convinced, but he was forcefully beaten by that guy. His strength is even some four-star Dou Xian. The powerhouses in the middle stage of the immortals are not too arrogant, so recently, the reputation of Tingfeng Pavilion has been greatly shaken." Among them, Lao Lao spoke slowly.

"Elder Huo, the order goes on, our Ten Thousand Fire Sect will be closed for a month, and no one will be seen."

"And sent someone to seal the only channel to enter our Ten Thousand Fire Sect for me."

"Since that guy didn't come to his post for so many days late, this Sect Master will let him taste our power." The red-haired man said quite dissatisfied.

"Okay." Huo Lao heard the words, got up and went down to prepare.

"Elder Huoyun, I don't know what you think of this matter?" After a while, Lao Huo left the lobby, and the red-haired male Sect Master also said in a soft voice.

"Sect Master, the one sent by the Lingyuan to manage our sect this time is not alone."

"And the two of them."

"The two of them are named Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui."

"I received the gold sticker when I just dispatched my disciples in the Lingyuan, but I never reported it to the sect master." After a short while, the red-robed elder Huoyun said.

"Xiao Yan Xiao ghost?"

"Second brother?"

"According to the practice of Lingyuan, one person manages one case, so why are there two people at the same time this time?" The red-haired man asked in confusion.

"What strength do they have?" the red-haired man asked at the next moment.

"Xiao Gui, the three-star battle of immortals is complete." Elder Hongpao Huoyun said.

"Samsung Douxian is complete, it's not bad, I hope this time, under his leadership, our Wanhuo Sect can get some valuable resources." The red-haired sect master said.

"Sect Master, there is another person named Xiao Yan with strength... the late stage of the Three-star Fighting Immortal." After a while, the red-robed elder Huoyun also spoke slowly, his voice full of concernsSamsung The late Dou Xian? "

"This kind of strength is also trying to manage our Wan Huo Sect?"

"If he dares to come, this Sect Master will definitely let him come and go!" At that time, listening to the strength of the late Samsung Dou Xian, the red-haired man couldn't help but violently said.

The strength of the managers proves the potential of their sect. It is probably just a joke to send a guy from the late three-star fighting immortals to try to manage these four-star fighting immortals.

"Sect Master, it is absolutely impossible."

"Although Xiao Yan's strength is weak, he was personally named and assigned by the old ghost of the Earth Spirit among the three headmasters of the Spiritual Academy."

"And the old ghost headmaster of the Earth Spirit is among the best in the spiritual academy, both in terms of status and strength, and to be appreciated and paid so much attention by him, I think this guy named Xiao Yan also has something very unusual. ." Elder Hongpao Huoyun tried to defend.

"Okay, Elder Huoyun, the Sect Master has decided on the matter, don't talk about it!"

"Even if there is an old ghost of the earth spirit behind this kid, this time I will definitely frustrate his spirit!" The voice just fell, and after a short while, the Ten Thousand Fire Sect closed the sect slowly with a calm atmosphere.

In the distance, they are still looking for Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui who are going to be appointed to the sect, but they don't know that they have almost offended the senior management of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect before they have taken up their posts.