Chapter Vol 4 1798: Meeting Ji Xuan!

"Strange... This sinner only has the mid-term strength of Six Star Dou Xian, but why has he kept a distance from me?"

"And looking at this appearance, it doesn't seem to be malicious to me?" Xiao Yan concealed the breath of his figure and moved quickly under the shroud of darkness, while watching the rock criminal who came to chase him, feeling strange.

"Shhhh, brother Xiao Yan, it's me." Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, a soul force from the rock sinner behind him entered Xiao Yan's mind.

"Ji Xuan?" Xiao Yan was surprised when this voice emerged.

"Brother Xiao Yan, it's me, I have to follow Marr for some things, so..." Ji Xuan was still covered in black robes, and he kept chasing Xiao Yan as an envoy of rock crime, making an appearance of wanting to kill Xiao Yan, but Every attack was just right and did not cause much damage to Xiao Yan.

"This is Mar and Soul Hall?" Xiao Yan communicated with him while moving.

"He's working on Devil Fruits, and he wants to recreate a whole new property."

"And for the election of the princess, I was originally just investigating the affairs of Shuiyuan City, but I was involved here unexpectedly, Brother Xiao Yan, no matter whether this devil fruit is ripe or not, these guys must not be allowed to get it, otherwise there will be endless troubles. "Ji Xuan said solemnly.

"I know...but just by virtue of the two of us joining forces, it seems..." Xiao Yan seemed to be hesitant to speak.

"Rest assured, we can use their power to destroy them directly, even if we can't get it."

"Okay." The two hit it off, but now the two are pretending to fight, but they are secretly gathering strength and waiting for the final battle. In order to cope with the army of the Soul Palace, the other powerhouses naturally did not notice this scene.

On the other hand, Hall Master Huang Tang, Soul Wuji, took the Soul Hall powerhouses and directly defeated Gamma's sinners. I'm afraid it's only a matter of time before they win.

"It's really rare for a Dharma protector in the midst of a dignified crime to give up his life for a sinner." Above the canopy of the evil tree, Soul Yan looked at the dark green elegant man in front of him with cold eyes, and spoke softly.

With the intelligence network of their Soul Palace, it is naturally not difficult to know the division of forces among sins.

From the bottom of the crime guard, followed by the crime envoy, then the crime division, and among the crimes, there are a few extremely powerful beings, these people are collectively called the law protectors, these law protectors are powerful, for the sake of Among the protection crimes, some weak but special ones exist.

"My name is White Protector. Today is just to protect Lord Mal. If you are sensible, you can retreat." At this moment, a silver feather fan suddenly appeared on the palm of the elegant man. A gloomy evil force permeates the evil tree, and that kind of force is like the strongest creature standing at the top of the food chain standing in the cloud, looking down at the ants.

"Stop talking slanderous words, it is still unknown who will kill the deer!" Soul Yan smiled faintly, as if he had the confidence to win this battle.

As soon as the words fell, Soul Yan and Bai Hufa directly launched an offensive that filled the sky. I saw Soul Yan take the lead, and the figure jumped, and he appeared above the sky of the lair. He flipped his hands, and a cloud of blood mist came out of his body. It shot out, and enveloped the body of Protector White with the momentum of thunder.

In the tumbling blood mist, countless ghosts opened their mouths and cracked their teeth, madly eroding the body of Protector Bai like a vicious dog, trying to **** his blood and his evil power!

"Tricks of carving insects." Seeing this, Bai Fawei snorted softly, and then the silver feather fan on the palm of his hand shook slightly, and an ink-colored evil yin wind suddenly emerged from the feather fan, and immediately dispelled the blood mist, even blood Countless ghosts and souls in the fog let out bursts of piercing screams.

"Is it an evil weapon..." Looking at the white guard, his face was not shocked, but Soul Yan's eyes were aware of this silver feather fan, which was obviously not an ordinary weapon.

"But it's too small to look down on me!"

"Blood devours the sky, soul locks!" After a while, there were bursts of gloom in Soul Yan's eyes, and when the figure moved, there were bursts of harsh voices under the black robe, and dozens of pitch-black chains were like poisonous snakes. Emergence, without any pause, blasted away directly at the White Protector, which contained that kind of sinister and corrosive power, which made people shudder.

"One fan!" Looking at Soul Yan's method, the eyes of Protector Bai glowed with evil ink, and the silver feather fan on the palm of his hand was gently instigated. At that time, a beam of ink-colored energy turned into an evil long sword, facing the sinister Chains, resist and go.

"Ding Ding Ding!" The two figures staggered in the sky of the lair, the dark swords and jet-black chains were constantly intertwined in the sky, and bursts of violent energy fluctuations spread like tides. The harsh sound and strong energy fluctuations stimulated the everyone present.

"Give me a lock!" Seeing Protector Bai's fierce means, there were bursts of ugly meaning on Soul Yan's cheeks.

"Boom!" The voice of the soul flame fell, and above the countless jet-black chains, bursts of grief and wailing emerged, and suddenly broke free from the resistance of the ink-colored sword, stepped through the void, and suddenly eroded away against the body of the white guardian!

At this moment, there was a hint of surprise on the handsome face of Protector Bai. The two were of equal strength. They were both in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals. This soul flame could actually crack his own attack, which is really not to be underestimated.

Protector Bai's cheeks were icy cold, and the ink-colored long sword suspended in the sky was suddenly retracted and held in his hands. After a while, UU read www. When uukanshu.com waited for the dark chain to approach his body a few feet, the ink-colored long sword on his palm swung abruptly, creating a very strange loneliness, and directly resisted the dark chain at an extremely tricky angle. Through the gap in the chain, he assassinated the black mist around Soul Yan!

"Bang bang bang!" I didn't expect the White Guard to be so calm, and the black mist around Soul Yan shook violently. Obviously, the White Guard's attack just now had a big impact on him.

"Woooooooooo!" After a while, those pitch-black chains were easily hit by the white guard's long sword, and suddenly shattered and split open, and one after another, like a transparent phantom soul body, suddenly shot away at the surrounding of the nest, In the surprised expressions of everyone, they fled around, and even above those soul bodies, one after another vague tiny chains imprisoned their soul origin!

"These guys... actually use the soul body to refine weapon chains?"

"And there seems to be something wrong in this guy's body." At this moment, Xiao Yan's expression became unusually solemn, because with Xiao Yan's soul strength and intuition, he could smell the body of the hall master of the Soul Hall Xuantang, Soul Yan. A creepy smell.

Not only the strange soul body transformed by the dark chains, but even its body, a wave of ancient fluctuations quietly permeates.

Xiao Yan had never seen this kind of power, but he knew vaguely...

That is…

The power of faith!