Chapter Vol 4 1418: Force back!

Recommended reading:

​​

"Hey-hey……"

"Such a coquettish person, wouldn't it be a pleasure if he returned to our Hidden Soul Society?" The thin man saw Yun Qi and Mu Ge take a step forward, and immediately focused his attention on Yun Qi. As for Xiao Yan, he ignored it.

After all, the strengths of Yun Qi and Mage are the real three-star Dou Xian early stage, while Xiao Yan is only a two-star Dou Xian complete.

However, when his eyes saw Yun Qi, he couldn't help but be surprised. This Yun Qi exuded an elegant atmosphere from the inside and the outside, and he couldn't help but make the man happy.

"Do it!" Looking at some filthy thoughts in the eyes of the thin man, Yun Qijiao snorted and tapped his toes on the sea water, like a dragonfly playing in the water, the fiery red flames on his palms vented out, and the dazzling offensive was undoubtedly displayed. .

"Looks like a little beauty, I can't imagine her temper is so grumpy..."

"You have to let me teach you well." After the thin man finished speaking, a gloomy smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and his body instantly sank into the sea.

"Where's the people?" Madrigal was also brewing a tyrannical attack, but the next moment he lost his target and shouted hurriedly.

"Weng Om!" At the same time, in the sea below, a huge behemoth several hundred meters in size suddenly jumped out of the water.

"No wonder it was you who attacked us before...it was this guy!" Suddenly, the figures of Yun Qi and Mu Ge retreated to Xiao Yan's side at the same time, protecting Xiao Yan, but when their eyes saw the behemoth in front of them, There was a chill in my heart.

"Soul Eating Whale?" The big guy just appeared, and everyone couldn't help but take a breath, and even the soul felt dizzy.

What caught everyone's sight was a huge creature with a huge body of 100 zhang. The entire body was a huge creature that stretched in a streamlined shape. It was surrounded by countless water currents and was extremely tyrannical. Moreover, if this soul beast looked at its power, it would have reached the level of immortality. The level of the third-rank rank is enough to compete with the human three-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Soul-eating whale, it is said that this soul beast lives in the ocean, and the food is extremely strange. It only swallows souls in its life, so it was jointly killed by many forces. I didn't expect them to have hidden souls..." Yun Qimeimu Flickering slightly.

"Looking at this, this guy seems to be training orcs, it's a bit tricky... Two three-star fighting immortals..." Mu Ge also said seriously.

"Soul-eating whale, swallow them for me!" After a while, the thin man stopped talking nonsense with everyone, and ordered, the soul-eating whale twisted its huge body, opened its **** mouth, and faced Yun Qi directly. And go.

For it, the more tyrannical soul power, the more tyrannical the strength that can be improved, so Yun Qi is quite attractive.

"Yun Qi, be careful!" In a breath of time, the attack of the soul-eating whale directly covered the past, without any tricks, directly relying on the tyrannical body, it seemed that he wanted to crush Yun Qi instantly.

"On its body... there are fluctuations in the power of devouring the soul!" At this moment, Yun Qi also found something wrong, because the streamlined body of the soul-eating whale was actually wrapped by a tyrannical soul power. , the consequences are unimaginable!

"Leave it to me." Just when Yun Qi and Mu Ge were in a hurry, Xiao Yan's voice slowly sounded from behind the two of them. The next moment, a fiery energy ripple easily surrounded the ten li radius!

"Where are Xiao Yan and that guy?" As Xiao Yan's voice fell and the flames spread, the three figures suddenly disappeared from everyone's sight.

"I'm afraid they have entered a different dimension... This Xiao Yan is quite hidden." Mu Ge looked at the sea of ​​​​fire around and couldn't help muttering.

"Boom!" The next moment, above the sea, the inner space surrounded by flames.

This was in Xiao Yan's formation, and Xiao Yan deliberately sent everyone out, so only the three of them were left.

"The power of the formation?" Seeing himself and the Soul Eating Whale disappearing into the crowd in an instant, surrounded by the hot formation, the thin man couldn't help but said, his voice filled with shock.

The strength of him and the Soul Eating Whale is on the rank of three-star fighting immortals. Even if the guy in front of him uses a normal formation, it is not enough to completely imprison the two. I am afraid that this guy's formation is a bit weird.

"Don't think about it, in my purgatory formation, you can't escape without my permission." Xiao Yan smiled at the person and beast in front of him.

At this time, the purgatory formation map, the core inscriptions has reached 33,000!

30,000 Dao is enough to easily imprison Sanxing Dou Xian, and with the addition of 3,000 Dao, it is not difficult to imprison Sanxing Dou Xian in the early stage.

The power of this formation has grown with Xiao Yan's spiritual strength cultivation, and it is undoubtedly several times more tyrannical than in Dongzhou, but this is still not the pinnacle of the purgatory formation, but facing this guy in front of him is enough!

"Escape?"

"I think it's you who want to escape..."

"The mere two-star Dou Xian is complete, and you actually used the formation to imprison us. Do you want to defeat the two of us with the strength of one person?" The thin man said with a look of contempt.

"Soul voice!" Ignoring the thin man's voice, he snorted coldly, and the dazzling soul power emerged, and then like a tide, it swept the entire formation in an instant.

"What a tyrannical soul power..."

"Soul eating whale!"

"Soul Strike!" Although the thin man said contemptuously, he did not take it lightly, and said directly to the Soul Eating Whale beside him.

"Crash!" The soul-eating whale seemed to have low intelligence. Without the support of sea water, it could only attack with the destructive power of its body, but how could Xiao Yan give it this chance.

"Hot explosion!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and his body in the formation was like a ghost, leaving a lot of phantoms in the void, and he easily avoided the attack of the soul-eating whale.

"If I'm in a hurry, I won't play with you..."

"The fire is coming!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's figure was high and below zero, and then he whistled towards the formation space, and dazzling flames gathered from all directions.

"What a terrifying guy, but..."

"Water Spirit Snake Waterfall!" In an instant, the thin man's pupils shrank tightly, and an unrivaled tyrannical aura, accompanied by a huge snake shadow composed of colorless and transparent water, roared towards Xiao Yan.

"The power of the fire dragon!"

"Destroy it to me!" After a while Xiao Yan's body was filled with a great celestial seed, and in coordination with the flame power in the formation, he even stagnated with the thin man's attack.

"Pick my finger!" Xiao Yan smiled at the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth when he saw the two stalemate attacks. The tyrannical soul power could distract Xiao Yan and gather his strength to attack.

"Two fingers in the sky...Break the sky!" A roar like an emperor suddenly echoed in the space of the formation. In an instant, Xiao Yan's fingertips shrank suddenly, and in an instant, a hundred-zhang finger glow, with a sky-shattering momentum, Attacked the thin man.

"Boy... Let's die!" Seeing Xiao Yan attack like this, feeling something strange emerging from the man's hands, a ray of light suddenly radiated from the soul eating whale, as if there was some connection between the two.

"Gulugulu!" At the same time, a strange voice suddenly appeared in the formation space.

"What kind of sound is this?" Seeing that his attack was about to hit the thin man in the blink of an eye, he was confused by the sound.

"This is... why did that lord..."

"Soul-Eating Whale, let's go!" This strange voice just appeared, and suddenly he felt a shock in the man's pupils, and then he glanced at Xiao Yan viciously, his palms tumbling, his strength skyrocketed, and he made a sudden breakthrough. After the formation, it disappeared.

"This Hidden Soul Society...what kind of power..."

"That voice just now seems to have originated from the bottom of this sea of ​​dust?" Seeing the two disappear, Xiao Yan also slowly retracted his attack.

Now that this level is over, the next step is to enter Tianming Mountain Villa!