Chapter 475: 7 Color swallowing python residual power!

In the Temple of Medusa, King Xuanling and his group are staring nervously at Yaoxin and Little Green!

At this time, the two looked rather strange.

Yaoxinmei's eyes were slightly closed, and an invisible soul force was continuously injected into Xiaolu. Although Xiaolu resisted extremely fiercely, she was suppressed by the other seven eight-star Dou Di strong.

Once there is any news, they will take action without hesitation.

"Go, go back!"

"There seem to be some uninvited guests at the gate of the temple."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Issue the Medusa snake order."

"King Xuanling, let us make a good result this time." After Shefu finished speaking, he smiled slowly, but the ruthlessness in that voice could be heard by anyone.

"En." The blue-and-white snake heard the words, and immediately knew the importance of the matter, and immediately a small snake exuding colorful colors rose into the sky, and then turned into a gorgeous seven-color cloud, soaring straight into the sky!

"It's the Medusa snake order again?"

"What happened this time?"

"Why is the Medusa Snake Order issued again?" In each of the nine major Medusa tribes, each leader just returned to his own tribe, and immediately found the seven-colored clouds in the sky, and immediately whispered.

"Abominable human beings who treat my wife like this, this time they will definitely kill you!" In the Charm Snake Tribe, after Mei Lan returned, when she heard what Mei Ye said, she was immediately angry.

"Let's go!"

"The signal is around the temple, could it be that those humans are running towards the temple?" As soon as the voice fell, among the nine tribes, eight figures rose into the sky and headed towards the temple!

Strange to say, this temple is located in the core area of ​​the nine major tribes of Medusa!

It's like the nine tribes protecting the temple!

The place where the temple is located under the desert.

"How's it going?" King Xuanling said eagerly when he saw Yaoxin had just put his hand away.

"It's a little strange. According to my investigation, the opening of this temple seems to require the power of at least seven tribal leaders of the nine major tribes of the Medusa family to open..."

"And the convenience of opening it is quite strange... It seems that you only need to transfer your Dou Qi to the temple." Yaoxin's beautiful eyes were a little puzzled, obviously not knowing whether this method of opening the temple was correct.

However, Yaoxin is quite confident in her talent.

Besides, now that the strength of this little green is suppressed, it is impossible to make mistakes.

For the rest, there is only one other possibility.

That is the convenience is right.

"How can there be such a weird way to open it?" King Xuanling immediately wrinkled when he heard the words.

Even with King Xuanling's experience, he didn't know there was such a way!

"Forget it, it doesn't matter, let's try it first. I feel that there are quite a few powerful breaths rushing here." Ye Mo, who was silent on the side, broke through and said.

"If that's the case, then come on."

"With our current lineup, let alone a few, I'm afraid that the real Fighting Immortals have the power to fight!" King Xuanling snorted coldly, and then stared at the temple, a huge breath suddenly emerged!

"Do it!" The next moment, the little green aura weakened slightly, and then King Xuanling suddenly drank it.

"Shabu!" With King Xuanling's voice, the auras of the eleven people suddenly burst out!

The monstrous eleven auras of completely different colors instantly turned into huge pillars of Dou Qi light, and the Dou Qi beams of light came together one after another, turbulently gathering on the white wall of the temple!

"Damn it!" Little Green twisted his human body, then moved slowly, and hurriedly left here.

"You...you have to die!" Xiaolu's aura suddenly soared, and he was released from the captivity in an instant, and then his figure moved instantly, leaving the temple for a few hundred meters in an instant, heading towards the exit of the temple!

"Boom boom boom!" Upon seeing this, the Xuanling King and everyone had no extra power to intercept Xiao Lu, who was as powerful as a nine-star Dou Emperor, and could only let him escape.

"Bang bang bang!" The huge eleven beams of Dou Qi light headed towards the Bai Ze Temple with a destructive aura, and some extremely terrifying black and white powers emerged from several of them, which was extremely terrifying!

But this is the case. On the wall of Bai Ze's temple, it seems that it has never changed. No matter how the Xuanling King and the others attack, there is no change!

"This temple is really weird!"

"Increase your strength!" Ye Mo narrowed his eyes slightly, as if he had found something.

"Shabu!" With Ye Mo's voice, the breath of the eleven people emerged!

Its huge Dou Qi beam of light was even bigger, and eleven strands of Dou Qi that were stronger than just before smashed onto the wall of Bai Ze's temple.

King Xuanling's group and the walls of Bai Ze Temple were in a tense stalemate. In the dark space, several figures slowly emerged.

"Hehe, this King Xuanling actually wants to enter the Temple of Medusa..."

"I remember hearing that a little guy with a nine-colored sky-swallowing python appeared in their snake-human race. Could it be that woman?"

"But why did this King Xuanling go so far as to dispatch the entire dragon-loving army?"

"Could it be..." An inconspicuous place in the temple space, the space fluctuated slightly, but it did not attract the attention of the attentive King Xuanling and his group.

Old Zhu slowly muttered to himself, and then stared at the wall of Bai Ze's temple!

At this time, the wall of Bai Ze's temple was already under the combined efforts of the Xuanling King and everyone, and there was a strange appearance!

On the wall of Bai Ze's temple, the color suddenly changed, and then a lifelike image appeared on the wall!

"What is this!" The other three of Solomon who were hiding in the other place, their pupils shrank tightly, and the strange fighting spirit surrounding them appeared strange on the wall of the Baize Temple, and suddenly began to wriggle!

This appearance is clearly a feeling of fear!

"Sect Master, what's wrong?"

"It's weird!"

"Quickly withdraw!" Liu Quan, the head of the three sects, has such an old-fashioned vision After seeing the strange appearance on the walls of the Baize Temple, he walked towards the exit without hesitation!

Because what appeared on the wall of the Bai Ze Temple was a lifelike pattern!

At the moment when the pattern just appeared, the dozens of people in the dragon-loving army who were constantly pumping vindictive energy towards the temple trembled slightly!

Even the powerhouses among the eleven who did not reach the level of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor all spit out a mouthful of blood!

"Hurry up!" King Xuanling snorted immediately, a fearful thought emerged in his heart, and then he stared at the mysterious pattern on the wall of the Baize Temple with difficulty.

It was a rather strange pattern.

In the pattern, a giant snake of several dozen meters appeared. The giant snake raised its arrogant head slightly and stared at the Xuanling King and the others in front of him. It felt as if the arrogant king was despising the weak ants!

The whole body of the giant snake is dazzling. The snake body is divided into seven parts, and a different color emerges on each part. What is even more terrifying is that among the seven colors, they are all powers of completely different nature!

As for the snake pupil, a strange spirituality emerged, but for some unknown reason, when King Xuanling looked at these dead gray pupils, the soul in his body trembled involuntarily!

"Colorful swallowing python..." Qin Tian on the side withdrew his vindictiveness slightly, clenched his palms involuntarily, and then stared at the giant snake!

A dangerous aura pervades this space!

Ask for tickets!