Chapter 196: Immortal Dragon Soul!

As the terrifying lotus of annihilation in Xiao Yan's hands went towards the dragon soul, facing such a terrifying flame energy, because the dragon soul loved flames, his scalp could not help tingling.

"Boom boom boom!"

Terrifying energy fluctuations permeated the entire space, and the strange thing was that the lotus of annihilation actually penetrated through the dragon soul!

"Damn!"

"How could this happen!" Xiao Yan's pupils also shrank tightly, because when Xiao Yan controlled the Lotus of Quietness to attack the Dragon Soul, he found that the Lotus of Quietness actually penetrated directly through the Dragon Soul!

This is unheard of!

Immediately, it was too late to think. In the face of the powerful counterattack of the dragon soul, since the lotus of silence has no effect, then use the soul power to fully consume the dead dragon soul!

Although it is incomprehensible, Xiao Yan admires the Dragon Soul very much in his heart under such terrifying power. Under the constant attack of his high-frequency soul power with all his strength, even though the Dragon Soul is very ugly, it is very uncomfortable from beginning to end. It didn't even get hurt, its tyrannical level is really rare in the world.

Actually, Xiao Yan really didn't know about this. Just imagine that the dragon soul is the body of the soul. It has been cultivated for thousands of years. If there is a body, its strength can already be comparable to that of a human beings who fight immortals!

It's a pity that its body was destroyed by a certain great power a thousand years ago. Even so, its strength is also extremely powerful, and in its soul realm, with Xiao Yan's continuous attacks, there is a trace of immunity to soul attacks. a feeling of!

So slowly, although he was attacked by Xiao Yan's soul power, it was not so easy to become afraid.

The dragon soul was submerged in the flames, slowly absorbing the powerful flame fighting energy from the volcanic crater below to recover some of his wounds.

Looking at Xiao Yan who was covered in milky white flames and kept descending towards the crater below, Dragon Soul laughed loudly: "Human, you are doomed, no one can survive in it."

"Even if it's me, I can't stay for long, or I'll be refined by the fire in the heart of the earth. Haha, you can't escape death. Haha, haha!"

The entire space, bursts of proud laughter, filled the surroundings, hiding everything inside.

Dragon Soul laughed wildly, even though he was severely injured, he still destroyed the enemy, how could he be unhappy.

In the air, I saw Dragon Soul's body, which was several tens of meters long, dancing proudly.

At this moment, it returned to its original state again, flying freely in the sky.

Could it really be an indestructible fetish, otherwise how could it recover again and again?

Below, in the dazzling flames, nothing could be seen clearly, Xiao Yan's body was already hidden in the flames, and no one knew whether he was dead or alive.

In the secret realm, Xiao Yan hid in the sea of ​​flames, and his whole body suddenly disappeared into the raging flames.

The high temperature around is a weapon capable of destroying all living beings.

Xiao Yan was in it. Even though his body was covered in milky white flames, his body was still hot and water permeated, and the water instantly became invisible.

After a brief hesitation, Xiao Yan calmed down, endured the scorching heat, and the power of his soul emerged instantly, carefully examining the movements around the crater.

At this time, the dragon soul was already laughing complacently in the sky, but Xiao Yan ignored it at all.

Xiao Yan remembered that his master Jinlong King once said that the cold land and the hot land are not only very dangerous places for practitioners, but also very difficult to find treasures.

The speed of cultivating the exercises in such a place is far better than other places, but the crisis is very big, and there are not enough people with cultivation base, and those who are eager to make strong progress are most likely to go into trouble and fall into a place of doom.

At present, Xiao Yan is in such a place, so he has been thinking about it.

Xiao Yan has already understood that his cultivation has reached a saturation stage, and it is impossible to think of a great improvement and leap in a short period of time.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The only way to have a chance to quickly improve one's own cultivation is to find some peculiar places, which are ingenious.

At this moment, Xiao Yan decided to give it a try, so he did not go out immediately.

Around Xiao Yan's body, twenty-two colored flames of brilliance slowly flickered, and the burning art in his body began to work.

Hot flames emerged from Xiao Yan's body, converged on his body, and the "Burning Jue" was used, causing all the flames around the crater to rapidly gather towards him in varying degrees.

At this time, Xiao Yan's whole body was full of momentum, and his body absorbed the surrounding fire flames at the fastest speed, fully enriching his strength.

Because the flames were too strong and dazzling, Dragon Soul didn't notice the changes around Xiao Yan at all.

At this time, in its perception, Xiao Yan must have been engulfed by the fire, slowly turned into ashes, and disappeared from this world forever.

The dragon soul floated quietly in mid-air, laughing smugly, feeling extremely happy.

Today, I finally killed a human being to avenge the torture I suffered for so many years.

While madly sucking the fire power next to him, he urged "Fen Jue" with all his strength, and the fire power guided into the body was slowly refined along the training line of Fen Jue, and quickly merged with his own fighting qi.

Xiao Yan's double-mindedness is in order to feed his "Burning Jue" to full capacity in a short period of time.

Time passed quickly. Looking at the scorching temperature of the volcanic crater below, Dragon Soul did not dare to act rashly. At this time, he already fully believed that Xiao Yan was dead, so he planned to leave.

Dragon Soul's body slowly rose, ready to return to the place where he was before, and slowly fell into a deep sleep.

But at this moment, Dragon Soul suddenly felt a powerful breath coming from below, which shocked him greatly.

The dragon soul's giant eyes flickered with disbelief!

Xiao Yan couldn't feel any hot breath at this moment Because he absorbed the blazing fire below, he resonated. At this time, his whole person seemed to be an elf in the flames, and he seemed to be casual and unrestrained. .

Xiao Yan's body slowly rose from the flames. At this time, the flames above the Bing Yi Huo Heng Ancient Ruler on his left hand became more and more brilliant!

At the bottom of Xiao Yan's feet, a group of flames like a red lotus pedestal slowly lifted him up, very beautiful.

Xiao Yan didn't look at the dragon soul above his head at this time, his eyes were fixed on the ancient sword on the stone wall.

Xiao Yan made a move with his right hand, and a powerful force instantly swept the sword, and suddenly a sword whistle resounded through the sky, deeply attracting Xiao Yan's heart.

Xiao Yan grabbed the sword with his right hand, and suddenly felt an incomparably hot feeling in his hand.

Xiao Yan smiled indifferently, and then he remembered that this sword had been roasted at high temperature for thousands of years here, so it was naturally extremely hot, but this temperature was no problem for Xiao Yan.

Carefully looking at the sword in his hand, the length and size are divided, the body is flowing, and a red brilliance flows endlessly, very beautiful.

The hilt and the body of the sword are one body. I don't know what material it is made of, and I can't tell what the original color is.

At the handguard, a strange pattern deeply attracted Xiao Yan's eyes.

The pattern is like a totem, very strange and rare, and it is impossible to recognize what it is engraved.

On the other side of the hilt, there is a small dragon-like pattern, which is very delicate.