Chapter Vol 4 1779: Coastal town, Shuiyuan City!

The next day, the sun was shining brightly and early in the morning, Xiao Yan was sent into the dark passage by Lin Shuang alone, heading towards the coastal town without disturbing anyone along the way. For an important bargaining chip, the less people know, the better it is for them.

At the same time, this kind of news was known by the other two princes.

Prince Lin Feng in the Tiansha Mountains, because he was busy wooing the Chinese military officials of the royal family, so he neglected it. After all, his character and force determine everything, let the Seventh Princess do what, under his absolute force, It is also due to the sincerity of the people, but the Prince Lin Fengya who lives on the Tianxuan Mountains has some strange movements.

"Prince, the Seventh Princess has sent someone to Shuiyuan City. I'm afraid I already have some doubts about the emperor's condition." In the bamboo forest in the mountains, a rather elegant scholar pushed a wheelchair and said softly.

"Send someone to keep an eye on it, now that the election is imminent, we must not make any mistakes!"

"I'm afraid that kind of thing on the emperor's body will not last for three months. As long as he dies of poisoning before the election, then everything will go on according to our plan." During the speech, Lin Fengya's eyebrows were filled with confusion. A rare suffocating aura, this kind of breath is really out of bounds for the prince who is quite popular in peacetime.

"Yes, His Royal Highness." Nodding lightly, the scholar pushed the wheelchair to accompany the prince for a walk.

"Strange... Why does this place have an aura that disgusts me?"

"Could it be a foreign evil race?" Xiao Yan, who was in the dark channel, walked towards his destination, and a wave of uneasiness appeared in his body.

This secret passage can only lead to the coastal town, so Xiao Yan's perception came from the front.

At this moment, in the coastal town.

This is a fairly fertile city called Shuiyuan City. The city is close to the edge of the sea mouth. All kinds of boats and hunting equipment are readily available. There are quite broad reefs and beaches. In Minei, the city is quite prosperous, and people come and go in an endless stream. Obviously, this place is quite prosperous because it is far from the sea and is the throat of transportation.

At this time, in the center of Shuiyuan City, there was a magnificent garden, the garden was quite peaceful, and the big three characters, City Lord's Mansion, were written on the plaque.

"My lord, according to the secret letter sent by the prince, His Royal Highness the Seventh Princess has secretly sent someone to come to us. It seems that he has noticed something. The prince said, at this last moment, let us not reveal any clues." At that time, in an airtight secret room in the garden of the mansion, two figures stood slightly.

Of these two people, one of them was wrapped in black aura, apparently like a bodyguard in charge of intelligence, and the other was wearing a silver cloak, and golden animals appeared one after another on the cloak, which was quite luxurious and noble, and the breath revealed invisibly, It turned out to be chilling.

Butler Tian.

Although this guy's strength is only in the early stage of Five-Star Dou Xian, he has the few fighting power in the entire Shuiyuan City. No one will look down on him. In this city, except for the city lord, I am afraid that he has the highest status and power. of one person.

"Well, I see, go back and tell the prince, as long as my share of the reward is a lot, let him send whoever comes, and I will wipe out the place." Butler Tian nodded lightly and smiled.

"My subordinates take orders." The black-clothed guard nodded lightly and disappeared here in an instant.

"Seventh princess, it's better not to know about this kind of thing. You don't have to come to this muddy water, and I'm afraid you will end up in trouble. After all, the things behind Shuiyuan City are very involved, and it's not something you can handle with a mere girl. , Susu." Butler Tian's face suddenly became a little distorted and muttered.

"Steward Tian, ​​today is the patrol day of Shuiyuan City. You and the city lord must go together. The city lord is already in the front hall..." After Shun breathed, the stone door of the secret room was knocked by a guard.

"Okay... I'll go right now." Butler Tian sorted out and left gently.

On the other side, the distance from Tianxing City to Shuiyuan City was quite short, so it was half a day overcast, and Xiao Yan also arrived at his destination smoothly.

"This is the so-called chokepoint, and it really lives up to its reputation." At this time, Xiao Yan gently left the secret passage, stood alone on some rocks on the edge of the sea, looked at the bustling city, and smiled.

However, Xiao Yan did not use any connections to find the person in charge of the city, even if Lin Shuang handed him a token before leaving, this token was enough to make the city lord obey his orders obediently.

Because Xiao Yan always felt that since the Seventh Princess said that this is the root cause of the disease, I am afraid that there is a big problem here, so before Xiao Yan found out the problem, he would not believe anyone.

"Although this city is prosperous, it always feels that something is wrong..." Xiao Yan glanced away, and found that the waves were bursting with turbulent waves. The sweet sound, combined with the sound of the busy city, shook his head and said.

"Hehe, this little brother, looking at your appearance, you are quite a face." After a while, the sea breeze blew, and suddenly some boats quietly docked not far away, and some fishermen who went to sea came back one after another, watching Xiao Yan alone. Here, I can't help but laugh.

The people of Shuiyuan City have always been simple and simple, and many human beings have extremely thin fighting qi in their bodies. Some fishermen also go out to sea to fish to make a living.

"Hey, old man."

"I just came here, I'm a wandering wanderer, but I always feel that something is not right here, does the old man know the reason?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan grinned enthusiastically. went up.

"Ugh…"

"Little brother, you don't know, since the emperor returned from us, he has suffered a serious illness, and there is no sign of recovery, so we are being watched by many guys. Originally, our place was very lively. After such a trip, the city is on strict guard, and we go out to fish without harvesting anything, so we don't know what the situation is." The old fisherman sighed and explained to Xiao Yan after hearing this.

"No, no, I think this place seems to be... ill."

"Because there is a lack of vigor here." Xiao Yan shook his head, the huge city seemed to be filled with a morbid weakness. This kind of aura can only be faintly detected by the power of the soul.

"anger?"

"I really don't understand you, but let's enter the city as soon as possible. Today, the Lord of the City will personally inspect everything in the city. If you have any questions, you can directly respond to the Lord of the City. This kind of opportunity is rare." With some fish in your hand, quickly cross the reef beach and head towards the city.

"It seems that this place is a bit difficult." Xiao Yan glanced at the endless deep sea, a shock emerged, and even in the deep sea with no end, there was something vaguely making Xiao Yan extremely uncomfortable. .