Chapter Vol 4 1117: Thrilling 1 moment

"It's actually a Qingniu Tianmu soul beast..." And looking at the behemoth, the eyes of the other strong people present became extremely heavy.

They know that this guy's strength has reached the level of fighting immortals, and he is in Yinyuetan, occupying the right time and place, and I am afraid that the increase is too huge for the Azure Bull and Heavenly Wood Soul Beast.

Everyone saw that there was an incomparably huge crack on the surface of the water, and in the crack, a figure of a behemoth stood in the air and slowly appeared.

The behemoth is the Azure Bull Heavenly Wood Spirit Beast. The overall shape of the Azure Bull Heavenly Wood Spirit Beast is like a strong bull, with its limbs stepping in the air, horns on its head, and a height of nearly 100 feet. Even on its body, there are traces of extremely obscure and mysterious patterns lingering around it. The body was surrounded, and an invisible pressure shrouded everyone's heart.

The fissure was a hundred feet in size, and at this moment, the huge beast covered in blue light was staring at them with a playful gaze.

"This guy is very strong." Xiao Yan commented on this big guy just by meeting each other.

The Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast was originally synonymous with strength, not to mention that it is still its home court, its combat effectiveness is probably extraordinary.

"Retreat." Seeing the appearance of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast, Qing Wen said to everyone, after all, he had fought against this big guy before, and he knew the horror of this guy.

"Hey-hey."

"People from the Qing family, are you here again?" And the huge pupils of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast glanced slightly at the many figures in the sky, and finally locked onto the two of the Qing family, smiling quite interestingly.

"You bastard." Seeing this, Qing Wen couldn't help but scolded. He came to Yinyuetan before and was defeated by the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast dozens of times. It has already been beheaded by it, and now seeing each other in Dudu, it is naturally very jealous.

"Qingwen, why are you so troubled?"

"It just so happens that Ben Xian has sent a Mrs. Zhentan, why don't you give me your sister as a betrothal, so I don't want to stop you from looking for some ghost moon well."

"Qingwen, what do you think?" After the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast finished speaking, it looked at Qingwen and seemed to be waiting for his decision.

"You... dreaming!" And Qingwen gave Qing'er a slight glance, and then said resentfully, her voice full of anger.

"Don't be so ignorant of flattery..." The Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast didn't seem to be surprised by Qing Wen's decision, but he still said it.

"Without further ado."

"Do it!" The next moment, Yu Quan took the lead directly, and a dazzling cyan Dou Qi emerged, attacking the Azure Ox Tianmu Spirit Beast.

"Brother Xiao Yan, please help me take care of my sisters one or two." After Qing Wen finished speaking, his figure also burst out and attacked the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast.

"It's just a group of ants." Seeing that the terrifying attacks contained in these dozens of people attacked him, the Azure Ox and Heavenly Wood Soul Beast did not have the slightest fear and opened his mouth slightly.

"Lei Feng Palm!"

"Broken Jade Finger!"

"Three awns slash the ground!"

"..." The dozens of people present resolutely exuded a huge offensive and attacked directly at the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast. Its aura was so terrifying, I am afraid that ordinary Immortal Fighting Powerhouses could only temporarily avoid the edge.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hoohoho!" Seeing so many attacks, the Azure Ox Tianmu Spirit Beast stomped on both feet, and suddenly, a ripple, centered on it, spread out towards the surroundings.

"No, it's a sonic attack, everyone defend well!" Seeing this scene, Qing Wen hurriedly shouted.

"It's too late!" And how could the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast give them such a good opportunity, the ripples under their feet, the next moment directly turned into a dazzling sound wave, with itself as the center, spread out towards Yinyuetan in all directions, and instantly sent Those tyrannical attacks were broken, and the energy above the sonic attack was too terrifying, I am afraid that it could easily kill the Dou Di strong.

"But... Damn..." And Qing'er's delicate body was standing in the air, obviously a little uncomfortable because of the terrifying sound waves, and her chest couldn't help heaving violently.

"Sisi." After a while, Xiao Yan directly exerted his huge soul power to cover himself and Qing'er, and then the pressure caused by the sonic attack weakened.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan asked, seeing that Qing'er's face was slightly pale because of the sonic attack just now.

"It's okay... It's just that your soul power seems to be a little strong." And Qing'er looked at Xiao Yan who was calm and composed, and couldn't help but speak out.

As the eldest young lady of the Qing family, Qing'er is naturally knowledgeable, but the barrier formed by Xiao Yan's soul power has perfectly avoided the sonic attack of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast. , full of destructive power, this Xiao Yan could deal with so easily, which made Qinger admire Xiao Yan even more.

"Are you a pharmacist?" After a few breaths, it seemed that she remembered something, Qing'er's beautiful eyes shrank tightly and asked Xiao Yan.

"That's right." Xiao Yan agreed softly, looking at the people who were fighting fiercely in the arena.

"Stay here, don't move around, I'll help them." Before Qing'er could ask, Xiao Yan left a sentence and went to the battle center.

"This guy..." And Qing'er felt the power of her soul around her to protect her, she couldn't help but move her beautiful eyes, obviously something was going on.

"Ah ah ah!"

"This beast such a tyrannical sonic attack!"

"If this goes on like this, I'm afraid we will suffer heavy losses!" Lei Shi, who was on the side, tried his best to overcome the sonic attack and said immediately.

Obviously, based on the information they got, how could they know that this guy would perform a sonic attack.

"No, he must be stopped!" Looking at the figures around him, some bleeding from their noses and mouths, and some shaky figures, if this goes on, I am afraid that all the people here will be killed by him.

"Yuquan!" Lei Shi shouted loudly. Now, he is the only one who can crack this attack.

"I know!" Although Yu Quan is insidious, he has no certainty of winning when facing the Azure Ox and Tianmu Soul Beast, so he naturally dare not let these powerhouses fall. After all, Yu Quan wants to use their strength as his own. Stepping stone, if they all fall, I am afraid that I will also be unable to escape the claws of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast.

"It's just a group of ants." And the Azure Niu Tianmu Soul Beast looked at the sky, and the people who were attacked by its own sound waves fell to everyone, and couldn't help but let out a very happy laugh.

"Old guy, it's too early to be happy." Before the laughter of the Azure Ox Tianmu Soul Beast could land, a voice that also contained an earth-shattering laughter slowly appeared beside the Azure Ox Tianmu Soul Beast.

"How could it be... it's actually a holy flame?" And the Azure Niu Tianmu Soul Beast turned its gaze from the figure in the sky to the figure in front of him, and couldn't help but find that it was standing in front of him less than five meters away. There, a man covered in blue-yellow flames was staring at him with a playful smile!