Chapter 515: The change of Fen Jue and Soul Eater Talisman!

"Extraterritorial Evil Race?" A startled shout echoed directly in this small space.

Mu Yingying was slightly startled, she was extremely puzzled by what this extraterritorial evil race was, and then said, "Extraterritorial evil race?"

"what is that?"

"En?" Xiao Yan put the white rock down instantly, and then hesitantly glanced at Mu Yingying surrounded by blue holy flames.

The evil tribe outside the territory is the public enemy of the Seven Realms, and this is a household name. How could Mu Yingying not know this?

Is she a fool?

How could someone with holy flame be a fool?

A series of question marks pressed down on Xiao Yan's heart, he shook his head slightly, and then said to Mu Yingying earnestly, "Evil clans from outside the realm..."

"We live in the Great Thousand World. Outside the Great Thousand World, there are countless evil people. They try to invade our planes. Every time they invade, they will be ruined. The collective name of these creatures is the foreign evil race." Xiao Yan was flat. The way, but there is a solemn taste in the voice.

"Are they really so evil..." Mu Yingying heard that, she didn't know what she was thinking.

"Perhaps, but I think it's definitely not something we see that can make a plane turbulent and make all living creatures slaughter." Xiao Yan said.

"En..." Mu Yingying responded softly, then squatted down slightly, slowly lowered her jade hand, and walked towards the white rock!

"Shabu!" Mu Yingying gently picked up the white rock and turned it over directly.

"What are you doing, be careful!"

"There is still such a trace of evil aura on it. If it is penetrated by this evil energy, it will be extremely troublesome!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly shouted.

Although the things on the white rock were only some residual evil aura nicks, they vaguely exuded a rather terrifying aura, which shocked Xiao Yan.

"It's alright, don't forget the flames on me." Mu Yingying responded casually, and then her beautiful eyes stared at the evil face behind the white rock!

"Sisi." The blue flames continued to radiate from Mu Yingying's jade hand, heading towards the white rock!

The azure flame just touched the evil face, and the evil face seemed to come alive, and a ferocious sound suddenly came!

"Holy Flame?" An evil voice echoed in this small space!

"Destroy!" Mu Yingying ignored the evil voice from her face and continued to increase the power of the blue flame on her jade hand!

The azure blue flame directly set the white rock on fire, and then the evil face behind the white rock showed signs of melting!

"What was that sound just now?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't stop Mu Yingying, but just said slightly puzzled.

"It should be the foreign evil race you mentioned, but on the white rock, there is only a trace of evil aura that is too weak." Mu Yingying used the blue flame to evaporate the evil face on the white rock. After that, the body was a little tired, and then said.

"Be careful, it doesn't seem to be very peaceful here." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Yep."

"They were in a coma largely because of this evil face. Now that this thing has been dissolved by me, they should wake up." Mu Yingying said.

"Big brother, what just happened?" As the evil face behind the white rock evaporated, Xiao Yi and the others also woke up!

It's just that the three Xiao Yi at this time only felt a pain in their bodies. Obviously, since the black sound wave hit them and they passed out, they have no memory.

"It's okay, I encountered something else." Xiao Yan smiled lightly.

Mu Yingying on the side saw Xiao Yan like this, her eyes narrowed slightly, obviously not knowing why Xiao Yan wanted to hide them.

The reason why Xiao Yan didn't tell the news of this foreign evil clan to a few people was mainly to reassure them. After all, veteran Zhu handed over these four people to him, and no matter what happened, nothing could happen!

"Since it's all right, let's go."

"I have a hunch, there seems to be a lot of good things in there, you can't rob me at that time...hehe." Mu Feng said with a grin.

"Let's go, I'll take the lead, Xiao Yi is in charge of the break, and if there is any emergency, run first!" Xiao Yan's face sank, and he said to the people behind him.

"Okay." Green Flute and the others also knew that this desert area was no better than other places, and could be ranked among the three major Jedi desert areas in the Lonely Desert of Death. It was no joke.

"Squeak." The few people took light steps, trying not to make a loud noise, then bypassed the stone giant that had turned into piles of white rocks, and went to the rear!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Here, it should be the entrance to the desert area... Just now, it was just a small test, or just a test to enter the entrance to the desert area." Xiao Yan stood at the front, his pupils flashing with flames, and he said to the people behind him.

"The black sound wave just now seems to be a ban. I can feel that this desert area should not allow powerhouses above the Seven Star Dou Emperor to enter..." Green Flute said, obviously the black sound wave just brought them all three. Not a small shock!

The feeling of that black sound wave is like probing their strength. Once they surpass the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, they will be photographed immediately!

"Yes... it's just that I'm a bit special." Xiao Yi also noticed the hesitant gaze of Green Flute, and spoke immediately.

Xiao Yi is a fire elf, although the strength of the eyes has reached the level of the eight-star fighting emperor, which exceeds the limit of this prohibition, but because he is a fire elf, plus the power of flame in Xiao Yan's body, he is not pushed out. For this reason, Xiao Yi couldn't explain it herself.

"Xiao Yan Be careful, there seems to be a powerhouse from a foreign evil race... and I don't think you can handle it right now." The group walked slowly. The different fire constant ancient ruler suddenly said.

"A strong man from a foreign evil clan?" Xiao Yan was also surprised!

Because as he passed the road blocked by the giant stone statue, Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that there seemed to be a slight change in the Fen Jue in his body, and even the ghost realm weapon in his hand exuded an extremely greedy feeling. !

"Elder Long, how strong are the powerhouses from the extraterritorial evil clan you said?" Xiao Yan said unrelentingly.

"It's very strong."

"At least it can be on par with the current me, or even stronger than me!" Long Yi said slowly, his voice full of solemnity.

"How is that possible!" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this!

If this extraterritorial evil race is stronger than Long Lao, no matter how tempting treasures this desert area holds, they can only give up!

"But don't worry, the power of the aliens is too evil, and the strange fire in your body can suppress it, and even the Soul Eater Talisman in your hand can suppress the aliens quite a bit."

"Also, the azure-blue holy flame on Mu Yingying's body, although I don't know exactly which one is on the holy flame list, there is no doubt that holy flame has the most obvious suppression of foreign evil races!" Long Yi saw Xiao Yan thinking, He spoke out immediately.

"If that's the case, even if this desert area is a Longtan Tiger's Den, I, Xiao Yan, have to make a foray!" Xiao Yan said without fear.

Ask for tickets!