Chapter Vol 4 1948: Big 0 situation!

Time flies, Xiao Yan is still quietly in the cave of demons, slowly comprehending immortality and immortality. As time goes by, Xiao Yan's comprehension of immortality and immortality is becoming more and more comprehensible. The present is not what it used to be. As for the demon world, under the management of their respective demon kings, they are restoring their proper vitality in an orderly manner to prepare for the real war in the future.

And with the huge movement in the Demon Realm, the two Demon Suppression Prisons collapsed at the same time, and the entire Great Thousand World involuntarily became vigilant.

The news that the two demon emperors, two white kings and one red king had fallen into the hands of the demon emperors in the two towns and the demon emperors, also spread completely. For a time, the illustrious names of the demon emperors in the past were also being spread.

in the ghost world.

"host……"

"The demon emperor of the demon world has resurfaced. In the past, the Lord of Li Soul once participated in the Three Realms Sealing Plan. I am worried that the demon emperor might attack us in the Li Soul Realm. Should we prepare early? After all, the power of the demon realm controlled by the demon emperor is definitely not We are now comparable to Li Hunyu..." The quiet hall shook slowly in the void, and a dark shadow slowly emerged.

This guy is obviously Duo Qifei's confidant who was promoted later. He looks handsome, and the ghostly energy around him is extremely terrifying, and his strength has reached the rank of eight stars.

At this time, in the silent hall, an elegant figure sat quietly on a throne, her beautiful eyes slowly closing, as if she was closing her eyes and resting in peace.

The throne is quite beautiful, but there are countless gray thunders on it, and that kind of power turns out to be the taste of reincarnation.

"In a short while, Master will wake up completely, and then we will have enough qualifications to touch those things."

"As for the demon world, according to the information I have obtained, the demon emperor's lover was arrested, and his strength is extremely weak because he has just broken the seal, so he will naturally not do anything to us for a while." Qian Ying on the throne bit her teeth and said solemnly, obviously even if Now, with his own strength, when dealing with the demon emperor, he is also quite heartbroken. After all, the power of the Thunder Lord has not been completely reincarnated, otherwise once it is completely reincarnated, with Du Qifei and Lei Lord both, even if they are the demon emperor, I am afraid Can only temporarily avoid the edge.

"But, Wang... I'm just worried..." At this moment, the shadow guard didn't dare to say any more, and slowly shook his head.

"How is the Lord of Li Soul now?" After thinking for a while, Du Qifei couldn't help but ask.

"Deprived of strength, there will be no trace of rebellion, and living in that area has been much quieter over the years." The shadow guard said.

"That's good... there will be a good place for him." Du Qifei also nodded.

"By the way, Wang, there is one thing that my subordinates don't know whether to say or not." After a moment of hesitation, the shadow guard said.

"Let's talk." Duo Qifei waved her hand quite elegantly, and the arc of thunder on her body jumped, outlining its graceful curve.

"The Soul Palace has been in close contact with the Kingdom of Ten Thousand Ghosts recently, and with the fall of the two towns and prisons, the scope of the activities of the extraterritorial evil race has become more and more obvious. I am afraid that it will not be long before the cracks in the plane will be completely shattered..." The shadow guard Worryingly, when he mentioned the crack in the plane, his body couldn't help shaking.

"give it to me."

"Also, dispatch enough people to keep an eye on the Endless Fire Territory." Du Qifei shook her head helplessly. Obviously, her reincarnation power now has to face these things, and he can't escape.

"Wang...that kid, how can He De and He Neng?" Hearing the words of Qian Ying on the throne, the shadow guard became agitated, blushed and his heart beat faster, he couldn't help shouting.

"If he dies, Master will not be able to recover."

"Let's go." At this moment, behind Du Qifei, one after another extremely bright gray thunder filled the air, accompanied by the last voice, expelled the shadow guards, but the last sentence, I don't know if it was for him. Said, it is still a lie to the shadow guard, then it is still unknown.

Ghost Realm Soul Eater.

"Master, Endless Fire Territory has been taken care of by many of our subordinates. Once there is any change, we will notify you as soon as possible." At this time, in a rather quiet forest under Soul Eater Territory, Bai Ze flashed respectfully, saying yes. He said softly to the Soul Eater in the small pavilion in the woods.

"That's fine... But it's a pity Ni Er, this girl has been frowning ever since she came back. Not long ago, she was asked to settle her karmic relationship. I hope she is lucky."

"By the way, what happened to the demon emperor?" After the breath, the Lord of Soul Eater stood up, and a terrifying aura that looked down on the world filled the air.

It is completely different from the Soul Eater who just stepped into the reincarnation. Obviously, there are three evil soldiers in the ghost realm now, and his strength is no longer known. How many reincarnations he has stepped into.

"Soul Palace, the two sinners seem to be doing their best to help the aliens to crack the cracks in the plane, and because the aliens have lost three generals this time, I am afraid they have other actions." Bai Ze respectfully said.

"Add more people, and send another person to contact the demon emperor. Next, we will gather some power, and we will also have the power to explore the secrets of the disappearance of the Xiao clan."

"..." The lingering voice curled up, and calm was restored here.

In the demon world, above a certain evil sea of ​​demonic energy Once a thin figure stands here, it is just that the fluctuations on his body are extremely evil, and it is the taste of reincarnation.

"This bastard... the demon emperor actually broke the seal?"

"And the two demon towns in the demon world were disintegrated by it!"

"God doesn't wait for me, **** it!" An extremely angry roar emerged, shaking the sea of ​​magic.

He was originally the realm master of one of the five realms under the demon realm. When the demon emperor attacked the Daqian realm, only their realm suffered the most losses. Later, he took the initiative to join forces with the ghost realm Lishun master and the Buddha realm Wuxiangma Zen master, with overwhelming power. I was going to kill the demon emperor, just because the demon emperor possessed an inextinguishable magic formula, so he could only seal it rashly in the end, but the land of the seal contained their magic of the three realms, couldn't it be so easily resolved?

"No... This matter must be discussed with Zen Master Wuxiang Mo as soon as possible. After all, it was our two forces that caused the most serious losses to the Demon Emperor at the beginning. In addition to the replacement of Li Hunyu's dynasty, it is impossible to stand with us. Online..." After he finished speaking, this guy was nonstop, directly using the cover of some monster weapons, and walked towards the Buddha Realm.

In the Buddhist world, there is a very clean temple somewhere.

The overall golden Buddha light emerges in the temple, and the evolution of countless Zen sounds washes away the filth in people's hearts, making people's eyes shine.

"The evil cloud has appeared, and the war is imminent. I am afraid that this prosperous world will not be prosperous for long."

"The poor monk has done many mistakes in the past. If you want to pay for your life, let the poor monk come."

"Amitabha, sin is sin."

In addition, the **** world, the fairy world, the human world, and even the underworld are extremely quiet, and under this quiet twists and turns, some unknown conspiracies are slowly brewing.

full book

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: