Chapter Vol 4 1154: Terrible markup!

"Ten million gold coins?" As soon as Li Qin finished speaking, the entire auction fell into a rare silence. Obviously, these ten million gold coins were a lot of money for them, not to mention that it was only a small amount of money. The reserve price, God knows how high this increase will be.

"Father, we are bound to get this thing."

"If you have the Immortal Spirit Pill, although you won't be able to use it, you will undoubtedly be more confident about what our Yu family will do next," Yu Yi said.

The private rooms have numbers. The private room of the Qing family is undoubtedly number three, while the private room of the Yu family is number two. As for the number one, it is a black robe, which is quite mysterious.

In the No. 2 private room of the Yu family, there are only three people, namely Yu Gan, Yu Yi, and Shutong, the head of the Yu family.

"This first one, we won't fight for it, otherwise the price is quite high. Anyway, we have five, so don't worry." Yu Gan glanced at the increasing price and smiled slowly.

Their purpose is naturally to rush to the finale of this auction. Although the elixir is effective, it is obviously not their main purpose.

"Father, what exactly is the finale of this auction?" Yu Yi looked into the private room, but vaguely found some obscure auras, all of which gave him a feeling of depression, and then he endured it. kept talking.

"The confidentiality measures for the information of the auction items in this auction are extremely serious, even if I know it is not too much."

"But one thing you can know is that the finale is likely to be related to the legendary holy flame." Qingming's eyes narrowed slightly, and when he mentioned the word holy flame, his eyes suddenly became hot. !

His strength is already in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal. Although he is only comparable to the Two Star Fighting Immortal due to the dark disease, but with the strength of the fighting spirit in his body, I am afraid that he is not on a par with the real Three Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse.

And the holy flame is the most powerful flame between heaven and earth. If you can get one of them, let alone the ghost king city, I am afraid that they will all have a place in their Yu family in this East Continent.

"Holy Flame...how could it be..." When Feiyi heard the words, his eyebrows shrank suddenly. Obviously, the prestige of Holy Flame had already been heard.

"Don't worry, let's take a look at the auction of this elixir first. It's about Sheng Yan, we must get it." The next moment, the two of them didn't speak, and quietly watched the elixir that was fired at the sky-high price on the auction table.

There was a moment of silence in many private rooms, and the next moment was to become restless. Obviously, under the balance, they are still ready to start with the fairy pill. After all, in the entire Ghost King City, except for the Yu Family Patriarch Feiyi, all others are strong. All of them are located under the Three Stars Fighting Immortal, and this Immortal Spirit Pill is simply a life-saving straw for them.

"I'll pay 13 million!" From the private room No. 47, there was a rather heroic voice.

"I'll offer 15 million!" And following the bid in the private room No. 47, a rather sharp female voice appeared in the private room No. 50.

"I'll pay 16 million!"

"17 million!"

"..." In a few short minutes, the first Immortal Spirit Pill was auctioned off by the woman in the No. 50 private room at a high price of 19 million gold coins.

"The woman in the No. 50 private room is really a gold owner. This first fairy pill was auctioned for 19 million gold coins. It is impossible to say whether it made a profit or a loss." In the No. 3 private room, Xiao Yan also smiled after seeing the first fairy pill was successfully auctioned.

This first Immortal Spirit Pill is undoubtedly the target of some small forces to loot. After all, the real Yu Qinglei three families have not yet moved. Once the three rich and powerful families start to compete, I am afraid there will be no such thing as these guys.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The first Immortal Spirit Pill was taken by the owner of the No. 50 private room for 19 million gold coins." Li Qin's beautiful voice echoed throughout the auction, the jade hand gently lifted, and the exquisite silver hammer directly Knock down on the auction table, and the symbolic first round of auction ends.

"Next, start the second one."

"After auctioning the five fairy pills in sequence, the next auction item will be launched."

"The second Immortal Spirit Pill is still at the reserve price of 10 million. Please, please." Li Qin seemed to mobilize the anger of the entire auction. It was the power that had not been auctioned for the first one just now, and they all started against the second one.

"Fourteen million!"

"Fifteen million……"

"16 million!" In a short period of time, the powerhouses in the three different private rooms started to increase their prices at the same time.

"Is there a price increase for 16 million?" After watching the three people increase their price, there were not many people in the auction. After all, they came for the finale, and there were still three , not in a hurry.

"One seventeen million." After the audience remained silent, Xiao Yan suddenly spoke slowly.

"En?" And being said like this, the strong man who shot 16 million couldn't help frowning in the private room. After finding out that it was the person in the third private room, he swallowed his breath, after all. Private room No. 3 belongs to the Qing family. In the ghost king city, a small force of his own against the Qing family will undoubtedly lead to his own death.

"Brother Xiao Yan is also interested in this Immortal Spirit Pill?" Seeing Xiao Yan increasing the price, Qing Wen asked with a smile.

"This kind of elixir to restore vindictive energy is exactly what I lack at the moment, so..." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and did not hide it too much.

"Is there a price increase for 17 million?" When Li Qin saw this, she was smiling professionally, her beautiful eyes surrounding her.

"Eighteen million!" And in the second private room, there was a hint of playfulness at the corner of Feather Wing's mouth, and he said with a smile.

"19 million." Xiao Yan also said with a smile.

"Since the Qing family is so generous, this medicinal pill will be cheaper for you." Yu Yi smiled slowly.

"Is there a price increase for 19 million?" Li Qin smiled slowly.

"Ding dong!" The silver hammer gently pressed on the auction table, which meant that this second fairy pill was auctioned by Xiao Yan at a high price of 19 million.

And the third one that followed, was taken by the Yu family with 20 million gold coins. It was obvious that they had just smothered Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan had to return it.

And the fourth one fell into the Lei family and the most mysterious private room with 17 million gold coins.

"Who is the guy in the private room No. 1..." Xiao Yan also seemed to use his soul power to investigate the private room No. 1, but he returned without success. Obviously, although this auction can see each other Appearance, but it blocks the transmission of soul power and even fighting spirit, and you don't need to think about it to know that it is to protect the safety of the auctioneer.

"Five celestial elixir have been successfully photographed, and next, there are some interesting things." Li Qin's beautiful eyes were looking around, and she mobilized the anger of the audience with her soft words.

"What is this second auction item..." As Li Qin said so, the hundreds of private rooms present were staring at Li Qin on the auction table.