Chapter 676: strange things!

"That's how you feel like fighting." Seeing this, Mr. Xiong immediately restrained the disdain in his heart, a dignified expression appeared in his eyes, but without any hesitation, he roared in the sky!

Just after Yangtian Changxiao ended, Xiong Jun's body, which was originally only two meters tall, swelled violently. In a short period of time, it swelled several times and reached a height of five meters. As for the muscles of the hands, feet and whole body, it also swelled to varying degrees. When you get up, it makes people feel terrified at a glance!

"Take it!" Xiao Yan's whole body was extremely bright, and such a terrifying aura had already reached the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

The reason why Xiao Yan used the Heavenly Fire Three Mysterious Transformations is to test whether the Heavenly Fire Three Mysterious Transformations can be improved with the help of the power of the Holy Flame, and secondly, it is also to summon the clan marks when the Heavenly Fire Three Mysterious Transformations are used. The matter is resolved, and it seems that both have succeeded.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let the horses come over!" Xiong Jun suddenly laughed, his voice extremely rough and wild.

"Push it away, the scope of the battle between the two is quite scary." Mu Yingying pulled Qinxin by herself and spoke immediately.

"Okay!" Qin Xin nodded when she heard the words, but although the figure retreated a little, her beautiful eyes were staring at Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan's strength at this time has already been leveraged by the power of the Second Mysterious Transformation of Heavenly Fire, the Emperor Yan Transformation and the Holy Flame Transformation, and his strength has skyrocketed to the level of the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di.

"Tear the wind hand!" In the huge bear paw of Mr. Xiong, several sharp claw marks shot directly at the sky where Xiao Yan was!

As soon as Xiong Jun's voice fell, the sky in front of Xiao Yan suddenly turned illusory, and then a few sharp energy suddenly appeared and rushed towards Xiao Yan!

"Go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan raised his palm slightly, and waved it at the fierce energy. Suddenly, a trace of the splendid Emperor Yan scattered from his body, directly intersecting with the sharp energy!

As soon as the two came into contact, the two powerful forces immediately canceled each other out.

"It seems that your soaring strength also has some strength. Before, I underestimated you." Seeing this, Xiong Jun shook his head.

I have just made a new evaluation of this Xiao Yan. Among the three human beings, two women and one man, this man is the most terrifying. According to Xiong Jun's guess, I am afraid that this human man is comparable to some six-star fighting emperors. A complete powerhouse!

That's why I didn't let the double-headed Yalong take action, so I let myself take the shot directly, in order to be safe. After all, the owner is now carrying out some secrets on the top of Wuliang Mountain, and he decided not to be disturbed.

"Since you don't attack, then change it to me!" Xiao Yan naturally knew that although the Tianhuo Sanxuan Transformation was tyrannical, it was a secret method after all, so there was a time limit. The ruler is back in hand.

"Old guy." The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was back in his hands, and Xiao Yan suddenly felt a long-lost feeling. This feeling was indescribably comfortable, as if it emanated from the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler.

"Pick me up!"

"The flame divides the wave ruler!" Xiao Yan said solemnly, and then the strength of the seven-star fighting emperor in the early stage was suddenly displayed, and then the ancient ruler of different fires in his hand emitted bright rays of light, and a huge ruler hundreds of feet in size showed a bright moon. Usually smashed at Mr. Xiong!

"The attack this time is a bit unbelievable." As Xiao Yan's partner who has cooperated many times, Mu Yingying naturally saw the horror of Xiao Yan's flame splitting the wave ruler this time. Although the previous flame splitting wave ruler was powerful Not weak, but far from the current tyranny, and now Xiao Yan's flame-splitting wave ruler displayed by his skyrocketing strength, I am afraid that the ordinary six-star Doudi perfect powerhouse will be difficult to take!

"It should be because of that weapon. This weapon seems to be a bit special." Qin Xin was also shocked by the huge gap before and after Xiao Yan's strength surged, and then she discovered the secret with bright eyes.

Since this Xiao Yan's strength has skyrocketed to the level of the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, after using the ancient ruler of different fire, it seems like a different person!

"Shabu Shabu!" The huge fire ruler came to Xiong Jun in the next instant, Xiong Jun didn't flinch in the slightest, and there seemed to be a strong expectation in his expression, then his shoulders shook and his feet stomped on the ground, He raised his hands abruptly and tried to use his own strength to forcefully take Xiao Yan's attack!

"This guy really has absolute trust in his own power." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head slightly. Xiao Yan naturally knew that when his strength skyrocketed to the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in a short period of time, he seemed to be in control of Yi Huo Heng. When I was old, I had a new feeling.

"Forget it, I'm afraid I have to go back and ask Old Master Zhu, or the Master Casting Lu in Xuanling City." Xiao Yan temporarily dismissed his thoughts, but the Broken Immortal Sword obtained in the Yin Corpse Forest was also Xiao Yan forgot.

"Boom boom boom!" The fire wave giant ruler suddenly hit Xiong Jun, and the hot fire wave radiated from it, making Xiong Jun's complexion slightly changed, but the next moment, the fire wave was huge. The ruler was actually taken by Xiong Jun with both hands!

Although the hands already smelled burnt, but at best, their feet suddenly dropped a few feet, and there was nothing else!

It's just that after Xiong Jun received Xiao Yan's terrifying blow, all the remaining power of the giant flame was absorbed into his body!

"The strength of this guy is really getting more and more terrifying." Seeing this, the two-headed Yalong and Ye Cat sank slightly. The strength of this Xiong Jun was the last time he was fighting with the Five Elements beasts. At that time, he was far from being as strong as he is now. After several decades, his strength was actually improving.

"Hahaha!"

"Kid, be happy, I haven't had such a happy battle for a long time!"

"Come again!" After Xiong Jun finished speaking, he said with a happy and dripping voice.

"As you wish!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw four terrifying giant rulers burst out from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand!

These four feet are the first four of the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler!

This time the first four can be more powerful than before!

But what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that No matter how he attacked, this Lord Xiong did not fight back in the slightest, he just allowed himself to attack like this.

"Something's wrong, this guy must be planning something." Xiao Yan's eyes moved, as if he knew Xiong Jun's conspiracy.

"Why not?"

"Continue?" Xiong Jun shouted at Xiao Yan, his voice was full of rebelliousness.

"It's still a little bit..." Then Xiong Jun said in a voice that he could hear closely.

"Susu..."

"Mr. Xiong, it's not as good as I wish in the end."

"Hahaha!"

"You idiots, how can you have a share in escaping from Luoling Mountain, you will all be my bargaining chip!"

"This time through the calamity, my strength will reach the level of an eight-star fighting emperor. At that time, Fenxiang Pavilion, you will count us as the grievances and grievances of your captive trial grounds!" Inside the mysterious cave at the top of Wuliang Mountain!

The power of several giant flames that Xiong Jun absorbed just now appeared in the cave in an instant, and then filled the entire cave!

The scorching temperature directly set the two cauldrons containing the magic core and blood essence on fire!

With the help of Xiao Yan, the power of Emperor Yan, the things above the two giant cauldrons melted rapidly, but above the cave, a strange vision was slowly brewing.

Ask for tickets!