Chapter Vol 4 1684: 5-star Douxian mid-term!

Just as the many powerhouses in Li Hunyu were busy dealing with the army of demons of light, Xiao Yan's body was also completely unfolded. It was obvious that it had taken a lot of time to devour the undead fire, and now it was a natural step. The mystery of the space, staying here for a year is only a month outside the outside world. For this reason, Xiao Yan also spent a lot of time, but everything is naturally worth it.

"Hoohoo." Inside the Holy Tan of Undying, Xiao Yan's eyes closed slightly, and the fluctuating breath on the corners of his mouth indicated that Xiao Yan's current state had soared to the limit, so that the light spot of the source of undead fire was even Some other powers have completely disappeared without a trace.

"Boom!" After a while, this giant egg was completely burned by a gray flame, and it was suddenly completely shattered.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, the dome space was instantly shattered, Xiao Yan's figure was sitting quietly as if standing still, with three flames above his head, slowly confronting each other, but these three flames are now without any restlessness, rather Quiet, in this extremely quiet space, the terrifying power that destroys the world and the earth contained in the three flames revolves slightly.

Khaki, teal and...grey!

The three flames quietly surrounded Xiao Yan's head, and every time one of the flames was too strong, Xiao Yan would generate bursts of suction and **** it away to maintain the balance of the three.

"Four years..." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, above the void of the undead saint Tan, Xiao Zhuoma couldn't help but said playfully.

For four years, Xiao Yan has been standing quietly in the small space of the giant egg to absorb the undead fire. Although the undead fire is extremely stubborn, but with the increase of Bing Xuan Dan and the undead leaves, the undead fire is completely swallowed up, and the small Dolma witnessed the whole process with her own eyes, and naturally felt a lot. After all, she would have been unable to hold on to the heart-rending torture.

During this period, Little Dolma didn't leave either, and kept waiting here quietly. A few years were just a snap for her, and four years would be just four months for the outside world.

Four years, for Xiao Yan, was like a white horse passing through a gap, but it was such a long period of time that Xiao Yan completely swallowed the fire of immortality.

"Finally...successful." Xiao Yan's pupils opened slightly, and fiery fluctuations filled his body.

"Congratulations." Seeing this scene, Xiao Zhuoma instantly came to Xiao Yan and said sweetly.

The immortal fire changed hands, and he was enough to regain his freedom.

"The next step... is the really important step." Xiao Zhuoma nodded respectfully, and Xiao Yan didn't hide it in the slightest, and the fiery fluctuations in his pupils became more powerful.

Before swallowing the holy flames such as Huoxin Tianyan, relying on the power of Fen Jue and Shengyan, they gave Xiao Yan a great help. Now the Undying Fire is the best choice in terms of rankings and others. , I am afraid it will become a great help for Xiao Yan.

Whether it is the increase of strength or the evolution of Fen Jue, swallowing the holy flame is an essential part.

"Weng Om!" On the palm of the hand, the gray Saint Flame Crystal appeared slightly, and at that time, the Immortal Saint Tan Void burst out with a very strong sense of crisis.

"Feng Jue!" His eyes became dignified, he held the gray holy flame crystal tightly in his hand, and shouted loudly. Immediately, a rare mist filled Xiao Yan's head, which immediately turned into a golden scroll, floating in the air. On top of Xiao Yan's head.

"This..." Seeing this strange scene, Xiao Yan was also at a loss. In the past, there was no such battle when he urged Fen Jue to devour Sheng Yan.

"This guy..." Little Zhuomadai frowned, her beautiful eyes staring at Xiao Yan who was beside her, the golden scroll gave her a touch of oppression like a real superior, and this oppression is not only oppression The power in her body, even the power of undead fire, and she can feel it, the golden scroll is full of mysterious power, this mysterious power makes undead fire shudder!

"Undying Fire is a holy flame ranked seventeenth, and it is possible to generate such a huge movement with just such a scroll. I am afraid that this guy's cultivation technique has a lot of background." For a moment, Xiao Zhuoma thought.

"Emperor Yan Ring?" After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan also felt relieved. Obviously, this scene is all due to the Emperor Yan Ring. Since it suddenly became restless and made its own move, it devoured the power of undead fire, and was immediately swallowed by Xiao Yan. When he was immortal, he helped Xiao Yan a lot. As for the burning decision in his own body, it seemed to be caused by his special power.

"Forget it, it shouldn't be a bad thing." Xiao carefully sensed the golden scroll in front of him, and found that there was nothing wrong with this thing, and it was completely something that he urged Fen Jue to cultivate.

"Next, is the real highlight." For the time being, without thinking about the origin of the golden scroll and the mystery of the Emperor Yan Ring, Xiao Yan squeezed Sheng Yanjing tightly in the palm of his hand, stared at the golden scroll, and said with a smile.

"Undying Fire is a holy flame ranked seventeenth, don't let me down!" Xiao Yan said, and immediately the surging power in his body permeated.

"Give it to me!"

"Evolve for me!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan's pupils became serious, and the dazzling soul power wrapped himself around him. Immediately, without any hesitation, the gray Saint Flame Crystal threw it directly at the golden scroll.

"This guy... crazy?" Xiao Zhuoma looked at Xiao Yan's crazy behavior, couldn't help biting her silver teeth, and asked in doubt.

"Boom!" The deafening voice continued to sound. When the gray Saint Flame Crystal just touched the golden scroll, all the limbs and even the countless meridians in Xiao Yan's body became restless. An awe-inspiring feeling filled Xiao Yan's body. , making Xiao Yan's pupils shrink tightly, and the pores all over his body shrink involuntarily, as if encountering a great enemy.

"Stop!"

"You will die if you go on like this!" Seeing Xiao Yan's crazy behavior, Xiao Zhuoma couldn't help but feel a sour nose and tears in the corners of her eyes. Although she didn't spend much time with Xiao Yan, Xiao Zhuoma couldn't help it. But he knew that Xiao Yan was by no means an ordinary person. If he fell here like this, I'm afraid...

"no, do not want……"

"This is the way to go..."

"I... I can do it!" Xiao Yan said with difficulty, looking at the beautiful little Dolma who had turned into a red elf and forcefully gritted his teeth.

"Crash!" The gray Saint Yanjing became restless in the next moment, and countless gray flames roared out, completely filling the Holy Tan of the Undying, and Xiao Yan was actually in the center of the sea of ​​​​fire. Those scenes were a little palpitating.

"It's all here... how can you be run away!"

"Give it to me!"

"Evolve me!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan's bloodline became boiling, and the soul power was injected into it. The gray Saint Flame Crystal, which had always been restless, gradually became quiet, and a rare gray liquid immediately smeared into it. Slowly flowing towards the golden scroll.

The golden scroll as a whole looks like a round jade flute, but it contains a total of thirty-six holes. With the appearance of this scene, three of the holes are slowly filled with some liquid.

The khaki liquid, the cyan liquid, and the gray liquid, the three drops of liquid in the three holes are about the size of a finger, but Xiao Yan knows that once these three holes are filled perfectly, I am afraid that he will undergo earth-shaking changes!

At the same time, time passed by every minute and every second, and Xiao Yan's strength suddenly skyrocketed!

The middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals...

Four-star fighting immortal late stage!

...