Chapter 389: A vicious blackmail!

Xiao Yan also stared at the Xuanling King in the sky, and then found that there were wisps of invisible flames around the Xuanling King at this time. The three different fire powers all have some deep fears!

"Could it be that the Xuanling King has devoured the holy flame?" Xiao Yan was also somewhat puzzled, and then murmured.

When I entered the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation outside the Xuanling Imperial Pond, and when I met the last patriarch of the Tianmuyu clan, I vaguely knew that there must be a lot of good things in the underground palace of the Xuanling Imperial Family, among them. There are good things in the sixth floor of the underground palace.

The mother of the fairy bodhi tree!

As for the deeper place, the seventh floor of the underground palace, according to Yu Xuan, is likely to be the place where Holy Flame exists!

Because where is the most strict place in the entire Xuanling royal family!

The strong man it guards is probably also a very terrifying existence.

"I don't look like it. Although the flames around this King Xuanling are not weak, it is not so easy to swallow the holy flame."

"And the flame on his body is really small, and it has nothing to do with the holy flame." Long Yi, who was on the ancient ruler of the eternal fire, also slowly made a sound.

After all, with Long Yi's old-fashioned eyes, it is naturally not difficult to find the abnormality in this King Xuanling.

"hope so……"

"but……"

"The Xuanling Royal Family, I, Xiao Yan, and you have also formed the grievances. If there is a chance next time, I will definitely make you pay a heavy price!"

People don't offend me, I don't offend anyone!

If anyone sins against me, I will sin!

Above the sky at this time, King Xuanling stood in the air, and terrifying fluctuations also radiated from his side.

"Since the matter at the Xuanling Emperor Pond is over, so be it." King Xuanling also said lightly.

"Hahaha!"

"King Xuanling, don't play me like a child!"

"I said!"

"What happened to my disciple in your Xuanling royal family, your dignified king of the Xuanling royal family just wanted to end it so easily?"

"It's too whimsical." Elder Zhu also said relentlessly.

"Bold, King Xuanling is here again, you..." Ye Mo also looked at the arrival of King Xuanling, and heaved a sigh of relief.

Otherwise, just relying on the strength he just entered the Nine-Star Dou Emperor level here today would definitely not be able to stop this Zhu Jin.

"Old Ghost Bamboo, you don't look like the style of Burning Incense Pavilion." King Xuanling also stopped Ye Mo beside him and said slowly.

"Don't use the Burning Incense Pavilion to oppress me. You should have known a hundred years ago that this wouldn't work for me." Elder Zhu also said directly without giving the Xuanling King any face.

"I know, but it's up to the parties involved." After King Xuanling finished speaking, he also pointed the finger at Xiao Yan.

As powerful as the Zhu Jin of the Burning Incense Pavilion, at this time, King Xuanling, even if he combined the power of the two Ye Mo, was still not sure of defeating him.

However, Xiao Yan was different, so he also pointed the finger at him.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was also secretly shocked.

But Xiao Yan also knew that if this old man made such a big move for himself, it would inevitably cause the forces behind him, the Fenxiang Pavilion, to be involved more or less, and he immediately had a plan in his heart.

"Uncle Master, Senior King Xuanling, this incident is a coincidence, I hope the two of you can stop." At the next moment, Xiao Yan also said to the equally well-matched Elder Zhu and King Xuanling.

"That's good." King Xuanling laughed slowly when he heard the words, then stared at Zhu Jin and said, "Old Ghost Zhu, your disciples have said so, so let's just leave it like this."

"I don't care about your trespassing into the forbidden area of ​​our Xuanling royal family, what do you think?"

After King Xuanling finished speaking, he also turned his attention to the place where Elder Zhu was, and then waited for Elder Zhu's answer.

"Humph!" Elder Zhu also snorted coldly, and the next moment, those terrifying thunderclouds in the sky also slowly dissipated, revealing a sky that belongs to thousands of miles of clear skies.

Obviously, Elder Zhu also knew that it would be extremely unwise to fight against the Xuanling royal family at this time.

"Able to bend and stretch, this child is really..." Elder Zhu also said slowly in his heart.

"By the way, Xuanling old ghost, I heard that the auction is only ten days away. Why don't you get three tickets at random. It can be regarded as an apology for my disciple." The next moment, Zhu Lao just took it back. With his own breath, he turned his head suddenly, as if he remembered something, facing Xuanling Wang Dao.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"what?"

"Three?" Ye Mo heard the words and almost spit it out!

The auction held by the Xuanling royal family was considered to be quite a grand event during the entire Xuanling three days, and every time it was held, many treasures flowed out.

It's just that those who want to enter the Xuanling Royal Family Auction obviously cannot be some unknown people, and graduates are also some high-profile characters.

For example, the Zhu Jin in front of him is known as the No. 1 Fighting Formation Master in Xuantian Santian, so the Xuanling Royal Family Auction is also qualified enough to enter the most luxurious auction.

It's just that Xiao Yan and the others don't have such good treatment, because the minimum requirement to enter the Xuanling Royal Family Auction is to have the strength of a six-star Dou Emperor...

Looking around, no matter whether it is Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying or Mu Feng, none of them have this qualification.

However, there is another way to enter the Xuanling Royal Family Auction, then use money to buy tickets!

An admission ticket was sold for a high price of 10 million gold coins!

Ten million gold coins, this is not a small sum, and the annual income of ordinary people is only a few thousand gold coins, which is enough to show the grandness of this Xuanling Royal Family Auction!

"No problem!" The next moment King Xuanling also said very cheerfully. Obviously, this mere 30 million yuan, he has not taken it seriously!

"That's good." After Old Zhu finished speaking, he also went back to where Xiao Yan was.

"Why are you still standing still?"

"Let's go, go back to heal first." Elder Zhu also said plainly.

After speaking, he was the first to leave, leaving Xiao Yan and the three to stare blankly at Elder Zhu.

Is this Elder Zhu really a powerhouse at the peak of the Emperor Dou? Why does he look like an ordinary old man now?

This idea not only appeared in the minds of Xiao Yan and the others, but also in the minds of the surrounding soldiers.

After a brief hesitation, Mu Feng also followed, and Xiao Yan also followed directly holding Mu Yingying.

With the disappearance of Zhu Lao and several others, the entrance of the underground palace is also becoming more serious.

Ye Mo and King Xuanling were also floating in the sky.

"King Xuanling, is this what you did?"

"I'm going to hold a worship meeting!" Ye Mo also snorted coldly, and just after he finished speaking, he also walked towards the depths of the Xuanling royal family!

"damn it!"

"Take one hair and move the whole body, it's all the failure of the **** worship!"

"It's even more troublesome now..." King Xuanling changed his smile just now, and then said in a rather gloomy way, he followed Ye Mo and flew towards the Xuanling royal family.

Ask for tickets!