Chapter Vol 4 1764: Talk and analyze the situation!

"Four Stars Fighting Immortals..." In the hall, there were only Xiao Yan, Cailin, Mu Yingying, Huo Yi Huoyun, and Xiao Yan sat in the first place and muttered slowly.

"Returning to the domain master, the one who is now representing the Star Continent is Lin Qingwen. The leader is Lin Qingwen. He is a royal family in the Star Continent. Although his seniority is far away, he is also a beloved county king." A guard whispered. Pushing the door out, he spoke to Xiao Yan.

"Understood, let's go." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Lin Qingwen... This guy can be regarded as a guy with a good reputation among the royal family of the forest family, but I don't know the meaning of going here this time." Cai Lin nodded and said.

"I'll go out and have a look." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and he immediately left the hall and headed towards the Mountain of Profound Spirit. Only by contacting as an ordinary person can he discover some things that are difficult for ordinary people to detect.

"Sir..." At this time, Lin Qingwen and a few entourages slowly climbed the stone steps from the foot of the mountain towards the manor on the top of the mountain.

"It's really a place with good scenery." Lin Qingwen's slender body looked away, looking at the rather gorgeous Xuanling Mountain range, and smiled.

Although the spiritual energy of heaven and earth is quite lacking here, the scenery here is unmatched by Tianxing Continent.

"Several..." In an instant, a man with a rather plain complexion trotted up the stone steps, came to beside them, and said with a smile.

"No need." Seeing this strange man who appeared suddenly and seemed to be somewhat enthusiastic, the entourage guards beside Lin Qingwen couldn't help showing a hint of vigilance.

"This little brother, are you also here to pay homage to Lord Xiao Yan and Her Majesty Queen Medusa?" Lin Qingwen moved slightly, came to the strange man, and asked.

I don't know why, but this strange man has a looming and rather tyrannical aura on his body, and that aura is even more tyrannical than his own, but unfortunately it is so well concealed that it is extremely difficult for ordinary people to discover.

"Yeah...what are you doing here?"

"Looking at your attire and tone, you don't seem to be from our Xuanling Continent?" The strange man glanced at them.

This strange man is naturally Xiao Yan Qiao Zhuang.

"Little brother really has extraordinary eyesight. We came here because of this, and wanted to meet the rumored Queen Medusa." Lin Qingwen smiled.

"Her Majesty Queen Medusa?"

"Her Majesty Queen Medusa has a lot of time, but not everyone can see it."

"However, there is a statue of the Queen on the top of the mountain, so it's a worthwhile visit to visit." The strange man smiled.

"Little brother is right."

"If that's the case, then don't bother." The voice just fell and the two parted ways.

"Sir, that guy just now?" Xiao Yan had just left, and the guard beside Lin Qingwen suddenly asked cautiously.

"Don't worry, this is the Xuanling Continent, not the Heavenly Star Continent where we are cheating." Lin Qingwen smiled casually.

"There seems to be some weird amulet on this guy." Xiao Yan looked at Lin Qingwen and the others who took the lead in climbing up and disappeared together.

After a while, in the manor on the top of Xuanling Mountain.

"Bump." With a sound, the hall door was pushed open by some attendants.

"My subordinate, Lin Qingwen from the Star Continent, came to discuss important matters on the order of the princess." Lin Qingwen did not bring his entourage, but went to the hall alone, because he knew that this was out of basic etiquette, and he was also very polite. I want to see what the glory of the Xuanling Continent, which has won the praise of the princess.

"Brother Lin is very polite, please take your seat." At this time, Xiao Yan sat in the first place and smiled.

"Presumably this is Lord Xiao Yan, right?"

"The strength at such an age is to reach a state of ecstasy, which really makes me ashamed."

"Queen Medusa is also a powerful person with a fierce reputation..." Lin Qingwen admired the expressions of Xiao Yan and Queen Medusa, adding the looming terrifying aura.

"Brother Lin, you're welcome. The Star Continent has been a fertile land of energy since ancient times. I don't know what's going on this time? So let's talk about business." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Hehe, since Lord Xiao Yan has spoken, then it is better to be respectful than to obey."

"I'm here this time mainly for the life of the princess and to get the full support of the Endless Fire Territory." Lin Qingwen said politely, with a very solemn expression.

"Oh?"

"Princess?"

"Get the support of our Endless Fire Territory?" Xiao Yan heard this, but he was a little puzzled.

"The princess was fortunate enough to practice in the Burning Incense Pavilion. Her name is Qinxin." Lin Qingwen seemed to have anticipated Xiao Yan's doubts and explained.

"Tianxing Continent... is there something wrong?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Tianxing Continent, the royal election is imminent. The three most qualified candidates, including the princess, are now attracting backers. The princess is not very friendly now. If they can get the support of Endless Fire Territory, the election will be successful." Lin Qingwen said .

"Is that so..." At this time, Xiao Yan suddenly laughed.

"Ever since the princess returned from her studies, she has always been thinking about the Xuanling Continent, so even if she was opposed by many members of the royal family, the princess still gave the Xuanling Continent a lot of precious cultivation resources and force..." Lin Qingwen looked Xiao Yan and Queen Medusa said solemnly.

"We know that the princess takes care of our Xuanling Continent, and I will naturally keep it in mind. Unfortunately, my Endless Fire Territory has just been established, so I'm afraid I can't help you." Xiao Yan also noticed the unspeakable hiddenness in Lin Qingwen's words.

"Sir, don't get me wrong, the princess sent me here not to threaten the Endless Fire Territory, but the princess hopes that the Powerless Fire Territory can stand on the princess' side, which will be of great help to the royal election."

"After all, the Endless Fire Territory is also dominated by the Xuanling Continent in the Dou Di Sifang Continent, which should not be underestimated."

"And once the election of the princess is successful, the Star Continent will form an indestructible alliance with the Endless Fire Territory." Lin Qingwen hurriedly explained for fear of Xiao Yan's misunderstanding.

"Qinxin has mentioned this to me several times before..." Cai Lin heard the words and looked at Xiao Yan with her beautiful eyes, waiting for Xiao Yan's decision.

"Since that's the case, it's better to hit the sun if you choose a day."

"Let's set off tomorrow, just to go to the Star Continent and there are a lot of things to do." After Shun Qi, Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Thank you sir!" Seeing this, Lin Qingwen couldn't help but feel the slightest moisture in his pupils.

He was originally from the princess' faction. If he didn't get the support of the Endless Fire Territory this time, I'm afraid there would be a big obstacle to the election of the princess. Once the election fails, these guys will be completely wiped out as a heretic cup without exception.

Now that they have come here on behalf of the princess of the Tianxing Continent, they have received the support of the Endless Fire Territory. For them, I am afraid it is a very happy thing.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.