Chapter 210: Fierce battle, the 10th place in the points looting competition!

"Shhhhhh!"

"Be careful, Yu Hui, who was 10th and Yu Jing, who was 21st in the points grabbing competition, is below." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also quietly pinched the ancient ruler behind his back. The huge soul power is also quietly covering the three people, and the breath of the three people is like disappearing.

The inscription of "Sacred Movement" at Nigongwan, the spiritual power in the body, also quietly pervaded the cave.

"This..." Mu Feng was also extremely excited when he heard the words. It turned out that Xiao Yan was playing this abacus. No wonder he was so eager, and immediately there was a wooden sword in Mu Feng's hand.

"Sure enough..." Yueru also smiled with her lips, and then followed carefully in front of the two of them. It was obviously the first time to do such a sneaky thing, and there was a bit of dullness.

"Big brother, what are we going to do now?" In the cave, Yu Jing said after confirming that there was no one around. However, the two of them are already fishy flesh, because Xiao Yan's huge soul power has wrapped Yueru and Yueru. Mu Feng, so naturally they couldn't find it with their soul power, not to mention their severely injured body.

"The plan now is to recover from the injury first here, and then delay it until the last few days of the points grabbing competition. The real decisive battle should be at that time."

"By that time, it's not too late for us to take revenge." Yu Hui also said resentfully.

"Are there any traces of anyone around here?" Yu Hui also asked, that his younger brother was too careless, so he couldn't achieve great things in the future.

"No one!" Yu Jing also affirmed.

Hearing that, Yu Hui also checked his surroundings, and found that he was sitting cross-legged after finding no one.

"Let's start, it will take a lot of time to recover from the injury." Yu Hui closed his eyes first after he finished speaking, and silver light appeared all over his body, repairing his injured body with traces of moisture.

In the cave, Yu Hui and Yu Jing are doing their best to recover from their injuries. After all, in this corpse forest, only their own strength can protect themselves.

"Yueru, you and Mu Feng will deal with Yu Jing!"

"I'll deal with the remaining ash!"

"Do it!" Xiao Yan's voice echoed in the minds of the two of them!

Just after Xiao Yan's voice was delivered, terrifying power fluctuations also emanated from the cave that was originally exuding a faint silver light!

I saw Xiao Yan take the lead in attacking, and the ancient ruler of Heng Huoheng in his hand slashed heavily towards Yu Hui, and suddenly a tens of feet of light with soaring flames headed towards Yu Hui!

Above the milky white flame, there is a giant dragon constantly circling, its power is more powerful than Xiao Yan's previous display!

Yueru and Mu Feng were not idle either, and they launched extremely strong attacks for a long time!

"Damn, who is it?" Yu Hui also entered a state of vigilance as soon as the turbulent weather appeared, and then pulled Yu Jing up and immediately avoided Xiao Yan's attack!

"Puff puff!"

The conditioning was disrupted, and both of them vomited out a mouthful of blood at the same time!

"Is the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger chasing after him?" Yu Jing also discovered this terrifying attack, and then the attack only required the power of terrifying flames, and also said.

"No, the power of this flame is even hotter than that of the Holy Fire Tiger that day!"

"Be careful, it might be a contestant!" Yu Hui also looked around slightly vigilantly, but helplessly, he didn't find any figure.

Seeing that the blow was fruitless, Xiao Yan also smiled. Yu Hui and Yu Jing, two of the late four-star fighting emperors, even if they are injured now, as the saying goes, a dead camel is bigger than a horse. Not to be underestimated.

"God moving"

"out!"

Following Xiao Yan's shout, a quadrilateral energy also slowly came out of Xiao Yan's body, and then attached to the white scroll in front of him, heading towards the cave!

The next moment covered the entire cave!

The cave at this time was also surrounded by Xiao Yan's formation!

"This isвҖҰвҖҰ"

"Formation!"

"Damn, the attack just now was just a cover up!" Yu Hui said, his pupils shrank tightly, and the only remaining fighting spirit in his body was frantically heading towards the four formation points in the cave!

Try to attack and destroy this formation!

"Since he's here, there's no reason for you to run away, but it doesn't seem like this fisherman is so good..." Xiao Yan also smiled bitterly.

"This formation can only trap the powerhouses of the three-star Dou Di, and it is extremely difficult to deal with these two four-star Dou Di strong. You hold them back and give me some time!" Xiao Yan's brown pupils also darkened. Then an extremely huge power of terrifying flames is slowly brewing in the body.

"Yeah." Yueru and Mu Feng also spoke out. Although they didn't know what Xiao Yan was going to do, from the perspective of this huge force, it was obviously an extremely powerful killing move.

In the cave of dozens of feet, the flame formation was shrouded, and the space and retreat of the entire cave were immediately closed, and then the power of the flames overflowed everywhere, permeating the entire cave, and it was a defensive formation. !

But looking at the white scroll in the center of the formation, there are only 3,000 core inscriptions!

Three thousand Dao, it's okay to deal with the three-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, but it is quite difficult to deal with the two remaining four-star Dou Emperor powerhouses in the late stage.

The three thousand paths at this time were already Xiao Yan's limit. After all, he didn't know how to cultivate his spiritual power, and the spiritual power improvement was quite slow. However, at this time, Xiao Yan was able to condense three thousand core inscriptions, which is obviously the " The benefits that "Soul Seed" brought to Xiao Yan!

"Damn!"

"Who the **** are you guys!" Yu Hui also looked around angrily, attacking the four corners of the formation while shouting into the cave!

In other words, in normal times, even Yu Hui, who is as strong as Mu Yingying, is not afraid at all, but now that the two of them are seriously injured, they have to be vigilant!

And what puzzled Yu Hui the most was that the people who came to attack them would actually set up a formation!

The array mage has been lost for a long time. Even this huge Xuan Santian knows very few formations and can arrange them. Although the strength of this formation is only the strength to trap the power of the three-star Dou Di, but Yu Hui Also the complexion became dignified!

"Yu Jing, take action together, break this formation and run!"

"I always feel that something is not right." Yu Hui also said with fear. Now the two of them are only in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, and the Dou Qi in their bodies is only three or four out of ten.

"Want to run? How can it be so easy." Mu Feng's voice also appeared in the cave, but Yu Hui and the two were trapped by the formation, so they couldn't find Yue Ru and Mu Feng.

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

At this time, Yueru and Mu Feng are also continuously sending huge fighting qi to support the white scroll of the formation yin and yang gossip, the fire of the five elements! increase! "As Mu Feng's voice fell, the aura of the huge formation that enveloped the entire cave was also skyrocketing!

It has actually reached a level that is enough to trap a four-star Dou Emperor powerhouse!

Yu Hui also found that although the strength of the person who shot was good, since he was injured and did not dare to confront him head-on, his strength was also quite weak, so the last trace of fighting qi remaining on the bodies of Yu Hui and Yu Jing was also at a loss. Soar up!

"A mere 3,000-pattern formation also wants to trap me?"

"Just let you frogs at the bottom of the well see the strength of the real powerhouses of the late four-star Dou Di!"

After speaking, Yu Hui and Yu Jing were covered with silver rays of light. Although they lacked stamina, their aura was quickly returning to the terrifying strength of the late four-star Dou Di!

"Minghui finger!"

"Yuanjing Palm!"

As the fingerprints and palm prints of Yu Hui and Yu Jing with terrifying power slammed into the cave formation, the formation shattered!

And Yueru and Mu Feng also spit out blood because of the formation.

Xiao Yan, whose eyes were tightly closed, also suddenly opened his eyes at this moment, and an aura of destruction that the two had never seen before quietly appeared in his hands.

Ask for a ticket~

The school starts the day after tomorrow, and I have to catch the train tomorrow, so the update will be unstable.

There are a lot of things to do at the beginning of the school, and I will add more when it stabilizes!

However, two more every day will not be less.