Chapter 239: Forbidden Bridge!

"Shabu Shabu!"

According to Mu Feng's Taiji gossip technique, Xiao Yan cleverly entered behind the door of the seal.

As soon as he entered the door of the seal, the overwhelming ghost energy suddenly rushed towards his face, which greatly surprised Xiao Yan.

Because the intensity of this ghost energy was like a body of water, Xiao Yan couldn't help but frown slightly.

Then Xiao Yan waved his hands, and he could feel a lot of pressure...

"It really deserves to be the place where the twin ghost emperors are sealed, it's really different..." Xiao Yan was also surprised.

Behind the door of the seal, the space is very huge, but if you look around, there is a slowly flowing river not far away, and above the river, there is a rather magnificent boulder.

"This is..." The Golden Dragon King was also surprised in the ring.

"Master, what is this?" Xiao Yan also asked softly.

"Come closer, it's too far, and I can only vaguely sense it." The figure of the Golden Dragon King also appeared floating, and then his golden pupils stared at the boulder above the river.

"En." Xiao Yan replied softly, then covered his body with milky white flames, and walked towards the river not far away.

The unknown is the most terrifying, so Xiao Yan is also careful to be on the safe side.

Huge soul power instantly covered this space, Xiao Yan found that the river didn't seem to be so simple, and besides an extremely terrifying evil aura above the boulder, there was an even larger force slowly surrounding it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

According to Xiao Yan's guess, the evil aura should be the other half of the twin ghost emperors. As for the even greater power, it should be the seal used to suppress the twin ghost emperors.

After all, Xiao Yan also knew from the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, that all sealed places have seals. , or just relying on strength, the time of the seal is also short.

The power of the two is balanced, so Xiao Yan doesn't have to worry about the twin ghost emperors breaking through the seal suddenly, otherwise the twin ghost emperors will be comparable to the level of a human seven-star fighting emperor, and his own fate will be...

However, it is strange to say that since Xiao Yan entered here, the mourning sound has disappeared without a trace, because Xiao Yan can be sure that when he was outside the door of the seal before, there were indeed some mourning sounds inside, only But I don't know why it disappeared.

"Something seems to be calling me in that boulder..." Xiao Yan raised his head suddenly, his eyes fixed on the boulder, and a spontaneous call filled his heart.

"This place is so weird, be careful." The Golden Dragon King is also saying, this should be the place where the twin ghost emperors are sealed, so it's better to be careful.

Xiao Yan controlled the milky white flame, illuminating the entire space, and he was shocked to discover that in this space, the river was actually black!

And the entire space is divided by this black river, and there is no passage through the river!

This discovery made Xiao Yan also vigilant. His dark brown pupils glanced around slightly, trying to find some clues. Time passed by, but nothing was found.

When he got close, and came to the edge of this black river, Xiao Yan also carefully probed.

The black river in front of him should have a width of tens of meters. The water in the river is dark in color, comparable to that of ghosts, but there is no passage at all here.

When he turned his eyes, he just threw himself into the river, and the white bones appeared at the bottom of the black river!

At the same time, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly!

"This river is really weird!" Xiao Yan also said, obviously when Xiao Yan saw this black river dividing the entire space, he knew that this river would definitely not be so simple.

"Go!" Xiao Yan's dark brown pupils turned slightly, and then under Xiao Yan's control, a milky white flame flew towards the other side of the river!

Because Xiao Yan was standing on the edge of the river at this time, the milky white flame also passed over the river at the next moment.

"Puff puff!"

The terrifying power instantly suppressed the milky white flame. In the blink of an eye, the milky white flame was suppressed and fell directly into the black river like a falling stone.

Then Xiao Yan saw that the milky white flame just fell into the black river and it was instantly extinguished!

Xiao Yan understood the power of this milky white flame, but it was extinguished in an instant. This black river was also full of weirdness.

And it seems that there is something above the black river. As soon as the milky white flame touched the sky above the black river, it was suppressed and fell into the river instantly.

At this time, Xiao Yan was also vigilant. He clearly understood the terrifying power contained in this black river. If he had not been vigilant to test it out, then his fate would also be...

"Damn it, what the heck is this!" Xiao Yan also cursed secretly, although he knew that the treasure should be right in front of him, but Xiao Yan didn't dare to rush forward, so he also cursed.

"Is this the "forbidden waters"?" The Golden Dragon King's golden pupils also moved down from the boulder.

The actions of Xiao Yan just now were naturally seen by the Golden Dragon King, and the Golden Dragon King also seemed to think of something.

"Forbidden waters?" This was also the first time Xiao Yan heard of it, and he immediately lowered his voice. Guangguang knew from the word and his just testing that this would definitely not be a simple thing.

"Forbidden waters, there is a mysterious prohibition that isolates all power. It is a prohibition set up specifically to isolate the power of intruders."

"Forbidden water bridge over forbidden waters!"

"The space above this black river is the "forbidden waters", and above it, no matter how terrifying the power is, they will be like ordinary people, only walking slowly one step at a time. Through this forbidden waters..."

"However, you can summon the bridge of the "forbidden waters" by some means and pass through the bridge." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly, but there was a rare solemnity in his voice.

"Master, don't worry." Xiao Yan also stopped for a while and said, obviously this kind of difficulty had already been realized when Xiao Yan entered this ghost well.

"That's all I know. It depends on the situation. If something goes wrong, just run away!" The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded.

"Prepare first." The Golden Dragon King finished speaking, and then a terrifying wave was instantly displayed, and then attacked into the black river.

It is also strange to say that the attack of the Golden Dragon King did not fall into the black river, and as the power spread in the black river.

"Boom boom boom!"

With the Golden Dragon King's shot, a straight bridge also appeared over the river, illusory and full of danger.

"Is this the "Forbidden Water Bridge"?" Xiao Yan also adjusted himself slightly, then stared at the bridge in front of him.

The whole body of the bridge is transparent and straight, leading from under his feet to the other side of the black river.

"Now that you're ready..."

"Let's go then!" Xiao Yan also stared at the forbidden water bridge in front of him, and without hesitation, he stepped on it abruptly.

Ask for tickets!