Chapter Vol 4 1888: Half-step 8-star celestial fox demon handsome!

The night was always bleak, and in a blink of an eye it was the next day.

In one night, Xiao Yan's fierce and fierce name was widely spread in the Ten Thousand Monster Nation. For a time, countless monsters were looking forward to the showdown between Xiao Yan and the Tianhu monster.

One is the powerhouse who defeated eight demon generals with the strength of the seven-star fighting immortal in the early stage, and the other is the Tianhu demon handsome who is half-step eight-star fighting immortal. This level of battle is extremely attractive in today's critical time. .

the next day.

Early in the morning, before the stipulated time for the battle, the martial arts arena was surrounded by countless monster soldiers, apparently all to watch the battle between the two and arrive early.

"Hoohoo."

"It's really lively." Not long after, Xiao Yan also arrived at the battlefield smoothly.

But today, Jiekong in the battlefield has actually evolved from the original emptiness into a mountain range.

You don't need to think about it to know that this is the handwriting of their insiders. The body of Tianhu Yaoshuai is Tianhu, which has a lot of advantages in this wooded mountain range, but Xiao Yan smiled slightly.

If it is only a half-step eight-star fighting immortal, it is inevitable to fight.

"Since the two of you are here, let's enter." At this time, the figure of the Ten Thousand Demon King slowly flickered out from outside the Douchang Mountains. The figure was rough and contained a touch of unbearable oppression. This level of battle Obviously need him to host in person.

"Hey, I don't know how tall the sky is, I will let you kneel and beg for mercy in a while." Tianhu Yaoshuai snorted coldly, the snow-white tail behind his back kept shaking, and a very stench of special aura permeated his body.

"There's a lot of nonsense." Xiao Yan said calmly, and immediately passed through the energy shield of the battlefield and entered the mountain range specially used for battle.

For a time, a battle between the monsters and handsomes started slowly.

"Are you going to get out by yourself or do you need me to do it?" Just after entering the vast mountain range, Tianhu Yaoshuai's sturdy body slowly overflowed with a dangerous aura. In his eyes, he could clearly detect a trace of contempt and violence.

Obviously, this guy was able to advance to the ranks of the Demon Commander with the strength of the half-step eight-star fighting immortal, because he has the power that he is proud of.

"This sentence is also given to you!" Xiao Yan heard the words, in the originally indifferent eyes, a strong killing intent that could not be concealed, uncontrollably vented out, like a violent beast killing red eyes, which is shocking .

"I'm a little curious, who gave you the guts to provoke me with the strength of the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals?"

"Could it be that you think your weird flames can subdue everything?" The tail of Tianhu Yaoshuai slowly beats behind his back, and every beat carries a trace of icy killing intent, sweeping out.

"What a lot of nonsense!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan's fist, mixed with a fiery red flame, slammed into the void of the mountain range with a punch, and the void suddenly burst, a trace of terrifying energy and flame power, whistling. He smashed at Tianhu Yaoshuai.

"Bang bang bang!" Watching Xiao Yan's random blow, Tianhu Yaoshuai shrank his eyes, his eyes revealed endless awe, but his body stood motionless in the void, allowing Xiao Yan's flaming fist to strike in his own body.

"Tear it." The flame fist hit the Tianhu Yaoshuai, but it did not cause any fluctuations. It just turned into a ripple of energy and disappeared gently. It seems that the physical strength of the Tianhu Yaoshuai has been able to ignore Xiao Yan. a tentative attack.

"Come on with your true abilities, or you will fall here today."

"My Tianhu fights with people, there is only life and death, and there is no victory or defeat." While speaking, Tianhu Yaoshuai's body was filled with scarlet demonic aura, which set off his body extremely fierce.

"Try this!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's Dragon God Transformation manifested, and immediately fell through the void step by step, and walked over to the Heavenly Fox Demon Commander. vented out.

The third transformation of the Dragon God Transformation, the half-dragon arm transformation!

After the breath, a dazzling tortoise-shaped dragon scale appeared on Xiao Yan's arm. Immediately when Xiao Yan exerted the third transformation of the Dragon God to the limit, Xiao Yan's body tensed up and his body strength increased greatly. Even on the arm, the light of the pattern of the underlord is like a real giant in the ocean, sweeping the entire dueling mountain range.

Immediately, a terrifying pressure slowly radiated from Xiao Yan's arm, the smell was like a real giant in the world!

Dragons!

"This power?"

"Dragon scales of the dragon clan?" Countless people outside looked at the dim light on Xiao Yan's arm and the faint dragon pattern, but lost their voices.

Dragons, to a certain extent, are also a kind of monsters, and they are also the top existences among monsters, but because of the particularity of their species, they have been independent long before the war between heaven and earth, and they have become their own boundaries. .

Of course, even so, it can't change the dragon clan's status as a giant in the demon world. Whether it is strength or physical strength, it makes countless monsters stunned.

"This kid turned out to be a little reliant, no wonder he was able to defeat eight demon generals at the same time." At this moment, the contempt on Tianhu Yaoshuai's face slowly dissipated, because it was from the faint light dragon pattern on Xiao Yan's arm. Above the dragon scales, I could smell a real coercion. That level of coercion can only be possessed by the real dragon powerhouses. Obviously, the dragon scales controlled by Xiao Yan now come from the real dragon powerhouses. , This made Tianhu Yaoshuai have to be serious.

"Dragon Transformation Fist!" Seeing Tianhu Yaoshuai's entire body, the snow-white fox tail kept shaking, and waves of scarlet energy wrapped around him, unquestionably showing his half-step eight-star power, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile. road.

The power of the Dragon God's third transformation is enough to allow Xiao Yan to truly unleash a trace of the power of his dragon-scale arm, but before, he only used the hidden fighting skills of the pattern of the underlord.

"Go!" As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan's face was cold The faint light dragon scales on his arm erupted with dazzling coercion, and then suddenly pushed out into the void in front of him, a ferocious circle surrounded by dark light. The dragon shadow swept out and roared out, attacking the demon handsome Tianhu!

"Heavenly Foxtail!" Upon seeing this, Tianhu Yaoshuai took a deep breath. He clearly sensed a trace of real coercion from this attack, but after blinking his eyes, he snorted coldly, and the snow-white fox tail behind him was abrupt. After leaving behind, it expanded rapidly, and the snow-white fluff on the snow-white fox's tail fell off and blessed it on its body, tempering its body like an ancient boulder as indestructible!

"Hoohoho!" Duoguang Longying is naturally Xiao Yan's terrifying power in the third transformation of the Dragon God, and with the help of the power of the tyrant's pattern, just that kind of coercion is enough to truly make the monster beasts. Be moved by it.

"Pfft!" Long Ying wrapped around Tianhu Demon Shuai's body, constantly releasing the pressure of the superior, making Tianhu Demon Shuai extremely hideous.

"Heavenly Foxtail, Thorn!" After a while, looking at Xiao Yan's focused expression, the Heavenly Fox Demon Shuai snorted coldly, the snow-white fox tail floating above his body actually seemed to have life, and countless fluffs stood up in awe, It formed an unusually sharp blade and roared away at Xiao Yan who was close at hand!

"Good come!"

"The pattern of the underlord, the mirage sky!" Xiao Yan saw this, but the corner of his mouth became cold, and immediately the pattern of the underlord on the dragon scale arm released a dazzling light, and countless water currents seemed to be vented, and a streak lifted the sky. The giant screen enveloped Xiao Yan, setting off his aura like a real dragon creature!

At this moment, Xiao Yan's power is extremely tyrannical!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.