Chapter Vol 2 783: scary devil whale

"It's coming out!" Xiao Yan stared coldly at the bubbling sea, and immediately warned.

"Gulugulu!" Xiao Yan and Xiu Qi held their breaths at this moment, watching the sea with vigilance.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, a huge wave suddenly appeared on the sea surface, and along with the wave, a behemoth appeared in front of the two of them.

"This is……"

"Devil Whale?" Xiao Yan stared at the behemoth in front of him in shock and said in a difficult tone.

"Devil Whale?" When Xiu Qi heard the words, she suddenly felt puzzled, but she felt her insignificance from the huge body in front of her that was comparable to thousands of meters!

"Devil whale, it is said that this kind of creature only existed in ancient times. Every such creature is extremely ferocious and bloodthirsty, and it is the representative of killing, and its existence proves that there must be treasures in this ruins, so The Demon Whale is also known as the guardian of the treasure." Xiao Yan explained word by word.

"Furthermore, this demon whale is in adulthood. The strength of an adult demon whale is comparable to that of a human 8-star Dou Di-level powerhouse. This is troublesome." Xiao Yan said bitterly.

"Look first, if you can't, then withdraw!" Xiu Qi knew that if he wanted to enter the three islands with treasures, he had to pass through here, so he couldn't escape from this level.

"Hoohoho!" The demon whale just surfaced, and suddenly roared!

The demon whale has an oval shape all over its body. In front of its body, its fierce eyes exude endless evil. As for the huge tail behind it, it slowly **** the sea water, and the color of its body blends with the surrounding blue sea water. , If you don't look carefully, it is easy to misunderstand it as a pool of sea water.

The plump body is thousands of feet long, and this is only a large part of the body hidden under the sea water. If the entire body surfaced, how powerful and shocking it would be!

"It's you **** humans again!" The Demon Whale made a very angry voice, staring at Xiao Yan and the others fiercely, wishing to devour them all!

"This guy, I'm afraid he has a deep resentment towards humans." Xiao Yan saw that the Demon Whale was furious when he saw the two of them, and he immediately knew the seriousness of the matter and spoke immediately.

"This guy's strength is enough to reach the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, and now he is still in the sea, he has a unique advantage over it, I am afraid that the powerhouse in the middle of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor can't cause any substantial damage to it... "Xiao Yan analyzed slowly.

"Go to hell!" The next moment, the Demon Whale didn't speak, and also spit out a mouthful of blue energy from its huge mouth, attacking the two of Xiao Yan!

"Boom boom boom!" Seeing such dazzling energy, Xiao Yan immediately moved without the slightest hesitation.

The strength of this guy is too terrifying.

"What should I do now?" Xiu Qi had some chances of winning, but now she has gradually lost her confidence, because the terror of the devil whale has exceeded her ability to deal with it.

"Now I can only bite the bullet." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

Although his own strength is higher than that of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and the strength of the Demon Whale has reached the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, Xiao Yan naturally has a way to solve it.

"Can you keep the sea water from touching me?" Xiao Yan asked weakly.

"I'll try my best!" Xiu Qi heard the words and suddenly flashed a bit of solemnity. Obviously, the pressure of the sea water under these three islands is stronger than that of other places. Even Xiu Qi can't guarantee that his wind attribute energy can always be maintained. Isolated from seawater erosion.

"As long as this sea water doesn't touch me, I have some way to solve it." Xiao Yan gave Xiu Qi a reassurance and said.

After all, Xiao Yan found out that if the mysterious sea water touched him together, the power of his own flame would immediately shrink by half. If the sea water was isolated, obviously this mysterious restriction would not be able to appear on Xiao Yan!

"Boom boom boom!" The Demon Whale was extremely angry at this time. He was the guardian of the ruins. The last time the ruins were opened, he also entered a lot of powerful humans, but under his protection, no one stepped into the three. On the island, all those who entered the ruins were destroyed by himself, and the Demon Whale was also quite happy about this.

After all, among these three islands, there are some incredible things. If you hadn't made an agreement with that guy, with the pride of the Demon Whale, you would definitely have to go and take it by yourself!

"Go!" The Demon Whale seemed to be quite disdainful of Xiao Yan and Xiu Qi, and did not use the strongest attack.

No wonder, with the strength of the Demon Whale, it is naturally not difficult to know the exact strength of these two human beings. One is the early stage of the seven-star Dou Emperor, while the other person's strength is only the completeness of the six-star Dou Emperor. Such strength is undoubtedly like a death sentence. .

But it was the arrogance of the Demon Whale that gave Xiao Yan a chance to breathe!

"Huangquan Heavenly Fury!" Facing the attack of the Demon Whale again, Xiao Yan couldn't bear it anymore, his soul strength suddenly increased, and then he launched an extremely terrifying attack on the Demon Whale!

"Crash!" The invisible soul power and the sky-shattering water column of the Demon Whale hit together, and suddenly an extremely beautiful rainbow was emitted in the air!

"Good boy, he is actually a guy with such a terrifying soul power." The Demon Whale was shocked by Xiao Yan's attack on his soul power. For Warcraft, soul power is often the most lethal, but due to some special features, Therefore, it is immune to soul power attacks, otherwise it will also be affected by Xiao Yan's attacks.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's not over yet!" Xiao Yan saw that the Soul Power attack had no substantial effect on the Demon Whale, and immediately shouted angrily. The next moment, when the Soul Attack was terminated, Xiao Yan said in a deep voice~www.mtlnovel. com~ Then the Demon Whale saw that, circles of extremely bright flames suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's body!

"The power of fire?"

"Humans, don't forget that this is the ocean. No matter how powerful your flames are, you will end up killing yourself."

"Fall, this is not the place you should come." The demon whale said disdainfully, and then the huge tail kept flapping the blue ocean.

And with such a shot of the Demon Whale, the normally calm sea suddenly faintly exudes a burst of extremely dazzling water waves!

A water wave with a height of hundreds of meters appeared behind the Demon Whale, and the momentum was surging!

"This guy's mobilization of the power of the ocean is already so terrifying, then the power of the water waves is probably not something that the two of us can deal with..." Xiu Qi controlled his wind-attribute power, and swept the sea water around the two of them. Isolation, on the other side, is always watching the battle situation.

"Let's go back first, this guy..." Xiu Qi seemed to be a little worried about Xiao Yan, and immediately thought of quitting.

"I'm afraid it's too late to retreat now."

"so……"

"We can only fight!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth slightly. With the strength of his soul, it was not difficult to find that there were not only some special features of this ocean on the hundreds of meters high water waves behind the Demon Whale at this time. The power was also added to his own power by the demon whale. The combination of these two powers, I am afraid that the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Eight Star Dou Emperor can only temporarily avoid the edge!

Ask for tickets!