Chapter Vol 4 852: parted ways

"Senior, they are my companions, I don't know if they can..." Yueru said to Yutu the next moment. As for her companions, they were naturally Xiuqi.

According to Yueru's own thoughts, she has the inheritance rune of Fairy Moon, I am afraid that the jade rabbit in front of her will give her some help.

But what Ling Yueru didn't expect was that this Jade Rabbit refused to give any face at all and refused.

"Are you questioning what I said?" Yutu said slightly, obviously not taking what Yueru said to heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Yutu knows the importance of this inheritance rune, but if he wants to inherit the inheritance of Fairy Moon Moon, he has to deal with the two foreign evil races first, otherwise everything will be empty talk.

Moreover, if Yueru hadn't possessed Fairy Moon's inheritance rune, I'm afraid Yutu would have killed them all without hesitation.

"Don't worry about us, we are in other places in the palace, the three of you just go in." Xiu Qi said.

With the existence of Xiao Yan, I am afraid that the inheritance can be successful to a great extent, so Xiu Qi is not overly worried.

"I'll do my best." Xiao Yan heard that and immediately said something to Xiu Qi, he also knew. At this time, I can only rely on myself to help Yueru.

"The girl Yueru is usually very stubborn. Whether she succeeds or not, I hope you will bring her back safely." Xiu Qi hesitated for a while, and then spoke up, but this voice was obviously only heard by Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, obviously not knowing why Xiu Qi said that.

"You don't have to wait for me. If the ruins are closed, just go out first." Before leaving, Xiao Yan did not forget to entrust Qin Xin and a few others. After all, the inheritance of the ruins would probably take a lot of time.

"Yes." After Qinxin and his party agreed, they headed towards the other exits in the Jade Rabbit Hall. Looking at the appearance, they were obviously going to go to other places to see if there were any treasures.

But what many powerhouses do not know is that at the other end of the passage, there is a terrifying existence comparable to the powerhouses of Fighting Immortals.

"Since the order is ready, let's go." Yutu said directly to Xiao Yan and the three.

"Let's go." The three of Xiao Yan looked at each other and immediately followed, but Xiao Yan smelled some dangerous aura from the three of Gunny who had just left, but they didn't take it seriously. It was these three people who became the biggest obstacle to the inheritance of the last relic.

"Shabu Shabu!" A very strange silver light appeared on Yutu's body, and immediately enveloped Xiao Yan and the three of them. Xiao Yan only felt that the silver light was not of ordinary lightning properties, but more like the power of moonlight, which was extremely gentle. , but there is a hidden murderous intention under mildness, but Xiao Yan and the others will naturally not ask more about the strength of this jade rabbit as powerful as the nine-star fighting emperor.

"Senior, where are we going?" After a while, Yueru suddenly said, because Yueru felt that they had been separated from Qinxin and her group for a long time, and they were still moving at high speed in this silver light. , which made Yue Ru a little surprised.

"Don't worry, if I wanted to do something to you, I'm afraid the three of you would have..."

"Besides, there is one thing you think is right."

"The fighting spirit really isn't here."

"The fighting spirit is in the position where those people just left."

"That guy in Douhun has a lot of resentment towards humans, I'm afraid those guys will end up..." Yutu smiled slightly.

"This woman is really yin." At this moment, a trace of displeasure appeared on Xiao Yan's face. Obviously, if he faced Dou Soul, he would have the possibility to subdue her, but now Dou Soul was not in the depths of the palace. He was brought to the place of inheritance by this **** jade rabbit, so there is no doubt that there is no relationship.

"Forget it, inheritance is still important." After a little struggle in his heart, Xiao Yan also understood that he had obtained enough from this ruin. If you are joined by other powerhouses, you will be in big trouble.

Now that there is the attraction of fighting spirit, naturally no one else competes with Xiao Yan and the others for inheritance, and this is also a good time to obtain inheritance.

And just as Xiao Yan and the others were rushing towards the depths of the palace, the other strong men also encountered something.

"That Xiao Yan, I don't know what kind of **** luck, was actually taken by Yutu to the depths of the ruins."

"I'm afraid there is inheritance and fighting spirit somewhere."

"I'm not reconciled." Some strong men couldn't help but speak.

Moreover, when he thought of all the things that Xiao Yan had spent in the ruins, he was quite displeased.

This guy, He De He Neng, actually lived so many good things, and they worked so hard, they didn't get much good.

Although there are indeed other powerful heaven and earth treasures in this palace, compared with the inheritance of the soul suction power, it is nothing short of nothing.

"I always feel wrong."

"The Jade Rabbit was supposed to be on Jade Rabbit Island, but now it appears in this palace."

"And I don't know if you remember, when Xiao Yan and the others first stepped into the sea, they were attacked by a powerful beast, and the beast has never been seen." Xingtaki suddenly spoke to Xiaobi beside him.

"And according to my divination, the fighting spirit doesn't seem to be in the depths of the palace, but rather in the palace in front of us." Hoshitaki continued.

"People in the valley of astrology, you can't talk nonsense."

"The fighting spirit can be said to be the biggest treasure in the entire ruins. If it wasn't deep in the palace, where would it be?"

"How could it be in front of us?" Meng Fei on the side said with a sullen face This time, when he went to the ruins, Meng Fei swore that he would bring back the fighting spirit, but now it is good, come here In the depths of the ruins, the fighting spirit was in sight, but it was intercepted by the jade rabbit.

Meng Fei hated this in his heart, but in the face of a nine-star Dou Di-level powerhouse, Meng Fei didn't dare to be impulsive, otherwise, if he was careless, he would anger others, and if others killed him directly, it would not be worth the loss.

"Ai believe it or not." Seeing this, Hoshitaki snorted coldly.

For these people, Hoshitaki didn't plan to have too much communication with them.

"The divination in the Astrology Valley is extremely effective. Is the fighting spirit really not in the depths of the palace, but on our way?" The next moment, Guni hesitated after listening to Hoshitaki's words.

His master, who is now the Solomon Sect Master, secretly handed him some things, in order to bring back the fighting spirit, then his master's half-immortal-level strength will be greatly improved, and then the cooperative relationship with that force will come. , will undoubtedly surpass the Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that the entire Xuan Santian can't help their Solomon.

"It seems that these guys are also prepared." Wang Xie glanced at Qi Haoqing and Guni beside him, and found that they were surrounded by a mysterious power that he could not see through.

"Go, go and have a look!" After a while, Song Yue and Feng Hong directly took the lead and walked forward.

And as these people walked, the road ahead suddenly became brighter, and even the breath became slightly darker.