Chapter Vol 4 1379: A lost legacy! (Come on for the college entrance examination!)

"Lei...Emperor Lei Hong?" Outside the cemetery, the phantom eyes shrouded in darkness suddenly solidified, and then his eyes fixed on the blurry figure in the cemetery, and a shocking voice suddenly sounded.

"Is the ghost family..."

"The mere ghost family dares to break into my territory... It's really crazy." A faint smile appeared on the corner of the blurred figure's mouth, and then on the hill cemetery, countless tombstones emerged with a trace of strange thunder. Power, and then slowly condensed under the gaze of the three of you, and at that time, an incomparable overlord atmosphere slowly manifested.

"not good!"

"Fast back!" Perceiving this scene, Rao Yi Youhuan's tyranny couldn't help but retreat again and again.

"Leimang!" A majestic voice resounded throughout the whole world. Immediately, in this piece of sky, countless thunder powers attacked the surrounding dark space, and the momentum was strong enough to be appalling.

"Gululu." The three of Youhuan originally wanted to enter the tomb of Emperor Leihong by attacking, completely destroying his last strength, and thus start a complete war with the sword-forging Thunder Valley, but where did he think that this Emperor Leihong actually He also left a hand, and was chased by this dazzling thunder force and fled everywhere, extremely embarrassed.

"Enter my tomb, after all, my strength is limited." Looking at the ease with which You Huan was temporarily repelled, the fuzzy Raikage spoke softly, and there was a gentle voice in his voice, whether it was for Xiao Yan is still forging Qifei.

"En." The two of Xiao Yan nodded lightly, then glanced at the periphery, and after confirming that Youhuan and the others could not escape for the time being, they also headed towards the top of the hill surrounded by Thunder Road.

The space at the top of the hill is slightly distorted, as if it has an extremely tyrannical prohibition.

"Pfft."

"What a tyrannical coercion." Xiao Yan and Duo Qifei had just stepped on the top of the hill, and suddenly a bone-piercing thunder force continuously impacted their bodies, making their faces extremely ugly. Attacks of this level still put a lot of pressure on their two two-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouses.

"Weng Om!" In the next moment, a touch of gray thunder power continued to emerge from the two of them, and then they felt a lot better. As for this gray thunder power, it was the power of the Thunder Lord.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the figures of Xiao Yan and Duo Qifei suddenly disappeared into the top of the hill under the wrapping of the gray thunderbolt.

"Crash." The moment they turned around, the figures of the two suddenly appeared, and it was already a different look.

"Zizi!" A strong and powerful silver thunder roared around the wall, seemingly tyrannical, but in fact guarded here.

"This is..." Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, as if he had sensed something.

"The place where Emperor Leihong rests." At this time, Duo Qifei was unusually calm, but his beautiful eyes glanced around slightly.

This is an incomparably huge space, there is no decoration in the space, some are just a huge gossip formation in the center, and in the center of the gossip formation, a bronze coffin stands quietly in it. , forever and ever. , an extremely terrifying force, slightly diffused out.

"This is... the place where Emperor Lei Hong fell?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask while looking at the huge space.

"It shouldn't be wrong."

"Outsiders only know that there are many opportunities in the Thunder Tomb, but they don't know that the Thunder Tomb is actually the resting place of our Eastern Continent powerhouse, and among them, the Great Emperor Lei Hong is the representative."

"And we forge the Thunder Valley, only my father has an entrance to the tomb of Emperor Leihong, so we can enter here, I am afraid it is a coincidence." Du Qifei said with a beautiful eye.

"What's so mysterious about Emperor Lei Hong?" Although Xiao felt that the background of Emperor Lei Hong's identity was not simple, he still asked.

"Emperor Leihong has a lot of methods of sealing evil, and it is said that Emperor Leihong once left some treasures in the Lei Tomb, and even the younger generation used it to suppress the evil tribes outside the territory."

"I just don't know if this senior's inheritance is still there..." At the end, Du Qifei also stared at Xiao Yan with beautiful eyes. Obviously, Xiao Yan would be an extremely qualified inheritor.

"Since that's the case, let's start to see what the mystery is here." After some discussion, Xiao Yan probably understood the ins and outs of the matter, and immediately said.

"Well, but everything still needs to be careful."

"And because of the power of thunder in my body, whether this thing is good or bad, I can't touch it." Duo Qifei shook his head and said, Emperor Leihong and Leizhu are both strong thunder attribute, but who is stronger or weaker? know.

"Then leave it to me."

"Senior... offended." Putting his hands together, Xiao Yan muttered silently.

"Crash!" The next moment, Xiao Yan stepped forward and walked towards the bronze coffin in the center of the Bagua formation.

"Be careful, this gossip formation is definitely not easy." Duan Qifei couldn't help muttering while watching Xiao Yan's actions.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, his dazzling soul power was slowly mobilized to form tyrannical defenses around him, and only then did he approach the edge of the gossip formation and carefully study it.

The gossip formation was shaped like a huge disc, originally bleak, but as Xiao Yan approached, strange rays of light continued to emerge above the disc. Through the huge soul power, Xiao Yan was impressed. It turns out that these rays of light are actually dazzling thunder powers, and even these thunder powers are densely packed with tiny runes, surging strangely. Those runes are like the most pious guards in the world, guarding the bronze coffin!

"How should this be done?" Xiao Yan was also lost in thought for a while Obviously, this gossip formation is not so easy to break.

"Qiankun gossip, yin and yang borrow the law!"

"Break it for me!" The next moment, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan started muttering, and then tyrannical breaths slowly permeated from Xiao Yan's body.

And with the appearance of the Soul Eater, the originally indestructible gossip formation actually showed an atmosphere of being suppressed by the superior, and instantly slumped.

"This... it's gone?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being a little stunned when he realized that Soul Eater Master had completely cracked the gossip formation so easily. The identity of the Lord, so I was not too surprised.

"In this bronze coffin...what is there..." As the gossip formation was deciphered, he smiled and felt a fiery heart in his heart, and slowly walked towards the bronze coffin.

"Cut... It turns out that the inheritance has already been taken first..." And the Master of Soul Eater couldn't help but whispered when he saw Xiao Yan's appearance.