Chapter Vol 4 1386: Ming Ze Demon Eye!

"Ah ah ah!" You Huan originally thought that the victory was in his hands, but at the last moment, his left arm was completely shattered by Du Qifei's final blow.

"Buzz!" Beneath the phantom black robe in the sky, the black arm was like a mass of black air, which was completely chopped off by the blood-red and demon-colored Lei Di scepter in Duo Qifei's hand, and then fell to the ground. above.

On the arm, countless mourning sounds are heard endlessly. Obviously, this arm has absorbed a lot of human power.

"Xiao Yan!" At this time, there was an extremely ferocious look in You Huan's eyes. It was obvious that he was struck by Lei Di's scepter, and he suffered a lot of damage to his origin.

"Fire Heart Heavenly Rock!" Although Xiao Yan was using his huge soul power, he couldn't care less about it at this moment. The majestic khaki flame, like a volcanic eruption, emerged directly from Xiao Yan's body. , and then under everyone's attention, directly wrap half of the arm completely!

"Little chops!"

"You dare!" Until this time, a chill appeared in You Huan's pupils, and it was obvious that he had underestimated Xiao Yan and Du Qifei from beginning to end.

"Do it!" Duo Qifei said in a sullen voice as she endured the severe pain from her body.

"Destroy it to me!" A hysterical roar suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth. Immediately, the phantom left arm was directly wrapped in khaki flames. After a while, the doctor's body wailed and screamed. , after a while, it completely turned into a powder and disappeared into this space.

"Little chops!"

"Little chops!"

"Little bastard!" Seeing that his left arm was directly slashed by Duo Qifei, and was completely wiped out by Xiao Yan's use of holy flame power, under the phantom black robe, a violent aura like a demon suddenly spread out. .

"Pfft." With a sound, the Thunder Emperor scepter in Duong Qifei's hand also regained its original luster, and then the Dou Qi in his body quickly flowed away and shot back towards the ground.

"Are you alright?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan caught her with a stride, but he could sense that the speed of the fighting spirit in his body was staggering. Obviously, the slash just now was powerful, but the price was too high. .

"I... I'm fine." Du Qifei forced a smile and said.

"Using the Thunder Emperor's scepter to fight against the four-star Dou Xian powerhouse, it really is a bit reluctant." The next moment, Xiao Yan looked at the ghost in the sky in a state of rage, and murmured.

"Let's go first." After struggling for a while, Duqi Feibei said with a light bite on his lips.

"Don't worry, you don't need to use that thing yet." Seeing Duan Qifei's appearance, Xiao Yan's heart softened, but a majestic fighting spirit permeated out.

Youhuan is tyrannical, but he has as many as three holy flames on his body, which is enough to resist the Thunder God Scroll and many means of the five-star fighting immortal powerhouse. Although the odds of defeating them are slim, it is not difficult to escape.

"Follow me for a while." The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes became heavy, and he whispered to Qian Ying in his arms.

"But... what about the other participating disciples?" Duan Qifei frowned slightly as he seemed to sense the dazzling power that suddenly burst out of Xiao Yan's body.

Even if they can escape from here, but can't crack the three four-star fighting immortals, then Lei Tomb's mortal situation is still impossible to crack.

"I have my own countermeasures." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and then said slowly, through the induction of the Soul Eater, it seemed that a certain almighty was rushing towards him, and the aura of this almighty was in harmony with the forging. Qi Fei has the same effect, and she should be the most powerful person in the Thunder Valley.

"En." After struggling for a while, Duo Qifei nodded slightly, even if she didn't even know that Xiao Yan existed, no matter how difficult it was, it seemed to be extremely easy.

"Little chops!"

"You all suffer!" Above the ghostly body in a state of rage, the power of the dark blue slowly disappeared, and it was replaced by a strange light of emerald green.

The emerald green light is still full of evil power, but this evil power is several times more tyrannical than the faint cyan light just now.

"Arrogant..."

"However, this power is just trying to kill us, and it's still short of the fire." Xiao Yan hugged Du Qifei, and the fighting qi in his body continued to nourish Du Qifei's exhausted fighting qi sea, and the soul power of the spiritual palace in his body was like a tide. Generally frantic.

"A sharp-toothed boy!"

"Let's see how you deal with it..."

"Susu!" Seeing Xiao Yan and Duo Qifei looking like this, bursts of sneers erupted under the mysterious black robes, and then the emerald green evil aura filled the space abruptly. At the center of the space, there seemed to be something evil. The thing is extraordinarily enchanting like the birth of a demon.

"Interference fighting skills!"

"Eye of Gaze!" Xiao Yan was not hiding and tucked when he noticed that You Huan was condensing a fatal blow. His dazzling soul suddenly mobilized, and then in this space filled with emerald green aura, a pair of transparent The giant eyes slowly emerged.

"Weng Om!" The staring pupil just appeared, and immediately attacked the ghost with overwhelming invisible fluctuations.

"Damn...what kind of power is this?" And while You Huan, who was mobilizing the fatal blow, was interrupted by Xiao Yan's interference fighting skills, the emerald green aura suddenly became scattered, and even the evil aura under the black robe was blocked by Xiao Yan. The eyes of the flaming gaze were extremely confusing.

"Sir, are you alright?" You Zun and Huan Zun looked at You Huan sluggishly, obviously they couldn't figure out why the two, who were enough to kill with one blow, had such a strange means to get You Huan extremely embarrassed.

"Interfering with soul skills!" At the next moment, Youhuan's body suddenly shook, and the emerald green aura disappeared in an instant, but at this time, a one-eyed slowly floated in this space, and above the one-eye, a heart-throb Mysterious fluctuations, constantly wriggling.

"What a tyrannical interference fighting skill." Duan Qifei, who was in Xiao Yan's arms, replied slightly, and couldn't help muttering.

"I didn't want to use this trick at first, otherwise people would say that killing chickens with a bull's knife..."

"But this is what you forced me." A frantic wave suddenly came out from under the ghost's body, and the ghostly blue pupils suddenly expanded rapidly in the dark space at a speed visible to the naked eye. After a while, it was the same size as Xiao Yan's staring pupil!

"Eyes..." Xiao Yan and Du Qifei exclaimed at the same time Obviously, an attack of this level would be a disaster for the two of them.

"Ming Ze Demon Eye!" A loud roar grew into the entire sky, and then Xiao Yan's interference fighting skills also shattered in an instant.

Although the interference fighting skills are tyrannical, the interference fighting skills are also useless under the absolute disparity of strength.

"Fall down!"

"Susu." Mingze's magic pupil is about the size of a human eye and only has one eye, but at this moment, a dark blue evil beam of light is releasing waves of death energy.

At this moment, the eyes of Xiao Yan and Duan Qifei were also completely frozen. I am afraid that this level of attack is not something they can handle!

. Mobile version update fastest URL:

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!