Chapter Vol 2 773: A must!

"Xiao Yan..." At this moment, Yue Ru was full of thoughts, she stood blankly on the spot, her eyes staring at Xiao Yan's body slightly.

He became thinner and stronger.

Yueru doesn't know what Xiao Yan has experienced in the past few years, but there is no doubt that Xiao Yan's body has lost some weight, and his strength has also increased a lot. Obviously, he must have suffered a lot.

"Yueru, why are you here?" Xiao Yan gestured to Wang Chen slightly, then Wang Chen didn't say anything, just laughed, and then disappeared directly into the Burning Heaven Territory.

Now that Xiao Yan is here, he doesn't need him anymore, so he can be lazy.

"I'm here to find you..." Yue Ru hesitated the next moment.

Although I won the master's approval, as a girl, I can't say that I came to Xiao Yan for the ruins, right?

And only Yueru knew that it was false to come to Xiao Yan with the excuse of cultivation, but it was true after thinking about him.

"Let me tell you." As an outsider, Xiu Qi naturally knew Yue Ru's situation, and immediately said to her.

Following her senior sister's relief, Yueru breathed a sigh of relief and cast a grateful look at her.

"The strength of this woman..."

"So strong!" This was Xiao Yan's first comment on Xiu Qi!

Just such a face-to-face meeting made Xiao Xiao feel a unique pressure on Xiu Qi. Xiao Yan could only feel this pressure from Zhu Yuan. This shows that the laughing woman in front of him is also a seven-star fighting emperor. of the strong.

"I heard that you and Yueru are old acquaintances, and you promised her back then that you would find you when your strength reaches the five-star Dou Emperor's successful breakthrough."

"No, we're here now, what are you going to do?" After Xiu Qi finished speaking, she stared at Xiao Yan slightly, looking forward to what Xiao Yan would do.

"This..." Xiao Yan was suddenly at a loss.

"Forget it, I won't tease you, Yueru's situation is a bit special, this time I came to you, mainly to pull you into our camp, and this time in the ruins, if it can help Yueru get a complete inheritance smoothly, I want the misunderstanding between our Wanhua Pavilion and your Burning Incense Pavilion to disappear." Xiu Qi said.

"Let's go, let's talk about where I live first." Xiao Yan smiled and said immediately after hearing this.

Others come all the way to look for help, but I can't let others talk about things in the sky.

"Let's go!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he gestured towards the Fenxiang Pavilion and wrote it down, and then the Fenxiang Pavilion no longer rejected Xiuqi and the other two.

When Xiu Qi and Yue Ru saw this, their evaluation of Zhan Ji became higher.

After a while, the three of them slowly came to Wuzhuju. At this time, there was no one in Wuzhuju. Obviously, they all went to practice.

"Okay. Let's talk about anything." Xiao Yan came to his residence and immediately said to Xiu Qi and Yue Ru.

"This time, I have already obtained the approval of our pavilion master and your pavilion master of Burning Incense."

"I hope your kid will help Yueru obtain a complete inheritance."

"Because this is not only about the affairs of our second pavilion, but also about Yueru's life and death." Seeing that there was no one around, Xiu Qi immediately raised her voice.

"Life or death?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words. He had never heard that the inheritor could still have a relationship between life and death.

"I don't need to lie to you. If you don't believe me, you can ask your little Yueyue yourself." Xiu Qi said coldly.

"Senior sister." Being called out by her senior sister in front of Xiao Yan, Yueru immediately became a little depressed and snorted.

"It's alright, alright, I'll go out and get some air, the two of you will talk slowly." Seeing that she wrote about her little junior sister, Xiu Qi couldn't say anything more. Anyway, the purpose of her trip was to protect Yueru. Obtaining a complete inheritance is obviously Xiao Yan's business.

"In the past few years, how are you..." Yueru slowly opened her mouth to face Xiao Yan when she saw Xiu Qi leaving.

"How is your internal body?" How could Xiao Yan not know Yue Ru's thoughts, but Xiao Yan is already married, so he can't harm others, so he immediately diverted his attention.

"Ah?" When Xiao Yan asked this, Yue Ru was immediately confused.

"This time, the ruins are said to be related to your inheritor's secret. Don't worry, I will do my best to help you." Seeing that Yueru was a little stunned, Xiao Yan smiled immediately.

"Yep."

"Your strength seems to be a bit strong..." As a little girl, Yueru naturally didn't have as much experience as Xiao Yan, so she didn't know what Xiao Yan was thinking, and she didn't have much thought, so she cared about Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Six Star Dou Di is complete." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Ah?" Next month Ru Zaidu exclaimed.

The Six-Star Dou Di has been consummated?

Did I hear it wrong?

I remember that when Xiao Yan was in the Yue family, he was only so powerful. I haven't seen him in the past few years. He actually broke through the six-star Dou Emperor and reached a complete success. This strength is stronger than his father's.

"So strong." Yueru said slightly.

"Hey, don't worry, if you are an inheritor, if you get a complete inheritance this time, I'm afraid your strength will soar like a rocket. I can't keep up with you." Xiao Yan comforted.

"I hope." After Yueru finished speaking, she stopped talking and just stared blankly at Xiao Yan.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't speak out, and let Yueru watch.

Outside the door, Xiu Qi was walking around, but it happened to bump into Xiao Yi who came back.

Xiao Yi has also been running to the training ground a lot recently, just to hone her actual combat experience.

"Who are you?"

"Why is it in our Wuzhuju?" Xiaoyi just saw Xiuqi, although she was attracted by Xiuqi's beautiful appearance, but the next moment she became vigilant.

"So strong!" Although Xiu Qi was extremely free and easy, when she saw Xiao Yi, she was also full of love and pity. There is such a handsome man in the world.

But the next moment, Xiu Qi realized something was wrong, this Xiao Yi's strength is actually stronger than himself?

In general sects those who have reached the strength of a seven-star Dou Di have the qualifications to become a teacher. As for the strength of an eight-star Dou Di, they will be promoted to deacons or elders, and it is impossible to be a disciple.

But Xiao Yi's appearance is clearly a disciple of Fenxiang Pavilion, but this guy's strength is actually stronger than some of their elders in Wanhua Pavilion, which makes Xiu Qi extremely puzzled.

"I'm just a passerby." Xiu Qi said.

"Passing by?"

"I think it's someone with bad intentions?"

"Look at the trick!" After Xiao Yi finished speaking, she shot immediately, and the general Xiu Qi who knew the picture was subdued.

"Wait, I'm Xiao Yan's friend." When Xiu Qi saw that Xiao Yi couldn't help but take action, she immediately spoke angrily.

"Xiao Yi, they are all a group of people." Xiao Yan said at the moment when Xiao Yi attacked.

"Uh..." Xiao Yi immediately apologized to Xiu Qi in embarrassment when she heard the words.

"You guy, it's really rude to do it without a second thought." Xiu Qi said in dissatisfaction.

"It's not my fault, who asked you to come out of our residence?"

"People who don't know think you're a little thief..." Xiao Yi whispered.

"What did you say..." Xiu Qi got angry when she heard the words, and chased after Xiao Yi, which was quite lively.

"These two guys." Yue Ru and Xiao Yan continued to chat about some topics in the room.

Ask for tickets!

Today is the same seven shifts, can you ask for a ticket and a reward for your support?