Chapter Vol 4 1256: The might of the fighting spirit!

"Boy, I'm tired of playing..."

"It's time for you to go down and accompany my fifth brother." Looking at Xiao Yan who kept running away in the sky, after a while, Ye Yunqing, the third elder of Kuye Zhai, slowly revealed a sinister smile.

"Huhu..."

"It's time to end the cat-and-mouse game." Xiao Yan heard that, he also stopped running away and slowly stood in the void, but in his body, a tyrannical aura like the awakening of a sleeping dragon was coming. With a thunderous momentum, Xiao Yan's body was slowly filled.

"There seems to be something in this Lord Xiao Yan's body..." The injured Rain Sect powerhouses also gathered around, and through the pressure in the void, they could clearly discover the horror in it.

"Hahaha."

"Just a joke, how do you fight with me as a brat in the early stage of the Two-Star Fighting Immortal?" Ye Yunqing's brows and eyes widened at Xiao Yan's words.

The difference between the three-star Dou Xian early stage and the two-star Dou Xian early stage is no joke.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The water attribute is indeed tyrannical, and it also restrains my fire attribute, but as long as the purity of the flame is high enough, it is not water that overcomes fire, but fire that overcomes water!" Xiao Yan laughed.

What Xiao Yan said is not without reason.

The five elements are restrained by the same energy. For example, under the same energy, water restrains fire, but if the energies of water and fire are different, then it will be different.

The cultivation of Dou Xian also has the effect of increasing the purity of the attributes, but compared with the holy flame, it is nothing compared to that.

Sheng Yan has brought Xiao Yan's fire attribute to a higher level, but it is rude to say that if it is only based on attributes, if you want to use the attribute purity to use water to restrain fire, unless the strength reaches four stars or more, the water attribute is strong. Otherwise, it would be impossible to suppress the attributes of Xiao Yan after using the power of holy flame!

"Boy, I think you're scared out of your head."

"If that's the case, then die!" Ye Yunqing was too lazy to talk nonsense with Xiao Yan. After all, in his eyes, no matter how talented or evil Xiao Yan was, he was just an ant in his own hands that could be pinched to death at will.

"Boom!" The water dragon roared, with a vicious aura like a poisonous snake, and shot directly at Xiao Yan.

"It's a good time... Since you don't believe it, I'll let you take a good look today." Xiao Yan laughed loudly, without any intention of evading, he slowly opened his hands and made an appearance of waiting to die.

"Hahaha, boy, it doesn't feel good to wait for death, right?" Ye Yunqing was naturally not afraid of Xiao Yan's tricks, after all, the absolute gap in strength was there.

"Lord Xiao Yan!" Seeing this, the other Rain Sect powerhouses became nervous. Obviously, Xiao Yan was able to use his strength in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian to obliterate the five elders in the later stage of the two-star Dou Xian. The real Samsung Fighting Immortals, the strength of the two is not the same level at all, Xiao Yan's trip is tantamount to hitting a stone with an egg.

"Crash!" The water dragon just squirmed, and suddenly left a terrifying water wave in the void that was enough to destroy the two-star fighting immortal.

"Immortal Sparrow!" Facing Ye Yunqing's roaring water dragon, Xiao Yan didn't dare to neglect, his hands suddenly opened and his pupils shrank tightly. At that time, an extremely tyrannical flame was accompanied by a phantom that was several dozen meters in size. The shadow suddenly swept out of Xiao Yan's body!

"Boom boom boom!" Since ancient times, water and fire have been incompatible, so Xiao Yan's flame power just emerged, and suddenly a terrifying fluctuation erupted with the water dragon.

"This fluctuation..." Ye Yunqing had already won the ticket, but now he frowned. Obviously, the flames on Xiao Yan's body, and even the looming phantom, actually made him feel terrified!

Even after the flames appeared, the original suppression of his water attributes over fire attributes disappeared without a trace, so that a trace of the oppression of the burning sensation of flames swept from his heart!

"How is that possible!" This was Ye Yunqing's first thought!

Ye Yunqing still knows the principle of water and fire fighting each other, but if Xiao Yan, with his strength in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian, can make even a powerhouse in the early stage of three-star Dou Xian create such strong fluctuations, I am afraid that the flames on this guy's body are not simple!

At this time, Ye Yunqing slowly put down his pride of being a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse, and looked up.

At this time, Xiao Yan's body was actually completely wrapped by a ghost beast. Above the ghost beast, a violent aura was exuded, and there was even a trace of yellow-gray flame. Peripheral beating!

As for his water dragon, under Xiao Yan's constant resistance, his body and strength were slowly dissolving...

"Battle Soul and Shengyan... In addition to the fairyland soul, I haven't met such a powerful boy for a long time. It seems that this time I came here, and I have gained a lot." He couldn't help muttering.

Their soul clan powers spread throughout the entire Daqian world, not to mention any cooperation or relationship with Kuyezhai, what they do is to collect souls, as for the people of Kuyezhai, whether it is life or death, he doesn't care.

"This is... a fighting spirit?" And Ye Yunqing smelled an extremely dangerous wave from the phantom of the violent spirit beast!

The yellow-gray flame was naturally created by Xiao Yan using the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock and the Undying Underworld Flame. The so-called Undying Underworld Flame was nothing but the fire seed of the Undying Underworld Sparrow. After being refined by Xiao Yan, it was also controlled by Xiao Yan. This kind of flame is gray, it should be on the same level as undead fire, but its power, I am afraid there is only a trace of undead fire ~ However, with undead **** flame and fire heart Tianyan, if you want to deal with this tyranny Ye Yunqing in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, although it is difficult, it is not a problem to hold him for a while.

"bingo."

"Immortal Flame!" Xiao Yan sneered, and waved his hands directly at Ye Yunqing in the void below. Suddenly, one after another of yellow-gray flames formed a series of vicious attacks. Viper is generally very scary!

"Water Spirit Realm!" Ye Yunqing was surprised, but his strength was there. He immediately saw the attack from Xiao Yan's fighting spirit, and without any hesitation, he directly activated the water attribute, forming an extremely huge wave in front of him. The water wave barrier!

"Crash!" The yellow-gray flame's fierce attack, like a poisonous snake, was slowly eaten away by Ye Yunqing's water spirit world, but Ye Yunqing could feel that this guy was definitely not easy!

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, the attacks of the two shattered instantly, and then the two took a step back in unison.

"It seems that I really underestimate you..."

"I originally thought you were just a piece of trash with a strong soul, but I didn't expect you to hide it so deeply..." Ye Yunqing resisted the pressure of the flames emanating from the invisible, and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"There are more things you didn't think of..."

"Old guy, look at the tricks!" Xiao Yan said, and he couldn't help but use the boost of the undead ghost fighting spirit to launch an attack at Zaidu.

. steal incense