Chapter 600: Queen Medusa's Color Scales!

"Old Snake, did something happen when you rushed to the Temple of Medusa in such a hurry?" Above the lonely desert of death, a seemingly not weak snake man spoke to the Snake King.

The identity of this snake man is the leader of one of the nine major tribes, Libu. After all, his strength has reached the late stage of the Eight Star Dou Emperor!

"Don't ask if you shouldn't." The snake king said coldly.

When Na Libu heard the words, he immediately shut up, because he knew that this time, seeing the leaders of the other nine tribes around him this time was enough to prove that this time was a big deal.

"But looking at the appearance, it seems that the Medusa family is about to change." The snake king smiled slightly, and the extremely bright ten-color power slowly appeared in the distance.

Although neither the Snake King nor Shefu had any intention of ruling the nine major tribes of Medusa, they both knew that if they wanted the Medusa family to completely get rid of this desert of death, they must elect a real king!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's almost there." Shefu was at the front of the team and said slowly.

At that time, in this team, there will be leaders and some important people among the nine major tribes of Medusa!

"Are you here?" Above the desert of the Lonely Desert of Death, Cailin was playing with the fine sand, and the charming and enchanting body exuded a terrifying power.

Only when the matter of helping the Medusa family is over can we return to him!

"What is that?" With the arrival of Shefu, two extremely enchanting women slowly appeared on the desert in front of them!

"Bold, to actually break into the Medusa Temple without authorization!" Li Bu looked at Cailin and the two, looked at a huge gap above the Medusa Temple, and immediately said angrily.

"Don't go..." The Snake King just wanted to reach out to stop Libu, but was signaled by Snake Fu's eyes.

"Let him try it. After all, some of the leaders of our nine major tribes of Medusa are quite unconvinced..." Shefu deliberately raised his voice a few times and directly let the other leaders listen.

"Humph!"

"What kind of medicine are you two selling in the gourd, Snake King and Snake King!" Another middle-aged man snorted coldly, facing Shefu and said.

"Uncle Mu, calm down."

"I think Grandma Shefu must have her intentions to do this, let's just watch it quietly." A silver bell-like voice suddenly sounded.

The next moment, a three-color light suddenly emerged, and then appeared in front of the crowd.

That was a woman with three-colored light all over her body!

If Xiao Yan were here, they would definitely recognize that this woman was the three-colored swallowing python that day when they entered the oasis of the dead desert oasis for water!

"I didn't expect you to come..." The man who was called Uncle Mu by the three-colored swallowing python woman saw this, and the anger in his heart gradually diminished.

No less, this three-colored swallowing python is one of the few hopes of their entire Medusa clan. Although the current strength is only a six-star Dou Di, it is rare that they are among the nine major tribes of their Medusa clan. Any leader who sees it must be treated well.

This is the power of the bloodline in the Medusa family!

"Strange, how can these two women give me a sense of fear that comes from the depths of my soul?" The three-colored swallowing python slowly turned into a figure and stood above the sky, its beautiful eyes facing the two women above the desert Look slowly.

"Queen, these people..." Xiao Shi said as he looked at a menacing man coming from above the sky.

"This is the Medusa family on the Xuanling Continent."

"Since I promised that senior, naturally I can't break my promise." Cai Lin opened her mouth casually, but her eyes were fixed on the old snake man above the sky.

"Where did the blue-and-white snake go?" Mei Mu glanced around slightly, Cai Lin knew the aura of the dozen or so people above the sky, but there was no blue-and-white snake among them, so she was immediately surprised.

Because Cailin was able to enter the Temple of Medusa, it was the blue-and-white snake that overcame everyone's opinions and gave Cailin a chance. Otherwise, there would be no chance for Cailin to devour the blood of the Tencai Swallowing Python.

"I don't know where you came from!"

"But if you trespass into my Medusa Temple without authorization, there is only one dead end!" The Libu man shouted, the huge fighting spirit in his hands condensed instantly, and then he was ready to attack the two Cailin girls.

"It's really some annoying flies." Cailin said with dissatisfaction, and then did not wait for the man to do something, she let out a coquettish anger, and a force of ten colors rose into the sky!

"Boom boom boom!" A huge beam of ten-color power shot up into the sky, causing the space in the desert to shake violently, as if it would shatter at any time!

"This is..." When the beam of ten-colored power rose into the sky, an unbelievable look slowly appeared on the three-colored sky-swallowing python woman among the nine major tribes of Medusa, with a pretty face. There was a rare heaviness above.

The three-colored swallowing python, whose name is Qin Yi, is a powerhouse whose strength has reached the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di.

"Grandma Shefu...Is this true?" Qin Yi turned her head in disbelief and looked at Shefu whose eyes were tightly closed.

In the beam of light rising into the sky in front of him, there is clearly an extremely huge bloodline pressure!

Qin Yi is familiar with that bloodline...

Swallowing the python!

"Looks like she succeeded."

"When Xiaoqing sent her to the Temple of Medusa, most of you still disapproved. Now, it seems that Xiaoqing's eyesight is not comparable to those of you old fellows." Shefu's eyes slowly opened, deep-colored eyes. The eyes looked at the color scale above the desert and opened.

"Is it really the legendary swallowing python..." Facing the ten-colored power that soared into the sky, many tribal leaders immediately felt a adoration from the bottom of their hearts!

"Guardian of the Temple of Medusa, Shefu, greet Her Majesty the Queen!" Just as many tribal leaders hurriedly resisted the repressive force from the bottom of their hearts, Shefu's figure moved and disappeared in the sky in an instant, and then appeared in the desert. Facing Cailin Road.

"Senior Shefu, what are you doing?" Some tribal leaders who couldn't hold their breath immediately felt a little angry, and were extremely puzzled by Shefu's actions.

"Senior, please get up, I can't bear it." Cai Lin helped Shefu up, but when she saw that Shefu couldn't kneel, she understood!

"I'm the first to disagree!"

"How can an outsider be the king of our Medusa clan!" The sky filled with dissatisfaction.

"Sisi..." Just as the man spoke, the Shefu's eyes moved slightly, and an extremely weak message entered Cailin's mind!

"Aren't you satisfied..." Cai Lin opened her mouth slightly, Qian Ying turned around, and with it, an extremely bright ten-color power appeared in her hand.

"Are you convinced?" Cai Lin got the Shefu's understanding, and immediately didn't bother to talk nonsense with these people.

"I don't agree!"

"An outsider is also trying to dominate our Medusa clan. It's a fool's dream!" After the man Libu finished speaking, his whole body moved, and the later stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di emerged instantly.

"Then take you..."

"Kill the chickens to warn the monkeys!" A domineering and cold voice came from Cailin's mouth, and then Cailin's pupils instantly changed to colorless, a terrifying strength of a fighting immortal powerhouse and a ten-colored swallowing python. Breath, both come together!

"Pretending to be a ghost!" At this point, the man had no choice but to bite the bullet!

"Go!" With a wave of Cailin's jade hand, the power of ten colors roared away!

"Look, I see through your tricks!" The man shouted loudly, just about to take Cailin's blow, but he was directly knocked back hundreds of meters by the power of ten colors!

There is blood on the corners of the mouth, and wounds of different degrees on the body!

"You woman, you are really ruthless!" Some leaders who couldn't stand it also said.

"Don't worry, he's not dead, he just passed out!" After Cai Lin finished speaking, the breath of his body was instantly released.

"It's really the power of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python that only appeared in the legend..." Facing the colorful scales and the blood of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python in their bodies, the last hope in the hearts of these tribal leaders was instantly shattered. !

Because they know that no matter what her origins are, since she has obtained the inheritance of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, she will become the king of the Medusa clan from now on!

"Let's go, Queen, let's go to the palace first." Seeing Cailin shocked these people, Shefu spoke immediately.

"En." Cai Lin heard the words and slowly withdrew her power, like a simple woman.

"It seems that the good days of the Xuanling royal family are coming to an end." The Snake King followed, slowly looking at the Xuanling royal family in the distance.

Ask for tickets!