Chapter Vol 4 1958: The resurrected ThunderClan 4 elder?

"Huhu." The old man in the coffin was originally dead, but as the mist from the inner wall of the coffin poured into the body, his body shook slowly, and his pale face became angry. It was as if he was about to wake up, and even inside his ashes-like body, a monstrous force slowly filled up, as if he was about to recover.

Su Xueying stood on the spot with great doubts at this time. Obviously, she knew this guy just after her speech.

Lei Shi, the strength of the eight-star Dou Xian in the early stage, has used this strength to kill many middle-stage powerhouses of the Eight-star Dou Xian. His identity is the fourth elder of the Thunder Clan in Douyun Continent, and he is one of the best in the Thunder Clan, but he has already fallen. For thousands of years, the Lei Clan used a secret method to store the corpse in the Lei Tomb, but how could it appear here now?

The ancient race includes some powerful sect families. With their strictness, there is absolutely no case of guarding and stealing. Now the slowly loosening Lei Shi in the coffin in front of them will undoubtedly make the two of them feel bad.

"What the **** is going on here?" At this moment, Su Xueying couldn't help but open her eyes coldly, facing Xiao Yan with a questioning tone.

"I came here through the lotus leaf you gave me, but I was attacked by the powerhouses of the Soul Palace halfway through, and I just came here, I'm afraid your position has long been exposed in the eyes of the Soul Palace... Now, you should always believe what I said before. Is that right?" Xiao Yan's body recovered eighty-nine percent of his strength, and suddenly came to Su Xueying's side quietly, and said in a low voice.

It has to be said that this girl always has a faintly seductive fragrance, which even makes the amber fire in Xiao Yan's body tremble strangely.

"Humph!" Su Xueying is naturally reluctant to admit it, and every time she talks about this, she can't help but feel a trace of anger hanging on her cold cheeks. After a while, her jade feet and blue holy flames are surrounded together, and she raises her hands. The cyan flame sword blasted away at the thunder lion that was about to wake up!

The angle of its attack is at an extremely tricky angle, as if trying to obliterate Lei Shi with one blow!

"Dangdangdang!" But strangely, when Su Xueying swooped away with the cyan flame sword, the tip of the sword was strangely stuck on the edge of the dark red coffin, unable to move forward at all.

"Be careful!" Xiao Yan thought it was something at first, but when he saw Su Xueying's dilemma, he finally understood and exclaimed.

"This idiot!" Xiao Yan watched the eyes of the old man in the coffin slowly open, and an extremely terrifying wave swept out. He cursed secretly, the amber flames wrapped around his body, and quickly turned towards Su Xueying. go!

"It's alive...how is that possible?" The distance between Su Xueying and the dark red coffin was less than one meter. The eyes of the old man who was lying safely in it opened, and the vast power turned into an invisible energy ripple that spread out immediately. A fear deep into the soul swept through the body uncontrollably.

At this moment, Su Xueying's body was trembling and trembling. If it weren't for the protection of the blue holy flame, I'm afraid this coercion alone would be enough to make her worship her completely.

There are too many differences between the six-star fighting immortals and the eight-star fighting immortals.

"Boom!" With a sound, the old man regained countless vitality in an instant, and woke up from the coffin like a living person, still standing in the coffin, but the gray-white eyes turned out to contain endless The killing intent, the invisible energy ripples spread out like thunder arcs, spreading out in all directions, and suddenly shook Su Xueying away. fell down.

"Are you alright?" Just as Su Xueying was in a hurry and fell weightlessly, Xiao Yan frowned, and immediately caught Su Xueying with both hands quite a gentleman, and said softly, but Xiao Yan's eyes were always watching the opening in the coffin Old man with two eyes.

Relying on Xiao Yan's perception, this guy's current appearance is not like a human being, like a ghost but not a ghost.

"Zi la la!" In an instant, the old man in the coffin raised his old palm, and the gorgeous gray thunder swept out directly from around the body. The terrifying destructive power made this medicine garden imprisoned by mysterious forces twisted.

"Go!" The old man called out softly, and the old man gave a flat voice. The countless thunderbolts all over his body, like elite soldiers waiting in a serious battle, quickly blasted towards Xiao Yan and the two of them as if they had been ordered to attack.

"Xiao Yan, let's go!" Seeing such a fierce attack, Su Xueying only felt a tingling chill swept out of her scalp. She didn't care about anything else, she broke free from Xiao Yan's support in one fell swoop. Thunder force resisted.

"Why don't you go!"

"Staying so hard when you're about to die... Really annoying guy!" Countless thunders, like poisonous snakes, wrapped the two of them, quietly lurking around, waiting for a fatal blow, Su Xueying couldn't help roaring, At the end of the day, the blue holy flame spread out and wrapped Xiao Yan, trying to send Xiao Yan away from here.

"Come on!" With a cold snort, a cyan flame slowly emerged on Su Xueying's left hand, and then on the other arm, a very restless black flame emerged.

"Give me a little peace!" At this moment, Xiao Yan changed his cowardly aura just now. The terrifying aura around his body was accompanied by amber flames, like a scorching sun, releasing endless holy might.

Xiao Yan knew that even if Su Xueying possessed two holy flames, she could not resist the attack of the eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Boom!!!"

"Break it for me!" Without any more words Xiao Yan's amber flames wrapped around his fist, and immediately a heavy wave of fear swept out from the fist, a touch of gorgeousness. The four-color arc of fire danced slowly, and then Xiao Yan roared.

"Crack!"

With one punch, the countless thunderbolts all over his body were all shattered. Immediately, Xiao Yan carried his hands behind his back, as if he had done a normal thing, staring at the old man in the coffin.

"This is... the power of the holy flame?" At this moment, Su Xueying stood blankly in the air, obviously a little unbelievable. The flame on Xiao Yan's body was even more terrifying than his own blue holy flame. The deepest black flame also emits an evenly matched aura.

"Leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan didn't bother to explain anything. He took a step forward, and the holy flame's power and surging fighting qi rose up like a pier, radiating endless sacred majesty.

"Liar." At this moment, looking at Xiao Yan's body with four-color flickering amber flames and soul fires, in coordination with the aura that erupted from his body, it was only stronger or weaker than himself, Su Xueying suddenly said such a sentence.

"Oh... the little guy with holy flame?"

"And more than one?" At this moment, the old man in the coffin spoke abruptly, and there was no emotion in his voice.

"Senior is an elder of the Lei Clan, why do you come to bully our juniors?" Xiao Yan spoke slowly from a height below zero. Without knowing Lei Shi's intentions and specific circumstances, Xiao Yan would not act rashly.

However, Xiao Yan always felt that the reason why Lei Shi disappeared from the Thunder Tomb, and even his "resurrection" today, was probably related to the power of faith that Xu Shao and the Soul Hall had just collected!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: