Chapter Vol 4 1381: Thunder Emperor Scepter!

"Boom boom boom!" At this time, in the core area of ​​the Thunder Tomb, there was endless darkness. In the cemetery wrapped in darkness, the power of a deep-colored hundred-zhang thunder continued to emerge from their tombstones, and then faced the thunder. The bronze coffins of Emperor Hong Da gathered together, vaguely gathering into an extremely exquisite weapon.

"This is..." Seeing this, Duo Qifei and Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning. Obviously, this level of fluctuation is enough to show that the things under this thunder beam are extraordinary.

"What is this?" Outside the dark space, Youhuan also said with a change in his face. With his instinct, he smelled a wave of destruction from the thunder beam. He was originally among the foreign evil races. There are very few things that can make him feel such fluctuations.

"This...this is..."

"Lei Di Scepter?" But You Zun on the side muttered, his voice full of shock.

"This thing... Didn't it disappear with the fall of the Great Emperor Lei Hong..."

"How can it still exist?" Huan Zun heard the words, and there was a burst of surprise in his heart. This thing was accompanied by Emperor Lei Hong at the beginning, and it had a famous fairy weapon.

"Lei Di Scepter, the famous weapon of the Great Emperor Lei Hong, up to the category of sixth-grade immortal artifact." After a while, in the tomb, Du Qifei's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and he said.

"Sixth-grade Immortal Artifact?" Xiao Yan heard the words and was suddenly dumbfounded. He knew that Immortal Artifacts were divided into 1 to 9 ranks, corresponding to one-star Dou Xian to nine-star Dou Xian, and the more advanced the immortal artifact, the more powerful it was. The sixth-grade immortal artifact is matched with the strength of his five-star fighting immortal, which is enough for Emperor Lei Hong to walk sideways in this ghostly sky.

"This is the opportunity that Thunder Master gave me at the beginning. Although it will be of little use to you in the future, but at this stage, it is more than enough to deal with the current plight of Thunder Tomb." Emperor Lei Hong looked at the silver power that emerged from his bronze coffin. rod, said contentedly.

Thunder Emperor Scepter, this is a silver scepter with a thick arm. It is surrounded by an extremely tyrannical thunder force. If it is not for the powerhouse of the thunder attribute, I am afraid that it will not be able to grasp its terrifying power, and its material is extremely special. Even if it is attacked by destruction, it is difficult to destroy.

Duo Qifei heard the words and looked like he wanted to shirk. After all, Emperor Lei Hong was his father's teacher, and this thing might also belong to his father in the future.

"This is the stuff of Lord Lei... Accept it." The next moment, the phantom of Emperor Lei Hong looked at Du Qifei and said slightly.

"En." After struggling a little, Du Qifei also instantly controlled it in the palm of his hand.

"Weng Om!" Just after taking control of the Thunder Emperor's scepter, circles of silver thunder suddenly scattered from the Thunder Emperor's scepter, and then emerged towards Du Qifei's body.

"Lord Lei... Next time you and your reincarnator wake up, I hope to protect this piece of heaven and earth... All I can do is this." The afterimage of the Great Emperor became illusory, and there was a hint of relief in the corner of his eyes, and then the bronze coffin was in front of the two, scattered with countless thunder powers, and shattered with a sudden smash, and suddenly, a silver thunder with a size of hundreds of feet suddenly appeared. Pervading this space, slowly wrapping Du Qifei's figure.

And with the appearance of this scene, Du Qifei and the silver Thunder Emperor scepter also slowly began to have some subtle contacts... Fusion!

Although Du Qifei's strength is weak, he possesses the existence of reincarnation and these sixth-grade immortal weapons. Just one of them is the power to truly fight against the evil races outside the territory.

"No, she is absorbing the power of Lei Di's scepter. If she completely masters this sixth-grade immortal weapon, I am afraid that our plan for this trip will be disintegrated in an instant!" The next moment, You Zun said directly, they naturally Know how huge the lethality contained in these sixth-grade immortal weapons is.

"Do it!" The three of them didn't hesitate, the bright evil aura permeated out, and they launched an earth-shattering attack on the cemetery. Without the existence of Emperor Lei Hong, the space of the cemetery was also violently attacked by the three of them, and it was faintly changed. It had to be shattered, obviously it wouldn't last long.

"Leave it to me, I can buy you some time."

"This time, please." Xiao Yan said with a hearty smile, and then his body suddenly swept out of the cemetery and came to the outer dark space.

"Susu..."

"Looking for death!" When the three figures saw Xiao Yan doing this, they suddenly roared, and the dazzling attack directly attacked Xiao Yan.

The attack of the three four-star fighting immortal powerhouses was no objection to Xiao Yan, who was a complete two-star fighting immortal.

"It's so strong!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, just trying to mobilize the power of many holy flames in his body, but a strange power emerged from his body.

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, Xiao Yan's body was filled with dark and strange ghost auras.

"Crash!" When the three seemingly tyrannical attacks just came into contact with the strange ghostly energy around Xiao Yan, they suddenly evaporated and disappeared.

"Ghost?"

"How is that possible?" When he noticed that Xiao Yan had intercepted the attack of the three of them, he was immediately surprised. You must know that although the three of them were just a casual blow, how could they even kill a two-star Dou Xian with a dignified 4-star Dou Xian? No.

"There is also a clear division of strength among the extraterritorial evil races."

"There are many races and a vast territory, and according to the tyranny of their rulers, they can be basically divided into five levels: heaven, earth, respect, emperor, and king."

"The powerhouses of the two levels of heaven and earth are at the bottom of the race they are notified of. Their own strength is almost below that of Dou Xian, and their strength can be called a noble class, and their strength is at least one-star Dou Xian to four-star Dou Xian. Between the race of this level of powerhouse is also ranked in the middle part of the extraterrestrial evil race."

"As for the emperor-level powerhouses, the strength is above the five-star fighting immortals. These guys are basically the rulers of some powerful races..."

"As for the king level, there are very few in the entire foreign evil clan. They are the real leaders of the foreign evil clan, and all of them are supreme powers with a strength above the seven-star fighting immortal... The race they rule is in the foreign evil clan. Among the clan, it is also among the best, and it is the real enemy of the entire Great Thousand World!" Looking at the three guys in front of him, the voice of the Soul Eater slowly emerged.

"The strength of the three guys in front of you..." Xiao Yan nodded lightly when he heard the words, apparently sensing something through the words of the Soul Eater.

"Two venerable powerhouses... and a half-emperor!" The Soul Eater Lord's strange voice emerged slowly!

You Zun, Huan Zun, and the four-star Dou Xian have the strength to be the most powerful ones among the foreign evil races, and You Huan, the four-star Dou Xian with complete strength, can be regarded as a half-emperor at most!

However, for Xiao Yan, such a huge lineup of two and a half emperors still has a destructive power.