Chapter 504: The Dragon-loving Legion is ambushed!

With the end of the Medusa family affairs, Shefu also temporarily replaced the commander. With one orderly order, the nine major Medusa tribes returned to their usual appearance. As for the avengers ruled by Nudong The tribe also has a new leader. As for the forces of Nu Dong, they have already been completely expelled.

As for the blue-and-white snake, its foundation has been shaken due to the fall of the companion spirit snake, so its strength has dropped to the level of a first-turn nine-star fighting emperor, and I am afraid it will be difficult to improve in the future!

However, since the blue-and-white snake did not have any life-threatening worries, Shefu had nothing to do. However, as the blue-and-white snake resigned from all positions and concentrated on teaching Qingyan, the injury in the body seemed to be slowly repaired under Qingyan's breath. I just don't know how long it will take to restore the peak.

The temple of the Medusa family, in the core area of ​​the desert of death, after Qin Tian and his group escaped from the temple, they also came to the center of the desert, which is also several kilometers away from the temple.

"Captain, do we want to take a break... I think the injuries of the others are a little serious." Beside Qin Tian, ​​Yao Xin glanced at the companions beside him and said slightly.

"Let's rest here." Qin Tian said slowly, obviously because of his peak Dou Emperor strength, he is still suffering from injuries, not to mention the other eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouses.

"Shabu!" Qin Tian and his group of eight slowly came to the desert ground, then sat down directly, ignoring the terrifying temperature.

"damn it!"

"The strength of this Medusa clan is really terrifying." The next moment, Xuanmo sat down viciously and said.

"This time, it's indeed that Anger who has concealed something, otherwise we wouldn't be so embarrassed..."

"That guardian beast of the colorful swallowing python almost had an accident." Qin Tian slowly formed a Dou Qi light chair next to him and sat on it.

"Are you all alright?" Core said slowly.

"It's alright, it's just a little out of strength." The next moment, a few people looked down and said.

"Then." Hearing the words, Yaoxin also felt relieved, and then directly stroked the ring in his hand, a jade bottle without a delicate medicinal pill appeared, and then the Yaoxin threw it lightly and threw it at a few people around him. enter.

"I don't know why... There seems to be something on the other side of the Temple of Medusa..." Qin Tian swallowed the medicinal pill directly, and then his breath recovered almost 60%, and then stared at the desert area in the distance. .

"That is a desert area. It is said to be one of the three most peculiar places in this desert of death. Although there are countless gold and silver treasures, the risk factor is quite high!" Fan Yu said.

Except for Qin Tian, ​​the auras of the others have almost recovered to about 50%, so their faces also have some lifelike aura.

"Rest for a while, then let's go. Since they have entered the Medusa Temple, the rest is up to them." Qin Tian slowly pondered, and the people who were talking were naturally Xuan Ling. The three kings.

"En." Everyone made a deep voice, then closed their eyes and rested, trying to adjust their state.

"Susu, Qin Tian brother, you really make us look good." Not long after, a gloomy voice appeared beside Qin Tian, ​​and a strange black energy like a dead person wrapped around his body. , an eerie aura suddenly emerged.

"Liu Quan?"

"You, the master of the three Solomon sects, are quite incompetent, why don't you go and kill Zhu Jin?" Qin Tian's face sank.

"The purpose of our trip is to kill Zhu Jin, so that our subsequent plans can be carried out more smoothly... But we just don't know where Zhu Jin is, so I'm here to ask you guys." Liu Quan The two strong men of Solomon stood beside him, and then slowly released an invisible coercion.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's talk." Qin Tian's expression softened slightly.

"How can the ghost energy in Liu Quan's body be so strong, isn't it..." Yaoxin stood next to Qin Tian, ​​and most directly felt the huge ghost energy in Liu Quan's body!

"En." Liu Quan responded slowly and flew down directly towards the desert where Qin Tian was, but it was strange that the two strong men beside Liu Quan didn't make any movements and stayed in the sky. .

"We've been looking for a lot of time, but this Zhujin's whereabouts are too strange, so..." Liu Quan's short stature and Qin Tian had just been together, and they immediately became clear about this.

"Zhu Jin's words should be in the depths of the Medusa clan, perhaps around the Medusa Temple." Qin Tian frowned when he heard this, obviously not knowing why Liu Quan said this.

"King Fudoming dispatched such a terrifying lineup this time, I don't know why he came to this desert of death?" Liu Quan smiled strangely at Qin Tian!

"Liu Quan, what do you mean!"

"A mere Solomon's three-sect master is worthy of talking to me like this?" A loud shout emerged from Qin Tian's mouth!

"Now, let's see if you are qualified!" Liu Quan was not surprised when he heard the words. Immediately, the dark palm hidden under the black cloak, with a black liquid like water, suddenly faced Qin who was within a few meters of him. Attack away!

"Bastard!" Qin Tian's pupils shrank suddenly, and just then he was about to defend Liu Quan, but he didn't expect that a heavy blow would directly hit his already body!

"Puff puff!" A mouthful of blood spurted out of Qin Tian's mouth!

"Liu Quan, what are you doing!" Among the few, Xuan Wanxin, the weakest one, suddenly drank, and a monstrous aura emerged, directly facing the Solomon Three Sect Master.

"Captain, are you all right?" A soft voice came out, it was the medicine core.

"Go away!" A roar emerged from Liu Quan's black cloak, and then spread into circles of black ripples, attacking directly at the complexion, Xuan Wanxin!

"Leader You guys go first!" Although Xuan Wanxin was the weakest in the Dragon-loving Legion, in terms of courage, no one in the Dragon-loving Legion would back down!

"Wanxin, if you say this, you will be seen as a foreigner. Our dragon-loving army is a whole!" On the other side, Fanyu's broad palm slapped Xuan Wanxin's palm!

"Then let's fight!"

"The three of you, Solomon, just want to swallow my dragon-loving legion, and I'm afraid they will kill you all!" Qin Tian insisted, but a rather dark aura slowly wriggled around his chest, extremely ferocious.

"Susu..."

"Come on then!"

"Qin Tian, ​​your soul power at the peak of Dou Di is extremely delicious." After Liu Quan finished speaking, he took off the black cloak that had been covering his body.

Under the black cloak, there is a young and immature boy. The boy looks quite handsome and his facial features are correct, but in the pupils, black energy emerges, and he knows it is very strange!

"Go!"

"They are already at the end of the game!"

"Kill them, their soul power is yours." Liu Quan opened his mouth slightly.

"Shabu!" As soon as Liu Quan finished speaking, his figure suddenly appeared in the sky and quickly distanced himself from Qin Tian, ​​but the two powerhouses Song Li and Yang Wei beside Liu Quan erupted into a monstrous darkness. He was angry, and then he went to the dragon-loving legion on the ground, like a hungry ghost rushing for food!

Ask for tickets!