Chapter Vol 4 1404: The gift, the Fire Element Heavenly Seed!

With the complete end of the ratio of Dongzhou, the entire Leicheng continued its orderly rhythm.

Although due to this sin and the baptism of the Soul Temple, the major forces in Leicheng suffered varying degrees of loss, but under the wise leadership of the master of the forged sword Thunder Valley, perfect policies and orders continued to emerge, and so did Leicheng. Gradually it regained its original vitality.

Among the Leijie Mountains, this place was originally a place for the participating disciples to live, but with the end of the East Continent Ratio, many contestants also returned to their own forces, only those who won the competition in the four continents. The powerhouses stayed, but there is no doubt that the powerhouses who were able to stay were all one-of-a-kind existences.

"It's been a month since the disaster in Dongzhou, the matter in Dongzhou should be completely over, and the next step is to go to Sizhou..." This morning, Xiao Yan got up early, sat in the house and muttered, Thinking about the plan in mind.

The Four Continents won the competition, joined the four courtyards of Li Hunyu, obtained the Qidu Inducing Soul Cup, restored the power of the Soul Eater, and thus obtained the Acacia Heartbroken, resurrected Mu Yingying, and the trip to the ghost world was completely over.

This month has allowed Xiao Yan to restore his strength to the peak, but if he wants to reach the threshold of Samsung Dou Xian with this, there is obviously still a long way to go, but don't underestimate the current Xiao Yan, the current Xiao Yan's two-star Dou Xian's complete strength, coupled with the absorption of some of the thunder of the thunder master's origin, basically it is difficult for the thunder-type Dou Qi to hurt himself, plus the interference Dou skills, Dou Soul and many other means, even if you don't use it Sheng Yan is also enough to compete with the three-star Dou Xian powerhouse.

However, the three-star fighting immortal is far from being comparable to the two-star fighting immortal, so as the strength increases, fighting across the ranks must also be based on the use of holy flames.

"Dong, dong, dong." Just as Xiao Yan was thinking, there was a rapid and powerful knock on the door.

"Fei'er." Xiao Yan didn't need to think about it to know that Du Qifei was the only one who would knock on the door so vigorously in this thunder world. After all, this place was just like her family. stop.

"Xiao Yan, I have a piece of good news to tell you!" Xiao Yan just opened the door, and Du Qifei immediately said cheerfully, not at all like a lady, it seemed very different from the past.

"What's the matter, so happy?" Xiao Yan was also amused by Du Qifei's appearance and said.

"In view of your help this time for our knife-forging Thunder Valley, my father decided to give you a special gift." At this moment, Duo Qifei became cautiously looking around, and after confirming that no one was there, he smiled, this level of intelligence But very confidential.

"Blessing..." Xiao Yan also had a headache when he heard it. Obviously, he didn't have to think about it. Given Duo Tianhong's obsession with weapons, it is very likely that the gift is a kind of immortal weapon, but Xiao Yan is used to using different fires. Henggu ruler, if he switched to other weapons, it would obviously not be suitable. Even if Duo Tianhong continued his immortal weapon rank high enough, it would not help.

"I don't know what the gift is?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively, holding the last trace of expectation.

"It's a god."

"And it's the kind that suits your own attributes." At this time, Du Qifei said with great admiration, but she didn't know that the thunder power possessed by the Thunder Lord was even more tyrannical than the Great Heaven Seed. Thunder.

Heavenly Seed, this is a wonder of heaven and earth that can increase one's Dou Qi energy.

"Heavenly Seed?"

"It won't be so good?" Xiao Yan couldn't help swallowing a mouthful of saliva and said in disbelief.

After all, the existence of Heavenly Seeds can be said to be a fortune, and whether it is an auction or other places, Heavenly Seeds of any attribute are priceless and unmarketable, which is enough to see how precious this thing is.

"It's true...Although my father was very reluctant, but under my repeated temptation, he agreed." Du Qifei smiled slightly.

"Tempted again and again?" Xiao Yan asked with some doubts.

"Father told me, you have to guard me until that thing is completely reincarnated..."

"So I naturally want to get some benefits for you, otherwise you will suffer more." Du Qifei's big watery eyes kept flashing, and he said innocently.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan smiled at Duan Qifei's silly appearance.

"Let's go, today is the time for the gift, otherwise it will be troublesome if my father doesn't acknowledge the debt after today." After Du Qifei finished speaking, she brought Xiao Yan to go to the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives, looking like she was in a hurry. .

"There seems to be a heavenly seed on the Huo Sin Envoy..." Xiao Yan murmured, and then hurriedly chased after him.

"Weng buzzing." The two quietly left the thunder world and came to the inside of the forged knife thunder valley.

"Father, I brought Xiao Yan." On a quiet forest path, Duan Tianhong was walking back and forth in the forest.

"You little girl, you know that your elbows are turned out, the preciousness of heaven is..." Seeing Xiao Yan and Du Qifei appearing, Du Tianhong immediately laughed and scolded, without guessing, he knew that his daughter was with Xiao The purpose of inflammation.

"Woooo!" Duo Qifei made a face at Duan Tianhong, then left the place directly.

"Forging Valley Master..." Seeing that there were only two people left, Xiao Yan immediately laughed.

"The ratio of Eastern Continents has a total of three stages. In addition to the 20 people in the first and second stages who have the opportunity to participate in the Four Continents Competition, we also selected 30 people in the third stage this time, which can also be regarded as the competition for the participating disciples. It is a form of compensation, so this time, I will take fifty of you to the Four Continents for a test." Du Tianhong said.

"I don't know what Fei'er just said about the gift of heaven..." Xiao Yan also asked Duan Tianhong to avoid this topic.

"Heavenly Seed, I will naturally give you a gift." Duo Tianhong said, but there was a lot of regret in his voice. Obviously, the attraction of a Heavenly Seed is enough to make Forge Sword Thunder Valley win over more powerhouses. Xiao Yan is cheap.

"Is that celestial seed on Huo Sin Envoy..." Xiao Yan asked tentatively After all, the celestial seed on Huo Sin Envoy is one of the great celestial seeds, and its power is obvious to all. To get, is also to increase itself.

"You kid, think beautifully!"

"Although the Heavenly Seed on the Fire Sinister is tyrannical, he himself has been contaminated by the evil power of the evil race from outside the territory, and the Heavenly Seed has also been polluted, and it is already an evil thing."

"Even if you have Holy Flame, you can't erase the evil power," Duan Tianhong said.

"That's really a pity..." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly.

"If you want the seeds of heaven, come with me." After a while, Duan Tianhong said softly.

"Thank you, Valley Master." Xiao Yan was full of joy when he heard the words.

Afterwards, the figures of the two also disappeared suddenly, heading towards a certain place inside the Thunder Valley.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: