Chapter Vol 2 751: Leng Fuyao

"Xiao Yan and the others have been in for so long, why haven't they come out yet?"

"Isn't something wrong?" In the wooden house, Qinxin apparently waited a long time and was a little impatient, so she walked back and forth worriedly.

"I'm sure there won't be any problems with people here, but it's really been a while." Ye Meng was a little surprised when he heard Qin Xin's words.

Ye Meng didn't know what Xiao Yan's attainment in soul power was, but he clearly knew his own disciple's strength, but in the end Ye Meng was not very optimistic about Leng Fuyao. After all, Xiao Yan was not only powerful, but also With the support of holy flame and soul power, so.

"Come out." Not long after they were worried, Leng Fuyao and Xiao Yan came out of the small space.

From the moment Leng Fuyao appeared, Ye Meng noticed that the latter had an extremely awkward aura, and immediately laughed, obviously he already knew the result without Leng Fuyao saying it.

"How's the situation?" Qin Xin asked urgently.

"Well, luckily." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, there was not much emotion in his voice, as if he was talking about a small matter.

"This guy……"

"How can it be so perverted." Leng Fuyao frowned and pouted, she couldn't imagine that this Xiao Yan seemed to be gentle and gentle, but he didn't hold back when he fought.

However, Leng Fuyao was still a little fortunate. If Xiao Yan hadn't withdrawn his hand at the last moment, I'm afraid that in the soul competition, he would still be injured, and his impression of Xiao Yan immediately improved.

"What, it's shriveled?" Ye Mengguang knew at a glance that Leng Fuyao had lost, and asked immediately.

"Hmph, I just made a little mistake. If I do it again, I will definitely not lose." Leng Fuyao has always been arrogant, how could he say such a shameful thing.

The two souls competed in a small space. Although Xiao Yan's soul power suppressed Leng Fuyao, Xiao Yan found that Leng Fuyao's control of soul power had reached a peak. She is a lot stronger, I'm afraid she really can't deal with her.

"Hehe, what your Excellency said is very true." Faced with Leng Fuyao's admission of defeat, Xiao Yan immediately gave her the platform, and he was not serious. After all, Xiao Yan knew that Leng Fuyao's temperament was very strong. If you were serious with her , then I'm afraid I'll cause trouble for myself.

"You have eyesight."

"Master, he won."

"Give him something for promotion." Although Leng Fuyao was a bit harsh, he was never sloppy in the face of winning or losing.

"Hehe, you girl will still be soft, this is the first time I have seen this in so many years." This precious disciple of mine has been fighting against him, and Ye Meng will not forget this opportunity to ridicule her, and immediately said.

"..." Xiao Yan faced the two master and apprentice who were like living treasures, and his head was immediately covered with black lines.

"Let's go, I'll take you to the place to advance."

"It's not a joke to be promoted to the second-rank emperor rank pharmacist, and he also needs some other things." Ye Meng waved at Xiao Yan, and then spoke.

"Other things?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words.

Although I knew for a long time that it would not be too easy to break through to the second-rank emperor rank alchemist, I didn't expect it to be so complicated.

If you need other things, where do you go to ask?

"Hehe, don't worry, we have these things in our pharmacy."

"I was going to leave it to my two disciples for promotion, but I didn't expect it to be used by an outsider, alas." Ye Meng immediately said helplessly.

"In this way, I would like to thank Old Ye." Xiao Yan heard this and immediately knew Ye Meng's careful thinking, but he already had a master teacher, so naturally he would not switch to his sect, and could only follow him apologetically.

Ye Meng and Xiao Yan left the wooden house and headed for the deeper wooden house. Xiao Yan could feel that each of the three wooden houses contained extremely powerful restrictions. If ordinary people wanted to break in without authorization, I am afraid Harder than going to the sky.

"Is his name Xiao Yan? He really is a perverted guy."

"It's all my fault, teacher, who keeps pestering me every day to say that I'm the best alchemist in the world, now it's fine, this Xiao Yan..." Leng Fuyao said with a little emotion when he saw his master leave Xiao Yan.

"Junior Sister Fuyao, you are already very good. You can't just look at the surface."

"Perhaps you think Xiao Yan is very strong, but behind this power, there must be his dedication, and you are different, your path has been paved by Ye Meng, and it is impossible to catch up with him if everything is smooth sailing."

"Do you understand?" Qin Xin seemed to have some other relationship with Leng Fuyao, and immediately said comfortably.

"Sister Qinxin, you mean..." Leng Fuyao seemed to have heard something from Qinxin's words, and his eyes lit up immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You've been stuck here for too long, it's time to go out and have a look. I think your master should be very happy." Qin Xin said unabashedly.

"Master, will he agree..." When Leng Fuyao heard this, although he was overjoyed, he was still worried.

I was an abandoned girl who was undoubtedly picked up by my master. Although I always liked to fight against the first master and the second master, Leng Fuyao knew that the first master and the second master had already reached the level of blood and water with him, but it was just cold. Fuyao didn't want to admit it, so he kept running away.

"Trust me, they'll agree."

"And the ruins at the back just happened to go out to practice." Qin Xin finished speaking and sat down slowly without disturbing Leng Fuyao.

Although Leng Fuyao's soul power is extremely terrifying and his attainments are quite high, but after all, he is a flower in a greenhouse In this case, it is not enough to compete with other powerhouses, let alone Xiao Yan who is often in People who are on the verge of life and death do this.

"By the way, Elder Ye, this Leng Fuyao's soul power seems to be a bit strong, what's going on?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask on the road.

Just after fighting Xiao Yan in that small space, he found out that this Leng Fuyao is clearly only the soul power of the emperor's mortal-level peak, and he is the soul power of the emperor-level and earth-level small perfection, so it should be a situation of crushing However, the souls of Xiao Yan and Leng Fuyao were quite anxious about this. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's extraordinary combat experience, he would not have been able to defeat Leng Fuyao. This was what made Xiao Yan most helpless.

"Hehe, she."

"Have you ever seen a girl with soul power in the Innate Emperor Realm?" Ye Meng heard the words, and suddenly his voice became deep.

"what?"

"The soul power of the Xiantian Emperor Realm?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

Others don't know what this means, Xiao Yan himself doesn't know it!

The so-called congenital, is to have the soul power of the emperor realm at birth, which is a bit incredible.

There is a limit to a person's soul power. If you want to break through that limit, it will undoubtedly be more difficult than ascending to the sky, but the soul power of the Innate Emperor Realm means that Leng Fuyao's soul power will not be there before reaching the fairyland. Any obstacle, everything will be like a natural breakthrough!

This Leng Fu Yaoguang is such a little, that is enough to reach the existence of the Immortal Rank Alchemist in the future!

Ask for tickets!