Chapter Vol 4 1609: Try it out!

"You!" After the breath, as Xiao Yan's soul interfered with the display of fighting skills, Irene was directly defeated by Xiao Yan's successive attacks, and immediately roared at Xiao Yan in a rage.

It's not that Irene is playing with the eldest young lady's temper, it's just that Irene was wronged. She clearly had the absolute upper hand just now, how could she be defeated by Xiao Yan with such a single blow, which made Irene, the proud daughter of the earth, to be defeated. I was quite dissatisfied, and how could Irene expect such a thing.

"Offended." Xiao Yan's series of attacks just now, if it is a real death fight, I am afraid that Irene has fallen.

It was indeed Aileen who had the upper hand just now, but unfortunately, this genius woman in the underground courtyard, when she was hungry, Xiao Yan noticed that her soul power was quite weak, just like ordinary people, so her soul power was fatal to her. However, Xiao Yan also gave her enough face. If she didn't use her soul power at the beginning, otherwise this girl would be defeated even faster.

"I lost." Looking at Xiao Yan's deadly terrifying offensive, Irene pouted and said, but Xiao Yan's last blow was clearly enough to obliterate herself, but when he attacked him, suddenly Withdrawing her hand, although this move was only extremely small, it made Irene's impression of Xiao Yan quite good. After all, this Xiao Yan did not have a bad hand to destroy flowers. Otherwise, with Irene's character, if she was humiliated by her, even if it was a serious injury, It will also decide the real victory and defeat, so it will not be so easy to admit defeat.

"It's just opportunistic, I'm sorry." Xiao Yan heard the words, slowly withdrew his hand, and all his strength dissipated, scratching his head and smiling.

"It's not opportunistic, I just didn't expect that your fighting spirit and soul power are so tyrannical, it seems that Ling Yu was defeated in your hands, there are indeed traces to follow... But I still look forward to a dignified battle with you who use holy flame. "Although Irene has failed, this guy obviously has a good impression of Xiao Yan, and the reason for his good impression is naturally Xiao Yan's seemingly gentlemanly demeanor.

"This girl..." Outside the arena, looking at Irene, who was calmly admitting defeat, and greeted Xiao Yan with a smile, the old face of Headmaster Ai also smiled slowly. He knew how high-hearted Irene was. Being arrogant, being able to make her like this is enough to see Xiao Yan's excellence, and even though she lost this test, it might be a good thing for Irene.

"Irene has been defeated..." Seeing Xiao Yan defeating Irene by three, five and two, Ling Feng's face showed a hint of surprise, and he said.

"Since Lin'er has been defeated, we will no longer participate in the debate about the Earth Spirit Pagoda." Looking at Irene in the field, Headmaster Ai smiled happily. He knew that this time, Irene Although she lost, she has gained a lot, which will be of great benefit to her future cultivation. The goal is achieved, and there is no need to go to muddy waters.

"You!" When the headmaster Wen saw this, his old face sank. Most of the elders in the courtyard had been persuaded by Ling Feng, but only the two headmasters disagreed. The position of the headmaster was extraordinary, and now Ai The headmaster didn't even care about it, and the fact that he was alone and couldn't support it alone made this guy quite angry. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Teacher." After a while, Irene left the battle circle, came to the periphery, and said. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Look at me." Watching Eriner come back, Wen Yi, a weak scholar on the side, said.

Wen Yi, this guy is a well-known fighting madman. In the courtyard, only Ling Yu can suppress him. Now that Ling Yu is withering, he has enough hope to replace Ling Yu. What's more, it is said that this guy has fighting power. Even more tyrannical than Ling Yu.

"Let's start." Seeing Wen Yi like this, Ling Yuanzi stepped forward and said.

"Shabu Shabu!" Ling Yuanzi just made such a move, and suddenly there was a rather uneasy fluctuation in the space here.

"Crash!" Wen Yi rushed into the battlefield after Shun breathed.

"My name is Wen Yi... In the courtyard, both strength and ranking are number one." Just after entering the battlefield, Wen Yi and Xiao Yan were suspended in the void above Wang Yang at the same time, Wen Yi looked at Xiao indifferently. Yan said.

"Xiao Yan, Lingyuan, I'm not very interested in the so-called number one in the earth, but I remember that the so-called number one in the earth was in my hands." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled and said immediately. .

"Ling Yu's strength is not comparable to mine." Seeing Xiao Yan arguing against each other, Wen Yi was not angry and sneered.

"Let's fight." After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes became hot and he said.

"When I fight with people, there is only life and death, no victory or defeat." While speaking, a tyrannical black light suddenly emerged from under Wen Yi's scholar-like cloak.

"Darkness attribute?" Seeing this black light, Xiao Yan's expression became vigilant, and he spoke immediately.

"Original hand!" Without giving Xiao Yan any chance to react, Wen Yi snorted coldly, the black light in his sleeves emerged directly, and immediately wrapped his arm, countless dark lines appeared, at that time the arm was extremely terrifying, exuding a Endless darkness.

"Boom!" The next moment, Wen Yi's figure exploded, and the claws wrapped in black light turned into eagle claws shot directly at Xiao Yan.

"The Wall of Scarlet Flames!" Seeing such a terrifying blow, Xiao Yan's brows knitted together, the core of his body shook violently, and within a few breaths, the void in front of Xiao Yan turned into a huge fiery red wall.

"Boom!" The flame wall was naturally compressed by Xiao Yan's soul power to control the power of the Great Heaven Seed, but Wen Yi just arrived, and the huge flame wall was directly cut out by him. A huge hole.

"Four Star Fighting Immortals is complete... It really lives up to its reputation." Seeing this, Xiao Yan displayed his explosive technique and instantly escaped Wen Yi's attack distance.

"Do you only know how to run away?" Seeing Xiao Yan fleeing like a lost dog, Wen Yi's eyes became deep and he snorted coldly, his voice filled with disdain.

Wen Yi's strength is the same as Ling Feng's. Unfortunately, before Ling Yu's fall, he was defeated by him. Now he wants to regain his position, but it is impossible, so he can only put this move on Xiao Yan. .

"Swallowing inflammation!"

"Dragon God's first change!"

"bring it on!"

"The ultimate battle between the Spirit Academy and the Earth Academy powerhouse!" After a while, a dazzling flame of Dou Qi emerged from Xiao Yan's body, and his strength soared to the peak of the late four-star Dou Xian. Golden lines, the defense and strength of the whole person, to a higher level!

"This way... the battle is fun..."

"In this way, I am qualified to be my opponent, but I will not let you pass my level easily."

"Earth Spirit Pagoda, it can only be in the pockets of the powerhouses of our underground courtyard!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, a darker aura suddenly appeared around Wen Yi's body!

In an instant, the heavenly favored sons in these two earthling courtyards were no longer hiding, and the real battle was slowly unfolding at this moment.