Chapter Vol 4 2216: The last battle!

"..."

The entire altar of the elf was a little quiet. Obviously, no one thought that the terrifying Princess Alice would be defeated by Xiao Yan, and no one knew the secret of the last conversation between the two.

Even so, the huge movement created by Xiao Yan, an outsider, still made these elves with a proud aura in their hearts extremely unbelievable.

"Wonderful!"

"Clap clap clap!"

Immediately, in the center of the altar, a series of applause broke out, breaking the peace.

Princess Qianqin in the distance stood up abruptly, slender hands flapped, and an elegant and noble smile hung on the corner of her mouth.

"Princess, it seems that this time, we will win."

The two female bodyguards beside Qianqin saw that Alice was completely defeated, and their voices became sneering.

Without the existence of Princess Alice, the great enemy, Princess Qianqin's victory is like something in the bag. Although I don't know why Alice lost to Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan also helped them invisibly and solved the problem for them. A huge problem.

"You, a human being, is the first time in nearly a hundred years that I have such a strong interest in me."

Princess Qianqin nodded her head beautifully, and in a blink of an eye, she turned her attention to Xiao Yan. Although this guy doesn't seem to be too dazzling, but once the battle breaks out, even she is a little bit of a formidable attack. Palpitations.

Sheng Yan, a battle formation master, the two identities alone are enough to make Xiao Yan famous.

The power of the holy flame naturally does not need to be repeated too much. The power of the formation pattern of the battle formation master, 10,000 paths corresponds to a star Dou Xian, and 100,000 paths corresponds to a reincarnation level. It is just a million paths that are comparable to gods in legends. Formation pattern, no one in the records of the Great Thousand World can achieve it.

"It's just a fluke."

Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and at the same time stood in the barrier of the altar, looking down at Princess Qianqin.

According to Xiao Yi's description, this Princess Qianqin is too low-key on weekdays, and there is no big or small wind and waves to pass on.

And with the power of his soul that is so arrogant now, he can't detect the slightest aura inside it?

Great enemy!

This Princess Qianqin is definitely a great enemy, her strength is not inferior to Alice, even more dangerous than Alice!

"If you two tribes are ready, let's start."

"After all, time is running out."

Second Elder Ma Lin got up and glanced lightly under the statue of Yao Ji in the center of the altar. It seemed that some hidden dark energy was spreading. The dark energy was extremely weak, but the power contained in it made one's heart palpitate!

"You holy flame, quite good."

Princess Qianqin walked out with graceful lotus steps, stepped out of the void and appeared in the barrier of the altar. There was an indescribably elegant aura lingering around her body.

"let's start."

Xiao Yan shook his head indifferently.

"Don't worry."

Regarding Xiao Yan's move, Princess Qianqin actually nodded slowly, a playful look flashing in her beautiful eyes.

"You are the only one left in your southern tribe. Do you think you can compete with the three reincarnations in our eastern village with your own strength?"

Princess Qianqin joked, she doesn't seem to be in any hurry for the next competition.

"Oh?"

Hearing this, Xiao Yan's eyes flickered, and there was a cold glow in the corner of his eyes.

What Qianqin said was not wrong. If the last two Reincarnation Rank and the first Reincarnation Rank use wheel battles to consume their own vindictive energy, this decisive battle would be a bit shaky.

"I know your full strength is more than that, and I also really want to see the peak of those powers in your body."

"So... use all your strength to fight me!"

"The two contenders in my eastern tribe will automatically abstain, so your enemy is only me!"

"If you can defeat me, our three tribes are willing to bow their heads and call you the strongest!"

Princess Qianqin's beautiful eyes narrowed slightly, and the delicate body standing in the enchantment stepped out one step, and her voice resounded through the sky like the sound of heaven. It was filled with an unprecedented terrifying coercion, emanating from that petite and weak body. , in sharp contrast.

"Princess!"

Hearing what the princess said, the two reincarnation-level maids who supported the princess couldn't help roaring in a hurry.

"To shut up!"

Princess Qianqin seemed determined to do this, and waved her hands at will. The Xeon's coercion made the two dare not show any resistance.

"Hoohoo!"

Xiao Yan took a deep breath, the breath all over his body was natural, and the amber flames lingered around his body to form a beautiful and splendid figure armor. It turned out that Princess Qianqin's coercion had no effect, because Xiao Yan's chest was filled with flames. The small cauldron was looming, and under the blessing of this thing, Xiao Yan's principle armor appeared extremely gorgeous, and the ancient and mysterious fluctuations were slowly released.

"Okay!"

"bring it on!"

There was a faint smile hanging on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, his whole body was incomparably tyrannical, and his eyes were fixed on Princess Qianqin.

"Since that's the case, let's start the last battle!"

Second Elder Ma Lin nodded with satisfaction. After announcing the start of the competition, his eyes were also fixed on the two in the enchantment.

"Although I don't like killing when I fight with people, if you hide it, I'm afraid you will only sacrifice your life in vain!"

Princess Qianqin's figure stretched out, accompanied by an understated voice, the energy in the entire barrier actually boiled up, suppressing the countless energies in this barrier to the extreme!

"Stop talking nonsense, the matter of the fire elves will end completely today!"

"Saint Flame Kaiyi!"

On top of Xiao Yan's body, an amber armor appeared, and his entire body was fully armed. Above the armor, five-colored energy flames slowly swam. The energy nature in the energy flame is noisy.

As heavy as a rock and like some terrible flames that restrain the soul, etc.!

"This holy flame is really weird, but just relying on it is not enough!"

"The skill of fire, the dark brown spirit palm!"

As Princess Qianqin's sweet voice fell, her icy and jade-bright wrist was raised and floated over the corner of her lips. She opened her pink lips and blew lightly. A touch of silver energy swept out like a thunder and rage, and contained a terrifying power. The pressure actually made the whole world buzz.

The palm of his hand pointed out towards Xiao Yan's place, and the terrifying and surging energy swept away.

"Whoa!"

However, just when everyone thought that Xiao Yan would make a fool of himself, a majestic figure lingered behind Xiao Yan, his body trembled, and with the terrifying power above Saint Yan Kaiyi, under the watchful eyes of countless people, Princess Qianqin's silver thunder palm print shattered abruptly!

"That's how fun!"

Seeing Xiao Yan taking her own attack so easily, Princess Qianqin did not feel any displeasure, the pink bracelet on her wrist was faintly bursting with terrifying power, the cyan dress swayed with the wind, but the jade behind her back Qin did not move.

But the more you put it down like this, the hearts of everyone can't help but go to their throats, because they know it.

At this moment, the storm is about to come!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: