Chapter Vol 2 745: calm

"Hehe, you kid, you keep bringing me some surprises." As many disciples dispersed, Mu Xuzi came to Xiao Yan's side, and slowly touched Xiao Yan's shoulder with a fist.

This fist looks fierce, but it is actually an encouragement to Xiao Yan!

This kid really loves to create miracles!

"This is also thanks to the deputy hall master." Xiao Yan smiled and said to Mu Xuzi, obviously wanting to give the credit to Mu Xuzi.

"Hehe, come on, your kid is very clever." Seeing this, Mu Xuzi laughed immediately, he would not be fooled.

Although receiving this credit can bring him a lot of benefits, Mu Xuzi is not such a person.

"Okay, then rest and wait for the ruins to open. Calculate the time, it should still be a few months."

"In a few months, it's enough for you to think about it."

"But in the past few months, don't run around for me, you kid, you won't cause me trouble again." Mu Xuzi analyzed Xiao Yan.

"Disciple obeys." Xiao Yan agreed and then returned to Mu Yingying's side.

"Big brother, are you alright?" Xiao Yi asked when Xiao Yan came back.

Because when Xiao Yan and Zhu Yuan played against each other just now, Xiao Yi noticed that the flame in Xiao Yan's body seemed to be unusual, and she immediately cared.

"fine."

"It's your kid, I haven't seen you for a few days, and your strength actually shows a faint sign of breaking through." Xiao Yan felt the power of the flames that kept rising in Xiao Yi's body and smiled.

That kind of sign is clearly the feeling of breaking through!

"Breaking through should be a bit difficult, so I can only pin my hopes on the ruins this time. I'll come to you at night to talk about it in detail." Xiao Yi said beside Xiao Yan's ears. Obviously, although the people here are almost scattered, Qin Xin Ling Xuan and the core disciples of the Earth Palace have not left yet.

"En." Facing Xiao Yi's seriousness, Xiao Yan naturally knew that there must be something to hide, and immediately agreed softly.

"Xiao Yan, congratulations." Ling Xuanbei bit her lip and walked slowly towards Xiao Yan.

"Also, congratulations on your successful cultivation of the treasure of your palace." Facing Lingxuan's inquiries, Xiao Yan responded indifferently.

"I left beforehand, and I will come back to play with you when I have time in the future." But the next moment, the little witch returned to her usual liveliness and walked away, obviously wanting to inform the Palace Master of the good news.

Seeing this, the core disciples in the other halls also left one after another. At this time, only Qin Xin was left.

"I didn't expect you to hide so deeply, and you actually possess the soul power of the emperor realm. No wonder you dared to agree to my request before." Qin Xin smiled.

"Hehe, that's natural. If you don't have any ability, it's really hard to win this job." Xiao Yan was not surprised at all because Qin Xin saw through his own details. After all, Xiao Yan deliberately released his soul power to let everyone know. Yes, in order to shock other people.

"I have everything you need ready, and it will arrive in a few days."

"At that time, things between us should also be able to start, and try to get it right before the ruins open..." Qin Xin said slightly.

"No problem, when your stuff arrives, you can come to Wuzhuju to find me at any time."

"I will always be in Wuzhuju since the opening of the ruins." Xiao Yan said.

"It's better to let you rest for a few days." Qin Xin smiled and left slightly.

Because she knew that although she was impatient, letting Xiao Yan come to refine it at this time would undoubtedly have a low success rate.

"What's the secret between you and her?" Qin Xin just left when Mu Yingying frowned and asked.

"It's nothing, it's just refining medicinal pills." Xiao Yan saw Mu Yingying suddenly asking, and immediately did not hide it.

"Oh."

"In that case, let's go back first."

"The influence of Xiao Yan this time will probably spread in the Fenxiang Pavilion for several days, so you should go out of the simple residence in the past few months." Mu Feng suddenly smiled maliciously.

"Damn, it's so troublesome..." Xiao Yan came back to his senses, slightly surprised, obviously quite big.

Xiao Yan naturally underestimated the power caused by this person's treasured fighting skills.

"Let's go, we should go too."

"This news will be known to the entire Fenxiang Pavilion in a short time, and it is estimated that it will be a prosperous world by then." Mu Xuzi directly hid the Shimen on the fourth floor of the Douji Pavilion, and then turned to Xiong Yuan. Open your mouth.

"This time in your Human Palace, it seems that there is an extraordinary disciple." Xiong Yuan stared at Xiao Yan and the direction where they disappeared for a long time.

"Hey, your Earth Palace and Heavenly Palace have been prestige for so many years, and the feng shui has taken turns. Now it's time to come to our Human Palace." Mu Xuzi laughed, and then walked away without waiting for Xiong Yuan. The place, astonishingly, was heading towards the place where Zhu Jin lived.

"Yo, who made our Miss Tiandian angry?"

"Sit here alone and glum."

"Let me guess, didn't you enter the Dou Ji Pavilion, how is the situation?" A rather funny laughter sounded slowly.

"Teacher, you're making fun of me again." Qin Xin was sitting on a path in the woods, and when she heard this voice, she didn't have to think about it, it was her own master, such as the deputy head of the hall today, Qing Lao.

"The treasure of the Temple of Heaven, I have indeed successfully cultivated, but this thing is not suitable for me. I always feel that this fighting technique is specially designed for the holy flame Qin Xin said helplessly. a sentence.

"Hehe, naturally I can't blame you for this. After all, this Burning Heaven Jue must be used mainly from the power of holy flame, but the creator should have ignored the rarity of holy flame."

"There are only thirty-six holy flames in the entire Great Thousand World. It's even more difficult to find one, let alone cultivating." The old man shook his head.

"teacher."

"Xiao Yan, he succeeded." Qin Xin hesitated for a while, but decided to tell her master.

"This guy……"

"I originally thought that this guy's talent was good enough, but I didn't expect it to be a miscalculation in the end."

"The boy who can decipher the secrets in the treasure fighting skill scroll of the Hall of People, I am afraid that this guy has only a lot more secrets than you." The old man was surprised, and then said solemnly.

Most of them are the deputy hall masters of the three halls of heaven, earth and people. They all know that the fighting skills in that hall are tyrannical, simple or difficult, but there is no doubt that the treasure of the hall in this hall will be the most difficult, but at the same time The power is also the most powerful!

"So discouraged?"

"It's not like you." Seemingly aware of a hint of hesitation in the girl's beautiful eyes, the old man said.

"Teacher, do you think Xiao Yan is too good, or it's me..." Qin Xin suddenly said sadly.

"Xin Er, believe in yourself in everything, everyone has their own experience."

"Just be yourself." Qing Lao saw that his precious apprentice was like this, and immediately ordered Qin Xin.

"I see, thank you master." After a long time, Qin Xin's cheeks suddenly showed a smile that belonged to her, and then she raised a confident smile and smiled at Qing Lao. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: