Chapter Vol 4 1883: Demon world situation!

In the cracks of time and space, there is no daylight, but these passages are as deep and evil as wormholes, making people feel uncomfortable, and even Xiao Yan did not pay attention, there are traces of rare evil fluctuations in the cracks of time and space, just like the evil spirits of foreigners. smell.

Of course, Xiao Yan and Die Qi were slowly flying through the cracks in time and space. With their speed, it would take ten days at least to reach the Myriad Demon Nation.

Seeing Die Qi beside him like a curious baby, Xiao Yan also took advantage of this time to chat with him. Through this conversation, Xiao Yan had a deeper understanding of the demon kingdom of the demon world. Although Die Qi was naive, he Better than reading many ancient books in the demon world, it is like a walking ancient book.

The Demon Realm is extremely vast. Even though the Demon Realm is only divided into a hundred countries, each Demon Realm covers an area of ​​10,000 miles. It is so vast that it is staggering. Moreover, the overall territory of the Demon Realm is in Daqian. The world, second only to the human world, is the second largest realm worthy of the name.

"By the way, girl, do you know the current situation in the demon world?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively to ease the quietness of the long journey.

"The situation in the demon world... I know!"

"Since the end of the first world war, the demon emperor has unified the chaotic demon world and divided it into a hundred kingdoms, and then selected the strongest and smartest from the demon beasts to be the king of the demon kingdom, splitting the entire demon world. It became completely obvious at a glance.”

"However, the good times did not last long. Soon after the news of the fall of the Demon Emperor came out, many kings of the Demon Kingdom in the Hundred Kingdoms were eager to move, and they secretly trained their troops in an attempt to divide the situation in the Demon World."

"And the three elites under the Demon Emperor, Lord Black Evil Dragon Wolf, White Bone Evil King, and Tyrant Tianxiong divided the demon world into a hundred countries."

"The Heishan Dragon Wolf has sworn to follow the Lord Demon Emperor to the death, and the Heisha Dragon Wolf may be relatively low in strength, only at the level of an eight-star fighting immortal, but his wisdom is quite high, and because he has a trace of the blood of the dragon family, he has been beaten by many strong men. In addition to the fact that the demon emperor once gave a lot of supernatural grace to the demon world, he now has the background of twenty countries, but his power is the weakest among the many demon beast forces. Of course, our country of ten thousand demons is also a black evil. A territory under Lord Longlang." Die Qi explained carefully.

"In the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, it is indeed weaker." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded slowly. After all, the Demon Emperor is already a mirror of reincarnation.

"Second is the Tianxiong tyrant. He controls as many as 30 countries, which has endangered the safety of the demon world, and behind him is the support of reincarnation powerhouses, vaguely trying to rule the entire demon world, in addition to his eight-star battle The power of Immortal Perfection can be said to be the real giant in the demon world." Die Qi Zaidu said.

"Does this guy have a big grievance with the Black Devil Dragon Wolf?" Xiao Yan secretly wrote it down and immediately asked.

"It seems that the two forces are like fire and water, and the battle between these two forces is the most intense in the ancient battlefield." Die Qi said softly.

"There is also the last person named White Bone Demon King. His strength has reached the level of reincarnation. He is the first **** of war under the demon emperor. Now he controls the power of twenty-five kingdoms. It seems that his intention is not to rule the demon world, but to fight With the slogan of revenge for the demon emperor, he tried to gather the powerhouses of the demon world and attack the other six realms."

"It is also a bystander situation for this kind of battle."

"Besides, there are the seven demon kings under the three kings. The strength of the seven demon kings is almost only at the level of eight-star fighting immortals. Let's compete." Die Qi analyzed Xiao Yan seriously.

"Well... what happened to the ancient battlefield?" Xiao Yan wrote down these important news and immediately asked.

"The ancient battlefield is a real battlefield. Because the three powerhouses and the seven demon kings reached a consensus, they were afraid that the battle between them would damage the land of the demon world, so they put all the battles into the ancient battlefield."

"The so-called ancient battlefield is a special space where the demon emperor led the army of the demon world to resist the evil race from outside the first world war. It is full of countless bones and relics of countless demon world powers, and it is also full of crises."

"The power of the three powerhouses is now approaching the ancient battlefield, and the battle that has been stalemate for thousands of years, I am afraid it will be completely over soon." Die Qi said quite frightened. , I don't know how many monsters will fall.

"The situation is really strange now, but if the Demon Emperor appears, will these guys wave their hands?" Xiao Yan suddenly said this.

"what?"

"Master Demon Emperor appeared?" Die Qi was frightened by Xiao Yan's words and hurriedly said.

According to Die Qi's cognition, hasn't the demon emperor already fallen? How could he still show up?

And if the Demon Emperor hadn't fallen, how could his many subordinates dare to rebel?

"Is there a problem?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

"There are many legends about Lord Monster Emperor, even I am afraid of him. If Lord Monster Emperor shows up, I believe that the demon world will be unified, and even these powerhouses will be self-defeating!"

"However, Lord Monster Emperor seems to have been obliterated by the powerhouses of the three realms of devil and Buddha, how could it be possible..." Die Qi said in confusion.

"Now, I know what to do." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

With Xiao Yan's current strength I'm afraid he really doesn't have the strength to turn the whole demon world around, unless he uses the power of the devil, but the price is too huge, and if he finds the demon emperor to help him break the seal, I'm afraid All this will be relieved, and this is Xiao Yan's top priority now.

"By the way, is there any way to find the Black Evil Dragon Wolf?" Xiao Yan asked after Shun Qi.

"If you want to find Lord Heisha Longlang, I am afraid that you have to go to the Ten Thousand Demons to join the army, so as to enter the ancient battlefield, perform dazzlingly or have outstanding military exploits, Heisha Longlang will personally summon him and give him a reward."

"It seems that there is only one way now." Die Qi pouted.

"Join the army? You won't let me start from scratch..." Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help but feel dark. Joining the army is probably the only way to start from scratch, but now Xiao Yan doesn't have so much time. With strict discipline in the middle and even the scene where he could only start all over again, Xiao Yan felt a black heart.

"Lord Xiao Yan, don't worry, now the demon world is in a troubled time, and you won't start from scratch. A person with strength like Sir Xiao Yan or someone with unique skills may directly participate in the election of the generals of the demon beast army after joining the army." Butterfly said quite thoughtfully.

"Are there any higher positions in the monster army?"

"In the monster army, from the lowest monster soldier, the squad leader, the leader, the general, to the highest monster commander!"

"Young handsome?"

"The minimum requirement of Yaoshuai is to start with Eight Star Fighting Immortals, maybe..."

"It's decided, it's handsome!"

"..." After a chat, the two of them were also slowly arriving in the Myriad Demon Nation.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.