Chapter Vol 4 1632: The protected 7 dredging soul cups!

"Tick-tock-tick!" A sound of dripping water, like a dead silence, slowly emerged, and in this sound, there was actually a refreshing magic, as if listening carefully, it would be controlled by it, which was quite strange.

"Gulugulu!" A wave of squirming in the space channel emerged, and Xiao Yan's figure immediately penetrated the shackles of the last space channel and entered the deepest part of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

This is the fifth floor of the so-called Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"What a tyrannical pressure..." Before the dazzling white light around his body disappeared, Xiao Yan felt a huge pressure permeating his body. The scenery was shrouded in this dazzling light.

"Weng buzzing!" During this period, Xiao Yan remained still, and after a few breaths, the white light all over his body dissipated, and the panorama of this space poured into Xiao Yan's mind.

"Gollum!"

"This...is this still the fifth floor?" Just as he glanced around, a stunned heart filled Xiao Yan's heart. Xiao Yan swallowed hard, his throat became dry, and he looked up at the appalling scenery in front of him and lost his voice.

The fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, this is the core of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, so in this world, a dazzling atmosphere is paving the way.

Looking around, this is actually a world as transparent as white paper. In the entire space, white occupies about 90%, and only a small part of other colors are left.

At this time, Xiao Yan was standing in the void of the fifth floor. Looking down, a rather peculiar scene filled the center of this white world, but even with Xiao Yan's current strength and soul power, he was watching with his eyes. When he reached the center of the white world, he couldn't help but tremble.

The white world is as spotless as white paper. There is a special power in the space that has been suppressing Xiao Yan, and in the center, this feeling is even stronger.

In the center, there are two towering ancient trees as high as 100 zhang in size. The ancient trees are simple as a whole, and the mysterious lines around them permeate the body, as if they are guarding something, but their whole body is filled with a rather peculiar fragrance. It is this fragrance. , making Xiao Yan invariably vigilant.

"They...seem to be protecting something." Xiao Yan murmured while looking at the towering ancient trees with lush foliage in the distance.

"Be careful, I am afraid that there are powerful people in this space." After a while, the voice of Soul Eater became weaker, as if he was looking for the source of this breath, but it was a pity that Soul Eater did not reveal his identity. , so I didn't dare to use too much power, and I didn't find out any secrets for a while.

"I've already come here. I can't go back empty-handed. Let's go and have a look." After a short while, Xiao Yan calmed down his state of mind. With the help of the power of the void, he walked towards the two towering ancient trees.

"This is..." The figure surged, and it took a few breaths to come to the center of the fifth floor. Suddenly Xiao Yan's figure suddenly retreated, exiting the shrouded area of ​​the towering ancient tree, and then frowned, because he almost Stepping into the envelope of the two ancient trees, the power of destruction made Xiao Yan feel a chill in his heart.

At this moment, Xiao Yan had already come to the edge of the two towering ancient trees, but as the distance approached, the remaining panorama of this space was immediately seen by Xiao Yan.

The distance between the two towering ancient trees is dozens of meters, but from the edge of the two towering ancient trees, there is a strong force that completely wraps this place, as if protecting some treasure, but Xiao Yan's eyes directly penetrate With this strange power, his pupils shrank tightly, staring at a mysterious thing in the center of the two towering ancient trees.

The center of the two towering ancient trees is a rather ordinary scene. A seemingly ordinary wooden wooden table appears in the center of the two ancient trees. The wooden table is round and only supported by one corner. As for the wooden table, on the wooden table, a bronze-colored lamp-like thing slowly disappeared into Xiao Yan's line of sight.

"Is this the Qidu Yin Soul Cup?" Xiao Yan's pupils became extremely dignified, and at this time his lips became dry.

"Qidu Inducing Soul Cup, this thing is not an immortal weapon fighting technique, but its effect is ecstatic, because with this soul cup, it can protect one's own soul power from extinction, so use it All kinds of mysteries, and finally regain his peak."

"I have seen this thing by chance once, so I know how to use it, but that time I saw it, it was not in Li Soul Domain, and it is no longer in the hands of Li Soul Lord." Xiao Yan and the Master of Soul Eater did not act rashly, because they both knew that such treasures with the power of heaven must be guarded by the strongest.

"Where did the Qidu Yinhun lamp come from?" Seeing his teacher say this, Xiao Yan asked in doubt.

"This thing, if I saw it at the beginning, is probably the product of the most mysterious 'Shadow Ghost Cave' in the ghost world." The Lord of Soul Eater said word by word, just talking about the so-called ' When I was in the "Shadow Ghost Cave", there was a sense of heaviness.

"Shadow Ghost Cave?" Xiao Yan lost his voice when he heard the words. Although Xiao Yan didn't know much about this place, Xiao Yan knew that this place was definitely the most dangerous place in the ghost world. one.

From this, it is enough to see that this most mysterious place in the ghost world also has its own unfathomable depths.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately cast his gaze towards the Qidu Yinhunzhan below.

On the wooden table, a bronze-colored lamp stands quietly. The lamp is only the size of an arm. The bottom tray that carries the lamp is made of silver light spots colluding. In front of the silver light spots, Xiao Yan felt like this for a while. Looking down on the bottom tray, the round lampposts are quite round, as if some mysterious power has been injected into them, and they are wrapped by countless mysterious patterns. The patterns not only have birds and beasts, but also have dragon and phoenix patterns. , quite mysterious and contains a special power, after this, is the wick of the lamp.

The wick was flickering with a pale yellow flame. If you counted it carefully, it turned out to be seven wicks. Each wick seemed to contain a terrifying power that eclipsed the color of the world. Each of the seven wicks emerged with a faint flame, and seven flames. Surrounding the edge of the lamp, and the center of the circular tray containing the seven lamps, seems to be a little mysterious beating, beating slowly, extremely mysterious.

"Little guy, it's time to end." After a while, in the white space, a vicissitudes of life sounded like bursts of Sanskrit sounds that filled the entire space. With the appearance of this sound, Xiao Yan's body was filled with the Holy Flame Heart and even the Spirit Palace. In many places, an extremely strong tremor erupted, as if encountering a fatal threat, it automatically protected the master.