Chapter Vol 4 1527: Quiet before leaving!

"This guy named Xiao Yan really has something incredible on his body." Heavenly Pluto, who was hiding in the dark, naturally saw through Xiao Yan's little trick just now, but he didn't expose it. After all, such a thing as a soul avatar, However, very few people will go to refining, and the moment Xiao Yan's soul clone appeared just now, he directly absorbed the tyrannical Dan Lei in the Dan Lei Tribulation. The soul clone of the level, even the Heavenly Pluto has never seen it.

"This guy named Xiao Yan really has a lot of secrets, do you need to investigate it carefully?" Zuo Mu looked at Xiao Yan and his soul avatar who were passing by in the air, and the corners of his mouth wriggled.

"No need, such a talented person is definitely different from ordinary people, and I always feel that this guy will add a lot of prestige to our Yinhuntian when he joins the Li Soul Realm." Tian Pluto laughed.

"By the way, my lord, Du Tianhong from Dongzhou's Forged Knife Thunder Valley gave us the Lei Di scepter. It is said that the criminals who attacked them in Dongzhou and some special existences were sealed inside."

"These guys seem to be plotting some kind of plan," Zuo Mu said.

"Take it, this time, you will lead these dozens of people to Li Soul Realm with me." King Tianming responded slowly and said.

"By the way, there is also Du Tianhong's daughter, Duo Qifei. With her, there are eleven people who have entered Li Soul Domain this time. Go down and prepare."

"In a few days, we will set off." King Hades closed his eyes slightly and said.

"Douqifei?"

"Although that Nizi is of good strength, she is also the daughter of Du Tianhong, but entering Li Soul Realm is a bit unqualified. After all, Li Soul Realm is..." Zuo Mu couldn't help but wonder.

"You don't need to ask so much, she is the person Li Hunyu named, and you will know when you arrive at Li Hunyu." King Pluto pretended to be profound.

"Okay." When Zuo Mu heard the words, he also went down to inform the eleven people to go.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan had just finished refining the medicinal pills, but he didn't stop for a while. After saying goodbye to Heavenly Pluto directly, he went to live in front of Xiao Gui and the others. Fortunately, Heavenly Pluto did not pretend to make things difficult. It went well on the road.

"Big brother!" Just arrived at the residence of the Dongzhou powerhouse, opened the door, and suddenly Xiao Gui and Du Qifei slowly stood in the living room, as if they had learned about their whereabouts and deliberately waited for him. .

"Hehe." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help grinning.

"Brother, what happened to the Poison Demon Empress in the end?" Xiao Gui couldn't help but asked in a fiery heart.

Although he didn't know why, Xiao Gui knew that his eldest brother, Xiao Yan, indeed had an extremely terrifying power, and the oppression given to him by that power was not inferior to that of Pluto.

"The Demon Empress of Dusha has run away, but all the powerhouses in the world and the Dusha family have completely fallen into the Demon Suppression Prison." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, his voice full of pity.

"Are you all right?" Duo Qifei heard the words, but did not bother to ask Xiao Yan about the process, but only cared about Xiao Yan's safety.

"I'm fine, I'm afraid I just need to wait for the time to pass, then Lord Pluto will take us to Li Soul Realm." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Li Soul Territory." Duo Qifei was stunned when she heard the name. Obviously she also knew that this place that dominates the countless plane continents under Li Soul Territory of the ghost world, once you go there, add As a person who is reincarnated, I am afraid that this life will not be too peaceful. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Don't worry, don't put too much pressure on yourself." Seeming to see through Duan Qifei's troubles, Xiao Yan said, obviously although reincarnation has many advantages, it also has many disadvantages.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"En." Duo Qifei agreed slightly.

After a night of silence, everyone immediately rested and left, and except for the three people here, the remaining nine people were also quite hot at this time.

"Senior sister, this trip to the Demon Suppression Prison is really dangerous." At Tianyin's residence, Liu Yun stared helplessly at his Senior Sister Nebula, and there was a rare gratification in his voice. Okay, it was originally for slaughtering evil things to get points, but in the end, the Demon Empress of Poison Brake broke the seal and almost killed them, which was quite dangerous.

But in any case, they have also obtained the qualifications to enter Li Soul Realm, which is enough.

"It has always been the master's dream to enter Li Hun Territory. This time we helped master to realize it. Next time I return to Yin Hun Tian, ​​I will definitely give master a surprise." At this time, Xing Yun looked like a little girl, and the corners of his eyes flickered slowly. It is quite soft. Although their Tianyin Sect is strong, they have never entered the Soul Li Soul Realm, so this is also a major event for their sect. Now that the two of them have obtained the qualifications to enter the Li Soul Realm at the same time, it is natural that they are divided. Excited outside.

As soon as the words fell, the two were also relieved, and seductive movements emerged one after another.

"Senior brother, Li Soul Territory... what kind of existence is that?" Lin Lin asked Lin Yuan in the Wanhun Palace. Obviously, the two of them now have the qualifications to enter Li Soul Territory. Naturally, they are quite hot.

"Li Soul Territory That is the core that holds the countless planes under Li Soul Territory. It is the place where all the peak powerhouses of Li Soul Territory live. The powerhouses there are like clouds and extremely dangerous."

"But on the contrary, the resources there, even the opponents, are quite tyrannical and rich." Lin Yuan's voice was full of a hint of oppression, but more than that, it was excitement!

As long as they can join Li Soul Territory, then they will be among the powerhouses who have reached the top of Li Soul Territory. At that time, I am afraid that their names will exist in the entire Seven Realms.

In Li Soul Domain, the cultivation resources can be said to be enormous, and with the addition of tyrannical opponents, the road to the strong seems to be slowly unfolding towards them.

"Susu... Li Soul Territory."

"I don't know if this time, I will be able to forge some other secrets." Liu Yang of the Thousand Puppet Ghost Sect hid in the dark and spoke slowly. Obviously, it was not the first time that their sect had entered Li Soul Realm, so it was the same for this place. Some are quite familiar.

"Li Soul Territory..." Shen Jun from the Soul Beast Alliance also laughed at this time. Obviously, being able to join Li Soul Territory is enough to allow the strength behind them to gain a lot of benefits.

"Li Soul Realm... This time I enter Li Soul Realm, I must find the entrance to the dark plane, and then control the dark power. Our Ghost Shadow Valley can also break away from Li Soul Realm and become the eighth realm, the world of the underworld. host!"

"Hahaha!" Hei Jue of Ghost Shadow Valley smiled strangely at this time.

It's just that he doesn't know that the so-called underworld is actually included in the seven worlds, and it is a stronghold in the seven worlds. It is only when he finds the entrance to the underworld in the future that he realizes that all this is just the end of the world. It's just a conspiracy in the hands of the strong.

At the same time, the other places are also quietly waiting for the time to come. Once the time comes, they will be led directly to Li Soul Realm by Heavenly Pluto!