Chapter Vol 4 1376: Exit, discuss countermeasures!

"Hey... Xiao Yan and the others have been in the Thunder Pond for almost a month, why hasn't there been any sign of them coming out?" In the interior of the Thunder Pond, a large group of figures couldn't help but look at each other.

Most of them also entered the Thunder Pond, but they didn't go deep into the core area of ​​the Thunder Pond. After they only gained something, they had to withdraw because they couldn't withstand the attack of Thunder Pond's dazzling power of thunder.

"The core area of ​​Thunder Pond does have some kind of treasure, but there are extremely tyrannical restrictions set up there, so with our strength, we can't get in." Liu Qing's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, looking up at the sky suspended in mid-air. At the entrance of the Void Thunder Pond in the middle, I couldn't help but say.

Although Liu Qing had a strange treasure in his body and was a high-ranking member of the Holy See, he was helpless in the face of this situation.

"I hope they can succeed." After shaking his head helplessly, Yun Qi also spoke slightly.

Until now, the only figures who have not come out are Mu Ge, Xiao Yan, and Du Qifei. No matter who of these three succeeds, it will be a great help to them.

"Master Yun, outside the Thunder Pond, it has been completely eroded by evil things. This Thunder Pond is our last habitat."

"Moreover, the powerhouses in Thunder Valley of Forging Swords still haven't got in touch with us." Among the crowd, a very popular man said.

"Don't worry, we will solve these things." Yun Qi didn't want to say it at first, but looking at the thousands of disciples around, some timid or even fearful expressions, he couldn't help comforting.

"Weng buzzing!" At the next moment, a figure could not help but appear in the void thunder pool in the air. This figure was charred all over, and the figure was extremely embarrassed. Just after it appeared, it fell towards the bottom at the speed of free fall.

"Sorry..." After everyone helped the man up, a slightly apologetic voice suddenly appeared.

"Mage, have you failed too..." Yun Qi couldn't help but said.

"The restriction in the core area of ​​Thunder Pond is too strong, even I can't break it." Mu Ge forced his weak body and couldn't help saying.

"Whoa!"

"A cowardly human, come out and die!" And just when everyone's heart was dead, a deafening voice suddenly entered the Thunder Pond.

"Hua Fei?" The crowd looked up and saw that outside the Thunder Pond, countless azure light groups wrapped around it. One of the men who was shrouded in the azure light had an extremely evil wave emanating from the corner of his mouth. With a downward attitude, he said to everyone in the Thunder Pond.

"I said why I didn't see Hua Fei, it turned out to be under the control of a foreign evil clan..." Feng Yu also muttered.

"Samsung Dou Xian early..." Yun Qi's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and a wave of reluctance emerged in his heart.

"Are the mere humans some timid rats?" After Hua Fei was controlled, both his strength and his temperament had undergone very strange changes. At this time, he was speaking to the people hiding in the thunder pool in a very strange tone. .

"Senior Sister Yunqi, take care of yourself, everything will wait until Senior Brother Xiao Yan and Senior Sister Duo Qifei leave the customs." Other contestants also noticed the violent ups and downs in Yun Qi's body, but couldn't help but say, after all, at this time Yun Qi Qi, but among their group, one of the most powerful people.

"En." In Yun Qi's beautiful eyes, a rare teardrop swirled in her eyes, and then she forcibly held it back.

"grown ups!"

"These guys are hiding in the Thunder Pond, what should we do?" Beside Hua Fei, some strong people who were not weak also spoke slowly. Obviously, these were contestants who were controlled by the evil race from outside the territory.

"Attack Thunder Pond." After thinking for a while, Hua Fei said evilly.

"But the power of thunder in the thunder pool will make our subordinates disappear..." Some figures couldn't help but said.

"Attack Leichi at all costs!" Hua Fei suddenly became angry at the next moment and spoke directly.

"Yes, my lord!" Hua Fei was the supreme ruler of these evil people at this time, so no one dared to disobey him. Although Lei Chi would cause them heavy losses, it was not important.

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, the faint blue rays of light rushed towards the Thunder Pond recklessly, trying to break through the Thunder Pond's defense with his own life.

"Hey!" The dark green evil light just touched the edge of the thunder pond, and suddenly one after another tyrannical silver thunder appeared, and it would be completely obliterated, and there would be no ashes left.

"No, although the power of Thunder Pond is tyrannical, but it is so consumed by evil people, I am afraid that its power will also be exhausted. At that time, I am afraid it will be our doomsday."

"Jointly resist them!" Liu Qing noticed the thoughts of these evil people, and immediately snorted and spoke directly.

"Go!"

"Sonic Thunder!"

"Water cane!"

"Wind Eagle..."

"..." One after another tyrannical energy ripples emerged directly from the hands of many strong people in the Thunder Pond. Until now, they have not dared to keep their hands at all, just to guard the last line of defense.

"Humph!" At this moment, in the thunder pool, a dazzling sound of thunder with a shocking atmosphere filled the entire thunder pool abruptly.

"This is..." Hua Fei, who was outside the Thunder Pond, couldn't help being shocked when he heard the words. Even the dark blue evil power in his body was shaken away by the sudden sound of thunder.

"Qifei..."

"Miss Valley Master!" When he noticed a loud noise in the Void Thunder Pond, the eyes of the thousands of contestants below were only locked on the exit of the Void Thunder Pond.

"This fluctuation... it really succeeded." At this moment, the figure of the old Mingling Lei Jiao slowly diffused out.

"Senior Lei Jiao The figures of Xiao Yan and Du Qifei flashed out of the void thunder pool at the same time, and immediately stayed high in the sky.

"The fluctuation of the two of you...is really..." The old man of Mingling Leijiao couldn't help but feel a little gratified. Although it did not know that the guardian here was a remnant of the famous thunder master in the world, but it was It was found that Du Qifei at this time was very different from before entering.

"Xiao Yan, I'll leave this to you." Duan Qifei gave Xiao Yan a slight glance and said apologetically.

"Holy Flame!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly when he heard the words, and the bright khaki voice directly lingered inside and out of the Thunder Pond space.

"Senior, send me to the forbidden area." The next moment, Duan Qifei's eyebrows also flashed some special lines, and then the beautiful eyes closed slightly, and said to the Mingling Lei Jiao.

"Let's go together."

"After all, I promised that senior, so naturally I can't break my promise." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly when he heard the words, and there was a calm flicker in his voice.

Mobile version update fastest URL: