Chapter 242: All parties are moving!

With the milky white flame and red light rising from his body, Xiao Yan moved forward slowly, his dark brown pupils looking around from time to time.

Far away from the brown river, Xiao Yan also found that the water in this river is very clear, but the white bones in the river are too conspicuous, and ordinary people can't stay here.

At this time, there was a faint cry of crying in this space, but unfortunately it was not real.

Xiao Yan picked up Fen Jue and walked towards the depths of the space, where there was a huge rock...

It's just that no matter whether Xiao Yan uses powerful soul power or spiritual power, he cannot perceive the inside of that huge rock.

Immediately, he had to give up, and then carefully looked at this space.

This space is quite large, the radius should be hundreds of meters in size, but after the forbidden waters, there is a rock stele several feet high at the edge of the space, and there is a slight glow on the rock stele.

Not far from this stele, it is the bottom of this space, but there seems to be a strange cry from the stele.

Xiao Yan gently suppressed his footsteps, in order not to make a sound, his speed was extremely slow.

At this time, Xiao Yan was getting closer and closer to the stele, and there were many beads of sweat on his forehead. Obviously, with the information Xiao Yan knew, the stele in front of him was most likely the place where the twin ghost emperors were suppressed and sealed!

The twin ghost emperors are one twin, but even if it is half of the twin ghost emperors, Xiao Yan is quite afraid. After all, whether it is the cold pool or the twin ghost emperors in this town ghost well, they are too powerful for Xiao Yan. .

"Strange, how can there be an extremely terrifying ghost in this stone tablet..." When the distance was close, the Golden Dragon King, his master, also murmured.

"Could it be the twin ghost emperors..." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"Impossible. Although the ghost qi of the twin ghost emperors is strong, you should carefully sense the stone tablet in front of you." The Golden Dragon King said decisively.

"Oh?" Hearing that, Xiao Yan was also investigating.

With Xiao Yan's exploration, the stone tablet about ten meters away from Xiao Yan also became brighter.

After the stele became brighter, Xiao Yan was also surprised to discover that the ghost energy in this space was also extremely thin, so thin that it could be ignored.

"This stele is so terrifying..." With Xiao Yan's powerful soul power, he naturally knew that following Xiao Yan's investigation, the stele also seemed to wake up, and then devoured all the ghost energy in this space.

As the whole body of the stele became brighter, a breath that seemed to have awakened from the prehistoric times.

"Why is the ghost in this stone tablet so dignified?"

"And this seems to be a little different from the ghosts we encountered before..."

"It seems to be a bit like the soul clan aura on Dou Qi Continent..." Xiao Yan also said in surprise.

"Be careful, we'll leave if something goes wrong!" The Golden Dragon King also became vigilant.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded, and after speaking, he slowly walked towards the stone tablet.

"Why did someone break into the Sealed Land?"

"Shouldn't be..."

"The door of the seal is the joint seal of the three uncles..." Inside a pavilion, Hu Du's voice also became solemn. Obviously, they have some unique methods to investigate this sealed land.

Once someone steps into the sealed land, they will know it as soon as possible.

"Damn it, I hope it's not from the ghost world..." Wu Jiang also said solemnly.

Wu Jiang had participated in the previous battle of the ghost world, and he was very clear about the power of the twin ghost emperors.

Moreover, Wu Jiang also knew that this point grabbing competition has only been over in five days, and this ghost has not made any movement.

Too quiet is often a sign before a storm is coming!

"Can't wait, call us who are in charge of this competition to enter the corpse forest!"

"Half of the twin ghost emperors at Hanchi have broken through the seal..."

"As for the Yin Corpse Forest, the twin ghost emperors must not be allowed to break through the seal!"

"Otherwise, when the two merge into one, it will cause a **** storm in our Xuantian Santian!" After Wu Jiang finished speaking, he also waved his hands, and a gray light instantly shone on the periphery of the Infernal Corpse Forest.

"This is……"

"Into the forest signal!"

"Could it be that the ghosts inside have broken through the seal?"

"No, with the person in charge of Wujiang here, nothing will happen, let's go first."

There are constantly people talking outside the Infernal Corpse Forest, but without exception, they are all in charge of this point grabbing competition.

"Go!" After Wu Jiang finished speaking, he also flew up with a dignified expression, and then walked towards the entrance of the Yin Corpse Forest.

"Yeah." Hu Du also responded, and then chased after him.

As the two left, some ghosts appeared on the many crystal **** in the pavilion. From this appearance, it was obvious that the ghosts were looking for something.

"It's another..." On the second floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, piles of hills made up of humans were also piled up.

Muller is also exceptionally brilliant. Now he is commanding the ghosts in the ghost world, as well as some mainstays in the red mountains and red valleys, which makes Muller swell.

"Go ahead, this time our goal is to participate in all the contestants of this point looting competition, let us dedicate these ignorant humans to our Lord Ghost Emperor as a celebration of breaking the seal!" Muller also smiled strangely.

"Go!" The ghost beside Mueller also looked at each other and then disappeared.

It's just that there are many humans in the place where Mueller is. They are slowly falling asleep, but without exception, every human being has a dark chain on his body!

Obviously, the dark chains contained an extremely terrifying atmosphere, which firmly imprisoned these contestants.

At this time, there are still five days before the end of the points plundering competition, but at this time, the inner corpse forest is already chaotic, and the same scene is staged in countless places.

The men in black covered by black cloaks kept attacking and sneaking up on the contestants who participated in this point plundering competition. Ability, let the man in black carry away.

"Xiao Yan's little chops!"

"This time, I will definitely let you die without a burial!"

"Susu!" Mueller also laughed strangely.

"It's so terrifying..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he felt the terrifying aura above the stone tablet.

The aura on this stele is a ghost, but Xiao Yan has fought so many battles with the Soul Clan on the Dou Qi Continent, and he will not mistake the Spirit Clan's aura. This stele is clearly the Spirit Clan's aura. !

This important discovery reminded Xiao Yan of the ghost of the secluded spring he saw in the cold pond, and it seemed that it was also the body of the soul...

"There should be some connection between this ghost world and the soul clan..." Xiao Yan also wanted to understand.

"Who is trespassing in the forbidden area!"

Ask for a ticket!

There are so few tickets recently.

Ask for a recommendation ticket

After reading the book, please vote

The author will try to update...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: