Chapter 315: No. 18 on the Holy Flame List, Immortal Flame!

Immortal Emperor, an extremely huge force, also instantly filled the hall, and then the Immortal Emperor also slowly shook his head.

Then he also raised his forehead, and then looked at Xiao Yan's forehead. After confirming the degree, he also said, "Xiao Clan..."

"There are still descendants..."

Xiao Yan could also hear that there was an indescribable emotion in the voice of the Immortal Emperor.

"Senior, I've offended you." Xiao Yan also clenched his fists, and just about to launch an attack, he saw the immortal emperor in front of him slowly waving at Xiao Yan.

"Wait a minute." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly.

Xiao Yan also didn't know what this immortal emperor was going to do. He just prompted his clan pattern, which was also pointed by his master Jinlongwang, so Xiao Yan did as well, but his master Jinlongwang was still watching the play. Attitude.

The Xiao family is also quite helpless about this. It seems that their master, the Golden Dragon King, will only take action when his life is in danger.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled. Obviously, Xiao Yan didn't think that he could fight against the immortal emperor in front of him by relying on the power of Skyfire Three Profound Transformation to reach the perfection of the four-star Dou Emperor!

"Are you really a member of the Xiao family..." The Immortal Emperor also muttered. Obviously, although there are clan lines on the Xiao family's forehead, the Immortal Emperor seems to have some doubts.

"The younger generation is indeed a member of the Xiao Clan." The Xiao Clan also said slowly, and then looked at the Immortal Emperor in front of him.

The Immortal Emperor in front of him seemed to have a huge change in his mood after seeing the mysterious clan lines on the Xiao Clan's forehead!

It seems that her disdainful attitude towards herself has also undergone earth-shaking changes.

"Shabu Shabu!" When the Immortal Emperor heard this, his pupils also showed a hint of doubt, and the next moment, he suddenly came to Xiao Yan.

The index finger of his right hand slowly swiped Xiao Yan's arm, and immediately a conspicuous wound appeared. Three drops of blood flowed out, flowing directly onto the palm of the Immortal Emperor.

"Sisi..." Xiao Yan was also a little bit in pain from this immortal emperor, so he couldn't help speaking out, but Xiao Yan also looked at this immortal emperor in doubt, not knowing what medicine this mighty gourd was selling.

But what is even more terrifying is that when the Immortal Emperor came to Xiao Yan, the terrifying fluctuations from the peak of the Dou Emperor were also overwhelming Xiao Yan.

With the departure of the Immortal Emperor, Xiao Yan's complexion returned to normal.

Immediately, Xiao Yan's body vindictive energy was released, and the wound on his arm immediately healed.

The three drops of blood also slowly stood in front of the Immortal Emperor. The Immortal Emperor also controlled the three drops of blood, and then sniffed next to his nose.

"It seems that you are indeed a member of the Xiao family." The Immortal Emperor also laughed, but that invisible wave disappeared without a trace after the Immortal Emperor's voice!

Even Xiao Yan felt an extremely gentle aura from the Immortal Emperor's body, and the Dou Qi in his body was extremely greedy and attracted the golden light around the Immortal Emperor.

"I have a lot of connections with your Xiao family..."

"Now that I have met the descendants of your Xiao clan, it can be regarded as a repayment of the kindness of your Xiao clan to me." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly.

"This..." Xiao Yan also became stunned at this time, this immortal emperor is actually related to the Xiao clan he belongs to!

Although Xiao Yan knew that his master Jin Longwang definitely knew something about his family's presence on the Dou Di Continent, but his master Jin Longwang also avoided mentioning it to himself.

But even if he didn't mention it, Xiao Yan knew that on the Dou Di Continent, the Xiao Clan seemed to be like a giant!

With a giant-like existence, there are also many enemies, both overt and covert, so it makes perfect sense for his master, the Golden Dragon King, to tell him not to display this Xiao clan pattern unless he has to.

After all, the enemies that their Xiao clan provoked are not terrifying that Xiao Yan can handle now.

"Do you want to know?" The Immortal Emperor also said slowly to Xiao Yan, but in his voice and expression, there was obviously no meaning of rejecting people thousands of miles away. The descendants of the great emperor are ordinary!

"Think!" Xiao Yan also said without hesitation.

A lot of things require strength to know the qualifications.

If his master, the Golden Dragon King, didn't say it, then this immortal emperor must know something, so Xiao Yan couldn't wait to know something about the Xiao family.

"Many people only know that I am the Immortal Emperor, but they don't know much about my birth. I was born in a weak village in the Xuanling Continent, and my parents died when I was young. At that time, I was still a small six Star Dou Saint…”

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"At that time, I was arrogant and arrogant and decided to go to the mainland. First, it was to exercise myself, and secondly, I wanted to go out and see the outside world without any worries."

"In the decades of the world, I traveled to the Sifang Continent above the Doudi Continent, and finally found a holy flame in a place called Wang Tianya above the Tianxing Continent."

"Immortal flame." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly.

"Immortal Flame..."

"The eighteenth on the Holy Flame List, he possesses an extremely terrifying power of immortality!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, and then he did not disturb the Immortal Emperor, but the shock in his heart was unparalleled!

"After encountering the Immortal Flame, it was also a coincidence. At that time, I was the only one who discovered this Immortal Flame, and no one else..."

"At that time, I was already at the perfection level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. relied on his proud immortal golden body and the rarity of this holy flame, and also came up with the idea of ​​taking it for himself..."

"As soon as I say it, I prepared ten days and ten nights in Wang Tianya, and finally took the risk of introducing the holy flame into my body..."

"In the end, I still underestimated the power of the holy flame, causing the physical body to be destroyed, and the soul power to fight against the immortal flame."

"It was almost close to death..."

"Just when I was in despair, a person from your Xiao clan, an almighty Xiao Yun, also appeared, and with his strength at the level of fighting immortals, he reluctantly subdued the Immortal Saint Flame."

"Speaking of which, you Xiao Yun are also a real power. After conquering the immortal flame, the immortal flame finally chose me among the two of us. Your senior Xiao Yun is not at all displeased, and you are even worried about it. I condense my body, and then give me this immortal flame!"

"So let's go away!" The moment the Immortal Emperor spoke, his emotions were also extremely excited.

"This…"

"Actually gave up on Sheng Yan..." Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly at this time, and his face was full of disbelief.

The rarity of the holy flame, even in comparison to the strange fire, is undoubtedly worse than that. Their ancestor of the Xiao family, Xiao Xuan, actually gave up such a powerful holy flame!

It's no wonder that the Immortal Emperor is so excited to see their descendants of the Xiao family!

Let me ask if someone saves you, and then gives away the holy flame that he got!

Who wouldn't be so grateful?