Chapter 137: The Secret of the Relic Spine!

Xiao Yan, who was a little depressed, couldn't help feeling helpless when he saw the bloated other self in front of him.

"It seems that the fusion of Soul Light and Dou Qi went wrong..." Xiao Yan carefully sensed the other self in front of him and then said solemnly.

Immediately with a wave of his arm, the other Xiao Yan in front of him also turned into a puff of smoke and slowly disappeared.

Knowing what went wrong, Xiao Yan is also starting over.

The Soul Light Seal was successfully condensed, and then the Dou Qi all over his body was suppressed by Xiao Yan when he passed by Xiao Yan, and then the Soul Light Seal and Dou Qi slowly intertwined.

This time, there was no previous resistance, the two merged with each other, the soul light was imprinted on his forehead, and the majestic fighting qi also slowly outlined an extremely delicate appearance!

"Boom boom boom!"

With the sound of a voice, Xiao Yan saw the figure condensed by both the soul light and the grudge in front of him slowly appear!

A short and small condensed version of Xiao Yan was born again, Xiao Yan glanced at it casually, and then he was not in a hurry, and slowly condensed.

As the saying goes, everything is difficult at the beginning, and it is true. It is only a matter of merging the power of the twenty-two different fire sources. Of course, it will be difficult at first, but after the first fusion, Xiao Yan is using it. The fusion time and Control will also be greatly enhanced.

Therefore, cultivating the clone technique also takes time. After all, this is the reason why you can't make a big fat man with one bite.

After the successive failures, Xiao Yan seemed to have mastered the trick, and then his eyes became clear.

"Boom boom boom!"

Looking at the figure in front of him, Xiao Yan looked at it carefully, only to find that the other self from this clone had the same aura and even appearance.

"Success?" Xiao Yan was also extremely excited.

"Don't be too happy, although it is successful, you must try to see the strength of this avatar, otherwise, an embroidered pillow will not be of much use." The Golden Dragon King also said with great interest.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also nodded, his master Jin Longwang was right, although the other self in front of him was exactly the same as himself, but the powerhouses rely on their breath to distinguish their opponents, and appearance is not so important.

Xiao Yan also stared at him tightly, and then said, "Attack me!"

Xiao Yan's order was only given, and the avatar seemed to be alive. It attacked Xiao Yan. Above the terrifying fist, milky white flames instantly covered and attacked Xiao Yan.

Seeing such a ferocious attack, Xiao Yan also nodded in satisfaction, and then the terrifying fist was also in vain. He also knew that although it was a clone, the fist he had just displayed was not far behind.

"It seems to be a success. Although it has experienced a lot of failures, it is fortunate that it is a success, and it seems that this clone is really good, and the most important point is that the soul power is weaker than yours. I can't find the flaw in this clone." The Golden Dragon King said with satisfaction.

Xiao Yan also nodded in satisfaction, and then muttered to himself, "How can I take this back..."

After all, Xiao Yan tried it, but this avatar could not be put into the ring, which made Xiao Yan stumped. He couldn’t always take him by his side in the future, or it would be condensed during the battle, but that would be rare. There was a suddenness, and Xiao Yan also believed that others were not fools in the future battles, and would definitely not give Xiao Yan such an opportunity to consolidate his avatars in the battle.

Then Xiao Yan's mind moved, and Xiao Yan's eyes dimmed in front of him, and immediately disappeared into a stream of light.

"Huh? Where did it go?" Xiao Yan was also frightened by this sudden scene, and then carefully felt where the clone just now went.

After feeling it carefully, Xiao Yan also discovered that the clone he had just cultivated was lying quietly in his soul realm.

"Come out!" Following Xiao Yan's order, the avatar also appeared in front of him.

"This..." Xiao Yan was also surprised, because he had never heard that the soul realm can hold things. The soul realm has always been the most vulnerable part of human beings, and this cannot tolerate any loss.

"Hey, you don't know this, the human soul is the most vulnerable place, but after cultivating the soul power, the soul power will change, from the original soul power to the soul realm, and the legendary fairyland The soul is even more powerful, turning over the rain is an instant thing."

"The soul realm can accommodate some other souls in addition to its own soul power, but unless the host allows it, other souls cannot live in it." The Golden Dragon King also explained.

"So that's the case." Xiao Yan was also stunned.

Xiao Yan also nodded, indicating that his master, the Golden Dragon King, understood, and after a few minutes, a yellowed scroll appeared on Xiao Yan's finger.

The yellowed scroll seemed to have existed for quite a few years, and just after it appeared in Xiao Yan's hands, Xiao Yan felt a strange wave within the scroll.

Xiao Yan tried to open the somewhat yellowed scroll with his backhand, but he was helpless, because no matter what Xiao Yan did, he couldn't open it.

In desperation, Xiao Yan was also gradually defeated, and then his pupils shrank tightly, and a slightly milky white flame appeared on his fingertips.

As soon as the milky white flame appeared, it was slowly attached to the yellowish scroll under Xiao Yan's control.

"Boom boom boom!"

Let the terrifying milky white flame burn on its scroll The yellowish scroll is also motionless.

At this time, Xiao Yan also frowned. Obviously, he had never encountered such a situation before, and he immediately became thoughtful.

Seeing that the milky white flame was useless, Xiao Yan also put it away, and then the terrifying soul power in the soul realm spewed out!

Since you can't open it with bare hands, and the flames in your body can't burn, then the power of your soul can always be opened.

Xiao Yan thought so in his heart.

The Golden Dragon King floating in the air, I cast his gaze on the yellowish scroll, and then I couldn't help but murmured after seeing Xiao Yan's thoughts and ideas that he didn't open.

"Why does it smell familiar..."

Contrary to Xiao Yan's expectations, even the huge soul force did not open the yellowish scroll, and then Xiao Yan calmed down and checked the scroll carefully.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The yellowish scroll should have existed for a long time, because Xiao Yan's eyesight naturally discovered that the scroll was originally supposed to be silver, but now it has turned yellow, obviously because of time.

On the scroll, a thin thread slowly wrapped around it, and then it was such a thin thread, but it made Xiao Yan devastated.

"I know how to open this thing." A familiar voice also sounded from the wide cave, and it was his master Jinlong King.

Ask for a ticket~