Chapter 56: Advance in battle!

At this time, Xiao Yan was not in a hurry to pay attention to the actions of Liu Yin and the gray guardian in front of him, because he found that the fighting qi in the body had become extremely turbulent in the previous battle that was almost like a cloud and water, and a trace of it was extremely fine. Pure fighting qi was flowing wildly in his body, and the space around Xiao Yan's body was also rapidly fluctuating. A huddled and pure energy was almost pouring into Xiao Yan's body. Look at this appearance. , is clearly the movement that only happened when they were promoted!

Xiao Yan was lucky enough to achieve a breakthrough opportunity when he attacked completely without any worries before, so that now the battle qi in the body is automatically flowing, and the strength has also started to advance as a matter of course!

All of this is just a matter of course, because Xiao Yan was originally the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor early stage, and the breakthrough is only a matter of time. It is just an occasion for promotion, which seems extremely bad

The movements made by Xiao Yan were naturally unable to escape some people with good eyesight in the hall.

Therefore, the exclamations of "Xiao Yan actually advanced in the battle?" sounded one after another in the hall. Hundreds of people stared at the figure wrapped in milky white flames in amazement. Breaking through at this time is obviously unwise. The guardians in the hall are eyeing them. If one is careless, failure to break through is a trivial matter. In case...

Now that the battle in the main hall is at a critical moment, he actually gave a sudden promotion, which really makes people feel dumbfounded about his luck...

You must know that during the promotion, you should not be disturbed too much, otherwise, you will be injured, or even life-threatening. If it is normal, Xiao Yan will be extremely envious when encountering such a thing, but now Would this occasion be considered a place to advance?

"Damn, can't you?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but scolded because of this sudden situation. He also understood that in such a situation, it was basically impossible for him to be promoted quietly. However, this One promotion Yan didn't mean to push him in the slightest, it all came to him automatically, Xiao Yan couldn't bear to refuse, and this was what made him laugh and cry the most. Come, it happened to catch up.

The gray guardian looked at Xiao Yan, and couldn't help frowning as if he was thinking about something, and then his strength suddenly increased a lot. He saw Xiao Yan who was standing still and didn't dare to move, and then he saw the movement around him. Suddenly I understood, I couldn't help but move my palm to the silver spear in my hand, the spear turned into a shadow and shot at Xiao Yan!

"Damn!"

Xiao Yan couldn't help shouting badly when he saw this funny scene, but he couldn't use his vindictive energy to defend, otherwise his chance to break through this time would be lost in vain.

"Xiao Yan, you complete the promotion, I will help you stop him temporarily!" A pale green shadow suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan, Yueru smiled.

At this time, the gray guardian in front of him also discovered something was wrong with Xiao Yan, and hurriedly took action, although with the peak strength of the three-star Dou Di of the gray guardian, he would not be afraid of Xiao Yan's breakthrough.

"Give me ten minutes." After a little delay, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and nodded, then hurriedly sat cross-legged, Shen Shen controlled the crazy energy in his body.

At a certain moment, a fierce look flashed across Liu Yin's eyes, she slowly opened her mouth, and a cloud of ice-blue Origin Qi spit out.

That Peng also opened the bird's beak, and the cold air roared out, turning into a cold wind, and suddenly roaring out.

The cold wind whizzed past, and the ground was instantly frozen, and the gray guardian was about to turn Origin Qi to resist, but his body suddenly stiffened.

In just a few breaths, the gray guardian turned into a lifelike ice sculpture.

"Huh, I'm exhausted!"

Liu Yin's shoulders also collapsed, and her face was pale. Obviously, the previous implication was their exclusive skill in the City of Ten Thousand Beasts. It was not as easy as it looked. Even if Xiao Yan was doing the bait before, he radiated cold air around the gray guardian, so that he could temporarily freeze for a while now.

"Xiao Yan, you can break through with peace of mind."

Liu Yin also saw Xiao Yan's state and said that although she and Xiao Yan only had a one-sided relationship, it could not be said to be a bad feeling, and Xiao Yan's passing the first-rank examination of the emperor's grade was also a well-known thing to the people present, offending him. It is not a good thing to be a pharmacist of the first rank of emperor.

"Be careful!"

Yueru also hurriedly activated the blue vindictive energy all over her body and attacked Liu Yin.

"What are you doing!"

Liu Yin had just temporarily frozen the gray guardian, but she never thought that Yueru would attack herself when she was weak, how despicable!

Liu Yin thought so at this time.

The bird on Liu Yin's shoulder is obviously not an ordinary thing. Seeing Yueru attacking her master, she hurriedly gestured to Liu Yin in animal language.

"That gray guardian wasn't frozen at all!" The ice-blue Xiaohan seemed to say.

The conversation between Liu Yin and Xiaoniao was not over yet. A bunch of powerful thunder-type fighters carrying a silver spear whizzed away at Liu Yin!

Saying it's late is quicker!

Just when the terrifying Dou Qi Pian Lian was about to attack Liu Yin, Yue Ru Qing's Dou Qi also arrived.

Yibing's long spear, carrying the silver-white fighting spirit, attacked fiercely with the blue-coloured fighting spirit slowly exuding from Yueru's body!

"Boom boom boom!"

Circles of shockwaves emanated from the center of the attack.

The gray guardian took back his spear, covered with thunder attribute aura, and from time to time thunder flowed on his body.

"The fighting spirit of this little girl seems to be familiar. UU reading www.uukanshu.com" The gray guardian also looked at Yueru with interest. The gray guardian did not know how long he had been asleep, and he had just woken up, even if his memory was a little incomplete. .

Regarding the attack of the gray guardian, even if it was as strong as martial arts, she did not dare to neglect the slightest, so Yueru also wrapped her entire palm with cyan vindictive energy and hurriedly greeted her.

The palms collided, and the slate on which Yueru was standing was directly shaken into powder.

"Shh!"

Yueru just banged against the gray guardian, and suddenly another blast of wind resounded behind her. Yueru frowned slightly, her right hand brought a turbulent blue light, and pushed back.

The battle is still going on, but for some reason, anyone with a discerning eye can see that the current battle between the Grey Guardian and Yueru is not as intense as Xiao Yan at the beginning. Could it be that the Grey Guardian is exhausted...

After this wave of attacks was over, Liu Yin was also very grateful to Yueru. Even if it was just the attack, she would lose her skin if she didn't die. She had misunderstood her just now...

And although she didn't know what the gray guardian in front of her meant, Liu Yin's attitude toward Yueru was a 360-degree turn.

Liu Yin now has to look carefully at the gray guardian in front of her. This guardian can break the seal in an instant under her own freezing technique. The strength is too tyrannical, and she is indeed the guardian of the peak of the three-star Dou Di.

At the same time, she also looked at Yueru's cyan vindictive aura with great interest. Just from the cyan vindictive aura, she could feel an air of admiration!

"What secret does Yueru have?"

The green-haired girl Liu Yin also became curious at this moment, but she was not idle either. She also threw herself into the battle with Xiaohan on her shoulders.