Chapter 427: The terrifying source of plague!

"These are the two powerhouses in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di..."

"I don't know who will win the final victory." Mu Feng sank at the moment, and murmured while watching the two of them in the battle carefully.

"I'm afraid that the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di will be difficult to distinguish in a short period of time, and looking at their appearances, it seems that neither of them intends to do their best." Xiao Yi said with sharp eyes.

"Look, the old poisonous monster of the Ten Thousand Poison Sect seems to be at a disadvantage." Mu Yingying's lips moved slightly.

After Mu Yingying finished speaking, the old poisonous monster in the battle was directly forced by Sun Dalong to defend.

"The poisonous old monster has been calculated!"

"Look carefully, on the ground where the two of them are fighting, if you observe carefully, you will find some dark auras, those dark auras are just emanating from the blood knife, but now the two are in a tense battle. , In addition to the cover of the night, the poisonous old monster didn't realize this."

"Then Sun Dalong's big sword should be no trivial matter." Green Flute said directly.

"That old poisonous monster should be losing..." Mu Yingying said slightly, obviously in that battle, the old poisonous monster who had been at a disadvantage was losing ground.

"Eight-star Dou Di is not so easy to lose... Looking at the appearance of this old poisonous monster just now, it is obvious that he is afraid that this is the periphery of Xuanling City, so he does not dare to take action against the people of the Sun family, but now he is also in a hurry, he should be I'm going to start." Xiao Yi smiled.

"Really..." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she turned her attention to the battle, and the four of them did not notice Xiao Yan's disappearance.

"Humph!"

"Blood Swordsman, don't deceive people too much!" The poisonous old monster was directly forced to retreat by Sun Dalong's blood-colored sword, and then he snorted coldly as he retreated.

"Hahaha!"

"Wan Poison Religion is nothing more than that!" Sun Dalong finished speaking, and with a long roar in Du Yangtian, he raised the blood-colored sword in his hand with a monstrous aura, and directly attacked the old poisonous monster!

"Originally, I didn't plan to fight with you. After all, it's not far from Xuanling City, but now... let's see how powerful our Wanpo Sect is!" The poisonous old monster also smiled strangely at the corner of his mouth!

Then the body covered by the dark cloak also wriggled, as if something was about to burst out of the ground!

"Pretend to be a ghost!" Sun Dalong also snorted coldly, but his expression was vigilant. Obviously, Sun Dalong still did not dare to underestimate this ten thousand poison sect!

"The source of the plague!"

"Go!" After the poisonous old monster finished speaking, the surrounding vibrated violently, and then a large group of pitch-black bugs swarmed out of his body!

"You actually use your own body as a medium to raise the source of the plague. This old poisonous monster is really a distraction!" Seeing this, Lu Flute was surprised. It is not uncommon, but the poisonous insects raised by other poison masters are some of the same with their masters, and they will not be as bold as this poisonous old monster.

The food of this plague source insect is the vindictiveness or soul power of human beings!

If this is put into one's own body, if one is not careful, it will be directly swallowed up by the source of the plague.

This poisonous old monster is really a daring artist!

"What is that..." Sun Dalong heard the words, and saw a large group of dark bugs appear in front of the poison old monster, and his expression immediately became wrong!

Because with his powerful perception, Sun Dalong felt a wave of death from the insects!

It was a group of pitch-black insects. The whole body of the insects was pitch-black, and each one was about the size of a finger. However, the pupils in the insects were eerily emitting a green light. There are thousands of them!

"Go!"

"Children, his blood, his vindictiveness and even his soul power are all yours!" Old Monster Poison also showed a very greedy face, and then his vindictiveness soared, constantly pouring into the source of the plague. body!

With the injection of this huge fighting qi, the source of the plague also suddenly glowed with an extremely violent toxin!

Even from a short distance, the green flute can still vaguely feel that such a terrifying poisonous insect, if it is to deal with it by myself, I am afraid it will be extremely difficult!

Sun Dalong found that the source of the plague was no trivial matter, and immediately did not dare to take it lightly. Immediately, his breath suddenly soared, and the red fighting qi instantly enveloped his figure. He only held the blood-colored sword in both hands, and a majestic fighting spirit also radiated!

"Yun Tianxing!" Sun Dalong shouted abruptly, the blood-colored sword in his hand shone hundreds of meters of light, and then he abruptly walked towards the source of the plague!

Trying to destroy this plague source swarm with this attack of his own!

"Susu..." Seeing this, the poisonous old monster also burst into laughter!

Because of my own plague source swarm, it is extremely laborious just to find a source of insects, not to mention the painstaking efforts to cultivate such a huge plague source swarm, the price is only the poison old monster himself. knowledge.

But what Sun Dalong didn't know was that the source of the plague was not afraid of fighting qi, on the contrary, he liked it even more. After all, the source of the plague was a poisonous insect that lived on fighting qi and soul power, so the poisonous old monster was seeing that Sun Dalong actually directly After launching such a terrifying Dou Qi attack, he burst out laughing!

"Shabu Shabu!" The source of the plague swarms flew towards Sun Dalong in a large black mass!

At the same time, Sun Dalong surrounded himself with a red grudge, and then the blood-colored sword in his hand swung a hundred zhang knife beams that collided with the source of the plague swarm!

"Boom boom boom!" When the two collided, extremely terrifying fluctuations suddenly appeared, and an invisible shock wave suddenly emerged from the center of the battle.

The two peaks only lasted for a breath, and the next moment, the 100-zhang sword light mixed with the destruction of the sky and the earth disappeared without a trace, and there was only a larger black figure of the source of the plague!

"How is that possible!" Sun Dalong was also suddenly shocked, and an extremely shocked fear emerged from his pupils!

How could this poisonous old monster's poisonous insect break through its own attack!

His own attack has a corrosive fire attribute grudge!

However, Sun Dalong also knew that the current situation was not right, so he didn't think much about it. Although he was not reconciled, he also knew that this mission had failed. Right now, this cauldron and the little girl from the Poison Sect could not get it.

Immediately, his eyes froze disappeared in a flash, leaving only a burst of red smoke!

"Haha, I didn't expect the Sun family to be so greedy for life and fear of death!" The poisonous old monster also said with a distorted smile, but the expression on his face was even more painful!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, as soon as the source of the plague comes out, you must devour your vindictive energy or soul. Poison Old Monster, Poison Old Monster, let's see how you end up!" The barefooted woman who was bound by the yellow beam on the side also said with a smile.

"Susu..." The huge black plague source swarm found that it had lost its target, and immediately focused its attention on the barefoot woman!

"Shabu!" The next moment, the source of the plague swarm greedily flew towards the barefoot woman, trying to devour the woman!

But it was helpless to find that the tyranny of the yellow light beam was extremely terrifying, and it could not be broken in a short time.

Immediately, the target of the source of plague swarm also turned abruptly, and then stared at the poisonous old monster.

The poisonous old monster coughed violently for a few words, and then found the gaze of the source of the plague, and immediately felt a chill in his heart!

"Bastard!" Before the poisonous old monster could speak, the huge swarm of the source of the plague was the bee pupae and entered the poisonous old monster's body!

With the influx of such a huge plague source insect swarm, the aura of the poisonous old monster has also become sluggish!

"Stealing chickens is not enough to lose rice!" The barefooted woman also joked slightly.

Ask for tickets!