Chapter Vol 4 1282: Level 2, alchemy!

Time flies, and a long time has passed in the blink of an eye.

"No way……"

"It's been 30 days, Xiao Yan hasn't made any movement yet?" Hua Fei, who had been guarding Shimen for 30 days, looked at Shimen and couldn't help muttering.

For them, it is common sense that a retreat takes months or years.

"This guy... is really a monster." After forty days, Hua Fei looked at Shimen, who still showed no signs of coming out, and lost his voice.

"Fifty days... The record of our Alchemist Association was actually broken by him..."

"Sixty days..."

"Is this guy a monster..."

"..."

"One hundred days!"

"This guy... won't die in it..." This time, Hua Fei couldn't sit still at noon, so he got up and lost his voice.

Because he knows that although the soul beast in the first level is a little tricky, it is not difficult to defeat it, and some people will vaguely find that the soul beast has some tempering effect on their pharmacist's soul power, but they do not He knows how to use it, and the guy who persisted for fifty days is the current vice president and his master Tan Chen.

However, Hua Fei obviously didn't know that Xiao Yan possessed ghost face soul flame, and ghost face soul flame restrained a lot of soul power, so being so angered by Soul Eater, the soul beast suddenly turned into a machine, and he kept urging himself. Soul power tempered Xiao Yan's soul, so it only took a hundred days.

"Master..."

"That Xiao Yan has been in there for a hundred days, and he hasn't come out yet..." Hua Fei left Shimen directly and ran to his master.

"It seems that this guy should have seen through the blindness of the soul beast, and I'm afraid he has some means."

"Let's go, it should be out soon." Tan Chen was not too surprised. After all, he was able to compare the soul coercion on the plaque at the main entrance of the Alchemist Association. If he couldn't even pass the first level, then It's too shameful.

"Huhuhu."

"It's almost there." And Xiao Yan in the space in the stone gate, at this moment, his complexion has softened, but the breath of his body is stronger than before entering!

Because at this moment, in Xiao Yan's soul realm, the second floor of the Spirit Palace is already full of luster!

Although the luster is not extremely dazzling, but the real thing has been filled. This symbolizes that Xiao Yan has broken through the soul power after these 100 days!

Before Xiao Yan, the soul power was already in the fairyland, and after stepping into the fairyland soul, it was the early stage of the 'Void' realm!

The fairyland soul has three major levels and nine minor levels, which exactly correspond to the nine-level spiritual palace in the soul realm!

The first floor of the Spirit Palace corresponds to the early stage of the 'Great Void' realm, while the second floor undoubtedly corresponds to the middle stage of the 'Great Void' realm!

Don't look at it from the early stage to the middle stage, but the gap between the two is not a little bit!

To put it simply, a soul powerhouse in the middle stage of 'Taixu' is enough to be worth the three powerhouses in the early stage of 'Taixu', so one can tell the strengths and weaknesses of them at a glance.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan watched the transparent soul beast dying, and also released a soul force to nourish it, and then the figure jumped and left here in an instant.

"Little friend Xiao Yan, congratulations on cleaning the records of our Alchemist Association." Just as Xiao Yan came out of the Shimen space, Tan Chen's relieved voice sounded slowly.

"One hundred days, although I don't want to admit it, you are indeed the first guy I'm convinced." Hua Fei also lost his desire to be competitive at this time.

"Hey, your soul power... It seems that it's not the same as when you first entered." Before Xiao Yan had time to interject, Tan Chen suddenly opened his mouth and said.

"Tsk tsk tsk, actually broke through."

"The soul power in the middle stage of 'Tai Xu'." The next moment, Tan Chen saw Xiao Yan's soul power at a glance, and said.

"what?"

"In the middle stage of Taixu?" Hua Fei couldn't help swallowing a mouthful of saliva when he heard the words.

After the fairyland soul, it is the casting of a nine-story spiritual palace!

And when the casting of the nine-layer soul is completed, it is the real soul that sets foot in the fairyland.

As for the lighting of the first layer of the spiritual palace, it is the early stage of the 'Taixu' realm, but Huafei's current state is that he has just cast the ninth layer of the spiritual palace, and has not lit the spiritual palace, so strictly speaking, Huafei is only a quasi-fairyland soul .

And Xiao Yan is different. Xiao Yan's soul power is almost two levels higher than his own, which makes Hua Fei slightly surprised. You must know that in the entire Alchemist Association, very few of them have set foot on the soul of the 'Tai Xu' realm. There are very few, and they are all very old. The young guy is only himself. As for other strong people, even his own master, Vice President Tan Chen has just stepped into the soul of the 'Hua Yuan' realm, this Xiao Yan is actually so young , given time, will be able to surpass his master.

"Hey, it's just a fluke." Xiao Yan scratched his head helplessly and said, obviously if the soul beast inside had absorbed too much soul power of the experts who participated in the assessment, plus his own ghost face soul flame, I'm afraid he wouldn't be able to. There is such a chance.

"Oh, forget it."

"Since you came to us for the assessment, you will also be a part of us in the future, do you have any opinion?" Tan Chen is also an old fox Seeing that Xiao Yanguang was so good in the first test, he said directly.

"It's natural." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded lightly. Obviously, the Alchemist Association's huge backer could not be relied on by anyone. Since Tan Chen intends to befriend him, then it's better to be a good friend.

"Then let's go to the second level of the assessment first."

"Refining medicine pills." Tan Chen said slightly, but his voice was filled with a trace of medicine pills.

Because the huge soul power is only the premise of being a high-level pharmacist, because Tan Chen is in a high position, he has seen too many examples of people with huge soul power but unable to refine medicine pills perfectly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Xiao Yan, don't blame me for not reminding you that the master is so happy after a long time. When you choose a prescription for a while, don't choose those difficult ones."

"You have already broken the record of the first level. Even if you choose the simplest prescription for the second level, there is no problem. As long as you can pass the assessment smoothly, then you are the best alchemist in our alchemist association." Hua Fei concealed The use of soul power to convey news to Xiao Yan.

"Let's go, let's go to the second level." After Tan Chen finished speaking, he didn't hesitate too much, he waved his sleeves, and the three of them changed the scene immediately without walking.

"Tsk tsk tsk, it's really a big hand from the strong... It's worthy of the soul power of the 'Hua Yuan' level." Xiao Yan exclaimed.

In just a few breaths, the three of them came to the refining pharmacy. Obviously, this is the assessment site for the second level.