Chapter Vol 4 1833: Weird Stone Box!

"Four holy flames?"

"How is that possible?" Looking at the top of the sky like a flame bottle, the continuous stream of flame ripples overflowing from the bottle mouth, the breath contained in it is enough to truly burn everything to ashes, the shock in the heart of Soul Jianghai will not last for a long time. stop.

The preciousness of the holy flame is comparable to that of the very few artifacts in the Great Thousand World. However, in the memory of Soul River Sea, ordinary people can only swallow one, and if there is one more, they will probably die in the face of explosion. Threatening, even the most powerful person in their soul hall would only dare to swallow one holy flame. A guy like Xiao Yan who has four holy flames at the same time has no way of recording it in Soul Jianghai's memory!

And the most shocking thing is Soul Jianghai.

"Cultivation method!" In an instant, the shocking expression of Soul Jianghai was filled with ecstasy. Although he was defeated now, but knowing Xiao Yan's secret, he would naturally have time to clean up him in the future, but the strong people in Soul Hall were not. It was to conceal the news that Xiao Yan had multiple holy flames at the same time.

"Boom!" The hot holy flames fluctuated, completely destroying the entire Wangcheng within a radius of dozens of kilometers, turning it into a land of ruins that could not be leveled.

"Cough, cough..." As this heart-pounding wave of destruction spread for a while, the power of Wan Mohua also became illusory, and finally drowned in the scorching fire and was annihilated by it. The flower shattered, and the breath in the soul river sea was exhausted like a broken flower and a willow. After a few violent coughs, the black mist around the body was directly shaken by the soul of the holy flame, and an almost transparent soul body stood weakly in the air. , his face was pale, and there was a trace of cold killing intent in his eyes.

"It's not advisable to stay here for a long time, let's do business first, but I didn't expect that I would be defeated by this guy." The illusory soul body squirmed gently, and suddenly there were traces of escape.

"Want to run?" After Xiao Yan finished the reincarnation of Buddha's Wrath, his breath was also quite weak, but at this time, the breath of Soul Jianghai was even weaker than his own.

"Xiao Yan!"

"If you kill me, Soul Palace will definitely list you as a mortal enemy, and you will never die. You have to think about it!" From Xiao Yan's scarlet eyes, Soul Jianghai really felt a wave of death. Roaring while running, trying to use the Soul Palace to shock Xiao Yan.

"Chichi." Just as Hun Jianghai was about to escape, an amber flame suddenly emerged from Hun Jianghai's side, easily binding him in place.

"Isn't this a joke?"

"As for the Soul Palace, although it is not a mortal enemy, I will find it sooner or later." Xiao Yan walked out of the void with a faint breath, and a touch of amber liquid on the palm of his hand was like a death token, beating violently, swore an oath. Soul Jianghai's death.

"No!" With the appearance of the source of holy flame on Xiao Yan's palm, the illusory soul body of Soul Jianghai trembled violently.

"Don't kill me, I can tell you everything you want to know!" All this, fear descended in the eyes of Soul Jianghai, begging for mercy like a prisoner.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan didn't show any signs of keeping his hands. The amber liquid gently wrapped the soul river sea. Suddenly, this invincible soul palace powerhouse was completely destroyed in Xiao Yan's hands, and even all this happened. Between the electric light and flint, there was no screaming, and the soul river and sea in the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals completely fell.

"It's a pity that Shengyan Zihuo has also been extinguished, otherwise, you can rely on Zihuo to find the source of Shengyan." Seeing the complete fall of Soul Jianghai, Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Crack!" When Soul Jianghai was completely burned to ashes by the source of holy flame, a rather simple closed stone box slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's sight.

Above the stone box, there is an ancient and simple wave, as thick as an arm, and no trace can be seen, just like an ordinary item.

"This is..." Xiao Yan's eyes were slightly startled, staring at the stone box, quite puzzled.

This thing can actually stay still under the burning of the source of holy flame?

This is the newly born holy flame, which combines the four-color holy flames, which is enough to rank in the top fifteen holy flames!

Combining with what the experts in the Soul Palace just said, Soul Jianghai seems to carry some treasures that subdue the emperor. Could it be this?

"It doesn't matter, put it away first, or rush to the emperor's palace first... But I always feel that this election seems to be planned by Yuan Shou and the emperor together."

"Just what are they doing?" During the conversation, he put away the stone box and walked directly to the king's bedroom, but at this time, the magnificent King City had turned into dust because of the fight he had just fought, and a trace of violent The flames moved slowly, swallowing all the gloomy aura that remained, quite desolate.

As for the strange stone box in Xiao Yan's hands, its origin is mysterious, and it later saved Xiao Yan's life.

On the other side, with the conclusion of Xiao Yan's battle here, the battle above the sky just started.

"Elders, if you put down your weapons and surrender to me and wait for me to rule the Tianxing Continent, you will be a one-to-one hero." Lin Fengya put his hands behind his back and stepped on the black coffin under his feet, like a king. With a sneer, a dark, icy aura filled his body.

"Don't be ashamed!"

"Wait until I catch you and send you to the emperor's bedroom, and the emperor will deliver it himself!" Hu Lao took the lead, the spear on the palm of his hand was a little sharper, and he pointed at Lin Fengya.

"Since it's so stubborn, then...die!"

"Go!"

"After the ten elders are obliterated, the entire royal family will belong to us." Lin Fengya looked at the emperor's soul surrounded by evil spirits, and said with ecstasy, in a short while, the emperor will be completely Convince yourself, at that time, everything will be in your hands again.

Even though Lin Yunshu has the power of stars, how can he turn the tide with the power of one person?

Lin Feng?

He has the strongest combat power in the Sky Star Continent, but so what?

How can a mere martial artist fight with himself? He really thought that the Holy See Angel would be willing to help him?

Using the Devil Fruit as a bargaining chip, the angel naturally came from helping him, although Lin Feng's fall was probably only a matter of time.

Now, it's all just a matter of time.

"Hehe... I heard that the wood attribute of the Sky Star Continent is tyrannical and unusual. Today, I will come to meet the elders of the Sky Star Continent." During the speech, a gloomy man on top of a dragon corpse, surrounded by black light, had a gloomy and strange tone.

"Boom!" With a loud voice, above the void, just above the Four Dragons Lock Coffin, the dark clouds and thunderbolts were extremely powerful, like the wrath of the gods, rendering the breath of Soul Wuji to the peak!

"Seven Stars Fighting Immortals is complete?" Looking at Soul Wuji's means, and the figures above the other three dragon corpses, Hu Lao's expression suddenly became heavy.

One Seven-Star Dou Xian is complete, one is in the late stage of the Seven-Star Dou Xian, and the two are in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Xian. Even if they are ten veterans, it is extremely difficult to deal with.

Because the strength of the ten elders is in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian to the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian. Among them, there are only five people who are stronger than the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian, and only three who have reached the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian.

For a time, the real war between heaven and earth started slowly.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.