Chapter 371: Dou Didan!

On the periphery of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation is impressively guarding the entrance to the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

But at this time, at the entrance of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, a black figure filled with a terrifying aura slowly stood there, as if waiting for someone.

The black figure is not in a hurry, sits on the ground, and then closes his eyes slightly. This is so, even if there is any trouble here, it will be the first time!

Within the Xuanling Emperor Pond, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng also had their own experiences.

Since Mu Yingying entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond, a rather greedy aura has also emanated from her body.

"What about Xiao Yan and the others..." After being separated by that mysterious irresistible force, Mu Yingying also found herself on a rock!

There is only a very calm sea around!

Mixed with golden sea water, there seems to be a mysterious power in the sea water, which makes Mu Yingying also curious about this golden sea water.

"Xiao Yan and I should have been distracted by the power in the Xuanling Emperor Pond..." Mu Yingying also moved her lips slightly, and then she muttered to herself.

The next moment, Mu Yingying also gently touched the golden sea water with her finger.

An extremely special power also spread through Mu Yingying's whole body!

"What a strong power..."

"No wonder..." Mu Yingying also laughed.

The next moment, on Mu Yingying, the terrifying half-step five-star fighting emperor-level strength also burst out in an instant, and the blue flame also slowly attached to Mu Yingying. The three thousand silks plus that are as holy as a fire elf!

"It seems that the two of them are also separated from me..." Mu Yingying also radiated her enormous power just now, trying to find Xiao Yan and Mu Feng, but found that she could not find their breath, this mysterious spirit The area of ​​the Imperial Pond is also very large.

"What a pretty woman..." A little loli also slowly emerged from the water, revealing a pair of eyes above the water, but the strange thing is that the pupils of this little loli actually scattered some extremely Twisted taste.

After carefully checking that there was no one around, Mu Yingying was also relieved, and then suddenly sat on the reef, rolled up her skirt, and revealed her extremely white jade feet.

Sitting down slightly, Yuzu stepped into the golden Xuanling Emperor Pond.

The cold feeling spread all over the body, but the next moment, an extremely pure power also slowly flowed to him along the jade feet.

"This Xuanling Emperor Pond is really different!"

"However, the energy density here can be a little too low. It seems that it is not a waste to find a place with a higher energy level." Mu Yingying had a plan, but she did not leave immediately, but her jade feet slightly Swinging, and then splashing pieces of water, Mu Yingyingbei's lips parted slightly, revealing an extremely rare smile.

With that smile, her eyes moved slightly, like a fairy!

If I had to say it bluntly...

Smile all over the city and smile all over the country!

This is the best metaphor!

After playing for a while, Mu Yingying also sat on the reef, and then a rather exquisite jade bottle appeared out of thin air in the palm of her hand.

Inside the jade bottle, an elixir also slowly appeared in it. The elixir had quite exquisite patterns, and even through the jade bottle, one could smell a rushing fragrance.

If Xiao Yan was here, he would be able to realize that this medicinal pill would be the Dou Di Pill!

Moreover, Xiao Yan could know by just a glance that the rank of the Dou Di Pill in front of him was close to perfect!

Because the exquisite lines on this Dou Di Pill obviously illustrate a truth!

That is the refiner who refines this medicine pill. His strength is definitely not bad. What is even more terrifying is that even Xiao Yan can't compare to this medicine refining technology!

"Doudi Pill..." Mu Yingying also stared blankly at the pill in front of her, and then said slowly.

Dou Di Dan is the reward for the top three in the points looting competition!

Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng, each of them has one!

It's just that before entering the Xuanling royal family, Zhu Lao secretly gave the Dou Di Pill to Mu Yingying and Mu Feng!

But it was the only one who didn't give it to Xiao Yan!

Because the purpose of this Dou Di Pill is to directly raise the powerhouse below the five-star Dou Di level by one level!

Before Xiao Yan was only in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, Zhu Lao was also afraid that Xiao Yan could not eat hot tofu in a hurry, so he did not give it to Xiao Yan rashly, for fear that he would swallow it now, otherwise, this Dou Di Pill is also used to break through Five-star Dou Di, the most friendly!

And Mu Yingying is already at the half-step five-star Dou Emperor level, and Mu Feng is also the strength of the late four-star Dou Emperor, so Zhu Lao also gave them the Dou Emperor Pill of the two. As for Xiao Yan, he has to at least wait for a breakthrough. After the late four-star Dou Di, Zhu Lao will only give it.

"I'm already a half-step five-star Dou Emperor. I don't know if I can break through to the mid-five-star Dou Emperor with this Dou Di Pill..." The next moment, Mu Yingying also came back to her senses, and then slowly held her hand. Dou Di Dan Dao in .

Although this Doudi Pill is only useful for the five-star Doudi and below, it is already a half-step five-star Doudi, so it is also within the scope of use It is best to find a place with strong energy, in that case, The grasp is also much greater. "With a plan, Mu Yingying also plans to fly away, because Mu Yingying also felt it in the dark, there is also a place with a lot of energy in this Xuanling Emperor Pond.

Surrounded by azure flames, he stood up abruptly, his toes a little, and he walked on the water!

As if a dragonfly touches the water, it is quite light!

"Hee hee, miss, don't leave~"

"Stay and play with me, okay?" A clear voice echoed beside Mu Yingying.

"Who is it!" Mu Yingying is also paying attention to the situation around her at all times. The moment this voice appeared, even with Mu Yingying's current half-step five-star fighting emperor level strength, she was quite puzzled!

Because according to Mu Yingying's perception, the source of this sound is actually from all directions!

Can't find the source of the sound at all!

The unknown is the worst!

But at this moment, Mu Yingying showed her extremely decisive side!

An azure-blue flame spread out instantly, and then slowly turned into a pair of armor on top of the body. With this flame armor, Mu Yingying also had some calmness!

Then he stopped, his toes on the water, and then Mei Mu slowly glanced around!

"What a weird flame..."

"It's actually the same as the flame on that human kid..." Little Loli's voice was also heard, and the next moment, a huge vortex appeared on the surface of the water...

Seeing this, Mu Yingying also became vigilant, because the source of that voice was the center of the vortex! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: