Chapter Vol 4 890: Thousand Flowers Burial!

"A mere 8-star Dou Emperor who is a complete powerhouse, dares to say nonsense in front of me?" Zhu Jin suddenly laughed.

The person in front of him should be the guardian of the third floor of the underground palace. His whole body is green, which contrasts with the green grassland. If it wasn't for Zhu Jin's enormous spiritual power, it would be difficult to find it.

"Humph!" The green guardian naturally felt Zhu Jin's unfathomable strength, and then snorted coldly, his figure disappeared, and he completely merged into the grassland.

"Where to run!" Zhu Jin would not give the green guardian such a chance. After all, if she were to run away, it would be extremely easy to attract stronger members of the Xuanling royal family, so she would definitely not let her go.

"What the **** is that guy doing, King Xuanling!"

"Isn't it a promise that we will be fine in the underground palace?"

"Why this time, so many powerhouses entered..." The green guardian hid under the grassland and moved quickly, but no matter how he moved, Zhu Jin kept following him.

"The breath of these people seems to be the same as the one who suppressed the guy in the deepest part of the underground palace. Could it be that their purpose..." After a while, the green guardian suddenly whispered.

"Forget it, time waits for no one." Zhu Jin sensed that the green guardian quickly fled, and then said a word from the corner of his mouth. After a while, without hesitation, he raised his palm slightly, and a bucket covered with nine thousand core inscriptions. The array scroll appeared directly in the hand.

"Go!" Immediately, Zhujin's figure exploded and disappeared, and the next moment when Zidu appeared, he came directly to the grass where the green guardian fled!

"Not good!" Although the green guardian is the strength of the Eight-star Doudi Consummation, how could he expect Zhujin's strength to be so fearful, because the situation of Zhujin's sudden disappearance was slightly sluggish under the grass, and then he was directly hit by Zhujin middle!

To be precise, the scroll of the battle formation on Zhujin's palm suddenly shot out under the grass where the green guardian was located!

At that time, on the grass, about ten meters of the ground, it broke open instantly!

Then a striking situation appeared in front of Zhu Jin.

"Be in there obediently."

"We are here this time, not for you, so we won't hurt you."

"But I have to feel wronged." Zhu Jin said slowly.

"Despicable!" The green guardian said suddenly.

At this time, I don't know what power, I directly imprisoned the green guardian, and the one who imprisoned her is an extremely complex formation!

The green guardian was in the formation at this time, and this formation actually made her 8-star Dou Emperor's perfect strength feel a wave of fear.

If it wasn't for Zhu Jin's lack of killing intent, I'm afraid that an attack would erupt when the core inscription was activated, and this eight-star Dou Di Perfection-level guardian would instantly fall into the formation!

"What are you doing in the underground palace!"

"The underground palace is an agreement between some of our strong men and King Xuanling."

"He provides us with an isolated place, and we live here." The green guardian said, rather puzzled.

"We are here just to find people, and we have no ill intentions towards you."

"But you made a mistake."

"King Xuanling is not simply to provide you with a place to be isolated from the world. If the time is right, I am afraid that with the character of King Xuanling, it may directly swallow you up." Zhu Jin shook his head and said.

Zhu Jin slowly discovered that the details of the Xuanling King have become mysterious and extremely elusive since the two fought each other!

"maybe."

"But we have been quiet for thousands of years, and we should protect this paradise for King Xuanling." The voice fell, and the green guardian's body was like the light of the moon, and it flashed green!

"You're crazy!" Seeing this, Zhu Jin was shocked!

This guardian actually wants to blow himself up!

"It's you who are crazy."

"If you want to pass the third floor that I'm guarding, it won't be so easy!" After the green guardian finished speaking, he suddenly laughed strangely!

"asshole!"

"What the **** is this guardian doing!" Zhu Jin asked in confusion.

"Grass..."

"Land..."

"Air……"

"Lend my strength!" After a while, a soft whisper came from under the lips of the green guardian Bei.

And with the green guardian's opening, Zhu Jin actually discovered that at this time, in this endless green grassland, hundreds of green light spots were directly facing the fallen formation at a speed visible to the naked eye. The green guardians in the scrolls roared!

"Not good!" When Zhu Jin realized something, the scroll of battle formation suddenly shattered and dissipated in this space.

"Miscalculation." Zhu Jin slowly shook his head.

I had indeed sent out nine thousand core inscriptions, nine thousand core inscriptions. This was enough to trap the nine-star Dou Di-level formation, but after trapping the green guardian, Zhu Jin didn't do anything, and gave him the protection. This formation will only be broken if the person has a chance to breathe.

"I don't know where you are."

"But today, I, Yuanlan, will definitely not let you go!"

"Take the call!"

"Ten Thousand Flowers Burial!" Yuan Lan, the green guardian, just finished speaking, and suddenly the overwhelming flying sand and stones, and the extremely bright green power directly transformed into a huge green flower. It is a huge force that implies a deadly place, roaring away at the bamboo embers!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey..." Zhu Jin shook his head, obviously not expecting that he would have to use his strength to deal with an eight-star Dou Emperor to complete his success.

"Sure enough, people are getting old." Zhu Jin said slowly, and then in his body, a force containing the power of black and white life and death slowly spread out from the body.

And with the emergence of Zhu Jin's dazzling power of life and death, the power in most of the space suddenly solidified!

Even Yuan Lan's attack was like a block of ice, stuck in the air.

"Pfft." Zhu Jin stretched out his finger and lightly tapped, and suddenly the Ten Thousand Flowers Thorn Burial, which had condensed into ice cubes, suddenly shattered.

"Half-immortal powerhouse..." At this time, Yuanlan's face also became extremely ugly!

"Escape!" An idea appeared directly in Yuan Lan's mind!

"Don't eat the toast, eat the penalty drink!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, and then the dazzling power of life and death instantly hit Yuan Lan, and then Yuan Lan passed out.

"It's settled, let's go."

"Fourth floor of the underground palace." Zhu Jin finished dealing with Yuanlan, passed out in a coma after three confirmations, and immediately returned to the side of Fen Tian and the others.

"Let's go."

"But you guy, an eight-star Dou Emperor has forced you to be like this."

"Hahaha." Fen Tian laughed.

"She..." Zhu Jin blushed when she heard the words.

Obviously, the embarrassing thing he just happened was sensed by Fen Tian.

Just wanted to quibble, then looked at the others and laughed as well, then stared viciously at the few people behind, and then walked towards the fourth floor of the underground palace!

And with the departure of Fen Tian and his party, the third floor of the underground palace also returned to calm, but the guardian was in a coma at this time, and there was no other change.