Chapter Vol 4 1235: Refining Earth Dragon Blood Crystal

"Early stage of the two-star Dou Xian?" Xiao Yan said in disbelief as he looked at the phantom of the immortal sparrow shrouded outside his body and sensed the fluctuations emerging from the Dou Core within his body.

Xiao Yan knew very well that because his strength had just broken through, he was only in the middle stage of the one-star Dou Xian. This devoured the soul of Dou Xian, and he actually forcibly broke through the one-star Dou Xian and reached the level of the two-star Dou Xian. Soul can bring strength to a certain extent, but at this moment, Xiao Yan still couldn't help but want to laugh.

"Success." The next moment, the shock on his face was slowly replaced by a smile!

Two-star fighting immortal!

The strength of the two-star Dou Xian can undoubtedly cope with the ratio of Dongzhou this time, and Xiao Yan has more confidence in the ratio of the four continents after the ratio of Dongzhou.

"This undead ghost bird is really strong." The next moment, Xiao Yan and his soul power were currently sensing the undead ghost bird, and found that he was shrouded and attached by the undead ghost bird at this time, and his defense and even attack power were improved. up a grade!

Even with the strength of the fighting spirit alone, Xiao Yan, who was in the early stage of the two-star fighting immortal stage, and the real middle-stage two-star fighting immortal powerhouse, would not be able to give in too much!

"Hey... this undead nymph seems to resonate with undead leaf?" In the next moment, Xiao Yan discovered that, as he successfully devoured the undead nymph, the undead leaf in his body made a sound. strange sound.

"It seems that only near the undead fire will the undead ghost bird and the undead leaf really resonate. When entering the fourth courtyard, we should prepare the materials to swallow the undead fire first." Xiao Yan smiled slowly. .

"Next, it's time to refine the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal and cultivate the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God." With a plan in his mind, Xiao Yan also slowly collected the Dou Soul, and immediately took out the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal. muttered.

Just after taking out the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal, the iron cage containing the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal was immediately suspended by Xiao Yan above the blood pool. In the middle, a trace of fiery red liquid was slowly beating, and this fiery red liquid was exactly what Xiao Yan needed right now.

Earth Dragon Blood Crystal, this is a dragon with dragon bloodline. Although it is extremely thin, it is the best for Xiao Yan now. After all, he has just started cultivating the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God. , tantamount to dying.

However, looking at the dragon blood crystal here reminded Xiao Yan of the old dragon emperor of the Taixu Ancient Dragon. He was also one of the five people who entered this great world with him, but now there is no trace.

In the vast world, only the real dragon race dominates, and the Taixu ancient dragon may be strong, but Xiao Yan has never heard of this race. After all, the Taixu ancient dragon is only a race with the blood of the dragon family. The real dragon family is nothing short of nothing.

"Forget it, let's deal with the things in front of you first." For the time being, without thinking about other things, he slowly opened his mouth and said, after all, the soul jade in Xiao Yan's hand, the soul power of the other four people are all engraved on it, at this time the soul jade is on the fourth Silk soul power is stable, obviously they are all well.

"Huhu."

"The dragon blood crystal here is really a good thing." The next moment, Xiao Yan turned his attention directly to the dragon blood crystal. A rather intoxicating force.

What the dragon clan controls is naturally the limit of strength and physicality, and these pseudo-dragons with a thin bloodline of the dragon clan also inherit this characteristic, but at best they are not as powerful as the real dragon clan.

However, this was enough for Xiao Yan at the moment.

"Holy flame!" Xiao Yan didn't waste any time. The bright blue-yellow two-color holy flame slowly wrapped around the iron cage outside the bounded dragon blood crystal. The fire burns into nothingness.

"Let's get started." Without the restraint of the iron cage, those blood crystals lost their center of gravity and were about to fall towards the blood pool below. Xiao Yan's eyes were fast, and the dazzling holy flame directly wrapped it and started refining.

The material of the outermost layer of the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal is quite solid. Even if it was a holy flame, it took a full month of burning and refining before small cracks slowly appeared. The dragon's blood crystal slowly showed a trace of conspicuous cracks and began to melt.

"Let's go out first." Xiao Yan said slowly while controlling Sheng Yan's refining ground dragon blood crystal.

The red liquid that appeared from the refining of the Earth Dragon blood crystals slowly dripped into the blood pool below, and when the red liquid dripped down, the clear and transparent water surface turned scarlet. Xiao Yan did not dare to stop. Jump directly into the blood pool, and wait until all the blood crystals of the earth dragon are refined before they can absorb the power perfectly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Tick-tock-tick." A clear and crisp voice slowly emerged. In this special space set up by the ghosts, Xiao Yan was also working hard to refine the blood crystals.

The place where Xiao Yan is at this time is the guardian space on the fifth floor in the Icefire Island. The guardian here is called the Furious Sea Crazy Lizard, and its strength has reached the level of a four-star fighting immortal. Guarding the blood pond, but this guy didn't know that the blood pond had already been used by Xiao Yan. After all, he had the arrogant power of the ghost like a six-star fighting fairy to cover up. No matter how careful this guy was, he would not be able to discover its secrets.

"Today's Burning Jue is a bit strange." Xiao Yan muttered while looking at the blood crystals that were continuously refining on the blood pool.

Speaking of Fen Jue, Xiao Yan always felt that something was missing, because when he practiced Fen Jue, he only relied on devouring different fires to evolve Fen Jue’s cultivation technique. At this time, Fen Jue, in addition to the level of cultivation technique evolution, seemed to There are another six levels.

"Burning Jue is divided into six realms! One is burning Jue, burning the foundation! The second is burning Jue, burning the soul! The third is burning Jue, burning the body! The fourth is burning the sky! The fifth is burning the earth! The mighty Fen Jue cultivation technique is completely in Xiao Yan's mind, but what makes Xiao Yan strange is that even if he has swallowed the holy flame, he still has not set foot on even the first realm of Fen Jue!

Today's Fen Jue, its rank has reached the middle stage of the Holy Rank, but for the six realms of the Fen Jue, even if Xiao Yan has the Holy Flame, there is a feeling of powerlessness. It seems that the six realms of Fen Jue Realm, I don't have enough strength to cultivate in general!

According to Xiao Yan's conjecture, since Fen Jue is divided into six realms, when Xiao Yan's strength was still Emperor Dou, he didn't even have the qualifications to investigate the cultivation methods of those six realms. I found some clues, but still couldn't find out all, so Fen Jue's six realms, even now, haven't set foot in the first realm.

However, Xiao Yan felt that the stronger his own power, the more secrets hidden in the Fen Jue quietly emerged.

five more to

Or the author's Wugengliuli hand is powerful