Chapter Vol 4 1077: Fighting Immortals Gathering

The next day, when the sun scatters over the earth, a new day officially begins.

This day was the day when the Xuanling royal family invited the leaders of the various super sects in Xuantian to go to Xuanling Mountain to kill the evil people from outside the realm.

Many strong people are also suspicious, but they don't know if this is a feast or a disaster.

Inside the Burning Incense Pavilion, a black army was lined up neatly. Everyone in the army had an extremely heavy face, and they all knew that this trip was dangerous.

In this army, there are not only the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion, but even the elders and some powerful people. In addition to the three powerhouses of the other Poison Sect, the Wanhua Pavilion and the Medusa family, it can be said that they are truly the strong army.

"This time, I will take the lead, Fen Tian secretly assist, Wan Hua Pavilion and Medusa assist, only success is allowed, not failure." The Sect Master of the Poison Sect stood at the front of the team and opened his mouth slightly.

Obviously Fen Tian didn't show up, which was quite a blow to the morale of these disciples. It wasn't enough for the Poison Sect Sect Master to name Fen Tian to hide in secret, which undoubtedly gave these disciples a reassurance.

"Xuanling Mountain does not allow outsiders to enter. After a while, the coalition forces will stay outside Xuanling Mountain and listen to my orders."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As for other high-level executives, first go to Xuanling Mountain to see what King Xuanling is up to."

"Do you understand!" The Poison Sect Sect Master said domineeringly.

"clear!"

"clear!"

"Understood!" One of the coalition forces responded aggressively.

"Now that you're ready, let's go." The Poison Sect Sect Master glanced at him with satisfaction, and then his figure flashed directly and walked away in the direction of Xuanling Mountain.

In the Xuanling royal family.

"How are things going?" King Xuanling, who was on the throne, asked Wen Zi who was beside him.

"Report to my king, everything has been prepared." Wen Zi also said with a smile, if this time the matter is successful, his Wen Zi will be one person below ten thousand people.

"Then let's go, it's time for us to go out to welcome the guests." After King Xuanling finished speaking, the corner of his mouth smiled evilly, and the smile was full of evil intentions.

As for the other major super sects, their leaders also rushed towards Xuanling Mountain slowly, but the eight sects of the Demon Slayer Alliance that were promised before, now there are only four sects left, including the Medusa clan.

Xuanling Mountain.

Since ancient times, this has been the place where the emperors of the Xuanling royal family ascended the throne and worshipped, so the important events of the Xuanling royal family in all dynasties will be held here. There are hundreds of stairs at the bottom of Xuanling Mountain, but at the top is a huge black altar.

On this day, Xuanling Mountain was guarded from the foot of the mountain to the top of the mountain by soldiers and strong men of the Xuanling royal family.

"Tsk tsk tsk, this Xuanling royal family is really impressive." After a while, at the foot of the mountain, a group of people appeared vaguely, and Zhu Jin couldn't help saying.

"The strength of these people seems to be a little wrong." The Poison Sect Sect Master on the side glanced slightly at the many guards standing on the second side of the stairs and said something.

"I want to see what the King Xuanling wants to do."

"Let's go." After Shefu finished speaking, he also walked slightly towards Xuanling Mountain.

The Medusa clan Snake Fu, Wanhua Pavilion Pavilion Master, Poison Sect Sect Master and Burning Incense Pavilion Zhujin went to the top of the mountain, but it was quite strange that King Xuanling even invited the Medusa clan.

"It's finally here." Not long after, the four of them slowly came to the top of the mountain.

When I just came to the top of the mountain, I was immediately attracted by this huge scene.

The top of Xuanling Mountain is a huge altar. The altar has a "convex" shape, and the two sides are gently uplifted in the middle. At the point where the "convex" shape is uplifted, the nine members of the Dragon-loving Legion are slowly guarding it. As for the most central part , with a black curtain of dozens of meters, as if covering something.

"Ha ha."

"Burning Incense Pavilion, Wanhua Pavilion, Poison Sect, Medusa Clan."

"The four of you, please come to the table." Just seeing the four of them appear, Wen Zi, who was on the side, came slowly and smiled at the four of them.

Seeing this, the four Zhu Jin didn't hesitate too much, and returned to their respective seats on both sides of the altar.

"Tsk tsk, looking at this battle, this King Xuanling has a lot of face. I am afraid that this time the Demon Extermination Ceremony has invited almost all the high-level officials of Xuan Santian." As soon as he sat down, Zhu Jin couldn't help but said.

"This King Xuanling has a lot of ambition. I'm afraid this time it won't be for the sake of exterminating demons." .

"The Great Demon Extermination Ceremony is not a child's play. Only by gathering the strength of our strong men can we completely obliterate the foreign evil race."

"So everyone, please stay safe and don't be impatient, and wait until the strong gather to wipe out the evil people from outside the territory." In the noisy crowd, King Xuanling wearing a golden robe, directly lifted into the air, and said to a group of strong people. .

"King Xuanling is really a god..."

"It's amazing to be able to capture the evil race from outside the realm..."

"With the leadership of King Xuanling, our Xuanling Continent will definitely prosper." The leaders of some small sects looked at King Xuanling and couldn't help but praise.

"How come I can't see through this guy's strength?" At this time, the Poison Sect Sect Master was slightly surprised. Even if she was at the level of One Star Fighting Immortal Perfection, she couldn't see through King Xuanling's strength.

"Let's wait." Zhu Jin also calmed down.

And as the four quieted down, familiar figures slowly appeared in the altar.

"The people from Dan Valley are here." I don't know who said something, and suddenly a gorgeous old man slowly appeared on the altar.

"Pill ghost Ye Qingtian..." Zhu Jin gave a slight glance Obviously, these sects were not too surprised to escape from the battle. Paul, anything can be done.

"The people from the Ancient Desolate Palace are here too..."

"The people of the puppet mansion..."

"The people from Wanjianmen..." Following the arrival of the people from Dangu, a big man who was enough to shake Xuan Santian slowly came to this altar.

Among these powerhouses, the weakest are also half-immortals, and most of them are one-star fighting immortals!

At this time, Xuanling Mountain is really full of fighting immortals!

"It's almost time to start." King Xuanling looked at the countless powerhouses present, and couldn't help but laugh at the corners of his mouth.

With so many immortal warriors, He Chou, the Xuanling King, couldn't form a truly powerful army!

At this time, under the bulging altar of Xuanling Mountain, scenes of incomparably evil voices also sounded.

"Be careful, when the extraterritorial evil clan is killed, the entire Xuansan three days will be the world of our Xuanling royal family." Zhuo Lao walked back and forth and couldn't help saying.

The appearance here is quite mysterious. There is no trace in the darkness. Only when you can see clearly, three huge stone pillars slowly appear in the darkness, and the figures of Yan Chi, Mu Yingying and Cailin also appear one after another. , On the stone pillar, drops of blood that are extremely evil continue to surround, tying the three of them to death!

The writing is very slow, because the climax requires repeated deliberation

I don't dare to have any guarantees, I can only make a minimum of three changes in these days.