Chapter Vol 4 1914: Devouring the heart of the demon emperor, in the 7-star fighting immortal...

The latest website: "Huhu... This time is really a bit reluctant." Just after the war ended, Xiao Yan took the Dark Underworld back, but there were some subtle changes in the Dark Underworld. Xiao Yan didn't notice it.

Xiao Yan knew that this time, if it wasn't because the evil-eyed demon king underestimated the enemy, and he was only a middle-stage Eight-star Fighting Immortal who was good at using the eye technique and pupil technique, if it were any other powerhouse, I am afraid that this time the battle would not have happened. more dangerous.

But simply, although the process was extremely dangerous, but he succeeded.

Moreover, Xiao Yan was also very distressed for the 100,000 monster army, but at the last moment, he was already at the end of the force. have to do that.

After the battle, there were only nearly 700 of the original 1,000 elites, and even the nine demon generals were only left with the mysterious ape. An Ran stood on the clean ground cleaned by the Holy Flame, trying to regain her strength.

The Tianyuan battlefield was successfully cleaned up, and with a thousand elites killing the evil-eyed demon king with all the power, these terrifying achievements might make Xiao Yan debut in the demon world in a short time, and this is the last retreat for them to save the black dragon and wolf guards.

Xiao Yan was sitting cross-legged on the ground at this time, slowly running the Burning Jue, practicing to restore the breath in his body, but his face was not very friendly, obviously it was the after-effects caused by swallowing the medicinal pills to improve his strength.

"Today's power, with the quasi-immortal technique behind the demon emperor, and the full demon cube, this time in the demon world, I can really play a pivotal role."

"Huh..." Just as Xiao Yan was looking at it carefully, the fire-type bucket core and the wood-type bucket core burst out with dazzling suction, and a feeling of extreme emptiness spread out.

"This is?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be overjoyed, this sign was clearly a precursor to a breakthrough!

"It seems that because of the successive overloaded battles, we are going to break through the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals." The next moment, Xiao Yan's face and brows stretched, and a smile emerged.

Although his own strength is weak, it is also growing step by step. As long as his strength reaches the eight-star Dou Xian, even in the entire Great Thousand World, Xiao Yan has enough confidence to fight, and at that time, whether it is returning to Dou Qi Continent or solving the Xiao Clan. Wait, it will be solved.

Everything came as Xiao Yan thought in his heart.

However, even Xiao Yan did not expect that this battle not only completely repaired the sequelae of his previous rapid strength improvement, but also opened up the opportunity to advance to the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals by chance. Two get.

But now Xiao Yan's state is completely different from before, because now, after swallowing the medicinal pills to improve his strength, Xiao Yan's strength is already insufficient, resulting in extremely weak fighting core and breath in the body, and now a breakthrough opportunity appears, which leads to Xiao Yan appeared strong on the outside and cadre in the middle, and a large area of ​​vacancies appeared in the fire attribute bucket core in his body. He couldn't help but **** energy away from the wood attribute.

If this vacancy is not filled, I am afraid it will have a lot of influence on Xiao Yan in the future.

"How do I make up for it... With my current weakness to the point where I only have half the strength of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal, if I want to break through to the middle stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal, I'm afraid I will need a lot of power..." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while.

After swallowing the medicinal pills, although Xiao Yan's strength has a stick of incense at the initial stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, the after-effects are also very obvious, which will make Xiao Yan's strength drop to the half-step Seven-Star Fighting Immortal level in the next month.

And if you want to restore your peak power, you can only have a great tonic or extremely pure power.

And now Xiao Yan is still about to break through. If he misses such a great opportunity, he will not know the next breakthrough.

"You brat, why are you so stupid." After sighing, a curse sounded from the depths of Xiao Yan's body.

"The spirit of the demon book?" This time Xiao Yan was not surprised, but when he was fighting before, this guy seemed to be dormant in his body, and there was no reaction at all, which made Xiao Yan wonder if he should not be frightened. It's just that Xiao Yan didn't know that the spirit of the demon book was just a spirit body without any combat power. Just now, taking advantage of Xiao Yan's battle, he investigated Xiao Yan's aura inside and out.

"Take out the heart of the demon emperor and the blood of the demon emperor."

"I'm afraid there are only two items on your body that can help you now," said the spirit of the demon book.

"But I have to say that you are really hidden from this kid... The Xiao clan pattern, the power of evil, and even the dark creatures of the underworld, holy flames..."

"These things are just one kind. If you take them out, I'm afraid it will cause a storm. You are really a terrifying guy."

"However, the power in your body is disorganized now, which has also created the limitations of your combat effectiveness."

"After all, Lord Monster Emperor, at your age, is already able to face the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals alone." The Spirit of Monster Book continued to speak, not giving Xiao Yan any chance to respond at all.

"..." Xiao Yan couldn't help rolling his eyes and said, and immediately took out the Heart of the Demon Emperor and its blood essence that he had previously obtained.

The colorful drops of blood essence and the heart wrapped in the green air mass exude dazzling pure power all the time.

"Are these things useful?" After Xiao Yan took it out, he looked at the pure power above the two, and immediately hesitated.

He is essentially a human being, and directly absorbing these powers may also have sequelae.

"Cut, you guy is just a waste of money."

"If it weren't for you being a human being, I'm afraid the Demon Emperor's Heart alone would have allowed you to break through two minor levels in a row. It's a pity, it's a pity."

"But with so many treasures in your body, you don't have to worry about transformation at all, just absorb it directly." The Spirit of the Demon Book once said sarcastically in an old man's tone.

"Then just swallow it." Xiao Yan didn't bother to pay attention to him, and immediately closed his eyes, adjusted his breath to the peak, and immediately prepared to swallow.

"Why does this guy have the same aura as the Demon Emperor?"

"Could it be because of the flames of light in his body?"

"..." The spirit of the demon book also quieted down Weng buzzing! With no distractions, when Xiao Yan swallowed the few drops of colorful demon emperor blood into his belly, an indescribable sense of relief permeated out.

"Xuuuu!" As time passed by, the weak state in Xiao Yan's body was slowly being repaired.

"Come on!" It took a few days before he completely recovered, and he slowly absorbed the heart of the green group demon emperor!

"Weng buzzing!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's fighting core and body injured during the battle were repaired, and his strength was also slowly moving towards the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

In an instant, Xiao Yan was enjoying this special state, but he didn't know that his clan pattern was slowly opening, and even the flame beast in his body showed signs of awakening.