Chapter 686: 4 things that resurrected the ancestor Xiao Xuan!

"Is that the Five Elements Beast?" The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth exuded a slight scorching wave.

He had promised his ancestor Xiao Xuan on Dou Di Continent that he would one day help him see the light of day again!

At the beginning, he was still on the Dou Qi Continent. Due to the limitation of the plane, he could not stay for too long when his strength broke through the Dou Emperor, so he did not have time to solve the problem of his ancestor Xiao Xuan, but fortunately, the last trace of soul power in the scene was stored by Xiao Yan. In Xiao Yan's body, so now Xiao Yan also has the ability to revive him!

"Remember, the Dou Di Continent is no better than the Dou Qi Continent of the lower plane. Here, if you want to revive others with a trace of soul power, you need these kinds of things!"

"First, shape the soul-returning pill!"

"Secondly, the body of a fighting emperor."

"Thirdly, the Demon Core of Dou Di-level demon beasts."

"Fourth, and the most basic, the flame must be holy flame."

"Shaping the soul-returning pill, this is a pill that is at the second-grade earth pill level of the emperor. The flesh and bones of life and death, even if there is only a trace of remnant soul left, is a peerless divine pill that can be resurrected!"

"The body of a strong Dou Di is easy to solve, but the strength of a strong Dou emperor's body determines to a large extent the limit reached after resurrection, so naturally the stronger the body of Dou Di is, the better."

"As for the final Dou Di-level demon core, you are also prepared."

"So now, what you lack is only the technology of refining medicine pills, but if you have the opportunity, you should enter the Burning Incense Pavilion and get the blood essence and magic core of the Five Elements beasts there. This will be very helpful for you to resurrect your ancestors in the future. Great help!" The voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, slowly echoed in Xiao Yan's mind!

"The magic core and blood essence on the Five Elements beasts do not know what kind of peculiar effects they have, and even the ancestors continue to admire it."

"As for the body of the strong Dou Di, it's time to start preparing."

"However, there is still a bit of difficulty in shaping the soul-returning pill. Although I am already a second-rank emperor-rank alchemist, I have not yet made a real breakthrough, so it still takes some time." Xiao Yan slowly calculated in his heart. road.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Mu Yingyingyu gave Xiao Yan a hand. For some reason, when Xiao Yan first saw the five-element beast, his eyes fell into a state of sluggishness, and immediately said.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan smiled at Mu Yingying, and then his gaze returned to the Five Elements Beast!

At this time, the five-element beast is surrounded by transparent and colorless water circles slowly, but the huge shell and limbs of the five-element golden tortoise are extremely obvious!

"It looks like this guy's defense should be very strong, but it's really hard to deal with." Xiao Yan sensed it and said immediately.

"Xiao Yan, do you want to attack the Five Elements Beast?" Qin Xin seemed to have the special ability to read other people's thoughts, and immediately said to Xiao Yan.

"How do you know?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard this.

"I need this guy's tortoise shell, the magic core and blood essence are all yours, how about it?" Qin Xin laughed with interest.

"So good?" Xiao Yan said in disbelief when he heard this.

The strength of these five-element beasts is strong to the late stage of the Seven Star Doudi, and the demon core and blood essence have been tempered with five attributes, which are undoubtedly more powerful than ordinary demon core and blood essence!

"How's it going?" Qinxin asked.

"Deal!" Xiao Yan was not a procrastinator either, he said straightforwardly.

"This tortoise shell is a bit complicated." The heart rock in Xiao Yan's body spoke slightly, obviously he heard something else from Qin Xin's words.

However, Xinyan did not hear what Xiao Yan said.

The reason why Xiao Yan wanted to make a deal with Qin Xin was on the one hand for Qin Xin. Since Qin Xin was able to become a disciple of the young man, it could be seen that his strength was tyrannical, and with one person participating, Xiao Yan was much more confident.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I'll join too." Seeing Xiao Yan and Qinxin reaching a consensus, Mu Yingying said immediately.

"Hey, the good things have already been distributed by us, and we have nothing left for you!" Qin Xin Jiao said angrily.

"No, this time it will be regarded as your reward for helping me break through the six-star Dou Emperor's calamity." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she smiled lightly at Xiao Yan.

"Yep."

"Be careful, these guys should take action." Xiao Yan nodded.

"Boom boom boom!" The Five Elements Beast and the Celestial Eye Giant Beast descended on the top of the Boundless Mountain at the same time, making the Boundless Mountain extremely lively at this time.

"It seems that the three of us are together today." The blond boy said slowly, and then said.

"Yeah, I've been looking forward to this day for a long time." The Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast changed its giggling, replaced it with a heavy look, and then slowly stared at the Spiritual Woman of the Fallen Mountain in front of him!

"The ambition of the two of you is really not small. The particularity of Luoling Mountain is very suitable for our survival. We are already the best gift here. You can't eat it carefully!" The five elements snorted and said immediately.

"Humph!"

"Five-element beast, don't think I don't know what you think!"

"If you live here for 100,000 years, with the strength of your body, it's not difficult to survive the 100,000-year catastrophe, but we?"

"Can we wait?"

"Even if you wait for the next 100,000 years, what will you rely on to break through the 100,000-year calamity?" The countless compound eyes of the giant beast stared at the five-element beast, and then said with hatred.

"It seems that you and this guy have colluded?" Seeing this, the Five Elements Beast didn't panic at all, as if it had been expected.

"Yes, there is one point."

"But I promised him that this time I defeated the spirit of Luoling Mountain, and I will take him with me." The blond boy smiled slowly when he heard the words.

"Hahaha!"

"Tianmu behemoth, I think you were deceived by this guy This guy's character, I believe you know better than me, you and his group are tantamount to wolf entering the tiger's mouth." Five Elements Beast Let out a contempt.

"Yeah, it's precisely because I know his nature that I decided to follow him and go crazy for a while!"

"If it succeeds, then escape from this ghost place. If it fails, then it will dissipate between heaven and earth. It is better than living here!"

"Since the two of you have already made up your mind, it's not easy for me to stop you, but I won't participate in this battle."

"But I will be the witness of the three of you." The Five Elements Beast smiled slowly.

"Then let's get started." The Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast also knew that the Five Elements Beast had his own abacus, so he stopped talking and said to the blond boy.

"I have to go all out. I used the power of the dead beasts in the entire Luoling Mountain to barely summon the spirit of Luoling Mountain. If he escapes this time, I am afraid there will be no chance in the future."

"There is only one chance." The blond boy said slowly, and after speaking, a sense of solemnity emerged.

"Okay!" Hearing this, the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast nodded as well.

"Have you... discussed it?"

"If it's discussed, let's go together." At the moment when the two were talking, the figure of the spirit woman of Luoling Mountain was suddenly different from before, with a very disdainful tone, facing the blond boy and the giant Tianmu. animal way.

A war is about to break out!