Chapter 508: get away!

"do not care!"

"Go!" Liu Quan doesn't care what the **** Xuan Wanxin and Qin Tian are up to, because Liu Quan regards the boxy soul-shattering cards in his hand as something condensed by the power of ghosts and immortals. , so Liu Quan has enough confidence that when the Soul Shattering Card comes out, he instantly kills Qin Tian!

"Boom boom boom!" As Liu Quan's voice just fell, the square black beam of light in his hand shook suddenly, and then turned into a black air mass about several meters in size!

The black air mass slowly formed, but among them, a very eye-catching word "shattered" suddenly appeared!

With the condensing and forming of this Soul Shattering Card, a chill poured into everyone's hearts in the enchantment that was already shrouded in black enchantment at this time!

The next moment, the Soul Shattering Card suddenly eroded away towards Qin Tian with a burst of extremely strong ghost energy.

Although the momentum is small, the power contained in the black air mass of the Soul Shattering Card, even Qin Tian, ​​feels a little weak.

"As expected, it's a soul-shattering card. It can lock me. I'm afraid I'll be hit by it wherever I run..." Qin Tian sighed slowly, even if he was separated by a few hundred meters, he could still get away from it. A death-like wave was felt in the black air mass of the Soul Shattering Card!

If you are really hit by this broken soul card, I am afraid that your strength at the peak of Dou Di will instantly dissipate your soul, and you will fall here in the true sense!

"If it wasn't for the fact that our Dragon-loving Legion was full of scars this time, in order to save our strength and deal with the Medusa family, you Liu Quan would have died ten times." Qin Tian faced the broken soul card with a wave of death. Without any trace of fear, he spoke slowly.

"Isn't Qin Tian giving up resistance?" The moment Liu Quan left the Soul Shattering Card, he had already mobilized most of the power in his body, so now Liu Quan is sure about the Soul Shattering Card. Strong enough to kill Dou Di's peak, not to mention that Qin Tian's strength is less than half of his peak!

After Liu Quan thought for a while, there was no result, so Liu gave up thinking and stared directly at Qin Tian in front of him.

At this moment, wherever the ray of light from the Shattered Soul Card went, ghosts wailed everywhere, causing countless gloomy ghosts to permeate this enchantment!

On the other hand, Qin Tian still looked at Liu Quan as if nothing had happened, and did not take the broken soul card in his eyes at all, but a fiery red appeared in his pupils.

On the contrary, Xuan Wanxin, who was not far behind Qin Tian, ​​was rapidly changing the handprints in his hands, and strange and mysterious runes continued to appear all over his body.

"Qin Tian, ​​you are still so arrogant when you are about to die?"

"Don't worry, I'll leave you a whole body."

"Hahaha." Liu Quan laughed strangely!

The next moment, the broken soul card seemed to be locked on Qin Tian. When it came to Qin Tian for several dozen meters, the speed suddenly increased, and the black air mass suddenly opened a huge gap, as if it wanted to give Qin Tian an instant. Devour in general!

"Virtualization!" A harsh voice echoed in this enchantment, and then in the broken soul card, the power of Execution of Immortals just pierced through Qin Tian's body!

It seems that Qin Tian at this time is just a phantom, not a real body at all!

"How is that possible!" Liu Quan's pupils clenched tightly, and a wave of fear poured into his heart.

This broken soul card is the hand of the ghosts of the ghost world. Once the broken soul card is released, not to mention the powerhouse at the peak of the Dou Emperor, even the powerhouse at the half-immortal level can only fall sadly!

This is also why Liu Quan can challenge and kill Zhu Jin with confidence by relying on his strength of Rank Three Nine Star Dou Di!

How could this be possible!

"Doesn't it feel incredible?" The next moment, the broken soul card penetrated directly, then turned into a white mist, and instantly disappeared into the enchantment!

Although the Soul Shattering Card was terrifying, it was only a one-time thing after all. Once Qin Tian avoided it by strange means, it naturally lost its energy and disappeared.

"Then let me tell you!"

"Liu Quan, today is your day of death!" Qin Tian suddenly drank, and a shocking fiery red flame spewed out of his body!

"Fire Dragon Roar!" With an angry shout, Qin Tian tapped the soles of his feet on the ground, and suddenly leveraged his strength to transform into a fire dragon. Qin Tian was in the mouth of the fire dragon and attacked Liu Quan who was still in surprise!

"asshole!"

"How can this happen... This is something of a ghost, it doesn't claim to have the power to kill half-immortals, how can it be..." Liu Quan said in a very puzzled way, obviously he didn't understand why his soul-shattering card failed!

"Boom boom boom!" In the next second, Qin Tian suddenly came to Liu Quan's side, making Liu Quan have to guard against it.

"Humph!" With a cold snort, the monstrous black energy poured into Liu Quan's body, and then Qin Tian's seemingly terrifying blow was instantly blocked.

"Being strong from the outside and working hard at the same time, it seems that Qin Tian, ​​you are at the end." Although Liu Quan didn't know why the Soul Shattering Card passed directly through Qin Tian, ​​at the moment, it was too late to think too much, so he had to fight well!

It's just that Liu Quan at this time didn't see the ground at all, but the medicine core slowly opened up an extremely small crack behind him!

As for Song Li and Yang Wei, a trace of blood flowed from the corners of their mouths, and then they stared at the battle in the sky!

"Hahaha, is that so?" At the next moment, Qin Tian laughed loudly, and then the figure quickly moved away from Liu Quan, and above his body, a silver light was slowly exuding.

"Silver light?"

"Space transfer?" Liu Quan's eyes narrowed, and suddenly realized something was wrong!

"Liu Quan, there will be an appointment in the future. Today's account, my Xuanling royal family will definitely recover it in the future!" Qin Tian finished speaking, his figure flickered strangely, and then disappeared into this black enchantment!

"Soul attack!" A cold snort came out, making Liu Quan have to guard against it.

"Bastard!" Liu Quan just wanted to stop Qin Tian, ​​but was stopped by the sudden blow from the medicine core.

The next moment, Qin Tian's group disappeared without a trace, and even the rift that escaped was closed again!

The next moment, Liu Quan seemed to find that there were two cold, malicious eyes directed at him.

"Song Li? Yang Wei? What are you doing?"

"Let the two of you stop those dragon-loving legionaries, you can't stop them, you're really trash!" A displeased voice appeared from Liu Quan's mouth, and Liu Quan returned to his youthful appearance again.

"Hehehe, three sect masters, after all, you look at a few people who are also from the Dragon-loving Legion. Our strength is limited..." Just as Song Li was about to speak, Yang Wei pulled Song Li directly and immediately said.

"Forget it, you two do your best, and forgive you this time."

"Let's go!" Liu Quan said slowly, just about to leave the black barrier.

"Sect Master wait a minute, there is something I want to borrow from the Sect Master, but I don't know if it is feasible." The corner of Yang Wei's mouth rose, revealing a dangerous smile.

"Oh?"

"what?"

"Tell me?" Liu Quan turned his head and looked at Yang Wei, who was smiling.

"That thing...is..."

"Three Sect Master, your power!" After Yang Wei finished speaking, his breath suddenly soared, and he launched a terrifying offensive! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: