Chapter Vol 4 1592: Ling Yu's conspiracy!

Deep in Qingyun Pavilion.

"Little bastard, where does this ghost energy in your body come from?" In a water prison deep in Qingyun Pavilion, a figure bathed in black robes stood above the water, with a ferocious face. said.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, a figure who was bound to death suddenly appeared under the black water.

This person is indeed Xiao Gui!

It's just that the current Xiao Yan's breath is sluggish, and even the countless scars all over his body are extremely conspicuous, but it is a very special scene. At this time, the dazzling black ghost energy on Xiao Gui's body surrounds him, which makes trying to The man in black who harmed and controlled Xiao Gui had nothing to do.

After all, every time one's own strength is close to Xiao Gui's body, he will be completely devoured by his ghost qi, and that ghost qi is extremely terrifying, it seems to be protecting Xiao Gui out of instinct.

"Hehe, Ling Yu, sooner or later, I will kill you completely with my own hands." Xiao Gui's hair became wet due to the water, raised his head, and said with a grim expression, and the water prison was full of With the extremely tyrannical sealing power, nine out of ten Xiao Gui's body power has been sealed.

"Boy, what Ling Yu wants to get, has never been obtained, let alone just a mere woman." The man in black sneered, disdainfully.

"But thanks to you, Luo Menglan is having trouble sleeping and eating now, and coupled with the persecution of marriage from the Lord of the Soul, you will definitely lose this battle..."

"Susu." The man in black said with a sneer.

From the beginning to the end, the men in black have no meaning, but who made Luo Menglan the guardian family of Shengyan? As long as the marriage is established, Ling Yu will be forced to ask the whereabouts of Shengyan. In addition to finding a holy flame and dedicating it to the evil race outside the territory, then his status and the resources he obtained will be beyond imagination. At that time, Ling Yu will not be able to restrain Ling Yu in the mere soul domain.

"The ghost aura on this person is a little weird, and it seems to be similar to some of the auras in the 'Earth Spirit Pagoda'." After Shun breathed, there was an unusually strange voice under the black robe of the man in black. , This voice just came out, and it was like a demon that devoured the soul.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"This voice?" Xiao Gui raised his head attentively when he heard the words, and looked at the man in black who was stepping on the water surface of the water prison. The voice was filled with dazzling evil, like a demon, and it seemed to be a kind of foreign evil race. , and their conversation, without a trace, entered Xiao Gui's ears.

"Earth Spirit Pagoda?"

"Isn't this the most precious thing in the courtyard?"

"It seems that my life experience should have something to do with this thing." Xiao Gui muttered slowly, because this ghost energy was filled with an extremely gentle force, and when he was seriously injured and fell, he suddenly appeared to protect himself, so Xiao Gui murmured slowly. The ghost concluded that this was obviously the power left by his parents to protect him.

"never mind."

"Xiao Yan entered the acacia tree and obtained a lot of treasures. At this time, he has left the acacia tree and returned to the sect, and relying on the relationship between the two of them, Xiao Yan will definitely come here. As long as Xiao Yan comes, we will be We can kill them all in one go." The man in black laughed, his voice filled with ecstasy, this time, the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body is bound to be obtained, and the treasure that Xiao Yan obtained from the acacia tree will finally be able to It fell into his mouth effortlessly. As for Xiao Yan's strength, Ling Yu didn't take it seriously. After all, a genius like him was a four-star fighting immortal. With the existence of half a field, it was natural that he had him. proud.

"This Xiao Yan has a high status in the Lingyuan. What good excuse is there to keep quiet..." The evil voice was talking, but listening to the tone, it was obviously not the first time that he had done this kind of thing. .

"Xiao Gui and Xiao Yan's two brothers tried to win the marriage gift of the Lord of the Soul of Destruction. In order to protect the prestige of the Lord of the Soul of Li, the genius of the underground courtyard shot with tears, and finally wiped out the two of them, in order to follow the example and protect the Lord of the Soul of Li. The prestige of adults." The man in black smiled gloomily. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"By the way, that Xiao Yan seems to have a rather tyrannical soul force, but this time, I will help you deal with it."

"As for Xiao Yan, I'll leave it to you." The evil aura opened his mouth, but at this time, there was an aura that was not inferior to the criminal envoys, sin guards and even the strong souls that Xiao Yan encountered before.

"No problem... As long as he dares to come, I naturally want him to know who is the real genius in this spiritual courtyard." As soon as he finished speaking, the figure of the man in black slowly disappeared.

"Brother, this is a conspiracy, you must not come..."

"And headmaster Luo and Meng Lan, don't act rashly at this time."

"Ling Yu, this time I will definitely make you regret it." As soon as he finished speaking, the ghost energy in Xiao Gui's body suddenly tumbled, and a trace of tyrannical aura like a sleeping dragon emerged quietly. This power is actually Xiao The life-saving power left to him by the ghost parents.

In the Lingyuan Luo Mansion.

"Ancestor Luo." In the hall of the mansion, Luo Zamu, Luo Menglan and the old ghost of the earth spirit stood. After a while, Luo Menglan took the lead in breaking the calm and said.

"Menglan, don't be impulsive, this time things are definitely not so simple." Seeing Luo Menglan so hurried, Luo Zamu couldn't help but comfort him. At his level, he obviously has too many things to consider, and it is impossible for his children's personal love. thereby affecting the overall situation.

"Ancestor, I have absorbed a lot of things in the ancestral hall. Now, with the power of my four-star fighting immortal middle stage and the power of the flame, it is enough to obliterate Ling Yu."

"This time, let me go, otherwise, even if I die, I will not rest my mind." Luo Menglan rolled her eyes and spoke slowly, her voice filled with unusually tyrannical fluctuations and stubbornness.

Xiao Gui's arrest had a lot to do with him. If it wasn't for him being married and having a private life with Xiao Gui, Ling Yu knew about it, so he was provoked like this. After all, the affair between Luo Menglan and Ling Yu, However, the Lord of Soul Li gave the marriage in person, and now the marriage has not been resolved, the two of them actually did such a ridiculous scene without authorization, which made Ling Yu furious, so Ling Yu's actions were in a favorable position no matter what.

"This matter can't be made clear, it can only be discussed from a long-term perspective. After all, this matter is based on emotion and reason, and Ling Yu is on the side of reason." After a while, the old ghost of Earth Spirit shook his head.

"But with Ling Yu's character, Xiao Gui might be better off dead now..." Hearing the analysis of the two elders, Luo Menglan couldn't help but feel a burst of heartache.

"For now, we can only wait for Xiao Yan to leave the customs, communicate with him, and then..." In an instant, before the voice of the old earth spirit fell, he suddenly saw a cloud of fire surging in the distance, and he was actually heading towards He walked towards Qingyun Pavilion, and the vague figure above the fire cloud was clearly Xiao Yan!