Chapter Vol 4 1439: The Lord of Soul Eater is out!

"Gululu!" The pink beam is like a punishment from the gods, and it contains vast evil power. Wherever it goes, no grass grows, and even countless space vortices appear slightly.

"Fortunately, it's fine." Looking at the sudden appearance of the sinner, he used great means to take away the demon of light safely, and even the pink light beam completely blasted into the air, turning into gorgeous fireworks and exploding in the sky, the evil Xiao Yan and Heisha. Both the dragon and the wolf let out a heavy sigh of relief.

As long as the Demon of Light is all right, then the two of them will naturally be at ease, and if this matter is known to the Demon Emperor in the future, and Xiao Yan helps protect the Demon of Light like this, the Demon Emperor's relationship with the Xiao family will become stronger.

"Master Xiao Yan, Master Hao Ni'er, thank you very much." Looking at the two who were now close to exhaustion, Heishan Longlang said warmly.

"It's too early to say thank you." Evil Xiao Yan shook his head.

Even though the dark cloak floated behind him, a wave of power continued to pour out, trying to increase Xiao Yan's power to half a cycle, but unfortunately he was unable to do so.

The two Eight-Star Fighting Immortals are complete, and they can't cause any obstacles to the real reincarnation powerhouse.

"This bastard!" Seeing that the Seventh Sin Division actually rescued the Demon of Light right under his own nose, the corners of Lord Li's eyes twitched violently.

I am disappointed in reincarnation, and the strength of the Seventh Sin Division is too weak, I am afraid that I have not set foot in the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, this kind of guy can be rescued by the demon of light in such a situation, and the violent aura in the main body of the soul is like a demon for a time. Usually slowly wake up, release, killing intent is awe-inspiring.

"Let's all stay, and turn them into my nourishment." After a while, the Lord of Soul Li stood on the top of the desert, looking down at these countless cracks, the broken area where the vortex of space continued to emerge, and smiled evilly.

With a big wave of his hand, a black qi that shatters and destroys is like a king of **** who controls life and death. Wherever he passes, the Holy Spirit of countless powers does not struggle at all, and is swallowed up by it in an instant and turned into dust.

"Is it over like this... I'm not reconciled." Xiao Yan, who was temporarily hidden in the sea of ​​fighting qi, nodded slightly, and a burst of relief emerged.

In the current situation, I am afraid that only by completely detonating the holy flame can we have the last chance to resolve it. Although that price is not something Xiao Yan can bear, but now, there is no choice.

"Let's go!" At this moment, Hao Ni'er finally no longer hesitated, her fingers surging rapidly, but the evil rune in her hand flashed, and the superpowers that were comparable to reincarnation also spread out.

"Senior Sister!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan's pupils became red and he lost his voice!

This senior sister, actually forcibly burned her own vitality, drawing out the full power of the Soul Devouring Talisman, trying to compete with the Master of Li Soul!

"The queen is not allowed!"

"No way..." For a while, the many elites under the protective cover directly broke away from the protective cover and came behind Hao Ni'er.

"Needless to say, there is only this way now." Hao Ni'er did not stop changing the handprints in her hands, and every time she changed, her body became somewhat illusory!

Burning vitality, at the price of life and soul, and the supreme **** in exchange for enormous power.

"It's really righteous, but I won't give you this chance!"

"Death to this seat!" Seeing this, Lord Li Hun shook his palms, and for a while, Hao Ni'er's body was empty, all collapsed, and even an unprecedented pressure pressed on his delicate body, causing him to be under great pressure. increase!

"Senior sister!" Xiao Yan forcibly held back the scarlet in his heart, seeing Hao Ni'er's delicate body being suppressed and compressed, his heart was extremely angry.

"Senior!" Xiao Yan roared.

"Yep."

"do not forget."

"And me." A dull voice fell, and the evil Xiao Yan's body trembled immediately, and the dark cloak behind his back actually burned slowly. The power that was faintly revealed was the same as that of the Lord of Souls!

"Go!"

"Defense cover!" Seeing the two of them working so hard, the other powerhouses were also nervous, and they tried their best to display it, forming hundreds of extremely tyrannical defense covers around everyone!

"Burning vitality?"

"Burning Samsara?"

"Hahaha!"

"You have forgotten that there are ants under reincarnation."

"This battle will be completely over with your fall." The Lord of Li Soul was filled with a **** aura, and immediately raised his palm slightly and patted it towards the void where Hao Ni'er and the others were.

The palm was gently raised and photographed. It seemed like a simple action, but a **** palm print with a size of tens of thousands of meters was born. The palm print was filled with extremely terrifying blood and ghostly aura. Lightly touching the protective cover that everyone exerted with all their strength, the protective cover was instantly shattered!

With just such a random blow, it turned out to destroy the protective cover that all the powerhouses had exerted with all their strength. The powerhouses present were extremely heavy, and the power of reincarnation was too tyrannical. Rin, a sense of awe, filled his heart.

Their appearance can give up their lives, why can't they?

For a time, everyone's hearts were relieved, their bodies were surging, and the dazzling power was surging!

Blow up!

So many powerhouses blew themselves up, such scenes are appalling!

"Crack!" With a random finger at Zaidu, Hao Ni'er and the evil Xiao Yan's bodies were suddenly knocked back hundreds of meters by a strange force, and even their actions of burning life and burning reincarnation, It was also completely cut off by the attack of the Lord of Li Soul.

"It's over." Zaidu smiled lightly, and immediately the sea of ​​blood rolled around Lord Li's body, like a supreme demon, smiling.

In an instant, the wind was surging, and under Li Hunzhi's initiative to use the real power of reincarnation, so many strong people were actually so vulnerable.

"Little Junior Brother, promise me that you will protect the Soul Eater Realm and the teacher's hard work." Hao Ni'er seemed to have expected this scene long ago, and Hao Ni'er smiled lightly.

"Not good!" The evil Xiao Yan had just recovered, but found that Hao Ni'er's delicate body was being lifted into the sky, and the Soul Eater Talisman was about to be crushed by him!

"No way!" Xiao Yan's pupils burst red, and he roared away, trying to stop him, but he was stopped by a strange space force!

"Crush the Soul Eater Talisman?" Upon seeing this, Lord Li Soul a chilling aura pervaded the air.

Soul Eater Talisman and Holy Flame will not be spared by the Master of Li Soul.

Immediately, he raised his finger and lightly touched Hao Ni'er's place, and suddenly countless voids collapsed suddenly, and an evil light that penetrated the sky and the earth burst out.

"Two little guys, hard work."

"Next... Leave it to me." And just when everyone's nose was sore, they were all trying to blew themselves up and die together with the Lord of Li Soul, a gentle voice that was enough to make the world quiet, slowly echoed in the entire sky!

"Old... teacher." Hearing this gentle voice, Hao Ni'er was like a lost flower and a willow. The soul-devouring talisman fell off and flew towards the mysterious figure, and her delicate body was like a piece of fluff, slowly from the sky fall off.

Xiao Yan was in control of his body and directly caught Hao Ni'er, but found that her body was extremely cold, and in exchange for such tyrannical power, what Yan endured was probably a torture that was different from ordinary people!

At this moment, a powerful aura that dominates the world, like a sleeping giant dragon, slowly emerged, and for a while, a black-shirted man gently appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the two.

Beneath this weak and thin shadow, there is the supreme power between heaven and earth, like a master, like a king!

In order to obliterate Hao Ni'er's evil light, the Lord of Li Soul collapsed suddenly when he touched the whole body of the black-shirted man, and was swallowed by him in an instant!