Chapter Vol 4 1006: arrived in time

"Senior Brother, we are now..." At this time, in a huge halo enchantment, the seven people in the Heavenly Palace were sitting on the ground this time, with their palms and fingers connected to their hearts, and all seven people looked like this.

"Seventh brother, don't talk." The leading senior brother Mu Tianyuan said with his weak soul power.

"I'm sorry, Senior Brother, it's us who dragged you down." After seeing this scene, the other six said weakly.

"Hahaha."

"They're all my own brothers, why are you being so polite?" Mu Tianyuan laughed, quite free and easy.

"If I hadn't insisted on hunting that monster, I'm afraid we wouldn't have been found by the Xuanling royal family for three days, and we wouldn't have ended up where we are now." Among the seven, the only woman, Luan Yu, had a rather weak voice. Said slightly crying.

"Five sisters, don't talk about such a foreign thing."

"Since the seven of us became the seven people in the Fenxiang Pavilion Heavenly Hall, we were destined to be a whole."

"And that magic core is also very important to you. Although we are in a bad situation right now, it would be a great thing to be able to heal your injuries." Seventh Senior Brother Duan Yu said with a smile.

"Seventh brother is right, so don't feel guilty." Mu Tianyuan smiled.

"However, the Xuanling royal family has four congregations, and now there are only three congregations left, which is really pleasing." Duan Yuzaidu said.

"I'm afraid this is what Xiao Yan did." At this time, the second senior brother Yuan Lan also suddenly laughed.

"But we still underestimate the Xuanling royal family."

"Although I don't want to admit it, I'm afraid even I can't beat Tiangan's strength..." Mu Tianyuan said helplessly.

"This time, we were not prepared, and we were attacked by the Xuanling Royal Family's Second Heaven and Three Days, and we ended up being so seriously injured. Otherwise, just these two people, together with the strength of the seven of us, would be enough to kill them. "Second Senior Brother Yuan Lan Zaidu said.

"Okay, let's just say a few words less, let's maintain this formation and recover some power, that is, we will compete with the two heavenly congregations of the Xuanling royal family!" Mu Tianyuan said slowly, and then the light The curtain barrier became brighter, and then a trace of pure power continued to nourish the seven people, so that the power in the seven people's bodies slowly recovered.

"Second brother, what should I do now?" Outside the light curtain barrier, Tianhong Tianhong asked for three days.

"Big brother has now gone to the land of holy flames, and the powerhouses of other super sects should also go to that place one after another."

"Although we followed the instructions of the elder brother and found the seven people in the Temple of Heaven, and severely injured them when they killed the beasts when they were weak, but now their strength is slowly recovering."

"If it goes on like this, I'm afraid that the seven people will still be a bit tricky for us." Tianhong Tianzhong said.

"Then let's do it."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This light curtain barrier is originally a roll of formation, although the strength is high, but with the cooperation of the two of us, it will not last long." Er Tianzhong said slowly, and then looked fiercely at the mountain in front of him. Seven people sitting on the ground in the hill.

"Qi Haoqing, the three of us shot together!" After a short while, the two days of Tiancang looked vigilant, and then shouted loudly.

"Yes!"

"Okay!" Both of them agreed unanimously.

"Do it!" Ertian Zhongtian Cang said, and then the dazzling Dou Qi all over his body burst out directly towards the light curtain barrier, but in that Dou Qi, not only the dazzling white life force, but even a trace of it. Silk black power, that power, is the power of death.

"Boom boom boom!" Qi Haoqing and San Sanzhong both had their bodies soaring in strength, and at the same time attacked the light curtain barrier, and the terrifying power turned into ripples on the invisible light curtain barrier. Obviously, the light curtain barrier Under this level of attack, the world may not last long.

"It seems that they still can't help themselves." Just when Tian Cang and the other three started, the senior brother Mu Tianyuan, who had always closed his eyes, slowly released his palm and stood up.

With his perception, he can know that among the three, the most dangerous is the sky in the past two days. This guy has half footed into the level of the eight-star fighting emperor, and has even been born with the power of death. , As for the other two, whether it was Tian Hong or Qi Haoqing, Mu Tianyuan didn't take it seriously.

"Eldest brother!" Seeing that the elder brother directly released his palm, the six people next to him all opened their eyes and asked urgently.

"You guys hurry up and recover your fighting spirit."

"This formation can restore a lot of fighting spirit, I'm going to meet them." Mu Tianyuan said slowly.

When the other six heard the words, they wanted to say something just now, but they saw Mu Tianyuan get up straight away, and then abruptly left the light curtain barrier.

"Hey, Mu Tianyuan, are you in such a hurry to come out and die?" And just after seeing Mu Tianyuan leaving the light curtain barrier, the three of them immediately stopped, and then Tianhong said with a dangerous smile for three days. .

"It's just a defeated general." Mu Tianyuan forcibly supported the injury in his body, and said to Tianhong, today's Mu Tianyuan, when he entered the blood river, his strength has not fully recovered, and later in order to help Luan Yu kill the monster, It consumed a lot of power, and then was injured by Er Tianzhong's shot, so the power in the body is probably only half of his peak period.

"Mu Tianyuan, the events of the previous sect competition are still vivid in my mind, I hope this time..." And just when Tianhong and Mu Tianyuan were talking, the two days of Zhong Tiancang suddenly laughed.

"Miscellaneous!" After Tian Cang said this, a scarlet killing intent emerged from Mu Tianyuan's pupils!

In the previous sect competition, their Fenxiang Pavilion was annihilated except for the seven people in their current Heavenly Palace, and even the most outstanding disciple of the Fenxiang Pavilion in the past century, Yin Tong also fell Die! "As soon as the words fell, Mu Tianyuan's figure skyrocketed, and the dazzling power of life emerged, directly transforming into a ferocious roaring beast, blasting away at the sky.

"Nice power, unfortunately..."

"You are not my opponent now!" Tian Cang looked at Mu Tianyuan, who was a little rude, with a slight smile on the corner of his mouth, and then an extremely evil aura slowly entangled out of his body.

"This is……"

"The power of the alien race?"

When this power just appeared, Mu Tianyuan's shocking killing intent was also suddenly suppressed, and a wave of fear poured into his heart.

"bingo."

"Didn't your Burning Incense Pavilion always have an inexorable grievance with our Xuanling royal family? And you also have a lot of suspicions about our Xuanling royal family?"

"Mu Tianyuan, die." With the appearance of this evil aura, Tiancang's overall strength suddenly rioted, and then said.

As soon as Tian Cang finished speaking, his fingers, which were surrounded by evil black energy, gently lifted up, and an evil wave containing the breath of death slowly appeared.

"Let's die." He said slightly, and then a sky-shattering evil beam of light suddenly emerged from Tiancang's fingers and shot towards Mu Tianyuan.

"Those who dare to hurt my Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Death." However, just when a trace of fear appeared in Mu Tianyuan's pupils and just wanted to escape, a pure and incomparable flame of flame suddenly appeared, and then a man with a heavy ruler on his back suddenly pointed at the evil finger.