Chapter Vol 4 1369: Enter the Thunder Pond!

"This is……"

"Mingling Lei Jiao?"

"It is said that this guy is the mount of the first generation of forging knife Thunder Valley, but after the first generation valley owner was injured, there has been no trace of it. It turned out to be in the thunder tomb." As the evil fluctuations disappeared, the people below suddenly looked in front of them. The long-bodied Jiaolong on the water couldn't help but be surprised.

This guy is not a soul body, and a real soul beast, whose strength is comparable to that of a human being at the level of a four-star fighting immortal.

"I have set up a special energy barrier here. If you have the ability to enter the Thunder Pond, it can be regarded as some rewards for this competition." After the Mingling Lei Jiao finished speaking, the milky white thunder flowed on his body, and then turned into a loving grandfather.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" After things calmed down, Yun Qi also whispered to Xiao Yan's side and asked with concern.

"Are you the guy who wiped out the illusion pupil?"

"The mere two-star fighting immortal middle stage, coupled with the power of Sheng Yan, can actually obliterate the illusion pupil of the three-star fighting immortal early stage. It is really a talented person from Jiangshan." The old man Mingling Lei Jiao laughed.

"What do you say, senior, I'm just a fluke."

"If it wasn't for the senior's shot just now, I'm afraid we would all be doomed." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Okay, let's not talk politely."

"As for the way to break the game you want to know, I can show you the way, but if you want to know, then show your strength."

"When you arrive at Lei Chi, I will naturally tell you that I am waiting for you in Lei Chi." After Mingling Lei Jiao finished speaking, he took Yun Qi, Liu Qing and Du Qifei's three daughters, and suddenly disappeared here.

"..." With this sudden scene, the scene also returned to calm.

"What a weird old man." Some figures couldn't help but look at each other, this guy just helped them, but now he is embarrassing them, it is really elusive.

"Let's take a rest first, and when everyone's strength is almost restored, they will enter the Thunder Pond." Xiao Yan was not worried, and directly replied to his fighting spirit.

At the bottom of the lake, on a rock outside the Thunder Pond.

"Grandpa Lei Jiao..." Duo Qifei's three daughters slowly stood on the rock, and then looked at the sky, where there was an extremely illusory space, in the space, a stream of gray thunder continued to flow, in the gray When the thunder flowed, even a trace of the power of the world continued to permeate.

"Gu Master, is he okay..." Mingling Lei Jiao smiled slightly when he saw this. After all, the first generation of Thunder Valley forged the knife was Du Tianhong, so the relationship between the two was extremely friendly.

"Father is all right. When I arranged for Grandpa Lei Jiao to enter Lei's tomb, it was also for you to recover from your injuries. I hope you don't blame your father." Duo Qifei said.

At the beginning, Duo Tianhong relied on his own strength to add the mount Mingling Lei Jiao to completely obliterate the Burning Soul Clan, but it also paid a great price. The evil clan's restriction caused the strength to stagnate.

"I definitely won't blame the owner of the valley... I just don't know how the owner's injury has been after so many years..." Mingling Lei Jiao couldn't help but said.

"Don't worry about my father's injury..." Du Qifei smiled.

"The Burning Soul Clan and the Youhuan Clan have a good relationship. They are ranked in the middle of the extraterritorial evil clan, so now I am afraid it is the powerhouse of the Youhuan Clan who has come to avenge the Burning Soul Clan." The next moment, Ming Ling Lei Jiao said slightly.

"And the three of you, there is some mysterious aura in your body, which is enough to resist the evil race from outside the territory..." The old man said in the mouth.

"What about Xiao Yan, he has holy flames in his body, isn't he dealing with evil races outside the realm..." The next moment, Liu Qing couldn't help but said.

"There is a mystery in the Thunder Pond. Since he is the master of the holy flame, it depends on his own fortune. If he can obtain the great fortune in the depths of the Thunder Pond, I am afraid it will be of great help to his strength enhancement."

"That's the way he should go, I can't help him." The old man shook his head helplessly.

"Okay, the three of you have also entered the Thunder Pond. The energy there is enough to make your strength reach a higher level."

"After the Thunder Pond is over, I will immediately set off for the forbidden area." Mingling Lei Jiao said, and he didn't give the three girls any chance to react. .

"Now that you're ready, let's go." Above the lake in the Lei Ling Mountains, Xiao Yan also said when he saw that the aura of the strong men around him had almost recovered.

"Let's go." Everyone nodded, and then sank directly into the lake.

"Weng Om!" The lake was crystal clear, but when they entered the lake, they found that the lake was bottomless, and the further down they went, the more tyrannical the power of cold and thunder became.

"Here... it's so weird." Mu Ge, who was on the side, said first, even with his strength, he couldn't help but be shocked.

"The guardian has already brought Qi Fei and the others into the Thunder Pond, so we just need to find the entrance of the Thunder Pond and enter it." Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling soul power permeated out, and after a while, he was aware of the underground water. A hidden place.

"Below." With a soft call, the speed immediately skyrocketed, and he went towards the bottom.

"Hey!" As soon as they arrived at the bottom of the lake, a milky white light curtain appeared in everyone's sight, but at this time, there were circles of gray thunder around the light curtain, protecting it tightly, through the gray Thunder, actually made many strong people present feel a sense of fear, obviously this power of thunder is definitely not a simple thing.

"Can it be broken..." Mu Ge asked Xiao Yan.

"I'm afraid not. This thunder doesn't look like a guardian, it's a bit like a guard. I'm afraid that only through its approval can one enter it." The huge soul power allows Xiao Yan to discover some things that others can't detect.

"Go!" The next moment Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the dazzling attack was about to be unleashed.

"Weng buzzing!" When the circle of gray thunders saw this, countless tiny thunders scattered abruptly, and they were possessed by everyone.

"Ahhh!"

"It hurts!" And as the gray thunder poured into everyone's body, there were bursts of heart-piercing screams that kept ringing!

"This guy!" Xiao Yan's scalp was numb at this time, and a shock appeared. This gray thunder seemed to be filled with extremely tyrannical destructive power.

"Holy Flame, devour me!" Xiao Yan held his head with both heads in pain, and then shouted loudly. At that time, the gray thunderbolt was directly swallowed by the holy flame. Then, a burst of light burst out from the light curtain, covering Xiao Yan's body. Get up, and then disappear here.

Obviously, the power of this gray thunder is the test of entering the thunder pool, and only the strong who can withstand it have the qualifications to enter.

Mobile version update fastest URL: