Chapter 659: 4 teams assembled

"Captain, do you think they will come?"

"Will we do this..." A swarthy woman in the women's team said at the entrance of the three major mountain ranges.

"I think they have to come even if they know it's a conspiracy."

"After all, time is waiting for no one. The ground team has already entered the Five Elements Mountain Range. If they wait, I am afraid that the five elements of the beast's mission will be taken first by them..." Ling Yun looked into the distance, and seemed to see some slight fluctuations from a distance. .

"But the time of the other three teams is not easy to provoke. Even if the five of us join forces, they cannot be their opponents." The dark woman worried.

"Don't worry, with Guanglu's arrogant temperament, he will definitely not cooperate with Xiao Yan and the others, but the first group of named disciples and Xiao Yan and the others may join forces. I'm afraid we will have to rely on the Dawning team..." Ling Yun After speaking, a sinister smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, as if some schemes had already been brewing in his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"For the next time, just wait slowly." After Ling Yun finished speaking, he closed his eyes and rested.

Seeing this, the other members of the women's team calmed down slightly.

"Captain, is this the end of Luoling Mountain?" Li Ji opened her mouth slightly and said to their weakest captain.

When Zi Lian heard the words, her brows twitched: "It is said that there are three major mountain ranges in the center of Luoling Mountain, and there are three kings living in the mountains. It seems that this rumor is indeed true."

"But if you want to enter these three mountains, I'm afraid there are only three wooden plaques."

After Zi Lian finished speaking, she glanced at her team and shook her head.

Because with Zi Lian's own intuition, he vaguely discovered that the fork entrances of these three major mountain ranges exuded extremely terrifying fluctuations.

"Let's go, we'll have to deal with it sooner or later."

"But it's all thanks to you to be able to get here." Li Zi patted Zi Lian's shoulder and smiled.

The five members of this team of named disciples already know that they deserve to be in the top five, and they will give people the face of the head of the palace, but if they want to compete among these five teams, I am afraid it is not realistic.

"Who is it!" The five Zilian had just arrived at the intersection of the three major mountain ranges, when they suddenly noticed a slight noise coming from the towering trees and bushes beside them.

"Haha, I didn't expect your team to be so weak and still alive today." A wild voice slowly emanated from a tree branch.

Zi Lian was the first to look up, and saw an extremely hot woman standing on the branch of the tree, her whole body flashing with majestic strength, which shocked people.

"Women's team captain Ling Yun?" Li Ji exclaimed, and his heart became heavy immediately.

Although I knew for a long time that this women's team was very strong, but today, when I faced it, I really discovered the unfathomable strength of Lingyun.

"I expected you to come, but I didn't expect you to be the first team to arrive. It seems that you want to be eliminated early." The dark woman beside Ling Yun appeared slowly, and then a fierce The breath slowly appeared.

"Damn, the strength of this women's team is really terrifying." Seeing this, Zi Lian could not help but grit his teeth slightly. Obviously, these two people alone made their entire team feel a strong pressure!

"You don't need to do anything, I'm enough alone." Ling Yun immediately said when he saw that his partner was showing signs of taking action.

"Captain, what should I do now?" Li Ji, who was beside Zi Lian, said, with a strong will to fight.

Beside these people, under a tall and hidden tree, the Dawn Team slowly appeared.

"Captain, this women's team is really tyrannical, especially this Lingyun." Qianzhang said slightly fiery.

Although this Lingyun is a woman, her own strength has reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. She is so powerful that Qianzhang does not dare to underestimate it. After all, Qianzhang is extremely crazy about fighting.

"This Lingyun, even me, is quite difficult to deal with." Anli on the side said slightly.

Don't look at Anli's strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, but it is very obvious who is stronger and who is weaker when fighting against Ling Yun.

"It seems that the team formed by the named disciples in this man's hall can't change the situation of failure."

"After all, although the team formed by the disciples of the Hall of Human Beings has two six-star Dou Di in the early stage, it cannot change the situation of failure." Guanglu Wei said, obviously with Guanglu's six-star Dou Di's consummate strength, he could see Ling Yun at a glance. intention.

Attempting to destroy the team of named disciples in this man's hall with one's own power, causing the team in this man's hall to suffer a blow!

"Looks like there's a good show to watch." Tan Shaoyang didn't care. After all, Tan Shaoyang and Ling Yun didn't have a deep relationship, so he was watching the fun.

So at this time, Ling Yun in the women's team and the entire team of named disciples were fighting with each other. As for Xiao Yan's team, they were still on their way.

"Susu..."

"The fluctuation of this flame seems a bit strange. No wonder it was able to kill the twin ghost emperors." Where Xiao Yan fought with Guanglu before, the flames still remained on the ground, and then a figure wrapped in ghostly energy slowly appeared. .

This person is Yinmu, and he is the ghost world powerhouse sent by the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor to kill Xiao Yan!

The strength has also reached the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"Looking at the fluctuations, I shouldn't have gone far." Yinmu said to himself, his voice was extremely eerie and eerie, but the gloomy smiles under the ghostly aura were particularly eerie.

"Xiao Yan, walk slowly." Behind Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying spoke slightly.

As soon as Mu Yingying opened her mouth, the three people around her stopped and looked at them at the same time What? "Xiao Yan was stopped by the sudden call, and then looked at Mu Yingying and said.

"I always feel that there are some terrifying things in these three mountain ranges, but I can't tell the specific feeling." Mu Yingying looked at the three towering mountain ranges in the sky and said.

"And I also found out that the dead beasts here don't seem to have magic cores, which is not normal." Mu Yingying opened her mouth.

"Well?" After Mu Yingying said this, Xiao Yan was surprised at Mu Yingying for a long time. After all, there is no magic core in this dead beast, but Xiao Yan finally found out, why is this Mu Yingying? It's so easy to know.

"How do you know?" Xiao Yan also asked in surprise.

"I found it when I went out to investigate occasionally." Mu Yingying spoke directly without any hesitation.

"This is indeed a troublesome matter, but I think it seems to be related to some secrets in these three major mountain ranges." Xiao Yan also said.

"Secret?" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, Mu Feng and the three immediately showed strong interest at the same time.

"I don't know the specifics, but this space in Luoling Mountain is left over from the battle between Ghost Realm and Xuantian Santian. I think it has a lot of secrets." Xiao Yan explained.

"Forget it, let's ignore these things for now, let's get the third wooden sign and enter the three major mountain ranges."

The last four remaining teams are about to converge!

Ask for tickets!