Chapter Vol 4 1763: The messenger of Tianxing Continent!

As time passes, it will be October.

In October, the Xuanling Continent was in an orderly manner with its original order, and even because of the news of the establishment of the Endless Fire Territory, many troublemakers came here one after another, but these guys are all nameless. The younger generation was directly suppressed by Cailin for a while, and the fame of Endless Fire Territory also spread slightly.

In the Endless Fire Territory, countless forces were integrated and divided by their integration at a time. Among them, the Medicine Hall, which is responsible for refining medicine pills, and the casting warehouse, which is responsible for forging weapons, and many other detailed departments work together, making the entire force a leader. Presented in a thriving state.

It is also in the manor on the top of the mountain of Xuanling Mountain, in the pond in the back garden.

"When you retreated this time, these things happened in the Endless Fire Territory..." Cailin and Mu Yingying sat quietly in it, Xiao Yan's figure also appeared on the pond pavilion, Cailin quietly for several months The major events that have happened since then explained to Xiao Yan one by one.

"It seems that the Endless Fire Territory still has a long way to go." Xiao Yan handed over all the refining pills to Cailin for distribution, and immediately muttered.

Xiao Yan knew about Cailin's methods, and she was quite authoritative in the first place. It would be better for her to come forward in many matters. Now, with Cailin explaining the current situation of the Endless Fire Territory to Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan Yan analyzed.

"Regarding the secrets of the Xiao Clan, I am afraid that only the core circle of Dou Di Sifang Continent and Douyun Continent can detect some clues." Seeing Xiao Yan's expression of hesitating to speak, Cai Lin's eyes also flickered, and the eyes appeared. A touch of worry.

Compared with the Xuanling Continent, Douyun Continent is undoubtedly much more tyrannical. Although it is not as strong as Li Soul Realm, it is also a place where talents gather. Even if there is Endless Fire Realm as the back, it is still not enough.

"Don't worry, leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan comforted.

"What are you going to do next?" Seeing Xiao Yan as if he had already made up his mind, Cai Lin asked.

"I want to go to the appointment, the one-hundred-year appointment... The forces behind the Xiao clan guardian should know a lot." Looking at the quiet Mu Yingying and Cailin, Xiao Yan said.

"I think it's too early for this." Cai Lin heard the words, but shook her head undeniably. Xiao Yan naturally did not hide the two of them about such a thing as a one-hundred-year appointment.

"What do you say?" Xiao Yan also calmed down and listened carefully, because Xiao Yan always felt that going to the appointment at this time seemed to have a lot of concerns.

"There are four continents in Doudi Continent, and Xuanling Continent is only at the bottom of the ranking. Although sometimes it can squeeze into the top three, it is also the last existence in the ranking. Whether it is strength or resources, it is quite scarce."

"And the destination of your 100-year contract, according to the information I have obtained, I am afraid it is still related to Douyun Continent."

"Douyun Continent is full of geniuses, and even the seven ancient clans stand. If there is not enough power and strength to support, I am afraid..."

"After all, you can't just think about yourself..." Cai Lin said rather gently, and her voice turned out to be tender at the end. Obviously, the last words were for their daughters.

"Then what do you say... what should I do now?" Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard it. Now that the 100-year appointment is in front of the demon world, it is naturally difficult to choose.

"On a mission to Tianxing Continent... There is just a holy flame there, an immortal flame, and with the immortal fire in your body, I am afraid there will be some incredible scenes."

"And if our Endless Fire Territory can nibble away or get the support of the two continents, Tianxing Continent and Haohai Continent, even if we face the top forces of Douyun Continent, we still have a certain strength." Cailin said slowly.

"Tianxing Continent... Forgetting the End of the World... Immortal Emperor Immortal Flame..." Xiao Yan nodded lightly and immediately thought in his heart.

"In the days when you were gone, wouldn't you think that the entire Xuanling Continent could be so prosperous just by relying on me?"

"Among them, the help of Tianxing Continent is indispensable, and they have supported us in terms of resources and force, so this Tianxing Continent, you have to go to Tianxing Continent."

"After all, it seems that there are some grand events in the Star Continent today." Cai Lin said.

"So that's the case." Xiao Yan said with relief, no wonder some of the Immortal Fighting Powerhouses here have a vaguely unfamiliar aura. It turned out that they were sent by the Tianxing Continent, but they were able to send so many powerhouses and give them a lot. resources, which is enough to explain the fertility of the Tianxing Continent.

"Then let's go to Tianxing Continent first... But it seems that our Xuanling Continent and Tianxing Continent don't have any deep friendship. Why are they doing this?" Xiao Yan asked as if he had thought of something.

"Fenxiang Pavilion, Qinxin, do you still remember?" Cailin said lightly.

"Remember, a very powerful woman." Xiao Yan nodded.

"She is a member of the royal family of Tianxing Continent..." Cailin said lightly.

"I see." Xiao Yan felt relieved upon hearing this.

"As for the specific situation, we'll talk about it after tomorrow's Star Continent arrives." After a while, seeing Xiao Yan's relieved expression, Cai Lin also pretended to be mysterious.

"Okay." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Unknowingly, it's almost dusk, the two ladies should rest early." Xiao Yan said with a smile after finishing speaking.

"Cough cough..." After talking about the business, Mu Yingying and Cai Lin looked at each other and quickly fled here, leaving no chance for Xiao Yan, only Xiao Yan who was standing there staring blankly.

"It's sleeping in the woodshed again..." Xiao Yan said with a black line on his head was speechless all night, and the next day.

On this day, the entire Xuanling Mountain was filled with an extremely quiet aura, as if it was welcoming some character.

Hundreds of stone steps at the foot of Xuanling Mountain.

"My lord, the Mountain of Mysterious Spirit is here, and Queen Medusa is standing in the manor on the top of the mountain. Do you need to invite someone to report it?" At this time, six strong men surrounded a handsome man riding a white horse. Respect Road.

The white horse man has a rather classical elegance, as if he is not a resident of the Xuanling Continent, and even the words and words displayed between his gestures and gestures are like a real politician!

"No need, let's go up, just to see and appreciate the scenery of Xuanling Mountain. After all, it is completely different from our Tianxing Continent. It is also very good to experience more exotic customs." The handsome man dismounted, waved his hands, and looked at Looking at this rather majestic and huge mountain range, I immediately walked towards the steps.

"By the way, give me some respect. Don't forget the purpose of our trip. If anyone messes up our purpose, don't blame this king for turning his face!" For a while, the handsome man turned his head slowly and instructed a few people behind him. , the sound is like a surging river, shaking everyone's heart, and this kind of strength, vaguely, has reached the four-star fighting fairy?

Tianxing Continent sent a four-star fighting immortal powerhouse to lead the team, and they did not know why they came to Xuanling Continent.