Chapter Vol 4 1324: The conversation between Xiao Yan and the owner of the valley!

"Fifth brother?"

"Is there anything else?" Just after stepping out of the knife forging hall, he saw Du Tianfeng beside him, so Du Tianhong walked over and asked.

"Big brother, you came just in time. I have some personal things I want to tell you." Duan Tianfeng looked around and saw that there was no one around, and just whispered.

"Why are you being so cautious?" Duan Tianhong couldn't help laughing.

There is no doubt that this Du Tianfeng is also among the suspects, but at the meeting just now, the quarrel between him and Du Shi undoubtedly proved the authenticity of their identities, so Du Tianhong naturally felt relieved.

"Big brother, it doesn't seem normal for us to forge Leigu recently." Du Tianfeng wrapped the two figures with a dazzling fighting spirit, and then said in this special space.

"You guy, when did you become so sharp? It's not like you." Duan Tianhong said with a smile. In the past, Duan Tian had a carefree temperament and was never so cautious.

"Don't worry, I will naturally handle the matter of forging the Thunder Valley." Duan Tianhong said, looking at the naive Duan Tianfeng.

"Hey, eldest brother, the Thunder Valley is in your hands, so we can rest assured."

"However, there are not a few people who know about the dark disease in your body. Your strength is inherently tyrannical. Although I can't solve the current predicament of the sword-forging Thunder Valley, I have found someone who can solve the dark disease in your body!" Tianfeng said excitedly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Could it be... Sacred Flame?" At this moment, even the Valley Master Duo Tianhong, who had been calm, couldn't help but burst into tears.

"Yes."

"Among the contestants this time, there is one contestant who has a holy flame."

"And he is the guy who wanted to be wiped out by the powerhouses of the Soul Clan!" Duan Tianfeng said impassively.

"So that's what it is!" Duan Tianhong couldn't help laughing when he heard this.

"Fifth brother, remember, you must not let the third person know about this matter." Duan Tianhong said solemnly.

"Brother, I know about this." Duan Tianfeng said with a grin.

"It's not too late, I'll take my eldest brother to find him immediately." After Duan Tianfeng finished speaking, the two of them, wearing a black robe, silently disappeared inside the Forge Blade Thunder Valley, heading towards the Thunder Realm. .

"Why do you have a bad premonition right now?" At this time, Xiao Yan had already sorted out the information and was resting in his own house, but he felt uncomfortable and sat up immediately.

"Gulu gulu!" Just as Xiao Yan sat up, silent silver thunders, like the dark night, instantly completely enveloped Xiao Yan's house.

"Four-star fighting immortal powerhouse?" Xiao Yan was still at a loss, suddenly a strong sense of crisis poured out of his body, and even his own holy flame heart beat fast.

"Xiao Yan, didn't disturb your rest so late?" Just when Xiao Yan was about to use all his powers to escape, Duan Tianfeng's familiar voice slowly emerged from the silver thunder.

"Third Master, are you trying to scare people to death in the middle of the night?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan said depressedly.

"No, there is a more powerful aura?" Du Tianfeng just appeared, and suddenly there was a more powerful aura hidden in the silver thunder.

"Hehe, a very sharp little guy." In the next moment, a black-robed figure slowly emerged.

Beside Duan Tianfeng, a middle-aged man was wearing a black robe, and inside the black robe, a terrifying aura that made Xiao Yan's breathing quicker slowly filled out.

"introduce."

"This is the master of the holy flame, Xiao Yan, who is also a contestant in this Eastern Continent Competition." Duan Tianfeng introduced to the man in black.

"And this one is the Valley Master of our Blade Forging Thunder Valley." At the next moment, Du Tianfeng Zaidu introduced Xiao Yan.

"what?"

"The Valley Master of the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives?"

"Five Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his face was unquestionable. Obviously, Xiao Yan had heard of the illustrious name of the Thunder Valley Master.

"Little guy, don't be afraid."

"This time I'm looking for you, firstly because I have something to ask you, and secondly, I'm asking you for something unkind." The man in black robe slowly took off his black robe, revealing his face.

"Sisi." Seeing Duan Tianhong's true face, Xiao Yan couldn't help but become heavier.

"There is something unclean in my body, I wonder if you have a solution, little guy?" Duan Tianhong said after walking a few steps.

"Senior's body... seems to have an evil aura..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and the soul power gathered towards him, and after a while, he noticed that a rather tyrannical evil force emerged in Duan Tianhong's body.

"This power is a bit like the taste of a foreign evil race." The next moment, Xiao Yan said at Du Zai.

"Good guy, he really deserves to be the master of Saint Flame." Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the two strong men also laughed.

"Sisi."

"This guy is a strong man among the foreign evil races."

"In the beginning, I used the power of one person to obliterate their entire evil clan, but in the end, I couldn't obliterate the king of the evil clan, so I could only suppress it in my body, so I wanted to use my own strength and the passage of time to assimilate it... …”

"But after so many years, not only has this king not been wiped out, but even my power has been slowly eroded by him." Duo Tianhong said helplessly. Scarlet bloodstains slowly appeared on his chest.

Above the bloodstain, it was extremely red, faintly revealing a terrifying evil aura, squirming like a worm.

"What an evil power..." Xiao Yan looked at the shocking bloodstain and couldn't help but a trace of heaviness appeared on his brows, and a khaki flame slowly spread out.

"The fire is khaki-yellow, as thick as a rock..."

"It really is Holy Flame, Fire Heart Tianyan!" Duan Tianhong felt Xiao Yan's terrifying fluctuations and couldn't help being overjoyed.

"Buzzing!" As soon as Xiao Yan's Christmas flame appeared, the entire space became quiet, and even Du Tianhong's blood stains faintly exuded a touch of unease.

"This guy's name is Xie Mo, and he is the king of the Burning Soul Clan among the evil tribes outside the realm. His peak strength is comparable to that of a human being with a four-star Dou Xian perfection. Whether it is his personal strength or the strength of the evil clan, It’s enough to be ranked in the middle reaches of the evil races outside the realm.” Watching Xiao Yan carefully examining his bloodstains, Duan Tianhong forcibly endured the pain and explained.

"This guy's current strength is already vaguely about to break through the Five Star Fighting Immortal."

"I need to prepare some medicinal pills and cooperate with Holy Flame before I can be sure to expel them." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"Okay, little guy, I'll be waiting for you at the Thunder Valley Treasure Pavilion." Duan Tianhong slowly put on his armor after hearing this, and smiled.

"Don't worry, I won't give up on this number one." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"There is one more thing. Recently, there has been a lot of turmoil in the Thunder Valley. I would like to ask Xiao Yan to try to protect the little girl."

"This is my own request, and it can also be regarded as doing my part for the entire Great Thousand World." Finally, when the two figures disappeared, Du Tianhong's helplessness was left in the space.