Chapter Vol 4 1346: award!

"Humph." When he noticed that Lei He suddenly appeared, and the power of the soul spread out, the two of them stopped immediately, and Yun Qijiao let out a snarl.

However, Yun Qi himself did not expect that Xiao Yan's soul power is weaker than himself, and his control over his soul power is not as good as himself, but his analysis of the battle pattern and his grasp of fighting opportunities are too arrogant than himself. many.

Otherwise, Xiao Yan would have been defeated long ago if he had just used many means.

"Many thanks, senior." Seeing Lei He coming to the rescue, Xiao Yan felt a little more comfortable in his heart.

Because Xiao Yan knew that if he continued to fight like this, he was afraid that he would gradually become weak and completely lose to Yun Qi. After all, Yun Qi's use of soul power could be said to have reached a very high level.

"It's alright, alright, you two go to rest aside." Lei He, who came to the arena, exuded a touch of gentle soul power to nourish the two, and then spoke.

Xiao Yan and Yun Qi looked at each other, then each left the arena and returned to the rest area.

"Top 1 to 5 have been created. Next, you will compete for the top 5 to 10." The next moment, Lei He Zaidu said.

When the people present heard the words, they also became hot. The soul power of these people did not reach the fairyland, and naturally they would not be like a monster like Yun Qi.

In the second stage of the competition, it took ten days from the beginning to the end, and the top five to ten were also produced one after another.

"This second stage of the competition has ended perfectly."

"Congratulations to the eleven of you for successfully obtaining the opportunity to participate in the Four Continents Competition." In ten days, the top ten successfully competed. Except for Xiao Yan and Yun Qi, who tied for the first place, everything else got a good ranking.

"The competition is over, the top three are staying, and the others can go back."

"It won't be long before the third stage of the competition will be fully opened. This third stage is said to be a gift for you, and it can also be said to be an experience." Lei He pretended to be mysterious.

"God nagging." Although Du Qifei said she was the daughter of the Valley Master, she didn't know what the game was, so she couldn't help complaining at the corner of her mouth.

"Hey, the owner of the valley has an order, so Du Qifei will also go together." As soon as the voice fell, a tyrannical soul wave emerged from Lei He, and then he directly wrapped a total of five people including himself, and disappeared in an instant. here.

"..." In the arena, there are also special personnel in charge, so nothing happened.

"I've seen Elder Lei He." Lei He took the group directly to a quite hidden place in the Thunder Realm, and then several powerful guards seemed to be waiting here, respectfully.

"The two of them are the second and third. You can take them down to receive the reward."

"The three of you, come with me." He directly handed Huafei and the two to the guards, and then Lei He took Yun Qi, Xiao Yan and Du Qifei towards the deeper part of the forest.

"Where is this place..." Xiao Yan asked slowly out of intuition, because this forest was filled with a strong sense of danger, which made Xiao Yan have to pay attention.

"Don't worry, this is the location of our sword-forging Thunder Valley in the Thunder Realm."

"The rewards for the first two of you were originally prepared, but you were helpless, so you must get the rewards again."

"It's in front." Lei He smiled.

"Gulugulu!" Just as the few people spoke, a hidden cave in front of the forest slowly appeared.

"Is there an enchantment?" Seeing Lei He motionless outside the cave, Xiao Yan wondered.

"Of course, this is the place where we store some treasures in the Thunder Valley. The defensive barrier is naturally extremely tyrannical." Du Qifei said with a smile.

"You guys wait here for a while." Lei He just finished speaking, and suddenly his figure turned into a stream of light and poured into it.

As Lei He disappeared, Xiao Yan, a man and two women were immediately left waiting outside the cave. The atmosphere was extremely quiet and slightly embarrassing.

"Your soul power is good, and you are a member of our Alchemist Association. If you have any questions about your soul power, you can ask me." After some weighing, Yun Qi was the first to break the calm and said.

"Oh?" Hearing Yun Qi's words, Du Qifei's face showed a shocked look!

Duo Qifei knew that this Yun Qi was so arrogant on weekdays that he didn't pay any attention to ordinary people of the heavens, and it would be difficult for her to take a look at her, and she would never expect to do this to Xiao Yan.

"Miss Yunqi is very polite." Xiao Yan smiled politely, but he was also a little surprised. At least after the battle just now, the originally hostile relationship between the two seemed to have eased.

But what Xiao Yan didn't know was that Xiao Yan's soul attack just now gave Yun Qi a very shocking feeling, because Yun Qi always felt that the attacking soul skills were too tasteless and useless at all. As long as the defense was strong enough, any Powerful attacking soul skills are useless, but Xiao Yan's attack just now almost made Yun Qi make a fool of himself, so Yun Qi's attitude towards Xiao Yan has also quietly changed.

"Pfft." After a while, Lei He's figure was squirming, and the light curtain closed.

"This is the reward for the two of you, choose one?" Lei He just appeared, and he immediately had two golden scrolls of fighting skills in his hand, wrapped by an extremely tyrannical soul force.

"You come first." Yun Qi said without taking the lead.

"Hehe, little guy, choose the one on the right, it's a good thing." Just when Xiao Yan was a little hesitant, the voice of the Soul Eater slowly sounded.

"I choose this." Hearing this, Xiao Yan said without hesitation, pointing to the scroll on the right.

"No, keep it."

"Wait for you to go back and open it again." Lei He handed the two scrolls into the hands of Xiao Yan and Yun Qi and said.

"Thank you senior, since if nothing happens, junior will retire first." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"You two, go back."

"Take a good rest, the next third stage will be a good training ground." Lei He smiled.

"Crash!" The two nodded slightly, then walked towards their residence.

"Cough cough..."

"Fei'er, where else do you want to go?" The next moment, Lei He's voice was suddenly full of sternness.

"I... I don't want to go back." Du Qifei frowned, and said with some resistance, because of his special status, every time he escaped, he would be captured by the strong sword-forging Thunder Valley.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Who said I came to catch you back?"

"The owner of the valley said, let me give me a good special training. In the third stage, if we lose the name of the young master of our sword-forging Thunder Valley, there will be punishment." Lei He smiled slowly.

"Really... that's great!" Du Qifei nodded happily upon hearing this.