Chapter Vol 4 1262: impossible things!

"Damn..." Seeing that the Yin Protector was completely transformed into ripples of energy, completely dissipating in the Holy Flame space, Xiao Yan's fist couldn't help clenching tightly.

The words of the yin protector just now undoubtedly prove that their soul clan and Dou Qi continent have many origins, and I am afraid they know a lot of information, but in the end, when Xiao Yan mobilized his soul power to probe his memory, he was attacked by his soul.

The ratio of the strength of the soul attack is probably as terrifying as the Lord of Soul Eater, and if the Lord of Soul Eater hadn't shot in time in the end, I'm afraid Xiao Yan's situation would be in jeopardy.

"Just now..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say with the complete fall of the Yin Protector.

"The hall master of the soul clan, or the soul power arranged by the clan head of the soul clan, is to prevent the memory from being read by outsiders." The master of the soul eater did not hide too much. After all, Xiao Yan's strength has grown too fast, and some things are also Let him know.

"The patriarch of the soul clan and the hall master?" Xiao Yan was slightly puzzled when he heard this.

"The Soul Clan and the Soul Palace were originally a force, and the main activity area of ​​the Soul Clan was the Human World."

"And the Soul Palace is more like a Soul Clan force composed of Soul Clan elites, specializing in some shady deeds." The Soul Eater said.

"So that's the case... It's very similar to the one on the Dou Qi Continent." Xiao Yan nodded.

"You have to be careful. Although the soul power just now was erased by me, your identity will probably be noticed by the soul clan powerhouses. Although among them, the top powerhouses are bound by secret forces and cannot take action, but there are still Many strong men can threaten you." The Lord of Soul Eater warned.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"By the way, Master, how are the Soul Clan and Soul Palace in the Great Thousand World?" Xiao Yan asked as if he had remembered something.

"The base camp of the Soul Clan should be on the Tianxing Continent in the Sifang Continent of Dou Di. Where are the eight ancient clans except the Xiao clan..."

"I don't know the news about the Soul Clan, but the power of this Soul Temple is spread throughout the Great Thousand Worlds, and in the Seven Realms, there are their minions everywhere."

"And I always feel that this force seems to be collecting not only the power of soul, but also the power of faith." The Lord of Soul Eater said solemnly.

"The power of belief?" Xiao Yan heard the words, slightly puzzled.

"Don't say it's you, even when I was at my peak, there was still some distance."

"But I'm not afraid to tell you, it is said that the power of faith is the key to becoming a god. As for the secret, I'm afraid no one knows it." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"However, your Xiao clan is really talented. I remember that in the previous war between heaven and earth, some of your Xiao clan reached the God of Fighting!"

"And after the World War, the disappearance of the Xiao clan is probably related to the fighting gods in your clan. After all, in the great world, there are many guys who are trapped in the bottleneck of fighting immortals. "The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"It seems that I have to work hard to improve my strength." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, he knew that after all, he had to solve these things himself, who made him carry the blood of the Xiao family.

"Let's go, go out first."

"Without the hindrance of the Guardian of the Shadows, it would be a matter of time for those guys to fail." The Soul Eater said at Zaidu.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, but Xiao Yan found that his fighting qi, which was nearly exhausted, had actually recovered as much as 70% with the help of Soul Eater!

You must know that Xiao Yan and Soul Eater have different attributes, so they can restore 70% of their fighting qi, which makes Xiao Yan look forward to Soul Eater even more.

"Damn... If we go on like this, we will definitely lose..." Yu Tianyue and his party slowly fought with the people from Kuye Zhai, but as time went by, the tyranny of the three-star fighting immortals was also reflected.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang bang bang!" A tyrannical attack poured out, and suddenly those two-star fighting spirits were almost exhausted of fighting qi, floating in the void, without any trace of fighting qi, they had reached the point where the lamp was exhausted.

"Damn...Sect Master!" Seeing this, Rain Screen couldn't help frowning.

The two of them could stop Ye Ku and Ye Shuang, but Ye Yunqing's three-star battle of immortals was the key to deciding the outcome.

"Old Man Yu... It's time to end!" And the next moment, Ye Ku saw this, and he didn't hold back, and broke out a tyrannical attack!

Yu Tianyue's strength is a little stronger than himself, but at this time Yu Tianyue was distracted, worried about Xiao Yan, and worried about the safety of the strong people in his sect, so under Ye Ku's tyrannical attack, he fell faintly. downwind.

"Sect Master, be careful!" Yu Mu couldn't help looking at the distracted Sect Master and roared.

Once Yu Tianyue is defeated, I am afraid that all of them will die here.

"Give me death." In Ye Ku's hands, a tyrannical destructive vindictive energy roared away directly at Yu Tianyue, but Yu Tianyue didn't notice it for a while because he was distracted.

"Bang bang bang!" But just when Ye Ku felt that the victory was in his hands, a vague figure directly blocked Ye Ku's attack and came to Yu Tianyue.

"Sect Master Yu, it's a big taboo for you to be distracted in battle like this." After the afterglow of the battle dissipated, a middle-aged man's hearty laughter sounded slowly.

"Yanya, let's take action together and kill these people as soon as possible..."

"We have to rescue Xiao Yan, otherwise if something happens to him, none of us will be able to escape!" Yu Tianyue said solemnly.

"Okay." Yan Ya heard the words, nodded suddenly, and then the bright breath suddenly spread!

In the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, Yanya!

This guy is the rescue soldier invited by Yu Tianyue, Yan Ya, the city lord in Yancheng not far from them, his strength has reached the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, and he is an ally of Yuzong.

"Damn..." Seeing Yuzong's sudden help, Ye Ku frowned.

A mid-three-star fighting immortal, but enough to change the key to the entire battle.

"Go all out, as long as we entangle them and wait for the yin protector to obliterate that kid, we will still have a chance!" At this point, Ye Kuye could only grit his teeth and persevere.

"Yes!" Ye Shuang and Ye Yunqing nodded suddenly upon hearing this, and dazzling attacks burst forth.

"Brother Yanya, go and deal with Ye Yunqing, then hurry up and enter that space, otherwise..." Yu Tianyue wrapped Ye Ku directly and said.

"Okay!" Yanya heard the words glanced at a looming space in the void. This space is the traces left by Xiao Yan and the Yin Protector who entered the holy flame space. They Samsung Douxian was able to find a trail and enter it.

"Crash!" When the two forces were evenly matched, a dazzling holy flame erupted from the holy flame space, and then swept the entire formation space in an instant, and at the entrance of the holy flame space, A vague figure is about to emerge.

"That's great, it must be the yin protector!"

"It seems that your Yuzong will definitely lose today!"

"Hahaha!" Ye Ku noticed this scene and couldn't help laughing.

In the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, the three-star Dou Xian was successfully dealt with, not to mention a guy with a fighting spirit and holy flame, even if it is a real evildoer, in the hands of the soul clan, it is like an ant.

"Sect Master!" With this sudden fluctuation, the two forces stopped, because the figure walking out of the holy flame space will undoubtedly determine the key to this battle.

"That is……"

"Xiao Yan?" As the flames gradually calmed down, a lazy young man slowly entered everyone's sight!

"How could it be possible..." And looking at Xiao Yan who came out of the Holy Flame Space intact, Ye Ku's face was extremely ugly.

Until now, he didn't know that this time, their Dry Leaves Zhai was completely loaded!

And the target of this set is unexpectedly a hairy boy in the early stage of two-star fighting immortals!