Chapter Vol 4 1245: Desperate 5 Elders

"Third Young Master, are you alright?" This sudden scene made the others in Kuyezhai not react. When they reacted, in this dark space, Xiao Yan's whole body had been given the power of his soul. The embellishment was extraordinarily bright, and they saw that Ye Sheng was lying on the ground with a rather painful appearance.

"Five elders, kill this guy for me!" Ye Sheng was hit by Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul attack, and he was directly injured. This made Ye Sheng seem to be going crazy.

Xiao Yan's soul attack was inherently tyrannical, not to mention that Xiao Yan's soul power had already reached the fairyland at this time, and the soul attack he issued was enough to easily obliterate some ordinary powerhouses.

"It seems that the soul attack can kill the powerhouses in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian. It's still too reluctant to kill the powerhouses in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, and then went directly to Yu Ran Ran and the others. Fire-red flames illuminate the interior.

"Captain Yufeng, this is the detoxification pill. I'll share it with everyone." The next moment, Yuwei took out a few pills from the ring and handed them to Yufeng.

"Okay." Yufeng didn't hesitate, just reached out to take it, and then distributed it to everyone.

"Five elders, this guy is very strong." Yu Ran Ran had just swallowed the antidote, and suddenly felt that the toxins in her body were slowly weakening, but with the help of a woman's intuition, she said to Xiao Yan in front of her.

"He's very strong, and he killed Deacon Ye with one move." Yu Wei whispered.

"En." Hearing this, Yu Ran Ran naturally knew her sister's character, she was pure and flawless and would not take too much into consideration, but Yu Ran Ran herself knew that the soul attack of Xiao Yan just now seriously injured Ye Sheng in an instant. , this means, this Xiao Yan is also an extremely dangerous character.

"Little bastard!" After a while, the fifth elder gave Ye Sheng a brief treatment of the injury, and then stared at Xiao Yan fiercely.

"Little bastard, it's so ruthless as soon as you shoot it!"

"Attack someone else's soul and cause damage to the foundation, just use your life to pay for it!" The fifth elder shouted loudly, and then his body vibrated violently.

"Fire attribute?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but laugh when he saw the fighting spirit emerging from the body of the five elders.

Ye Sheng's strength may be regarded as just entering the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian. But the five elders in front of him are genuine two-star fighting immortal late stage, and even reached the peak of two-star fighting immortal late stage, just one step away is enough to step into two-star fighting fairy consummation, this kind of powerhouse is for the current Xiao Yan. , still a little tricky.

However, if the attribute of the five elders is the fire attribute, the threat will be greatly reduced. After all, Xiao Yan himself devoured the strange fire and the holy flame, and his body had already produced a lot of antibodies to the flame. You can't hurt yourself.

"Be careful, Your Excellency. This guy is the fifth elder of Kuye Zhai. Although both of them are in the late stage of Two-Star Dou Xian, their strength is much more tyrannical than Ye Sheng." Yu Ran Ran couldn't help but instructed.

"You can rest in peace, leave it to me." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Little bastard, accept your life!" The fifth elder did not give Xiao Yan any chance. A dazzling attack suddenly brewed in his hand, and then a flaming spear slowly appeared in his hand.

"With fire condensate, this guy also has a deep understanding of the use of fire attributes." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then the dazzling fire attribute also permeated the Yihuo Eternal Ancient Ruler, and then faced the Fifth Elder seriously.

"Are you also a fire attribute?" The fifth elder was just about to attack, but found a fiery red fire attribute fighting qi on Xiao Yan's body. I don't know why, this fiery red fire attribute fighting qi actually made his own fighting qi slightly fear. , and even issued a burst of fear.

"Be quiet for me." The fifth elder shouted loudly, and then his figure was as fast as a ghost, holding a spear in his hand, and assassinating Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan was also full of tyrannical oppression when facing the fifth elders. This oppression came from the suppression of his own strength in the later stage of the two-star fighting immortals.

"Chuck!" The sound of metal collisions slowly filled the space. The battle between Xiao Yan and the five elders was inextricable for a while.

"This little beast can actually deal with the attack of the Fifth Elder so calmly." Ye Sheng, whose foundation was severely damaged, was in extreme pain at this time, and couldn't help but muttered.

"Sister, the two of them, who will win?" Yu Wei asked, apparently seeing the intractable battle between Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"No...I don't know..." But Yu Ranran was at a loss at this time, because with her tyrannical strength, she could vaguely sense that the battle between Xiao Yan and the fifth elder seemed to be a one-sided massacre !

In other words, the current Xiao Yan is just defensive, not attacking. On the other hand, the Fifth Elder, all kinds of tyrannical attacks are emerging one after another, but they are still blocked by Xiao Yan.

"This guy, it's not easy." Yu Ran Ran murmured a little, and then she was no longer distracted. She had the medicinal power of antidote, and with her own catalysis, it would undoubtedly be able to eliminate toxins faster, and she recovered with peace of mind. own grudge.

"Old guy, you've been playing for so long, how cool is it?" The battle lasted almost ten minutes, during which Xiao Yan was passively defending and didn't make a move. The reason for this was that Xiao Yan wanted to adapt to his 2-star Dou Xian as soon as possible. initial strength.

"You monster!" The fifth elder couldn't help but let out a foul language.

Is this Xiao Yan a monster? He is a powerhouse in the late two-star Dou Xian stage, but no matter how tyrannical the attack hits Xiao Yan, it is like playing a family, and even Xiao Yan's fur can't be hurt.

However, the fifth elders did not know that because Xiao Yan devoured many different fires and holy flames, the kind of crisis he faced when he devoured life was worse than ~ makes Xiao Yan more and more resistant to fire attributes. .

It can be said unceremoniously that facing a fire-type powerhouse, not to mention that Xiao Yan is only in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian, and even facing the initial stage of three-star Dou Xian is nothing to be afraid of.

And if the Fifth Elder's Dou Qi attribute is replaced by other, the strength of the two-star Dou Xian in the later stage will undoubtedly pose a stronger threat to Xiao Yan, but unfortunately, he is a fire.

"It's over with one blow." Xiao Yan seemed to have adapted to some of the power in his body, and then the ancient ruler of different fires shone brightly, and an even more terrifying power of flames instantly entangled up.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How is that possible!" The fifth elder couldn't help but lose his voice when he saw the tyrannical power of flame in Xiao Yan's hands.

If it is said that his fire attribute fighting immortal power is one, then the power of fighting immortals displayed by Xiao Yan at this time may have reached three times his own, or even stronger!

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Seven feet out, kill it for me!" Xiao Yan's mouth curled into a dangerous arc, and then he raised the ancient ruler of different fires high, and seven tyrannical flames suddenly attacked the fifth elder!

The power of the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler may not be strong, but the most deadly thing is Xiao Yan's fire attribute!

Seeing this, the fifth elder couldn't help but use all his powers!

Because he knew that Xiao Yan's fire attribute was much more tyrannical than his own, and if he couldn't hold the seven flames, he would probably fall to the ground!

End of this chapter