Chapter Vol 2 710: The past of Tiandi 2 Lao and Reimu! (1st anniversary of writing the book)

Xiao Yan and the other two teams entered the cultivation cave for a few days.

On the fifth day, most of the time, in the highest-standard conference room of Fenxiang Pavilion, it was not open. It was only opened when there was a crisis or important event. At this time, it was already full of people.

The leader was Xiao Yan's master, Zhu Jin.

Zhu Jin sat in the first place with a heavy face, without any other emotions.

As for Zhu Jin, lined up in turn, are Qinglao, the deputy head of the Heavenly Palace, Lingmengsheng, the head of the Earth Palace, Xiong Yuan, the deputy head of the Earth Palace, and Mu Xuzi, the deputy head of the People's Palace. Chang Yu.

"This meeting seems to be a little urgent, what happened?" Seeing that everyone was ready, Chang Yu opened his mouth slightly, because the atmosphere here was so quiet that it made one shudder.

"Wait, there are two more." Following Chang Yu's voice, Zhu Jin also spoke softly.

"En." When Chang Yu heard the words, there was no other voice.

After all, Chang Yu is mainly in charge of the outer cabinet, so he is not very clear about the affairs in the cabinet.

"Hehe, Old Man Zhu, now you know us?" After a while, a slightly dissatisfied voice came from the crack of the door.

When everyone heard the words, they looked up and saw that the two men, a man and a woman, were obviously of some age. Obviously, it would not be an exaggeration to use the wind and the waning years.

"Tian Lao, Di Lao, why are you here..." Just after seeing these two voices, Qing Lao suddenly cried out in his heart, it was broken.

The two elders in this world are a husband and wife. They have lived in their burning incense pavilion for many years. Every time the sect is in difficulty, they will spare no effort to take action. However, these two have a deep relationship with Zhu Lao.

Qing Lao remembered that when Zhu Jin was young, he had been relying on his name as the No. 1 Dou Formation Master in Xuantian Santian to travel across nearly half of the Dou Di Continent. During his travels, he also offended the two old people in Heaven and Earth because of some misunderstandings.

However, after so many years, the misunderstanding at the beginning seems to have not been resolved, resulting in the current relationship between the three of them.

"Xiao Qing'er, you don't need to worry about this matter, it's a matter between us and him." The old man said with a hint of anger.

The two elders of heaven and earth are older than the elder Qing regardless of their strength or age, so it is not surprising to be called Xiao Qing'er.

"Okay, everyone has arrived, let's start." Seeing the two of them coming, Zhu Jin suddenly got up slightly and said to the people.

At this time, the Heavenly Palace, the Earth Palace and the Human Palace have gathered here. Adding the two, I am afraid this can be regarded as the middle force of the Burning Incense Pavilion!

"Zhu Jin, what did the old man ask you?"

"Don't think about fooling me!"

"Tell me clearly what happened back then!" Tian Lao is the man among the two elders of heaven and earth, and he is also the most powerful. As for the specific strength, even the deputy hall master of the Tiandian Temple is not very clear, but he only remembers this. The strength of the two elders of heaven and earth has already entered the Jiuxing Jiuzhuan Doudi for many years.

"Old man, let's put our personal affairs aside for now. There should be some big business in this meeting. We'll talk about our affairs later." The old woman said slowly to Tian Lao.

"Humph!" Tian Lao heard the words, snorted coldly, and sat down immediately. As for Di Lao, he continued to stay with Tian Lao.

"I already said that it was a misunderstanding when you were there. You have been holding on to me for so many years. If you are not tired, I will be tired." Zhu Jin's eyes were filled with a hint of helplessness, and she shook her head at the two elders of heaven and earth.

He knew that if the matter was not made clear today, I am afraid that these two would not take action. If Yan Chi Ruoshan was rescued by two nine-star Dou Emperor-level powerhouses, the odds of winning would undoubtedly be much lower.

"You fart!"

"It was you back then..."

"If you hadn't trapped us with the strength of the Dou Formation Master, would our two daughters be lost?"

"The two of us have only had such a daughter in our lives, and now it's been more than 30 years since we lost it. I don't know if she is still in the world."

"You old man, I will never let you go in my life!" When Tian Lao heard this, he suddenly burst into foul language.

"I pay attention to your affairs. If I find it, I will notify you as soon as possible."

"But that's not what this meeting was held today!" The next moment, Elder Zhu suddenly burst out with aura!

The words have already come to this point, and there is no point in talking about it.

"Half...half immortal..." Tianlao was a little angry at first, but when Zhu Lao released his power, Tian Lao also became serious.

It's really not Zhu Jin's fault that happened back then, but the pain of losing her daughter can't be easily resolved.

"Sit down, let's get down to business." Seeing that the mood of the two elders in heaven and earth had stabilized, Zhu Jin opened his mouth slightly.

"Everyone here today is the high-level executives of the Fenxiang Pavilion, so I will not gossip."

"The purpose of this meeting is for Yan Chi." Zhu Jin's soft voice was like magic, shaking everyone's heart.

"His grandma's!"

"It should have been done a long time ago!" After hearing the words, the Hall Master of the Earth Palace suddenly stood up and burst out in foul language.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The reason why the Hall Master of the Earth Palace said this is unspeakable.

Back then, when the Lord of the Earth Palace was a cabinet disciple of the Burning Incense Pavilion, he met his lover, Xuan Muqing, and thus rubbed the spark of love, and gave birth to a daughter named Lingtong. .

After a few years, I gave birth to a daughter, but this time, when I gave birth to my second daughter, I happened to meet Lingmengsheng going out, so I didn't come back, but at that time, I gave birth and happened to be in Xuanling City. , according to what Lingmengsheng learned later, after his lover gave birth to two daughters, Lingxuan, he died of exhaustion. Even when Lingmengsheng came back, his bones were cold, and Lingmengsheng still didn't believe it!

But after that Ling Mengsheng discovered that the reason why his lover died because of exhaustion of productivity must have a great relationship with the people of the Xuanling royal family, so for so many years, Ling Mengsheng has been enduring , If it wasn't for his two daughters, he would have gone to the Xuanling royal family to ask for an explanation.

"Mengsheng, pay attention to your emotions. We also thought it was very strange at the beginning, but after all, in Xuanling City, we know very little, so..." Tian Lao on the side saw Ling Mengsheng's emotions. Out of control, a gentle force of life and death immediately swept away.

"Thank you, Tian Lao." Reimengsheng heard the words, and the violent emotions in his body suddenly became quiet.

"You still need to take a long-term view on this matter."

"But I believe that Mrs. Ling will definitely stay in this world." The old man also comforted.

"I hope." When Reimu heard this, he was also looking forward to it.

Because of Reimu Sheng's knowledge of his lover, it seemed that the corpse was not his lover's, so after so many years, Reimu Sheng still refused to give up.

"Mengsheng, you are very strange. When we rescue Yanchi this time, our entire Burning Incense Pavilion will help you find it!" Seeing this, Zhu Jin also said.

"Next, let's get down to business."

"What do you guys think about saving Yanchi?" After Zhu Jin finished speaking, he looked at the senior executives present.

Ask for tickets!

Five more today!

The first chapter of this book was published on 26/10/2017, and today is also the first anniversary