Chapter 466: 10 The inheritance of the color swallowing python!

As for Cailin, her face was calm, but in those beautiful eyes, she slowly stared at the ten-colored swallowing python with a gigantic body!

Although the ten-colored swallowing python did not release its own breath, an invisible pressure still suppressed Cailin, but it was not as strong as the nine-colored swallowing python.

Although that little energy snake possesses the legendary power of the ten-colored sky-swallowing python, but for some reason, it has little effect on the color scale.

"Yep?"

"Or what?" The next moment, Cailin's pupils suddenly became shocked!

Then the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python shone with ten-color power!

The moment the power of ten colors appeared, this space collapsed instantly!

"Give me a condensate!" The mysterious woman snorted slightly, and this space was stabilized.

"Boom boom boom!" The ten-colored sky swallowing python burst out with aura, and then the monstrous ten-color power continuously gathered from the body to a light spot in front of him!

Immediately after the ten-colored sky swallowing python's huge ten-color power, the thing in the light spot seemed to be slowly taking shape...

Cai Lin slowly moved her gaze upward.

Suspended in the air was a drop of blood-red blood that was extremely demonic.

The blood-red blood slowly lay flat in the void, and a power that trembled for the world instantly radiated from it!

At the moment when this demonic blood-red blood appeared, whether it was Cailin or the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python who had already bowed down to his knees, the blood in his body instantly boiled, and then he was suddenly shocked!

"This is... ten colors swallowing the blood of the python?" Cailin's throat couldn't help rolling and jotting down, and then Bei's lips were a little dry.

"Time is running out, and I won't talk nonsense with you!"

"I spent tens of thousands of years on your Doudi Continent, and I met no less than hundreds of people with Medusa blood, but most of them only had Medusa blood, or some ancient serpent's impure blood. Power……"

"You are the first woman I have met who has evolved into a nine-colored swallowing python and has the status of the Medusa royal family by relying on her own strength!"

"I hope that this time I will entrust these things to you, and I will get some rewards in the future." There is something unpredictable in the mysterious woman's voice, and there is also a trace of sadness in her eyes, all of which are caught in Cailin's eyes.

"What you see in front of you is the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python. If you absorb this drop of blood, you will evolve into the legendary Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python."

"As for the nine-colored swallowing python that follows you, you cannot directly swallow the blood of the ten-colored swallowing python, otherwise it will explode and die. The best way is for her to swallow the energy of the ten-colored swallowing python. little snake."

"As for the achievements of the two of you in the future... I don't dare to judge." Qianzhang Shicai Tiantian Python said slightly.

"I wonder if the two seniors have something unspeakable?" Although Cai Lin was extremely jealous of the blood essence of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python in front of her, she, who has always been careful, seemed to find out when the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python was talking to the mysterious woman. got some clues.

"Hehe, she's really a clever woman." Shicai Tiantian Python swallowed a snake letter and said.

"It was discovered by you little guy." The mysterious woman released.

"Senior, feel free to speak." Cai Tun said respectfully.

After all, no matter what, I and the mysterious woman in front of me with the power of the colorful swallowing python are of the same race, not to mention the blood essence of the colorful swallowing python and the energy snake, the value of which is immeasurable. , so the color scale was exported.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The Tiantian Python clan has been the leader in the world since ancient times."

"As for one to ten colors, every evolution requires extremely terrifying blood or some strange energy."

"The peak one can cultivate is the One Star Fighting Immortal. When you reach the peak of the One Star Fighting Immortal, no matter how talented you are, you can't get any better. The way to solve this bottleneck is to evolve your bloodline. …”

"With Shicai, you will be able to break through the Dou Xian, enter the Dou God, and step into the supreme realm!"

"This is the horror of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!" An extremely proud breath emerged from the eyes of the mysterious woman.

"However, having a strong strength will attract the sanctions of heaven and earth and the jealousy of some people, so the number of our swallowing pythons is very small..."

"Not to mention the nine-colored sky-swallowing pythons, there are even very few seven-colored sky-swallowing pythons."

"I remember that thousands of years ago, the Lord of the Demon Realm, for some unknown reason, led the entire Demon Realm powerhouse to attack our Heaven-Swallowing Python clan. In which battle, our Heaven-Swallowing Python suffered heavy casualties, and then the Lord of the Demon World took our body directly It was transported back and imprisoned in the center of the demon world, which seems to be used for..."

"Our current state is also a part of the power that escaped by chance... If you want to recover my family of swallowing pythons, you must go to the center of the demon world!"

"My dignified and colorful body of swallowing python can't allow the master of the demon world to be so blasphemous!" A terrifying aura instantly emerged from the mysterious woman.

"Although this road is not easy, but... to recover the Tiantian Python clan, leave it to me." Cailin said slightly.

As Cailin's words fell, the three people in the space all gave him unusual eyes.

Since the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python is the companion spirit snake of Cailin, it is very clear about Cailin's character, but it is clear that Cailin's determination can be made to make such a decision.

"Why are you staring at me?"

"Since these two seniors have given me such a big gift, then I can't be a white-eyed wolf. After all, he doesn't always say that no merit is not rewarded..." Cai Lin said slightly, and then in his mind, an indomitable expression appeared. The figure of a man with a heavy ruler on his back slowly emerged.

Cai Lin has enough confidence that after he absorbs the blood essence of the ten-color swallowing python this time, his strength will increase by leaps and bounds!

On the Dou Qi Continent, Cailin was very dissatisfied because she couldn't help Xiao Yan and could only be a good wife and mother at home, because the identity of the Medusa royal family that came from the depths of her soul made Cailin a little proud!

"But you have to remember that if you are not at the level of five-star fighting immortals, don't go to the demon world easily. The relationship among the seven worlds is inherently complicated..."

"As long as our bodies are freed, we can also be reborn by some means in an instant... At that time, the demon world, our new hatred and old hatred will be counted together!" The mysterious woman snorted coldly!

"En!" At this time, the four people in the space seemed to have reached a certain consensus, and then smiled at each other.

"Start absorbing, it should take a long time." The mysterious woman said slightly.

The next moment, the ten-colored swallowing python directly turned into a meteor, and then went madly towards the nine-colored swallowing python!

With the influx of these ten-colored energy snakes, the nine-colored swallowing python found that his breath and even his soul were constantly changing!

Once it is completely integrated, then the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python can also leap over the Dragon Gate and become the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python beast!

"Since that's the case, I can't take it lightly." Having glanced at Xiao Jiu, who had already begun to absorb and fuse, Cai Lin slightly held the ten-color swallowing python's blood in his hand, and then murmured, "Xiao Yan, your life is a matter of course. The king's!"

"Whether it's Dou Qi Continent or Dou Di Continent!"

It's just that Cailin didn't notice the light from the Soul Jade she carried with her at this time!

It looks like this It is astonishing that Xiao Yan is nearby!

After Cailin finished speaking, she instantly absorbed the blood of the Ten-color Swallowing Python.

In the mysterious space at this time, two huge snake shadows and two human female figures slowly stand up.

The souls of Cailin and Jiucai swallowing python are slowly improving their fighting qi strength.

"I don't know if I can break through Dou Xian with this blood essence..."

"I remember that among the Medusa clan of Xuantian Santian, there has never been a snake man fighting immortals... let alone a snake man with the identity of the royal family of Medusa." The mysterious woman said slightly.

"Queen, it's time for us to go, we have to find other clansmen scattered all over the place." The ten-colored swallowing python on the side said respectfully.

"Well, let's go."

"I hope my entrustment this time... will be successful."

"Master of the demon world, I don't know why you attacked our swallowing python clan in the first place, but the feud of extermination of the clan is undeniable!" After the mysterious woman finished speaking, the power of the surrounding space emerged, and then the space wriggled, and the ten-color swallowing sky beside her The python instantly disappeared into this space.

With the disappearance of one person and one beast, this space is returning to calm.

Ask for tickets!

Here I have finally explained the color scale. Although I am not satisfied with what I wrote, my outline is basically like this, so if you have any opinions, please say it in the comment area, and I will improve the bad points!

thank you all!

Love you guys!