Chapter Vol 4 2086: The gathering of medicinal materials, the attempt of holy pills! ...

"That's... holy energy?" Xiao Yan was entrenched on the bottom of the sea, still a few dozen meters away from the mud below, but the soul force had already sensed the treasure contained in it.

"I didn't expect it to be holy!"

"In addition to the volume of quasi-sacred-rank eighth-grade medicinal prescriptions in my hand, it seems that this medicinal clan ceremony is really a blessing to me!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised.

The quasi-sacred rank eighth-grade prescription can be regarded as a sacred-rank medicinal pill at best, but it is only an entry-level, and it is not even a sacred-rank eighth-rank Xuan rank.

Holy Qi, something that is necessary for refining holy medicine pills, is that there are places where the energy of the world is abundant, like a mass of spiritual liquid, either liquid, or mist and gas.

Immortal-level pills are quite mysterious, and they are already indistinguishable from humans, but holy-level pills are different, because holy-level pills have reached the realm of Tongxuan, and holy-level pills are born with wisdom that is not weaker than human beings As well as the strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, if there is no uniform to obliterate the wisdom after the successful refining, I am afraid it will cause a lot of trouble.

Therefore, the holy spirit came into being.

The existence of holy qi is a key step in the fusion of holy-order pills into pills and collection of pills.

Because the holy pill is too mysterious, it must be poured with holy energy, thus forming a shackle between the pill and the alchemist, thus greatly improving the chance of successful refining of the holy pill.

It can be said unceremoniously that a medicinal pill with holy qi involved in refining and one without holy qi refining are two completely different medicinal pills.

"With it, I can attack the holy rank eighth-grade Xuan rank pill without hesitation." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes were filled with ecstasy. With the protection of the flame barrier, his figure flashed away towards the mud below.

"Sisi!" A cold feeling swept out from the outside in, and actually invaded Xiao Yan's skin through the holy flame barrier.

"Fortunately, it has the protection of the power of half-dragon transforming Baxia. Baxia is the peak power of the water system. This kind of power is a piece of cake for it." Xiao Yan shook his head and smiled, but if there is no Baxia's power, I am afraid that Xiao's trip will not be so easy.

"Crack!" With a sound of thunder, Xiao Yan jumped into the mud and immediately covered all the mud with holy flames, and then suddenly fled from the place.

"Weng Om Om!" The silt was almost several meters in size. Xiao Yan had just held it in his palm, and suddenly a terrifying whistling erupted. All the silt turned into a pile of black turbid water, as if something terrifying was about to be born.

"Don't waste your time, spit out the holy energy for me!" Xiao Yan knew that this mass of silt had spirituality, and there was a weak gap at the bottom of the Linghai Sea. The silt creatures continued to absorb countless powers, even Xiao Yan was afraid after a while. So directly uproot it and force the Dao.

"Pfft!" Xiao Yan controlled the power-absorbing gap, and in addition to Xiao Yan's tyrannical power, the silt reluctantly pushed out a wisp of yellow gas.

"It really is holy energy!" The yellow gas was like layers of hazy and mysterious mist, Xiao Yan carefully placed three high-quality jade bottles, and immediately clapped his hands and laughed.

"If you are acquainted, I will spare you because it is not easy for you to cultivate." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he took three bottles full of holy energy and slowly left here, relying on the guidance of the quasi-sacred prescription in his hand, facing the sea of ​​​​spirits The last place in the center of the medicinal herbs is gone.

For a time, the bottom of the Linghai also recovered calm, and the silt returned to the seabed to attach to the gap, absorbing endless power, I am afraid that it will be completely cultivated and formed soon.

...

"The quasi-holy-level prescription is still missing the last medicinal ingredient, the snake swallowing the sky grass." Xiao Yan collected the holy energy, and immediately went towards the spirit sea at an extremely fast speed, but along the way, he found that some of the spirit sea The medicinal materials in the independent space were sold out.

It seems that when he and the Ice and Fire Evil Dragon are fighting below, many strong people are not idle. They have already collected all the medicinal materials, and now they are probably heading towards the ten Juling Peaks.

"I have to speed up, I hope it won't be so unlucky." Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a black heart.

There are only ten Juling Peaks. I am afraid that there are only ten people in this grand ceremony. Once others occupy the Juling Peak and start refining medicine pills, they will not be able to drive them away. This makes Xiao Yan anxious.

"That's it." Five minutes later, Xiao Yan came to a position close to 800 meters under the Linghai Sea. He looked at the medicinal herbs that were isolated from the sea and quietly standing in a small independent space, and couldn't help but feel relieved. .

"Come here." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but waved it casually, wanting to take it into his pocket, and then hurriedly went to the ten Juling Peaks to find out.

"..." Xiao Yan's seemingly tyrannical power did not cause any waves, and the snake swallowed by the power of space did not move.

"Strange, what's going on?" Seeing that the situation was not right, Xiao Yan immediately became puzzled and couldn't help but approach him.

The secluded snake swallowed the sky grass, and when it got close, I saw that it was a small green snake, as lifelike as a living thing. The small snake was quietly crawling around a plant with nine green leaves, which was quite strange.

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan didn't want to waste time, so he could only endure the doubts in his heart, mobilized the soul power in his body, and attacked him continuously.

"..." After the blink of an eye, this herb was still unmoved, as if it was not like Xiao Yan at all.

"What the **** is going on?" Xiao Yan was not convinced. The flame, holy flame, soul, spiritual power, etc. were all used by him, but he couldn't shake the medicinal materials at all, even with the brute force of the Dragon God Transformation. .

"The quasi-sacred pill, the pill's name and its efficacy need to gather all the medicinal materials before they can be revealed, and the medicinal materials required for refining..."

"Among them, the Snake Swallowing Heavenly Grass is the core medicinal material, no matter what kind of stubborn power it is, it is not advisable."

"Only the life of the snake clan can be shaken by pouring its blood essence." Xiao Yan took out the yellowish ancient prescription and took a closer look. He didn't know when some small words were added.

"Strange, I just said why the prescription wasn't right in the first place But this prescription seems to be a kind of exclusive medicine for snakes?" Xiao Yan had an idea in his heart, but he was still suspicious.

"Come on!" Temporarily putting away other distracting thoughts in his mind, Xiao Yan swiped his finger out of thin air, the sharp blade of air cut Xiao Yan's finger open, and drops of scarlet blood emerged.

However, in the seemingly bright red blood, there are traces of extremely bleak colorful colors. Although the colorful colors are bleak, they are real. When the blood touches the snake swallowing the sky grass, the void squirms, and there are traces of cracks. It emerged, but the blood instantly turned into a mini-giant snake flashing with colorful power, biting away at it.

"It's finally here."

"Next, we must seize the time to compete for the Juling Peak. Although I don't know what the role of the Juling Peak is, there are only ten of thousands of people participating. I am afraid it has its unique power." After collecting the medicinal materials, Xiao Yan left directly. Linghai walked towards Linggu, but Ling Zixi and the others had already disappeared halfway along the way.

Next, in the medicine clan festival, the real highlight just kicked off!