Chapter 381: Holy Glory!

With the injection of Mu Yingying's soul power, Xiao Yan also felt that the fighting qi in his body also became calm, and then those fighting qi and soul power that had been consumed also recovered instantly!

However, what surprised Xiao Yan the most was the change of the blue soul in his body!

This Mu Yingying's soul power can actually resonate with this soul species!

This made Xiao Yan extremely surprised!

This kind of soul is necessary to conquer the holy flame. If it resonates at this time, doesn't it mean that the holy flame that Xiao Yan has been needing has been absorbed by Mu Yingying in front of him?

"No!"

"The power of the holy flame on Mu Yingying's body is very weak. It seems as she said, for some reason, she cannot use the full power of the holy flame!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Also, the holy flame power on Mu Yingying's body fluctuates with the holy flame soul species in my soul realm, but these fluctuations seem to be acquaintances!"

"I'm sure these two auras are definitely not one!" In the next moment, Xiao Yan said decisively.

"In your body..."

"There seems to be something!" Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes also flickered slightly, then she stared at Xiao Yan and said.

Because the reason why Mu Yingying scattered a trace of soul power was to restore the power consumed by Xiao Yan, but at this time, she discovered something incredible. One person can't handle it.

"These things, I will tell you in the future!"

"Let's deal with the person in front of you first." Xiao Yan also muttered.

"Yes." Mu Yingying came back to her senses when she heard the words, and at this moment, the azure blue holy flame also filled Mu Yingying's whole body!

At this moment, Mu Yingying's whole body changed drastically!

Whole body blue!

Her hair has turned azure blue, and it falls vertically from her forehead like a waterfall. Her azure clothes are also dyed azure blue, and her whole body exudes a very holy power!

As if no evil spirit could get a step closer, the evil spirit retreated!

"This fluctuation..." The man in black also found something, and then said slowly.

The next moment, the man in black also took off the cap of the cloak, and then showed an extremely vicissitudes face!

The man in black showed his forehead, and the most attractive thing was the conspicuous scar on the forehead of the man in black!

The scar spread over the entire forehead!

The most striking!

"It turns out that the other holy flame is in your hand!" The man in black also showed a very greedy wink in his pupils, and then slowly stared at Mu Yingying in front of him, a very terrifying aura also soared. !

There is no doubt that the eight-star Dou Di's perfection-level strength is on display!

"Holy Flame!"

"It's actually a holy flame!"

"Hahaha!" Terrifying laughter also emanated from the man in black!

"Hahaha!"

"As long as I get this holy flame!"

"Then no one can stop me!"

"King Xuanling!"

"Solomon!"

"Wait!" The man in black also said with a wicked smile.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also stared blankly at Mu Yingying, who was obviously seeing the power of Saint Flame for the first time at such a close distance!

However, Xiao Yan did not have the slightest sign of relief!

Xiao Yan still understands the truth that the wealth is not revealed. Now this Mu Yingying has leaked the secret that she has the holy flame. If the man in black is not killed, once he escapes, I am afraid that he will. The crazy revenge that provoked the dark man in black!

However, to kill this man in black, who is as powerful as an eight-star Dou Di perfection level, is as difficult as going to the sky!

It took a lot of manpower and material resources to kill the twin ghost emperors at the half-step eight-star Dou Emperor level back then. As for the man in black in front of him.

Self-defense is still a problem, let alone killing.

However, looking at the man in black with such a fiery gaze, he obviously wouldn't let Mu Yingying go easily.

However, Xiao Yan did not have any other thoughts. After all, Mu Yingying was also a member of Fenxiang Pavilion, and she could be regarded as her junior sister, so no matter what, Xiao Yan would not hide behind a woman. He was also holding the Ancient Fire Ruler in his hand, and then an extremely terrifying wave was slowly exuding.

As long as there is something wrong with Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan will immediately take action!

At this moment, Mu Yingying was like a female **** of war, her whole body exuded a holy aura, and the azure flames slowly surrounded her, her whole body was azure blue.

"Sheng Yao!" The next moment, facing the greedy man in black, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes moved slightly, and then her lips moved slightly.

As Mu Yingying's humming sound fell, a beam of light silently condensed from Mu Yingying's body, and then Mu Yingying raised her jade hand slightly, and then a beam of blue light with the power to purify all evil, Whistling away at the man in black!

"What a terrifying attack!" Even Xiao Yan was full of praise for Mu Yingying's attack at this time!

Because of the powerful attack, Xiao Yan also knew that the attack strength of this Mu Yingying attack was comparable to that of his own Lotus of Destruction!

Even more terrifying than his own lotus of silence!

"Susu!" The man in black also made some extremely strange noises, and the next moment, a huge Dou Qi light shield appeared beside him!

Inside was a golden Dou Qi light shield, and outside was the power of black qi like a ghost. Obviously, even a man as powerful as this man in black would not dare to underestimate the enemy in the face of Mu Yingying, who possessed holy flame.

"Boom boom boom!" Mu Yingying's blue beam of light also pierced through the defense of the man in black in an instant!

"Shabu!" Mu Yingying's azure-blue beam of light was also straight as if entering no one's realm directly ignored the defense of the man in black, and then went directly from above the golden defense Dou Qi light shield Go through it!

The azure light beam pierced the man in black abruptly!

"Shabu Shabu!" The man in black also had a stream of blood flowing out of his chest, obviously very embarrassed.

"I really underestimate the power of your holy flame."

"However, how many times can you perform such a terrifying attack?" The man in black was determined to kill this Mu Yingying and obtain the holy flame on her body, so the more attacking this Mu Yingying was, the more The stronger he is, the more excited he is!

Because Mu Yingying's attack became stronger and stronger, which meant that the holy flame on Mu Yingying's body became more and more terrifying!

"Cough, cough..." After Mu Yingying performed an attack, the power of the holy flame was also withdrawn from her body. Obviously, the energy required for such an attack was quite good.

Just when Mu Yingying took a few breaths and was about to condense the holy flame to deal with the man in black, a warm palm also supported Mu Yingying, and then a rather soft voice also Said: "Don't use that power anymore..."

"leftover……"

"give it to me."

Mu Yingying also raised her head with difficulty, and then a face with a soft smile appeared in her beautiful eyes.

It was a man with a heavy ruler on his back, and his body was covered in milky white flames. However, the smile on his face made Mu Yingying feel at ease.

Ask for tickets!