Chapter Vol 4 2204: The altar of the elves, the legend of Yaoji!

A few days passed quickly.

"After we left, martial law was imposed in the south, and it was strictly forbidden for any unidentified strong person to enter or leave. Once there is any change, crush the space scroll I gave you as soon as possible, and take everyone to escape."

"..."

"do you know?"

Everyone was on a large square in the south, and Xiao Yi kept instructing Lina who was beside her. This was also for the sake of the last step.

"Okay!"

Lina nodded, she naturally knew the seriousness of the matter at this time, in order to prevent unnecessary trouble, only Xiao Yi and the three of them went alone on this trip.

"This is a unicorn, a rare beast among elves, second brother, let's go."

Xiao Yi pulled over to a unicorn beside her, and waved to Xiao Yan.

The unicorn is quite docile, and its overall shape is like a white horse. There is a spiral-shaped horn in front of its forehead, which is extremely solid and sacred.

"Don't worry too much."

At this time, Xiao Yan didn't have much to help Xiao Yi, because he found that this guy's growth rate was a bit terrifying.

"Let's go."

Zai Du waved their hands, and the three of them rode on the unicorn and instantly sank into the void, and began to embark on the most important journey among the fire elves.

The northern part of the sea of ​​​​the sky, the headquarters of the fire elves.

The elf lakeside, elf altar, etc. are all holy places for the fire elves, and the destination of this competition is located at the elf altar.

The altar of the elf is located at the highest point in the entire sky. It has been the only venue for various canonization ceremonies and competitions among the fire elf family for countless years. The degree of stability of the space here In other words, even the ordinary second- and third-layer reincarnation-level strength cannot break through the void here.

The name of the altar originated from the goddess of fire elf in ancient times, Her Majesty Yao Ji.

It is said that when the sea of ​​​​the sky was not unified, it was divided. At that time, there were a total of twelve Wushan Mountains.

The No. 1 Wushan Mountain is called the Goddess Peak. The Goddess Peak stands in the center of the twelve Wushan Mountains. It is green all year round, beautiful and tall. The energy of heaven and earth of Wushan Mountain.

One day, an unidentified girl was born from the Goddess Peak. She has a pure heart, a beautiful appearance, and a ringing match. The whole body is full of strange fragrance, and her strength is unprecedentedly powerful. She once relied on the power of one person. , swept the countless elves among the twelve Wushan Mountains in the sea of ​​​​the sky, and provoked countless elves in this elf world to bow down to him.

The name of the goddess of Wushan, Yaoji, also came from this.

It is said that she is the incarnation of nature and the leader of the elves. There are many opinions, but no one knows her life experience, and there is no specific basis. However, according to some obscure records of the elves, after the goddess Yaoji spoke up, she was proficient in a kind of Different from the power in the great world.

Witchcraft.

The power of witchcraft comes from the Goddess Peak, from the ancient origin of Shangcang, but the power of witchcraft is less conspicuous than forbidden arts, and even has many mysteries, which is also the exclusive power of the goddess Yaoji. .

Yao Ji was born and conquered the arrogant and domineering elf race among the twelve Wushan Mountains with absolute power. Soon, the three gods and Jiaojiao who once occupied the eleven Wushan Mountains completely surrendered, and then unified the twelve Wushan Mountains. The integration has formed the huge world of the sea of ​​sky elves. After a long period of time, the fire elves are the most powerful, and the leaders in the sea of ​​sky have grown up and guarded here for generations.

The altar of the elves, it is said that this place is the place where Yaoji, the goddess of Wushan, is the place of success. After Yaoji unified the twelve Wushan Mountains to establish the space of the sea of ​​the sky, she would dormant here all day long, comprehending the power of heaven and earth, and painstakingly practiced witchcraft. When he was out of the customs for decades, his strength was approaching the peak of reincarnation, and even the three-headed **** Jiao, who had survived eight calamities, did not dare to give birth to any disobedience.

That kind of strength can be said to be the real transformation of the world, so that countless elf creatures can only look up and worship.

Later, with the stability of the sea of ​​sky space and the prosperity of elves, Yaoji quietly left here with three gods, and went to the Great Thousand World. After a long time, the first war between heaven and earth struck...

The altar of the elves, on the highest mountain range in the deep sea of ​​the sky, is surrounded by some plants and trees, and the fragrance of birds and flowers is a very warm paradise. The top of the altar is as smooth as a flat mirror. Fabulous.

And this place is really the holy land of the elf world. Countless elves enter here, and they can vaguely feel the hidden aura left by the goddess Yaoji.

At this time, there are already many figures in the altar of the elves, including many elders from the headquarters of the fire elves, who are fully responsible for this competition.

In a few days, the entire world of the sea of ​​elves in the sky has become turbulent. In the face of the election of the leader of the elves, the election of the fire elves, many other high-level elves of the ordinary elves are also going to them one after another.

The arrival of the competition day has made this peaceful altar of spirits unprecedentedly lively, with figures strewn from all sides in an orderly manner, although most of them are watching the excitement, but they know that this time After the competition, the entire family of fire elves will be completely changed.

With the emergence of this fiery phenomenon of the elf altar, countless elf powerhouses who came here stayed quietly outside the altar, waiting for the nod of the elders of the fire elf headquarters before daring to enter. The tyrannical wrist of the hand can make this world quiet, and the strength can be learned from the world.

And the three heavyweights waiting for this fight.

"Pfft!"

"someone is coming?"

Some elf powerhouses with a keen sense of smell who were dormant above the forest trees found that a void at the edge of the forest collapsed slightly became distorted in an instant, and several extremely tyrannical breaths bloomed like a piercing sun. .

"Princess Alice of the Western Tribe?"

"And the two participating elders behind him."

"Two of the first-level reincarnation-level strength, and one of the reincarnation-level strength."

"Sisi... The Western Tribe actually has such a terrifying formation."

Looking at the three people in front of them, they broke through the void and emerged. Many strong men couldn't help but take a deep breath.

The election of the fire elves just depends on the tyrannical means of the three major electors, each of which draws people's hearts and forces to fight against each other in the sea of ​​​​the sky, so Alice can get the help of a first-level reincarnation elf powerhouse, for them In other words, its strength should not be underestimated!

Looking at the situation, Princess Alice of the Western Tribe was wearing a light blue dress, and a faint energy gauze shrouded her behind her, which showed her graceful figure vividly and her long hair fell, but because the wind was very noisy here, Instead, it danced in the sky, with a light blue blue crystal chain on the jade neck revealing an elegant atmosphere, the skin is like snow, and the smile is smiling, and the whole body is set off like a fairy.

Princess Alice, the most promising among the three major electors, is considered to be a leader among fire elves in terms of strength and beauty.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: