Chapter Vol 4 1840: Princess shot!

The battle in the emperor's bedroom was naturally without any suspense. The emperor defeated Sika with an overwhelming advantage, and captured Sika and Lin Feng at the same time. What awaited them was the punishment after the battle. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"Shu'er, this is all a test for you, and it is also to stimulate the power of the stars in your body. I hope you don't blame your father." The emperor settled this and gently returned to his bedroom. Ling's soul power keeps an eye on the changes in the sky at any time.

The power of the devil is somewhat beyond the imagination of the emperor. Even the emperor did not expect that Lin Fengya would be so mad, but if the power of the stars is fully stimulated, it may not be impossible to fight against the devil.

On the other side, next to the abyss.

"Damn, be honest with me." Somewhere on the cliff, Ji Xuan lingered with a dark green aura around the sinister Gamma, constantly watching you pretending to be forceful, avoiding the pursuit of the Soul Palace and the Holy See.

"You guy, you have a pretty good power. Why don't you put it into our sins? Maybe you will gain a lot of money in the future." At this time, Gamma smiled grimly.

"Hmph." Ji Xuan didn't have a chance to him, he snorted coldly, and continued to avoid the pursuit of the Soul Hall and the Holy See powerhouse.

"Two seven-star fighting immortals, and there are many six-star fighting immortals..." Xiao Yan has been following behind Ji Xuan and the two, solving unnecessary troubles for them, but before he was sure of his own safety, Xiao Yan Absolutely will not show up rashly.

"Squeak." With a sound, under Gamma's footsteps, a withered branch made an extremely harsh sound, whether it was intentional or unintentional.

"You bastard!"

"Come on!" Ji Xuan cursed secretly, and took Ji Xuan to flee quickly.

"I found them!"

"On the edge of the cliff!" I don't know who said it, and all of a sudden, countless ghostly figures swept away from the entire cliff at the same time.

"Boy, give up your resistance, hand over Gamma, and we can spare you." A group of dozens of soul hall powerhouses surrounded Ji Xuan and the two with a stern smile.

"Dream!"

"Wooden world, wood grain barrier!"

"Wooden tree thorns!" Ji Xuan's whole body was green with aura, and a huge defensive wooden wall and attacks appeared constantly, resisting these guys.

"Tips for carving insects!"

"Die!" It seemed that the strength of the dozens of Soul Hall powerhouses was only about six-star Douxian Perfection, but this also put a huge amount of pressure on Ji Xuan.

"Boom!" At the critical moment, an amber flame, like a prairie fire, spread out from behind a hidden tree.

"Ah ah ah!" For a time, all the powerful souls in the Soul Palace burned violently, and screams of pain continued to emerge.

"Lord Xiao Yan?" Ji Xuan couldn't help saying excitedly.

"Come on!"

"Go towards the emperor's palace." After knocking down dozens of people, Xiao Yan stared gloomily at the void, as if some terrifying creature had been staring at him secretly.

"Holy Flame Fire, as expected of the guy named by the Hall Master."

"But this is the end. Whether it's Holy Flame or Gamma, it's in the bag of our Soul Palace." At the same time, in a dark void, a black robe walked out with light steps. , As this guy walked around, the entire void was filled with an extreme unease.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan's eyes were gloomy, he snorted coldly, and took the two to prepare to escape.

"go?"

"It's too hard to take me seriously." Hunyoumeng Qixing Fighting Immortal's power in the late stage was as unshakable as the Pillar of Optimus for the current three people.

"Lord Xiao Yan!" Ji Xuan and Gamma used the help of the space channel to hide directly, and couldn't help roaring at Xiao Yan who was broken.

"Where to go!" Looking at this scene, Hunyoumeng's eyes became stern, and the black mist all over his body wriggled, like a thick black smoke constantly shaking, the power contained in it was suffocating!

"Boom!" With a sound, the palm of the hand suddenly pushed towards Xiao Yan, the space distorted and collapsed, as if the palm of the **** of death made one's heart palpitate!

"The Pattern of Dominance, give me defense!" Xiao Yan stepped back while displaying the water-attribute defensive canopy within the Pattern of Dominion.

"Pfft!" With a sound, countless black mist palms suddenly took pictures of Xiao Yan's figure, the sound of the crisp bone rubbing sounds was extremely harsh, and even the huge water curtain was forcibly smashed by it in an instant, the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth A mouthful of blood burst out suddenly, and the breath suddenly dropped and shriveled.

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan also fell into the space channel and disappeared here.

"It seems that this guy is the devil's best choice." Seeing Xiao Yan's miserable appearance, Gamma also had some plans in his heart.

"Sir!" The other Soul Palace experts couldn't help but whispered when they watched Xiao Yan and the three escape from Soul Youmeng's hands.

"Let the Soul Sha increase its power, they must still be around this cliff."

"As for the powerhouses of the Holy See, if you meet them, kill them. After all, their souls are extremely pure."

"Susu." The voice fell, and Zadu returned to calm.

"Weng Om!" It's just that a dark green demon is already ready to go on the sky at this time. After just swallowing dozens of soul bodies, adding the flesh and blood of the previous veterans, at this time The demon servant has completely become a murderous demon without blinking an eye. First release https://https://

"Hoohoo!" There was a gleam of evil light in the dark green pupils, above the sky, surrounded by evil clouds, and waved to attack the Tianyuan Mountains. At that time, the magnificent palaces, avenues, and even The flowers, plants and trees disappeared and shattered as quickly and violently as the broken flowers and the willows.

"Princess, you can't go!"

"This guy is an unforgivable demon, you..." At this time, Lin Yunshu had used the military talisman to mobilize all the remaining power, plus the hidden strength around him to support himself, it was enough to defeat Lin Feng and Lin Feng The power that Ya has already ambushed in one go Generals, the remaining power of the two brothers will be handed over to you. "

"I am the royal family and princess of Tianxing Continent. At this time, it is not easy for me to be righteous." Lin Yunyan said with a smile, and then her body slowly lifted into the air, facing the demon.

"Princess... You are really righteous!"

"Let's go, under the order of the princess, to arrest the rebel forces of Prince Lin Feng and Lin Fengya, and those who resist stubbornly will be killed without mercy!" For a time, the mighty and mighty army left against the other two forces.

"This is... such a beautiful person." Above the sky, the demons attacked at will, and immediately destroyed most of the prosperous Tianyuan Mountains, but Lin Yunshu, who was shining with the stars below, smelled it. An air of great surprise.

A princess dress set off her extremely graceful and slender body. The power of the stars around her is as unfathomable as the sea of ​​stars. With the addition of the delicate face and the three thousand blue silk falling vertically like a waterfall, Rao is a devil, and her eyes are bright.

"I, the new emperor of the Tianxing Continent, the Empress Lin Yunshu." Lin Yunshu stood in the sky, his eyes fixed on the devil, and his light voice was like a movement, resounding in the ears of the entire Tianyuan Mountains.

The momentum is elegant and tyrannical, like an emperor who is calm on weekdays, but has a vital emperor at critical moments!

The error-free chapters of "Fight Breaking the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting, please collect it: () The Yandi of the God of Fighting is the fastest to update.