Chapter Vol 4 925: King Xuanling's ambition!

"Guru." With a sound, Zhu Jin directly activated the space teleportation formation, and directly teleported the group back to the Fenxiang Pavilion, and the plan of this trip was considered to be a perfect end, although he didn't know why the strong members of the Xuanling royal family did not stop him.

Zhu Jin is worthy of being the first battle formation master of Xuantian San, and in just a few breaths, he brought everyone back to the Burning Incense Pavilion.

The highest meeting room of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

Everyone just left the seventh floor of the underground palace and appeared here, and a feeling of returning home slowly sounded from their hearts.

But at this time, no one of the crowd had the idea of ​​leaving, and the anger in this conference room was extremely wrong.

Xiao Yan stood on the other side of Mu Yingying, watching Mu Yingying hug Yan Chi in tears, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a little distressed.

While the others were surprised at first, they now vaguely guessed something.

"Let them both be quiet for a while." Fen Tian put his hand on Xiao Yan's shoulder and said immediately.

When everyone heard the words, they also left the conference room very wisely.

In the conference room, only Mu Yingying and Yan Chi were left.

"Brother..." Mu Yingying was still sobbing.

"Yingying, let's not cry, is someone bullying you, tell me, I'll beat him up for you." When Yan Chi's body came back, Fen Tian had injected some fighting power into him, so he was reluctant. recovered some.

"No... No." Mu Yingying looked at the man in front of her, but her heart suddenly became quiet, and a full sense of security was slowly born, but she unconsciously glanced at the disappearing Xiao Yan, as if in her heart Some other ideas.

"..." With the disappearance of everyone, the two brothers and sisters reunited after a long absence, and naturally it was inevitable that they would greet each other after a while.

"Pavilion Master, I don't know if I should say it or not..." Xiao Yan followed Fen Tian and still couldn't help but say.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This time, you are the only hero who saved Yanchi. It doesn't matter if you say anything." Fen Tian said with a free and easy smile.

"I don't know why, but I always feel that the aura on Yan Chi's body is not right. I hope the pavilion master can check it carefully." Because of the previous change of the Holy Flame Soul Seed, Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak.

"Well, I remember this matter." Fen Tian nodded solemnly.

"Since it's all right, then the disciple will go down first. As for the things in the Second Hall of Heaven and Earth..."

"Hehehe..." At the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan did not forget to say.

"Hahaha, that thing is not under my control. You can discuss with the old guys from the Second Heaven and Earth Hall to see if they will take it out." Fen Tian smiled strangely, and then disappeared instantly.

"Fuck..." Xiao Yan saw that Fentian had promised so easily before, but now he shied away, and couldn't help but let out a foul language.

"Hey, let's go back first to consolidate our strength. The performance just now seems to have a faint sign of breaking through the Seven Star Dou Emperor." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and immediately left.

At this time, in the seventh floor of the underground palace.

"I hope this Yanchi won't let us down." With the departure of Fen Tian and his party, Xuanling King, who was hiding in the dark, couldn't help but said slightly, but Xuanling King's eyes were on Xuanxin, and naturally he didn't notice it. Arrived, there are several huge breaths coming towards them.

"Guru."

"These guys are finally gone."

"After all, the injury is serious this time, I'm afraid I have to go into seclusion."

"I don't know it was that **** who leaked the news, and Dong Xuan and the Dragon-loving Legion didn't listen to their orders. I really can't think of it..."

"And Dark Night Ghosts also escaped, and Yan Chi was rescued by Fenxiang Pavilion again..." Xuan Xin, who was lying flat on the ground with a very weak breath, spoke slightly.

But I was very depressed. For this time, I was fully prepared, and even at a huge cost, I transferred the ghosts of the dark night directly from the ghost world through some unknown people. Even so, it was still a failure. .

"Cough, cough..." After a violent cough, Xuan Xin reluctantly got up.

"Royal Father, what's wrong with you?" After a while, King Xuanling walked out of the darkness, and then ran to support Xuanxin, his pupils were full of worry.

"You came just in time."

"This time, the grievance between Burning Incense Pavilion and us has long been indelible."

"In the sect competition in the near future, at all costs, kill the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion to repay the hatred this time!" Xuan Xin forcibly suppressed the injury in his body, and then spoke slightly.

"I see."

"But why did Yanchi disappear?"

"What happened here?"

"How could it be so tragic..." King Xuanling looked around, looking at the seventh floor of the messy underground palace, and couldn't help but speak.

"Yanchi, the old guy from Fen Tian got the news from some unknown source, this time he took many strong men from Fenxiang Pavilion and rescued him." Xuan Xin said, and spoke slightly.

"That father, your injury..." The next moment, King Xuanling slowly spoke about his injury.

"My injury is fine, I just need to rest." Xuanxin cast a glance at King Xuanling and then spoke.

"Those things about the statues of the ancestors..." King Xuanling said, if it wasn't for this secret, he would have done it a long time ago.

"The secret of this thing, I'm afraid I haven't cracked it after so many years of research."

"I'm afraid I'll break my promise to you back then." Xuan Xin did not notice the murderous intent flashing in King Xuanling's eyes for a while, and spoke slightly.

"Then it's useless to keep you..."

"My dear royal father, you can die." The next moment, King Xuanling was filled with extremely **** fluctuations, and then looked at Xuanxin, and said hideously, on the palm of his hand, a wave strong enough to kill serious injuries Beneath Xuan Xin's evil aura appeared slightly.

"Extraterritorial evil race?"

"You renegade son, you actually colluded with the evil clan from outside the territory!"

"It's rude!" Seeing this, Xuan Xin let out a loud shout, but the qi and blood in the body tumbled, obviously the aftermath of the battle was too serious.

"What's the use of talking so much?"

"When you abdicated you handed over all the power of the Xuanling royal family to me, then there would be no such thing as today."

"Don't worry, after you die, I will take over the royal family of Xuanling." After King Xuanling finished speaking, the evil power in his body was soaring, and he directly swallowed up Xuanxin, who was still trying to resist.

Although Xuan Xin knew for a long time that King Xuanling had bad intentions, he did not expect that he would collude with the evil tribe outside the realm, and then fell into the hands of King Xuanling who borrowed the power of the evil tribe from outside the realm.

"Gulu gulu!" King Xuanling engulfed Xuanxin's entire body, and then the aura actually skyrocketed.

"This King Xuanling is really crazy."

"If you devour other people's power like this, I'm afraid it will be irresistible in the end." The trace of the blood demon hidden in the Xuanling King's body made the source power directly leave the Xuanling King's body, and then opened his mouth.

This kind of practice and method that directly devours the power of others is extremely rare, even for Gorefiends.

"Hahaha."

"From now on, I, King Xuanling, is also a true Fighting Immortal powerhouse!" After a while, the seventh floor of the underground palace was suddenly filled with a very strange blood color, and then the pupil of King Xuanling was filled with abnormal blood. The breath suddenly burst.

"King Xuanling, I, the Medusa clan, have come to take revenge." Just as King Xuanling was laughing, a multi-colored light flashed directly from a distance, and a shadow with a shocking aura slowly slowed down. Speak slowly.