Chapter : 161 Full of Souls!

"How can it be!"

"It's actually full of souls!" Mo Chen also opened his eyes wide, staring at the striking "ten" character on the Lingzhu in his hand!

At this time, a "cross" on the suction bead was particularly eye-catching, and the entire originally dark house was also exceptionally bright like the clouds in the sky at this time!

"Cough cough cough." Xiao Yan also opened his eyes, and then coughed violently. Just when the number on the suction bead jumped to "eight", Xiao Yan actually only used half of his soul power, but then he thought I want to inject the remaining general soul power into it again, and then it jumps to "nine".

After all, the power of the soul has also been used up, and it is impossible to soar. When Xiao Yan is satisfied, he has to open his eyes. In the Ni Gong Wan in his body, the silent inscription of "God Movement" suddenly vibrated violently. , and then turned into an extremely huge force and went to the suction bead in Mo Chen's hand.

The "magic movement" inscription at Nigongwan was continuously gathering energy towards the Absorbing Spirit Orb, and Xiao Yan could feel that the power was pure and powerful.

When he heard the "ten" from Mo Chen and the others, Xiao Yan also slowly opened his eyes, but he could feel that the "God Moving" inscription seemed to disdainly stop the power transmitted to the Spirit Orb. , as if unfinished!

Then it became quiet again, as if nothing had happened just now.

As soon as the power of Xiao Yan's "Spiritual Movement" inscription appeared and injected into the Spirit Absorbing Orb, Xiao Yan's body trembled violently. He was surprised to find that the "Sacred Movement" inscription in his body seemed to be extraordinarily powerful, and that Strength and psychic power are quite similar.

The splendid-looking Spirit Absorbing Orb has long been suspended from the "Nine". Under the injection of Xiao Yan's spiritual power, the Spirit Absorbing Orb in Mo Chen's hand lit up, and dazzling nine-color rays of light emerged from Mo Chen's hand. The spirit-absorbing bead on the top spreads little by little towards the room, and in the blink of an eye, the spirit-absorbing bead glitters like a dazzling gem.

The nine-colored rays of light slowly surrounded the house and did not dissipate for a long time.

According to the previous test, as long as there are more than two colors of light, even a trace of light, it proves that the tested person has the existence of the eighth-level soul power, and there is such a dazzling light in the eye-absorbing bead. There is only one explanation for the nine colors of light.

"Senior Brother Mo, what's the matter?" Xiao Yan, who had just opened his eyes, also found that Mo Chen's eyes seemed to be wet. He thought it was touching his sadness. He was about to say something to comfort him, but Mo Chen suddenly laughed and Laughing a little crazy.

"Hahahahahaha!" Mo Chen also danced and raised the suction pearl in his hand.

"Senior Brother Mo, are you alright?" Several people next to him also noticed that Mo Chen was wrong, and they all said.

"I'm fine, I'm fine." After Mo Chen waved his hand, a space jade shattered out of thin air.

"Xiao Hei, come here and take charge of the follow-up tests for these people, I have something important." After more than ten seconds, a dark-skinned figure appeared in the room.

"What are you doing, Mochen? Disturbing people's dreams." The dark-skinned man named Xiaohei also looked at Mochen with sleepy eyes. Obviously, he was dissatisfied with being called by Mochen to do chores just after he woke up.

Rubbing his eyes, he saw that Mo Chen seemed to be testing the soul power of this group of people, and he also remembered that this was the last group.

"Level 10 full of souls?"

"Who is it?" As he entered the house just now, the bright light made him feel as if it was a pillar of Dou Qi, so he didn't notice the suction pearl. But when his eyes saw the eye-catching "cross" on Mo Chen's hand sucking the spirit bead, he raised his head and looked at the roof.

"You are in charge of the few people here. This matter is too important. I must take him to see Uncle Wu immediately!"

"Xiao Yan, come with me." Mo Chen also said in a deep voice, and then with a wave of his palm, the suction orb in his hand was put away.

Xiao Yan was also a little confused by this sudden scene, but he still clicked and followed.

The eight people in the set also looked at each other in dismay, and didn't make a sound.

"Well, go ahead." Xiao Hei also responded.

"It's actually full of soul..."

"It seems that this time, God blesses me for Xuan San San..." Xiao Hei also looked at the two people who had gone away, and then muttered to himself.

"Hehe, there seems to be an unknown secret here." In a quiet room, Hu Du was also drinking tea.

"Um."

"I always feel that this missing person is a bit strange."

"And the two boys from the Jiang family ran out without saying hello to the family." Wu Jiang also frowned and said, obviously rather irritable.

"Um?"

"Don't tell me that these two boys from the Jiang family are also on the missing list..." Hu Du also put down the teacup in his hand and said.

"Well..." Wu Jiang also agreed slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This..." Hu Du also looked ugly, because both of them knew that the Jiang family was the grandson of a high-ranking elder in the Sword Sect. If an accident happened to them, then they would not be able to eat. Walk around.

"They can't join the sect directly, why do they still come here to participate in the test and selection?" Hu Du also said.

"Hey, these two boys are not afraid of anything, and they haven't said hello to their family, so..." Wu Jiang also said anxiously.

"If that's the case, then this matter will be much more troublesome..."

"I heard that the powerhouses of this sect will collectively go out to worship their ancestors in a few days, and we will investigate it carefully."

"I don't know why, but I always feel that the missing person is still here." Wu Jiang also said.

"Do you feel it? There seems to be a gloomy atmosphere on the path from the ferry to the square , which is not something we humans can have..." Wu Shishu also frowned and said.

"You mean..." Hu Du also exclaimed.

"Shhhhh! Drink tea, drink tea." Wu Jiang said something to keep his mouth shut, then raised his teacup.

Hu Du also knew the importance of this matter, so he nodded knowingly.

"Dong, dong, dong!" The three consecutive knocks on the door also fell during the conversation between Hu Du and Wu Jiang.

"Who is it?" Wu Jiang also said in a bad mood.

"Uncle Wu, it's me, Mo Chen!"

"I have something to report!" Mo Chen also came with Xiao Yan in a hurry.

"Well, come in."

"What's the matter?" Wu Jiang also said.

Hearing that, Mo Chen also pushed open the door, and then quickly closed the door.

Xiao Yan also didn't know which one of the songs was suddenly sung, so he didn't ask any further questions, and followed him in.

"What's the matter?" Wu Jiang asked.

"Uncle Wu, please take a look." The Spirit Absorbing Orb in his hand also radiated a nine-colored light that penetrated the sky, and then a striking "cross" appeared slowly.

"How can it be!"

"Who is it!" Wu Jiang and Hu Du both lost their voices at the same time.

Others don't know this thing, but they know what a powerful meaning this little "cross" represents.

Ask for a recommended collection and ask for a monthly pass!