Chapter 250: A jade tablet for the soul that coexists with pure power and gloomy ghosts!

"Let's take a closer look, with me and the Nine Soul Monument there, it should be fine..." The Golden Dragon King's soul body was also on top of Xiao Yan's head, and then he said slowly.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan replied softly, and then started the Burning Jue. The milky white flame instantly enveloped his body. If there was an abnormality, it was better to deal with it as soon as possible.

Xiao Yan walked up slowly, circled around the soul-suppressing jade tablet for a few times, then stopped his body and slowly approached the soul-suppressing jade tablet.

According to Xiao Yan's observation, the outer periphery of this soul-suppressing jade tablet should be the stone tablet just now. The function of the stone tablet is to cover the soul-suppressing jade tablet, but don't think that this soul-suppressing jade tablet is only one meter high, but it should not be underestimated.

I saw Xiao Yan's right hand suddenly stretched forward, and a flame of twenty-three colors instantly appeared on the edge of his palm.

Immediately, Xiao Yan's right hand slowly approached the soul-suppressing jade tablet. About a foot away, a jade-colored light blocked Xiao Yan's attack.

Xiao Yan was not surprised by this either. After all, this is the soul-suppressing jade tablet, and it has the same level of power as the twin ghost emperors, and its power cannot be underestimated.

I saw the soul-suppressing jade tablet in front of Xiao Yan. The monument is guarding it, and at the same time, it is also blocking Xiao Yan's right hand, and the two are deadlocked.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't flinch in the slightest, his eyes were stinging, his breath exploded instantly, the twenty-three-color flames on his right hand suddenly burst out, and his body suddenly took a step forward, forcing the jade-colored mask back. .

And the jade-colored light just faded, and immediately the same powerful light erupted, knocking Xiao Yan back again.

"Oh..." Xiao Yan also withdrew his hand and said doubtfully.

The Golden Dragon King above Xiao Yan's head was also in his eyes, showing a trace of horror.

"I didn't expect this jade light to be so mysterious, the stronger it gets stronger and the weaker it gets weaker. It's really strange." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

After that, he seemed to be discussing something with the Nine Souls Monument beside him, but at this time Xiao Yan didn't have time to listen.

In front of Xiao Yan's soul-suppressing jade tablet, it was obvious that Bei's sudden jade-colored protective light made him helpless...

"Damn..."

"What material is this thing made of..." It was obviously helpless. It was obvious that he had already tried his best to attack the jade-colored light on the surface of the soul-suppressing jade tablet, but without exception, all were attacked by this The jade-colored rays of light are resolved one by one...

However, Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the things in this soul-suppressing jade tablet must be good things, but if you don't touch this jade-colored light, the flesh in your mouth will disappear.

"Long Yi, do you know what this is..." Xiao Yan also murmured and took off the Ancient Fire Ruler behind him and said to Long Yi inside.

"This thing..."

"It seems to be a ban..." Long Yi came to a conclusion after looking at it carefully.

"..." Xiao Yan also rolled his eyes helplessly, just after he was about to put away the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, suddenly there was a voice from Long Yi.

"This thing is a bit like an evil soldier in the ghost world!" Long Yi suddenly stared at the jade tablet in front of him.

Although the jade-colored light on the soul-suppressing jade tablet is very powerful, and Xiao Yan can feel it, the power of this jade tablet is quite bright and just...

As for the mysterious power at the center of the jade tablet, it is just as eerie and eerie as the ghostly aura of the twin ghost emperors on the woman in white...

Even more terrifying than the ghostly aura on the woman in white!

"Evil Soldier?" Xiao Yan was also surprised, obviously this was the first time he heard of such a thing.

"Hehehe, the so-called evil soldiers are some magical weapons in the ghost world."

"As we all know, the Great Thousand Worlds can be divided into seven realms. You must have known that..."

"There are some extremely powerful divine weapons in every realm, but they are called differently in each realm."

"It's just that in the ghost world, evil soldiers are used by many powerful ghosts, and they have already been stained with countless blood, so the name of evil soldiers also comes from this." Long Yi is also quite proud. Obviously, these Ordinary people don't know about things, but Long Yi also thought that he was a strong man in his early years, and walked all over the Seven Realms, so he also heard about these things.

"The words of the evil soldier..." Xiao Yan also thought deeply.

"I saw the jade-colored light in front of me. The reason why you can't crack it is because you are not strong enough..." Long Yi was also saving his way.

"Strength..." Xiao Yan shook his head, a terrifying thought also came from Xiao Yan's mind!

Soul Power!

mental strength!

Two completely different forces, if they are fused together, then a terrifying force can burst out in a short period of time...

Xiao Yan also thought passionately.

No wonder Xiao Yan thinks so. After all, this is the core area of ​​Ghost Town, and ordinary fighting qi is like a chicken rib here. Only a huge soul force or spiritual force can make a breakthrough here.

After all, Xiao Yan is not someone who hesitates. He just finished speaking and got ready.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The left and right hands slowly stretched out respectively, and then closed their eyes, trying to mobilize the huge power soul in the soul realm in the body and the spiritual power in Ni Gong Wan...

Soul power gathers on the right hand, spiritual power gathers on the left hand...

Seeing the two terrifying forces in his hands, Xiao Yan also laughed...

"Boom boom boom!"

Immediately, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, clasped his hands together, and the two forces rushed towards the jade-colored light in front of him!

Originally, Xiao Yan wanted to combine the two forces into one, but by that time, the force would have soared by several levels!

But Xiao Yan was surprised to find that this huge soul power and spiritual power could not be combined!

The power of the two is as if they are not in the same dimension, but they can actually pass through out of thin air!

They can't be intertwined at all, let alone integrated!

However, at this time Xiao Yan also understood that time was running out. Once the ghost energy on the woman in white in front of him was completely covered, it would be the time when the twin ghost emperors would come.

So he didn't care about anything else, he folded his hands directly, and the two forces were tightly intertwined with the jade-colored light of the soul-suppressing jade tablet.

"Bang bang bang!"

With the attack of Xiao Yan's two colorless and transparent soul power and spiritual power, the unbreakable jade-colored light slowly seemed to be melted.

"Really!" Xiao Yan was also excited!

Watching the jade-colored light in front of you slowly melt, is also the transmission of increased soul and spiritual power!

Finally, the jade-colored radiance slowly faded away under the constant attack of Xiao Yan's soul power and spiritual power.

With the disappearance of the jade-colored light, the soul-suppressing jade tablet was completely exposed in front of Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan could feel an extremely pure and rather eerie aura from the soul-suppressing jade tablet, which was obviously very unreasonable.

After the jade-colored light disappeared, Xiao Yan saw that around the jade tablet, countless strange patterns flashed in the air, and many spell figures kept appearing beside Xiao Yan. All of these spells were extremely terrifying. Pure power!