Chapter Vol 4 1562: Rush to the rescue!

With the end of the Hongmen Banquet that day, all the powerhouses who encountered bottlenecks in the Wanhuo suddenly gained a lot of benefits. At that time, Xiao Yan's reputation in this sect reached its peak.

On the second day, when the sun rose, a bodyguard bathed in blood slowly came to Wanhuozong from other parts of the Central Territory. His injuries were extremely serious, and his breath seemed to be a disciple of Wanhuozong.

"Master Xiao Yan, Master Xiao Gui, the sect master has something important to ask you to go to the hall to discuss." In the morning, a guard suddenly broke Xiao Yan's drowsiness and went directly outside the house where the two of them were resting. The voice was extremely loud. Urgent, as if something major had happened.

"Big brother, could this be something big?" After a while, the two figures opened the house at the same time to prepare to go, Xiao Gui couldn't help asking.

"I don't know, but it should be a big deal, otherwise you won't be in such a hurry, let's go."

"Xiao Gui, remember, the situation in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect has stabilized now, and the Acacia tree is imminent. I must first go to obtain the Acacia tree. During this period, you will work hard to train the disciples in the sect. When I come out, I am afraid that it will be the third time. The sect competition of the year."

"In the past few years, you have worked hard for you." Xiao Yan said with a hint of guilt in his heart.

"Hey, big brother, don't worry, there are many forces in the Central Territory, but the Ten Thousand Fire Sect occupies a dangerous place. Even if we are besieged by other forces, we can choose not to fight." Xiao Gui immediately understood Xiao Yan's worry and nodded solemnly.

As soon as the voice fell, the two immediately walked towards the sect hall.

"Sect Master looks flustered, why is that?" The two of them had just entered the hall, and suddenly there were dozens of people gathered here. Most of these guys were some of the powerhouses in the Hongmen Banquet, and of course there were some Xiao Yan had never seen before. However, he was extremely polite to Xiao Yan.

"Sir Xiao Yan..."

"Our territory was attacked." After a while, Huo Yi frowned and went directly to Xiao Yan's side and said.

"Territory?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled when he heard this.

"Lord Xiao Yan, the so-called territorial territories are some territories or resources of our respective forces in the Central Territory."

"Our Ten Thousand Fire Sect belongs to a crystal vein that is rich in energy spar. Although the spar is not as good as your medicine pill, it can more or less give the disciples a lot of cultivation resources, so this crystal vein is ours. Myriad Fire Sect is an extremely precious territory." Elder Huoyun got up and said.

"In our sect, there are some five-star four-star fighting immortals, but the second elder and the third elder have been guarding the crystal vein for a long time. It's just today that a disciple came to report that the land was attacked, and the safety of the two elders... "Old Huo also frowned at this time. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Can Zhongyu attack at will?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after hearing the words.

"Sir Xiao Yan, you don't know. There are countless battles in the Central Territory, but the Earth Court and the Spirit Court just sit and watch, because here is a world where the weak eat the strong."

"This time, the sect that attacked our territory is a sect that calls itself Qingyun Pavilion. It is said that its backstage seems to be sheltered by a strong man in the courtyard." After a while, Huo Yi said seriously.

"The strength of this Qingyun Pavilion is considered to be top-notch in the Central Territory, because among their sects, there are some strong people in the late four-star Dou Xian." Elder Huoyun frowned, obviously this four-star Dou Xian late stage. The strong man has extremely shocking vision.

"Four-star Fighting Immortal late stage..." Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard this, but he was still quite surprised.

Now Xiao Yan is only in the late stage of the Three Star Dou Xian, and he has the Dou Xian Pill in his hand. Only after breaking through the late stage of the Three Star Dou Xian, he can also break through to the Four Star Dou Xian by taking the Dou Xian Pill.

"Sect Master Huo, I don't know where our Ten Thousand Fire Sect's territory is located?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked.

"Reporting to my lord, our territory is in the core area of ​​the Central Territory, which is a chaotic area where fish and dragons are mixed, so we sent two four-star Dou Xian elders to guard it." Although he didn't know why Xiao Yan asked such a question, Huo Yi still said.

"I don't know if the place where the so-called Acacia tree exists is the same as this land..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

"My lord, not far from our land is the place where the Acacia tree is in the present world, and our land was probably attacked just because the Acacia tree was in this world."

"My lord, this time, let me go with you. Territory is extremely important to our sect and cannot be lost." Huo Yi said solemnly.

"Oh...the location of the acacia tree and the land is so close..."

"No, this time, I'll go alone."

"When I resolve the crisis of my territorial possessions, I will enter the Acacia tree, so at this time, the sect's affairs will trouble the Sect Master and Xiao Gui." Xiao Yan slowly refused.

"My lord, it's not that I don't believe you, it's a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian, that kind of powerhouse..." Seeing Xiao Yan so decisive, Huo Yi couldn't help but said anxiously, even if this Xiao Yan could defeat Zhen Shi For himself, but facing the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals, he was one step away from him, and I am afraid that Xiao Yan also had no choice.

"Sect Master Huo, don't be impatient."

"When I entered the sect, I found that not far from the sect there are some sneaky figures, presumably they are the enemies of the sect, Tingfeng Pavilion."

"The strength in Tingfeng Pavilion is similar to ours. If the sect master leaves rashly, I am afraid that the sect will also be in crisis."

"So this trip I will go alone."

"As for the late four-star Dou Xian powerhouse in Qingyun Pavilion, the sect master can just wait for the good news." Xiao Yan said with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Sect Master, what Master Xiao Yan said is right. There is Qingyun Pavilion outside, and Tingfeng Pavilion is staring at the inside. You must not leave. Besides, Master Xiao Yan is a world-renowned genius, and he is a tyrannical pharmacist. He can definitely turn the risk into a safe one." Listening to Xiao Yan's voice, all the high-level officials present said.

Ten Thousand Fire Sect is their base. If they send strong people to relieve the territorial lands, I am afraid that once they are taken advantage of by the Tingfeng Pavilion, their situation will be doomed.

"Lord Xiao Yan..." Looking at the gentle man in front of him, Huo Yi couldn't help shaking his head. He said, even if he were to fight against him, he would not have much chance of winning.

"Sect Master, Xiao Gui."

"I have left a lot of medicinal pills, enough to increase the strength of the strong Zongmen."

"But remember, during the time I am away, you must not fight, you must stick to the sect camp." Xiao Yan still did not forget to exhort, after all, once this base is lost, I am afraid that their situation will be extremely bad. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Follow the orders of your lord." After a while, the strong people present also said respectfully.

"It's not too late, leave immediately." After handing over some complicated matters in Zaidu, Xiao Yan said to the **** guard who came to report.

"Lord Xiao Yan, we are starting from the secret passage, please follow me." As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan and the blood-colored guards immediately left the secret passage and headed towards the territory of the Central Territory.