Chapter Vol 4 1132: Ice Scroll

"Tianmu?" After hearing Xiao Yan's words, Qinger and Qingwen looked at each other, obviously they had never heard of this thing, but they could feel the extremely strong life force flowing out of the treasure chest. This thing is an extraordinary item.

"I originally thought that I was separated from Qingniu Tianmu, but I'm afraid I will go back and ask for Tianmu. After all, Tianmu is in his body, and I never imagined that he would meet Tianmu here." At this time, Xiao Yan's eyes were shining brightly, and he couldn't bear it. Live smiling.

In the cultivation of vindictiveness, almost everyone has only one attribute, even if there are special human beings who have multiple attributes, they understand the truth that greed is not enough, so they have created a monotony that has been an attribute since ancient times.

Xiao Yan has self-confidence. With the holy flame, he does not need to think about the problems of fire attribute cultivation in the future. On the contrary, if he can completely awaken the wood attribute, then the fire and wood will be two-pronged.

And the current Tianmu is the best primer to awaken the wood attribute in Xiao Yan's body!

"This thing seems to be related to Brother Xiao Yan, so let's not take it." Seeing Xiao Yan's crazy expression, Qing Wen smiled slowly.

"Hey, Brother Qing, this thing is extremely important to me, and I can't say no to it. I'll find any treasures in the future, it's all up to you." Xiao Yan carefully confirmed this day and then turned to Qing. The clerk laughed.

"Hahaha, Brother Xiao Yan, what are you talking about, you are polite." Qing Wen also laughed, but he was quite satisfied with Xiao Yan's actions.

Not to mention the corpse pill that was enough to advance to Dou Xian, but now he has taken away this precious thing. Many of the benefits in the pill palace have been taken away by him. Qing Wen is also afraid that Xiao Yan is a white-eyed wolf, but Xiao Yan is so After the guarantee, it is also relieved.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan carefully closed the treasure chest, and immediately put it into his own ring.

"In that case, let's take a look at this second treasure chest first." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Qing Wen smiled.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words, Zai Du Ru went to take the remaining two vertebrae, and slowly came to the two treasure chests.

"I hope there are some good things." Qing Wen couldn't help but muttered. He was also afraid that there were no treasures in these two treasure chests. Wouldn't it be a waste of time?

"Be vigilant, I'm about to open it." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice to the two of them, and then a spine in his palm slowly inserted into the shackles of the treasure chest.

"Crack!" With a sound, the treasure chest closest to Xiao Yan was gently opened.

"What is it?" The treasure chest was just opened, and there was no overflow of breath or power, and the entire Pill Hall was quite calm.

"This is……"

"A scroll?" Xiao Yan looked away and projected it into the treasure chest.

What appeared in Xiao Yan's pupils at this time was a jade-colored scroll that looked extremely ordinary, without any writing. The gold and silver were clear and quite mysterious.

"This is... a good thing!" Seeing this, the originally quiet Soul Eater couldn't help roaring.

"Senior, is this?" Although Xiao Yan guessed that this thing might be a bit secret, he didn't expect that even the Soul Eater could be alarmed.

"This is a roll of ice-based exercises." The Soul Eater said lightly.

"Ice-type exercises?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

"After the strength reaches the Dou Xian, many things in the practice and fighting skills will be completely divided."

"It's like you are a fire attribute, you can only practice fire attribute exercises or fighting skills." The Soul Eater said lightly.

"Then I can't practice it if it's a thunder-attribute kung fu fighting skill?" Xiao Yan was shocked.

"It's not impossible. It's just that after you advance to Dou Xian, the power of Dou Xian in your body will give birth to attributes. If you practice fighting skills with the same attributes as your own, the power will be greatly increased, but if you cultivate other types, the power will be weakened by a few. Ten times." The Soul Eater said.

"There is such a hidden feeling..." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head when he heard the words.

It seems that after being promoted to Dou Immortal, both the cultivation technique and the fighting skills have been subject to rather tyrannical restrictions.

When Xiao Yan was puzzled, Qing'er on the side walked slowly to the treasure chest, raised her jade hand slightly, and walked towards the jade-colored scroll.

"Be careful!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't know what Qing'er was doing, but for his intuition, he still said something.

"Sisi!" After a while, Qing'er's jade hand slowly touched the mysterious scroll, and then circles of white mist spread out from the mysterious scroll in an instant.

"Ice attribute grudge?" When Xiao Yan saw this, he couldn't help being shocked.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan don't need to panic, this is just some means of the sister." When Qing Wen saw this scene, he also explained.

"It's actually of the ice attribute. I'm afraid there is something in this girl's body." Seeing this, the Soul Eater said slightly.

"The ice attribute on Qing'er's body actually makes me feel a chill, this..." Xiao Yan could not help exclaiming when he saw that Qing'er and the mysterious scroll were both emitting white mist, standing next to the treasure chest.

"She should have an extremely cold body, so her ice-type fighting qi is naturally stronger than ordinary people."

"Although this kind of extremely cold body is not too rare, if it is done, it will not be easy to eat the pain of the cold, but in return, I am afraid that there is no one with the ice attribute powerhouse at the same level. Can beat her." Soul Eater explained en. "Xiao Yan softly agreed.

"This... the scroll, I want it." There were bursts of discomfort on Qing'er's pretty face, and then she said with her beautiful eyes moving.

"Are you alright?" Qing Wenwen heard the words, walked over slightly to support Qing'er, and asked.

"Brother, I'm fine."

"This scroll is also of the ice attribute, and it should be of great help to my physique." Qing'er's breath was a little weak, and she closed her hands and said to Qing Wen.

"It's fine."

"If this scroll can weaken your physical problems, then this trip will not be in vain." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"Take it." Seeing this, Xiao Yan used his fighting spirit to slowly wrap the mysterious scroll and send it to Qing'er.

"The cold in my body has been aroused by it, I have to go to retreat, otherwise the cold will strike..." Qing'er did not hesitate, her little hand tightly gripped the mysterious scroll, and said with a serious face.

"Go."

"This alchemy hall has a huge range, you just need to find a good place to retreat."

"We are also preparing to break through this last treasure chest." Qing Wen said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes." Qing'er nodded lightly, then exited to find a place to retreat.

"Next, there is the last treasure chest." And watching Qing'er leave, Xiao Yan and Qing Wen's eyes were both directed at the last treasure chest, especially Qing Wen, whose pupils were full of scorching heat!