Chapter Vol 4 1665: 5 refers to the ancient tree in Tan Zhong at the foot of the mountain!

After Xiao Yan and the two crossed the gate of immortality, the top powerhouses in this holy sect of immortality gathered at the core for a while, and the real highlight unfolded slowly at this time.

"Gululu." With a sound, the undead door formation wriggled, Xiao Yan and Irene entered its interior one after the other.

"Here... it really is the place where undead fire exists." After a while, Xiao Yan and the two stood on the ground at the same time, Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

Because at this time, the undead leaves and the immortal sparrows in Xiao Yan's body were all sending out waves of extremely tyrannical fluctuations.

"This place should be the real Holy Talisman of the Undying." Looking at the strange space under his feet, Xiao Yan licked the corners of his mouth and said hotly.

This is a dark void, the area is extremely vast, and the horizon is endless. The overwhelming gray light spots are covered in the void like stars, and there are no decorations in the void, only the gray light spots, and some clear under the feet of everyone. Aside from the transparent water flow, there is nothing else in this space.

"Let's go..."

"There should be the real highlight." Irene looked at a slightly tall mountain with her beautiful eyes, and found that there were dozens of tyrannical auras there. Obviously, these guys should be fighting for the undead fire this time. competitor.

"Let's go." The two looked at each other, and the speed skyrocketed directly from the flat ground, heading towards the top of the mountain.

In this space, the water squirming on the flat ground can only drown the ankles of the two, and in the center, there is a high uplifted mountain, and the gray mist is permeating the mountain, and it is not clear what it looks like, but many figures have already Dealing with the void, they seem to be waiting for something, and in the gray fog, there is even a shocking power that is about to wake up.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Irene?" The people standing on the edge of the mountain at this time watched Xiao Yan and the two approaching, and suddenly spoke in surprise.

"Hmph... It's really surprising that a mere waste in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal can enter here." Among them, Zhao Guang of the Five Sect Alliance said with a cold snort.

"It's impossible to say that. In the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, being able to cross the gate of immortality and enter here is enough to show that this guy is extraordinary."

"I think Your Excellency is in a gloomy mood, so you should leave as soon as possible, and you will be beaten to death for a while." But You Er, who was beside him, said with a contemptuous look in his eyes.

The five members of these five alliances do not know why, since the end of Glacier Tianhe, the three of them have been very hostile to You Er, Xiao Yan, and Eriner, and the reason is probably because they are playing with the powerful Xuantian Temple. Now hold a grudge.

"You'er, you!" Looking at You'er with sharp teeth and sharp mouth, the five of them said with solemn eyes.

"Okay, since you've come in, let's do it. Who will end up with the fire of immortality, it's up to each individual's fortune." At this time, the always quiet court of justice and the powerhouse of the court of adjudication spoke together, and as they spoke, There is a trace of deadly silence in this void. Obviously, the strength of these two people is probably the most tyrannical existence in this group.

This space can only accommodate the powerhouses in the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal. If their strength reaches the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, they will be completely rejected and cannot enter. In addition to the obstruction of the Undying Gate, the battle of the Undying Fire will become a Four-Star Fighting Immortal. Consummate to the battle between the powerhouses in the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals.

As for the dozens of people here, except for some members of the Five Sect Alliance and Xiao Yan, the strength of everyone else is almost in the early stage of Five-Star Dou Xian, and even the powerhouses of the Court of Justice and the Court of Judgment have reached the peak of the initial stage of Five-Star Dou Xian, only a short distance away. One step is to enter the middle stage of Five Star Fighting Immortals! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"How's the situation?" Xiao Yan and the two came to You Er in an instant, and immediately looked at the dozens of people around them with vigilance and asked.

Among the dozens of people, there are ten other people from the five major courtyards, and the remaining few people are dressed in strange clothes, and they even use black robes to cover their true faces, so that people can't see their real faces, and their breath is quite high. Concealment seems to be intentional concealment.

"These guys..." Xiao Yan frowned as he looked at the five mysterious men in black beside him.

Among the five people, the aura of one person seems to be very consistent with Mu Wushuang, but Xiao Yan is not sure. Besides, the aura of the other four men in black robes is like the power of evil, causing Xiao Yan to not be sure. Yan was quite uncomfortable.

"This guy...is that the so-called Xiao Yan?" The five men in black robes also seemed to sense Xiao Yan's figure, and immediately spoke slightly. There was a faint wave in their voices, and it was this wave that But it caused the holy flame in Xiao Yan to riot.

"If these guys are not the strong ones among the sins, they are the evil races outside the realm." At this time, Xiao Yan also directly confirmed.

"Now that everyone is here, let's get started."

"These gray fogs in front of you should be the protective shackles that shelter the undead fire. Only by uniting our strengths and destroying them, we cannot destroy these shackles with personal strength."

"What do you guys think?" For a while, Yu Xiao, the powerhouse of the Court of Adjudication, said, but there was no room for negotiation in his voice was like an order.

"Let's do it, I hope you don't hide it, otherwise it will be corroded by this shackle, and none of us will be able to escape, or even become a slave of fire." Deng Qing laughed along with him.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Crash!"

"Rotten Hand!"

"Judgment Lock!"

"..."

"Sword of Judgment!"

"The python is like a snake!"

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" For a time, the tyrannical fighting skills overwhelmed the sky and covered the earth, decorating this peaceful void into a sea of ​​fiery flames. At the same time, in the center of the Holy Tan of Undying, the gray surrounding the undead flames permeated the air. Down, the gray diffused slowly disappeared like a cloud of smoke, revealing its original appearance.

"This is……"

"Towering giant tree?" After a while, as the shrouded gray disappeared, scenes of shocking scenery suddenly appeared in front of everyone.

What comes into view is a rather bold mountain. The mountain is steep as a whole. Five huge stone pillars form the whole of the mountain, just like the five fingers of a human being, and even a breath of awe. Permeating from it, in the innermost dark space of Wuzhi Mountain, there seems to be an extremely tyrannical force, beating slowly.

The outer periphery of the mountain, which is like Wuzhi Mountain, is a towering ancient tree with lush branches. Its dark brown branches completely cover the entire Wuzhi Mountain, and on its ancient branches, there are countless mysterious and hidden gray lines. , like the lines and words of the ancient times, quietly emerged, and by this increase, the power that is full of this ancient tree makes everyone feel a chill in their hearts.

In a rather obscure place inside the Five Fingers Mountain, a faint gray flame throbbed like a elf.

"That's... undead fire!"