Chapter Vol 2 834: Prepare

"What should we do?" As the four of them looked at each other, Xiao Yan was the first to break the calm.

"It's very simple. After a while, the two of you will use the power of holy flame to help me fight the next part of the catastrophe. As for the rest, leave it to me."

"Although the robbery is terrifying, but the three of you, one has the inheritance rune of Fairy Moon, and the two have holy flames, obviously it won't cause much harm to you." Tian Wang Shen heard the words, and immediately spoke, and there was a voice in his voice. A smile.

"Fight against a part of the catastrophe?" Xiao Yan heard the words. In my heart, I thought about it carefully.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know the horror of the heavenly robbery, he didn't have to think about it to know that under the heavenly robbery, all thoughts would be in vain, otherwise this Heavenly King Ginseng would not be so low-key and so easy to talk to them, and if it was as easy as Heavenly King Ginseng said, I am afraid that Tianwangshen will not find them.

But even so, Xiao Yan had no intention of being afraid. After all, this Heavenly King Ginseng was a very important thing to Xiao Yan now.

As long as he helps the Heavenly King Ginseng to survive the calamity, no matter if he succeeds or fails, Xiao Yan can always get the Heavenly King Ginseng.

After all, if Tian Wang ginseng succeeds, it will definitely give Xiao Yan his own body, and even if it fails, Xiao Yan still has the means to save the main body of Tian Wang ginseng, but at best, the consciousness of this Tian Wang ginseng cannot be preserved.

"Leave it to me, the holy flame in your body is not a last resort, it's better to use it sparingly." Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying, who was a little restless, thinking that it was the sequelae left by the two Yiquan of life and death just repaired, and immediately Concerned opening.

"Yes." Mu Yingying heard the words and softly agreed, obviously she didn't know what Xiao Yan was thinking, but Mu Yingying seemed to have some impressions of this catastrophe.

Back then, I and my brother seemed to have a human body only after the calamity. The taste of that calamity, even Mu Yingying, who has always been aloof, is still fresh in their memories. I'm afraid I don't want to experience it once in my life.

That time, Rao Yi and their siblings were well prepared and almost fell.

"I hope this guy doesn't fail." Mu Yingying murmured softly.

"I don't know if this calamity can be absorbed by the Golden Demon Puppet." Xiao Yan murmured to himself.

Today's Golden Demon Puppet, just by virtue of its physical strength, is enough to be on a par with the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di.

However, Xiao Yan was also undecided in his heart.

After all, this heavenly robbery is something that even the Heavenly King Ginseng is afraid of, and the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di are afraid. Although Xiao Yan has an idea in his heart, he does not dare to take it out rashly, otherwise the golden demon puppet will be smashed by the heavenly robbery. Yan didn't stop crying.

"Although this is a medicine garden, it is crowded with people."

"Go back a little bit, and I'll set up a barrier." Tian Wang Shen said something, and then said to Xiao Yan and the others next to him.

"En." The next moment, there was an unusually attractive scent on Tianwang ginseng.

"This is the Heavenly King Ginseng, which is about to enter the ten thousand year level. The fragrance alone may be comparable to some magical medicine." Xiao Yan looked at the Heavenly King Ginseng who was arranging the barrier, and immediately laughed.

"Is there any difference between the wonders of heaven and earth that have entered ten thousand years?" Mu Yingying suddenly interjected at this time.

"Yes, I have."

"The wonders of heaven and earth, as long as they step into ten thousand years, will accept the baptism of catastrophe."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After passing through, not only will the strength be greatly improved, but it will also be able to enter the ten thousand year level in an instant."

"After 10,000 years of calamity, then its strength is as strong as a human being to fight a star."

"But after 20,000 years, we will have to transcend the catastrophe again. One catastrophe is more dangerous than the other. The solution to this is to choose to convert to human beings when transcending the catastrophe."

"However, after converting to human beings, the spirituality of the original wonders of heaven and earth will be inherited. Although it is no different from ordinary humans, if it is easily discovered by other humans, I am afraid..." Xiao Yan said that there was suddenly no voice here.

"Afraid of what?" Mu Yingying asked.

"After the wonders of heaven and earth are converted to human beings, they will no longer survive the calamity. It is the same cultivation as human beings, but the spirituality of the wonders of heaven and earth itself is preserved."

"In other words, even if this Heavenly King Ginseng is successfully converted to human beings, his blood and even his body still contain the spirituality of Heavenly King Ginseng. Think about it, if a thousand-year-old King Ginseng is discovered... "Xiao Yan shook his head.

"I see." Mu Yingying nodded her head when she heard the words, and then stopped talking.

After all, what Xiao Yan just said was very clear. After heaven and earth are transformed into human beings, they will inherit their original spirituality. To a certain extent, this is both a joy and a worry.

The happy thing is that after the wonders of heaven and earth are converted to human beings, they not only have all the benefits of human beings, but also inherit their own spirituality from the past, and the speed of cultivation is not to mention how fast.

The worry is that the strength of human beings will be greatly reduced if the wonders of heaven and earth have just been converted into human beings. If others find out their true identity, I am afraid they will only make dowries for others in vain. Ten thousand years ago, the strength was comparable to the level of human beings fighting immortals.

"What the **** are these guys doing?" Not far from Xiao Yan's group Wang Xie and Guni were slowly lurking, apparently the two had been following Xiao Yan for a while.

"I don't know, but this silver light curtain smells like an enchantment." Wang Xie said with vigilance in his eyes.

"Boundary?" Gunny was surprised when he heard the words.

"It's indeed a barrier, and looking at the strength of this barrier, I'm afraid it's not comparable to an ordinary barrier." Guni probed the silver light curtain the next moment, but the message to Guni was in this way.

At this time, the two were hiding behind a huge stone, but not far from the two, the scene was extremely huge, and a silver light curtain appeared about tens of meters.

"Okay." After a while, Tian Wang Shen smiled slowly.

"I can't tell, this barrier is pretty solid?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something.

Based on Xiao Yan's perception, he naturally knew that this barrier was cast by Tianwangshen with the help of some other things.

"The two of you will adjust, and let me know when you're done."

"I want to lead out the catastrophe." After Tian Wangshen finished speaking, he ran errands left and right, and then stopped talking.

"The two of you will be careful for a while, this catastrophe is extremely terrifying, don't be affected." Xiao Yan did not forget to instruct the two daughters, then closed his eyes and rested himself, ready to strike at any time.

Mu Yingying and Yueru looked at each other and didn't do anything, but walked aside very wisely. They all knew that the movement these two guys made might not be small.