Chapter 344: The reason for the demise of the Tianmu fish family!

"嘁偁嘁!" The three of them also came to the exit of the nine passages, then looked at each other, and immediately chose one passage a day to go away!

Because there is a Fish Origin Stone in the passage every day!

The Yuyuan Stone and the nine-pattern goldfish in his hand are enough to open the way of selection!

The Yuyuan Stone is like a purgatory in which guardians are imprisoned, and the nine-patterned goldfish in his hand is the key.

The power contained in the fish source stone in each channel is very large, and the amount of power released is related to the goldfish taken away. Xiao Yan holds this nine-patterned goldfish in his hand, which will undoubtedly be the most powerful one!

"Master, is this nine-patterned goldfish really sure..." Xiao Yan stepped into a passage and immediately asked in his own body!

According to Xiao Yan's own estimation, he should have the power to fight against the six-patterned goldfish or the seven-patterned goldfish, but this is the most powerful nine-patterned goldfish, to be honest, even if Xiao Yan has an immortal body and a huge body Xiao Yan's soul power and the power of strange fire, Xiao Yan has no certainty at all, but just now his master Jinlongwang also spoke, which obviously has the method and reason of the master.

"Hehe, outsiders only know that there are nine supreme powers from the Tianmuyu clan, but they have nothing of their names or something more important."

"Do you know why the Tianmuyu clan fell?" The Golden Dragon King's soul body also slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's body, and then laughed.

"I don't know..." Xiao Yan also shook his head while rushing on his way.

"I know a little vaguely, because once the Tianmuyu clan and the Xuanling royal family were enemies in the world." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also appeared slowly in the silent passage.

"The enemy of the world?" As soon as the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, fell, Xiao Yan opened his mouth wide in surprise, looking inconceivable!

"The enemy of the world?"

"impossible……"

"There is no ocean in Xuansan Santian, so how could the Tianmuyu clan be the enemies of the Xuanling royal family?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

"Haha, do you still remember the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family?" The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"Underground Palace..." Xiao Yan did remember something when he heard this.

It seems that Xiao Yan felt an extremely damp feeling when he entered the first floor of the underground palace.

That feeling is like being in the ocean thousands of meters deep!

Because only after years of soaking in water can such a humid environment be formed!

"This Xuanling royal family is ruthless. Back then, there was an underground river in the middle of Xuantian San, called Changshuihai!"

"The Changshui Sea undulates and spreads over a distance of hundreds of miles in the middle of Xuantiantian, and Tianmuyu also lives in it. The Tianmuyu family has always advocated peace, so they rarely fight with people."

"However, it is strange to say that this long water and sea inhabits and lurks underground. It is a veritable underground river!"

"I remember that the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family had just arrived in the middle of the Xuantian Santian. I don't know why there was a conflict with the Tianmuyu clan. After trying to compete for the mountains with the strong Qi of the Nine Emperors, he came to the Xuanling Royal Family to open the door. Zong Li faction!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"However, at that time, the existence of this sea of ​​water was discovered, and the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family summoned many powerful people to slaughter the sea!"

"That battle was fought under the ground, and it was dark and dark. Even now, only a few people know about it. In the ocean with hundreds of miles of water and sea, all the creatures in the ocean were killed by the powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family!"

"In the end, the nine most powerful Tianmuyu who lived in the Changshui Sea did not hesitate to sacrifice their lives to display the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Array, which severely damaged the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family."

"After eradicating the creatures living in the Changshui Sea, the Xuanling Royal Family invited the great power to fill the Changshui Sea with soil, and then spent decades building this huge underground palace."

"After killing all the aquatic creatures in the Changshui Sea, the Xuanling Royal Family also gained a huge amount of wealth, and the wealth comes from the creatures in the Changshui Sea."

"It is no exaggeration to say that the Xuanling Royal Family can have its current scale and huge formation, and it is inseparable from the huge wealth of the Tianmuyu family." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"This Xuanling royal family is really terrifying..." Xiao Yan also shook his head. From what he knew, the Xuanling royal family seemed to be secretly planning something.

Because the relationship between the Xuanling royal family and their Incense Pavilion is also like water and fire, plus the Medusa family is pressing step by step, the Xuanling royal family seems to have a big move.

"Hehe, although this Xuanling royal family is extremely vicious, it is better than he has enough strength to shock those who have evil intentions, so even if most people know what the Xuanling royal family is doing, they can only turn a blind eye. One eye, after all, no one wants to die." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"In the end, you still need strength..." Xiao Yan also shook his head, but he didn't feel discouraged, the Xuanling royal family would settle accounts with them sooner or later.

Not for anything else, just because the Xuanling royal family once ambushed their teacher Zhu Lao.

"It's here." Xiao Yan also murmured.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also squatted down and stared at the irregular fish source stone.

The Yuyuan Stone is located in the center of the passage, and it is very hard. No matter how magical Xiao Yan is, it will not move at all.

When Xiao Yan squatted down, the nine-pattern goldfish in Xiao Yan's hand was also very close to the Fish Origin Stone, and the nine-pattern goldfish also emitted a burst of silver light.

"This...how do I open it..." Xiao Yan also found out that this fish source stone had some connection with the nine-pattern goldfish in his hand after looking at it But it couldn't be opened no matter what, and it was sinking immediately. sound.

"This is simple."

"You pour vindictive energy into the nine-pattern goldfish, and then attach the nine-pattern goldfish to the top of the fish source stone." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan responded, and then the milky white flame vindictive energy poured into the nine-patterned goldfish!

"Bang bang bang!" As the nine-pattern goldfish was filled with Xiao Yan's milky white flame fighting qi, a breath like a sleeping giant dragon slowly emanated from the nine-pattern goldfish.

"Go!" Xiao Yan also held down the nine-patterned goldfish exuding an extremely large breath in his hand, and then slowly walked towards the Fish Origin Stone on the ground.

The nine-pattern goldfish and the fish source stone just came into contact with each other, and they immediately emitted a very dazzling light. Then the next moment, the nine-pattern goldfish seemed to come alive, swimming happily towards the fish source stone.

When the nine-pattern goldfish was facing the Yuyuan Stone, a huge breath on the Yuyuan Stone also slowly fell off, and then a figure was formed in front of Xiao Yan.

The figure's straight figure set off his unique long black hair, but on the palms and soles of his feet, there seemed to be something connecting his fingers and toes.

What's even more bizarre is that the pupil of this figure...

He has eyes like fish! ! !

It is even exactly the same as the fish pupil that is lacking on the nine-striped goldfish!

Ask for tickets!