Chapter Vol 4 1977: I will return the holy flame to you!

"Huuuuu!" The footprints of the four elephants stepped down directly, and the countless powers around Xiao Yan's body disintegrated in an instant.

"Xiao Clan's Patriarch, you are really harmful." Xiao Yan was surrounded by countless smoke and dust, and with the protection of the five-color holy flame, Xiao Yan still had an aura of powerlessness.

"Crack!" Without waiting for Xiao Yan to make any move, the huge footprints directly stomped on Xiao Yan's vital points.

"Crack and crisp!"

In an instant, all the defenses in Xiao Yan's body were in vain, and instantly disappeared, and Xiao Yan's body was directly kicked upside down by such a terrifying kick, the ground crumbled up, and the huge force directly pressed Xiao Yan. Hundreds of meters into the ground!

Even on Xiao Yan's body, dozens of ribs were broken, blood spilled from the corners of his mouth, eyes, ears and nose, and a heart-wrenching pain filled Xiao Yan's body, even his soul collapsed heavily, obviously injured. not light.

"Hum!" At the same time, the most mysterious immortal power in Xiao Yan's body rushed out, directly facing these fatal points in Xiao Yan's body. The power of immortality and immortality is enough to make Xiao Yan truly immortal, and something like this It also has a very fast healing effect.

"Go back to me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan forcibly endured the terrifying pain and snorted coldly.

I have finally won their trust. At this time, the immortal power has repaired the scars on my body. What is the matter?

Wasn't all that he suffered just now wasted in vain?

"Susu." So shocked by Xiao Yan, the mysterious power of immortality and immortality entered Xiao Yan's body, dormant, and only protected a trace of Xiao Yan's origin, even if Xiao Yan was completely destroyed, as long as there is a trace of power To exist is to be reborn!

"Xiao Yan!"

"Xiao Yan!!"

"Xiao Yan!!!" Just when Xiao Yan finished everything, Su Xueying's sad voice sounded, and immediately fell directly from the 100-meter huge pit on the top of the mountain, looking for Xiao Yan.

"I..." Xiao Yan let out a weak voice, and just wanted to twist his body, but found that his body couldn't move. If such a serious wound were moving, I'm afraid Xiao Yan's life would be in danger.

"You!" Su Xueying came here following Xiao Yan's weak voice, her red eyes once again received an extremely strong visual impact!

Today's Xiao Yan sleeps flat on a rock at the bottom of the giant pit, his entire body is welded to it, bloodstains appear on his chest, his flesh is blurred, and he can clearly see the **** ribs are broken. Open, and its ankles and even arms are riddled with holes!

"I...I...I'm fine."

"Also... there is one more move." Xiao Yan's eyes were closed, and he said weakly.

"Xiao Yan... woo woo." At this moment, Su Xueying could no longer hold back the anger and sadness in her body, and crystal clear tears appeared on top of her bright red eyes.

"Hey..." After the rest, Feng Wan'er brought everyone down here directly, and muttered to Su Xueying, who was crying into tears, and Xiao Yan, who was like a **** man.

"Mother, leave it to me." At this time, behind Feng Wan'er, a middle-aged woman with a rather haggard face said slightly.

"Qian Lao, Xiao Yan will ask you, please save him." Su Xueying said earnestly.

"En." Qian Rui heard the words, nodded lightly, and an energy barrier emerged to protect the two.

Although everyone in the outside world didn't know what happened, no one left. They all stood there dumbfounded, silently praying for Xiao Yan, and in the light group, Xiao Yan's breath was slowly recovering.

"Xue'er, what's the matter with you?" As the matter ended, Feng Wan'er asked out of her mouth. Obviously, this girl's actions towards Xiao Yan were beyond her expectations.

"Mother, Xiao Yan is the descendant of the Xiao clan I met when I went out to fetch the blood of the emperor..." Su Xueying's lips slowly squirmed, and she recounted the scenes of the year, but she did not say much about the black and white yin and yang heart. Funny scene.

"It turns out that this guy is a descendant of the origin of the Xiao family, no wonder he is so determined."

"It's really a good seedling." Feng Wan'er heard this and couldn't help but admire her, but Feng Wan'er found out that Xiao Yan didn't seem to be complete.

Although this is just a small discovery by Feng Wan'er, it is not enough to explain anything, but seeing her lover's appearance of being so infatuated with Xiao Yan, she can't help but worry.

Because Feng Wan'er was extremely afraid, Xiao Yan was already a family member. In that case, her beloved disciple would be afraid...

However, Feng Wan'er was worried that she was wrong, because Su Xueying did not have any unreasonable thoughts about Xiao Yan, but in the future, with the help of Xiao Yan, Su Xueying also controlled the Demon Sword of the Demon Realm and became a guardian in the future. The strongest!

The King of Demon Swords, the Fragrant Snow Emperor!

Of course, that's all for later.

As time passes, it will be more than a month.

In a month's time, except for Su Xueying, the other powerhouses have dispersed to clean up their homes. Unfortunately, because of several battles, the entire enchantment has collapsed, and it is no longer available for people to live in. I'm afraid these guys can only go out to find a place to live.

"Mother, this place has been abandoned and can no longer be lived in. I'm afraid we should make plans earlier." On a cliff, black hole cracks continued to emerge, Mo Ze asked in a low voice.

"Let the other strong leaders go back to their respective sects to organize their strength. I'm afraid we will need their strength soon." Feng Wan'er shook her head as she had expected.

"But in this case, there are only eight of us guardians..." Mo Ze said.

"Eight people are just eight people. As long as this last bloodline is not cut off, it will be worthy of the ancestors." Feng Wan'er murmured.

"Crash!" In an instant, the energy of the entire sky suddenly became turbulent again, and immediately a rather impressive energy emerged.

"This is... Xiao Yan's breath?"

"This breath has broken through the late stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals?" Mo Ze was surprised.

"Let's go." Feng Wan'er nodded lightly, and the two flew towards the Peak Plaza.

"What are you doing?" At this time, on the top of the mountain, Er Dao woman and Xiao Yan stood still, and in the woman's hand, two prism-shaped crystal blocks emerged, and even a stubborn stubbornness to the bones emerged. .

"Let go!"

"This is what we are protecting for you. Since you have woken up safely, then I will return these two holy flames to you!" Su Xueying said with a serious face at this time.

"I said auntie, don't make trouble."

"You all have merit without hard work. Besides, if you forcibly peel off the two holy flames, how much your strength has regressed, and even your source has been damaged. I am afraid that in the future..." Xiao Yan hurriedly comforted.

I'm darling, I just came back from the gate of hell, and I haven't had time to be complacent because of my strength breaking through to the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. Is this Su Xueying doing this for herself again?

And the most unexpected thing for Xiao Yan is that these two holy flames are actually the fire of inheritance that the Xiao clan guards. At the beginning, they were restless, and the guards could only devour themselves in order to prevent them from being discovered by foreign evil clans and other forces. , is also a last resort.

However, after swallowing it all, Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't let it be stripped out. The price of stripping away the holy flame was too huge.

Although it is a pity to lose the two sacred flames inherited from the Xiao clan, it is fortunate that I have received the forgiveness of the guardian. This trip has not come for nothing!

Of course, the most important part is the mysterious stone in the center of the square, which is probably the biggest secret guarded by the guardian!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: