Chapter Vol 4 1106: 4 not like?

"asshole……"

"Stop for Lao Tzu!" When Xiao Yan noticed the emergence of this power, his face became ashen!

According to his own perception, Xiao Yan knew that if this power flowed through his body, he would have enough confidence to break through the Dou Di and successfully advance to Dou Xian!

But Xiao Yan didn't want to!

After Mu Yingying sacrificed, Xiao Yan's strength soared from the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor to the first-rank Nine-Star Dou Emperor, and after swallowing the Ghost Face Soul Flame, Xiao Yan's strength soared to the peak of the Dou Emperor!

Such a rapid increase in strength is a good thing for the moment, but if you take a long-term view, this is definitely a bad thing!

After all, having such a tyrannical power soared in a short period of time, I am afraid it will leave quite a lot of sequelae. The fighting spirit in the body is floating, and fighting with people will become a disadvantage. Therefore, Xiao Yan naturally did not dare to rashly advance to Dou Xian for the sake of his future limit.

And there is one more major question.

Bucket core.

The reason why Dou Xian strong is different from Dou Di strong is because Dou Xian strong integrates the power of life and death in the body perfectly, compresses Dou Qi sea to form Dou Core, no matter the strength or recovery of Dou Qi, they are far from Dou Di. Comparable!

However, the Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body has long since disappeared, so how does Xiao Yan compress the Dou Qi Sea? Not to mention the condensed bucket core!

If he didn't know what happened to the flame beast and his disappearing Dou Qi Sea, if he was promoted to Dou Xian rashly at this time and accidentally failed to condense Dou Xian, he might have serious sequelae. Xiao Yan knew that he still had many secrets. There is no solution, and the premise of detecting these secrets is sufficient strength.

Therefore, Xiao Yan weighed and chose the power that temporarily stabilized at the peak of Dou Di at this time, but although Xiao Yan thought so in his heart, things did not go as he wished.

"Damn..."

"Such a huge power, if I don't absorb it, it will be wasted..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But the vanishing vindictiveness and flame beasts can't be absorbed rashly. How can this be good..."

"Is it possible to release waste like this?"

"Such a huge amount of flame energy, even if it is released in the holy flame space, this holy flame space will probably be broken in an instant..." Xiao Yan has a lot of thoughts, and he kept thinking about how to solve it in a short time. Obviously, the palms and backs of the hands are full of flesh. to be inseparable.

"Damn, there is no way..."

"For the sake of the future, it can only be released temporarily. It's just a pity that the Holy Flame Space is such a good place." Xiao Yan's heart flickered with regret, and then he mobilized his huge soul power and prepared to start.

"Weng buzzing." And Xiao Yan's soul power just surged, and suddenly a huge figure appeared directly in the holy flame space.

"What?" And Xiao Yan was shocked, this sacred flame space is his own territory, when did other creatures enter.

A huge back close to fifty meters directly enveloped Xiao Yan. Following the huge shadow, Xiao Yan raised his head with some difficulty, but exclaimed, "Flaming beast?"

Exactly!

What just emerged was the flame beast that slept soundly after licking the holy flame crystal before. The flame beast had swallowed some of the holy flame power and was about to sleep soundly, but he felt the huge amount of energy in Xiao Yan's body. After the energy of Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan's emotions, he opened his pupils again. After all, this guy knew that Xiao Yan was a safe haven for his own family. If something happened to Xiao Yan, I was afraid that he would not be able to sleep well in the sea of ​​vindictiveness.

And Xiao Yan remembered that when his strength was weak back then, this flaming beast was hundreds of feet in size. At this time, his strength reached the peak of Dou Di, and this guy was only about fifty feet.

And what puzzled Xiao Yan the most was that this guy could actually come out of his sea of ​​vindictiveness?

As if the sea of ​​vindictive energy in his body is this guy's home, it can come in and out freely.

"Ow!" Just as the flaming beast poured out of Xiao Yan's sea of ​​vindictive energy, it lowered its head, twenty-three colors of gorgeous flames emerged from the gorgeous hair on its body, and roared at Xiao Yan.

That feeling was roaring away at the fierce power in Xiao Yan's body, as if saying, "Baby wants to eat..."

"You want to devour it?" Xiao Yan was struggling to suppress the tyrannical power in his body at this time, and because of the mysterious connection between the soul power and the flame beast, Xiao Yan could sense its intention.

"Hmmmm!" The flame beast heard the words, and nodded desperately with its huge head.

"This power is enough to make me break through the Dou Di. It's so huge, you'll be fine, right?" Although Xiao Yan didn't know the origin of the flame beast, since the birth of Dou Qi in his body, it must have been related to the strange fire in his body and It was related to grudge, so I lost my mind for a while.

"Ow!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was puzzled, and immediately roared at Xiao Yan gently, indicating dissatisfaction, and then shook his head desperately, as if saying, "I'm still growing, I'll be fine if I eat it. ."

"Okay." Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile when he saw that the flame beasts were like living treasures.

"Get out of here!" The next moment, within Xiao Yan's body, the tyrannical aura of the peak of Dou Di burst out suddenly, and Fen Jue also spun at a high speed in an instant, and even faintly spread a pool of blue-blue liquid slowly. squeezed out.

Such a bluish-blue liquid is impressively the huge energy produced by the two kinds of holy flames under the burning process.

"Huhuhu." Just as the blue-blue liquid was expelled from the body, Xiao Yan's pupils also flickered with a tinge of pain. Obviously, if it wasn't for the sea of ​​fighting qi, this time Xiao Yan would directly break through the Dou Emperor and become Dou Xian.

"Little guy, this time, it will be cheaper for you." Xiao Yan lightly patted the flame beast's forehead with his palm, and then the flame beast was quite docile.

However, Xiao Yan smelled the smell of twenty-three different types of fire from the flame beast.

"Hoohoho!" After a short while, the flame beast broke free from Xiao Yan, and then although the mouth and nose shook, a tyrannical suction force appeared directly in front of the two, and immediately sent the blue-green energy that was enough to advance to Dou Xian powerhouse. The blue liquid is absorbed into the bodyCrash! "The blue-blue liquid just poured into the body of the flaming beast, and immediately twenty-three brilliant flames emerged from the flaming beast at the same time, suppressing the blue-blue liquid.

"Ula Ula!" After the flame beast devoured the blue-blue liquid, it seemed to make a rather humanized voice.

"Wouldn't it be holding on?" And Xiao Yan looked at the crisis in his body and resolved it. For some reason, a sentence popped into his mind.

"Huhu." After a while, the twenty-three gorgeous flames on the flame beast slowly digested the blue-blue liquid, and at the same time, there seemed to be something on the forehead of the flame beast. Something faintly came out, but it was too vague, even Xiao Yan didn't pay too much attention.

"This guy is like a unicorn but not a unicorn, like a tiger but not a tiger, like a cow but not a cow, like a wolf but not a wolf..."

"Could it be... the four dissimilarities?" Xiao Yan was quite depressed when he saw that this flaming beast had the body of a unicorn, the head of a tiger, the tail of a wolf, and the hooves of an ox.

However, thinking that it would help him to relieve the crisis, he immediately returned to the sea of ​​fighting qi to sleep peacefully, but Xiao Yan could feel it. After swallowing the blue-blue liquid, it seemed that the flaming beast was undergoing some rare transformation at this time. , If it is in the wake of the awakening, I am afraid that earth-shaking changes will occur.

flame beast

four different

This guy is related to Emperor Tuo Shegu

Today, there are more than 10,000 rewards

Three shifts today