Chapter Vol 4 1273: The auction house is in charge!

Leicheng Auction House, this is the largest auction house in the entire Eastern Continent. They auctioned a complete range of items, ranging from the scrolls of rare treasures to fighting skill scrolls, down to the dead corpses of strange people.

However, it is precisely because there are too many auctions of this kind, which undoubtedly arouses the dissatisfaction of the residents of Leicheng. They think that the people of the auction house are indecent, so they want to let the City Lord's Mansion manage it. However, the City Lord's Mansion has warned them several times, but It doesn't help. I'm afraid there are some big figures behind them, but as long as they don't touch the bottom line of Thunder Valley, obviously they will be fine.

"Sir, what help do you need?" Xiao Yan had just stepped into the auction house, and suddenly dozens of maids with beautiful faces, with professional smiles on their cheeks, stood side by side, obviously every guest who came in. , will be received by one of the maids.

"I need some medicinal herbs." Xiao Yan did not shy away, and said directly, because he knew that although these maids only received guests, their professionalism over the years allowed them to identify the identities of the guests at a glance, and thus decide who to receive. degree.

"I don't know what medicinal herbs your lord needs?" The maid at the outermost hurried up when she heard this, but she could only, Xiao Yan came to buy the medicinal herbs, she couldn't help but her voice became joyful, and she couldn't help but wink. , said secretly.

"Cough, cough." Xiao Yan didn't go on to say what herbs he needed. After all, he was hungry, so he just coughed.

"Sir, please come with me." The maid leaked a hint of apology after Xiao Yan's words, obviously just lost her mind by Xiao Yan's words, but the next moment, the graceful maid directly guided Xiao Yan, and then turned towards Xiao Yan. Go to the depths of the auction house.

"Sir, please come in." After walking for a while, the maid said sweetly after walking through several intricate alleys.

"Squeak." The door was gently pushed open, and a rather quiet wing appeared at that time.

"Sir, just tell me the herbs you need." The maid smiled, but this maid kept secretly escorting her. Obviously, in the face of a guest of Xiao Yan's level, even doing some indecent things is fine, provided that Is to take out enough reward.

"I need heart-suppressing grass, thousand-year-old cold iron, ten-thousand-year mysterious ice, deep-sea reef mud." Xiao Yan said softly.

"What?" The maid, who was still smiling, couldn't help but look shocked when she heard the words. She has been a maid who has received guests for many years, and she naturally knows that buying medicinal materials is related to the millennium. The category that can be received, as for the things that have lasted for ten thousand years, it is even less than what he can receive.

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan had already seen the maid's expression, but he didn't break it, so he cast a glance and said.

"Sir, wait a moment, I'll ask the steward to receive you." After the maid finished speaking, she ran out in a panic. She knew that this time, it seemed to be a big fish!

"I am afraid there is a lot of tyrannical aura in this auction house. With my fairyland soul, I can't perceive the specific situation here." Watching the maid leave, Xiao Yan couldn't help mobilizing his soul power to try to explore an auction. is unsuccessful.

When it was time for a cup of tea, an old man walked in slowly.

"This lord is in charge of the next auction house. If you have any needs, you can tell me." A mature and stable old man walked towards him.

The old man had been dressed in white all his life, and at first glance he knew that he was a respectable person in this auction house, and his strength, according to Xiao Yan's guess, might have reached the level of a three-star fighting immortal.

"I don't need to repeat the medicinal materials I need, right?" Xiao Yan smiled slightly, but with the protection of the black robe and soul power, he was not afraid that others would discover his true colors.

"Hey, my lord, there are very few medicinal herbs you need, even in our auction house." Mr. Luo, obviously an old fox, laughed. The implication is that we have these medicinal herbs, but you can take them out. Is it enough price?

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As long as there are these things, the price is easy to negotiate." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a dazzling soul force emerged directly.

"What a tyrannical soul power... Could it be that your lord is an alchemist?" Luo Guanshi is powerful, so naturally he is not afraid of Xiao Yan's soul power, but after sensing it, his brows are also wrinkled.

"That's right." Xiao Yan nodded, revealing that he was an alchemist, because he was relieved for this old guy.

"Sir, we happen to have two kinds of medicinal herbs that you need." Manager Luo struggled for a while, and said slowly.

"I don't know which two types it is?" Xiao Yan heard the words, but his expression gradually became nervous. It seems that this Leicheng auction house is indeed the largest in the entire East Continent.

"Heart-suppressing grass, deep-sea reef mud." Director Luo said with a smile.

"Then I'll trouble Manager Luo." When Xiao Yan heard this, he didn't show other emotions on the surface, but behind the scenes he was happy!

To devour the undead fire requires undead leaves and a fifth-grade immortal-level medicinal pill, the Ice Profound Pill, and now Xiao Yan already has the Immortal Leaf and the Immortal Nether Sparrow, but the materials for the Bing Profound Pill have not yet been collected.

However, Xiao Yan made up his mind secretly that he must collect the materials before the competition in the four continents. After entering the Li Soul Realm, he will refine the Ice Profound Pill, so that he can be sure to absorb the fire of immortality. Otherwise, if there is no preparation, even this Timeless Fire appeared in front of Xiao Yan Xiao Yan could only give up.

After all, according to the Lord of Soul Eater, the top 20 and top 10 holy flames are not to be underestimated.

"Please wait a moment, my lord, and I'll go down and fetch it for you." After Mr. Luo finished speaking, Zaidu and Xiao Yan were polite, and then went down.

"Mr. Luo, the identity of this guy is extremely mysterious, do you want to investigate it?" Not long after Director Luo left Xiao Yan, a shadow suddenly appeared in front of him and said.

"Don't need it for the time being. The soul power he just released is enough to show this guy's identity as an alchemist, and a pharmacist is an extremely rare species in our Eastern Continent, so don't disturb him."

"However, the medicinal materials this guy needs are so expensive. Could it be that they are refining medicinal herbs of the fifth-grade immortal rank?"

"But in the entire Eastern Continent, there are only two pharmacists at the fifth-rank immortal rank, and I am quite familiar with their disciples. I have never heard that they have other disciples." Manager Luo shook his head and said. .

"Susu." After Steward Luo finished speaking, the shadow also slowly retreated.

"Forget it, let's take out the medicinal materials first, otherwise it would be bad for this guy to wait for a long time."

"Perhaps this kid was taught by a hidden powerhouse. After all, the ratio of East Continent is imminent, and there are many powerhouses in Leicheng." After speaking, Director Luo went straight to the warehouse.

. m.

​​

←

→ →

​​