Chapter Vol 4 2152: The legendary land of the big 0 world, the way of the gods! ...

"Just... just lost like that?"

Gu Xingtian has a keen sense of smell, looking at the sky, the dim golden blood flowing from the demon spear circulated on the Pope, almost instantly, all the attacks and defenses of Pope Miphael were shattered, and even the breath of life on his body was flying at the same time. Declining.

That feeling is like a weak, pitiful and helpless ant trying to provoke the Supreme God, and was strangled with one hand.

Unbelievable expressions appeared on the cheeks of countless people at the same time, and the expressions were hard to add.

"God's way?"

"God's way??"

"The Way of God!!!"

Miffel couldn't care about the scars in his body, he lowered his head suddenly, and looked at the half of the energy demon spear pierced into his body, a trace of extremely dim golden blood constantly circulated in his body, the icy touch of death. , it was the first time that he felt that his power as high as the fifth reincarnation level was so ridiculous.

Even at the fifth level, when faced with this trace of golden blood, they can only be silent and submissive, and dare not express any disobedience!

No matter how tyrannical the holy power of light he controls, he will not be able to dispel this golden divine power!

He knows that the demon emperor's strength is no longer at the fifth and sixth levels, and he also knows the source of this golden blood. The power of these two levels of attacks is endless, there is no cure in this world, and then wait for himself Yes, I am afraid it will only be the end of destruction.

Originally, the victory was in hand, but because of the word "God's Way" of the demon emperor, the conspiracy that he had carefully planned was disintegrated by him. The endless anger was unable to cause any waves, just like a dying man roaring fiercely. .

"You actually stepped into the path of God!"

"Ah ah ah!"

A ferocious voice emerged from Miffel's mouth. At this time, he was in a turmoil, and he didn't have the demeanor that a pope should have. .

"There are only a few strong people who have stepped into the path of God, even in the Great Thousand World."

"Our strength is not at the same level."

"Let's end this farce like this."

After the demon emperor finished speaking, he raised his palm, and the profound green demon light swept out like a tide, vaguely turning into green flames, lingering around Miffel, with a strand of golden blood from the energy demon gun, counting With all kinds of means, the Pope's life and power are rapidly weakening.

In a few minutes, this mighty pope will probably fall completely.

In this way, the light power, angel wings and faith power that slowly dissipated all over his body did not overflow at all, and was completely burned by the green flames, and his vitality was bleak.

The two are so stalemate in the sky, but everyone knows that this seems to be the most fierce battle, and the process before and after is so brief?

Looking at the above, there was an uproar below.

"The way of God..."

"what is that?"

Xiao Yan's huge soul power naturally listened to the conversation above the sky, but when he heard these two words for the first time, it seemed that the heart in the body began to beat violently. As well as Di Yanjie, Fen Jue and the others became restless together.

These two words seem to have some kind of special magic power. Once they appear, they will cause a monstrous wave in my mind!

"God's way."

"It was a catastrophe and a fortune."

"Before talking about this, you must be clear about the division of power in reincarnation."

"In reincarnation, there are three types of reincarnation powers that are well known."

"One is like the Holy See angels who use angel wings or the power of faith to improve their strength and step into reincarnation. This kind of improvement will lead to the fact that the strength is useless, so the kingdom of angels is also one of the reasons for the low combat effectiveness. It is the use of inferior means such as medicinal pills to improve strength, these two levels of reincarnation strength are the weakest among the reincarnation steps, and they are extremely floating."

"Usually the first level of reincarnation may not be able to beat the ordinary, steady and steady touch reincarnation powerhouse."

"As for the third type, people like Gu Xingtian and others, with a very solid foundation, have spent thousands of years cultivating and comprehending, and the powers of luck have broken through. The two powers have real weight in the Great Thousand World, and they are also extremely powerful existences."

At this moment, Liu Yun changed her previous cowardice and seemed to be a different person.

"God's way."

"That's the fourth type, and it's also the strongest being in reincarnation."

"Those who have stepped into the path of God have undergone some mysterious and special change in the power of reincarnation in their bodies. The trace of golden blood in the body of a demon emperor is the best proof."

"Their power is above any ordinary reincarnation, and they are invincible at the same level."

"If the demon emperor is now at the fifth level, if he uses all the power of reincarnation, it may be enough to crush the sixth level."

"It's not a problem to cooperate with the magic weapon of the demon world and the seventh level."

"In reincarnation, the difference of the first order is like a gulf, but the power of the divine way can make up for it."

"The so-called Divine Road, no one knows where it is, even the Demon Emperor and others who have stepped into the Divine Road."

"The origin of Shenlu seems to be due to the catastrophe of the Great Thousand Worlds."

"Because they failed after entering the way of the gods, although they gained some benefits in the way of the gods, but after the failure, the memory of the way of the gods was erased and thrown out... Only one of your ancestors of the Xiao family seems to have successfully stepped through. The way of the gods has become the mansion of the gods."

Liu Yun said a lot on and off, but it brought Xiao Yan an unprecedented visual impact feast.

"Shenlu... God's Mansion?"

Xiao Yan's voice became hoarse, it seems that this kind of thing is too shocking and at the same time too ethereal!

"I don't know any more."

"No one knows what the so-called way of the gods is. Maybe it's a test of the gods, or maybe it's a place where the ruins are created."

"As for what is the way of the gods, when the way of the gods will appear, etc., no one in the world can know."

"Since the first world war in ancient times Shenlu has not been heard from, but at that time, countless creatures from Daqian World stepped into it, trying to get the opportunity to save Daqian World from danger. There are not a few strong people in reincarnation."

"In the end, there were only dozens of people who were crushed by the way of God and erased their memories."

Liu Yun said with a very solemn expression. Obviously, regarding the way of the gods, even the sealed memories in her body are quite vague.

"What about the rest."

Xiao Yan asked.

"If you die, you may stay in the way of God forever."

"Except for the Demon Emperor, the Thunder Lord, and some of the powerhouses from the giant powers such as your ancestors of the Xiao clan, none of the powerhouses who have entered the path of God have survived."

"There are countless creatures who have entered the road of the gods. In the end, only one of your ancestors of the Xiao clan successfully passed through. The one who was crushed by the road of An Ran and obtained the mysterious power is no more than the number of hands."

"Now, you should know how tyrannical the Demon Emperor's strength is... and the crisis your Xiao clan is facing, right?"

Liu Yun whispered to Xiao Yan.

Saying so, Xiao Yan couldn't help but fall into deep thought.

Is there really a divine residence in this world?

If their ancestors of the Xiao clan successfully crossed the divine road and became a divine mansion, why would the battle of the Great Thousand Worlds be so tragic?

Even after the catastrophe is over, will the entire Xiao clan disappear mysteriously?

However, Xiao Yan also knows that no matter whether this is true or not, the deeds of the ancestors of the Xiao clan who crossed the path of gods and became the mansion of the gods eventually angered countless giants in the world!

I'm afraid this is also one of the reasons for the mysterious disappearance of the Xiao Clan!