Chapter Vol 4 1663: Mysterious Ice Realm?

"..." At the bottom of the ice palace, there were only Xiao Yan and Irene left. The two were silent for a while, and they didn't speak, and they didn't know what they were thinking.

"Little Zhuoma, was captured by Mu Wushuang." After a while, Aileen's eyes were filled with self-blame, and she shook her head and said, she was pulling Xiao Zhuoma by herself from beginning to end, but now that she is captured, Irene was naturally more or less conflicted in her heart.

"Mu Wushuang seems to have been following us since he left us... But he is also one of the three powerhouses in Xuantian Temple, why would he let the two powerhouses in the hall be obliterated by us and remain indifferent..."

"Now arresting Xiao Zhuoma, why is this..." Xiao Yan stood beside the ice sculpture in a daze, and frowned as he thought, but there were many broken ice chips left in the ice sculpture, and the inside seemed to be nothing but cold. There is nothing left other than Yuling Bamboo.

"She should be fine, I can vaguely feel the aura on her body, Mu Wushuang seems to be leading her towards the core of the Holy Tan of the Undying." After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, looking outside the Ice Palace the void.

After all, Xiao Yan's current soul power is so tyrannical, without the cover of the fog of immortality, naturally, he can vaguely feel the aura of Xiao Zhuoma.

"She should be fine... and this time it is not certain that she will regain her memory because of this." Xiao Yan murmured.

"You seem to know her details?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, a hint of doubt appeared on Irene's little face.

"I have holy flame, and she seems to have the same fluctuations in her body, but I don't know whether it was born with her or given to her." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

If the gray flame on Xiao Zhuoma is really innate, then this girl is probably really the spirit of the undead flame, and her amnesia may be related to the master of the soul, otherwise, Xiao Zhuoma's Even Xiao Yan didn't know his background.

"Ugh……"

"This girl's life experience is too mysterious, even the teacher doesn't know. Since that's the case, let's go to the core of Undying Saint Tan first."

"I'm afraid a lot of strong people have gathered there at this time." Irene said.

"Hey, don't worry."

"In this ice palace, there is more than just the cold jade and the bamboo." Xiao Yan simply smiled, and just after he finished speaking, he looked at the inside of the broken ice sculpture.

"What's so good?" Irene heard the words, and immediately became interested, and trotted over.

"Look." After Xiao Yan shook for a while, inside the shattered ice sculpture, pieces of exquisite ice pieces only the size of a palm were slowly pulled out by Xiao Yan.

"What a beautiful piece of borneol, this thing..." Looking at the white borneol that was slowly and quietly resting on Xiao Yan's palm, Irene's beautiful eyes flickered, as if she remembered something. starter

"Mysterious Ice Realm?" The next moment, Irene covered her mouth and nose with her little hands and said in a startled voice.

"That's right, if it wasn't for You Er's hurry, I'm afraid it wouldn't be our turn to collect this thing." Xiao Yan had a rare smile on the corner of his mouth. Obviously, this trip to Glacier and Tianhe was not for nothing.

"Mysterious Ice Realm, it is said that this thing can conceal the power to stop the extreme heat, so that the user can stay awake. Although this thing is not as precious as the cold jade bamboo, it is almost the same." Irene smiled happily.

"How many are there?" Irene asked after a while, her toes lightly pointed, and she looked inside the ice sculpture.

"There are six pieces in total."

"This thing should play an extremely crucial role in us entering the core of the Holy Tan of the Undying." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Nuo, half for one person." Xiao Yan was not polite, and directly divided the thing in half.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Seeing Xiao Yan so cheerful, Irene directly handed the three Mysterious Ice Realm tablets to herself, and immediately made up her mind to not hide it from Xiao Yan.

"where to?"

"Could it be that you know the passage to the core of the Undying Sacred Flame?" Xiao Yan had just put away his three Mysterious Ice Realm tablets, and suddenly looked at Irene in surprise.

Although the mysterious effect of the Mysterious Ice Realm is mysterious, it is of little use to a guy like Xiao Yan who has two kinds of holy flames. Therefore, he gave Irene three so generously. It was an unintentional move, but it was unexpected. Eriner was no longer covering up, and decided to take Xiao Yan to the core of the Holy Tan of Undying.

"Of course..." Erin Er smiled.

"That's great, but wait."

"Get out of here!" In an instant, Xiao Yan was shocked, and an extremely weak light was thrown directly onto the ice surface by Xiao Yan.

"Little bastard..." Dusk's voice burst out, and bursts of ferocious roars filled the air.

This guy is Xuanyuan, but at this time, his origin was damaged, his strength was greatly reduced, and he shrank into a dim light, which was quite embarrassing.

"I don't have time to talk to you now, I only have one question for you."

"You are the forces of the Ghost Kingdom?" Xiao Yan asked.

"So what?"

"What if not?"

"Anyway, this trip to the Undying Fire has already been secretly set by that lord, and even you can't get the Undying Fire..."

"When our army arrives in Lihun Territory, the area in Lihun Territory will only be the dead souls of our subordinates."

"Susu." Even if his breath was extremely weak, Xuanyuan sneered and roared.

"Forget it, when there is time to properly interrogate this guy, the battle for the immortal fire is the most important thing now." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, Xuan Yuan's soul source was directly absorbed into his body, and his palms involuntarily clenched tightly.

Xiao Yan secretly remembered what this guy said , but he didn't take it to heart. No matter how strong the Ghost Kingdom was, it would never be half the power of Soul Eater, so Xiao Yan was not worried.

"Hee hee, don't worry, let's go." Seeing Xiao Yan's eyes so solemn, Irene smiled sweetly.

As soon as the voice fell, a ray of silver light suddenly filled his jade hand, and then turned into a stream of light in front of the two. First release https://https://

"This girl really deserves to be taught by the old guy in the underground courtyard." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but look at the black line. If it wasn't for the unintentional loss just now, I'm afraid his current situation would be quite bad.

"Let's go." The two of them didn't hesitate, they directly swallowed a large amount of medicinal pills to restore their vindictive qi, thus stepping into this void passage one step at a time.

And this void passage is obviously given to Irene privately by these great masters from Headmaster Ai, and it can directly connect to the core of the Undying Holy Tan. Law.

This is the pros and cons of idlers and disciples of major forces.

"Weng hum!" With a sound, the void closed, and the place returned to silence, but at this time, the Holy Tan of Undying Fire also seemed to have reached the middle.

At the beginning, the opening of the Holy Tan of the Undying allowed these powerhouses to obtain some treasures on the outermost periphery and treasures enough to protect them from the burning of holy flames, so that they could enter it smoothly.

Now, I am afraid that these powerhouses have collected suitable treasures and headed towards the core of the Holy Tan of the Undying.