Chapter Vol 4 2024: I can give you a chance!

"Evil Scholar..." Xiao Yan's body suddenly trembled, and he stood directly in front of Xun'er, covering up the monstrous evil aura that was coming towards him!

"Welcome to all of you." The evil and charming scholar smiled lightly, and actually got up from the black throne, and immediately bowed his head to Xiao Yan and the others below, with a bookish look, where is there a trace of the king of the evil race from outside the realm? Horror Vision.

"This guy..." Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Xiao Yan looked at each other, the pressure in their hearts increased greatly, it seems that this guy's wisdom is much more arrogant than Blood King Mo.

He and Blood King Mo are also in the eight-star Dou Xian Consummation rank. With this amazing wisdom, I am afraid that the evil and charming scholar is the real scourge!

"Scholar Xie Mei, you have occupied the core of my ancient clan for decades. Today, we have brought the elite of the ancient clan back." Xun'er's lithe voice was particularly pleasant, and it contained a divine aura that purifies all things. Let the body of the soul behind him shake.

"Hehe, Gu Yuan, it seems that among your ancient clan, there are also some good seedlings."

"Since that's the case, then it's up to you to treat them well." Seeing Xun'er's attitude, Xie Mei Scholar was not in a hurry. Sitting on the black throne, he didn't know when there was a feather fan on his palm. Gently inciting, quite enjoying, as if waiting for something.

"Strange, what is that?"

"There are twelve stone pillars on the left and right opposite each other, and the altar is clearly defined on the left and right. There seems to be something in the center of the two thrones?" Xiao Yan's soul power spread out and sensed it away, but after resting, he returned without success.

"Yes, Master." A quiet answer sounded, and then the figure behind the black throne suddenly jumped off the altar, the black robe on his body faded, and a face that was very familiar to the strong people present emerged.

"Patriarch Gu Yuan?"

"How could it be..." Looking at the familiar faces after the black robes were removed, hundreds of ancient powerhouses, including the Peerless Heavenly Emperor, said in unison.

The middle-aged man in front of him had a terrifying aura that stood proudly on his body, slowly filling his body, but now the evil black light surging in his eyes, without a trace of humanity, has been completely controlled by the evil scholar!

"It's really despicable." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but cursed secretly.

"Susu... Gu Yuan is one of my most beloved arts, but don't let me down."

"After all, that's the only way to watch it." The evil scholar pretended to be a mysterious smile. It seems that in his eyes, the power of Xiao Yan and others now is like ants, and he is the real master of this world. Existence is just born to witness the perfect art, and it is their supreme honor to witness and become a part of the perfect art.

"Defeat me, and you will be qualified to challenge my king."

"Otherwise...die!" With a cold snort, circles of black evil light burst out like dark clouds on Gu Yuan's body, and the power contained in it had a faint incomprehensible fluctuation.

That is the fluctuation of reincarnation.

"Demon Emperor!" Seeing such a terrifying dark cloud of energy, Xiao Yan didn't dare to hold back any of his hands. The fire-type fighting core in his body tumbled violently, and countless fighting qi spewed out, forming a thousand-zhang-sized Demon Emperor above everyone's heads. Afterimage, trying to resist the blow.

"Kacha!" The black cloud fell quietly like a star river, and even when it came into contact with Xiao Yan's demon emperor's celestial appearance, there was no obstruction, and cracks emerged from the afterimage of the demon emperor. will fall apart completely.

"Damn..." Feeling Gu Yuan's random blow, Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly, and his body was directly shaken upside down, and the holy flame in his hand squirmed, trying to dissolve this terrifying power.

"Shadow of the Golden Crow!" Xun'er frowned slightly, quite distressed, and the Golden Crow fire shadows circled out, directly meeting the afterimages of the shattered Demon Emperor, and the two joined forces to take Gu Yuan's blow.

"The patriarch of the ancient clan is actually a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Xian who touches the cycle of reincarnation." Xiao Yan waved his hand, and five-colored flames swarmed out. Although the body trembled, the blood of the Xiao family became hot, and the clan lines on the eyebrows slowly sounded, and a touch of strength enough to compete with Gu Yuan was slowly brewing.

"Patriarch Gu Yuan has already touched Samsara, and now he is under the control of the evil scholar, I'm afraid..." Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan looked at each other and said doubtfully.

"Brother Gu Yuan, the command of the army will be handed over to you."

"Me, Xiao Yan and Xun'er must join forces to deal with Patriarch Gu Yuan, then there is a chance of life." After a while, Peerless Heavenly Emperor said with a solemn expression, but now, he can only bite the bullet.

"Okay." Gu Yuan nodded slightly when he heard the words, now that he is weak, but commanding the army is easy for him.

"I'll be the main attack in a while, and Xun'er's patriarch will defend, so Lord Xiao Yan will just wait for the opportunity." The Peerless Heavenly Emperor can only say the same thing now.

"Okay." Xun'er bites her silver teeth, her body undulates violently, her slender hands tightly tug at the corner of her clothes, and even the reincarnation mark between her eyebrows flickers slightly, revealing an endless divine aura.

"Don't use that kind of power, do you hear me?" Xiao Yan took a deep breath, and immediately said to Xun'er in a stern voice, he naturally knew what was going on in this little girl's head.

"But now is an extraordinary time..." At this moment, Xun'er did not have the soft and soft words of the past, but instead started arguing with Xiao Yan.

Now Gu Yuan is too strong, even if the three of them join forces, the odds of winning are less than 10%, not to mention the evil and charming scholars who are eyeing tigers and countless evil people hidden in the ancient city of the sky.

Xun’er has the reincarnation of the fire master of Jiu Xuan. If you force the reincarnation, it will be enough to temporarily have the power to compete with Gu Yuan, but Xun’er knows that she has just obtained the reincarnation seal, and it is not yet unstable. Once it is used, I am afraid that Jiu Xuan will The reincarnation of the Fire Lord will fail completely, and he will also face a lot of backlash.

After all, the reincarnation mark on Xun'er's body is not like Duo Qifei's precipitation over time.

"Trust me."

"Brother Xiao Yan has never let you down... So this time, you can trust me."

"Okay... But if you have any crisis, I will not hesitate to trigger Samsara, even if it is the last burning Samsara."

"Because I'm your wife!" Xun'er nodded solemnly and said righteously.

"Don't worry, leave it to me." Xiao Yan also smiled comfortably, but he could smell a genuine tenderness from Xun'er's voice and solemn appearance. Obviously, she was not just talking. The killer's trump card failed, I'm afraid Xun'er will really be like this...

That kind of action and price is obviously not something Xiao Yan can bear. For a time, Xiao Yan clenched his fist tightly, and a rare power slowly lingered out of his body. How powerful.

That is the unique power of the descendants of the Xiao family, and it is also a power that can only be used by people of the Xiao family. Fortunately, at some special time, Xiao Yan awakened and successfully opened it up. Now a strong enemy has emerged, and the restlessness of the blood has finally made Xiao Yan. I discovered the power of the Xiao clan pattern between my eyebrows!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: