Chapter 182: Explore the mysterious cold pool!

"Okay, if that's the case, then go back. Three days later, we will gather in the square!"

"The points trial will also officially start!" The old man disappeared after he finished speaking.

Everyone on the square also listened to the old man's remaining words with fiery hearts, and then each went to their own residence!

Three days, after three days is the time for the qualifying competition to start!

"Let's go, there's nothing left to remember here." He Wanxia also said something, and then regardless of others, she got up and disappeared from the square.

"In that case, let's go too." Song Cheng also said, and several people next to him nodded one after another.

The people around him who retreated one after another were forming teams one after another, and Mu Feng was also quite enthusiastic: "Xiao Yan, what the elder said about a team of three, why not just use a team of three of us?"

"The top three form a team, that's quite shocking..." Mu Feng said and laughed.

Yueru heard that she was about to say something just now, and then she felt relieved when she saw Xiao Yan's appearance.

"Okay." Xiao Yan also said with a smile, this Mu Feng can be ranked in the top three, naturally he has his outstanding points, and the Infernal Corpse Forest they went to this time, there will definitely be no shortage of monsters, this Mu Feng The technique of yin and yang gossip mastered is extremely powerful.

"Okay, then it's settled!"

"But let me tell you, in terms of strength, I'm only in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di, but when it comes to dealing with ghosts, no one would dare to rank second if I rank first!" Mu Feng also laughed loudly. Has a lot of confidence down there.

"The Dou Di Continent is very large, and the Dou Di Continent is divided into four continents, so there are many strange cultivation methods on the continent, but without exception, Dou Qi is the only keynote of Dou Di Continent. As for me The things of cultivation are also left to the side, but it can’t be said that there are some things that have miraculous effects.” It seemed that Xiao Yan’s brows were wrinkled, as if he was thinking, so he hurriedly said.

"Hahaha." Xiao Yan also laughed at this. He was just thinking about the Infernal Corpse Forest, and he didn't intend to target Mu Feng. Obviously, Mu Feng had misunderstood.

"Let's go, go back first, three days will soon pass." Xiao Yan also said.

Hearing this, the three of them walked towards their residence while talking and laughing.

In the Red Mountain, a conspiracy is slowly fermenting.

In a quiet room, Hongye is sitting there, drinking tea.

"Report, Sect Master!" A voice came from outside the room.

"Come in." Hong Ye also said lightly.

The wooden door of the house was gently pushed open, and a figure covered in a black cloak also appeared.

"Report to the sect master, they held the announcement of the test trials as scheduled, and it will start in three days." The figure in the black cloak bowed respectfully.

"Oh, they didn't cancel this trial, what are these people thinking..."

"I see, let's step back." Hongye also said.

"Hundreds of people went missing in this trial, which is enough to cause a sensation. It stands to reason that this trial should be cancelled and cannot continue. How could Wu Jiang come out like this..."

"Could it be..." After saying that, Hongye's lazy eyes also became clear, and then he left the wooden house, not knowing where to go.

In a dark passage, two figures are moving slowly.

"Where is this!" Hu Du also said softly.

"Shhhhhh!"

"This should be the place where the newcomers disappeared, but why do I feel a little weird..." Wu Jiang also said slowly.

"Be careful!" Hu Du Qing drank, then grabbed his palm viciously towards Wu Jiang's back!

A black figure turned into a gas under Hu Du's claws and evaporated instantly!

"Huh?" Wu Jiang also felt that something was wrong when Hu Du was drinking loudly, and then out of trust in Hu Du, he didn't do anything!

"Why are the ghosts here different from the previous ones..." The two of them gave a false alarm, and then Wu Jiang also said!

Since Wu Jiang found this passage through the secret technique, when the two of them came to this passage, they felt the ghostly aura that was everywhere. With the experience of Wu Jiang and Hu Du, they had naturally dealt with ghosts, so they were familiar with ghosts. some features!

The breath is gloomy and eerie, and it exudes a ghostly aura!

However, although most of the ghosts in this passage are of mediocre strength, because of the strength of the two of them, if you don't notice them carefully, you won't be able to find them.

"What are these ghosts doing..." Wu Jiang also muttered to himself.

"Go!" The two of them also walked slowly, extremely cautiously toward the center of the passage!

This passage extends in all directions, and if you are not careful, you will get lost in it, but fortunately, with Wu Jiang's guidance, the two also encountered some powerful ghosts along the way, but under the strength of Wu Jiang and Hu Du, it is also easy. solve.

With the deepening of the two, they also smoothly came to the center of the passage.

A stone room also appeared in front of the two of them.

The two of them hid their breath, and when they passed through the stone room gently, a cold pond suddenly appeared in front of the two of them!

Taking a closer look, there are two strange auras next to the cold pool. They are the ghost of the secluded spring and the ghost of the ghost.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

One of the ghost spirits was constantly absorbing the black energy in the cold pond, and their strength was also much stronger than what Xiao Yan and the others encountered.

"Damn, it's actually a ghost!" Hu Du also scolded softly, he knew very well that ghosts are quite difficult to deal with!

"Hush hush hush!" Wu Jiang is also comparing his fingers. After all, Wu Jiang is a six-star Dou Di-level powerhouse, so naturally he will not be afraid of these two ghosts, but Wu Jiang felt a strong breath from the cold pool Hey, Youquan, I said earlier that adults will not treat you badly! "

"These improvements in strength are a little reward from your lord for sacrificing ninety-six human beings." Qi Mei also smiled.

"Humph!" Youquan also snorted coldly, no matter what the ghostly spirit said, what he was thinking about now was whether the four who escaped would be a bad thing...

Moreover, it takes 100 humans to break the seal. With the sacrifice of 96 humans, it should still be difficult for the lord in the pool to break the seal.

"Damn beasts!" Wu Jiang and Hu Du looked at each other. From the moment they entered the stone room, they noticed something was wrong. There was some faint human aura in the stone room, but the stronger aura was in the cold pool!

In the cold pond, the blood red is as scarlet as human blood, and traces of black gas continuously poured out of the cold pond, and then all entered the belly of the ghost in the secluded spring. The two of them could feel the breath of the ghost in the secluded spring. is slowly soaring.

"Damn these beasts, that's so many lives..." Hu Du also said in pain.

"I didn't expect things to develop to such a serious level..."

"This matter needs to be discussed in the long run!"

"Let's go!" Wu Jiang also pulled up Hu Du and ran.

"Since you're here, let's stay..."

"A six-star fighting emperor and a five-star fighting emperor." A strange voice in the cold pool also sounded in the stone room!

Ask for a ticket~