Chapter 463: The strange petrified pupil!

"Damn... I didn't expect it to be the petrified pupil of Medusa!"

"How could this petrified pupil of Medusa appear in a higher plane?"

"This is a supreme skill that is enough to threaten Dou Xian or even Dou Shen's powerhouse!" Jiu Cai Tiantian Python said in disbelief!

Obviously, the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python knows a lot about Medusa's petrified pupil.

The nine-colored swallowing python swings its huge snake body. At first, relying on its rapid speed, it was prepared to use its body to resist the force of death, but with the movement of the nine-colored swallowing python, the mysterious woman waved it casually. , in an instant, the offensive issued by the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python will be resolved, and then snorted coldly, an invisible wave instantly shook the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python back a distance of several hundred meters!

"Damn bastard!" Seeing this, the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python was very anxious, and a madness emerged from the snake's pupil full of nine-color power!

The seven-colored swallowing python is extremely proud by nature. Even if it was evolved into the nine-colored swallowing python by this color scale in the original Nine Netherland Nether Python clan, he was quite dissatisfied with the color scale, but fortunately, Xiao Yan was not satisfied with the color. It's meticulous care of the swallowing python made the feeling of the nine-colored swallowing python slowly change towards the color scales.

Jiucai Tiantian Python is a female by nature, and in addition to the indifference of Queen Medusa Cailin, the two of them rarely talked on the Dou Qi Continent. Cailin also did not tell Xiao Yan in order to save unnecessary trouble.

It's just that Cailin was seeing everything the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python did at this time, and the pupils that had just regained some luster were getting wet!

"Color scales!"

"The power of nine colors!" At the critical moment, a terrifying nine-color energy like a seed was instantly peeled off from the body of the nine-color swallowing python!

Then, with the appearance of this nine-colored light energy group, the breath of the nine-colored swallowing python suddenly wilted.

The huge snake mouth of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python swung suddenly, and the terrifying light ball containing the power of nine-color light flew directly towards the place where the color scales were!

When the nine-colored light ball passed, the solidified space suddenly collapsed with an explosion! It's just that with the existence of a mysterious woman, this space has not disappeared.

Seeing this, Cai Lin was quite moved, and she didn't give up immediately. Although she couldn't mobilize her soul power or any trace of grudge, she moved with difficulty.

"Susu... It's actually the power of nine colors. This is your greatest proof as a nine-colored swallowing python. Without this power, the blood of the nine-colored swallowing python alone is not enough to be called nine colors. Swallow the python." The mysterious woman said slowly.

"To shut up!"

"If we are allowed to leave alive, then he will leave you with no bones left in the future!" Jiu Cai Tian Tian Python just finished speaking, it turned into a graceful woman, clutching her chest, and then said with some resentment.

The woman transformed by the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python has short hair and looks quite delicate. The handsome face is combined with that extremely arrogant face, giving people a feeling of invincibility.

The Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python is different from Cailin. Cailin has a serious face, like a snowflake that has never bloomed in ten thousand years, while the woman transformed by the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python has a rather friendly power all over her body. The power is also mixed with an unusually violent arrogance!

"Just stay with me." After the mysterious woman sent out the petrified pupil of Medusa, she instantly resumed her action, and then with a wave of her jade hand, a force full of ten colors of light instantly imprisoned the nine-colored swallowing python woman. stand up.

Seeing this, Jiucai Tiantian Python simply gave up the struggle and sat down cross-legged, taking care of his injury.

"Cough, cough..." It was strange to say that the gray energy full of death power came towards Cailin. At first, it carried a monstrous aura, and even the space directly solidified.

Cai Lin can feel that if he is hit by this power, even a strong fighting immortal will only have his share of fall!

However, as the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python intercepted it, it seemed that the speed of the gray ray became extremely slow.

"A hallucination?" Cai Lin asked in surprise.

After that, Cailin didn't dare to neglect, and directly took over the nine-color power projected by the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!

With the influx of this nine-colored power, Cailin felt a huge force filling his body!

Such terrifying power should be comparable to that of a five-star Dou-di perfect level Dou-Emperor powerhouse!

You must know that the soul power and vindictiveness in Cailin's body are unavailable at this time. The power of this nine-colored swallowing python alone can make Cailin's aura soar to such a degree. If the two join forces, I am afraid that among the same level Invincible!

"Humph!" The strength was restored, and Cailin also brought a monstrous aura, and then the nine-colored rays of light all over his body suddenly met the gray power of death!

"Shabu Shabu!" The gray energy didn't dodge or evade, and it went straight ahead with the nine colors of color scales.

It's just that no matter how huge the force Cailin unleashes to block it, it won't help.

It seems that the gray power of death is not affected by the color scale at all, and it comes directly to the color scale!

"It's almost there..." The mysterious woman said to herself when she saw this.

Seeing the mysterious woman's words, the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python on the side seemed to be thinking: "Could she be... testing Cailin..."

After the nine-color swallowing python finished speaking, his eyes suddenly turned to the color scales!

At this time, I saw the bright nine-color light on Cailin's body emerging, and no matter how powerful the attack was, it would not help the gray energy.

The next moment, that gray energy suddenly hit Cailin!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu!" The nine-colored swallowing python woman's pupils shrank tightly!

If the result is not as she expected, I am afraid that the two of them will fall here today!

"Boom boom boom!" The gray energy suddenly hit Cailin!

Cailin was lost for a moment, and the next moment he was already floating in the air, and then the gray energy full of the power of death continuously merged into Cailin's limbs and bones!

"Sure enough!" Seeing this, the nine-colored swallowing python was overjoyed!

In a few breaths, the huge gray energy was absorbed by the color scales, and then the color scales instantly returned to their original appearance, and the power of the nine colors on the body returned to the body of the nine-color swallowing python.

"Little guy, this is the last great fortune I gave you. Whether you can appreciate the treasure of the Medusa family depends on your fortune." The mysterious woman looked at Cailin and muttered. Open your mouth.

"Thank you, senior!" Cai Lin said hurriedly.

She knew that if the mysterious woman just now really wanted to kill her, maybe one finger would be enough!

And the color scales are clear, the petrified pupil of Medusa just now, on the bright side, was a gray force full of death, but it was actually an extremely huge message!

Those gray powers of death merged into Cailin's body, not only repairing and strengthening Cailin's body, but even a huge amount of information emerged in Cailin's mind!

Those huge information is quite complicated, but one thing is certain, the gray energy just now is the key to cultivating the petrified pupil of Medusa!

"Okay, I have already passed on the cultivation method of Medusa's Petrified Eye to you. As for cultivation, don't worry about it. After all, the flow of space and time here is extremely slow, and it takes ten days for one day outside."

"But your companion Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python is quite incompetent..." After the mysterious woman finished speaking, she smiled strangely at the woman the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python transformed into.

Ask for tickets!