Chapter 293: 3 great tricks!

"This kid will join my Heavenly Palace."

"I believe that it will also shine in my Heavenly Palace." Liu Ping said after thinking for a while.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Let's not talk about Xiao Yan's prestige for the first place in the points plundering competition and the terrifying courage to kill the twin ghost emperors.

Dangdang is the alchemist at the peak of Emperor Xiao Yan's first-rank rank, which will make the three deputy hall masters look up to him!

Although this Xiao Yan is currently only a first-rank emperor alchemist, but for his future achievements, it is quite worthwhile. After all, this Xiao Yan's future achievements are limitless!

Thinking back then, when the Valley Master of Pill Valley was at Xiao Yan's age, his achievements were not as powerful as Xiao Yan's.

"My Heavenly Palace is currently the place with the greatest strength and resources among the three halls of Heaven, Earth, and People in the Fenxiang Pavilion. Joining My Heavenly Palace, with your talent, will definitely benefit from you."

"Hey, what do you think, kid?" Liu Ping also laughed, obviously already showing his favor to Xiao Yan. After all, this is a talented seedling, so he can't let go easily.

"Humph!"

"Liu Laogui, don't talk nonsense. Although it is true that your Heavenly Palace is the first of the three palaces, as for which palace Xiao Yan joins, it is better to be free. You have obviously interfered too much, which is obviously against the rules." Wei Mu Xuzi's figure also said slowly, obviously he was not afraid of Liu Ping because he was the deputy hall master of the Tiandian Temple.

"Hehe, isn't this the first choice for our Heavenly Palace..."

"Brother Mu, don't worry." Liu Ping also knew Mu Xuzi's character, and he was upright, so he didn't care, but said.

"This Burning Incense Pavilion is divided into three halls of heaven, earth and people. Among them, the Tiandian is the most powerful. This kind of power means that in recent years, there have been many powerhouses from the Tiandian, so it also established the hegemony of the Tiandian."

"However, these three halls are the most powerful strengths of the Fenxiang Pavilion. Among the three halls, each hall has a unique fighting skill!" Mu Feng also said slowly to the people around him.

"This Mu Feng seems to know a lot of things..." Xiao Yan also shook his head. Obviously, this Mu Feng knew very detailed things. If it wasn't for the people inside the Fenxiang Pavilion, they would rarely know such details.

"The three halls of heaven, earth and people, the most famous of them are three fighting skills. Among them, the Burning Heaven Art of the Tiandian Temple is the most domineering, and the Reckless Hand of the Earth Temple is the most powerful. As for the Human Temple..." Mu Feng also seemed to be hesitant to speak. .

"What happened to the Human Palace?" Mu Yingying also asked with great interest.

"The fighting skill in the Hall of People is the most peculiar. It is a mysterious fighting skill called the Heaven-shifting Ruler..."

"It is said that since the incense pavilion was established, it has only been made by two people..."

"The unfamiliar disciples who joined the Hall of Human Beings are all rushing to the Heaven-shifting Ruler, but no matter how many heavenly arrogant disciples follow, they will not be able to cultivate and realize the Heaven-moving Ruler..."

"This is also the reason why the Human Palace is ranked last." Mu Feng also said slowly.

"Are you moving the ruler of the sky..." Xiao Yan also muttered, then looked at the three deputy hall masters who were discussing in a low voice in front of him, and immediately planned to ask his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Master, do I really want to join that person's palace..." Xiao Yan was also helpless. It could be seen that the three temples of heaven, earth and people are currently the most tyrannical, followed by the earth palace, and the people's palace is the last .

"Hey, that's of course, but don't look at the decline of this Human Palace over the years. The Human Palace at its peak was in an invincible position by relying on the power of one temple to fight against the nine super sects..."

"And the moving ruler in the Hall of People is a rather mysterious fighting method..."

"I think that in the human hall of the Burning Incense Pavilion, a strong man with the peak strength of the Dou Emperor relied on the moving ruler to fight against the two strong Dou Xian and retreated completely."

"From this, it is enough to explain the horror of this moving sky ruler, so you must join this man's hall, and this moving sky ruler must be learned as soon as possible..." The slow voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Doudi Peak is fighting the two Dou Immortals with the power of moving the sky?" Xiao Yan was also surprised.

Although it is only the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage, he knows the difference between the peak of Dou Di and Dou Xian.

"Also, the holy flame you mentioned and I have something to do with this man's temple..." The Golden Dragon King's voice also sounded slowly.

"Holy Yan..." Xiao Yan also grinned, and then looked at the three deputy hall masters who were constantly talking in front of him, and he also noticed for a while.

"Maybe I should feel sorry for the kindness of senior..." Xiao Yan said, facing Liu Ping with an apologetic face, respectfully and politely.

"What I said is for your own good. Only by joining our Heavenly Temple can you obtain the best cultivation resources. Do you have to think about it?" Liu Ping's smile just froze for a moment, and then he looked at Xiao Yan slightly angrily.

"The junior naturally knows, but after thinking about it, the human palace is the most suitable for me." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, and then his eyes looked at Mu Xuzi.

"The Hall of People is good, but it's not suitable for you..."

"Our three halls of heaven, earth and people are all the power of Burning Incense Pavilion, you can rest assured." Liu Ping also said slowly.

"Senior's good intentions are taken from the bottom of my heart..."

"It's just that I want to try the peculiar fighting skills in the Hall of People." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Haha, you really have such a big appetite..." Mu Xuzi also looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"Hehe, I have this plan." Xiao Yan also said slowly, it seems that he did not give up joining the Hall of People because of Liu Ping's words, and he seemed to be more interested in the fighting skills in the Hall of People because of Liu Ping's words. .

"You really don't know the heights of the sky!" Liu Ping also snorted coldly, and then stopped looking at Xiao Yan.

"The rest of you, if you want to join my Heavenly Palace, just follow me." After Liu Ping finished speaking, he also slowly walked outside the hall.

As Liu Ping's words just fell, among the dozens of people behind him, an average number of people followed Liu Ping out!

After all, they joined these super sects because they wanted to learn advanced martial arts and fighting skills, so that they would stand out and become giants in the future!

Therefore, joining the most powerful Heavenly Temple in the Burning Incense Pavilion will undoubtedly shorten their ability to become stronger. As for Xiao Yan, who was the first place in the Points Raid Competition, if he insisted on joining the Human Temple, they also couldn't figure it out.

Don't put good cultivation resources, but join the weakest part of the Burning Incense Pavilion. Isn't this digging a grave?

"Follow me if you want to join my hall." Huo Zhi also spoke slowly, and then he greeted the rest of the people and left the hall.

At this time, there were only a few people left in the hall, and after careful counting, there were still four people.

It was Xiao Yan, Mu Feng, Mu Yingying and that Xiao Yi.

"Are you guys ready to join my temple..."

"If you succeed in your practice, you will be able to move ahead of the people in the Temple of Heaven, but it's not a blow to you. Since the establishment of my Burning Incense Pavilion, in the ten thousand years of history, there are only two people who have cultivated. …”

"One of them is the founder of Burning Incense Pavilion..." Mu Xuzi also raised his hand slightly, then looked at the four people in front of him.

"You have to try to find out." Xiao Yan also smiled, but there was some absolute confidence in his eyes.

"Okay, you can barely pass the test."

"Although the Palace of My People is declining, it is by no means a soft persimmon that can be manipulated by others."

"Welcome to join the Hall of Humanity. From now on, the Hall of Humanity will be your home." Mu Xu also turned his back to his body and walked out, obviously heading towards the lower part of the Hall of Humanity.

Ask for tickets!