Chapter Vol 4 946: The speculation of Dou Di's bloodline being interrupted!

"Unworthy descendants, Xiao Yan."

"Meet the ancestors!" The corners of Xiao Yan's eyes were a little wet, looking at the thin figure in front of him, he directly gave him the highest-level etiquette among the Xiao clan.

"Xiao Yan..."

"I remember that you are the descendant of the Xiao clan who was created by me in the tomb of heaven?" Xiao Xuan had just woken up, his memory had not fully recovered, but he still had some impressions of Xiao Yan.

For a powerhouse like Xiao Xuan, that trace of life marks is naturally a record of his life experience, so he is no stranger to Xiao Yan.

"It's the junior." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile after hearing this.

"Not bad, not bad, it is my Xiao family's luck that my Xiao family has descendants like you." Xiao Xuan also smiled.

"This is……"

"The Origin Qi of the Emperor?" Xiao Xuan had just been resurrected, and suddenly grabbed his palm in the air, and an invisible energy instantly emerged.

Xiao Xuan was extremely shocked at this time. How could there be so much of the Emperor's Origin Qi, which was almost extinct in the Dou Qi Continent in the past?

"what……"

"My strength doesn't seem to be comparable to that of a Dou Sheng..."

"Doudi?" The next moment, Xiao Xuancai carefully sensed the tyrannical power in his body, and then said with a somewhat surprised look.

"Is the Six-Star Dou Di in the late stage..." Xiao Yan felt Xiao Xuan's current strength and was not too surprised.

After all, whether it is the blood of the Five Elements beasts or the bones of the emperor, their value is far beyond that of ordinary things, and with the Golden Dragon King and the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, Xiao Xuan's soul power also stepped into the emperor realm. Mingjiao's body had reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor's strength before his death, so it's not too surprising that Xiao Xuan's strength has now reached the late Six-Star Dou Emperor.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, the ancestors don't need to panic, we are not on the Dou Qi Continent now." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Not on the Dou Qi Continent?" Xiao Xuan frowned when he heard the words. Obviously, some abnormalities were found in the surrounding space.

"We used to have Dou Qi Continent, which is actually a lower plane. This place is called Dou Di Continent." Xiao Yan explained.

"Doudi Continent?"

"Could it be the place where my ancestors of the Xiao clan ascended?" Xiao Xuan heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, as if thinking of something.

"Not bad." Xiao Yan said, but he was overjoyed. It seemed that the ancestor Xiao Xuan really knew something.

"But why didn't I feel the blood of our Xiao clan..." Xiao Xuan sensed it carefully and found that he did not feel any aura of his family on this Dou Di Continent.

"Ancestor, when I came to Doudi Continent, I never found any members of the Xiao clan, and looking at the current appearance, it seems that our Xiao clan is unknown on Doudi Continent."

"According to the guess of the younger generation, this should be related to the sudden interruption of the blood of our Xiao family Dou Di." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, then said.

"Yep."

"I know your question."

"However, regarding the bloodline of Emperor Dou, I also thought it was strange back then."

"Our ancient eight clans, because in ancient times, there were ancestors who broke through the Dou Emperor, and then left the Dou Qi Continent, leaving the Dou Emperor bloodline just now."

"The Emperor Dou bloodline allows us younger generations to speed up the pace of cultivation, and by virtue of the bloodline of Dou Emperor, our Xiao clan is ranked first among the eight ancient clans."

"But the good times didn't last long. When I took over the position of the Xiao Clan's patriarch, I suddenly felt a very vague change in the Dou Emperor bloodline in my body. That kind of change seemed to be that the Dou Emperor bloodline gradually lost its effect!"

"Just when I found out about this, the whole family was shocked, and it wasn't just me, this kind of thing happened to the whole race."

"We thought hard and couldn't figure out what happened."

"However, with the fall of Emperor Dou's bloodline, the strength of almost all the senior members of our Xiao family is going backwards."

"And at that time, my time was already at the peak of the Nine Star Dousheng, but I couldn't take the last step."

"If you want to reactivate the Dou Di bloodline, only a strong Dou Di can appear in the city."

"That's why I was able to use the power of the whole family to help me overcome the calamity, although I failed in the end." Xiao Xuan said a lot in one breath.

"Suddenly dropped..." Xiao Yan knew most of what Xiao Xuan said about Xiao Xuan, but how could the Dou Emperor's bloodline suddenly drop?

The eight ancient clans on the Dou Qi Continent all have the blood of the Emperor Dou.

This is obviously not common sense.

"Ancestor, how did the Dou Di blood of our Xiao clan suddenly fall?"

"Will it be..." Xiao Yan still had some doubts in his heart, and couldn't help asking aloud.

"From some ancient books in the clan, I seem to know that there are only two possibilities for the fall of Emperor Dou's bloodline." Xiao Xuan said.

"Two possibilities?" Xiao Yan said.

"One is that our Xiao family's ancestors who were promoted to Dou Di Continent all fell." Xiao Xuan's pupils flickered with a hint of hesitation, but he still said.

"If all the strong Dou Emperors fall, then the Dou Emperor's bloodline would be justified, but I don't think that's possible."

"Our Xiao Clan is not only famous on the Dou Qi Continent, but even in the Dou Di Continent and even the Great Thousand Worlds, the Xiao Clan's reputation is quite big." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"That might be another kind of Xiao Xuan looked at Xiao Yan, obviously thinking the same thing as Xiao Yan.

"What else?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Seal." Xiao Xuan said indifferently.

"Seal?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately thought.

"Yes, it's the seal."

"Because the Dou Di blood of our Xiao family didn't fall in an instant, but continued to weaken."

"The bloodline of Emperor Dou can help our clansmen to cultivate better, but since the bloodline of Emperor Dou began to appear in the middle, the cultivation speed of the clansmen has slowed down, and it was not until the end that there was a regression in strength."

"There have been several years in this time, so according to my estimation, the powerhouses of our Xiao family who have been promoted to Dou Di should have been sealed, and that kind of seal is not only a seal of strength, but also a seal of strength. The bloodline was also sealed, so the Dou Emperor bloodline in our body suddenly fell." Xiao Xuan thought for a while and said.

"If you say that, I'm afraid this explanation is more reasonable." Xiao Yan agreed with that.

"Hey, your ancestor is quite capable, and you can vaguely know about these things." At this moment, the Golden Dragon King who had been silent all the time suddenly made a sound.

And with the voice of the Golden Dragon King's virtual shadow, Xiao Xuan's whole body was shocked, and a powerful pressure instantly permeated from the Golden Dragon King's body.

"This old man has such terrifying strength..." This was Xiao Xuan's first thought when he saw the Golden Dragon King!