Chapter Vol 4 1618: The mysterious dark red coffin!

"Weng Om!" The thousand-zhang golden dragon exudes endless pressure, like a real giant between heaven and earth.

"The second transformation of the Dragon God is not so useless. Before, due to the shallow practice, I could only release the dragon's might to shock the enemy. Now, with the increase of strength, I can completely master the second transformation of the Dragon God, and the display and imitation of the dragon's might. The form of a dragon powerhouse..."

"Dragon sense can make me imitate the breath of the dragon powerhouse, and Longwei can shock these guys. The combination of the two is a bit overwhelming to deal with these guys, but if it is against the real dragon king, I am afraid that the backlash will be me. , and the imitation of the dragon sense can only be done if you have experienced it. The dragon gave birth to nine sons. Now I have only seen the breath of the uncle Jinlongwang. I don't know if the breath of the other eight sons is stronger than that of the uncle. "The golden dragon muttered slowly, but the middle-aged man, Dragon Blood Emperor Wudi, didn't know that this Golden Dragon King was transformed by Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan didn't know, because there was a trace of the golden dragon king's breath in his body, so The imitation can be so realistic, otherwise the ordinary powerhouse imitates it, and it has long been seen by the Dragon Blood Emperor. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"I don't know that the Golden Dragon King is coming, and the subordinates have lost their way. I hope you will forgive me." Looking at the golden dragon transformed by Xiao Yan, the old body of the middle-aged man of the Dragon Blood Emperor suddenly bent, and immediately said respectfully, the cheek Showing a touch of respect from the inside out.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

Although the Dragon Blood Emperor is not a member of the Dragon Clan, he has dragon blood in his body, so he can feel the coercion of the Dragon Clan's supreme power. Although this coercion is quite weak, it is real, so the Dragon Blood Emperor has no doubts, after all The guy who dares to pretend to be the Golden Dragon King, I am afraid that there are not many people in the entire Daqian world.

And most importantly, this Golden Dragon King is the real power of the Dragon Clan. He is not only the eldest disciple of the Dragon God, but his strength is said to be extremely close to the existence of the Dragon God!

Dragon God!

What kind of person is the Dragon God, that is a legendary figure that exists in the vast world.

That is a god-like existence. It is said that the means penetrate the sky and the earth, beyond the control of this world, and the Golden Dragon King, which is infinitely close to the dragon god, is not a mere five-star fighting fairy that can handle it.

"Get up...why are you stationed here?"

"Being in the blood of the dragon race, why not return to the dragon race?" After a while, an ancient voice slowly emerged from the body of the golden dragon. Obviously, this was a scene that Xiao Yan imitated by the second sense of dragon transformation.

"Return to the Lord..."

"Since the Dragon Clan was torn apart, it was suppressed by the powerhouses of Li Soul Domain by chance. They couldn't kill me, so they could only use ghost energy to seal me in the Earth Spirit Pagoda, trying to get some disciples to subdue me. I." Perceiving the golden dragon's opening, the Dragon Blood Emperor said respectfully.

"Ghost?"

"Seal?" The golden dragon heard the words, and suddenly there was a look of doubt in the golden eyes under the dragon's head. After a while, his eyes looked at the edge of the dragon's blood emperor's body, and the circles were like worms eroding the body. The strange black light is precisely because of the existence of these black lights, and the power of the Dragon Blood Emperor is limited. Otherwise, with his power, he can easily break through here. After all, his cultivation talent is coupled with the mutant dragon blood power. The strength has reached a new level, and the chaotic power of the Earth Spirit Pagoda alone cannot restrain him.

"The little guy you attacked just now is my disciple, let him help you solve it..."

"After the matter is over, remember to return to the Dragon Clan." After the breath, the light of the golden dragon slowly disappeared, and Xiao Yan's figure immediately appeared in the void space.

"..." The Dragon Blood Emperor frowned when he saw this. He was obviously taken aback by this sudden scene, but the breath of the Golden Dragon King was genuine from the bottom of his heart, so he became hesitant for a while.

"Squeak!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's body suspended in mid-air shook abruptly, and then stumbled and fell directly onto the barren land. His face was gray, and he was quite embarrassed, and his expression was in a trance, and his breath was a little weak.

"Dragon Blood Emperor?"

"Just... what happened?"

"Why can't I remember anything?" Suddenly, looking at the burly body of the old middle-aged man in front of him, Xiao Yan looked nervous and lost his voice.

"Forget it, it should be true." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, combined with the breath of the Golden Dragon King just now, the Dragon Blood Emperor was no longer in doubt, because the unique aura of the Golden Dragon King could not be imitated.

"Boy, entrusted by others, the beauty of adults."

"Come here!" After a while, the huge palm of the Dragon Blood Emperor suddenly became illusory, and immediately grabbed the corner of Xiao Yan's clothes, leading Xiao Yan to approach the dark red coffin in the sky.

"Hehe..." Xiao Yan noticed this scene and did not have any resistance. It was obvious that the scene he made just now had deceived this guy by deceiving him, and his smile flashed away.

"Senior, what is this?" As soon as he approached the dark red coffin, an extremely strong repulsive force spread out, and it was a little difficult for Xiao Yan's current strength.

"This is the treasure of the Dragon Clan, I don't know what it is, but this thing has a very high status in the Dragon Clan , because this thing is a coincidence of mine, from Obtained from the Dragon King at the bottom of the Dragon God Nine Sons ranking."

"The luck was very good that time, otherwise I could only fall with hatred." Emperor Longxue looked at the dark red coffin in front of him, and said slowly, but his voice was full of pride.

"Get it from one of the Dragon Kings of the Nine Sons of the Dragon God?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank when he heard the words. I am afraid that this brave dragon blood emperor would dare to say such bold words.

Dragon God sat down and transformed into nine sons, what kind of characters are they?

You don't have to think about it, you know, the nine dragons born to the dragon are nine dragon kings, and even the dragon king at the bottom of the ranking, that level of strength is probably extremely terrifying, and I am afraid that it is not the existence of the Dragon Blood Emperor Five Star Fighting Immortals that can compete.

"Okay... I can't open this dark red coffin, it is extremely well preserved, so since I got it, I have been looking for a way to open it." Dragon Blood Martial Emperor said.

"Have you not opened it before?" Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded slowly, what the Dragon Blood Emperor said was true. After all, Xiao Yan was able to detect the tightly stitched lines on the dark red coffin, which naturally seemed to have never been opened.

"However, with the passage of time... Now, I also have a hint of eyebrows about this dark red coffin." Looking at Xiao Yan's hot eyes, the Dragon Blood Emperor smiled.

"What exactly is this?" Xiao Yan also asked curiously.

"This thing seems to be the treasure of the dragon family..."

"That is only related to the legendary 'Dragon God Nine Transformations'!" Suddenly, a light hum, like a thunderbolt, exploded in Xiao Yan's ear, just when he said the four characters "Dragon God Nine Transformations", The blood in the body of the Dragon Blood Emperor was trembling involuntarily, as if these words had a special magic power!