Chapter Vol 2 721: Emperor Rank 2 Earth Pill, Xuanyin Pill!

"Refining medicinal pills?" Xiao Yan suddenly looked at Qin Xin in surprise when he heard the words.

Although I don't know the exact details of Qinxin, but based on Xiao Yan's understanding and perception of Qinxin, and it is obvious that everyone can see that Qinxin is wearing something unusual, so if you want to refine medicine pills , should not be able to use yourself.

"How's it going?" Qinxin finished speaking, and she was looking forward to Xiao Yan's answer.

Qinxin naturally has huge forces behind her, but Qinxin doesn't want to rely too much on them, so she can only ask Xiao Yandao for help.

Furthermore, the medicinal pill refined this time is somewhat special, and it cannot be refined unless it has holy flame.

This is also the main reason why Qin Xin went to Xiao Yan.

"Qing Lao told you, right?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his brows furrowed, whether to agree or not, he was extremely confused.

After all, Qin Xin found herself to refine the medicine pill, I am afraid it will not be a simple thing.

"Yep."

"The master told me."

"Your alchemist level should have reached the second-rank emperor rank, and you also possess holy flames. That's why I'm looking for you."

"But don't worry, I won't tell anyone else." Qin Xin said.

"In this case, you should also know the rules of refining medicine, right?" After struggling for a while, Xiao Yan decided to help Qinxin. After all, he still has something to revive his ancestor Xiao Xuan, and see if he can be here at Qinxin. A vicious extortion.

"I know, you have to prepare your own herbs..."

"Don't worry, I have already prepared three sets of medicinal materials, as long as you refine one before the three sets of medicinal materials are exhausted." Qin Xin seemed to have expected Xiao Yan to agree, and smiled.

"Oh, by the way, asking me to make medicinal pills is very expensive." Xiao Yan still did not forget.

Even Qin Xin, Xiao Yan decided to slaughter her.

"expensive?"

"what do you need?"

"Money?" Qin Xin shook her head and asked in confusion.

After all, Qinxin has always been pampered like an eldest lady, and she seldom asks for help, so she doesn't know the specific process.

"Do you look at me like someone who lacks money?" Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly.

"That's right, high-level pharmacists shouldn't be short of money."

"Then what do you want?" Qin Xin said, her heart was still nervous, this Xiao Yan shouldn't slaughter her like a big fat pig!

"I don't want much."

"Gale Wind Treasure Fruit, Canglong Dew, Heavenly King Ginseng. Three kinds of medicinal herbs are enough." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

The three medicinal materials that Xiao Yan mentioned are the medicinal materials used to refine the medicinal pills needed for the resurrection of his ancestors.

Besides, Xiao Yan now only has the medicinal ingredients of this medicinal pill and the body of a Dou Di strong man, so that he can refine the body for his ancestor Xiao Xuan!

"what?"

"Gale-Wind Treasure Fruit, Canglong Dew, Heavenly King Ginseng?"

"Hey, Xiao Yan, did you make a mistake!"

"Do you know what the three medicinal herbs you just mentioned are?" Qin Xin seemed to be frightened by Xiao Yan's sky-high asking price, and her expression changed slightly.

"I know." Xiao Yan responded casually.

After all, the medicinal materials required for higher-level medicinal herbs are naturally more precious.

"knowledge?"

"I don't think you know."

"First of all, let's talk about the Gale Wind Treasure Fruit. This is something that has a very small chance of being produced in the Land of Raging Flames, and it is said that there is only one for hundreds of years. Do you know that the entire Xuansan Santian has a price and no market?"

"There is also the Canglong Dew, but it is linked to the word dragon. It is a forbidden area for humans. Because of the power of the dragon family, and this thing, according to my memory, the entire Xuantian Santian probably hasn't appeared in nearly a hundred years."

"The last Heavenly King Ginseng, it is the best among countless ginsengs. It is said that it can directly improve a person's strength, and its value is more precious than the two less ones!" Qinxin pouted, full of surprise.

"I know the preciousness of these medicinal materials, but I think that the medicinal pills you want to refine should not be simple, so ask me for help, it is worth the price." Xiao Yan said slowly, but his heart was filled with flowers.

"You're taking advantage of the fire!" Qin Xin seemed to have noticed Xiao Yan's smile at the next moment, and immediately said angrily.

"It's not that I'm asking for the price, but I'm the only person in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion who has holy flame and medicine refining skills." Xiao Yan didn't want to talk nonsense with Qin Xin, and said directly.

"I can find at most one of your three things!" Qin Xinbei said after biting her lips tightly.

"Ah?" Xiao Yan suddenly became puzzled when he heard this.

"This is my biggest concession. If this is not enough, this transaction can only be terminated." Qin Xin said unwillingly.

The medicinal pill that I need is very anxious. If I can't get it in a short period of time, I am afraid it will affect my future potential.

"It's okay, I just heard it wrong."

"You said you could find one of them for me?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

My darling, Xiao Yan had never even heard of these three medicinal herbs, let alone looked for them, so when he heard that Qinxin could find one of them, he immediately became happy.

"Yep."

"I can find Gale Wind Treasure Fruit for you. As for the others, I am powerless." Qin Xin said with difficulty.

"Then this deal is done." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing this. He naturally knew that this deal would be the biggest beneficiary to him.

"A word is settled!" Qin Xin thought she had heard it wrong when she heard the words, but the next moment, she insisted.

"Since I think the deal has been reached, I don't know what kind of medicinal pill you want to refine?" Xiao Yan immediately asked when the deal was reached.

As for the prescriptions and medicinal materials, as a pharmacist, you naturally have the qualifications to read, otherwise you will not recognize what refining is, let alone do it After all, it is difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice.

"The elixir I made is called Xuanyin Pill, which should be regarded as an adjuvant, but its rank is enough to rank at the peak of the second-rank Emperor Rank Earth Pill!"

"How?"

"Are you confident?" Qin Xin finished speaking and laughed with anticipation.

"No problem." Xiao Yan smiled.

"But before refining, I still need a little time." Xiao Yan said.

"Do you need some time?" Qin Xin heard the words, her eyes slightly wrinkled, but she desperately needed it, and she was in a hurry, otherwise she would not have given out the Gale Treasure Fruit as a reward.

"I came back from the desert mountain range and reached the rank of a second-rank alchemist of the emperor rank, but recently I forgot to enter the promotion." Xiao Yan said a little embarrassedly.

"What?" Qin Xin heard the words, and her head was covered with black lines.

The promotion of this alchemist requires not only huge soul power, but also enough fighting qi support, but this Xiao Yan is good, he clearly has the qualification of a second-grade emperor alchemist, but he has no impact. When the alchemist peers heard it, they might be laughing at him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Well then, after we come out of the Dou Ji Pavilion, I will protect the law for you."

"And the ruins are only four months old. I hope they can be refined before the ruins are opened and get rid of you, Xiao Yan." Qinxin said to Xiao Yan with her big eyes flashing.

Ask for tickets!