Chapter Vol 4 1950: The 0-year appointment, open!

Time flies, and in the blink of an eye, more than half a year has passed. For half a year, Xiao Yan has been in a very special state. With the help of immortal fire and immortal flame, he can clearly feel that the birthplace of immortality and immortality comes from the stone tablet in front of him. However, no matter how much Xiao Yan racked his brains, he couldn't spy on it.

However, as time passed, Xiao Yan's perception of immortality became more and more thorough.

This is a process from qualitative change to quantitative change. At first, Xiao Yan's perception of immortality and immortality remained at the level of immortality by relying on the mysterious demon text on the stone tablet, but it was not long before Xiao Yan realized that he was a fan of the authorities.

The so-called immortality is to reach a staggering level with extremely subtle power, which is the precise control of power, and then just absorbed the real power of immortality and immortality from the stone tablet.

"Huhu." In the depths of Yaoyuan Cave, in an ancient forest lake, a black-shirted man slowly opened his eyes and exhaled lightly. At this time, there was an indescribable wave around his body. The aura of lightness, this aura has a pale yellow luster, which is extremely rare, but extremely sacred.

"Finally... I fully understand immortality and immortality." After a while, the black-shirted man said with an unstoppable smile at the corner of his mouth.

The power of immortality and immortality is extremely mysterious, but now Xiao Yan has completely grasped it. Although he has just mastered it, he has not yet reached the level of a demon emperor. Instead of being instantly obliterated by the enemy, with his immortal power, Xiao Yanfang is a true immortal body, and that kind of vigor and courage is extremely frightening.

I am afraid that one of the biggest gains from this trip to the demon world is this immortality. With it, Xiao Yan can maintain his indestructible body even as a four-winged angel from the Holy See, but he may be helpless to suppress his seal.

However, immortality and immortality is also an extremely terrifying reliance. After all, it is possible to destroy the powerhouse with immortality and immortality.

"This trip to the demon world is really full of twists and turns." The next moment, Xiao Yan slowly stretched his waist and said rather lazily.

Now that the power in his body is complex, and it is not enough for fighting skills, it seems that he must seize the time to improve himself, because Xiao Yan vaguely feels that the power of the foreign evil clan seems to be pressing step by step, leaving it to himself. Time is running out.

"The next step is to neutralize and gather the many forces in my body. Among them, the four attributes of fire, wood, thunder and water, demon power, spiritual and soul power, holy flame, etc. are the most important. These are my reliance and cannot be reconciled. lack."

"When these powers are fully integrated, I am afraid that the road to reincarnation will be in sight... Of course, there will also be the restoration of the ancient ruler artifact and the search for the remnant of the third holy flame." Xiao Yan laughed softly, but that voice But it was filled with an incredible force. The latter two forces, no matter which one they were, would increase Xiao Yan enormously.

However, whether it is the restoration of the ancient ruler or the search for the third place on the holy flame list, it is obviously by no means unusual, but Xiao Yan believes that he will find it sooner or later.

"Immortal and immortal, it's really wonderful. This is comparable to the three-layer bright flame of the 12th Holy Flame List. It will not be extinguished when it encounters fire, and it will be reborn when it encounters flames. It is an inextinguishable state that truly surpasses its flame."

"I'm afraid this will be the last trump card to fight against people in the future. I'm immortal and immortal. Even the average reincarnation powerhouse may be helpless." It turned out to be extremely ecstatic, obviously this immortal power far exceeded Xiao Yan's imagination.

"Weng Om!" After Xiao Yan realized the immortality, the power in his body returned to normal, and the stone tablet became dimmed. Countless creatures in the forest and lake all uttered a heartfelt admiration for Xiao Yan. Respect breath.

Xiao Yan naturally knew that this was due to the energy avatar of the previous Xiao family powerhouse, but now that his mission has been completed, it has completely dissipated here.

"Since the demon world is over, then I should also leave. The next step is to make a one-hundred-year appointment. Only by clarifying the secrets of the Xiao family can we decide the allies and enemy forces in the Great Thousand World. Otherwise, we will be wrong. Location, the consequences are probably unimaginable.”

"However, according to what the seniors said earlier, it seems that there may be some misunderstanding between the Xiao family and the guardian..." After blinking, Xiao Yan stood up and his voice was extremely heavy. Obviously, the thought of this made his head go crazy.

Decades have passed since breaking the sky and coming from the Dou Qi Continent to the Great Thousand World. Among them, Xiao Yan has more or less guessed some of the secrets of the Xiao clan, but now the century is around the corner, everything The secret is likely to be largely revealed.

If even the guardians of the Xiao clan are not clear, I am afraid they have to go to the underworld to investigate...

And every time he thinks of the so-called guardian of the Xiao clan, the figure of that arrogant and stubborn girl often appears in Xiao Yan's mind. In combination with the previous message of the senior Xiao clan, I am afraid that things are not so simple.

"Come out." The immortal and mysterious power was pressed back into the body, and then the ring shook, and an unusually cold lotus leaf floated out of the ring.

"Weng buzzing!" The colorless and transparent ice lotus leaves just emerged, and a dazzling aura of extreme cold suddenly erupted, attacking Xiao Yan's body, vaguely wanting to freeze it.

The two forces of cold and heat are attacking each other. If that force is to deal with ordinary strong people, it may have extremely devastating lethality, but it is a pity that it encountered Xiao Yan.

"As expected, it is the lotus leaf transformed by the holy flame. The power is really incredible... But I am not who I used to be." With a slight smile, he closed his eyes, and when he opened it, a holy heat The breath of the icy lotus leaf directly suppressed all the fluctuations.

"Hoohoo, let's get started."

"I don't know what our Xiao clan did to the guardians. Since I have the blood of the Xiao clan, let me pay for it all."

"Su Xueying, the one-hundred-year appointment, I'm here." Xiao Yan's voice was unusually heavy, and the ice lotus leaf in front of him touched it gently and turned into countless ice threads.

"Boom!" After the breath, countless ice strands turned into scorching arcs of fire, and immediately twitched and intertwined in this ancient void. Flashing in front of Xiao Yan.

"It turns out that this lotus leaf turned out to be a quite high-level space teleportation scroll... It seems that girl is not so arrogant." Feeling the mysterious and unpredictable space power contained in the Frost Light Gate in front of you , Xiao Yan laughed.

This thing is the most precious thing whether it is used to escape or to connect to the guardian channel, Su Xueying actually keeps this thing for herself...

But no matter what, Xiao Yan absolutely could not associate such careful actions with Su Xueying, who was aloof and cold-faced.

"Senior, there will be a period in the future... Demon World, goodbye."

"Next time, I will accompany Cai Lin." A rather refreshing voice sounded, Xiao Yan's body directly jumped into it, and the place returned to calm immediately.

At this point, the journey to the demon world has ended perfectly.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: