Chapter 12: The 1st round of assessment begins! Big deal!

Bai Su took Xiao Yan and Qing Yuan into the interior of the Alchemist Association.

"This is an isolated treasure within our Alchemist Association. It is a small world opened up by an immortal warrior. Here you can rest assured to refine medicine pills to your heart's content."

"In addition, the assessment of the first-grade imperial pharmacist is divided into three parts. The first part is spiritual cultivation, the second part is spiritual empowerment, and the third part is soul tempering. The so-called spiritual cultivation is through fine soul methods and flame The subtle control makes the medicinal pill produce a trace of intelligence similar to that of human beings, and the infusion is to give the medicinal pill a spirituality that is not weaker than that of human beings. Dan is like a sky and an underground. And the last is the most difficult soul training. There are almost no exercises to cultivate soul power on the mainland. Soul training can only be done by controlling the soul power, which is also for all emperors. The most troublesome thing for pharmacists is that if they are not careful, their soul power will be severely damaged, and their strength will be reduced!" Bai Su looked at Xiao Yan and said slowly, it seemed that he was explaining to Xiao Yan, but he was actually in the assessment area. A member of the Yiqian Refining Pharmacist Association outside explained that these are the mainstays of their own association.

"Did you know?" Bai Su smiled slowly at Xiao Yan. Obviously, this young man named Xiao Yan has been paid attention to by the president Bai Su. He has reached the soul of the emperor at a young age, so in the future...

"Understood, may I start the assessment?" Xiao Yan looked at the chairman Bai Su who was present and explained it to himself carefully. The vice chairman Bai Ruo also nodded and added from time to time that he couldn't guess what they were selling in the gourd. What kind of medicine, even more can't guess that the members of the elite pharmacist association behind him are looking at him expectantly. The alchemist examination of the emperor rank can benefit a lot just by looking at it.

"Assessment begins!" Bai Su's words fell, and the sparse figures around him instantly quieted down. You must know how rare it is to be able to witness this kind of emperor-grade pharmacist assessment, so he looked at Xiao Yan quietly. .

"The first round of assessment, Yuling! There are two medicine pills provided by the association, of course, you can also use the prescription prepared by yourself." Bai Sumi smiled and looked at Xiao Yan in front of him.

"Second prescription? Are you crazy?" Vice President Bai Ruo, who was standing beside Bai Su, said in shock. He knew best how precious an imperial prescription was, even if it was inscribed in value. Fei, I took out the second pair at once, and Vice President Bai Ruo couldn't help but feel a pain in his face.

"You will naturally understand afterwards." Bai Su said to Bai Ruo.

"Tsk tsk tsk, it's really a big deal! The first shot is the prescription for the second rank of emperor!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be shocked. You must know that the prescriptions of the emperor rank are priceless treasures. Although the prescriptions in front of you are inscribed, the value of them is also very high, not to mention the medicinal materials that are accompanied by these two prescriptions!

"Hey hey, this is shocking? Don't you think that the people in the Alchemist Association are all fools. If you just revealed your emperor realm soul, do you think this president will come up with such a good prescription for you? "

"Since he has come up with such a good prescription, he just wants to tie you to a boat invisibly. If something happens to this association in the future, you can't shirk it. These people are shrewd." The Golden Dragon King smiled in the ring.

"Anyway, we didn't lose any money. We also picked up the second emperor's prescription for nothing. If something happens in the future, it's not too late to talk about it." Xiao Yan also clearly saw what President Bai Su was thinking, and smiled knowingly at Bai Su. .

Xiao Yan walked forward slowly and spread out the two volumes of the prescription with his palm.

"Huoxu Dan, its effect can not only stimulate the maximum potential of fire attribute fighting qigong method, but also has the effect of prolonging life. Materials: ice and snow ginseng, imperial bamboo leaves, fire cloud spring water."

"Shaping pill! It is rumored that monsters can evolve into humans if they reach a certain strength or devour wonders of heaven and earth, and continue to cultivate. Although the sixth-grade medicine pill can also help the monsters transform into human beings, the sixth-grade transformation pill will cause the strength of the monsters to decline. Even the foundation is unstable, which seriously affects the cultivation after transformation. And the shaping pill can solve this problem very well. It does not affect the training speed, and it is even rumored that Warcraft can switch between Warcraft form and human form at will! Therefore, it is sought after by Warcraft. Materials: Lotus of the Earth, Blood Emperor Leaf, Ice and Snow Flame Fruit!"

"If you think about it, you can start the first round." Bai Ruo said after watching Xiao Yan and feeling it carefully.

"Master, which one should we choose?" Xiao Yan asked in uncertainty for a while.

"Shaping pill. This pill is of great use. Now that there are enough medicinal materials, I will first refine the medicinal materials that I am going to find for Guben Peiyuan Dan." The Golden Dragon King pondered for a while.

"I choose the Shape Pill." Xiao Yan quietly responded to President Bai Ruo.

"Shaping pill? That's comparable to some second-rank emperor-rank pills, even some emperor-rank first-rank peak alchemists, even some emperor-rank first-rank Xuandan alchemists may not be able to refine them! This young man actually To make this?"

"Is he crazy?" All the members of the association who were watching Xiao Yan's assessment were talking.

"It's actually this medicinal pill that is comparable to the peak of the emperor's first-grade Xuandan! If this person can pass the test, then I don't need to ask the president. UU Kanshu www.uukanshu.com" A girl with silver hair looked at Xiao Yan, who was on the field, was slowly thinking about something in his heart.

Xiao Yan thought for a while, "Although the master said that the different fire is not an ordinary thing in this Doudi Continent, but the master did not make it clear, forget it, the uniqueness of the flame is unique. The Pharmacist Association, they can't possibly pull me to study it, only by refining the imperial medicinal pills with different fires can you get twice the result with half the effort!"

With a plan in his mind, he didn't hesitate, and immediately called out Xiao Yi, Xiao Yi ran out and stood on Xiao Yan's shoulder, a milky white flame surrounded him, babbling non-stop, as if complaining about Xiao Yan Yan hadn't summoned himself for a long time to come out to breathe, and he was suffocated inside, and he even put on an aggrieved expression.

"Alright, alright, let's make the medicine pill first, then you can follow Qing Yuan." Xiao Yan also saw Xiao Yi's dissatisfaction and hurriedly comforted him. Xiao Yi babbled happily only after hearing the words, and the milky white flames around her couldn't help but thicken a little, it seemed that Xiao Yi was very happy.

Since the milky white flame appeared, those present felt that the temperature of the surrounding air instantly increased by a lot, and there were drops of sweat on everyone's forehead.

"That is!"

"Fire elf?" The terrifying flame power radiated from Xiao Yi's petite body, and the discerning person couldn't help but wonder.

The black-clothed and silver-haired woman also covered her mouth with slender jade hands in disbelief and exclaimed, "It's actually a fire elf?"

President Bai Su, who was smiling before, was full of surprise at the moment, and then his head quickly calculated something.

"How is it possible that this kid can actually have a fire elf?" Vice President Bai Ruo's unhappiness before has become unbelievable now!

​​