Chapter Vol 4 1588: Changes in 3 years!

In the past three years, many things have happened in the outside world, and the sect competition is in full swing, but Xiao Yan has stayed in the inner space of the Acacia tree for too long, so he did not catch up with the sect competition.

Before the sect competition, Xiao Gui, the manager of Wanhuo Sect, settled the sect and took time to go back to the spiritual courtyard. In order to find Luo Menglan to expel the cold poison, the two decided to live privately for life. Unfortunately, Ling Yu knew about this. Later, when Xiao Gui returned to the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, he was plotted to cause his internal injuries to be even more serious. After the sect competition, because Xiao Yan did not come, he insisted on going on stage.

It's a pity that Ling Yu was secretly blocking it, the Wanhuo Sect was completely defeated, and even Xiao Gui was defeated by the managers in Qingyun Pavilion. The door is closed, and the figure of Xiao Gui who has been working hard all day has faded out of everyone's sight, and I don't know why.

Even for this reason, Luo Menglan repeatedly asked for help from Headmaster Luo to find Xiao Gui, but was rejected by Headmaster Luo. It seemed that this time Xiao Gui had provoked some extremely terrifying beings, even Headmaster Luo had lingering fears.

"Hey... give me some energy."

"This place is now the territory of our Tingfeng Pavilion." In a crystal vein, a man wearing the word "Tingfeng" is constantly vigilant. Most of these guards are guards who have been captured by Tingfeng Pavilion.

"Who are you?" Suddenly, a man with a heavy ruler came here quietly and asked the guard in charge of patrolling.

"Humph."

"Where did your Excellency come from or where do you go back? This is the territory of our Tingfeng Pavilion." The leading guard said very proudly.

"Oh... Isn't this the territory of Ten Thousand Fire Sect? When did you become the territory of Tingfeng Pavilion." Hearing the words, the heavy ruler man's eyes were filled with doubts.

"Wan Huo Sect?"

"They are now unable to protect themselves, and there is still time to take care of this crystal vein." The leading guard said with disdain.

"Wan Huo Sect... what happened?" After Shun Qi, the heavy-footed man asked nervously.

The heavy-footed man was Xiao Yan. He had just left the Acacia tree when he came to the crystal vein. After all, it was quite close to the Acacia tree.

"You don't need to know so much, hurry up, or the young master will ask you to take it easy." The leading guard snorted coldly.

"What happened to Myriad Fire Sect?" A voice rang out, but with the sound's lovesickness, the void beside the leading guard was instantly evaporated by a flame, and Xiao Yan's pupils also became hideous. Get up, very scary.

"Big... lord."

"The Ten Thousand Fire Sect was secretly poisoned by the Qingyun Pavilion powerhouse, and the sect powerhouse was killed and injured, and now it is in danger." Seeing this, the guards couldn't help but feel a trace of fear in their hearts.

"Where are the Sect Master of Ten Thousand Fire Sect and that manager Xiao Gui?" Xiao Yan suppressed the anger in his heart, and said in the open mouth.

"The three-year sect competition has been over for several months, and the manager Xiao Gui has not appeared since the sect competition was seriously injured by the manager of Qingyun Pavilion. It is said that he is retreating to recover."

"The sect master of Wanhuo Sect and some strong people have also been wiped out by Qingyun Pavilion, but relying on the sect to stick to the last bit of territory." The guard said with a trembling voice, and the young man in front of him shot such a thunderous method, he I knew that I was in danger now.

"Crack!" With a sound, the Yihuo Henggu ruler with a scorching fire wave easily slid across the throat of the only guard, and suddenly, with the super high temperature, this guy was instantly evaporated into nothingness.

"Qingyun Pavilion!" Xiao Yan roared with rage after the leading guard was dealt with. With his soul power, he could not detect Xiao Gui's power, and he was even less aware of the position of his soul clone Xiao Lei. It was as if it had been suppressed by a seal.

"who?",

"Dare to break into the territory of our Tingfeng Pavilion." After a while, a young man also slowly paced out.

This guy is impressively the manager of Tingfeng Pavilion, Yang Xi, who has the strength of the four-star Dou Xian in the early stage.

The sect competition is over, and the outstanding managers have been transferred to the underground courtyard. Unfortunately, a strong person like Yang Xi is destined to only accumulate merits in the sect, and can enter the underground courtyard only by chance. Can so.

"Yang Xi!"

"You colluded with Qingyun Pavilion to deal with our Myriad Fire Sect like this... For the hatred between us, let's charge some interest from you first." Xiao Yan roared with anger in his eyes, like a violent soul beast. I know that the current situation of Wan Huozong is inseparable from the guy in front of him.

"Xiao Yan, you are not dead? How is it possible?"

"Didn't the guys from Qingyun Pavilion say that you have fallen into the Acacia tree?"

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Yang Xi felt a trace of fear in his heart.

"Suffer to death!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was too lazy to talk nonsense with this guy.

"Not good!" Seeing the dazzling flames emerging from Xiao Yan's body, Yang Xi immediately felt a very solemn feeling of heaviness. This kind of oppression was too tyrannical.

"Four-star Dou Xian early stage? How is that possible..." The next moment, Yang Xi lost his voice when he looked at Xiao Yan, who was bathed in the flames of the fiery-red Great Celestial Seed.

"Flame whip!" Suddenly, a cold snort appeared, and the dazzling flame immediately turned into a huge flame whip, with dazzling attack power, attacking Yang Xi.

Following Xiao Yan's trip to the Acacia tree, Xiao Yan's power has reached the initial stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, and he has a new understanding of the use and use of flames.

"Shabu Shabu!" Yang Xi naturally knew that he was not Xiao Yan's opponent, and immediately turned into a breeze and tried to escape from here.

"Acacia Flame Territory, where are you running!" With a roar, the crystal vein within a few thousand meters suddenly turned into a field space wrapped in khaki and pink and when this When the realm appeared, all the energies of heaven and earth in this space, Yang Xi lost his dominance and became like a lamb to be slaughtered.

"This is... a half-field, impossible!" At this time, Yang Xi finally realized the fluctuation of death.

"I'll give you one last chance."

"Where is Xiao Gui now?" Xiao Yan stood in the Acacia Flame Domain, he was the king of the domain, and he was invincible!

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Gui is now worse than death."

"Even if I die today, the two of you will come down to accompany me soon. As for the reason, you shouldn't provoke Qingyun Pavilion, because behind Qingyun Pavilion, there are strong people in the courtyard." In such a situation, Yang Xi burst into laughter, and immediately the Dou Qi all over his body suddenly compressed, and he wanted to explode himself.

"Die." With an order, the bright khaki flames directly engulfed Yang Xi's body, and after a while, not even the ashes were left.

Yang Xi, who was as tyrannical as the four-star Dou Xian in the early stage, fell into Xiao Yan's hands in the blink of an eye. Now Xiao Yan's fighting power can only be described by the word pervert.

"Qingyun Pavilion... This time, you will pay the price for your actions." Xiao Yan's voice was long and long, but it contained an extremely hurtful killing intent!