Chapter 100: Refined herbs!

The refining of the three main materials is extremely demanding. If there is no special extraction method, it is difficult to extract the medicinal power that you need from it. If you are not careful, there will even be a fried cauldron. This is the case with Xue Gaozhi, and even more so with Dragon Blood Immortal Vine.

The extraction of Xue Gaozhi is even more difficult than the transformation pills that were made by the Refining Pharmacist Association. Nearly 20 kinds of ingredients were neutralized, and it took Xiao Yan about four days. A drop of white liquid like bone marrow was successfully extracted from it.

After the successful extraction of Xue Gaozhi, Xiao Yan also extracted the dragon blood vine. The so-called dragon blood vine itself is extremely hard, and it becomes even harder after bathing in dragon blood. It is rumored that This dragon blood vine also contains a trace of dragon blood, not wood or gold, and the most amazing thing is that this thing has been bathed in dragon blood, so its fire resistance is quite high, even Xiao Yan With the help of the different fire, it took three full days to make the surface crack open.

When the dragon blood vine was cracked, more than 20 light clusters flew into the medicine cauldron in mid-air, in order to neutralize the violent aura in the dragon blood vine, and finally those auxiliary medicinal materials were destroyed by Xiao Yan. All refining, turning into droplets of medicinal liquid containing pure power, falling on the ivy...

With the help of the reconciling power of these many medicinal materials, the violent dragon blood pressure was suppressed. About half an hour later, the dragon blood fairy vine, which was like a dead branch, finally burst open, a little faint. The red powder spilled out from it, and was finally solidified into a red powder ball by Xiao Yan's soul power.

The refining of the two medicinal materials is completed, naturally waiting for the last green wood fruit to complete the first step of refining medicine, extracting and refining the medicinal materials.

It is strange to say that the hardness of this green tree fruit is slightly better than that of snow cream and dragon blood vine. Even if Xiao Yan fuses the flame power of 23 kinds of different fires, it costs a full six. It took a few days to completely extract it. Compared to Xiao Yan, he couldn't help but smack his lips.

The three main ingredients were successfully refined. Looking at this scene, Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King floating in the air breathed a sigh of relief. The quick refining techniques of Xiao Yan before, but the Golden Dragon King was dazzled. Although he didn't know much about alchemy pills, but from Xiao Yan's refining techniques. It is still possible to see a trace of smoothness like flowing clouds and water, this kind of refining is quite pleasing to the eye...

When he saw that Xiao Yan's soul power was divided into three and he was refining three kinds of medicinal materials at the same time, he could not help but be surprised because of the concentration of the Golden Dragon King. No one has ever been able to do this.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After all, refining medicine requires a huge amount of soul power as a backup. Xiao Yan’s soul power is divided into three parts and refining three medicinal materials at the same time, and the load on himself is quite large, and Xiao Yan is also carrying out several medicinal materials at the same time. Although the refining time has been greatly shortened, the load on one's own soul power is undoubtedly huge. The most feared thing in refining medicine pills is the sudden depletion of soul power in the middle of the process. The Golden Dragon King is also worried about Xiao Yan's appearance What kind of accident, the damage is small, and the injury is more than the loss.

But fortunately, Xiao Yan succeeded. This method of refining medicine by dividing into three, even the Tuo She back then did not have such a method.

After refining the three main ingredients, the magic core was also defeated by the raging fire of De Xiao Yan, and turned into a meatball the size of a naked eye.

Seeing the appearance of the square inside the tripod, he also took a short rest, concentrated again, pondered for a while, took out a jade bottle from the ring, the bottle mouth slowly tilted, and immediately, a familiar drop of scarlet blood dripped down .

The scarlet blood was floating in front of Xiao Yan. Although the blood volume was small, the violent and **** energy contained in it was not at all dare to be underestimated.

This so-called scarlet blood is naturally extracted by Xiao Yan from the bloodthirsty dragon lizard in the ruins. From the beast that is comparable to the human four-star fighting emperor, it can be seen that its level is not low, far reaching In accordance with the requirements of refining the Consolidated Origin Pill, if it is used to refine it, if it is successful, the quality of the elixir will probably be even better.

When this drop of scarlet blood appeared, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel distressed. This is a treasure that is enough to resist the full blow of a four-star Dou Emperor powerhouse...

Xiao Yan fixed his eyes on the drop of scarlet blood. After a while, he flicked his fingers, and the blood flew out lightly, and finally fell into the medicine cauldron.

The scarlet blood just fell into the medicine cauldron, and the powerful **** energy contained in it was directly blowing a gust of wind in the medicine cauldron. Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned slightly, hesitated for a moment, and immediately gritted his teeth. , the medicinal liquid and medicinal powder extracted from the snow cream zhi, green wood fruit, and dragon blood fairy vine are directly injected into the scarlet blood!

Trying to fuse!

All three contained extremely powerful energies, and under the control of Xiao Yan, a monstrous situation erupted, as if no one would accept the other, and the three groups of medicinal materials were also fighting against each other.

"Damn!"

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan also did not expect that the power of the medicinal materials extracted from the snow cream zhi, green wood fruit and dragon blood fairy vine would have a trace of self-consciousness, which deepened the difficulty of fusing the medicinal materials, but Xiao Yan also burst out with vindictive energy, and the huge soul force swept the entire medicine cauldron, controlling the slow fusion of the power of the three medicinal materials.

The medicinal power of the three medicinal herbs just fell into the scarlet blood did not cause any turbulence, but just when Xiao Yan was about to relax, a violent energy wave suddenly emerged from the scarlet blood. The gust surged out, and immediately slammed into the inner wall of the medicine cauldron. Immediately, a loud and clear sound wave spread rapidly, affecting the entire wooden house.

The heavy medicine cauldron also trembled a few times at this moment. If it were not replaced by an ordinary medicine cauldron, I am afraid that this shock would have caused it to explode directly.

Xiao Yan looked at the drop of scarlet blood that was rapidly churning on the surface of the medicine cauldron with a gloomy expression. A hedgehog that has entered a state of defense is like a hedgehog, and within the tumultuous hedgehog, there is a violent wave of energy that is beyond words.

"Clang!"

One after another energy fluctuations continuously impacted the inner wall of the medicine cauldron, and the loud sound waves reverberated throughout the wooden house. At this time, almost every member of the Yue family knew that it seemed that there was a little problem with Xiao Yan's refining.

"Is he alright?" On a quiet path, Yue Ru's beautiful eyes frowned slightly, and then cast her gaze at the wooden house where Xiao Yan was.

Xiao Yan's eyes were fixed on the power of several groups of medicinal materials in the medicine cauldron, and then he rushed towards the cauldron with all his fighting energy, instantly suppressing the riots in the cauldron, and then the soul power poured out, densely covered. Every corner of the medicine tripod.

"Fix it for me!"

An update is coming!

Don't forget to vote after reading it~