Chapter Vol 4 2104: The target of the Holy See, the trouble that cannot be escaped!

"The Holy See Judgment, the two believers, plus the Son of Light Liu Hao personally led the team, the lineup should not be underestimated."

"Moreover, these guys have great ambitions, but just relying on this power, they are too small to underestimate me." Xiao Yan's eyes gradually became darker, combined with the violent and dangerous gaze in Liu Hao's eyes, It seemed to have guessed something, and immediately the body that had just recovered a trace of strength in the body continued to tremble, and a magic cube like a devil fruit was beating slowly.

The Devil's Cube was quite happy, it seemed to be extremely excited because of Xiao Yan's call, it cheered, and it seemed to be extremely contempt for all the light in the world.

"Liu Hao, son of light, believer Austin, what do you mean!" At this moment, Yao Wan Wan was completely angry.

Thousands of years ago, Yao Wan was still a baby in swaddling clothes. The Holy See personally came and killed the contemporary patriarchs of their Yao clan indiscriminately. Even he did not know the specific reasons. The Holy Spirit of the clan is missing, and in order to protect the Yao clan, the Yao clan has not completely declared war on the Holy See for thousands of years, but the blood debt must be paid in blood.

Now that others are bullied to the end, is it possible to be a tortoise with a shrinking head?

To be a hero for a second or a tortoise for a lifetime?

Hard to choose?

But in Yao Wan's heart, killing the Holy See to wash away the shame is the most important thing!

"Since the saintess of the ancient clan have spoken, I will apologize for the matter of Yao Xuan and others on behalf of Lord Child of Light."

"There are so many magical medicines in the medicine family, and there must be a resurrection pill." Austin continued to laugh, as if everything in front of him had become a foregone conclusion, this is just the last process before they start the trial!

As for the slaughtered members of the Yao Clan, the right should be to warn the Yao Clan. After all, given ten courage to them, they would not dare to disobey such a behemoth as the Holy See.

"Austin, you don't have to deceive people too much!"

"My Yao Wan, in the name of the current patriarch, announces..." Immediately, the endless anger could no longer be suppressed, like a violently trembling volcano, suddenly vented from Yao Wan's body.

"The patriarch, the patriarch must not!"

"Lord Patriarch, you have to think twice!" One after another eager voices hurriedly sounded, they knew Yao Wan Wan's anger, but the current situation was unknown, and it was not the best time to start a war, so they could only swallow it.

Once the war begins, the two sides will completely fight against each other. If they don't have the strength to decide, they will only ruin the countless years of the medicine family's foundation in vain.

"There are countless geniuses in the medicine world behind your medicine clan, as well as countless vassal races in the lower realm. The medicine patriarch must not go wrong, otherwise..." At this moment, all the initiative seemed to be in the hands of the Holy See, Liu Hao sneered.

Although the Holy See does not intervene in the affairs of Douyun Continent, only he is the only one who knows the core layer of the Holy See. Every hundred years, the Holy See will conduct an investigation into the forces of Douyun Continent. If some forces exceed their limits, they will They will secretly send strong men to kill them.

And Yao Qiangui, the Patriarch of the Medicine Clan a thousand years ago, even awakened the Holy Spirit that no one in the Medicine Clan controlled. Even if it was just a trace of the Holy Soul, this guy actually had the power to understand the profound, and he even tried to step in with the power of the Holy Soul. A ninth-rank alchemist of the holy rank, aspires to the great thousand world!

That time, when Yao Qiangui was promoted, the Holy See dispatched two red-clothed archbishops and countless strong men to strangle in secret. In the end, Yao Qiangui's husband and son-in-law both perished, and their remnants were taken away by the Holy See and tortured.

At that time, Yao Shigui's mother, Yao Shuqin, had just given birth. At the time of her fall, Yao Qiangui used powerful means to forcibly seal the Holy Spirit in her son's body. Immediately, Yao Shigui's baby was temporarily suspended by means of Xuantong. Completely sealed in the Holy Land of the Medicine Clan, he escaped the catastrophe and left a message to the descendants. After a thousand years, he would enter the Holy Land to take out his son, and then he escaped catastrophe.

For a thousand years, Yao Shigui's growth and life were directly stopped and suspended by Yao Qiangui's holy rank eighth-rank peak alchemist. It was born smoothly. Yao Wan brought him back from the Holy Land according to the ancestral instruction, but he didn't know his true identity, he just thought it was a medicine pill, so after some inspection, it was found that the talent of Yao Shigui was poor. , even without the material to become a pharmacist, there are countless ways to find it, and there is no way to do it, so there is a case of Yaoshigui being bullied.

However, Yaoshigui can't make medicinal pills, which is actually related to the holy soul in his body.

"Hehe, everyone, don't panic, I'm waiting for the Holy See powerhouse to come today, but it's just for one person." Watching Yao Wan and others quiet down, the two believers headed by Austin and Liu Hao walked together , then slowly descended to the ground and walked towards Xiao Yan.

The dismantling effect for the medicine family has been achieved, and the next step is the real highlight!

"Is something wrong with me?" Xiao Yan immediately sneered when he saw that he was surrounded by the powers of the Holy See.

"Brother Xiao Yan?" Seeing this, Xun'er also realized the seriousness of the matter, and immediately the little tiger teeth slowly rubbed, and a majestic force was sent towards Xiao Yan, nourishing and repairing the lack of fighting spirit in Xiao Yan's body.

"It doesn't matter, please step back, otherwise it will be treated as a heresy!" The two believers, Osdi and Hill, stepped out and formed a chain of bright flames, completely imprisoning the void around Xiao Yan and preventing them from escaping. At the same time, he said to several people of the ancient race around him.

"How is this going?"

"They seem to be coming for Xiao Yan?" At this time, the elders of the ancient race also stepped back and asked in confusion.

"Liu Hao, what do you mean?" Xun'er was indignant and stared at Liu Hao slowly.

"What do I mean?"

"Why don't you ask Xiao Yan himself?"

"This time, even if the gods descend to earth, you will surely die!"

"Hahaha!" Liu Hao laughed madly, his pupils shrank violently, he couldn't help sticking out his tongue and licking the corner of his mouth.

As long as Xiao Yan is killed this time, the holy flame of Gu Xun'er will fall into his hands sooner or later. Once the negative impact of the Slaughter Soul is lifted, his strength will undoubtedly be improved. leap!

If Gu Xun'er insisted on protecting Xiao Yan, then it would be better to arrest him at the same time. As long as he arrives in the Holy See, how does Gu Xun'er deal with it? Isn't that letting him do whatever he wants?

"Squeak." Without giving Xiao Yan a chance to defend himself, a memory crystal burst out from Liu Hao's hand, and then instantly expanded, suddenly entering the sight of countless people.

"Boom!" The eyes of countless people were attracted by the picture in the memory crystal There were two figures in it, one with angel wings slowly returning, and the other one was The dark green evil breath all over the body, venting the endless gloomy breath!

One good and one evil, actually under the record of the memory crystal, launched an unparalleled battle!

"Actually... someone actually beheaded the Holy See angel?" After a while, all the pictures in the memory crystal were played back, and the countless figures below couldn't help but take a deep breath, a long-lasting horror that haunted countless people. Above the heart!

More importantly, within the demon body that appeared in the memory crystal, there was also a rare amber flame flashing. With the keen perception of the strong people present, it was not difficult to detect that the flame seemed to be the same as Xiao Xiao now. The strength of Yan's body is very consistent!

He looked at Xiao Yan with a look that was like looking at a monster.

Did this guy really kill the Holy See Angel himself?

This kind of strength, this courage, is too terrifying, right?