Chapter Vol 4 1190: The realm of ghost fog

"Shuiyue, go take a look first."

"Remember, capture their leaders first, and don't let them run away." As the crowd moved, Jade Legacy immediately said to the water-type men in the team.

"Okay." Shuiyue heard the words, agreed immediately, and then prepared to take a step first.

"There's something unusual here, I'll go with him." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure flickered and disappeared directly in place, and Shuiyue and Shuiyue directly faced the village above the mountains.

"Old man, can we talk about the Ice and Fire Island now?"

"Don't worry, the people in your village will not die again." Yu Yifeng smiled slowly.

Originally, the destination this time was related to Ice and Fire Island. He was trying to get rid of Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan asked for his order directly. This made Yu Yifeng quite happy.

It’s just that Yu Yifeng forgot. Although their entire team is strong, their soul power is weak. Xiao Yan naturally sensed Yu Yifeng’s careful thoughts, leaving a trace of soul power that was not noticed by everyone, so he left here. In order to know what the so-called Ice and Fire Island is.

"Little brother, your strength..." Shuiyue and Xiao Yan rushed towards the mountains one after the other, but Shuiyue couldn't help but be surprised.

According to his own perception, among these mysterious people, the strength is not weak, and he has no time to control Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan's huge soul power is a necessity for them to deal with that creature, which makes Shuiyue in a dilemma for a while. .

After all, Shuiyue knows that the leader of the mysterious man is likely to have the same strength as himself. Facing a strong man of the same level, it is not difficult to arrest him, but arresting him while protecting Xiao Yan may be unrealistic. .

"Don't worry, I can protect myself." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Since that's the case, then I'm relieved." Shuiyue said with a smile.

After speaking, the two of them headed straight for the mountain.

"These bastards, no one actually knows the location of Icefire Island!" The mysterious man also cursed slowly, his voice quite resentful.

"There are also Hun Wuya and Hun Hao. The dignified Soul Venerables ranked 12th and 11th in our ghost kingdom have lost even the immortal leaves. Is Hun Wuya even fallen?"

"The name of this Soul Venerable is not as good as me, it's really trash." The mysterious man said slowly to himself.

"Forget it, and I'll go see it myself."

"The loss of the undead leaves has already made the above angry. If they don't collect enough information about the soul body or Icefire Island, once the above is angry, I am afraid..." Thinking of this, the mysterious man couldn't help shaking his body.

"What's going on?" The mysterious man had just left the center of the village, and suddenly saw a hill full of about ten people at the main entrance of the village, and exclaimed directly.

Those figures that were piled up into a hill were obviously his subordinates, and most of their strengths were at the peak level of Dou Di or the early stage of Dou Xian. How could they be so easily teased.

"Leader, there are enemies!" One of the figures still had his last breath, but when he finished saying this, his life was gone.

"Are you... the leader of these people?" Right in front, Shui Yue was wrapped in black clothes, dressed in the same attire as the mysterious man.

"Who are you?" Seeing Shuiyue like this, the mysterious man couldn't help frowning, but he didn't take it lightly.

"It doesn't matter who I am. The people in this village have a relationship with me. You have killed so many people. Captain, please come over." Shuiyue smiled slightly, her voice full of jokes.

"Then let's see if you have the ability!" The mysterious man is not a fuel-efficient lamp. Seeing that, Shuiyue said so, and couldn't help saying.

"You don't eat or drink for a toast!" Shuiyue heard the words and shouted loudly, ready to fight. As for Xiao Yan's words, she stood quietly by the side.

"The realm of ghosts and fog!" The next moment, the mysterious man opened his mouth instantly, giving Shuiyue any chance to fight back.

"Gulu gulu!" The mysterious man's voice just fell, and a spooky ghostly energy erupted directly from his body, and then suddenly surrounded the village for about a hundred miles!

"What a gloomy ghost, looking at the appearance, this mysterious person is going to close this place so as to deal with Shuiyue." Xiao Yan on the side was naturally aware of the mysterious person's intention. To put it bluntly, it is to use ghost qi to form a place similar to an enchantment, so that the mysterious person can use the power of ghost qi to hide his figure and deliver a fatal blow when necessary.

"That's right." Shuiyue looked at her surroundings and was immediately surrounded by ghosts, without a trace of panic, she spoke slowly.

"This Shuiyue's strength seems to be a bit strong." The next moment, seeing Shuiyue so calm, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

Ordinary water-type powerhouses are basically women, and because the water-type has the ability to recover, most of them are protected in the team. As for Shuiyue, who is directly like a fighter, this is the first time Xiao Yan has seen it.

"Looking for death!" Looking at the ghostly aura emanating from the surroundings, the mysterious figure was like a ghost, drowning in the gloomy ghostly aura.

"Severe Ghost Claws!" The next moment, a rather strange sound suddenly came from the ghostly energy behind Shuiyue, and then a giant claw of dozens of meters made entirely of black gas suddenly attacked Shuiyue.

"It's good to come!" Shuiyue turned around, and a stream of water suddenly appeared in her hand, directly facing the ghost claw!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two attacked, they were almost evenly matched.

"What a powerful strength." The mysterious man just attacked, and suddenly realized that Shuiyue was definitely not a simple person, and the figure was hiding in the ghost.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy is too cunning." The next moment, Shuiyue's face also became ~ Because he actually found that in this ghost fog, his own power was faintly faint. Being eaten up, and even with the existence of ghosts and mists, I can't find the trace of the mysterious person! .

"Don't worry, I have a solution." Just when Shuiyue was a little bit devastated by the mysterious person, Xiao Yan's soul voice transmission slowly entered Shuiyue's mind.

"Do you have a solution?" Shuiyue said in surprise when she heard the words.

"I can crack his tricks for a short time, but I can only buy three seconds." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, then said.

"Three seconds... is enough!"

"As long as we crack his hiding place and let him show up, let alone three seconds, even one second, I can make him hurt!" Shuiyue said with a smile.

"The fighting spirit in this guy's body has actually become turbulent, it seems that he is preparing some killer move."

"I'll start too." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he closed his eyes slightly, and then the soul power in his body was rapidly mobilized, and even a very sharp voice echoed in this space.

"These two guys...what are they doing..."

"Forget it, let's solve this two-star Dou Xian first. The boy in the early stage of 1-star Dou Xian probably won't be able to jump around for a long time." Slowly moving, a fierce killing intent emerged, slowly approaching Shuiyue.

The mysterious man naturally didn't know that his choice to ignore Xiao Yan was often his biggest failure.

. m.