Chapter 168: Mysterious black gas? Strange place!

"Well, there's nothing wrong, it's just that someone went missing before, then I'm afraid of you..." Seeing that Xiao Yan was fine, Yue Ru was relieved. He was somewhat relieved.

"No, but you should be careful." Xiao Yan also spoke to comfort, obviously Xiao Yan understood Yue Ru's mind, but Xiao Yan was not a ruthless person, and he still had some secrets that he had not solved. , but in the final analysis, Xiao Yan was just taking care of Yue Ru as a brother and a sister. After all, they were the first group of people who came to Dou Di Continent to help him.

"What happened to you yesterday?" Yue Ru also bit her lips slightly, obviously unsure whether she should ask.

"Yesterday, nothing happened, that is, there was some abnormality in the soul power, Senior Brother Mo Chen took me to the person in charge, and now it's resolved." Xiao Yan also noticed Yue Ru's actions and said.

"Xiao Yan, I don't know if you noticed. There seems to be something else here. I slept very badly last night, and the runes on my forehead always exude a force. I don't know what's going on." Yueru He also looked at Xiao Yan suspiciously, with a tone of help from Xiao Yan.

"Oh." Hearing that, Xiao Yan also looked at Yue Ru carefully. Indeed, there were some thick dark circles around the corner of Yue Ru's eyes, obviously because she was not resting well.

"You... can you take a look at it for me?" Yue Ru also bit her lips slightly, and then asked with a blushing face.

"That's not good, this rune is your inheritance..." Xiao Yan hurriedly refused when he saw this, but before Xiao Yan finished his words, the mysterious rune on Yueru's forehead was also under Yueru's control. Exudes a faint light in degrees.

Seeing this mysterious rune, Xiao Yan couldn't evade it, so he had to activate his own Dou Qi protection body and look at Yue Ru's forehead, ready to investigate.

After all, the inheritance of this mysterious rune came from the "Bright Moon Fairy". Although I don't know how powerful it is, but if you can call yourself an immortal, then your strength is undoubtedly a fighting immortal.

How could something that could be related to Dou Xian be ordinary, so Xiao Yan had to be careful.

The **** on Yueru's forehead also slowly radiated out, Xiao Yan frowned, he could feel a powerful force from this trace of power, which seemed to be sealed within Yueru's body.

"This power is not sealed in my body, and I have something in my body that can communicate this power. With the help of Crescent Moon Cuiguo, I can only accept that inheritance when my strength reaches it." Yue Ru also noticed Xiao Yan. The change of expression, softly said.

"What level do you want to reach?" Xiao Yan also asked curiously.

"At least you have to reach the five-star Dou Emperor." Yue Ru also said somewhat weakly. After all, the promotion of each star of this Dou Emperor is extremely difficult.

"Don't worry, I believe that your future achievements will definitely be more than five-star Dou Di." Xiao Yan also comforted.

"Well, it's just that the place to go when you accept the inheritance is really..."

"Will you accompany me when my strength reaches five-star Dou Di?" Yueru also said softly, with a rare strength and expectation in her voice.

"Accompany me at any time!" Xiao Yan also looked at Yue Ru and couldn't bear to refuse, but he didn't know that in the distant future, Xiao Yan would regret this decision at this time.

"Pull the hook, hang yourself, it will not change for a hundred years!" Yue Ru also regained her smile, pulling up Xiao Yan's fingers and touching them together.

Xiao Yan couldn't beat her, so she had to do these little things.

Afterwards, Xiao Yan also used his soul power to inspect Yueru's body, but found nothing, so he had to do it, and then explained a few words to Yueru.

"I haven't noticed anything wrong, but I'd better be careful these days. These are some medicinal pills to soothe the nerves. You should be able to sleep well after taking them tonight." Xiao Yan also took out some medicinal pills and said to Yueru. .

"No, no, these things are too precious, I can't take them..." Yueru also evaded, looking like a little daughter-in-law, which made Xiao Yan laugh and say, "Take it, you and me two. Why do people need to be so polite?"

"Okay, okay."

"But just treat it as what I owe you, and I will pay you back in the future." Yue Ru also took the medicine pill from Xiao Yan's hand, and then swore to Xiao Yan.

"Okay, okay!" Xiao Yan hurriedly agreed where he needed Yueru to repay him.

The two chatted for a while, and Xiao Yan saw Yueru yawning and escorted Yueru to her residence before returning to her place with confidence.

After carefully inspecting the surroundings, he laid down a soul barrier. Xiao Yan felt relieved after doing all of this. Then he took out the purple clay-shaped Lingziyan and Sanyanhua. The soul-warming stone and the one with a million The four-pattern Doudi card of gold coins!

This clay-shaped Lingziyan is also easy to handle. It only needs to be baked with flames when using it, and Xiao Yan bought the three-flame flower with a foolproof mentality. The land is different, but it is not a kind of fate to meet Sanyanhua, so I bought it early.

Xiao Yan, the four-pattern Dou Di card, was also put into the Emperor Yan Ring together with Ling Ziyan and San Yan Hua without even looking at it.

Then I carefully looked at this small piece of time in front of me.

The Soul Warming Stone is about the size of Xiao Yan's palm, and its shape is irregular, but its surface has a layer of lustrous luster, which is indescribably beautiful.

Xiao Yan also slowly placed his palm on the Soul Warming Stone, but found that there was a very small ray of light penetrating into his body from the Soul Warming Stone, and then Xiao Yan felt that it was originally because of the test. And the soul power in the consumed soul realm is recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye The speed is also quite slow.

With this astonishing discovery, Xiao Yan was also quite overjoyed. Sure enough, the Dou Di Continent deserves to be a high-level plane, and there are many strange things.

"Where in the world can there be such a good thing, this soul-warming stone is good, but it also has limitations. According to your current soul power, the stone in your hand will definitely become a waste stone within five times." The Golden Dragon King is also speak out.

"Ah?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also said in frustration.

"This soul-warming stone is divided into upper, middle and lower grades. It stores soul power. Others can absorb the soul power in it when it operates. However, if it is absorbed, it will become a waste stone." The Golden Dragon King also came out. sound.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yeah." Hearing that, Xiao Yan also put away the Soul Warming Stone and prepared to rest. After all, there will be a notice for the fifth-level talent and selection competition tomorrow.

Just as Xiao Yan was about to lie down, a cloud of black gas appeared in the mid-air of the brightly lit room, quite eerie.

Then the black energy attacked Xiao Yan as if looking for a target!

"Xiao Yanzi, be careful of that black qi!" The voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded like a giant thunder in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Bang!" After the black air touched Xiao Yan, it sounded like a balloon being punctured, Xiao Yan disappeared into his room, and when he reappeared, it was already a place full of darkness.

Please recommend and subscribe~