Chapter Vol 2 727: Enter

"That's the Dou Ji Pavilion!"

I don't know who said something, and the thousands of disciples who were present immediately became excited!

Although the Dou Ji Pavilion is the one in front of you, the entrance to the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion is not here!

Because the value of the things stored in the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion is too precious, it seems to be stored in another space, and the entrance to the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion is controlled by Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi, so This is what happened now.

"The entrance to the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion has appeared, everyone, let's go."

"Everything depends on you, but you only have one month, you must leave regardless of success or failure within a month!" Mu Xuzi saw Shimen appearing in the air, and immediately said to the disciples.

"Remember the teachings of the Vice Hall Master!" Many disciples quickly agreed, and then their fiery eyes stared at the stone gate.

Within that Shimen, it should be the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion that they lived up to their expectations.

At this time, everyone's cheeks were filled with expressions, and they obviously had their own plans.

"Okay, since that's the case, let's start!" Mu Xuzi smiled at the disciples below, and then he and Xiong Yuan burst out with a dazzling power, attacking Shimen.

The dazzling power of the two just attacked Shimen, and Shimen burst out with an extremely desolate atmosphere, and then trembled all over.

"This stone gate is about to be opened." Xiao Yan's perception was extremely tyrannical. Naturally, knowing that Mu Xuzi and Xiong Yuan seemed to have some connection with this stone gate, he immediately said.

"We don't want to be the first to enter for a while, go in slowly." After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan felt that Mu Xuzi in the sky blinked his eyes at times, intentionally and unintentionally, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Not the first to rush in?"

"What should I do if the Dou Jigong technique is first used by someone?" Mu Feng was surprised when he heard the words.

The first person to enter has meat to eat, which must be the truth that everyone knows.

"If this treasure of the third hall of the Burning Incense Pavilion was learned so easily, then it would not have been established for thousands of years, and there are almost no people who learned it."

"And it's not necessarily that the first person to enter will have meat to eat." Xiao Yan did not agree with this. If the things of the Burning Incense Pavilion were so easy to learn, the name of this treasure in the palace would be too easy.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, following Xiao Yan's conversation, the stone gate slowly opened in the sky, and at the same time, a sense of vicissitudes suddenly reverberated throughout the space!

"It's such a terrifying aura, no wonder it requires the strength of the two deputy hall masters, the eight-star Dou Emperor level, to open it." Among the crowd, there were many shrewd people, and they were immediately surprised!

"Squeak!" With a sound, the stone door quietly dissipated, and a terrifying aura of vicissitudes shrouded in an instant. In a short period of time, all the disciples present turned pale.

"Go!" Facing the entrance of the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion, no one dared to act rashly, knowing that there is the treasure of the three halls of heaven, earth and people, but after a while, some daring people got up directly, right Go through the stone gate.

They know that if it is delayed, the chances are even slimmer.

"We are not in a hurry, let them go first." Just as the huge crowd poured into Shimen, the second apprentice brother of the ground hall directly stopped a few people behind him and said slowly, with a calm calm in his voice.

"This guy is really calm." As the huge crowd slowly entered Shimen, there were very few people left here.

Among them, the Guanglu and Lingyun teams who had conflicted with Xiao Yan before were also here.

"Hehe, it's really a group of unusual little guys." Mu Xuzi naturally saw at a glance that the figure on the ground at this time was the outstanding generation in the current Hall of Earth and Hall of People, and immediately said.

"Deputy Hall Master, I don't know..." Xiao Yan was not in a hurry, he directly used his soul power, and then left at Mu Xuzi.

Xiao Yan has self-confidence. I am afraid that only he and Mu Xuzi can know about the direct communication of soul power.

"You kid has some strength, no wonder you can persist in that Tongtian River for so long." Mu Xuzi was stunned when faced with Xiao Yan's soul communication, and then said in surprise.

This Xiao Yan's soul strength is no less than that of many master alchemists.

"There are too many people entering the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion this time, but the ones who have achieved results, I'm afraid they won't have the number of hands." Mu Xuzi said to Xiao Yan.

"Damn, it won't be so low, right?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words. There are thousands of people here. If there are only a few people in the end, the elimination rate seems to be too high.

"I don't dare to tell others, even I can't see through the secrets of your kid. I hope this time, the treasure of our Human Palace can be brought back to the world. After all, it has been silent for too long." Xuzi said slowly, with a sense of nostalgia.

"Cough, cough..." At this time, everyone on the ground looked at Xiao Yan and Mu Xuzi in dismay. Through some intuition, they could feel that the two seemed to be talking, and then Xiong Yuan could only helplessly. The cough reminded.

However, on Mu Xuzi, a white light silently entered Xiao Yan's body, and he didn't know what he wanted to do.

"Now, only you little guys are left." Mu Xuzi heard Xiong Yuan's cough, and immediately cut off the soul communication with Xiao Yan, and then said to everyone.

"Deputy Hall Master, I would like to ask, how many people entered the Dou Ji Pavilion last time?"

"How many people have successfully cultivated the treasure of the palace?" Ling Yun, who was beside him, took a step forward and asked.

"Hehe, there were a total of 900 people who entered the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion last time, but in the end, only three people succeeded."

"And these three people, five years have passed, and now they are already one of the strongest." Mu Xuzi said with a smile.

"Only three people?" Xiao Yan, Guang Lu and Zhu Yuan suddenly frowned upon hearing this.

"This elimination rate..." The next moment, everyone said directly in their hearts.

"Don't worry, since you didn't choose to enter the fourth floor for the first time, then I will send you in directly later, which will save some time."

"As for obtaining some powerful fighting skills or treasures in the palace, it all depends on your good fortune and luck," Mu Xuzi said with a smile.

"Damn, this old man actually uses power for personal gain..."

"Thank you for not rushing in just now..."

"It's okay." As Mu Xuzi spoke, the people who were here suddenly breathed a sigh of relief in their hearts.

"Let's go!" However, before everyone could react, there was an aura of vicissitudes on Mu Xuzi's body that was exactly the same as in Shimen, and then a mysterious halo lit up under everyone's feet!

The next moment, all the people here disappeared, and when Du appeared, they had already entered the Dou Ji Pavilion.

"You're too bad, right?" Xiong Yuan said dumbfounded.

"You don't understand, so you can train them."

"Next, let's wait and see."

"Among the new disciples this time, there are many excellent seedlings, I hope you won't let me down." After Mu Xuzi finished speaking, he slowly stared at Shimen in the sky, apparently preparing to guard it here. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: