Chapter Vol 4 2148: Pope, Miffel!

The holy city is empty and collapsed.

Countless sacred rays of light were corroded and corroded by the green demonic energy, and a sense of brokenness emerged spontaneously.

Thousands of miles of vast sky in Mianyang collapsed like abyss pits on the ground. The heavy breath was like a hundred thousand catties of mountains pressing on their bodies, making their legs weak, and there was a kind of adoration. feel!

Everyone just thinks that the two who are fighting now are beyond the realm of human beings. The lives of all the creatures here seem to be within their thoughts!

The feeling of suffocation, the numbness of the scalp, and the emergence of many senses, the muscles tightened uncontrollably, and even trembled.

There is no need to doubt at all, if it is hit by any one of the two above the sky, even Daluo Jinxian will only end up sadly falling!

"I didn't want to have a grudge with you..."

"Unfortunately, you are one of Ji Yun'er's accomplices."

"In the words of your human beings, although good and evil will eventually be rewarded, the way of heaven is good for reincarnation!"

The demon emperor walked step by step, ignoring the shocking fluctuations in the sky, his face did not change, and he was calm, but his demonic aura had already blocked all of Black's retreats, making Black's defense useless.

The strength of the two is not on the same level at all!

In the sky, the angel soul shadow on Blake's angel wings has long been riddled with holes, and his brewing attack was disintegrated by him, and now what is left for him seems to be only the demon emperor's infinite anger.

"Angel Shenghui, destroy him for me!!!"

At this moment, Blake was completely panicked. He had no idea what was wrong with this perfect plan?

Anger swept through, and he looked at the collapsed Holy See guards below, only to find that the priestess Yuri was missing.

All of your information was collected through the two priests and the Pope, and when this grand trial was held, the two priests did not refute anything?

Even the Pope mysteriously disappeared at this juncture?

Thinking of this, Blake's complexion could not help contorting, and a more disturbing wave swept out.

"Blake, it's over."

The demon emperor stepped on the azure light and walked towards Blake step by step. Above his body, a bottomless green black hole vortex emerged!

"I am an angel!"

"It's the supreme **** in the world, you absolutely can't kill me!"

"Angel Six Wings!!!"

Blake is naturally afraid of death, and now he can only completely detonate the six angel wings behind him, trying to survive.

"Crack!" A sound!

The demon emperor's palm suddenly protruded, and the giant palm filled with endless green demonic energy instantly pierced through the void, and the crisp voice was piercing and eye-catching in the sky above the holy city.

Black, who had a divine halo on his body, and the six angel wings behind him were forcibly broken by a huge palm in an instant!

"Ah ah ah!"

A roar that went deep into the bone marrow emerged from Blake's mouth, and his pupils shrank immediately, looking at the demon emperor who was so close in front of him in disbelief, extremely puzzled!

why!

According to records, the demon emperor's strength is only around the third and fourth layers, so why is he so tyrannical?

With his current state, facing the demon emperor in anger, even if he has the sixth wing, he might be powerless to fight back!

The strength of the Demon Emperor is simply not something he can disobey!

Although he is also reincarnation, the reincarnation power in the two bodies is very different!

Self-exploding six angel wings is as irrelevant to the demon emperor as tickling?

How terrifying is the strength of this demon emperor?

"You...you deserve it."

The Demon Emperor didn't bother to pay attention to it. With a sudden grasp of his palm, the five broken angel purple wings instantly exploded, turning into soft threads of light and falling down. As for the sixth wing, it also shattered with a bang.

"Tick tock."

Behind Black, drops of bright red blood dripped from the sky, and a harsh thunder sound erupted from the void below along the way, and even when it touched the ground below, a huge pit of thousands of meters suddenly appeared.

The blood of angels, the might of God is vast!

"Wong buzzing!"

The Demon Emperor showed no mercy, his palms were raised, and circles of green energy released, hitting Black instantly.

The entire sky was deadly quiet, and the shock in the hearts of countless people could not be calmed down for a long time.

"Blake... is dead."

After about a minute of touching, Black's body above the sky completely turned into countless powders and dissipated between the heavens and the earth. The demon of light smiled sweetly, and his voice was full of relief.

After the Holy See ended, she could follow the demon emperor back to the demon world. Although she had done a lot of wrong things, as long as the demon emperor was by her side, Liu Yun felt extremely at ease.

"It doesn't seem quite right."

Xiao Yan did not answer the Devil of Light, his eyes kept sweeping around, the power of the devil and the power of the holy flame stirred together, and a strong uneasiness emanated from the blood in the body.

There seems to be some ancient power that is waking up at a fast speed.

With that level of fluctuation, the power is absolutely no less than Black, or even above it!

"Why hasn't he come back?"

"It's not advisable to stay in the human world for a long time, little guy, we are going back to the demon world."

"Thank you."

The Demon of Light smiled at Xiao Yan, and after saying that, he tapped his toes lightly, preparing to swipe away at the Demon Emperor above the sky.

"What is the demon emperor doing..."

"What is he... waiting for?"

In an instant, Gu Xingtian's eyes suddenly opened and he lost his voice.

At the same time, he looked at a quiet hall in the back hill of the Holy See Holy City.

"Wong buzzing!"

At this moment, the ancient Sanskrit sounds swept across the entire holy city, and countless wind chimes containing sacred aura hummed, and the golden dragon clock tower in the holy city shook, and strips of golden energy composed of light energy. The dragon shadow instantly swept the ground and sky of the entire holy city.

On the bodies of dozens of golden dragons, they are extremely sacred, and a halo of ethereal aura emerges. At the same time, they fly towards a temple on the back of the holy city It seems that they are welcoming the arrival of a big man!

"not good!"

"be careful!"

In an instant, Xiao Yan didn't have time to think too much. It seemed that he was just relying on his instinct to pounce on the demon of light. A golden holy dragon suddenly strung into the void. In the blink of an eye, it emerged from the void behind the demon of light and came through the void.

"Puff."

The golden holy dragon attacked and fell, but did not hit Xiao Yan and the two of them, but a piece of land below exploded directly and turned into countless dust.

"Dong, dong, dong!"

After the demon emperor stifled all of Black's power, he looked at Xiao Yan's original position, the void began to squirm, and a blond man stepped out slowly.

The void there suddenly vibrated, forming a milky white storm of light. In the center of the storm, a figure dressed in purple robes stood far away. In his eyes, there was unparalleled pressure, and his eyes were staring at himself!

"Haha, it's really surprising that the Demon Emperor came to my Doudi Continent Vatican branch in person."

The blond man's voice was soft, but he gave everyone an unfathomable aura from beginning to end!

"Pope of the Holy See, Miffel!"

A trembling from the depths of the soul swept out from the body of the demon of light, and did not dissipate for a long time.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: