Chapter 153: arrive!

During this month, Xiao Yan has also been reclusive, and has been in seclusion in his room to adjust his state. After all, although he understands some of the rules of Xuan Santian, it is always better for his strength to return to the peak, so that he can remain unchanged. Should change.

Xiao Yan did not expect such a big after-effect of the explosion of the clones condensed by using soul power before in Wucheng. It seems that in the future, using soul power to condense clones should be extra careful.

Otherwise, if the power of the soul in the future damages the foundation, then not only will Xiao Yan's strength be stagnant, but even his medicine refining skills will be stagnant.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At the level of Emperor Dou, it is not surprising that a retreat can be as little as a few months, or as many as a few years.

The one month period was also slowly coming to an end during Xiao Yan's retreat.

Xiao Yan, who was still in seclusion in the room, also slowly exhaled, and then opened his only closed eyes.

"It's finally recovered." After he finished speaking, he felt that the energy in his body had recovered to its peak, and the power of his soul had also swept through his body.

According to Xiao Yan's current estimation, his current strength is also at the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, and he is only one step away from the four-star Dou Emperor.

"Master, the holy flame you mentioned..."

"Hey hey hey..." Xiao Yan has also been thinking about the holy flame that his master Jinlong King said was hidden within the Xuantian three days. Yan has evolved his own cultivation technique. Even though this Heavenly Rank cultivation technique is not trivial on the Dou Qi Continent, Xiao Yan can still feel the difficulty in Dou Di Continent now.

If a battle is not resolved quickly, then if it drags on, it will only be Xiao Yan who suffers.

"You kid..." The Golden Dragon King also laughed loudly when he heard that.

"During the almost a month of your retreat, I also tried to communicate with that holy flame, but I don't know why, it seems that I was blocked by an invisible force..." The Golden Dragon King also pondered.

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan's eyes sank. If this holy flame was blocked by a layer of invisible power, then if he could still be blocked by the power of his master, the Golden Dragon King, that person's strength is also Extraordinary…

"But you don't have to worry too much. Maybe the distance is too far, so the induction is a little weak, but don't worry, I can feel it, this holy flame is also an ownerless thing now."

"And your worries are superfluous. My current state of soul is less than one-tenth of my peak strength, so being blocked doesn't mean that person is strong, so this is normal." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

Xiao Yan also felt relieved when he heard the words, and then retracted the soul restraint he had arranged.

The "ferry boat" was originally driving in the dark space passage, but after Xiao Yan opened his eyes, a ray of light slowly appeared.

Feeling the dazzling brightness, Xiao Yan also put his eyes on him and muttered to himself, "Is it finally coming..."

"Huh?" Just as his eyes were on the exit of the space passage, Xiao Yan suddenly felt an unprecedented strong fighting spirit from that bright place! Such a strong grudge was something Xiao Yan had never seen before.

Feeling this situation, Xiao Yan also got up, then opened the window in the room and looked outside.

The originally dark space channel also suddenly disappeared, and the birds, beasts and birds of the forest continent also appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"It's really strong fighting spirit!"

"However, why is this fighting qi different from what I had absorbed before?" Xiao Yan's huge soul power also felt the abundant fighting qi of this land, and he said something strange after absorbing a little bit of it.

"It's better to say that it is emperor's qi rather than fighting qi."

"Because these rich emperor qi are specially designed for Dou Emperor to absorb and cultivate, at the level of Dou Emperor, it is quite difficult to absorb Dou Qi to increase his cultivation. It is even more difficult for the emperor to break through the current state."

"That's why ordinary Dou Qi is like a drop in the bucket for Dou Di to absorb more, so this Emperor Qi is undoubtedly much stronger than ordinary Dou Qi, and it is more suitable for Dou Di strong to absorb and cultivate."

"After all, this emperor's qi is the greatest treasure known as the Dou Di rank." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also nodded. No wonder he couldn't be promoted to Dou Di in Dou Qi Continent anyway. It turns out that a strong Dou Di must absorb Emperor Qi.

From this so-called emperor qi is enough to the importance of the strong fighting emperor.

The so-called Emperor Qi also has another title on the Dou Qi Continent: the Origin Qi of the Emperor.

"Wake up, get ready, it will be Xuan Santian soon." Just when Xiao Yan was surprised by the emperor's anger, a voice also entered their minds.

The source of this voice is Hu Du.

When everyone heard that, they also packed up their belongings a little, and then walked out one after another.

Hu Du saw that everyone appeared equally well, and he nodded with satisfaction. After all, when he was picking up the lead before, someone assassinated each other, which caused the task of his lead to fail.

"In half a day, we will arrive at Xuan Santian."

"When the time comes, you will follow me to the destination of this reception." After speaking, he closed his eyes.

"I heard that we didn't go directly to Xuan Santian. Before joining Xuantian's sect, we have to conduct a test and selection."

"And the location of testing and selection is the end of our trip."

"Where are we going to meet countless other geniuses who are also from the Xuanling Continent."

"But I also believe that there will be a more exciting stage." Wang Zhong also said.

"Then let's see who will stand at the top of this trial." Sun Ming is also not weak at all. Wang Zhongdao can't ask for it. "Xiao Yan also responded, obviously this will be a brand new beginning.

"Xuan three days?"

"I'm really looking forward to it..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

The few people on the side also saw Xiao Yan and the others were so arrogant, and their blood was boiling. They all had different looks in their eyes. Obviously, they had already made plans in their hearts.

In Xuantian's highest place, a figure with a long sword on his back also stood on it.

The mountains here are dangerous, the mountains are high, the wild beasts are frequent in the mountains, and there are few people. It is a desolate place.

But at the same time, it is also an extremely suitable place for cultivation.

"Are you all ready?" The figure with the long sword on his back also said softly to the void.

"It's all ready, just wait for the people who Hu Du to lead to arrive, and then we can start." A respectful voice also twisted from the space and an old man in white appeared.

"That's good."

"Go down." The figure with the long sword on his back also said.

"Yes!" The void space twisted and disappeared.

"The ghost world, the passage between the devil world and my Xuan Santian seems to have some different movements recently."

"I hope there will be some talented seedlings in this selection, otherwise my Wanjianmen will want to..." He said that he didn't continue talking here.

Ask for a ticket~