Chapter Vol 4 1105: The evolution of burning battle, the pinnacle of Dou Di!

"Regulate the aura in the body first." With an idea in mind, he was going to use the power of holy flame to evolve Burning Jue. Then Xiao Yan tried to recover the fighting qi that was consumed by swallowing holy flame before. After all, with Xiao Yan's temperament, it was not a last resort. Don't do things you are not sure about.

"The speed of recovery of Dou Qi is really slow." In order to devour the source of holy flame, Xiao Yan had consumed a lot of power. Even if he uses some high-level medicinal pills now, the recovery speed is not as fast as he imagined. Xiao Yan frowned.

As we all know, the cultivation of human beings has always been dominated by fighting qi. Even the power of life and death and the power of fighting immortals can be collectively referred to as fighting qi.

And now Xiao Yan, the power of life and death as high as the ninth rank in the body, consumes a lot, but no matter how Xiao Yan devours the medicinal pill, the recovery speed is extremely slow.

"It seems that after the evolution of Fen Jue, it's time to start refining medicine." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, closing his eyes and sinking.

And this recovery, it actually took a full five hours to completely return to the peak.

"Come on!" After Xiao Yan's internal strength returned to its peak, Xiao Yan also smiled indifferently, obviously looking forward to using the two types of holy flame evolutionary burning arts.

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, come out." Xiao Yan flicked his fingers, and suddenly a cyan flame slowly and quietly came out from the tip of his finger.

This cyan flame is mixed with extremely small black ghost qi. If Xiao Yan wants to use ghost qi, he can turn it into ghost qi just by directly activating it.

"Fen Jue!" And watching this scene, Xiao Yan licked the corner of his mouth lightly, and then deep inside his body, the extremely mysterious Fen Jue immediately spun at a high speed!

"Crash!" With the operation of Fen Jue, in the entire Holy Flame space, a huge suction force directly centered on Xiao Yan and spread out in all directions.

"This is the Holy Flame Space, but there is nothing that can be absorbed by you... If you want to absorb it, then it is!" And Xiao Yan looked at the scene created by Fen Jue, not only did he have no doubts, but he was also happy stand up!

Because Xiao Yan discovered that since Fen Jue had absorbed and refined the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock and reached the middle stage of the immortal rank, every time he ran, he would bring a huge suction force, as if he was eager to infuse the tyrannical power. in.

Although Xiao Yan was puzzled, he could feel that every time Fen Jue attracted the power, it would be neutralized and fed back to him!

"Boom boom boom!" Fen Jue deep within Xiao Yan's body exuded a tyrannical suction, and after finding that this sacred flame space had no power, he set his eyes on the blue flame at Xiao Yan's fingertips.

Because this azure flame is the source of the holy flame of ghost face and soul flame, and its strength is probably not comparable to other heaven and earth energies.

"Want to swallow it..."

"That's what you want!" And Xiao Yan also noticed this interesting scene, he couldn't help laughing directly, and then the blue holy flame crystal flickered directly, and then a blue flame, directly facing the deep inside the body. The executions gathered and left.

"Gugugu!" With Xiao Yan activating the ghost face and soul flame, a huge source of holy flames poured out frantically, and was immediately absorbed by Fen Jue.

"Ah ah ah!" Even if Xiao Yan was prepared, when the ghost face and soul flames poured into Fen Jue's running route deep within his body, a heart-piercing pain caused Xiao Yan to hug his hands tightly. Head, a scream burst out suddenly!

Although Fen Jue was able to increase the rank by swallowing the flames and strange fires, and even let Xiao Yan's strength skyrocket directly, but the two processes of swallowing the holy flame and the evolution method were enough for Xiao Yan to endure.

It was just like the voice Xiao Yan heard when he got the complete Burning Judgment.

"This exercise takes the world and the earth, and thinks about heaven and hell."

Devouring holy flames and evolving a cultivation technique, I am afraid that only some lunatics would come up with this extreme method.

However, when Xiao Yan was on the Dou Qi Continent, he knew that if he took it over, he would be able to capture his tyrannical strength.

"Come again for me!" And Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and stubbornly held his bones, still controlling the soul power in his body, urging the cyan holy flame crystal, and the source of holy flames kept pouring into the Fen Jue Cultivation Technique route, only Only in this way can we evolve Burning Jue.

"Weng buzzing!" It seemed that Xiao Yan was in extreme pain. The heart on Xiao Yan's chest beat violently. Give less points.

"Yingying..." Upon realizing this scene, Xiao Yan's heart also warmed slightly.

With the help of the azure holy flame, Xiao Yan's pain was greatly reduced.

"Don't go..." And when Xiao Yan was about to succeed, the blue flame was like a runaway horse, directly facing the burning determination deep within Xiao Yan's body.

"Alas..." And the ethereal ice flame has the magical effect of peace of mind, even if it poured directly into Xiao Yan's body, it did not cause much pain.

Xiao Yan originally did not intend to use Mu Yingying's holy flame to evolve Fen Jue. After all, he owed Mu Yingying first, and he wanted to compensate Mu Yingying as much as possible.

At this time, Xiao Yan is not considered to have swallowed Mu Yingying, because Mu Yingying is a sacrifice, and she is willing, enough to let Xiao Yan use the holy flame power of the ethereal ice flame, but Xiao Yan is also afraid of the event, so he still thinks Retain Mu Yingying's holy flame source for future resurrection.

"Boom boom boom!" With the influx of ghost face soul flames and ethereal ice flames, Xiao Yan's body was like a furnace, and the intense energy in his body was enough to blow up a Dou Di strong!

"It's going to explode!"

"Feng Jue, don't you want to smoke?"

"Then give me enough!" Xiao Yan shouted forcibly suppressing his thoughts of Mu Yingying, and said directly.

"Weng Om Om!" Fen Jue seemed extremely happy to receive Xiao Yan's approval. A huge vortex was formed directly above Xiao Yan's mind, and the power of Ghost Face Soul Flame and Ethereal Ice Flame were all absorbed by him.

"Crash!" As Fen Jue completely absorbed the power of the two holy flames, Xiao Yan suddenly found that a cold power slowly swept his body.

And under the irrigation of this icy force, the forces of life and death that were incompatible with each other in Xiao Yan's body actually merged at a speed visible to the naked eye, and they merged together in a short time.

"Ah ah ah... Damn..." A scream, accompanied by a surge of tyrannical strength, slowly surged in the holy flame space.

"Feng Jue... the middle stage of the Holy Rank..."

"And the strength... is also a bit scary."

"The Dou Emperor is at its peak." After a while, Xiao Yan smiled slightly under the infusion of icy power.

However, before Xiao Yan could make a move, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that in the Fen Jue Cultivation Technique line, a more powerful force was slowly flowing towards Xiao Yan's limbs.

"Damn, stop for me!" The next moment, when he noticed the appearance of this power, not only did Xiao Yan not feel any joy, but even a trace of fear appeared in his heart!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм