Chapter Vol 4 1696: Xeon attitude!

"Huhu... The powerhouses in the early stage of Six-Star Dou Xian are still quite strenuous." Looking at Chen Xi, who was getting weaker and weaker in front of him, Xiao Yan shook his head and said, being able to arrest this guy also made Xiao Yan use a lot of methods. Such as the fighting spirit of immortality and the fighting skills of pressing the bottom of the box.

However, Xiao Yan's ability to kill Chenxi so easily has a lot to do with Chenxi's indifference. After all, although Chenxi is cautious, the pride in his bones is the key to his downfall. If you ask a six-star fighting immortal to deal with a five-star fighting immortal, you need to take out all the Strength, that is too weak.

"Boy, if you kill me, the strong men in the senate will definitely rip you off!" Chen Xi, who was constantly tortured by the undead fire feather, couldn't help roaring, his figure became more and more illusory. The fire burned, the soul body became more and more illusory, and it was vaguely distorted and ugly.

"Fall down." Xiao Yan simply smiled when he heard the words, the body of the undead ghost above his body burst out with faint rays of light, and shot it directly.

"Weng Om!" After a while, Chenxi, who was as arrogant as the six-star Dou Xian in the early stage, completely fell into Xiao Yan's hands, and all the remaining power was swallowed up by the undead ghost, or burned into ashes by the undead fire. .

"Crack." With the fall of Chenxi, this area easily disintegrated, and Xiao Yan's body quickly returned to the hall.

"Where's Yuanfeng?" Just returned here, and before he found Yuanfeng's figure, Xiao Yan looked around suspiciously.

"Go in and take a look." After a while, a void in the hall trembled strangely, where Yuan Feng and several people came from the battle ground, so that's why.

"Hahaha!"

"Yuanfeng, although your power is tyrannical, you are trying to intercept the two of us with one person's strength, but it is a bit of a fool's dream..."

"Now the lamp is running out of oil, and it's time to fall!" In the void, there is a strange cyan picture as a whole. In the picture, countless water currents are rolling, and above the water current, Yuan Feng's figure is crumbling, but instead On the bodies of the other two, the surging power filled the air, and then a sense of awe filled the place.

"The power of these two **** is indeed tyrannical." Yuan Feng's face was ashen, and a trace of paleness appeared on his cheeks. He obviously suffered a lot of damage. In addition to the obstruction of the water area under his feet, his thunder power dropped significantly. , failure is only a matter of time.

"Suffer to death!" After a while, the two of them didn't hesitate, and the sharp attack on their palms was like a sharp blade, roaring directly at Yuan Feng.

"Thunder Crane Barrier!" Yuan Feng didn't dare to take it lightly when he saw such a tyrannical attack from the two. The silver thunderbolts all over his body shook violently, and for a while, an indestructible silver thunder wall emerged around his body. .

The Thunder Crane Barrier is like a fortress, completely surrounding Yuanfeng's body, and around him, there are circles of thunder, pushing his breath to the extreme.

"Boom!" With a sound, Xu Xuan and Li Yuan attacked and landed on Yuanfeng's thunder barrier, and a harsh sound filled the void.

"Thunder Wall, break it for me!" After blinking, looking at the dense cracks on the Thunder Barrier, Yuan Feng did not have any hesitation, he squeezed his palm suddenly, and the Thunder Barrier exploded directly like fireworks. The energy turned out to make the domain of the water domain tremble slightly.

"Yuanfeng, give me death!" Although the sound and energy of the explosion of the Thunder Barrier were violent, it didn't block much time in front of the two who were also in the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. When the two reacted, the bright fluctuations suddenly appeared emerge.

"Damn it..." Yuan Feng naturally knew that he was no longer the opponent of the two of them, so he had no choice but to blow up the Thunder Barrier and try to escape from here. Unfortunately, this move was discovered by him, and all the way back was immediately cut off. The corners of Feng's mouth and heart became hot, and a crazy thought filled out.

"Death!" The two of them naturally didn't want to let him go. Looking at Yuan Feng, who was so ill, the dark brown Dou Qi and the cyan Dou Qi emerged together, and immediately turned into a sharp energy blade, pointing directly at Yuan Feng with a sharp spearhead. rich.

The combined force of the two six-star fighting immortal mid-stage powerhouses is so tyrannical, but it is suffocating.

"Looks like this is a fate."

"However..." Yuan Feng's strength is now weak and his breath is sluggish. The sharp energy blade is constantly expanding in his pupils, but he has no fear, but is somewhat relieved.

"Boom!" Just when Yuanfeng was about to use self-destruction to try to obliterate the two, a three-color flame suddenly emerged from the void in front of Yuanfeng, and then he slowly wrapped his body.

Above the three-color flame, khaki, cyan, and gray each occupy one-third, seemingly one body, but in fact, the three-color flame is filled with three completely different forces.

"This is..." And it was this power that calmed the restless fighting spirit in Yuanfeng's body, but Yuanfeng was surprised that this power seemed to be quite familiar...

Is it...

"Xiao Yan?" Looking up, he found that right above the domain, a thin figure stood on top of it, and a black vortex appeared around him.

"Sorry, Captain Yuan, I'm a little late." Xiao Yan waved his hand at will, and his speed immediately soared, heading towards Yuan Feng's side.

"Damn chopsticks, actually destroying my domain!" Li Yuan couldn't help scolding looking at the void where the bumps suddenly disappeared above the entire void.

Li Yuan is originally a water attribute, and this domain is his water domain. The special effect of his domain is that he can ignore part of the damage, which greatly reduces the power of Yuanfeng's thunder, so he is defeated.

"Xiao Yan Shaoxia, hurry up, why are you..." Seeing Xiao Yan being so reckless, Yuan Feng couldn't help but hurriedly said.

"Captain Yuan, don't worry." Seeing Yuan Feng's hurried expression, Xiao Yan slowly came to his side and smiled.

"Little bastards, courting death!" Seeing this, Xu Xuan and Li Yuan didn't worry too much, but smiled slightly.

However, at this time, Xiao Yan's body was filled with the phantom of the fighting soul, and the three-color flames surrounded him like a elf. Even the arms, the strange colors and the strange scales, made people feel chills.

The most important thing is Xiao Yan's current strength, the peak of the six-star Dou Xian early stage!

That's right, not the original five-star fighting immortal middle stage, but the peak of the six-star fighting immortal early stage after the Soul Swallowing Flame Technique skyrocketed!

In addition to the many means of fighting spirit and dragon **** transformation and the mid-term powerhouse of the six-star fighting fairy can also fight!

"The peak of the six-star fighting immortal initial stage?"

"What the **** is going on with this guy?" Xu Xuan's attack was meant to be a random attack, but they found that Xiao Yan could easily break it, and immediately hesitated.

"The peak of the six-star fighting immortal early stage?" Yuan Feng, who was already anxious, shrank his pupils and wondered when he heard the words.

"How could it be possible..." In an instant, Yuan Feng couldn't help muttering when he sensed the dazzling fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body, which was indeed the peak of the early stage of Six-Star Fighting Immortals.

"Captain Yuan, leave it to me next."

"Two six-star fighting immortal middle stage..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the corners of his mouth couldn't help licking, and immediately a terrifying aura like a death **** filled out!

Even a pink field can easily completely replace Li Yuan's water field!

"monster!"

"This guy is definitely a monster!"

"Li Yuan, do it!" Seeing such a terrifying Xiao Yan, Xu Xuan's face finally changed obviously!

At this moment, Xiao Yan truly posed a deadly threat to the two of them. That feeling was no less than that of the late stage Seven Star Fighting Immortals!