Chapter Vol 4 945: Resurrect Xiao Xuan!

"Ancestor, don't be impatient, now is a great opportunity to revive you." Xiao Yan said with a hint of relief in his heart upon hearing this extremely familiar voice.

This voice is exactly the same as what I heard on the Dou Qi Continent!

"You kid, you have a heart." In fact, the last trace of Xiao Xuan's spirituality remains in the life imprint, and that spirituality has reached the point where it can almost be said to be destroyed, but the Golden Dragon King relies on the mother of the fairy bodhi tree. The incomparably powerful effect of nourishing the soul and the unique power of the dragon king can barely release this trace of wisdom. Otherwise, if there is no golden dragon king, I am afraid that Xiao Yan wants to revive Xiao Xuan.

Just now, it seemed that the Golden Dragon King made an understatement, but only the Golden Dragon King knew the difficulties.

"Yeah." There was a slight voice in the imprint of life.

Through the technique of the Golden Dragon King just now, and with Xiao Yan's Soul Rejuvenation Pill, Xiao Xuan's imprint of life was full of vitality at this time, which was a good time for resurrection.

"Ancestor Xiao Xuan, give you a trace of soul power!" The next moment, Xiao Yan directly wrapped the refined body in Emperor Yan again and said.

"Go!" Imprint of Life heard the words, a very faint light scattered slightly, and went towards Xiao Yan's palm.

"Give me in!" Xiao Yan had just touched this trace of soul power in his hands, but without even looking at it, he directly wrapped Xiao Xuan's soul power with Emperor Yan and walked away towards his body!

This step is essential. After all, all the soul power in this new body has been erased by Xiao Yan. If you want to be resurrected, you will undoubtedly need soul power to nourish the body, so that the body is familiar with Xiao Xuan's soul power. There will be no exclusion.

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Xuan's soul power entered it, a loud bang suddenly emerged.

"Give me silence!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but a terrifying wave was born directly, suppressing the restlessness!

In a short while, the body was full of fire, and at the same time, Xiao Xuan's soul power had already occupied the body.

"The ancestors have already swallowed the shape-returning pill, and now there is a shortage of blood essence." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, taking every step with extreme care, for fear that something might go wrong.

Seeing that everything was ready, Xiao Yan quickly took out the blood essence of the Five Elements Beast from the collection ring.

An extremely exquisite jade bottle appeared, and in the jade bottle, a stream of colorful blood was quietly waiting in it.

And through this jade bottle, you can also feel an extremely **** violent power from it.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's technique was extremely fast, directly projecting the jade bottle onto his body, and then relying on Di Yan, the blood essence burst open instantly and sprinkled on the body without a drop.

As soon as the blood essence was stained on the body, the body suddenly twitched, as if the power in the blood was too powerful, but fortunately, with Xiao Yan neutralizing it, there was no major disturbance!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, the flesh and blood on the body was rapidly eroding.

After a while, through the blood essence of the five-element beast, it has been transformed into a body of white bones, and the blood is growing wildly!

The reason for doing this step is to change the limit of the body, and another is to change the appearance, otherwise it will be a troublesome thing when people of Mingjiao find out.

After touching it for about an hour, the body became softer, and even the skin became rosy.

"Ancestor, come in!" At the next moment, the pupils of that body suddenly opened, and Xiao Yan suddenly said in a deep voice.

Hearing the words, Xiao Xuan's life imprint was suddenly strung into his body, and at the same time, a stream of extremely dazzling emperor flames also burned his body.

And as Xiao Xuan's imprint of life poured into his body, a mysterious wave immediately radiated from the imprint of life, and slowly spread out to the limbs and bones of the body. energy.

And when Xiao Yan saw this, he didn't talk nonsense either. With a flick of his finger, five drops of blood essence suddenly poured out from his fingertips and went towards his body!

Although there is the blood essence of the Five Elements beasts, the taste of the Xiao clan is missing after all, but five drops of blood essence have just appeared, and Xiao Yan feels a strong sense of weakness in his body. Obviously, the five drops of blood essence are a burden to Xiao Yan. extremely large.

"This kid is indeed a person who values ​​love and righteousness." The Golden Dragon King on the side did not stop Xiao Yan, but admired Xiao Yan's audacity.

"Weng Om Om!" And the five drops of dark red blood essence just came to the body, an extremely tyrannical force of repulsion directly repelled it, and then quickly fed back to Xiao Yan.

"This……"

"Ancestor, you..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be moved when he saw this sudden scene.

These five drops of blood essence were condensed by Xiao Yan for Xiao Xuan's ancestor, but after Xiao Yan's imprint of life was integrated into his body, he directly sent the five drops of blood essence back to Xiao Yan!

Xiao Xuan knows a lot about blood essence. These five drops of blood essence can be said to be a huge drain on Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan is the hope of their Xiao clan. affect the foundation.

However, it can be seen that Xiao Yan's determination to resurrect his ancestor Xiao Xuan Ancestor, hold on. "

"In this last step, success or failure is up to you." Xiao Yan looked at the imprint of life into his body, but he couldn't help but worry.

"Successful?" The Golden Dragon King said slowly, looking at the figure whose strength was gradually awakening in his body.

"not yet."

"Now that all the work has been done, the next thing is to wait."

"Only the ancestors who have withstood the tempering of Emperor Yan and gradually gained control of this body can be called a success." Xiao Yan said with a solemn expression.

The next step is the most important and crucial step. If you can't resist the tempering of Emperor Yan, I am afraid that this last trace of life will be completely reduced to ashes.

"Boom!" The raging fire continued to burn in the body, and there was an extremely fierce dispute in the body.

A day passed in a blink of an eye.

During this day, Xiao Yan stared at the body, for fear that something might go wrong, but fortunately, the restlessness of the body, from the very intense at the beginning, to the quiet now, and Xiao Yan could feel a familiar aura It is slowly being born in this body.

"Where is this..." A very familiar voice slowly came from the awakened Xiao Xuan's mouth.

"Finally successful..." Hearing this familiar voice, the big stone in Xiao Yan's heart finally fell, and a smile radiated from the figure in front of him.