Chapter Vol 4 1257: Withered leaves that fell into the wind

"Humph."

"Boy, don't be too happy too soon!"

"Although you have a fighting spirit, and you can even use the purity of the flame to eliminate the property of water defeating fire, don't forget that your strength is only in the early stage of the two-star fighting immortal!"

"I'm afraid you don't know where you are fooling around when the old man's strength reaches the initial stage of the two-star Dou Xian!" Ye Yunqing, as the strength of the three-star Dou Xian early stage, how could he be frightened by Xiao Yan's fighting spirit.

"Stop talking nonsense, I'm also looking forward to the powerhouses in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, how much more tyrannical I can be!" Xiao Yan's voice contained an air of arrogance and arrogance.

"Yep?"

"I see..." But when Xiao Yan was about to start, he received a rather weak soul power, the source of which came from Yu Tianyue.

"I hope so..." After Ye Yunqing finished speaking, the dazzling attack was condensed!

Although it is true that with the assistance of the fighting spirit and the holy flame, the direct gap between the two can be bridged in a short time, but if you want to defeat Ye Yunqing, you have to use two kinds of holy flames!

And once the two kinds of holy flames are used, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's ghost face and soul flame will be exposed in an instant, and it will be enough to become a thorn in everyone's eyes, so Xiao Yan does not dare to expose the ghost face and soul flame.

"Shui Lingjian!" The next moment, Ye Yunqing snorted coldly, and suddenly a pair of swords with a faint blue light was slowly condensed by it!

This pair of swords was condensed by Ye Yunqing using his water-type fighting qi, and its power should not be underestimated.

"This guy is not low on the use of water attributes... It seems that he has to come up with some means to cooperate with Sect Master Yu." In order not to reveal all his strengths, Xiao Yan tried his best to reserve. After all, he had to participate in the future Compared with Dongzhou, if he exposes too many methods here, it will undoubtedly have a certain impact on him in the future.

"Undying Mingyan!" Xiao Yan didn't do too much, and the dazzling fighting spirit power was directly activated, and then the ruthless aura of the Undying Mingque that penetrated into the bone marrow slowly radiated out!

Don't underestimate the phantom of the fighting spirit that surrounds Xiao Yan, but it has provided a lot of blessings to Xiao Yan's defense and the power of the fire attribute!

"Crash!" An angry roar emanated directly from the phantom on Xiao Yan's body, and then the yellow-gray flame, like a ray of annihilating light, burst out at Ye Yunqing in an instant.

"Small worm-carving trick!" Ye Yunqing said with a light smile, clenching the water spirit sword in his hand instantly, and facing Xiao Yan's attack, he drew dozens of sword beams one after another and roared away.

"Crash!" The dazzling attack fell off the water spirit sword, and the spirit sword, which was completely composed of water, turned out to be scattered dozens of tyrannical water columns, and flew towards Xiao Yan, its attack strength was strong, A terrifying two-star fighting immortal would not dare to take it hard.

"Boom boom boom." The two attacks just touched, and they suddenly turned into waves of heat, which slowly counteracted.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Strange. How can this guy be so powerless... What is he doing?" Ye Yunqing and Xiao Yan fought several times, but did not find that Xiao Yan used his proud soul power, even after using the fighting spirit. , the attack that broke out was not enough to threaten him, which made Ye Yunqing, who has always been calm, couldn't help muttering.

"Distraction will kill you!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed and he came directly in front of Ye Yunqing. With the increase of his fighting spirit, his hands and feet became his best weapons for close combat.

"Damn, you bastard!" Seeing Xiao Yan's aggressive approach, Ye Yunqing snorted coldly, and just wanted to use the Water Spirit Sword to defend, but Xiao Yan didn't give him any chance. Terrifying breath.

"What is Master Xiao Yan doing?" The injured Rain Sect powerhouse below was also a little puzzled.

Possessing a fighting spirit, and even that terrifying flame, the combined strength of the two makes it easy to deal with Ye Yunqing, but outside of the battle outside of them, naturally they cannot find out that Xiao Yan is fighting Ye Yunqing and seems to be preparing something at the same time. .

The other two battles were also intractable for a while.

The first is the battle between Ye Shuang and Yumu. The strength of the two is equal, so it may be difficult to tell the winner for a long time. However, the battle between the two three-star fighting immortals in the late stage is quite exciting. Every once in a while, there will be shocks The fluctuation of the heart.

"This bastard, the yin protector, actually thought of enjoying the success..." Ye Ku scolded in the bottom of his heart while resisting Yu Tianyue's tyrannical attack.

Outsiders only know that he and Yu Tianyue are the same powerhouses in the late Samsung Dou Xian, but only the two of them know the difference.

"Ye Ku, it's only been ten years since we last fought, but your current strength is not as good as before." Yu Tianyue suddenly stopped and smiled at Ye Ku.

However, what Ling Yu Tianyue did not expect was that Xiao Yan, this kid actually had two kinds of wonders, holy flame and fighting spirit, and also wiped out the five elders of the late two-star fighting immortal. At this time, relying on holy flame and fighting spirit The strength temporarily held back Ye Yunqing in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, which made Yu Tianyue's evaluation of Xiao Yan especially higher.

"Humph."

"Rainy days, old man Yue, you are so mad!" Ye Ku clenched his teeth angrily when he heard the words.

In the fight ten years ago, the two of them had just reached the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, so they reached a tie, but now that they are fighting, Ye Ku has a feeling of being a big enemy now!

This Yu Tianyue didn't know what kind of **** luck was going, but his strength actually reached the peak of the late Samsung Fighting Immortals!

And although he Ye Ku has experienced ten years, he has only just stabilized his realm. If he really wants to say, he is only an intermediate level in the late Samsung Dou Xian, and he is still one step away from the peak!

But it's really this step away, which makes the strength of the two deviate!

Therefore, Ye Ku's defeat is only a matter of time.

"I've been planning since the space formation happened, so this time I'm actually betting..."

"But I won the bet, and you came anyway." After a while, Yu Tianyue suddenly laughed.

"You!" Ye Ku heard the words and seemed to sense something!

"Xiao Yan, do it!" The next moment, Yu Tianyue said directly.

"It's not good!" When he noticed that the figure burst out at this moment ~ the dazzling soul power in the body suddenly left the body and shot at Ye Kui. Ye Yunqing also understood that Xiao Yan had been reserved just now. reason!

"late!"

"You Ming Tian Trance!" Xiao Yan's voice suddenly echoed in this void, and then a dazzling soul fluctuation turned into a strange sound, floating in the space of the formation!

"Ah, ah, ah!" Ye Ku was so busy dealing with Yu Tianyue that he naturally didn't have time to take care of Xiao Yan and the others. At this time, he was hit by Xiao Yan's unprepared soul attack, and a scream suddenly sounded!

"Wind beam, strangle!" A sharp voice, carrying a cyan hurricane, suddenly echoed in this void!

And the cyan hurricane, at this time, is rapidly expanding in Ye Ku's pupils, and even a fear of death fills his heart!

"Guardian Yin, save me!" Ye Ku, who suffered such a big change, also turned away from the secret passage in the space of the formation, shouting!

"Hehe, it's such a tyrannical soul power..." As Ye Ku's voice fell, a strange black mist suddenly appeared in front of his body, and then Yu Tianyue's tyrannical cyan hurricane was enough to destroy Ye Ku. , was swallowed up by its black mist in an instant.

"Are you from the Soul Clan..." Xiao Yan and the Great Elder Yumu stopped at the same time, and then Yuzong and Kuyezhai's men and horses retreated to one side.

At this time, this space of formation was also deadly silent.

. full book m.