Chapter Vol 4 965: The tragic Tiandian 6 people!

"Hehe, the third prince, looking at the appearance, the six people in the Heavenly Palace should not be able to support it for a long time." In a rather dark mountain forest, surrounded by a dark air mass, and a piece of air appeared inside it. space.

The center of the open space has an area of ​​about a hundred meters. There is a dry well in the center. The dry well sinks into the ground. The prominent wellhead is square, and a hidden mysterious rune on the edge of the wellhead slowly creeps, and under the creep, it seems that Suppressing something that is just around the corner.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In addition, at the mouth of the well, ghost qi gushed out, the ghost qi seemed to be extremely dark, extremely eerie and eerie, and at this time around the dry well, six figures were sitting on the ground, their fingers connected to their hearts, tightly surrounding the dry well.

The dazzling rays of light on the six people formed a strange formation, which tightly surrounded the dry well. However, the six people all had some scars to varying degrees, and their breath was a little sluggish, obviously they were injured to varying degrees.

"I don't want it to last long."

"These seven people must die, otherwise they will be left alone. When a note pupil appears in the Fenxiang Pavilion, it will be a disaster for our Xuanling royal family." The third prince Xuanmu said solemnly.

As for Yin Yin Tong, Xuanmu still has a fresh memory. He refused to let such a genius appear in the Fenxiang Pavilion. The last time he used up almost most of the power of their Xuanling royal family to forcefully eliminate Yin Yin Tong, although this matter is still going on. The people in Burning Incense Pavilion were kept in the dark, but Xuanmu was also afraid.

According to Xuanmu's guess, King Xuanling will announce his abdication after playing for a long time. At that time, King Xuanling's seat will be his own, so he must get rid of the burning incense pavilion.

"Third prince, rest assured, only one of the seven escaped, and the one who escaped was the weakest among the seven. I have already sent two late-stage Seven Star Dou Emperor experts to hunt them down. I believe it will not take long. It will be successful," said the man in black.

"Everything depends on the deputy head." Xuan Mu glanced at him, and knew that the status of the two in front of him was not low, and he would be his right-hand man in the future, so he didn't ask questions.

The two people in front of them are impressively the second captain of the Wolf Eagle Legion, the three major legions of the Xuanling Royal Family!

Apart from the head and the deputy head, the two of them should be regarded as the strongest among the Wolf Eagle Corps. The real names of the two have disappeared, but the code names are adopted, namely Wolf Head and Wolf Dragon. In the early stage of the Eight Star Dou Di.

"But I have to say that the strength of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace is beyond my expectations."

"Our two eight-star fighting emperors, three seven-star fighting emperors who were successful, and five seven-star fighting emperors in the late stage of such a huge lineup almost had an accident," said the man in black.

The wolf dragon was seriously injured by the elder brother of Tiandian, and lost his fighting power, so he could only cultivate on the side.

"This time, if it wasn't for the help of the two captains, I'm afraid it would be extremely difficult to subdue these six people. After the completion of the matter, the benefits will naturally come from all of you." Xuan Mu said to a group of strong people around him.

"Despicable." At this moment, among the six people surrounding the well, the only woman spoke softly, her voice full of disgust.

A group of seven of them were attacked by the people of the Xuanling Emperor. If it wasn't for the support of a powerful formation left by Zhu Jin at the end, I'm afraid they would have become the turtles in the urn of the Xuanling Emperor.

"Hey-hey."

"It is rumored that Luan Yu in the Temple of Fenxiang Pavilion is as beautiful as a heavenly fairy. When I see it today, it really lives up to its reputation." Xuanmu smiled in the face of the woman's disgust, without any displeasure.

This woman's name is Luan Yu, she is the fifth-ranked powerhouse in the hall today, and she is also the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

Luan Yu wore a tulle to show off her graceful figure to the fullest. Because of the injury, her cheeks were flushed with a hint of ruddy, and she added a fluffy dress to look like a porcelain doll that came out of the portrait.

"Xuanmu, your Xuanling royal family actually colluded with the ghost realm. You violated our Xuantian Santian rules. If this matter is passed back to the sect, you will definitely die." At this time, it seemed that Xuanmu was aware of the view of Xuanmu. Luan Yu's eyes were wrong, and the third hungry man said.

This man's name is Huang Kong, and he is the third-ranked powerhouse in the Temple of Heaven, and his strength has reached the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"Don't worry, this matter was spread back, because you all have to die."

"And you actually told me, rules?"

"It's ridiculous."

"The rules are all made by the strong. As long as the strength is enough, they can be changed." Xuanmu heard the words and sneered in disbelief.

"You..." Luan Yu and Huang Kong glared at each other when they heard the words.

"Calm down, adjust your breath, and don't let this guy affect your mind."

"If our formation is influenced by its mind, it may be that the entrance to the ghost world will be lost, and then they will really be achieved by their conspiracy and tricks." At this moment, the man who was the first among the six was an understatement. said.

"I have been taught." Seeing this, the other five senior brothers nodded.

The seven of them have gone through a lot together, so of course they absolutely trust each other this time.

"Humph."

"Mu Tianyuan, don't think that your senior brother from the Heavenly Palace can save you from danger this time."

"This time, not only are you going to die, but when the ghost world army marches into Xuantian Santian, you will also die in the Burning Incense Pavilion!" Xuanmu snorted coldly.

"This doesn't leave you worrying If you want to unlock the seal, you have to step over my body." The leading senior brother said lightly, but the pride between the lines could not be concealed.

"You're still stubborn when you're about to die, give it to me!" Xuanmu couldn't help saying coldly when he heard this.

"Third prince, why don't we wait?"

"This formation is really weird. If it is forced to break through, I'm afraid it will cause a lot of losses." The man in black on the other side, Wolf Tou, said, obviously these powerhouses brought this time are the backbone of their Xuanling royal family, Wolf Tou. Naturally, I don't want to lose for no reason.

"Give it to me, I will bear any loss." After Xuanmu finished speaking, a black scroll suddenly appeared on the palm of his hand, and the scroll was densely covered with extremely thick ghosts.

As long as this thing is thrown into the entrance of the seal of the ghost world, then the seal will be completely broken, and then the powerhouses of the blood river continent of the ghost world will enter Xuan Santian.

"Eldest brother..."

"Seventh brother, will he come back..." At this time, even Huang Kong couldn't help but ask.

"Yes." Before the senior brother could speak, Luan Yu, who was next to him, spoke softly, his voice full of firmness.

"If that's the case, let's fight." Seeing this, a group of strong men around Xuanmu urged the extremely tyrannical energy of life to attack the formation of Mu Tianyuan's six people.

At the same time, in the strange ghostly atmosphere, two figures slowly emerged like ghosts, but they were not discovered by anyone.

: . :