Chapter 656: Dark Crow Ghost Emperor's Minions - Yinmu (Happy National Day)

"What is the purpose of cultivation..." Xiao Yan's question kept echoing in Ling Xuan's mind.

"Xiao Yan, you..." Seeing this, Mu Feng hurriedly exited.

Xiao Yan shook his head at Mu Feng and then looked at Ling Xuan. Mu Feng nodded knowingly and then stopped talking.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying and Lvdi on the side couldn't help but admire Xiao Yan.

The admiration is not only because Xiao Yan's strength has such a level of the late six-star Dou Di, but also because Xiao Yan treats friends and teammates like family members, which makes people feel warm.

"My father said that the only way to cultivate is to become stronger and protect the people you want to protect." Ling Xuan's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and she was quite puzzled why Xiao Yan asked this way.

"The journey of cultivation is the pinnacle of martial arts and moves the universe."

"If Guangtu had a small profit in front of him, it wouldn't work." Xiao Yan naturally knew that Lingxuan was the daughter of the Hall Master of the Earth Palace, so he didn't say much, just said a few words.

"I will be stronger than you one day." After all, Ling Xuan is far from ordinary, so in just a few breaths, she seemed to realize that there was something in Xiao Yan's words, and there was a flash of determination in her eyes.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan said immediately after hearing this.

"Yes." After hearing the words, several people nodded immediately.

"There may be less than five of the ten teams left now. After two are eliminated, the last three teams will be born. When that time comes, they will enter the Five Elements Mountain Range where the Five Elements Beasts live, and that will be the real team competition."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And there is no doubt that the strength of the last three teams will become stronger and stronger!" Mu Yingying said slightly.

"Now let's go to the surrounding of the Five Elements Mountains first. We still have a wooden sign left to qualify for the finals. The teams outside the Five Elements Mountains are probably already waiting outside the Five Elements Mountains." Green Flute said.

As soon as the voice fell, the five people slowly moved towards the Five Elements Mountain Range, and far away from the five people, a void shook slightly, and then a spooky black air permeated from the void.

"Luo Lingshan..." A gloomy voice slowly came out of the void, and then a scroll suddenly appeared from the void, followed by a figure surrounded by dark ghosts.

"It seems that the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor didn't lie to me. This is indeed a battlefield where our ghost world and Xuan Santian fought, but it's not the biggest main battlefield." The black shadow just appeared, and the void instantly closed. Reconcile, as if it never appeared.

The dark black figure just came to Luoling Mountain, and felt that although there is a ghost world in this Luoling Mountain, the ghost energy is extremely thin, even so thin that it can be ignored. After all, there are many strong people in Xuantian San The land of the fall, so under the suppression of so many strong men, ghost qi has long ceased to exist.

"I heard the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor said that this time I came here to capture Xiao Yan in the Hall of People. Xiao Yan has a twin ghost emperor heart. If the ghost emperor heart is obtained by me, I am afraid that my strength will be reduced. "..." the dark figure said slowly.

This dark figure was dressed in black robes, surrounded by ghosts, and looked extremely eerie.

This person's name is Yinmu, and he is a capable general under the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor, a powerhouse whose strength has reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

"That's..." Before Yinmu was overjoyed, a dazzling aftermath of the battle erupted slowly in the mountains not far away, and the wave range was so large that many people would probably be able to spot it.

"Such flame fluctuations, it seems that the kid is right."

"Let me meet you just now. It seems that you have bad luck." Yinmu's face hidden in the black robe let out a gloomy laughter, and then the figure disappeared instantly, facing the place where the explosion occurred. go!

Luoling Mountain is the general term for this space. On the endless flat land of Luoling Mountain, three huge mountain ranges rise from the ground.

A mountain called the Five Elements Mountain Range is where the Five Elements Beasts live. The entire mountain range is dominated by the Five Elements Beasts.

Another place is the Tianmu Mountains, where the Tianmu giant beast lives, an extremely mysterious alien beast that few people have ever seen.

As for the last mountain range, it is called the Boundless Mountain.

The overlord in the Boundless Mountain is extremely low-key, and it has never been reported what kind of power or appearance he has, but all the dead beasts in the Luoling Mountain know that the king in the Boundless Mountain is the most difficult to provoke!

At this time, on the top of Boundless Mountain, in a dark cave.

This cave stands on the top of the entire Wuliang Mountain. There are basically no dead beasts to enter here, because they all know that this is a real restricted area!

The real king of Wuliang Mountain lives here, even the king of the entire Luoling Mountain is not an exaggeration.

Looking at the cave from a distance, the outermost periphery is circular, and a stream of white air floats out from the edge of the cave. Obviously, I don't know what it is.

Entering along the cave, one after another of bright crystals paved the way for the entire cave, like a crystal palace.

However, if you take a closer look, you will find that these crystals are all white and transparent, but it is precisely because of these crystals that the cave can continue to maintain a low temperature.

The white gas just now was actually caused by the low temperature!

Then, after walking into this mysterious cave, an extremely large space suddenly appeared inside, and the space was about several hundred square meters.

In the space, two huge cauldrons slowly appeared. There seemed to be something in the cauldron.

Among the two giant cauldrons, what attracted the most attention was a figure like a little human boy who was tinkering with something in the giant cauldron.

"Susu..."

"Gathering so many demon cores and dead beasts' blood in Luoling Mountain will probably free me from the shackles of this Luoling Mountain. After all, no matter how powerful I am, I am still just a dead beast..." The little boy's voice A trembling road.

As for the two giant cauldrons around you, if you look closely, there are countless demon cores and blood essence from dead beasts!

Although I don't know how this boy got so many demon cores and blood essence of dead beasts, there is no doubt that this little boy is the real king in this Boundless Mountain!

"Five-element beasts, giant beasts with celestial eyes, I'm afraid you two won't know what I'm planning until you die..."

"It took me a lot of effort to get this secret." After the little boy finished speaking, he slowly stirred the two giant cauldrons in front of him. What terrifying power is brewing.

"I don't know why, I always feel that the kings of the three major mountain ranges in Luoling Mountain seem to be too situational. This is not like their style. Could it be that something has changed?" In a room, Qing Lao and Mu Xuzi were two figures. appeared, and then spoke.

"I don't know, but I explored the Boundless Mountain before, and the king there seems to be quite calm. As for the other two mountain ranges, there is not much movement." Qing Lao said with some doubts in his eyes.

"I hope it won't happen this time. My eyebrows are always beating. I'm afraid it's not a good thing." Mu Xuzi shook his head and said.

"Old man, after the sect competition this time, I will give you a leave to complete your unsolved knot." After the old man finished speaking, he looked at Mu Xuzi.

"It's so good..." Mu Xuzi heard the words, and he felt helpless and nostalgic for the appearance of various emotions, and then he looked into the distance and didn't speak.

Ask for tickets!

Happy National Day everyone!