Chapter Vol 2 832: cooperate

"Heavenly King Ginseng?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw this!

Others don’t know Tianwang Ginseng, but Xiao Yan, as an upright pharmacist, can’t fail to know it!

Although Tianwangshen looks like a human now, the silver light film on his body is the best proof!

That is clearly the root of Tianwang ginseng!

"Into a human form?"

"Ten Thousand Years Heavenly King Ginseng?" But the next moment, Xiao Yan moved extremely fast and directly protected the two daughters behind him.

Facing Xiao Yan's sudden scene, the two girls only felt warm in their hearts, but still looked at Xiao Yan suspiciously.

"I can't tell, you're a very sharp boy." Seeing the situation, the King of Heaven said with a slight smile.

But Xiao Yan's face was extremely ugly!

All the strange things in the world will experience catastrophe, Xiao Yan knows this.

However, Xiao Yan also knows that only the wonders of heaven and earth that reach the level of fighting immortals can have the ability to temporarily transform into human beings, and if they want to truly become humans, I am afraid that they must wait until their strength reaches the level of fighting immortals and transform into human bodies. , but if it is converted, then the strength of the heaven and earth wonders will instantly drop to the level of a one-star fighting emperor.

The pressure and feeling that the Heavenly King Ginseng in front of him gave Xiao Yan was like a fighting immortal, so there was such a scene of Xiao Yan.

"If I really have the strength to fight immortals, I'm afraid that today, you won't have such a good conversation with me here." Tian Wangshen didn't want to scare Xiao Yan, after all, he still had something to ask for.

"The wonders of heaven and earth, including the medicinal materials of magical beasts, all those who have survived for ten thousand years have survived the first catastrophe, so their strength is not much different from that of human beings, this guy..." Xiao Yan still endured kept talking.

Xiao Yan is very clear about demon beasts, medicinal herbs or other wonders of heaven and earth.

The wonders of heaven and earth have survived the first catastrophe, and their strength is the same as that of human beings.

"Hehe, no need to guess." Tian Wangshen got up slightly and said to Xiao Yan.

"Is something wrong?" After Xiao Yan felt a good sense at the next moment, he also found that the breath of the Heavenly King Ginseng was strange, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Are you a pharmacist?" Tian Wang Shen asked directly without being a slacker.

"Not bad." Xiao Yan nodded naturally when he heard this.

Heavenly King Ginseng is one of the last two herbs used to refine his ancestor Xiao Xuan, and as long as this Heavenly King Ginseng has not survived the first catastrophe, then Xiao Yan is naturally not afraid.

"Actually, my situation is similar to what you guessed." When Tian Wangshen heard the words, he immediately laughed, and his voice was full of relief.

"Almost?" The three of Xiao Yan were obviously puzzled by the words of Tianwang Ginseng, and they didn't know what medicine this guy was selling in the gourd.

"I've lived for almost ten thousand years." After a while, Tian Wangshen said slowly, his voice full of helplessness.

"Nearly ten thousand years?"

"Could it be?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he suddenly thought of something, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Do you want to convert to human beings?" The next moment, Xiao Yan just asked.

However, as Xiao Yan's voice just fell, Mu Yingying suddenly experienced some subtle changes.

"That's right." When Tian Wang Shen heard the words, he didn't rush to deny it.

"My dear, do you know that your strength has not yet reached the level of Dou Xian. If you rashly switch to human beings, you may have a great chance of failure." Xiao Yan thought for a while and said.

The current strength of this Heavenly King Ginseng is probably comparable to King Xuanling, or even stronger than King Xuanling. According to Xiao Yan's guess, this guy's strength may have reached the peak level of Dou Di.

It's just that Tianwang ginseng is made of medicinal materials, and its attack power is not strong. Even so, if the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di want to kill Xiao Yan and the others, I am afraid that Xiao Yan and others will be helpless.

"I know, that's why I came to find you." When Tian Wang Shen heard this, he seemed to smile casually, but he was staring at Xiao Yan, obviously with bad intentions.

"Free labor?"

"Then you'd better look for someone else." Xiao Yan sneered.

"You're really a sly boy, aren't you afraid that I will kill all three of you?"

"Fairy Moon Fairy's inheritance rune, two holy flames, tsk tsk tsk." Seeing Xiao Yan being so cunning, Tian Wang Shen immediately laughed, the corners of his mouth curled into a dangerous arc.

"You can try it."

"I'm afraid you won't be so easy to deal with the inheritance runes of Er Duo Sheng Yan and Fairy Moonlight." Xiao Yan was still not afraid of Heavenly King Ginseng, and laughed as well.

"Okay, let's not talk nonsense."

"If you can help me successfully overcome the calamity, then I will promise you everything and news you want." Seeing that Xiao Yan is also a cunning guy, the Heavenly King immediately had to throw an olive branch.

"Haha, although I didn't help the heaven and earth to survive the calamity, but you are so fearful of your dignified Dou Di peak strength, I'm afraid this thing is not good, right?" Xiao Yan said cautiously.

"Indeed."

"Since you are an alchemist, you should know about the Pill Thunder Tribulation, right?"

"The power of the Heavenly Tribulation should be ten times stronger than the strongest Dan Thunder Tribulation you know so far." Heavenly King Shen said slowly.

"Ten times?" Xiao Yan felt his scalp tingle when he heard the words.

The Dan Thunder Tribulation is so terrifying, so if this calamity is to come, I'm afraid...

"Heavenly robbery is different from what you call Dan Lei robbery and life and death robbery."

"If the wonders of heaven and earth want to break free from the shackles of this world, they must use the catastrophe as a guide to temper the whole body, whether it is the body or even the soul, they need to be tempered and baptized in the catastrophe That kind of tempering , a little carelessness will lead to a fall." Tianwangshen said with fear.

"I need your body." Xiao Yan hesitated.

"This is no problem." Tian Wangshen naturally smiled when he heard the words.

As long as he survives the 10,000-year calamity, when he is converted into human beings, Tianwangshen and him are two separate individuals.

At that time, it can be said unceremoniously that Tianwang ginseng is a part of his body. As for the body of Tianwang ginseng, it is a 10,000-year-level medicinal material that has lost its form. A real human being with medicinal power!

"However, with such a dangerous thing, I'm afraid it's not worth the risk for me to take the risk for you just for a little benefit?" Xiao Yan also knew the horror of this catastrophe after listening to the description of the Heavenly King Ginseng and his readily agreed answer.

Moreover, Xiao Yan knew that this Heavenly King Ginseng must be begging for himself, otherwise he would not waste so much talk with him here.

"I can help you get the power of the fighting soul..."

"And I also know a little about the fall of the Fairy Moon." After Tianwangshen finished speaking, he suddenly laughed at Xiao Yan and the others. Obviously, Tianwangshen knew that such a huge attraction was not afraid of Xiao Yan's failure. Hook!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Deal!" Xiao Yan immediately smiled with relief upon hearing this, and there was also a fiery glow in his pupils.

Ask for a ticket, today's 5th update