Chapter Vol 4 1327: champion!

"Boom!"

The entire competitive mountain range, under the efforts of Mu Ge and Xiao Yan, suddenly trembled, and the energy of heaven and earth that originally existed quietly in the competitive mountain range suddenly trembled, and the entire mountain range seemed to be turned into a huge steamer. , and the terrifying power that Xiao Yan exudes from the two of them is these smoky breaths!

There are two auras, one red and one blue, like two rounds of scorching sun, hanging high in the sky of the competitive mountain range. The countless energy of heaven and earth in the entire mountain range is violently violent. Such a strange vision makes the strong people outside the field unable to bear it. I was shocked.

"These two guys really dare to mess around." Watching the increasingly fierce battle in the competitive mountain range, Duan Tianfeng also said helplessly, but he mentioned the spirit of twelve points in private, because no matter what Whether it was Xiao Yan or Mu Ge, they were both top geniuses on the Eastern Continent, and it was absolutely impossible for the two to be fatally injured in the battle.

At this time, the entire arena became quiet, because everyone knew that this blow would determine the final champion.

"This guy seems to be preparing a rather tyrannical attack..."

"Looking at this fluctuation, even I feel a little uneasy." Feng Yu looked at the madrigal, who was invisible in the blue aura, and shook his head. Obviously, at this moment, no matter how tyrannical Xiao Yan is, it can't change the failure. situation.

"That's not necessarily..."

"Since Xiao Yan can successfully escape from Sanmu Guitong, he naturally has his support." For some reason, Liu Qing had an inexplicable confidence in Xiao Yan.

"Then let's wait and see." Everyone nodded, and then their eyes locked on the competitive mountain range.

"Huhuhu!" At this time, a deafening sound continued to resound from the inside of the competitive mountain range, and below the entire space, the forest collapsed suddenly, and some rocks shattered instantly, even on the smooth ground, a The abyss cracks of dozens of meters in size are extremely conspicuous.

"Purgatory Array!"

"Come out for me!" A low voice emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then this space that had become fragmented, a blazing hot flame suddenly wrapped Xiao Yan and the two figures in an instant!

"How could it be possible... this fluctuation, you are a battle formation master?" And the pastoral song, who was already bathed in the blue ice attribute Dou Qi and was about to strike a fatal blow, was suddenly shocked when he saw Xiao Yan's method. shout.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because the pastoral song knows that the formation technique that the battle formation master uses and the formation technique that uses the formation scroll are two different things!

The former has something called core inscriptions. The more these things are, the more powerful they are!

"Boom!" The two of them were instantly wrapped in a red formation, and then a fiery red dragon with a figure of hundreds of feet condensed out of the formation, and then surrounded Xiao Yan. This wave of fluctuations , so that madrigal had to pay attention to it.

"So you still have some reservations about the formation you used before... I'm afraid this is the full power of your formation master..."

"Twenty-nine thousand paths!"

"A strong enough to bind the two-star Dou Xian to perfection... But you forgot, I am a half-step three-star Dou Xian!"

"Hahaha!" A wild laughter slowly filled the space.

"Because you are a half-step three-star Dou Xian, I have prepared such a great gift for you." Xiao Yan's mouth curled into a frantic arc, and then stared at the pastoral song. Obviously, to deal with the pastoral song, relying on the strength of the Douzheng master, he could also Far from enough.

"Since you have prepared such a great gift for me, then of course I want to give you one back!"

"Remnant Ice Dragon Shadow!" A roar emerged from Mu Ge's mouth, and the fire attribute energy in the entire purgatory formation suddenly trembled, and even the temperature dropped suddenly.

"Hoohoho!" The pastoral voice just fell, and a lifelike blue dragon suddenly appeared beside him. On the blue ice dragon, a proud and domineering arrogance emerged, and the body exuded a devastating Xeon The breath locked Xiao Yan.

"Huhu."

"This kind of fighting skill is the top of the holy order... The name of Leicheng No. 1 is indeed well-deserved." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, but there was no fear in his heart, some were just extremely hot!

"Xiao Yan, let me ask you one more question!"

"Do you admit defeat!" The pastoral attack was brewing, and then, like the overlord of the world, he slowly questioned Xiao Yan.

"If you can take my blow, the first place will be handed over to you!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then the energy in his body was instantly mobilized, obviously preparing for the final duel.

"Since that's the case... then let's fall here completely." Mu Ge slowly shook his head, his voice full of pity.

"Remnant Ice Dragon Shadow!"

"Destroy!" With a furious roar, the huge blue dragon of hundreds of meters in size surrounding the pastoral roar suddenly shook the entire space, and then in the purgatory array, it moved rapidly, and its moving void , unexpectedly burst open with a puff, enough to see the aura on this giant dragon, enough to destroy everything, and roared away at Xiao Yan in an instant.

"Huhu."

"What a strong coercion!"

"Purgatory Array!"

"Give me a bundle!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and in the entire flame formation, countless energies instantly turned into flaming dragons, and then attacked the blue dragon one after another, but at the same time , Xiao Yan's fingertips, the terrifying fluctuations that condensed Xiao Yan's huge fighting spirit, also slowly appeared.

"Bang bang bang!" The power of the flaming dragon, when it came into contact with the blue ice dragon less than ten meters away, was the sudden temperature of the flame on his body, and was finally obliterated by the ice dragon at will.

"If you want to deal with this guy, you must have 31,000 core inscriptions. Now, you can't rely on the formation technique alone..."

"You Ming Tian trance!" The next moment, in Xiao Yan's soul realm, the power of the soul emerged like a tide, and then formed a series of strange tweets in the formation!

"Ah ah ah!"

"This time, you will lose!" Although he didn't expect Xiao Yan's soul attack, Mu Ge directly ignored the fact that he was seriously injured by Xiao Yan's sudden soul power, but in the end he poured all the fighting qi in his body into the ice dragon, and the ice dragon suddenly easily Breaking open Xiao Yan's soul attack, he immediately attacked the body!

Such a tyrannical attack from this pastoral song, if it hits, I am afraid that it will be seriously injured if not dead!

"The sky calls the sky and the earth!"

Finally, Xiao Yan pointed at the ice dragon with a dazzling finger, and the mountains and rivers shook, but such a tyrannical attack only slowed down the ice dragon.

"Two fingers in the sky break through the sky!" With a loud shout, a dazzling silver beam suddenly pointed towards the ice dragon.

"Boom boom boom!" Bright fluctuations erupted between the two, and they seemed to be evenly matched, but the next moment was cracked by Ice Dragon.

"The... third finger!"

"Breaking mountains and rivers!" After exhausting all the fighting qi in his body, he pointed slowly, and finally clicked when the ice dragon was about to attack Xiao Yan.

And it was also at this moment that there was a sound of cracking in the entire formation. From a distance, it looked like a broken mirror.

"Pastoral, it's over!"

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan's breath was sluggish, his eyes were extremely cold and his fingers were heavy. Suddenly, cracks appeared in the sky behind Xiao Yan accompanied by a shocking explosion. Zhang's giant golden finger pierced through the space and broke through the clouds, blasting the ice dragon in front of him with an extremely terrifying force.

Until this moment, the expression on the pastoral song changed slightly. This level of attack is already at the same level as his attack!

"Boom!" The golden giant finger swept past the ice dragon, and the overlord-like ice dragon suddenly collapsed without resisting for a few seconds, and pieces of ice the size of fists quietly fell from the sky.

"Xiao... Xiao Yan..."

"You won." Seeing this scene, the madrigal in the distance suddenly spewed out a mouthful of blood, and finally uttered a tone of voice, and then instantly fell to the bottom.

"San...it's too late!"

"The third master!" Xiao Yan just saw that the bright golden fingers still did not dissipate, and attacked the pastoral song, and immediately used the last bit of strength, shouting to Duan Tianfeng, if this kind of attack hit the pastoral song, I am afraid he It will fall instantly!

However, Xiao Yan opened his mouth, and Duan Tianfeng immediately moved. He didn't have enough temperament. He did not expect that Xiao Yan's third finger in the sky would actually cause a lot of load on him. Stage fighting skills!

"ended."

"You are the champion."

"Rest in peace." Xiao Yan only felt that his eyelids suddenly became heavy, a wave of exhaustion hit him, and he closed his eyes immediately.

As for the outside of the arena, it took a long time for the two of them to recover after seeing the two who were seriously injured in a coma.

"Xiao Yan...is the champion!"

. Mobile version update fastest URL