Chapter 496: Angry East shot! Solomon 3 people follow Xuanling royal family

"Nu Dong?" The Snake King's pupils shrank tightly, obviously not understanding why this Nu Dong dared to show up at this time!

Here, at this time, they have gathered almost the peak powerhouses of the Medusa clan, as well as Zhu Jin, a half-immortal powerhouse, six eight-star Dou Emperors, two nine-star Doudiers, and two half-immortal powerhouses. , is this angry east is the brain water?

"No, he and Nu Dong have known each other for many years. This person will never be aimless. He dares to come today, and he must have something to rely on!" The snake king's pupils were turning rapidly.

"These people are not... Although most of them are seven-star and eight-star fighting emperors, there is nothing strange about them..." The Snake King shook his head slightly and looked at the subordinates around Nu Dong.

"That's..." The next moment, the snake king's pupils suddenly became dignified!

Because at this time, when the Snake King glanced at the figure of Na, who was surrounded by black energy, beside Nu Dong, a strong sense of crisis emerged from the man in black!

"Susu..."

"The strength of the mere rank four, you also want to explore this protector?" Under the black robe of the man in black, a gloomy voice came!

As soon as the voice fell, a strange black mist emerged from the body of the man in black, and then attacked the snake king!

Just as the black mist emerged from the body of the man in black, it turned into a jet-black chain with swarthy black!

The pitch-black chains suddenly came out of the black fog, and the speed was extremely fast, with the slightest sound of breaking wind, and came to the Snake King in an instant!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, the Snake King had already squandered a lot of fighting qi in his body, and a chill surged into his heart. He knew that if he was hit by this strange dark chain, he would have to shed a layer of skin if he didn't die!

"Humph!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, and an invisible wave instantly hit the dark chain!

"Boom boom boom!" The dark chains erupted with dazzling cold light, and then directly shook the invisible fluctuations of Zhu Jin back!

The next moment, the dark chain swept up at a speed, and instantly came to three feet in front of the Snake King!

"Bastard!" The Snake King was sweating profusely, and when he was about to start his Dou Qi defense, his pale palm directly held the dark chain firmly!

"Who are you!" Zhu Jin appeared strangely beside the Snake Tribe, holding the dark chain in his hand, and then spoke directly.

However, above the dark chains, gloomy black qi kept emerging, trying to erode Zhu Lao. How could Zhu Lao let this black qi succeed? Immediately, the aura was suddenly mentioned, and the power of monstrous thunder emerged, and then directly Against the dark air.

"It's dangerous!" The Snake King was shocked, and then wiped the sweat from his forehead!

At this moment, the dark chain's blade was standing two meters in front of the snake king. If the bamboo embers were half a second late, I am afraid that the snake king's head would be directly pierced by the dark and sharp chain in an instant!

"Susu, worthy of being a semi-immortal-level powerhouse!" Under the black robe of the man in black, there was a strange sneer, and the voice was sometimes near and sometimes far away.

"But... Now let me see how you will deal with it?" The next moment, the man in black sneered.

With the laughter of the man in black, the dark chain that Zhu Jin held firmly in the palm of his hand suddenly burst into a monstrous black light, making the sky that had recovered to be bright instantly gloomy!

"Small trick of carving insects!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, and then the power of silver-white thunder emerged, firmly suppressing the monstrous black light in his hands!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the silver-white power of thunder and black light exploded instantly!

The heat wave went round and round, causing the temperature of this space to soar.

The other eight leaders on the side looked at Zhu Jin, and the space where Zhu Jin was located became blurred and distorted due to the temperature.

"Damn, where did this Nudong find his helper, and his strength can actually be tied with Zhu Jin at the half-immortal level!" Although it was just a simple trick, but with the old eyes of Shefu, it is not difficult to see some things. .

This man in black can rely on his own strength to fight against Zhu Jin, who has Xuantian's first battle formation master, and his strength is naturally a half-immortal!

Moreover, the black qi on the man in black was extremely eerie and eerie, making Shefu shiver slightly.

"However, the weird black qi on this man in black seems to be exactly the same as the black qi on Qin Tian's body just now, and even the intensity of the black qi in this man in black is even more terrifying than Qin Tian!" Shefu said slightly.

"Bang bang bang!" After a simple fight, Zhu Jin and the man in black each stepped aside.

But what shocked Old Zhu was that the strange black energy on the man in black was extremely terrifying, and the power of thunder on Zhu Jin's body trembled slightly.

"Nu Dong, you are so courageous!"

"How dare you join forces with outsiders to interfere in the affairs of our Medusa family!" Shefu stood upright with a withered body and angrily faced the burly host.

"Shefu, others don't know it, but I do know that you hold the blue-and-white snake and the nine-colored swallowing python that entered the temple this time very highly!"

"If it weren't for the appearance of the nine-colored swallowing python this time, I am afraid that the supreme ruler of our Medusa family would be a blue-and-white snake. I believe this is obvious to all of you."

"But now the blue-and-white snake has been abandoned, I'm afraid the future king of the Medusa family will be replaced." Nu Dong raised his head slightly, then stared at the snake and said.

In the past, Nu Dong had to avoid this snake by three points. After all, her strength could be called the strongest among the Medusa clan!

But now it's different. With this powerful man in black from the Soul Palace by his side, Nu Dong's confidence is also full!

Just after Nu Dong finished speaking, the pupils of several of the eight leaders behind Shefu changed, apparently agreeing with Nu Dong's words.

"I will naturally seek justice for Xiaoqing in this matter."

"However, Nu Dong, it's time for you to still think about the ruling position of my Medusa clan?"

"Your character is broken is no longer suitable for our Medusa family, and now I announce that you will be deprived of your position as the leader of the Avengers tribe, and you will be arrested and dealt with by clan rules!" Shefu said. Dropped, the voice said solemnly.

"It doesn't matter. This time, as long as I clean up the Medusa family who disobeyed me, I will naturally take over the rest."

"And I believe that under my rule, the Medusa family will definitely be more prosperous than before!"

"Hahaha!" Nu Dong laughed suddenly, a monstrous smile emerged.

"Everyone, please don't stand in the wrong team." Shefu seemed to have noticed that the man and woman who had colluded with Nu Dong had some other thoughts behind him, and immediately spoke up.

"Forget it." One man and one woman among the eight leaders also quieted down at the next moment, because they knew that once they stood in the wrong place, they would never turn around!

"Why so much nonsense?"

"Do it!" The man in black's gloomy voice came from under the black robe, and then suddenly echoed between heaven and earth!

"Go!"

"The eight chiefs are handed over to me. As for the two semi-immortal powerhouses, I'm afraid they will trouble you." Nu Dong said respectfully, because he knew that after today's battle, the king and the bandit will definitely be defeated.

"Susu..."

"Two semi-immortal powerhouses." Under the black robes of the man in black, an eerie and eerie black mist emerged, and then directly covered the entire body.

A mass of black fog, impenetrable, like the source of all evil!

Ask for tickets!