Chapter Vol 4 2163: Encountered demons, evil pets?

"What a tyrannical magic power..."

"This level of magical energy is probably a symbol of the strong among the evil races outside the territory."

"What happened in Dou Qi Continent?"

Xiao Yan stood horizontally in the void, his fists clenched tightly unconsciously.

On the Dou Qi Continent, there are countless close relatives and friends of his own left behind. If the Dou Qi Continent falls under the hands of the foreign evil clan, Xiao Yan will definitely kill the foreign evil clan at all costs!

"Boom!"

In the viscous sea of ​​magic, almost all black blood is tumbling, and the looming body of the shadow is also more and more solid, revealing a faint coercion.

"Sir, this guy..."

"I see, you can go back, leave this guy to me."

"In a few more days, the continent of the lower realm will be completely eroded by us. I hope that the lord will completely obliterate this guy and not ruin the affairs of other adults."

"Yep."

After the two figures finished their conversation, the heaven and the earth trembled abruptly.

"Strange, this lord's aura doesn't seem right..."

Just now, the evil awakening flew away from here in an instant, and the corner of his mouth was still muttering.

The sea of ​​magic was tumbling, and after breathing smoothly, seven figures appeared together with the shadows.

The black demonic energy lingered on the bodies of the seven demons, and their bodies were the same as those of humans, except that the leader was petite and his eyes were scarlet with a terrifying demonic glow. A corpse is generally lifeless, and the aura in the body is even more eerie.

"Need not."

Just when the energy ripples appeared behind Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan let out a soft voice, and the people hiding in the space ship suddenly became quiet.

Since Xiao Yan opened his mouth, it was not easy for them to intervene, but they believed that although this guy was quite powerful, he was no match for Xiao Yan.

"The king of the extraterritorial evil race with the perfection level of Eight Star Fighting Immortals."

Hun Tianhao said with a solemn expression, the implication being extremely worried.

"It's okay, I can't trouble him."

Kaoru's three daughters looked at each other and smiled, and then their beautiful eyes watched the battle outside the space ship's energy barrier, and they would attack if something went wrong.

"Hehe, I finally ran out."

"Where is this place?"

The petite ghost said with joy in her eyes, but after seeing the terrifying power in Xiao Yan, she had to display her power.

In the space passage, the sea of ​​magic rolled, like a forest of hell, countless magical energy lingered out, and the temperature dropped sharply.

"I don't know which king of the foreign evil race you are?"

Xiao Yan stared at the only one of the seven people above the sea of ​​magic, and said.

Eight-star Douxian's perfect strength, coupled with this rich magic sea, these methods are definitely the king level among the evil races outside the territory!

Even Xiao Yan felt that there were some more terrifying figures in this sea of ​​magic that had never been shot.

However, Xiao Yan didn't have any fear of this. Even though his strength was only in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals, he was able to deal with this level of extraterritorial evil clan powerhouses, and with the blessing of Holy Flame, the reincarnation level was enough for a fight.

"It's kind of interesting, I never thought that you, a nameless human being with a mere mid-term strength of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, could still know so many things about our extraterritorial evil race."

"It's just a dead person, but you don't need to know that much!"

"Wong buzzing!"

The petite figure put away the playful intent in his eyes, and suddenly six rays of blood burst out from his scarlet eyes, and then easily shot at the six figures around him.

"Whoa!"

At the same moment, the six demons around the petite figure roared angrily, with a rare trace of evil spirit in their gray-white eyes, they fell directly through the void, and rushed towards Xiao Yan.

The demonic energy was billowing, and it was particularly eerie and harsh in the dark void here, making one's nerves involuntarily tense up.

"Saint Flame Kaiyi!"

"Fighting Soul!"

Xiao Yan let out a cold snort, and there was a flash of violence in his eyes, and he was entangled with the six demon corpses in one fell swoop.

"The holy flame aura on this guy seems a little unusual..."

The petite ghost standing on the sea of ​​magic, with blood surging, seems to be guessing the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body.

The six people stood above the sky and constantly fought against Xiao Yan. The extremely strong demonic energy generated along the way made the void here extremely depressing.

"Pfft!"

At the last moment, the six-path puppet demon corpse was defeated by Xiao Yan with three strikes, five divisions and two. The speed of defeat surprised this petite ghost.

"Speak your purpose, otherwise..."

Amber flames surging all over Xiao Yan's body, the breath of divine purification was extremely tyrannical, and for a while it had the momentum to suppress the sea of ​​magic.

"Hmph... Step back!"

The petite ghost snorted coldly, and immediately stretched out a pair of dark palms from the black mist. Under Xiao Yan's gaze, some rather ancient spell marks evolved.

"not good!"

"This guy is calling something!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan, with the help of the explosive technique, his speed skyrocketed, leaving afterimages in the void, and he quickly killed him.

If that kind of extremely terrifying power comes here, I am afraid it will destroy this space passage!

And once the space channel is destroyed, they will not be able to return to the Dou Qi Continent, and will even be involved in the space turbulence.

The turbulent flow of space, that is the existence that the reincarnation powerhouse is talking about!

"late!"

"Nanali, get rid of them!"

Just as the voice of the petite ghost fell, the monstrous sea of ​​magic under the black mist suddenly tumbled, and a huge scar of a thousand feet in size, like a demon crawling out of the depths of hell, emerged from the sea of ​​magic!

The blood-colored aura lingered, the evil demonic energy roared and roared, and the evil power was soaring to the sky, making people's backs swoosh.

"It's actually an evil pet."

Looking at this behemoth, one of the eight-star Douxian Perfectionists in the spaceship couldn't help but said, obviously he was quite familiar with this kind of creature.

"Evil pet?"

Mu Yingying was puzzled for a while. Judging from this guy's size and strength, I'm afraid it's definitely not easy. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"Strange, why is there something wrong with this guy's aura..."

Xun'er was refreshed, it seems that since the appearance of this guy, the reincarnation mark between her eyebrows has been indistinctly agitated.

"Haha, the three mistresses don't know."

"There are a lot of things in the foreign evil clan. Although they are mortal enemies with our great world, it is undeniable that the foreign evil clan are also sages with great wisdom. Among the foreign evil clan, there are not a few people who are amazing and talented."

"The suppression of the Holy Flame's seal, the emergence and development of the Pure Heart, are all manifestations of the great wisdom of the evil races outside the realm."

"Evil pet is also a proud work among the evil tribes outside the territory."

"They mix the blood of humans or their own blood, and cultivate them in some cruel ways. They can raise beasts like monsters in our human world, but that kind of beast only sees killing."

"Besides this, there is also the easiest way. The evil people outside the territory use great means to inject their source power into the body of the beast, nibble on the power and mind of the beast, and wait for the mind of the beast to disappear. The beasts in the thousands of worlds, It has also turned into a loyal partner of the powerhouse of the extraterritorial evil clan, the evil pet."

An old man explained.

As soon as the voice fell, a fierce battle broke out in the outside world!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: