Chapter 1: Dou Di breaks the sky, the mysterious passage of the new continent!

Gamma Empire, Ulthane City!

Since the end of the war between the two emperors, Xiao Yan, Xun'er and Cailin held a grand wedding in Wutan City. Countless people in the entire Dou Qi Continent witnessed their love. The wedding was romantic and grand. After that, it was rumored that Xiao Yan Accompanying the two daughters on the Dou Qi Continent, they seemed to have disappeared in the eyes of ordinary people, but only a few people knew that Xiao Yan was the only one who roamed the mainland, and the two daughters went to retreat to attack Dou Di!

Since then, in the Gamma Empire, Wutan City has jumped to become a first-tier city, and the small Xiao family has also developed in geometric multiples. !

Emperor Yan Xiao Yan!

On the top of a familiar cliff, a frail man in black was lying on the grass, holding a piece of grass in his mouth, chewing slightly, letting the faint bitter taste fill his mouth...

"The starting point of everything seems to have changed since I met the teacher here." The man in black smiled and muttered to himself.

Taking a closer look, this seemingly weak figure and terrain seem to be somewhat familiar!

Emperor Yan Xiao Yan!

The mountain behind Wutan City!

The seemingly emaciated young man in front of him is the supreme powerhouse of the Dou Qi Continent!

The legendary figure who rescued Central Continent from Emperor Soul Heaven and even saved Dou Qi Continent from a catastrophe.

Time flies, and before you know it, decades have passed since the legendary battle of the two emperors.

After Xiao Yan defeated the Soul Heaven Emperor, the Dou Qi Continent also continued to celebrate for a long time. First, it was to celebrate that Dou Qi Continent was still the continent that produced many geniuses and continued to be wonderful!

The second is to celebrate the emergence of Dou Di powerhouses in Dou Qi Continent!

"This breath? It should be almost the same. Decades are really fleeting." Xiao Yan stood up from the grass and looked at the space in front of him that was shaking slightly.

It was strange to say that the grass under Xiao Yan's feet not only did not tilt because of Xiao Yan's reclining, but was even more verdant than the surrounding grass.

A figure gracefully walked out of the shattered space, looking at the man in black in front of him, he couldn't help smiling.

"Brother Xiao Yan!" A crisp and sweet voice echoed in the back mountain.

"Successful?" Xiao Yan turned around, looked at Xun'er's delicate and slightly blush cheeks, and smiled slightly.

"Well, thanks to Brother Xiao Yan, you opened the mysterious plane channel to absorb the Origin Qi there. Otherwise, I am afraid that on the Dou Qi Continent, there is still no one who can break through to Dou Di." Xun'er looked at Xiao Yan with eyes like the moon. .

Afterwards, Xun'er and Xiao Yan hugged tightly, and then Xiao Yan gently hugged Xun'er's waist and said with emotion, "When your father sent you to my Xiao family, now you want to come, but you have lost Mrs. Back again."

"You have always been the hero in Xun'er's heart." Xun'er also looked at the back mountain of Utan City in the Gamma Empire and couldn't help feeling a little bit, yes, everything started from here, here is her beautiful childhood , I met Brother Xiao Yan, he has always been a hero in his heart!

Xiao Yan and Xun'er cuddled together, looking at each other, Xiao Yan also attacked his charming cherry lips when he saw this. Xun'er was startled at first, but he didn't dodge, and let the man in front of him move. A sense of spring is slowly radiating from the back mountain of Wutan City!

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"Did we come at the wrong time..." Two middle-aged men came out of the void, looking at the two men and women cuddling below with a loving look on their faces. Although the two of them today seem to have not changed much from the past, their aura is far from what they used to be. That feeling is actually a Dou Di!

"Father, Senior Zhu Kun." Xiao Yan said to the two people in the sky, pulling Xun'er with a hint of crimson on her cheeks.

"Hahaha! It doesn't matter! Xun'er is already married to you, and it's one of my wishes."

"But you're really a kid. I think I just sent Xun'er to your Xiao family in an attempt to get the piece of soul jade from Emperor Tuoshe. I can't imagine that now I have really lost my wife and lost my army."

"However, thanks to your help, I finally broke through the barrier of Dou Sheng, and it's considered cheap for you, kid." Gu Yuan couldn't help but be very satisfied when he saw Xiao Yan and his beloved daughter Xun'er, who was a father. Which father doesn't want his daughter to find the happiness of the one she loves.

"Hahaha!" Xiao Yan also laughed in agreement with Gu Yuan, who looked at him with a look of relief.

"Cai Lin is also out."

Xiao Yan had just finished talking to Gu Yuan's father when he saw that in the depths of the space, suddenly an overwhelming nine-colored luster spewed out, and finally the colored light condensed and turned into an enchanting shadow that appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"After so many years of seclusion, it's finally a breakthrough." Cai Lin stretched out lazily, her charming curves showed her lingering perfection, and then the queen, as usual, said coldly, "This is Emperor Dou. The level of the strong is really different from that of Dou Sheng."

"Is Xiaoxiao alright?" Even with Queen Medusa's aura, she missed her daughter very much after years of seclusion, and immediately said to Xiao Yan.

"Xiaoxiao is okay, she has been following the teacher and guided by the teacher himself." Xiao Yan also looked at Medusa and said slowly.

Talking and laughing, the five of them walked from the back mountain to the main entrance of Xiao's house.

"Don't worry, Yan'er, I'll take care of everything here for you. A good man is determined to go everywhere. Go with confidence. The new world is different from the Dou Qi continent. You have to be more careful about everything." His palm rested on Xiao Yan's shoulder.

Isn't the one who is talking about Xiao Zhan, the current patriarch of the Xiao family?

Since the war between the two emperors, Xiao Yan also handed over the position of the patriarch back to his father.

Now the Xiao family is full of children and grandchildren. After Xiao Yan was promoted to Dou Emperor, due to the activation of the power of blood, all people close to Xiao Yan have benefited from the power of blood, and their strength is like a boat. It was so easy to improve. In just a few short years, the Xiao family developed at an astonishing speed and became the leader of several major families. Of course, Xiao Yan, the Yan Emperor, was indispensable.

Quietly bid farewell to the Xiao family, and the five of them also understood that the strong Dou Di had to leave Dou Qi Continent after all. Immediately, they appeared in Zhongzhou.

The top of Zhongzhou, a mountain that broke out of the ground in the battle of the two emperors, is called Shuangdi Mountain by the world. This mountain is unattainable, and there seems to be a special energy barrier on it. No matter who it is, there is no way to forcibly break in.

The five fighting emperors!

This Dou Di powerhouse, who had been extinct on Dou Di Continent for ten thousand years, now appears on Shuangdi Mountain as five of them!

At the peak of the mountain, the five people who were still in the Xiao family just a moment ago appeared in a manor. In the manor, a figure in black stood with his hands behind his back, looking up at the endless void in front of him. There was no energy fluctuation on him. .

However, under that thin back, it seemed that even the heaven and the earth were only eclipsed.

"You guys already have the strength to attack Dou Di, but it's just because of the lack of Origin Qi that you can't go any further. As long as this problem is solved, you will be promoted to Dou Di, it will be a matter of course." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Hey, but even though you are promoted to Dou Di, there seems to be a big gap between you and you? What level are you at now?" Zhu Kun asked curiously, he found that even if he stepped into Dou Di Level, still can not see Xiao Yan's strength, after decades of practice, it seems that the latter has made progress.

"It is true that after the years of your retreat, I vaguely feel that my strength has improved and I have improved, but there is no record of Dou Di on the Dou Qi Continent, and I don't know." Xiao Yan was also a little helpless.

The Dou Di strong is the strongest in this world, no one knows what goes up. However, he also understands that now he is indeed a lot more tyrannical than when he was just promoted to Emperor Dou. Similar to the strength of the original Soul Emperor, I am afraid it will not hinder him in the slightest.

"In that plane, there may be an answer."

"At the time of your retreat, my feeling is getting stronger and stronger. The Dou Qi Continent seems to be crowding me out. There is always a voice calling me from a distance." Xiao Yan raised his head, looked at the endless void, and muttered. .

"I'm curious about that voice you're talking about, or another unknown world."

Zhu Kun cracked his mouth, and his eyes were strangely hot. In this world, they were already supreme powerhouses. However, in that mysterious plane, perhaps this was just the beginning of the journey.

"You're heartbroken?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Aren't you?" Zhu Kun said with a smile.

Xiao Yan nodded, took a deep breath, raised his head, and looked at the endless void, the smile on his face gradually became brighter. This kind of smile has not appeared for many years.

Then Xiao Yan's figure slowly hovered above the Dou Qi Road, squinting his eyes and looking at the endless void in the passage in front of him, his eyes that had been calm for many years suddenly became hot, and he murmured: " These decades of cultivation have almost made me forget the feeling of fighting."

Gu Yuan and Zhu Kun hovered close to Xiao Yan, their eyes full of fiery eyes looking at the dark passage in front of them, and asked in a low voice, "Is this... the passage leading to another road?"

Xiao Yan frowned slightly, then nodded.

"In that case, let's go,"

Xiao Yan's body slowly lifted into the sky, and as he rose into the sky, thick clouds suddenly poured out of the empty sky, and the sky within a radius of tens of thousands of miles turned dark in an instant. After coming down, countless powerhouses raised their heads in horror and looked at the Shuangdi Mountains, where they felt extremely terrifying energy fluctuations.

Under the gaze of countless eyes on the ground, the endless void of the Shuangdi Mountains began to twist violently, the thick cloud layer wriggled, and finally turned into a dark passage. Horrible smell.

This is the way to another plane!

Looking at the dark passage like a black hole, Xiao Yan flicked his fingers, and four rays of light shot into the hands of Xun'er: "All exchange soul jade with each other and leave a soul imprint on it, in this case, if there is any accident , you will be able to know the life and death situation of each other, and you can take these medicine pills, the unknown world is terrifying, and in the face of the unknown, we can only deal with emergencies by making more preparations."

Speaking of Xiao Yan's hands, there were four Nataka rings, and there were some ninth-grade golden pills in them. It was precisely what Xiao Yan refined when they were retreating and attacking Dou Emperor. Xiao Yan's current medicine refining skills can be said to be ten. The product is not too much.

These numerous healing medicines all came from Xiao Yan, the number one pharmacist in the Dou Qi Continent! This ninth-grade Jindan is unmatched on the Dou Qi Road, because it is always refined by the Dou Di strong, and it is not comparable to ordinary Jindan.

When Xiao Yan was talking, his face was quite solemn. Even he felt dangerous in that mysterious world. Looking at the passage, even with Xiao Yan's strength, there was not a trace of coercion. Spread out, therefore, have to be cautious.

"When you enter the passage, you follow me closely. Don't separate. When you encounter a crisis, the first thing you need is to protect yourself. Even if it is the worst plan, we are separated. As long as there is a soul jade, it is easier to find it." Xiao Yan tilted his head and said solemnly to Cailin and Xun'er, no one knows what the mysterious plane world is about. Although they are unmatched on the Dou Qi Continent, when they get there, it is no longer like this. , If the time comes, he will never be worried that Xun'er and Cailin are alone in this unknown world!

"Well. UU reading www.uukanshu.com"

Cailin and Xun'er also knew the importance of what Xiao Yan said, so they both nodded calmly.

"Let's go."

After finishing all the instructions, Xiao Yan took a deep breath again, and stopped talking nonsense. He grabbed Cailin and Xun'er with both hands, and when he moved, he turned into a black light, as fast as he could. He swept away at the dark black hole like lightning, and behind him, Gu Yuan and Zhu Kun met, gritted his teeth, and followed.

Countless gazes, looking at the meteors streaking across the sky, some people seem to know what Xiao Yan and others are planning, and there are countless figures kneeling down on that continent.

"Congratulations to the Emperor Yan!"

"Congratulations to the leader!"

The mighty voices converged on the Dou Qi Continent, and finally rushed to the sky, echoing between the heaven and the earth, for a long time.

"Little guy. The world there will be ten thousand times more exciting than the Dou Qi Continent. Hehe, when I'll be promoted to the Dou Emperor level, I'll go to that world to have a look. At that time, you'll have to lay down a place to let Enjoy the blessings for your teacher." In the Tianfu Alliance, Yao Lao's eyes could not help but get wet when he saw Xiao Yan who was gradually disappearing in front of him.

"Father, Mother, Mother Xun Er, I will come to find you when I reach Dou Di." Even with the strength of Xiaoxiao Baxing Dousheng, seeing the scene of family separation in front of him, tears in the corners of his eyes could not help falling.

"Xiao Yan, you can't die, you still have to give me medicine to eat." Zi Yan knew very well how much Xiao Yan helped him, if it wasn't for him...

The end is also the beginning, a new world? Xiao Yan was looking forward to the new world in his heart, and the blood in his heart seemed to be burning again. Let me, Xiao Yan, come to this unknown continent.