Chapter 329: The collision between Xuanling King's clone and Zhu Lao Dou Di's peak powerhouse!

"Boom boom boom!" A terrifying energy beam also emanated from Zhu Lao's body, and then the next moment, it also slowly flew towards Du He, the sixth prince not far away.

The energy beam whizzed away with overwhelming power, and the space was shattered in the path, as if it could not bear the power.

Moreover, even the space around Du He was solidified, and the next moment, Du He's inner terror also permeated!

His pupils shrank tightly, and just now he wanted to stimulate the fighting qi in his body, but he found that he was suppressed by the invisible spiritual power of the old Zhu, and the fighting qi could not be used!

"Such a strange suppression..."

"damn it……"

"It's actually the undefeated God of War - Ashes..." The entourage beside the sixth prince Du He also said with a sullen face.

Obviously, you can recognize this terrifying existence at a glance!

This undefeated God of War is one of the most terrifying beings in the Fenxiang Pavilion. Even if the five of them are given a hundred courage, they would not dare to provoke them.

Just when Elder Zhu's terrifying beam was about to attack Du He, the three guards beside Du He also looked at each other, and then their figures flashed, and they came to Du He in an instant.

Looking at the appearance, it was obvious that he was going to resist this Du He.

After all, their mission is to protect the sixth prince, and even at a critical time, maybe they have to sacrifice themselves...

"Hehe, the undefeated God of War bullies a junior like this, but you lose your identity." Even when the terrifying beam attacked the three guards, a very loud voice accompanied by an illusory figure slowly appeared in the The Sixth Prince Du He's side.

As soon as the illusory figure appeared, he waved at the energy beam emitted by Zhu Lao, and the energy beam dissipated immediately.

"Hehe, King Xuanling..."

"It's really been a long time..." When Zhu Lao was looking at this energy figure, he also slowly laughed, because Zhu Lao made such a move because he also found that there is some power in the dark. Du He's side, otherwise, with Zhu Lao's concentration, he would not have shot this Du He so easily. After all, Zhu Lao was representing the Burning Incense Pavilion at this time.

Elder Zhu's smile is quite bright, but anyone with discernment can find some different fluctuations in it. It is as if the elder Zhu hides a knife in his smile.

"Xiao Yan, why did Elder Zhu come out?"

"It's not like I heard that this old Zhu is the most dependent on the old and the youngest in the Burning Incense Pavilion..." Beside Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying also spoke slowly...

"This old Zhu is one of the strongest in our Incense Pavilion..."

"How could it be possible to rely on the old and sell the old, at most, there are some arrogance as a strong..."

"Cough, cough, cough..." Xiao Yan also said slowly, obviously these words were listened to by Zhu Lao outside the Fentian Territory, and he immediately glanced at not far from himself, and moved towards Xiao Yan who came by himself.

"This kid..." Elder Zhu also said slowly, and the next moment, his pupils also became a little deeper, and then he stared at the illusory figure of King Xuanling in front of him.

Obviously, even if this is just the Dou Qi energy clone of the Xuanling King, it should not be underestimated. After all, the strength displayed by the Xuanling King when he selected his disciples that day has already reached the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, but he doesn't know that he has Set foot on the level of a few turns...

"This is Youngest Bamboo..."

"It is said that the status of this elder Zhu is second only to the main and deputy pavilion masters and a few elders in the Fenxiang Pavilion..." Mu Feng also grinned.

"Oh." Hearing this, Xiao Yan stared at Mu Feng with great interest. Although Mu Feng could be trusted, when combined with the Infernal Corpse Forest, Mu Feng seemed to know too much, right?

"Hehe, my previous teacher was the elder in the Fenxiang Pavilion, so..." Mu Feng also hurriedly explained.

"No wonder..." Xiao Yan suddenly said when he heard the words.

"It seems like there's going to be a battle in the sky..." Mu Yingying also said softly, and then the three of them stopped their steps, and then looked at the confrontation between the old Zhu and King Xuanling in the sky.

"Today's incident was caused by your trespassing into the forbidden space of our Burning Incense Pavilion, so you can't blame us." Elder Zhu was the first to speak.

Obviously, no matter how unbearable the relationship between Fenxiang Pavilion and the Xuanling royal family is, now that there is the doppelganger of the Xuanling King, it is extremely difficult to kill the sixth prince, Du He.

Moreover, Lao Zhu himself and the Xuanling royal family also have a deep relationship, but Lao Zhu did not tell Xiao Yan, because Lao Zhu also did not want this grievance to spread to the next generation.

"What nonsense!"

"Du He is the one I dispatched to your Burning Incense Pavilion to lead you to the Xuanling Emperor Pond this time, so you treat him like this?" King Xuanling also glanced at the five people behind him, then turned his head and said yes. Old Zhu said viciously.

Du He, who was on the side, didn't dare to speak out. Obviously, he just tried to enter the Burning Heaven Territory without permission. Now that this old Zhu found an excuse, he was speechless.

"Haha, King Xuanling, your ability to confuse right and wrong remains the same as before!"

"But this is my Burning Incense Pavilion, not your Xuanling Royal Family!" Elder Zhu also laughed, and at the same time, a arrogant and unruly silver fighting spirit permeated instantly.

"Humph!" King Xuanling's energy clone also snorted coldly, and then, unwilling to be outdone, released an extremely huge force.

At this time, in the periphery of Burning Tianyu, Old Zhu was surrounded by silver fighting qi, and King Xuanling's clone was also slowly wrapped by a yellow fighting qi, which caught everyone's eyes. And a yellow vindictive aura also slowly flowed, and then the invisible two auras were secretly stalemate outside the Fen Tian Territory.

"I didn't expect you, an immortal, to actually touch this threshold..." King Xuanling's pupils shrank tightly in the next moment, obviously feeling an extremely strange power from the silver grudge on the old Zhuo's body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, it's not a problem to deal with you!"

"If you want to run away like a hundred years ago you can try." Elder Zhu also said in a calm manner, but the unquestionable voice in his voice could not be faked.

"Hehe, a hundred years of shame, this king will take it back sooner or later with interest." King Xuanling's energy clone also said slowly, but the next moment, an extremely terrifying force also slowly disappeared from Xuanling. The king's energy clone is brewing.

"But before that, I also want to try to see how far you have reached..." The mysterious figure of King Xuanling's energy avatar, which is also an illusory figure, slowly made a very eerie sound, and then stared at Zhu Lao.

The next moment, the yellow vindictive aura also emerged from within King Xuanling's body, and then gathered in his hand to form an extremely dazzling bead.

The seemingly inconspicuous beads, but the power contained in them actually surprised Du He and Xiao Yan!

Because they also felt the terrifying power contained in the yellow beads, if it erupted outside this Burning Heaven Territory...

Then this Burning Heaven Territory will also be severely damaged!

"It's actually a broken dzi bead!" Du He's pupils also widened tightly, and then his eyes fixed on the yellow bead on the avatar of the Xuanling King.

That bead...

It seems unremarkable, but with Du He's eyesight, he can naturally feel the strange power inside...

The power contained in the yellow beads...

It seems to be a bit like the power of life and death...

Ask for tickets!