Chapter 398: Crisis 4 Volts!

The group of four also slowly left the accommodation, and then headed towards the busy city in Xuanling City.

Xuanling City is a bustling city. There are many people from Xuan Santian gathered here. They have many strange things in their hands. These things may seem like scrap iron in the eyes of ordinary people, but in the eyes of those who need them, it is like a lot of money. Therefore, such a busy market is also very popular in Xuanling City, because the busy market is not like an auction, with cumbersome rules!

Here, there are only successful transactions!

Of course, it is also extremely unwise to steal secretly. After all, everyone knows the truth that wealth is not revealed. If there is no strength, I am afraid that it will not be easy to take out precious things.

In the busy market of Xuanling City, everything is dominated by buyers and sellers. As long as the two reach an agreement, the transaction will be completed.

The premise is that you have to offer a satisfactory remuneration.

The four of them also walked for a long time in the busy Xuanling City, and then slowly came to the downtown.

Before entering the downtown area, Xiao Yan noticed a stream of extremely strong Danxiang flowing out.

"It seems that this place is really a good place." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

The next moment, without any hesitation, he stepped in. Mu Yingying and Mu Feng also followed, but Elder Zhu also disappeared.

The next moment, in a beautiful bamboo building, the figure of Zhu Lao also appeared.

"Senior!" Elder Zhu slowly sat down, and then the people beside him respectfully said.

"Has the Xuanling royal family made any big moves recently?" Elder Zhu also asked.

Here is a secret information point of their Burning Incense Pavilion under the eyes of the Xuanling royal family.

"Reporting to the seniors, the Xuanling Royal Family has not done anything at the moment, and is preparing for this auction intensely."

"However, according to the investigation of the subordinates, it was found that the dragon-loving army of the Xuanling royal family is gathering, lying to the outside world that they are participating in military exercises, but in fact they are preparing to start a crusade against the Medusa family." A thin figure also slowly got the word. .

"It seems that they still can't stand it anymore..."

"Pass my order to take over Xiao Yi and the green flute from the Hall of Humanity. When the auction ends, I will personally take the five of them to the Medusa family. In practice, I will try to stop the Xuanling royal family."

"Because I always feel that they have some kind of conspiracy." Elder Zhu also slowly understood.

"Yes, senior!" After speaking, the figure was also ready to leave.

"Wait a minute, and check again which disciple was enshrined in the Xuanling Emperor's Pond to intercept me." Elder Zhu also said.

"As ordered." After the figure finished speaking, he also left, leaving only Elder Zhu.

"The Xuanling Royal Family, what are you guys doing..." Old Zhu also said, staring at the Xuanling Royal Family in the depths of the Xuanling City.

"A lot of medicinal herbs..."

"Nine Hearts Ganoderma lucidum..."

"Tianshan Snow Lotus..." All the familiar names came out of Xiao Yan's mouth.

What appeared to Xiao and the others were piles of extremely rich medicinal herbs!

Langya is full of commodities here, ranging from heaven and earth treasures to panacea.

"Is this the trading center of Xuanling City..." Xiao Yan also looked at this place with great interest.

In front of him are two very eye-catching characters, "Pharmacy Market".

Everyone here has their own booth, and then they are in their own positions, shouting endlessly.

The three also looked at the medicine market in front of them a little, and then entered the medicine market directly from the road.

As the three of Xiao Yan disappeared, a slightly burly figure stuck out his head, and then murmured, "I saw Xiao Yan just now, why is it gone now?"

Taking a closer look, this person is Du Chun!

It was the one who joined the Ancient Desolate Palace!

A person who cannot cultivate vindictiveness, but his own strength is extremely terrifying!

However, at this moment, Du Chun, there was an invisible wave around him, I am afraid that even the Five-Star Dou Emperor would not dare to underestimate it.

"You brat, why are you running so fast?" In the next moment, an admonishing voice appeared beside Du Chun.

A middle-aged man also spoke up, but at this time, the middle-aged man was extremely burly, and his muscles were quite well-proportioned.

"Teacher, you don't know that in the point snatching competition that our group participated in, Xiao Yan was a bit opportunistic, but he actually killed the twin ghost emperors!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"At that time, I secretly swore that since Xiao Yan saved my life, I will repay him in the future!"

"But before that, I still have to fight to defeat him!" Du Chun also laughed, but that smile was full of simplicity but couldn't hide it.

"Although you are a little naive, you can only be made." The next moment, the middle-aged man beside him also said slowly.

After speaking, the two also walked straight into the busy city.

"Hehe, it's really interesting. Not only are the people from the Burning Incense Pavilion here, but also the people from the Ancient Desolate Palace." The next moment, Solomon's figures also slowly appeared in a teahouse next to the busy city.

Apparently, Xiao Yan and the people from the Ancient Desolate Palace were all caught in their eyes just now.

Among the three, they were all wearing black cloaks that covered their bodies, but among the three, there were two rather majestic figures, and there was also a rather thin figure in the middle.

"Zhujin should be here, right?" There was also a deep voice among the three Solomon people.

"En." Among the three figures, a rather tall figure also said.

"When will you do it?" Another man with the same burly figure also said.

"Wait, after all, the Xuanling Royal Family's interception failed, so it's not good to take action directly at the Xuanling Royal Family. It's better to wait until the auction is over before they leave the Xuanling Royal Family." The thin figure also said.

"Yes, my lord." The thin figure just finished speaking, and the two burly figures around him also said.

"Bamboo Ember..."

"It's up to you how to escape this time." The thin figure also said slowly.

"This Solomon seems to have some connection with the ghost world..."

"But why is there no one here after I tracked it down?" The next moment, not far from Solomon's three black-clothed powerhouses the space also trembled strangely, and a purgatory hall appeared out of thin air. people.

"Forget it, let's go back and report to the Sect Master first." After the man who was attached to the strange runes, he disappeared, and no one noticed it from beginning to end.

"Let's go."

"I don't know what strange things will appear in this auction of the Xuanling royal family." The next moment, a figure dressed in the clothes of an alchemist also appeared in this Xuanling City, and then walked towards the VIP room!

This alchemist is also quite old, but the silver badge engraved with four lines on the alchemist's clothes is also extremely dazzling.

No matter who it is, it can be seen at a glance that this is clearly the clothes of a high-level pharmacist, and even just from the badge on the clothes, it can be seen that this person has actually reached the initial level of the second-grade emperor. !

This is enough to make many four-star fighting emperors go crazy and rush to it!

"It's actually from Dangu..."

"Even the second-rank emperor alchemist has been dispatched. It seems that the items in this auction are really not to be underestimated..." The people who were watching the excitement slowly understood.

"Let's go, uncle, I hope this auction will have what we need." Next to the second-rank emperor-rank pharmacist, there is also a girl who looks quite delicate, but this girl has the engraving on her body. The badge with three lines is also distributed!

Impressively, he is also an alchemist at the peak of the first emperor rank!

Ask for tickets!