Chapter 278: Deserved champion!

In the dark space passage, Xiao Yan was also relieved, this **** point plundering competition is finally over...

In addition to the evil soldier in the ghost world – the Soul Eater Talisman, the gains of this trip are not without, but after leaving the corpse forest, Xiao Yan also found that the fighting spirit in his body seemed to be faintly fainted. Signs about a breakout!

This made Xiao Yan quite satisfied. After all, he had just broken through the four-star Dou Di a few months ago, and his strength showed signs of breakthrough in a short period of time, so he was inevitably a little excited.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The current self is the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor in the early stage. After this point plundering competition is over, and after joining the sect, he will be able to break through to the middle of the four-star Dou Emperor as a matter of course.

However, Xiao Yan also knew very well that the sign of his breakthrough this time was due to the battle between himself and the twin ghost emperors.

Xiao Yan was also aware of the importance of power at this time. If it weren't for the pure fighting qi of the three seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, and by coincidence with himself, he obtained the Soul Eater Talisman to restrain the twin ghost emperors, giving Xiao Yan ten lives. , Xiao Yan is definitely not going to be this early bird, but fortunately Xiao Yan succeeded.

Just after leaving the Infernal Corpse Forest and entering the space tunnel, Xiao Yan also found that the players who participated in the point grabbing competition this time also looked at him differently, as if there was a trace of respect, and Xiao Yan was quite puzzled by this.

"You kid is really worrying." A relieved voice also entered Xiao Yan's ears.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan also smiled and scratched his head, then looked at Chang Yu.

Chang Yu is the deputy pavilion owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion's outer pavilion, and he must also be in charge of this competition.

"Senior, this time the point grabbing competition encounters such an unexpected event, so how is the final ranking calculated..." Xiao Yan also suddenly remembered, this is what Xiao Yan cares about the most, after all, only the first place can enter the mysterious The Imperial Pool of the Ling Royal Family...

"It's true that we were negligent in this competition, but fortunately you turned the tide in the end, so this time we plan to let you, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng, go to the Imperial Pond."

"As for the first place..." Chang Yu said here, but also smiled slowly, and then stopped talking.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan felt relieved when he heard that Chang Yu said that he had the qualifications to enter the Imperial Pond.

Since he already has the qualifications to enter the Imperial Pond, these rankings are also in vain, and the number one rank is no longer important.

"Hey, Xiao Yan, you may not know something, then the first place is you." Mu Feng also said excitedly from the side, obviously not dissatisfied or other emotions because Xiao Yan won the first place , some are just excited and happy for Xiao Yan.

But what makes Mu Feng the most happy is that he also has the qualifications to enter the Imperial Pond, which is very pleasing.

"what?"

"Am I the number one?" Xiao Yan was also at a loss, remembering that he was in the top ten on top of his points. As for the number one, shouldn't it be Mu Yingying...

"You are the first. If it wasn't for you to turn the tide in the end, then we would have been completely in the Infernal Corpse Forest." Mu Yingying also said in a silver bell-like voice.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also took care of it.

Originally, I didn't care too much about these rankings, just to get the qualification to enter the royal pool of the Xuanling royal family...

Where, but there are things that make countless humans crazy.

Holy flame.

Even if there is only a slight chance, Xiao Yan will definitely not give up, after all, something like holy flame is too precious.

"Hey, why are you like this, I kindly gave you the first place, don't you even say thank you?" Mu Yingying bit her lips, and then stared at Xiao Yan viciously, unhappy.

"Then I'll thank you for him." Yueru also stepped forward and said to Mu Yingying.

Sometimes, a woman's intuition is very powerful. For example, at this time, Yue Ru felt that Mu Yingying seemed to have other thoughts about Xiao Yan.

"You!" Mu Yingying was also filled with grievances by this sudden scene. Just as she was about to exit, she was stopped by the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger beside her.

"You little auntie, this woman has a strange aura, a bit like the aura of an inheritor..." Tianhuo Sacred Tiger whispered beside Mu Yingying.

When Mu Yingying heard it, she had no choice but to do it. The reason why Mu Yingying was interested in Xiao Yan was that Xiao Yan had an aura she was familiar with.

Xiao Yan looked at the two who were constantly arguing, shook his head with a headache, and then discussed with Mu Feng.

"Then what exactly is the Imperial Pond..." Xiao Yan also asked curiously.

"I don't know the specifics. After all, the Imperial Pond is the most precious thing in the Xuanling royal family, and the guards are extremely strict. Even the seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses dare not go there rashly."

"However, one thing is certain, the Imperial Pond must be a good thing, otherwise the Xuanling Imperial Family would not have taken it out." Mu Feng also said.

"Having said that, maybe the Xuanling Imperial Family is using this Imperial Pond to lure contestants to join them. After all, as long as you join them, you are also eligible to enter the Imperial Pond."

"It's just a group of vain humans." Chang Yu also said slowly.

"Um……"

"It seems that the relationship between the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family is not very good..." Xiao Yan also quickly calculated in his heart after hearing this.

At this time, they were in the space passage. According to Chang Yu's words, when they left the space passage, they had to go up the mountain and choose a sect!

So Xiao Yan also had to make plans early to join that sect!

"However, you don't have to be burdened. No matter which sect you join, with your talents, you will be able to obtain a lot of resources, and your future will be smooth!" Chang Yu also said I don't know. When will the Dou Di Pill be distributed..." Xiao Yan also hurriedly changed the subject, but Xiao Yan remembered clearly that the top ten players in this point grabbing competition could have a Dou Di Pill!

It is only a matter of time before his current strength breaks through the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di, and when the Dou Di Pill is added, he will suddenly become the strength of the late four-star Dou Qi!

This is what makes Xiao Yan excited.

"Haha, what a shrewd little guy." Chang Yu also laughed.

"Don't worry, when you join the sect, it will be distributed to you." Chang Yu said with a smile.

"Let's go, it's the end, after you go out from this space passage, you will reach the foot of the mountain. The messengers of various sects are also waiting for you at the top of the mountain. When you join the sect, they will take you directly to your own sect. here." Chang Yu also said.

"Be careful with the Xuanling Royal Family and Solomon." Just when Xiao Yan discovered that a door of light appeared in the space passage, a voice also sounded in his heart, and it was Chang Yu's voice transmission!

Chang Yu originally wanted to interfere, but the talents of Xiao Yan and the others were no trivial matter. If they joined their Burning Incense Pavilion...

It's just that Chang Yu was worried that it would backfire, so he had no choice but to do it.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was also quite relieved. It seemed that the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion were all good.

"Xuan Santian, let me Xiao Yan come to meet you." Xiao Yan also laughed, and without hesitation, his figure moved and disappeared into the space passage.