Chapter Vol 4 2161: Gather helpers and return to Dou Qi Continent! ...

Five days, say fast or not, say slow or not.

In the past few days, Xiao Yan has been appearing in the Endless Fire Territory, occasionally instructing the outstanding disciples in the Endless Fire Territory to cultivate, or comprehending some of his own strength alone, but he has lived quite peacefully, even Xiao Yan The various powers in Yan's body have reached a rare saturation at this time, but there is still some gap between the so-called reincarnation.

As for Cailin and Xun'er, they secretly gathered a group of reincarnation powerhouses at the level of Supreme Elders, and quietly built a passage to the Dou Qi Continent under the Endless Fire Territory.

"The space channel is broken. With the power of the soul, it is impossible to detect the situation in the lower realm, and I don't know how they are now."

At this time, Xiao Yan sat lazily on a mountain in the back mountain, with his back against a big tree, with a hint of concern on the corner of his mouth, and a familiar figure in his mind unconsciously appeared in his mind.

Father, teacher, Xiao Xiao, Yun Yun, Xiaoyixian, Zi Yan, etc...

It has been decades since the Five Emperors broke the sky. According to normal circumstances, the Dou Qi Continent has the help of the Dou Emperor blood. Similar to Xiao Xiao Xiao and others who received the help of the Dou Emperor blood, they should have the strength of the Dou Emperor by now, but Why is it so slow to step into the Dou Di Continent?

Could it be that the space channel was destroyed by the five of them when they broke through space, so they couldn't break through the lower realm?

Or is there another reason?

And what Hun Tianhao said a few days ago, what does the faint distress signal from above the Dou Qi Continent indicate?

"Xiao Yan!!!"

"It turns out that you came here alone, it really makes me look good!"

Just when Xiao Yan's mind was a little confused, a light and angry sound of swearing sounded.

"Yingying?"

Xiao Yan sat up, looked at Mu Yingying walking over, and said helplessly.

Since Cailin and Xun'er confessed about Mu Yingying's affairs, although Xun'er was jealous for a few days, the three of them were inseparable in the following time, like three very good sisters.

Although Xiao Yan could not take advantage of it, he was very happy to see the three of them being so intimate. After all, what Xiao Yan was afraid of was the estrangement between the three of them. Fortunately, such a thing did not happen. In this situation, Xiao Yan Yan is even pleased.

"What's up?"

Xiao Yan said, and it could be seen that Mu Yingying was very worried, she should be looking for herself.

"Oh, I couldn't explain this matter for a while."

"Come on, follow me to the hall."

Mu Yingying came over, grabbed Xiao Yan's palm, and then walked towards the hall without waiting for Xiao Yan to react.

"Hey, ah, wait..."

Before Xiao Yan could refuse, he was hurriedly dragged into the hall by Mu Yingying.

"Lord Domain Master."

At this time, in the hall, Feng Wan'er, Xiao Zifan and other high-level officials of the Endless Fire Territory, as well as some unfamiliar guys, but the fluctuations in these guys are all good.

"This is?"

Xiao Yan was calm on the surface, but he was extremely surprised in his heart.

"This time, I will stay in the Endless Fire Territory. These are the powerhouses that I have gathered in the past few days, three of the eight-star Dou Xian who are complete, seven people in the late stage of the Eight-star Dou Xian, and twenty people in the middle stage of the Eight-star Dou Xian."

"They are all leaders of the various forces under the Endless Fire Territory, and they will definitely be able to help you."

"As for the reason, I'm worried that there will be some evil forces in the space passage, so..."

Mu Yingying smiled and said indifferently.

"Hey, Lord Xiao Yu, I was also invited by Mistress Mu to come here. I want to do my part for Lord Xiao Yu, shouldn't I bother you?"

Seeing Xiao Yan's silent appearance, among the dozens of old men, an eight-star Douxian Perfectionist couldn't help but hurriedly made a round.

After all, Xiao Yan's strength is not directly proportional to his combat effectiveness, even their Eight Star Fighting Immortals' complete strength would be horrified.

"It's true that I neglected this matter."

"I didn't expect you to be quite thoughtful, girl."

Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying in surprise. It seemed that she hadn't seen each other for a long time. Mu Yingying had greatly improved in both strength and wisdom.

I have been in a mess these past few days because of the Dou Qi Continent. Fortunately, I have Mu Yingying, my virtuous helper, and laughed for a while.

"Sister Xun'er and Sister Cailin are so good, of course I don't want to lose to them."

Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan's gratified smile and pouted, feeling extremely happy.

"This accompanying trip is to pass through the space channel and enter the lower world Dou Qi continent. Anyone who accompanies them, whether they have merit or not, will be rewarded with a Holy Pill."

Xiao Yan thought about it and decided.

"Lord Xiao Yu's words are polite."

"We are part of the Endless Fire Territory, and it is our duty to contribute to the Endless Fire Territory. There is no such thing as a reward for subjugation."

When everyone heard the words, they hurriedly declined.

Now is the time to show their strength. In order to have a bright future in the future, it is obviously extremely unwise to charge them at this time.

"Since that's the case, the juniors don't force it anymore."

"Come on, give me a drink!"

"Domain Lord, please!"

……

Just as everyone was chatting and laughing, the land of the Endless Fire Territory trembled abruptly, and a faint energy fluctuation spread out, followed by a number of black shadows.

Among the dark shadows, Cailin and Xun'er were the two most conspicuous beauties, and the rest were all supreme elders of the ancient race.

"The space channel has been successfully repaired."

Cailin took the lead in pursing her red lips. There is urgency in the lazy voice.

"Wong buzzing!"

"These are some of the details in the endless fire domain."

With a wave of Feng Wan'er's hand, ten old men in red robes stepped out from the surrounding void, orderly, and the fluctuations on their bodies were quite extraordinary.

"It should be enough."

Xiao Yan nodded solemnly and looked at the entrance of the space channel vortex above the ground.

In addition to the dozens of powerhouses that Mu Yingying mobilized, and the ten elites who were stationed here, the lineup is now quite large, and there are vaguely a team of forty people, and these forty people are all in the eighth grade. Xingdouxian reached the perfection level in the early stage.

A team of this level has never been owned by even the seven ancient clans. Thinking of this, Xiao Yan's heart eased a little.

"Now that you're ready, let's go."

"As for this, I'll leave it to you all."

Xiao Yan watched everyone get ready, waved his sleeves, and a fierce wind emerged, sending everyone's figures to the vortex mouth of the space passage in one fell swoop.

"Yingying, let's go."

Xun'er's eyes became bright, and immediately the three mistresses took the lead and went down together.

"Go, we will guard here and wait for you to come back."

Feng Wan'er and Elder Taishang and other reincarnation powerhouses laughed when they looked at Xiao Yan's huge lineup.

As Xiao Yan's mighty lineup swept into the space passage, the quiet space passage suddenly swelled up violently, an extremely terrifying space force, uncontrollably from under the ground of the endless fire domain Overflowing, a faint sound of muffled thunder sounded underground.

"Little guy, don't let us down."

With a wave of Feng Wan'er's hand, the power of space generated by the space channel suddenly quieted down. At this point, the Endless Fire Territory also entered a state of high-intensity alert.

Of course, Xiao Yan and everyone are now on their way home with a strong attitude.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: