Chapter 393: The place to heaven, the eyes of angels!

"What?" The next moment, Peerless Heavenly Emperor was also suddenly surprised.

As the previous voice fell, a figure slowly appeared.

This person is Xun'er's father, Gu Yuan!

After all, the place where Xun'er lives, apart from his teacher and the peerless emperor who can enter and exit at will, I am afraid that his father can also enter.

Due to the existence of the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan on Xun'er's body, the Golden Emperor's Fen Tianyan is related to the existence of the supreme treasure in the jade, so Xun'er was accepted as a closed disciple by the peerless Emperor Tiandi, one of the seven fighting immortals who now presides over the overall situation of the ancient clan. , so the identity of Gu Yuan is also rising among the ancients.

"Gu Yuan, is what you said true?" The next moment, Peerless Tiandi's expression also became unpleasant, and then he slowly faced Gu Yuan on the side.

"It's absolutely true." Gu Yuan also responded.

After Gu Yuan finished speaking, he also looked at Xun'er aside.

As a father, who doesn't want to see their daughter live happily and happily every day.

Now, seeing the smile on Xun Erbei's lips, Gu Yuan felt something loosened in his heart.

"It's troublesome now..." The next moment, the complexion of the Peerless Heavenly Emperor's old man also became a bit ugly.

"Teacher, what's going on?" Xun also asked in surprise.

Because with Xun'er's eyesight, it is naturally not difficult to find that since his father came to the church, his teacher, a generation of immortal warriors, and peerless heavenly emperor's complexion has also become ugly.

"Miss Xun'er, you don't know anything about this."

"Above our Douyun Continent, in addition to the strength of our ancient eight clans, there are many sects that are also extremely powerful!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And this church is one of the most powerful forces." Gu Qing also said coldly to Xun'er.

"Church?"

"What kind of power is that?" Xun'er also frowned slightly. After all, she was always on top of the Immortal Creation Peak, and she was blocked from the outside world.

"The church..."

"As we all know, even if we are in the Dou Di Continent, not everyone is a Dou Di. There are many Dou Shengs or even people with lower strength, or ordinary people who have not cultivated."

"Birth, old age, sickness and death have become the most troublesome things for these people."

"Over time, in order to seek the protection of angels, the people of Douyun Continent built an extremely magnificent palace on the highest point of Douyun Continent..."

"And the angel family, who control the life and death of human beings and master the resurrection magic, are moved by the piety of human beings. At the headquarters of the church built by humans, the highest point of Douyun Continent, a channel to the kingdom of angels has been established. Angels Eyes." Peerless Heaven and Earth also slowly opened his mouth.

"And this church is the power of angels in our human world."

"In other words, behind this church, there is a family of angels." Gu Qing also explained.

"Angel?" The next moment, Xun'er's golden pupils also had some waves.

Because even Xun'er, who has always been calm as water, is rarely so surprised.

But Xun'er knew that the true charm of the angel who mastered the resurrection magic was undoubtedly more enviable than that of the alchemist.

It's futile to use a good medicinal elixir if you die.

"Hey, Xun'er, let's go and see what they mean." The next moment, Peerless Heavenly Emperor also said slowly to Xun'er.

"I hope it's not for me." Xun'er also said to herself.

The next moment, Peerless Heaven and Earth and Gu Qing also walked slowly.

Xun'er also glanced at her father, and then said, "Father, I'm going out to find brother Xiao Yan. I told the teacher, you can feel at ease in the family."

After Xun'er finished speaking, her pupils also got a little moist, and then I said to follow.

The three slowly disappeared on the grass.

"Hey, Xiao Yan, I hope you're all right..." After Gu Yuan finished speaking, he shook his head helplessly, and then slowly disappeared.

The seven immortal-making peaks slowly formed a circle, and the center of the circle was the meeting place of the seven factions of the ancient clan.

Whenever there is a major event or to welcome some well-heeled people, it will be done here.

There are countless buildings in Langya full of eyes, the birds sing and the flowers are fragrant, the stream flows slowly, and it is alive like a fairyland on earth.

"Hehe, I don't know why the church came here this time?" In a rather quiet wooden house, the six old men also slowly sat on the top of the table. You don't need to think about it, you know that these six should be impressive. It is the other six immortal-making peaks who are fighting immortals, and then opposite the six old men, there is a rather handsome young man and a simple old man in red.

"Hehe, seniors, this time, the reason for coming here is to bring the relationship between my church and the ancients closer. After all, we are both in Douyun Continent, so there are many helpers." The handsome man also slowed down. He smiled slowly, but the pupils kept staring at the door, obviously waiting for something.

"It's easy to talk about." The six old men became excited when they heard it!

To be able to cooperate or become a partner with this church is an incredible thing!

After all, the Church is the power of the angel family in humans, and it is not an exaggeration to say that they have mastered the resurrection magic.

As for the terrifying ability that can bring people back to life, who would not want to curry favor with it.

After all, at their age, it's hard to be exhausted in strength, and because they are old, they are not allowed to fail to break through that day, and to deal with this church well, not to mention resurrection, even rejuvenation. possible!

"I don't know why the peerless Heavenly Emperor senior hasn't come yet." The handsome man also slowly stared outside and said.

"Hahaha, who am I, it turns out to be your old fellow Mika." A rather hearty laughter also came from outside.

"You old fellow The red-clothed archbishop known as Micah also smiled slowly at the peerless emperor.

Then the next moment, Peerless Heavenly Emperor also walked in slowly.

Following him, there are two women.

One is Gu Qing, who exudes an icy aura all over his body, a feeling that strangers should not be approached.

And the other one is Xun'er.

The slender skirt is matched with three thousand silks, which sets off the whole body very well. The beautiful eyes with golden flames also turn slightly. The slender eyelashes, every frown and smile undoubtedly show her elegance and beauty.

"Xun'er has seen six seniors." After Xun'er finished speaking, she placed her jade hand slightly in front of her lower abdomen, and then slightly tapped her toes on the ground, and bowed slightly to the six old men.

"Haha, Miss Xun'er is still so polite." The six old men also said with admiration.

"Senior is wrong." After Xun'er finished speaking, she also slowly walked to the front and sat down, but her eyes were not on the two people in the church in front of her.

"Such a beauty, I'm afraid she is also an angel sent from heaven." The next moment, since Xun'er appeared, the handsome man's eyes also became hot, and he never left.

"Tell me, what's the matter." The next moment, with the arrival of the peerless Heavenly Emperor, at this time, among the ancient clan, seven fighting immortals also gathered together, and in front of them, it seems that it is only a powerful A mediocre man and a red-clothed archbishop who is also at the level of fighting immortals!

Ask for tickets!