Chapter 549: Refine the pharmacy!

"There are indeed people here, but I don't know why there is no movement now..."

"Forget it, maybe it's my illusion, let's go and have a look first." Shanyao said a little apologetically.

"No, there must be someone in this mansion!"

"According to what Shanyao said, the things and houses here, except for the library, are like living people, clean and free of any dust. This must be because people live there, so be careful. "Xiao Yan thought to himself, and immediately followed!

This mansion is divided into a front yard and a back yard. The area of ​​the front yard is very small. The place where the stone table is placed is only ten meters away from the left and right sides. It is the steps of the library and pharmacy on the left and right sides!

Count the steps of the pharmacy carefully, there are ten steps in total, and there is a distance of more than one meter.

The only difference is that the door of this pharmacy is not an ordinary wooden door, but an extremely heavy stone door!

A white color appeared on the stone door without any decoration. Some of it was just a doorknob with a lion's head, which was also used as a tool to open the stone door.

"What's wrong?" The three of Xiao Yan came outside the Shimen, but Shanyao suddenly stopped.

"That thing is not here." Shanyao said with relief.

"What is it that can actually make you feel so terrified?" Xiao Yan said puzzled.

"I don't know what it is, but it's very powerful anyway."

"And this thing seems to be left here on purpose by the mansion owner." Shan Yao stuck out her tongue and said rather squeamishly.

"Squeak." After Shanyao finished speaking, she slowly stretched out her jade hand, and then pushed gently on the door handle of the stone door, and the stone door slowly opened!

This time, Shanyao and Shexing have learned to be smart. They just opened the stone gate, and the figure moved and left the stone gate for a few feet. After all, no one can clear what is behind the stone gate, so be careful.

"This is……"

"Danxiang?" When Shimen just revealed a ray of light, a strong fragrance of Danxiang burst out, and then the door was completely filled!

"It's so fragrant..." Shan Yao, who was beside her, took a few greedy breaths and said immediately.

"It should be fine, yes." Xiao Yan's huge soul perception spread out in an instant. He didn't find any danger, and immediately said to Shanyao and the snake.

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, regardless of the two behind him, he slowly paced towards the pharmacy behind the stone gate!

Since this is the place where immortal-level pharmacists refine medicines, the wealth in this place is probably not an exaggeration to say that it is rich enough to rival a country!

However, what Xiao Yan cares about is not these things. According to the white paper in the library just now, the best things in this manor should be in that hall, but Xiao Yan believes that the pharmacy will not let him Disappointed!

As soon as he walked into the pharmacy, Xiao Yan was surprised to find that the pharmacy was huge!

Although it seems to the outside world, there is only a space of less than ten meters, but there is another space in this refining pharmacy. You don’t have to think about it. Pharmacists have strict requirements for places where medicinal pills are made.

The place where medicinal pills are made must not only be ventilated, but also the flow of wind can make the flames more violent, and the time for making medicinal pills will be shortened accordingly.

Secondly, a sealed environment is required. After all, refining medicine pills can’t be sloppy at all. Otherwise, in the process of refining medicine pills, there is no time to be distracted. Once there is any movement or enemy, the alchemist will either give up the refining medicine. Medicine pill, either directly as a living target of others, otherwise there is no other way.

In addition, the place where the alchemist refines the medicinal herbs also needs a lot of jade articles used to hold various medicinal medicinal herbs, because most medicinal medicinal herbs are pure medicinal power. for smoke.

"It's really a good medicine refining space!" Rao was envious of Xiao Yan's eyesight!

The space here is a full 100 meters in size!

In the entire space, dozens of rows of wooden tables are the main ones. The wooden table can be seen to be of extraordinary quality at a glance. On the table, one by one exquisite jade articles are slowly lined up, and the discerning person can see this jade article at a glance. Apparently it was used to hold medicine pills.

Dozens of wooden tables take up one-third of this space.

It was just that Xiao Yan discovered that among these jade articles, there was not a single pill, they were all empty!

"Strange... I remember when I came here, there were pills here."

"How did it all disappear?" Shanyao said in surprise, her small eyes constantly scanning the surroundings, obviously she couldn't believe what was in front of her.

"There seems to be something in there." Xiao Yan searched for a while to no avail. He also shook his head secretly, and then slowly walked towards the back of the dozens of tables.

Where, I think it should be the place where the pharmacist refines the medicinal pills.

"This is..." Xiao Yan slowly came to the back, but he didn't find the pill cauldron used by the alchemist!

A truly excellent pharmacist, the flame is like the soul of a pharmacist. With a more terrifying flame, not only the refining time will be greatly shortened, but even the quality of the medicinal pill will be higher, and the medicine tripod is like the hands and feet of the pharmacist. After all, it is the truth that a clever woman can't cook without rice!

"There should be a giant cauldron here, why is there no more?" Shanyao also followed and said slowly.

"The medicine cauldron used by the alchemist of the Immortal Rank is an extraordinary product, but there are clearly traces of the medicine cauldron here, why is it missing?" Xiao Yan said slowly.

Immediately looking at the grass **** in front of him, he thought, "Could it be that this medicine cauldron was taken first?"

"But in this desert mountain range deep in the lonely desert of death is separated from the Medusa Temple. There should be very few people who want to enter here. After all, the arrogance and domineering of the Medusa family are not so easy to talk about."

"Break the strangeness, where did the medicine cauldron here go?" Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Forget it, this refining pharmacy is also a place with nothing." Snake Xing also looked around and found that there is really nothing worth shooting in this refining pharmacy, so he simply said.

"It seems that this mansion is not as simple as we imagined..."

"Shanyao, think about it carefully, do you remember anything?" At this time, Xiao Yan could only pin his hopes on Shanyao.

"I must have been here before, but it was probably when I was a baby, so my memory is extremely vague..." Shanyao recalled hard.

"When you were a baby..." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, it should have been decades when Shanyao was in a coma, but it has not been a hundred years. If even Shanyao says she can't remember, then you have to be very careful here!

"Wait, I seem to remember."

"There seems to be something about soul power in the hall!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to go to the hall or the backyard first, Shanyao's voice suddenly sounded!

"Soul power?" Xiao Yan suddenly laughed when he heard the words!

Because of the smile, of course, I feel that there is something similar to soul power in this mansion, but I don't know where it is!

Even if the white paper in the library was in the hall, Xiao Yan secretly guarded against it!

Since Shanyao said it now, Xiao Yan also believed the handwriting on the white paper. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: