Chapter Vol 2 802: news out

"This is where the vicious old monster lives?" Xiao Yan and his party were not slow, and they arrived at the location of the so-called Life and Death Eryi Spring.

It's just that Xiao Yan suddenly became puzzled just after arriving here, and then asked Yueru.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan's crowd was a swampy area full of special smells and mists.

In the swamp, bursts of strange bubbles continued to emerge from the ground. Obviously, this swamp is extremely dangerous!

"It's here." Facing Xiao Yan's question, Yueru insisted directly, because according to the information passed to her by the inheritance rune, the location of the Second Yiquan of Life and Death is here, but the information passed by the inheritance rune to Yueru is only When it comes to the swamp, there is no information about where it is in the swamp.

"This is a swampy area, and there are so many towering trees, I am afraid that the two Yiquan of life and death may really be here." Mu Feng, who was silent on the side, suddenly said.

Mu Feng knew a lot about these things, so the words of Yueru and Mu Feng at this time made everyone quiet down.

"A lot of people have gathered here, and some of them have a very obscure aura. I'm afraid their strength is comparable to that of a seven-star fighting emperor..."

"It seems that a lot of strong people have already been eyeing this place." Xiao Yan glanced around the swamp area, his sight was blocked by layers of fog and towering trees, and then he opened his mouth.

Thinking about it too, a mysterious place like the Second Yiquan of Life and Death, which can improve the power of life, will definitely attract a large number of strong people to come.

"Someone came out." The next moment, Leng Fuyao suddenly said to the top of a tree in the sky.

With Leng Fuyao's keen soul power perception, he naturally found a shadowy figure.

Just after Leng Fuyao finished speaking, a dazzling light flashed from the swamp, and there was an extremely tyrannical aura along with it.

"Hehe, everyone." After a while, the dazzling light group suddenly landed on a tree in the sky, and then suddenly said, the sound was so loud that it instantly spread to the entire swamp.

"Song Yue?" The voice just appeared, Xiao Yan knew that the voice belonged to Song Yue, and immediately became puzzled.

"Everyone can come here, it's natural proof that they are all powerful people, and I know what you are here for."

"So... let's be honest, Life and Death Eryi Spring is in this swampy area, but if you want to enter it, there is one more level."

"We have already found the entrance to Yiquan of Life and Death, but the strength of the beast guarding the entrance is too terrifying, so we have no way to do it. Let's see how each person is created." Song Yue wrapped his voice with the power of life to ensure that it reached the ears of everyone in the swamp.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a few breaths, a dazzling light suddenly erupted from Song Yue's body. Following Song Yue's actions, Xiao Yan felt the specific location of Life and Death Eryi Spring from the light group!

"How could this guy share the location of the two springs of life and death?" Seeing this, Xiu Qi naturally felt the exact location of the two springs of life and death, but became confused.

Xiu Qi understood Song Yue quite well. Although this guy is a swordsman, he would not give away such a precious treasure.

"I saw that the guardians of Yiquan of Life and Death should not be so easy to deal with." Xiao Yan thought of something, and immediately spoke.

Because according to the hated old monster, this two Yiquan of life and death is occupied by the most powerful vicious old monster among the three monsters, and the vicious old monster has an excellent relationship with the beast, so this guardian is very likely to be very powerful.

"what happened?"

"When did Song Yue get so good?"

"Share the location of the two springs of life and death?"

"I said, why can't I find the location of the two Yiquan of life and death, it turns out to be here..." Some powerful disciples in the swamp area heard the words and muttered to themselves, and then passed on to Song Yue. Give them a place to go, obviously they want to try if they can defeat the guardian, so as to enter the spring of life and death.

"How could Song Yue release such precious news?" Lin Zhudai said with a slight smile on top of a big tree.

It is also strange to say that the jade feet of the people of the Poison Sect are not wearing shoes, only bare feet, and there are some silver bells at the ankles, which is quite strange.

"It seems that the guardians who guard the two Yiquan of life and death, even Song Yue and the others can't solve it, so now this news is released, in an attempt to let others open the way, their strength is enough to sit back and enjoy it." Wudu is Wei Wei Shaking his head, it was obvious that Song Yue's thoughts had already been guessed by him.

"Senior sister, what should we do now?" Lin Zhu was slightly puzzled.

"Go and have a look."

"I have a hunch that Xiao Yan and the others are also here, so let's meet them first." After Wu Po finished speaking, he turned his head slightly and walked towards the Spring of Life and Death.

"Do you want to cooperate with the people from Fenxiang Pavilion..." Lin Zhu naturally disagreed when she heard the words, but her senior sister insisted that Lin Zhu was not good at saying anything.

"Let's go." After the five poisons finished speaking, the **'s ankles exerted a slight force, and immediately went towards the Eryiquan of Life and Death.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With the exposure of the location of the Second Instrument of Life and Death, hundreds of strong men gradually moved away from its location At the same time, outside the Second Instrument of Life and Death in the swamp area, it was restless. up.

"Boom boom boom!" A deafening voice sounded in the swamp. No one knew what it was. The only thing that was known was that the place covered by the swamp was the entrance to the Second Instrument of Life and Death. Protected by famous monsters!

That magical beast inhabits the swampy area. No one has ever seen how sacred it is. However, the only thing that is certain is that the strength it displays may be comparable to the perfection level of the human seven-star Dou Emperor!

At this time, the magical beast was constantly rising and falling in the swamp area, and the swamp area also became bubbles due to the random stirring of the magical beast, and bursts of extremely foul smell emerged.

Under that swampy area, an old man with a steady face slowly opened his eyes, and an extremely tyrannical wave was born immediately. This powerful wave is a representative of the eight-star Dou Emperor level!

"I didn't expect that so many powerhouses would gather in the Spring of Life and Death. Moonlight Island hasn't been so lively for a long time." After the old man finished speaking, a sneer appeared in the corner of his mouth!

Obviously, this sneer was aimed at the strong man in the swamp area or something else, but beside the old man, a furry demon beast perched naively.

If Xiao Yan was here, then he would definitely find out that this old man is a vicious old monster!

Among the three monsters, the most powerful and vicious old monster!

Ask for a ticket, today's 5th update