Chapter Vol 4 1400: Shocking World War 1!

"Boom!" After Hun Qianmo's order, the huge body of the Blood Soul Guard forced Du Tianhong step by step. The fierce and terrifying aura actually caused blood ripples to appear in the sky.

Facing the fiery sea of ​​fire sinners and the blood and soul guards of Soul Qianmo, Duo Tianhong stood quietly in the sky, his silver armor and silver-gold cloak exuded tyrannical fluctuations, and the Lei Di scepter in his hand also burst out. shine brightly.

"Ronglei Cloak!"

"Fire Royal Armor!"

"And... Lei Di Scepter?" And the strong men below also easily subdued the other sinful accomplices, slowly watching the shocking battle in the sky, and couldn't help exclaiming.

The master of the forged knife Thunder Valley loves weapons alone, and has devoted his life to researching, casting and collecting weapons, and the three weapons on his body are enough to rank among the fifth-grade fairy weapons, in line with the strength of his own five-star fighting fairy , It is more than enough to deal with two strong men of the same level.

"Ronglei!" As the silver thunder around him became more and more dense, Du Tianhong suddenly hummed, and the silver-gold cloak behind him shook, and the tyrannical suction force couldn't help bursting out, overwhelming the sky and the earth. Thunder gathered directly towards the cloak.

"Crash!" After a few breaths, silver currents flowed around in the thunder-melting cloak, just like a natural defensive barrier.

"As expected of a fifth-grade immortal artifact..." When the other powerhouses saw this, they couldn't help but exclaimed.

The Melting Thunder Cloak can form the most perfect defense by absorbing the power of thunder, which is difficult for even the same level of power to crack.

As for the Royal Fire Armor, it is a tyrannical armor that can isolate most of the flame power, and after testing, Duo Tianhong was pleasantly surprised to find that the flame that the armor can isolate is even enough to isolate the fire of the heavens, but it is only suitable for Saints. Inflammation, I am afraid that the power will be greatly reduced.

"What the **** is this guy doing..." Hun Qianmo's controller pressed the Blood Soul Guard step by step. When he saw Du Tianhong's cloak suddenly absorbing the power of countless thunderbolts, he felt a sense of unease in his heart. This kind of defense , I am afraid that the blood soul guard is also difficult to crack.

"Huo Guizhi, you can't keep your hands!"

"Go all out!" At the next moment, as Du Tianhong's silver armor flickered strangely, Hun Qianmo suddenly felt the pressure greatly increased, and hurriedly shouted.

"The Baptism of Fire..."

"The power of heaven!"

"Rose flame!" A low shout sounded immediately, and the entire sky was suddenly completely replaced by a strange yellow flame!

The yellow flame just appeared, and suddenly in the sky of Leicheng tens of thousands of meters, it evolved into a round of yellow scorching sun, yellow flames, filled with earth-shattering breath.

"It's actually a great celestial seed... a rose flame." Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little fiery as he looked at the incomparably bright scorching sun above the sky.

Although the power of the big and small Heavenly Seeds is not as tyrannical as the Holy Flame, it is also a great increase for ordinary people.

"Take the blood as the lead, and the soul as the sacrifice!"

"Blood Soul Sky Blast!" Hun Qianmo didn't dare to neglect, he spoke slowly, his voice was full of unquestionable majesty, and then under the black mist, a drop of scarlet blood emerged and silently fell into In the body of the Blood Soul Guard.

"Boom!" Originally, the power of the Blood Soul Guard was extremely terrifying. After all, it was a soul creature formed by soul power. When it was so stimulated at this time, it immediately became angry, and an abnormally violent aura slowly emerged.

"If that's the case... let's take a single blow and solve it completely." Seeing this, Duo Tianhong also showed a rare smile on the corner of his mouth. Obviously, at his level, because he has too many things to consider, he can fight with an equal opponent. A great honor.

"Ronglei cloak, open!" A roar emerged, and the cloak behind him suddenly fell off, and then instantly formed a thousand-zhang-sized thunder silver mirror. In the silver mirror, densely packed thunder runes wriggled. This level of defense , obviously even the real Five-Star Fighting Immortal cannot be cracked.

"Fire Royal Armor!" Zaidu snorted coldly, and suddenly the silver armor on his body slowly burst out with bursts of mysterious runes, which abruptly wrapped his body completely. With this kind of protection, even if it is a fire crime Even with the power of the Great Heaven Seed, it cannot cause too much damage.

"Lei Di Scepter!"

"Thunder seed, barren!" A deafening voice, like an enraged emperor, fell vertically from the sky, causing the thunder and the energy of heaven and earth in the entire space to quiet down.

"Weng buzzing!" The voice just fell, and a trace of gray thunder suddenly slowly emerged from the depths of his body, and then under the eyes of everyone, it merged into the Thunder Emperor's scepter. With this fusion, Lei Emperor Quan Inside the stick, there seems to be some ancient pattern that spreads out.

"Big Heavenly Seed? Desolate?"

"It is said that this was a very sought-after treasure on the Eastern Continent back then, but unexpectedly it fell into Duo Tianhong's hands..."

"Next, I'm afraid it's time for a decisive victory..." The eight leaders nodded slowly and spoke solemnly. They knew that this battle would determine the fate of the entire Dongzhou!

"Hahaha!"

"The Overlord of Dongzhou really lives up to its reputation..."

"However, I want to see whether it is your power of thunder that is tyrannical, or whether our power is even better!" Hun Qianmo and Huo Sinzhi changed their expressions at the same time. The bomb-like Blood Soul Guard blasted away at Duan Tianhong.

There is no doubt that the attack power of the two should not be underestimated.

With the two unmatched tyrannical attacks, Duo Tianhong did not retreat, because he knew that if he retreated, the entire Thunder City would suffer. Such a terrifying attack could easily wipe out the entire Thunder City.

"Silence... Thunder Punishment!" Duo Tianhong's vindictive energy and soul power appeared in an instant, and then the Lei Di scepter in his hand suddenly swelled hundreds of times, with a gray color that punished all things in the world. Thunder beams, floating and appearing.

The gray thunder light beam just appeared, and suddenly the khaki scorching sun and the blood soul guard in the sky couldn't help but tremble.

"Blood Soul Guard!"

"Rui Yan!" Hun Qianmo and Huo Sin envoy shouted loudly, the aura in their bodies was suddenly pushed to the limit, and they attacked directly at Du Tianhong. They knew that Duo Tianhong was too strong at this time. Stop it, I am afraid that waiting for them is the end!

"Boom!" In an instant, a gray thunder beam scattered and cut through the space, and then completely collided with the flaming sun and the bomb-like Blood Soul Guard. The energy ripples that destroy all things are also spreading like tides.

The entire space suddenly became fragmented!

. Mobile version update fastest URL: