Chapter Vol 2 848: Treasure chest blocking the road

"It's the passage!" Seeing this, Gunny's pupils immediately flashed with a strange light.

This channel was obviously triggered by Meng Fei inadvertently just now.

"Go!" Seeing this passage open, everyone's heart sank, even with their strength, they can feel a strong breath from it, but they have come here, they will definitely not withdrawn.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, all the powerhouses rushed towards the inside, their eyes were quite hot, but Xiao Yan and Mu Feng were heading towards the door of the hall at this time.

"You feel it too?" Mu Feng said casually.

"This palace is too weird, I'm afraid there are dangers everywhere, and there seems to be some extremely evil aura."

"Those breaths, even I am quite afraid." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"What the **** is going on with this Fairy Moon." Mu Feng was also surprised by the mysterious atmosphere in the palace.

"Wow!" The two of Xiao Yan didn't stay too long. After all, they wasted too much time. I was afraid that the inheritance would be acquired by others, so they just gently pushed open the palace gate.

"It's Xiao Yan!"

"They're out!"

"They're not dead!"

"The monsters in it should be resolved, everyone, go ahead." As Xiao Yan and the two just opened the gate of the palace, the overwhelming powerhouses rushed towards the palace frantically as if they were dying.

"Let's go with them." Xiao Yan and Mu Feng retreated directly, and then came to the place where Yueru and the others were.

"How is the situation?" Xiao Yan just came out, and Xiu Qi said immediately.

After all, this palace is related to the place of inheritance, so it should not be sloppy.

"The contents inside have been resolved, now you can go in." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Let's go too." Yueru was overjoyed when she heard the words.

"Yueru, are you hiding anything from me?" However, Xiao Yan asked strangely.

"It's alright, how could I hide something from you?" Yueru was startled when she heard the words, and then spoke slightly.

However, Yueru was still extremely shocked.

I do have the inheritance rune of Fairy Moon, but if I want to truly obtain Fairy Moon's inheritance, I will undoubtedly sacrifice some things. These things are only for Yue Ru, so Yue Ru does not plan to tell others, but herself. This little secret of Xiao Yan should have been noticed by Xiao Yan, which is why Xiao Yan asked him just now.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan shook his head, but out of intuition, he vaguely felt that Yueru seemed to be hiding something from herself, but if others didn't say it, it was not a waste of time.

After speaking, the group swept towards the palace.

As Xiao Yan and the others dealt with the mysterious elves, the entrance to the palace was quite easy.

And the passage into the palace was opened by Meng Fei, and the group came to the palace very easily.

"Song Yue?"

"Where did they stop with their strange expressions?" Xiao Yan and his group caught up with Song Yue and the others not long after, but Wu Po was the first to speak.

With the opening of the five poisons, what appeared in front of everyone was actually a rather mysterious scene.

After everyone just entered the purple crystal palace, they passed through a narrow passage, and then came to the sealed space. This sealed dragon card is not too big or small, and it is exactly the same as the outside, but the difference is that there is no dangerous atmosphere in this space. .

In front of everyone, an exit was clearly seen, but the exit was blocked by a tree stump, and above the tree stump, a splendid treasure slowly stood on it!

At this time, Song Yue, Feng Hong, and Gunny Bingshui's group's expressions were obviously wrong, and then everyone did not dare to speak.

"Tell me, how to solve this thing?" Gunny said first.

Through perception, Gunny knew that the contents of this treasure chest must be of great value, so he definitely didn't want to miss it easily.

"How to divide?"

"Open the division?" Bing Shui's eyes were wrinkled. To these people, the treasure box in front of them could be said to be.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's very simple, we've reached this stage, so let's each rely on their own strengths." Gunny laughed maliciously.

Guni, Qi Haoqing and Wang Xie, the strength of the three should not be underestimated, so the three have absolute confidence.

"That's offended!" Hua Lexin frowned when he heard the words, and then the puppet appeared behind him, trying to fight.

"This puppet is so weird." When Xiao Yan first noticed Hua Lexin's puppet, he realized that this guy's puppet was extremely complicated.

Normally, a puppet is like Xiao Yan, an attackable corpse that was refined through a special method.

But the puppets of Hua Lexin and their puppet mansion are not.

In other words, the puppets of the puppet palace can be said to be puppets!

Through some special means to control the puppet attack, in order to achieve the purpose of killing people!

"What a terrifying puppet." Seeing this, the other strong men finished speaking, and they also smelled a dangerous aura from the puppet.

"Shoot!" At the next moment, many of the powerhouses present became vicious, and they attacked!

"Grab the treasure chest first!" I don't know who said, and then on the tree stump, the treasure chest and a key were exposed in front of everyone.

"This thing is mine!" A trace of fiery appeared in Gunny's cheeks, and then he directly stimulated the power of life, took a step forward, and was about to pick up the key, but was blocked.

"Don't you take me too seriously?" The next moment a group of flames attacked Gunny directly, and immediately let Gunny's outstretched palm retract.

"Dangu Mengfei." Gunny said viciously, and then said to the two behind him without hesitation.

"Go ahead, the contents of the treasure box are divided equally among the three of us!" As soon as the words fell, a monstrous battle broke out here.

"Strange, there seem to be familiar fluctuations in this treasure chest." Xiao Yan did not step into the battle circle, but whispered outside.

I don't know why, this locked treasure box seems to reveal an extremely mysterious aura invisibly, and that aura is related to Xiao Yan's spiritual power, that's why Xiao Yan feels this way.

"What?" Mu Yingying felt Xiao Yan's doubts and asked immediately.

"There should be some good things in the treasure chest. We will act as soon as possible." Xiao Yan said softly, and then stopped talking.

"Boom boom boom!" In the narrow space at this time, Meng Fei, Song Yue, Feng Hong, and Guni, plus some powerhouses who had reached the level of the Seven-Star Dou Di, all fought hard for the sake of the person in front of him. Full of mysterious treasure chests.

"This old **** has such deep strength." Facing Meng Fei's repeated obstructions, Gunny couldn't help but feel a little resentful in his heart.

"The strength of this Solomon's Gunny is also not to be underestimated." Facing Gunny's repeated attempts to stop his attacks, Meng Fei's eyebrows were also slightly wrinkled.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the war broke out!