Chapter Vol 4 2209: The third battle, the power of Xiao Yi!

"Who won?"

The atmosphere in the entire elf shrine was extremely depressing. In the blink of an eye, the battle in the shrine's enchantment had a clear winner and loser, and some strong elves could not help speaking out.

"Pfft!"

The violent energy gathered into countless dark smoke, which spread from the center of the battle, blocking everyone's sight and perception, but the energy contained in it caused some weaker people to succumb to vindictiveness.

"Whoa!"

When Alice and Xiao Yi saw this, they moved out one step at a time, and then one of them caught a dying man who was quickly retreating.

The two are naturally the two in the second battle.

"Gulu... It's actually a draw?"

"Both losers?"

Looking at the two embarrassed elves, the minds of countless figures buzzed!

"Elder Ma, you did a great job, thank you very much."

Xiao Yi's eyes flickered, and she could see that Ma Wen almost used all his strengths to achieve such a scene, and if it weren't for Ma Wen's hard work, Diff's opponent would be himself.

"My lord, it's a pity that your subordinates could almost defeat him."

Although there are many scars on his body, covered by dozens of large and small flaming sword scars, the shocking scars did not give him any sense of fear and pain, on the contrary, there was still a strong fighting intent in Ma Wen's voice.

"Lao Ma, you have done a good job, leave it to us next."

After Xiao Yi finished speaking, she took Ma Lao back to the center of the altar to recuperate at ease.

"His Royal Highness, this guy forced the source at the last moment, and I was defeated. Otherwise, I would definitely be able to deal with him and stop the remaining two for Her Royal Highness..."

Diff looked at the elegant figure of Alice beside him, and couldn't help groaning.

At this time, Alice raised one hand gracefully, forming an energy tray to drag Dive's disorganized body. It seemed that no matter what Div did, she would keep the distance between the two, lest the latter's messy costume would destroy it. own nobility.

"If you lose, you lose. Why do you need so many excuses?"

"Leave the rest to me, I will take back the glory that belongs to me, let's go."

"Pfft!"

Alice waved her hand lightly, and sent Diff back to the center of the altar at will, with her slender jade hand encircling her chest, her long eyelashes swept slightly over the positions of Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan, and the implication was very obvious.

"Second brother, I'll go too."

Xiao Yi nodded at Xiao Yan, and immediately stepped out of the void and left.

"Go, let me see how you have changed over the years."

Xiao Yan smiled leisurely.

"Haha, Young Master Yi, I haven't seen you for a few years, and your strength has reached the eight-star Douxian Consummation. It's really embarrassing."

Looking at Xiao Yi's arrival, Alice showed her teeth and opened her mouth softly, but everyone could hear how provocative it was.

"Hmph, I've heard for a long time that Princess Alice is unparalleled in force in the world. I'm fortunate to have a moment today, and I hope the princess will give me some advice!"

Xiao Yi's body was lifted into the air, and her beautiful face also maintained a rebellious look, her eyes were lightly watching Alice.

"I knew that you would become such a big scourge. When you first came to this space, you should have been strangled."

"It's really a mistake to let you grow up for so many years."

"But now that there are no many rules and regulations of the elf race, it is a good choice to use this elf altar as your burial place."

Princess Alice's jade hand raised to cover her rosy lips, with a lazy look, a trace of extremely cold killing intent, entwined out!

"Since that's the case... then let me see the true power of Princess Alice!"

Xiao Yi snorted coldly, and a rare trace of violence emerged from the depths of her eyes.

"If you're ready, let's start!"

Second Elder Ma Lin urged.

"I'll leave you with a whole corpse for a while, so that your brother can collect the corpse for you."

Alice's beautiful face was covered with a seductive smile, and her beautiful eyes were filled with an icy coldness. After today, the three major tribes will be completely disintegrated, and Alice is the next king of the Fire Elf clan. !

No matter how talented Xiao Yi is, no matter how virtuous and dignified Qianqin is, today I will step on them completely and let them become stepping stones on my way to success!

"Crash!"

When Xiao Yi heard this, she shrugged undeniably, and immediately the surging purple flame energy in her body rose into the sky.

The purple flame just appeared in the altar's enchantment, and the Yaoji statue in the center was slightly touched, as if there was some kind of mysterious connection between the two.

"Have you touched Samsara... Little Yi Gongzi is really tyrannical."

Alice stepped horizontally, and on the light blue dress, stripes of brown flame patterns flickered, and even the light blue crystal above the jade neck showed a rare power.

"The strength of these two should not be underestimated. I hope Xiao Yi can win."

Xiao Yan kept his eyes on the arena. He naturally ignored the rules of the fire elf competition. It was good for Xiao Yi to win, but if anything went wrong, he would be the first to do it without hesitation!

"Fire Spirit Palm!"

The purple fire rose above Xiao Yi's body, and the whole person flashed like a ghost in the altar's enchantment. On the palm of his hand, there was a purple palm print with a size of 100 meters, with extremely fierce and terrifying fluctuations, and he did not hesitate to shoot at it. The point of Alice!

There is no mercy in the shot, once it is shot, it is in the category of immortality!

"Nice power."

Xiao Yi's seemingly terrifying speed was self-defeating in Alice's eyes. Immediately, her beautiful eyes closed slightly, and the crystals on the jade neck flickered. She immediately stretched out her Qionghua finger and pointed at the void behind her.

At the same time, the boundless breath of reincarnation turned into butterfly shadows dancing gracefully in this enchantment rumbling! "

Xiao Yi was extremely fast, even splitting out many phantoms in the enchantment, and there were terrifying attacks on her palms, but she didn't wait for Xiao Yi to tilt her attack on Alice, Alice pointed out, All of Xiao Yi's phantoms were instantly smashed, and the slender Qionghua fingers touched the palm of Xiao Yi's palm, and the tingling sensation was slowly transmitted.

"Whoa!"

At this moment, when her attack was blocked, Xiao Yi only felt a numbness from her slender Qionghua fingers, her entire arm seemed to be frozen, and she was not under her control at all.

"Pfft!"

Butterfly shadows swept away, the void around Xiao Yi buzzed, and there were extremely rare tiny cracks in her figure, looming.

"The Reincarnation Seal in your body has not yet been controlled. Just the power of the present is as ridiculous as an ant to me."

"Use all your strength, otherwise you won't have any chance."

She casually took Xiaoyi's probing attack, and immediately Alice raised her head and opened her eyes, as if the emperor of heaven was looking down at an ant. That kind of coercion directly hit Xiao Yi's soul, making people shudder!

This is the power of reincarnation, the terrifying aura of the royal family of fire elves!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: