Chapter 533: Fight the Gorefiend!

"Arrogant!" The scarlet evil figure said angrily.

"Look at the trick!" Xiao Yan's figure rioted, and he didn't talk nonsense with this evil force!

Xiao Yan gathered a huge amount of flame power in the palm of his hand, and then slapped away the evil power that was so close at hand!

"Bang bang bang!" A series of voices came from the evil force, Xiao Yan's palm correctly hit the evil force's body, but the strange thing was that the flame in his hand was strangely extinguished, as if he had encountered what's normal...

It seems that what he hit was not the body... but a pool of liquid!

"Susu... Your flame seems a bit strange..."

"But this blood demon will devour the two of you today!"

"Snake Punishment, do you think you can do whatever you want by finding a human with the strength of the five-star Dou Di in the early stage?"

"Then you are wrong!"

"Susu!" A terrifying and sinister voice suddenly came out of the Gorefiend's mouth.

Although it was found that the flames attacked by Xiao Yan were different from ordinary flames, the Gorefiends didn't care too much. After all, among all the flames, the only one that had a deadly threat to their extraterritorial evil race was the Holy Flame.

"Retire!" Xiao Yan realized that things might not be as simple as he thought, and arrived immediately.

As soon as he finished speaking, the palm of his hand was directly detached from the Gorefiend's body, two meters away from the Gorefiend, silently watching his every move!

As for the snake torture, when the Gorefiend was forced out of the body, it was surrounded by terrifying forces, because the snake torture clearly knew the horror of the Gorefiend. In the body, I am afraid it is powerless to return to the sky!

"Blood Demon General?" The next moment, Long Yi in the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan sounded like an arrow in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Elder Long..." Xiao Yan said in confusion.

"It seems to be certain now that this desert mountain range was definitely invaded by foreign evil races, otherwise, there would not be so much evil power." Long Yi's voice showed a trace of concern.

"Extraterritorial evil race?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this!

This extraterritorial evil race is an existence that no one knows about in the world!

Everyone is ruthless to them!

"Every place where the evil tribes invaded is a place with extremely special power or some wonders of the world. I don't know whose seated place is here, but it has been invaded so seriously." Long Yi said slowly, There was a rare heaviness in the voice.

Obviously, with Long Yi's strength, he is still somewhat afraid of the evil races outside the realm.

"That being said, there may be something strange here." Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart sank slightly, and then he said.

Ever since he came to the lonely desert of death, Xiao Yan has vaguely felt a trace of unease in the strange fire in his body. When he came to this desert mountain range, the restlessness was even more terrifying!

"Although I don't know what secrets there are here, but all the places that are eroded by the evil tribes from outside the territory are all living beings..." Long Yi couldn't help but speak, even if it was used as the pride of the dragon tribe, it would not be acceptable to the evil tribes outside the territory. Don't lower your head, after all, this extraterritorial evil race is the nemesis of the entire Great Thousand World.

"Yep."

"Elder Long, let's solve this thing in front of us first."

"As it just said, it should be a blood demon general. According to my guess, I am afraid that its strength will not be lower than that of our human seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. In addition to the extremely evil power on his body, I am afraid that the eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse will not be inferior to us. They all have the power to fight!" Xiao Yan said slightly, always vigilant.

"Gore demon general... This is also some branch of the alien race."

"The strength of the Gorefiend in front of him should be at the ground level among the foreign evil races," Long Yi said.

"Earth level?" Xiao Yan was suddenly shocked!

The extraterritorial evil clan also has the division of strength, which can be basically summarized into five levels: heaven, earth, respect, emperor, and king.

"Hehe, boy, although there are also power divisions for the evil races outside the realm, they can basically be summarized into five levels: heaven, earth, respect, emperor, and king."

"But there is one thing I have to tell you, after all, there is too little information about the aliens. All the powerhouses related to the aliens are bound by the aliens, but I always feel that the strength of the aliens It's not just these five levels on the surface..."

"Otherwise, how could it be possible that a mere prefecture-level foreign evil clan would have a strength comparable to that of a human eight-star Dou Di... If this is the case, I am afraid that the foreign evil clan would have already dominated the world." Long Yi seemed to see it. Xiao Yan's guess, Wei Wei said.

"Susu..."

"Humans, take your life!" Just as Xiao Yan hesitated, the Gorefiend was suddenly filled with a strange black energy, and then his body suddenly took a step forward and opened his mouth abruptly.

As soon as the voice fell, a huge black gas suddenly covered the body of the Gorefiend like a thick liquid, and a stench came out.

"Damn, this extraterritorial evil clan really deserves its reputation..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan suddenly drank, and immediately understood the tyranny of this blood demon general.

"Use the Soul Eater Talisman, otherwise this Gorefiend will not be something you can deal with now." Just when Xiao Yan had a strange thought in his heart, Long Yi spoke directly, obviously Long Yi was also afraid of what happened to Xiao Yan. Accidents, so the road.

Otherwise, if this Xiao Yan is doing some thrilling things, when the Golden Dragon King comes out in the future, the first person who cannot spare it is Long Yi.

"Oh, okay." Xiao Yan said helplessly when Long Yi saw through his thoughts.

"I know your intentions, but this is a foreign evil clan can't make any jokes, so..." Long Yi opened his mouth, just now Xiao Yan's idea was to rely on his own strength to try What is the strength of this Gorefiend general? After all, Xiao Yan has hardly encountered any foreign evil clan.

"Extraterritorial evil races are extremely evil by nature. They will continue to devour people's minds and souls to assimilate into their compatriots, so there can be no mistakes, otherwise it will be doomed." Long Yi said solemnly, obviously this is not to Xiao Yan. The reason for fighting alone.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words.

"However, no matter how this alien clan jumps, it can't compare to the Soul Eater Talisman in your hand. After all, this thing is much more tyrannical than the alien clan," Long Yi said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This Soul Eater Talisman is also weird. When I first got it in the Infernal Corpse Forest, I ignored it, but now I meet this alien race, and I'm suddenly so interested in this evil power." Xiao Yan said indifferently. solution.

"Maybe this is the fate of such a strange thing, and I seem to feel that this Soul Eater may be injured..." Long Yi said.

"Forget it, anyway, I can't fully use this Soul Eater Talisman now. I'd better deal with the Gorefiend in front of me." and the Gorefiend in front of him will stalemate!

"Human, you can't fail..." Snake Punishment on the side gritted his teeth slightly, then slowly looked at Xiao Yan, a battle was about to start.

Ask for tickets!