Chapter Vol 4 1192: Ice and Fire Island = wicked prison?

"What's wrong with you?" Yu Yifeng asked without changing his expression, looking at the fear that appeared in the old man's heart.

Just after Xiao Yan and Shui Yue left, even if Yu Yifeng pressed him about something, the old man didn't reveal anything, which made Yu Yifeng doubtful, but he didn't expose him immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How could it be a soul body..."

"Our deserted village obviously didn't do anything to hurt the world, how could it be here..." The old man seemed to be extremely distressed and shouted with his head covered.

"Shuiyue, appease him!" When Yu Yifeng saw this, he said directly, if he let it go on like this, I'm afraid this old man would die instantly because he couldn't bear the blow.

"Okay." Shuiyue heard the words, and a gentle wave of water slowly surrounded the old man, just now she was about to slowly stabilize his mood.

"Old man, what's wrong with you?" Xiao Yan stepped forward and asked tentatively.

"It's them!"

"It must be them!"

"They came back for revenge!" Enveloped by the soft water waves of Shuiyue, his mood instantly stabilized, but there was a hurried voice coming out of his mouth.

"They?" When the old man said this, the whole group couldn't help but look at each other.

"Calm me down!" Shuiyue was also at a loss, and immediately increased the surrounding of water waves, instantly comforting the old man.

"Are you alright?" As Shuiyue increased her strength, the old man suddenly calmed down. After a while, Xiao Yan opened his mouth and said.

"Oh, they're all dead." Seeing that in this village, thousands of villagers all fell to the hands of the original mysterious man, the old village chief couldn't help but look melancholy.

"Old man, what's going on?" Yu Yifeng asked after the old man stabilized.

"You are also heading to Ice and Fire Island, right?" The old man seemed to see everyone's thoughts and said immediately.

"One thing, but we are not the same as these guys." Yu Yifeng heard the words, and did not deny it, he said directly.

"Island of Fire and Ice..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan secretly wrote down the name in his heart, but he didn't know why, every time he chanted this name, the mysterious power surrounding the clan lines on his forehead spread out. Hot stock volatility.

"Ice and Fire Island... Ten Temple Yama."

"They should be old rivals."

"But this Fire and Ice Island is quite dangerous. Why are these people going?"

"The danger of Icefire Island, even if it is a four-star Fighting Immortal, there will be no return." The Lord of Soul Eater whispered softly.

"Since you are going to Icefire Island, do you know what Icefire Island is?" After a while, the old man changed his weakness and said to Yu Yifeng.

"..." When everyone heard the words, they were indifferent at that time. Obviously, they knew very little information about Ice and Fire Island.

"Ice and Fire Island, that is a very special island above our Eastern Continent." The old man spoke slowly, as if he was telling a story.

"The location of Icefire Island is extremely mysterious. I am afraid that in the entire Eastern Continent, there are only three people who know it."

"And it is said that the location of Ice and Fire Island is not on land, but in a special void."

"Ice Fire Island is surrounded by hot flames and bone-deep ice. If you find a place and want to enter it, then the ice fire will undoubtedly be the first test. The Ice Fire Island is a combination of an active volcano and a ten thousand year ice cellar. The entire Ice Fire Island is roughly divided into two parts. Ten floors, and every floor is imprisoned with heinous villains."

"Those wicked people have tainted tens of thousands of lives in their hands."

"That's why Ice and Fire Island is also called by outsiders a purgatory for imprisoning the wicked." The old man said as if he remembered some rather bad memories.

"Ice and Fire Island?"

"Ten-level prison?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was covered with black lines. It was hard to believe that the destination of these people was Icefire Island, but Icefire Island was a prison. Could it be that these people were there to save people?

"In Ice and Fire Island, there are guardians on each floor. After defeating the guardians, it is possible to come into contact with the imprisoned villains, and it is also possible to obtain a lot of gold and silver treasures, but there are island guardians on the Ice and Fire Island. It has been guarded for generations, so few people can save these villains."

"And the souls who just attacked my village, although I don't know their specific forces, but they are quite passionate about the prisoners in the Ice and Fire Island, as if they want to rescue someone." The old man continued.

"I think your aura is very strong, but if you want to rely on this strength to go to Icefire Island, I still advise you to give up, otherwise you will have no return." The old man's voice was very solemn, obviously for Xiao Yan and his party. man's warning.

"These, we all know."

"We went to Ice and Fire Island because we were entrusted by others. As for whether or not things can be successful, it depends on luck." Yu Yifeng said with a slight smile after hearing this.

"Where is Icefire Island?" After a while, Yu Yifeng spoke up.

"Where is Icefire Island now?" Shuiyue asked.

"Ice and Fire Island can move."

"I'm afraid that in a month, its exit will temporarily appear, and the entrance to that appearance is probably in Shawu Village not far from our deserted village." The old man said.

"Boss, this guy..." Shuiyue asked after hearing the words, unable to make up her mind for a while.

"He's right." Yu Yifeng heard the words and slowly looked into the distance.

They had indeed entered the Ice and Fire Island by chance It's just that just dealing with the guardians of the tenth floor made them almost annihilated, and the ground dragon blood crystal was also there. obtained therein.

After defeating the 10th floor guardian, getting the dragon blood crystals and some treasures, they are heading towards the 9th floor, but where they are, they have suffered heavy losses, which is enough if it wasn't for Jade Legacy's ability to press the bottom of the box , I'm afraid they will all die where!

They don't know the specific appearance of the guardian of the ninth floor. The only thing that is certain is that the guardian of the ninth floor is a creature who is good at using soul power to attack. This is why they took out the dragon blood crystal. Go to the auction to find out why the alchemist went.

And the reason for all of this is that it started with a commission.

The Eagle Eye Squad was originally intended to serve their Jade Family, and it was quite famous on Dongzhou, but for some unknown reason, it was paid attention to by a big man, and thus a commission was placed.

This commission carries the energy fluctuations of the supreme masters of the ghost world. If they don't handle it well, let alone their team, I am afraid that the strength behind them will also be instantly wiped out.

This is why they are so anxious.

And this entrusted task is to rescue a certain figure imprisoned in the Ice and Fire Island!

It's just that although they knew who they were going to rescue, they didn't know much about Icefire Island, so they couldn't be sure which floor that person was on, so they could only explore layer by layer.

This is why they found Xiao Yan. According to their guess, this person is on the ninth or eighth floor at most!