Chapter Vol 4 1446: The lord of 3 planes!

The Four Continents Competition was held in Tianming Mountain Villa, so many strong people came from all over the four continents one after another, and there was still a month before the official start, so many forces that had already arrived in Sifang City were also quietly resting and cultivating Waiting for the competition to come.

At the same time, in the far away place, the supreme place that is connected to Yinhuntian and manages Yinhuntian, somewhere in Lihun Realm, a rather peculiar thing happened.

"Is that guy Chen Mo here?"

"It was clearly this guy who called us... but he didn't show up... this guy!" In a rather beautiful quaint hut, two figures stood slowly, and one of them was a man with a dark and uncertain face. There was a violent and **** aura, and then he slowly asked another person.

At this time, in this quaint hut, the figures of the two slowly appeared, appearing to be somewhat monotonous.

The two, a man and a woman, were both haunted by a layer of dark ghosts and could not distinguish their specific outlines, but the man was full of eerie ghosts, and even the woman was the same, their identities , obviously not human.

"Yinhuntian has a special terrain, and it makes sense for Chen Mo to come later... After all, this guy is used to idle clouds and wild cranes." Suddenly, the woman slowly got up and said something.

"Crash!" After a while, as the woman's voice just fell, a strange space crevice wriggled next to the wooden table, and a petite figure emerged from it.

"Dust ink!"

"Pay attention to your image, you are the master of the plane of Yinhuntian!" The Yinqing man couldn't help but look weird when he saw the child, exclaimed.

"Black Corpse King, when did you become so violent?" The child said casually, not taking the violent voice to heart at all.

The child's clear pupils were filled with a light spirit, and his body was as vast as the righteousness of heaven and earth, which was completely different from the two who were haunted by ghosts.

"Since everyone is here, let's start the three of us." The uncertain man ignored the child's words and said resentfully.

"The two of you... are still so fiery, really..." The child smiled, showing a row of neat teeth.

"Humph!"

"Chen Mo, you are cheap and good at being cheap!"

"If you didn't control the fertile land of Yinhuntian, how could you have such strength." The black corpse king said coldly, and the ghost energy on his body was even more intense, like a volcano that could erupt at any time.

"Yinhuntian is different from your other planes. It accommodates too many foreign populations, so as the master of the plane, I have enough responsibility to protect it."

"If someone wants to take it from me, or move it in the slightest, don't blame me for being ruthless!"

"Weng Om!" As soon as the voice fell, a terrifying wind burst out from the child's body. In the inconspicuous wind, there was enough to obliterate the five-star fighting immortal powerhouse. Xeon volatility.

"The strength of this guy... is really getting stronger and stronger." Seeing such a tyrannical coercion of the child, the Black Corpse King couldn't help but be vigilant.

"This guy's practice is quite strange. It is said that he is constantly reborn and constantly looking for the host to parasitize... But most of the people he parasitized are dying, but it is quite good." The woman nodded slowly, then smiled, She looked at the child like a loving woman.

The three people present are the masters of the three planes under the Ghost Realm Li Soul Territory. They are all powerful people who control one side. Now they are gathered together to discuss the supply of fresh blood for Li Soul Territory. thing.

After all, Li Soul Territory is their core area, and under the rule of Li Soul Territory, they naturally have to send fresh blood to Li Soul Territory.

The three of them are, the Lord of the Yin Soul Heavenly Plane, Chen Mo.

As a very special plane under Li Soul Territory, Yinhuntian is a genuine superior plane with a vast territory. Unfortunately, after the war between heaven and earth, countless human beings also flocked to Yinhuntian to settle down, so this is Lihun Territory. The most contentious place.

After all, most of the ghosts are the body of the soul, and they like to **** the blood of human beings, so the situation of the ghost day is in danger.

However, no matter how tyrannical the oppression was, it was suppressed by Chen Mo alone, for nothing else, because this Chen Mo was also a human being.

The Lord of the Black Corpse Plane, the Black Corpse King.

The Black Corpse Room is also a high-level plane under the management of Li Hunyu, but all of them are bloodthirsty souls. They are thirsty for war and blood, and they are even more eager for the countless huge human beings in Yinhuntian. .

Because the entrances and exits of the ghost realm and the human realm are sealed, they want to **** the blood of human beings, and only Yinhuntian can do it.

The three-faced ghost, the master of the Guiyuanling plane!

Guiyuan Ridge is also an upper-level plane under Li Soul Domain. The creatures here are also lonely and wild ghosts, but they are quite easy-going, and under the mysterious rule of the three-sided ghost, the creatures here are unexpected. Unity.

"let's start."

"This time, to deliver fresh blood to Li Hunyu, it will be screened from our three planes, but the number of places is pitiful, and this time you are summoned to understand how you are doing about this matter." , the child sat directly beside the wooden table, and then spoke softly.

Even if the black corpse king is eager for the ghost day, the black corpse king does not dare to be presumptuous. One of the big reasons is that this dust ink seems to have some kind of indescribable relationship with the master of the soul, not to mention Chen Mo's strength is even more tyrannical than himself.

"We Guiyuanling are already screening. Once the screening is completed, all outstanding creatures will be sent to Li Soul Domain for the Lord of Li Soul to choose."

"As for how many people can be selected, it depends on their respective fortunes." The three-faced ghost seemed not to care about this, and said slightly.

"In our black corpse room, we will hold a slaughter-based selection, and finally a slaughter king will be selected and sent to Li Soul Realm." The black corpse king said slowly.

"Our Yinhuntian will be based on the four continents competition to select outstanding disciples to join Lihunyu." The child thought for a while and slowly opened his mouth, but he seemed to remember that he had hundreds of I haven't gone back in years. If it wasn't for the owner of Tianming Villa who regularly reported the situation to himself, I'm afraid he would have forgotten that he was the master of the plane.

After all, the practice of his own cultivation is quite special. Only by constantly breaking away from the sea of ​​suffering, looking for the dying person, parasitizing his body, and fulfilling his wish, can he use the power of that subtle energy increase.

"I see... The Lord asked me to call you all for this, so go down and prepare well." Suddenly, the child's fairy tale fell and disappeared.

"Hey... Forget it..." The black corpse king looked at the figure of the child slowly disappearing, and the resentment in his heart slowly dissipated, not to mention that they are all masters of planes, just Chen Mo's superb strength , it is not something that I can handle, and Chen Mo is still the confidant of the Lord of Li Soul. If he impeaches Chen Mo rashly, it will make the Lord of Li Soul angry. At that time, the anger of the Lord of Li Soul will probably not be him. A little plane master can bear.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!