Chapter Vol 4 2218: Soul Burial, Requiem!

"Qiangqiang!"

The sound of Qingyin suddenly resounded from Princess Qianqin's body, and the restless energy in the entire barrier suddenly became quiet, even in this void covered by Xiao Yan's endless fire curtain, all the fire The curtain breath turned out to be slowly dissipating.

"Zi la la!"

In the rhythm, a melodious phoenix chanting sounded, and the monstrous brown flames swept out from the illusory phoenix body like a volcano. At the same time, the guqin in Princess Qianqin’s arms also emitted a very pleasant buzzing. song.

The phoenix shadow lingering in brown flames fluttered her wings at the moment when the guqin was fluctuating, and was entrenched on the top of Princess Qianqin's head. That kind of terrifying aura was really terrifying.

"Is this guqin also a tyrannical witchcraft..."

"But the fire of holy flame is not something that mere witchcraft can handle."

Xiao Yan's eyes rolled, without any fear, there was even a rare madness in the corner of his eyes!

"Four strings, emblem!"

Seeing Xiao Yan's calm situation, Princess Qianqin's jade finger suddenly slid over the strings, bringing a strong wind.

"Whoa!"

The sound of the four strings fell, and a touch of silver energy was injected into the phoenix shadow of the rhythm under the watchful eyes of everyone. The brown phoenix shadow hovering in the sky suddenly screamed up to the sky, the energy body of nearly a hundred feet materialized, and the brown wings behind him stretched violently. Countless brown flames swept out with bursts of crisp rhythm!

"Thunder, silence!"

Xiao Yan's whole body was surrounded by gray thunder, and he immediately glared at the phoenix phoenix who was sitting above Princess Qianqin's head. A rare thunder halo rapidly gathered in the center of his palm, like a black hole absorbing countless energies of heaven and earth, as well as the energy inside Xiao Yan's body. Dou Qi, a tyrannical breath that makes the scalp numb, quickly condenses!

"Wu Xian, Yu!"

"kill!"

Finally, Princess Qianqin looked at the extremely strange gray thunderbolt on Xiao Yan's body, and noticed a trace of anomaly. She nodded her head beautifully, and murderous intent swept out. As the phoenix shadow above her head roared, the power of lightness actually matched that of Guqin. The rhythms above merged, and the monstrous brown flames swept out like a falling galaxy, the phoenix phantom crawls down, countless silver rhythms and loud cries descend from the sky!

"The first transformation of the Dragon God Transformation!"

Seeing such a ferocious attack from the latter, Xiao Yan could only resist head-on, his voice fell, his whole body was churning with qi and blood, the veins on his arms burst out, and even a trace of cyan energy was covered, making Xiao Yan's skin full of energy. A blue cloudy air.

In the turbid blue air, there seems to be some kind of ancient power spreading out.

"Creak!"

"Thunder!"

After doing all this, Xiao Yan said with a sneer, his palm lifted immediately, and the gray thunder surging, like a demon that corrupts all things and robs life, that kind of thunder power shook this embarrassed space!

"Six Strings, Soul Burial Song!"

"Enjoy your exclusive funeral!"

Watching Xiao Yan's bizarre scene, Princess Qianqin's voice fell leisurely, her fingers slid over the strings of the guqin, countless sweet and crisp sounds accompanied by the phoenix phantom with violent sound waves, like a meteorite from the stars The sky fell into the mortal world and slammed into Xiao Yan viciously.

The moment the violent piano sound swept in, it turned out that Xiao Yan had a rare heart palpitation.

"Humph!"

However, Xiao Yan was not very human either. His toes were a little above the void, and he shot out with that terrifying thrust, producing countless piercing sounds along the way.

"Whoa!"

The seemingly terrifying violent sound wave and the phantom of the phoenix spread out in the enchantment at almost the same time, and no matter how tyrannical the two were, when they came into contact with the Saint Yan Kaiyi and the gray thunderbolt on Xiao Yan, there was no The conscripts drown.

It was like a moth flying into a fire, unable to cause any substantial damage to Xiao Yan at all!

"Look at me!"

Xiao Yan's eyes were cold, and he instantly appeared beside Princess Qianqin. On his palm, a thunderous heart made of countless gray thunderbolts beat violently. Immediately, without any hesitation, he slapped Princess Qianqin with his palm!

A palm was pushed out, the air was slightly condensed, and an energy wrapped in five-color flames roared away at Princess Qianqin. In the center of the five-color energy, there was a small gray light spot.

"It really does have some strength."

Seeing that Xiao Yan's grasp of the battle was so delicate, Princess Qianqin couldn't help shaking her head.

When Xiao Yan attacked, a rare worry flashed in Princess Qianqin's beautiful eyes. She obviously sensed the ferocity of the five-color flame energy and the terrifying destructive power of the Thunder Heart!

"Seven strings, Requiem!"

"Funeral for all of you!"

The high-pitched voice resounded, and Qianqin's hands quickly waved the strings of the guqin, and bursts of terrifying sound waves sounded like the sounds of heaven in the sky.

At this time, on the guqin, the whole body of silver halo shone, dazzling like a piercing scorching sun, not only forming a silver light shield around its body, but even countless irregular notes, slanting out, among them The terrifying sound wave fluctuations contained in it are chilling!

"Sound wave...soul attack?"

"But this kind of soul attack is still a little weaker than me!"

"You Mingtian is stunned!"

The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth was filled with madness, the spiritual palace in his body was surging, and countless soul powers spewed out like a fountain. The extremely strange chirping sound shook everyone's heartstrings!

"Boom!"

The two attacked and contacted, and the violent energy raged in the sky, followed by cracks, but neither of them felt good.

Princess Qianqin's strength is tyrannical But under the combined pressure of Xiao Yan Shengyan, Shengyan Kaiyi and Gray Thunder, her absolute strength is no longer a big threat.

"It's not enough..."

There was very obvious blood on the corner of his mouth, but Xiao Yan roared back.

"Requiem!!!"

Feeling the resistance of Xiao Yan's so many strengths, Princess Qianqin's body rolled with the power of reincarnation, and countless musical notes condensed into a silver arc in the void, slamming away at Xiao Yan's vital point with a thud!

"Lightning ball!"

"Give me silence!"

The sound fell, and the five-colored flames that whistled out instantly annihilated. One of them, a thunderball like the heart of a thunderbolt, flashed with a terrifying power that made the soul tremble, rising from the ground!

"Bang bang bang!"

The incomparably violent aura of the lightning ball and the countless sonic contacts made by Princess Qianqin's guqin, the humming sound of the air in the enchantment suddenly spread from the center of the battle, and some energy aftermath emerged from the center. Some of the small valleys on the upper... annihilated in an instant!

At this time, in the sacred altar barrier, the ground shook and the mountains were shaking, and the two forces clashed fiercely. Until this moment, none of the elven powerhouses present dared to underestimate Xiao Yan!

It seems that this human being's strength and combat are a bit tyrannical and outrageous! ! !

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: