Chapter Vol 4 1866: Immortal golden body is finally successful!

"Senior?" Looking at this smiling old man, Xiao Yan hurriedly got up with a single stride, standing upright, his eyes fiery and extremely respectful.

"Hehe, little guy, we are really destined." The Immortal Emperor grinned when he saw this, but there was an imperceptible gratification hidden under the smile. Obviously, he also recognized Xiao Yan.

"Immortal flame, is the swallowing successful?" After a while, the Immortal Emperor said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and a pale yellow flame suddenly burst out from Xiao Yan's fingertips, jumping around on Xiao Yan's arm like a mischievous elf, even because of the strange immortal power of Immortal Yan And the scorching high temperature, the void in front of Xiao Yan in the main hall was directly burned and a little distorted, and a trace of heat wave made Xiao Yan's vision blurred.

"Immortal flame, undead fire, they are the reproduction of the immortal realm."

"However... when the Master of Undying Fire and I fell, in order to prevent it from being acquired by evil races outside the territory, we stored it in another place for protection." Watching Xiao Yan's body jumping with immortal flames, the Immortal Emperor said softly. , he naturally knew what Xiao Yan was thinking.

"Crash!" In an instant, on Xiao Yan's other arm, the gray immortal fire burst out with dazzling power like immortal fire, and the two slowly attracted each other, as if they had something in common.

"Where is immortality and immortality?" Xiao Yan wondered. According to Xiao Yan's knowledge, if he controls immortality and immortality, he may be able to truly achieve the dream of immortality and immortality. Then...

"Immortal and immortal exists in a special void in the demon world." After Shunxi, the Immortal Emperor smiled.

"Demon world?"

"How could it be?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's expression changed slightly. The demon world is recognized as the second world in the vast world. Compared with the ghost world, it is undoubtedly much more tyrannical.

"The demon world is almost the second-ranked realm among the seven realms in addition to the human world, and because of the tyranny of the demon world, the evil races outside the realm have very little erosion of the demon world, so the previous owner of the Undying Fire and I decided to store the immortal and immortal in the As for the demon world, as for where it is in the demon world, I am afraid you need to explore it yourself."

"But this thing, the demon emperor of the demon world should know." The immortal emperor spoke slowly.

"..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel decadent when he heard the words, and as for the demon emperor of the demon world, Xiao Yan remembered that it seemed that he was jointly sealed by the powerhouses of the three realms?

In addition to the previous agreement between the strong man in the ghost world and the demon world, Xiao Yan's heart couldn't help but become heavy.

"Hey boy, immortality is not a child's play. You will understand it in the future, and the demon world is worth a visit. Whether it is a war between heaven and earth in the future, or for the demon emperor, the demon world is a rare helper."

"Now, let's fully accept this emperor's inheritance!"

"Immortal golden body!" With a cold snort, the body of the Immortal Emperor suddenly became illusory. Immediately, a faint yellow immortal power permeated the entire hall, and the Immortal Emperor's body instantly became majestic. He got up, like a giant golden body. On that body, countless golden flame patterns outlined it beautifully, and that kind of power was called immortality.

"Attack me with all your strength." The immortal emperor's body swelled, and the immortal golden body of several hundred meters turned him into a dazzling golden giant, as if there was no attack to crack, the real giant of the sky!

"Okay!"

"Three punches of good fortune!"

"Four fingers in the sky!" Above Xiao Yan's body, four finger lights and three fist shadows, with a whistling wind, swept the entire immortal hall. In the middle stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals, this kind of attack, that kind of attack strength , no doubt too tyrannical too much.

"Dangdangdang!" But what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that after hitting the Immortal Gold with such a tyrannical attack, it was like hitting a stone with an egg. When all power touches the immortal golden body, it will be completely dissolved by it.

"Hoohoo."

"Immortal golden body is not the original technique of holy flame, it is just what I learned from immortal flame. Remember, the limit of immortal golden body depends on your own physical strength."

"My strength in the past was only the peak of Dou Di, but I have been able to use the Immortal Golden Body to take on any attack from the three-star Dou Xian and below... How much power the Immortal Golden Body and Immortal Flame can exert in the future is up to you. ."

"My great thousand world has a descendant like you, and I can rest my eyes when I wait."

"Accept my last inheritance!" The immortal emperor's deep voice of thunder exploded in the hall, and Xiao Yan's body suddenly shook, and he sat quietly, quietly preparing to accept the last power of these strong men.

"Puchi puchi!" As soon as the voice fell, a pale yellow flame appeared on the Immortal Emperor's body, and immediately with a touch of relief, he slammed into Xiao Yan's body.

"Boom!" A burst of pale yellow flame ripples swept through every inch of Xiao Yan's body. These powers are of the same origin as Immortal Flame, but they are stronger than Immortal Flame.

That is the last soul power of the Immortal Emperor.

"Sisi!" Xiao Yan endured the inhuman torture until these powers slowly flowed into Xiao Yan's body. In Xiao Yan's battle qi sea, a weak golden giant gently held the holy flame crystal of Immortal Flame, Immediately, a pale yellow flame appeared in Xiao Yan's pupils.

"Immortal...golden body!" After the breath Xiao Yan took a deep breath, and the dazzling power tilted out like a tide.

"Boom!" With a loud voice, countless pale yellow forces burst out from Xiao Yan's body uncontrollably, and immediately wrapped every inch of Xiao Yan's body. In the blink of an eye, a golden giant centered on Xiao Yan. , slowly appeared in the hall.

"Immortal golden body is really a good thing. Now with this thing, I am afraid that there is no problem facing some ordinary Seven Star Fighting Immortals." Xiao Yan squinted slightly, feeling the golden giant of the size of 100 meters around him, the corners of his mouth appeared With a touch of relief, with the existence of some things, I am afraid that in the future, I will also be able to integrate Saint Flame to be safe.

"Respectfully send the seniors!" After absorbing this power perfectly, there was a scream in the hall, and the golden energy ripples shattered slightly. Obviously, the great power of the Immortal Emperor is also slowly disappearing.

"By the way, I haven't purifying the cultivation technique, burning Jue, and enhancing my power... I hope I can break through the seven stars." Xiao Yan heard that, being protected by the golden giant, a sense of immortality permeated, and immediately the burning Jue in the body was running at a high speed, Continue to devour the power of immortal flames.

At the same time, Xiao Yan's power was slowly increasing, and even that Fen Jue was slowly purifying.