Chapter 626: Transcend Tribulation, Tribulation Spirit!

Just after Sheng Yanjing started, circles of azure-blue sacred flame power continued to radiate from it, and then the entire body of Mu Yingying was wrapped tightly.

"Come on!" Mu Yingying let out a coquettish cry, her body was covered in flames, like a flame queen, she smiled lightly at the eight-color thundercloud above the sky.

"Boom boom boom!" The eight-color thundercloud above the sky seemed to be provoked by Mu Yingying. Immediately in the middle of the eight-color thundercloud, a terrifying thunderbolt containing eight colors was born in an instant, and the eight-color thunderbolt flashed with strange power. , descended like a world-annihilation, and immediately rushed towards Mu Yingying below with the momentum of a broken bamboo!

"Humph!" Mu Yingying did not hesitate in the face of the eight-color thunder tribulation, because she knew that this was just the beginning.

Immediately, Mu Yingyingyu raised her hand slightly, and the holy flame crystal in her hand slowly raised, directly facing the eight-color thunder robbery that came to her!

"Boom boom boom!" The eight-color thunder robbery had just come five feet away from Mu Yingying, but it actually stopped, as if it was suppressed by some terror.

Then the next moment, the holy flame crystal in Mu Yingying's hand burst into a dazzling blue flame, instantly swallowing up the eight-color thunder tribulation!

"This Mu Yingying's control of Sheng Yan is too terrifying." Xiao Yan, who was beside him, hurriedly retreated some distance, and then kept saying.

Although it was just a fight just now, but with Xiao Yan's hot eyes as a pharmacist, it was naturally not difficult to see the means that Mu Yingying used.

Just now, Mu Yingying focused on the holy flame crystal, and injected the breath of her whole body into it, and at the moment of the eight-color thunder tribulation attack, she released the power of holy flame, so as to achieve the point where the thunder tribulation could not be attacked and self-destructed. .

Even Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling ashamed of the flame technique released at that moment. This required a huge amount of soul power to do it.

"Boom boom boom!" It seemed that he was provoked, and it seemed that the eight-color thundercloud underestimated Mu Yingying. The eight-color thundercloud shook violently, and a wave of destruction was slowly born.

"Shabu Shabu!" At the next moment, three huge pillars of lightning burst out from the eight-color thundercloud, and they struck down suddenly from the thundercloud!

"Although this thunder calamity is terrifying, it is fortunate that I have holy flames. If things go on like this, the eight-color thunder cloud is no big deal. I can't say that there is still this golden liquid left." Mu Yingying said softly. The terrifying power contained in it was not too difficult for Mu Yingying who possessed holy flame, even if the holy flame in Mu Yingying's body was in a sealed state.

"Sisi!" Eight-color Leiyun seemed to have some doubts when he saw that his attack was easily resolved by this woman at one time.

In the past, it was so terrifying. Human beings had to avoid the thunder tribulation that they had to avoid. How come it was in the hands of this woman today, but it was as deadly as a family.

"Woo hoo!" The eight-color thundercloud was provoked, and then it shook violently and spun. In a short moment, a huge figure slowly floated out of the rapidly rotating eight-color thundercloud.

"Is the robbery spirit condensed from the eight-color thunder robbery..." Xinyan stared at the looming huge creature above the sky, and a cold air filled her heart!

"Jie Ling?" Xiao Yan muttered in a low voice.

"The so-called robbery spirit means that when a seven-color thundercloud is triggered during the tribulation, there will be a chance to be born at that time."

"The shape of this robbery spirit is ever-changing, but without exception, this robbery spirit carries extremely terrifying power."

"This robbery spirit is more terrifying than the thunder calamity caused by the eight-color thundercloud just now!" Xinyan said slowly.

"Shabu!" The next moment, the eight-color thundercloud above the sky disappeared instantly, and a huge creature quietly crawled out from the place where the thundercloud disappeared!

From a distance, the robbery creature is hundreds of feet tall, its head is only small with endless killing intent in its eyes, and its limbs are healthy, but it is all covered by some strange rays of light, and the eight-colored thunder and lightning are constantly flowing and covered in its silver color. Above the body, the strong muscles above the body exude extreme strength.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The robbery... Die!" The robbery creature condensed by the eight-color thundercloud roared in the sky, and the space suddenly became extremely unstable.

The terrifying coercion of Jie Ling instantly filled this dense formation, which brought a lot of pressure to Xiao Yan.

Because of this robbery spirit, I am afraid that just in his current appearance, his strength has reached the level of Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation. Compared with Xiao Yan, he is only stronger than weak!

Before Xiao Yan could start to reinforce the formation, the huge robbery above the sky became agile!

The spirit of robbery led the huge body, and blasted away at Mu Yingying who was underground. The terrifying speed caused a string of lightning currents and the sound of breaking wind in the sky!

"Damn!"

"I didn't expect it to trigger a robbery, it's really an accident." Mu Yingying said softly, and then a tyrannical flame erupted from the holy flame crystal on the palm of her hand.

Mu Yingying didn't dare to neglect, after all, this robbery spirit is the key to the success of transcending the robbery, so her strength should not be underestimated. Immediately, her beautiful eyes turned slightly, and the next moment she had a solution!

All of this happened between lightning and flint!

"Huhuhu!" On Mu Yingying's jade hand, the power absorbed directly in the Xuanling Emperor Pond had been condensed into ten drops of golden liquid. Take it out!

"Boom boom boom!" With the ten drops of golden liquid in Mu Yingying's palm, her delicate body suddenly became resplendent, like a golden coin!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, Mu Yingying's palm suddenly squeezed, and a golden energy was instantly born on top of her palm.

"Go!" The red lips moved slightly, and suddenly Mu Yingyingyu pushed her palm forward hard, and the golden energy instantly hit the Jie Ling!

When Jie Ling was still rushing towards Mu Yingying, he was stunned by this sudden blow Then when the golden energy entered his body, the huge power in his body was quickly weakened. ...

In a short period of time, that Jie Ling was suppressed only in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor!

It seems that the golden liquid that Mu Yingying had just now was poison, and the strength of the robbery spirit has been greatly reduced just after entering the body!

"Haha, it seems that the strength of this robbery before the robbery is probably as high as the six-star Dou Emperor Consummation. A powerhouse of this level is undoubtedly too powerful for me now."

"But Mu Yingying's blow just now actually greatly reduced the strength of this robbery spirit."

"The robbery spirit in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di is powerful, but Mu Yingying should have her grasp."

"And that golden power should be condensed by her using holy flame to condense the mysterious power in the Xuanling Emperor Pond within her body." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Hehe, let's see how you struggle now!" The next moment, Mu Yingying had a seductive and dangerous smile on the corner of her mouth. She moved, and she suddenly faced the robbery spirit!

"After preparing for so long, this is the real calamity." Xiao Yan also watched with anticipation. He also wanted to know how many tricks this Mu Yingying had!

Immediately after the robbery spirit above the sky, after the golden energy entered the body and caused the strength to be greatly reduced, he raised his head to the sky and roared, and an angry emotion filled the entire space!

Obviously, the golden energy that Mu Yingying had just angered her, and it will be a real life-and-death fight!

A calamity is about to break out!

Ask for tickets!