Chapter 63: The 23rd Sacred Flame: You Qing Wan Han Yan!

At the moment when the blue flame on the Qinglian woman's body appeared, the air in the hall was severely cooled, and the scorching temperature was mixed with the icy chill.

And if you look carefully, the white yin and yang hearts on the Qinglian woman's hands have condensed into ice cubes under the baking of the flames!

"Oh?"

"You have good eyesight, you can actually recognize Sheng Yan." The Qinglian woman was also surprised.

It is impossible for ordinary people to see a strange thing born from the power of heaven and earth like holy flame, and it is even more impossible to know holy flame through soul perception.

Because, although the holy flame has always been rumored to have a huge power of fire, it is called holy flame.

But this is not the case. Holy flame is the condensed body of the spiritual energy of heaven and earth in the great world. It does not necessarily have to have the power of flame to be holy flame. The real holy flame, the power of flame is the foundation, and there are other mysteries attached. strength.

The legendary holy flame in the world has many effects of purifying evil and expelling evil spirits, but the birth of holy flame between heaven and earth is too rare, so the records are also pitiful.

It was naturally impossible for Xiao Yan to recognize that the Qinglian woman was using the holy flame. As early as when the Qinglian woman summoned the flame to refine the white yin and yang heart, the voice of the Golden Dragon King sounded in Xiao Yan's heart.

Immediately, Xiao Yan stared blankly at the stunning woman with jade feet stepping on Qinglian in front of him, and he couldn't help but remember the words that Yao Lao had said to him when he first introduced Yihuo to him in Dou Qi Continent: "In this vast world, there are There are some strange fires from heaven and earth, maybe it is the cluster of flames carried by the center of the meteorite falling from the sky, or it may be the lava fire that has been burned for thousands of years in the depths of the volcano..."

"The power of these strange fires is a bit stronger than the fire attribute flames catalyzed by fighting qi. If you refine the medicine, you can also increase the medicinal power of the medicine pill. However, these strange fires in the world are extremely violent, and it is rare to meet each other on weekdays. , and even if you see it, it is extremely difficult to take it for your own use.”

"Many alchemists have searched for the strange fire all their lives, but in the end they have not gotten what they wanted. After all, if you want to control the strange fire, you need to introduce the flame into your body, and the strange fire is all violent destruction. It is the magic gold diamond, a metal material that is famous for its sturdiness. Below, they can refine a small cluster of different fires and cultivate them into their own fire, and these people, without exception, are the leaders in the refining world..."

The words of his master Yao Lao echoed in his ears, and his eyes couldn't help but get a little wet.

"Master, is this really holy flame?" Xiao Yan apparently calmed down a little, and then looked a little excitedly at the small flame on the Qinglian woman in front of him, as if he wanted to compare holy flame and abnormal fire. idea.

"You can't go wrong, this is one of the thirty-six holy flames between heaven and earth."

"Looking at the appearance of this little girl, the whole body of the flame is cyan, and it contains the power of extreme cold. This is very likely to be the legendary twenty-third holy flame, the green and cold flames!"

"Youqing Wanhanyan, the 23rd on the holy flame list, this flame was born in the extremely cold place of ten thousand years. It is a mixture of scorching flames and absolute zero degrees! The extremely cold place was originally a forbidden area for human life. Ten thousand years In an extremely cold place, even the battle qi and blood in the body of a fighting immortal strong person will quickly solidify, and it is impossible to stay for ten minutes, let alone subdue this holy flame born by inheriting the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. It is very difficult in itself to obtain the power of Holy Flame." The Golden Dragon King briefly introduced.

"And the holy flame is only stronger than your strange fire, and it is even more difficult to conquer!"

Xiao Yan's brows also looked at this Qinglian woman in surprise. He didn't expect that he just came to Dou Di Continent and met a person with holy flame.

However, this so-called Youqing Wanhanyan is very similar to his teacher Yao Lao's Bone Spirit Cold Fire, but the flame power in it is very different!

If the Bone Spirit Cold Fire is the leader in the mixture of flame and ice cold in different fires, then Youqing Wanhanyan is like a king in flames and extreme cold!

Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, staring at the Qinglian woman in front of him!

The origin of the Qinglian woman in front of her should be extremely mysterious. From what Wu Huan said before, she knew that this woman was not from the Xuanling Continent. The four continents on the Doudi Continent, except the Xuanling Continent, the strength of the other three continents is Very tyrannical, and the Qinglian under the jade feet of this Qinglian woman is not a mortal thing. She has a beautiful appearance, powerful strength, and the most mysterious holy flame in the world. The identities of the three all indicate that the woman in front of her is absolutely absolute. not simple!

Xiao Yi, who was on Xiao Yan's shoulder, was accompanied by the appearance of the Qinglian woman's cyan holy flame. First, there was a trace of fear, and then a trace of excitement, which really made Xiao Yan puzzled.

From this, Xiao Yan has always wondered what is the direct relationship between Sheng Yan and Yi Huo?

Looking back, the white yin and yang heart on the Qinglian woman's jade hand was slowly being surrounded by the cyan fire she summoned, and the cyan flame was burning continuously.

With the burning of the cyan flame, a ray of light appeared on the white yin and yang heart, trembling, just like the light of the automatic protector.

But the blue flame is holy flame after all, this trembling didn't last long, the light burst with a bang, and with the burst of light, the one in it was condensed by the emperor's lifelong cultivation essence The energy white beads formed are also exposed to the air.

"Wow!"

With the exposure of this yin and yang heart, in this stone hall, it was like a tide of fighting qi, and there was a crisp sound of water.

Xiao Yan raised his head and looked at the fluorescent white energy beads with fiery eyes. This is the most precious thing in the hall!

However coveted in his heart, when he saw the figure above the green lotus, it became a lot colder again, Xiao Yan frowned tightly, although he extremely did not want to admit it, he still understood that he would do it. If so, I'm afraid the success rate is not high, and he doesn't think that this woman who even wears a white robe is a five-star fighting emperor who treats her with dignity. She would be so simple and completely rest assured that he will stay here. Therefore, for him Every move, the latter must be taken precautions.

In midair, Su Xueying looked at the white yin and yang heart floating in front of her eyes. With a light grip of her jade hand, several azure flames shot out from the azure lotus under her feet, all of which irradiated on the yin and yang heart.

"Chichi!"

With the irradiation of the cyan flame, white mist suddenly appeared on the yin and yang's heart, and there were actually signs of melting on the surface.

"Whoa!"

For this scene, Su Xueying was not surprised. When she lifted her hand lightly, more and more blue flames swept out of the green lotus at the speed of light, and finally focused on the yin and yang heart.

And as more and more cyan flames converged, the melting speed of the Yin-Yang Heart also intensified rapidly. After about a few minutes, a Yin-Yang Heart turned into a white liquid.

The liquid flows slowly in the air, and faintly, there is an extremely terrifying fluctuation that permeates from it.

Xiao Yan below, under this pressure, his body seemed to be several times heavier, and even the fighting spirit that was running in his body became slower, and his expression became extremely dignified.

Moreover, Xiao Yan looked at the white yin and yang heart in the hands of the Qinglian woman, and at the black beads on the throne, and had a bold guess in his heart!

​​