Chapter Vol 4 1810: Angel Feather Wing vs Shen Hengchi, punishment! ...

"This?" Xiao Yan, who was originally like an ant who could be crushed by him at will, now his eyes were loud and loud. Whether it was his breath or strength, he seemed to be reborn and looked down on himself. For a time, the arrogance on Mekal's face A little bit of dissipated, replaced by a touch of surprise and puzzlement.

"Interesting..." After a while, Mekal quietly landed on the ground of the lair, the white angel wings behind him flapped lightly, and Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan looked at each other.

However, at this time, Mekal's tone was no longer as contemptuous and arrogant as before. It seemed that the breath that emerged from Xiao Yan's body made him truly express other emotions.

"This guy is so scary." At this moment, Ji Xuan also let out a sigh of relief, and immediately without hesitation, he quickly took the seniors around him and other human beings for no reason, and went to the only exit.

This exit could not be opened with their strength. The only chance Xiao Yan mentioned just now was that Xiao Yan would take action to open the opening, so they went there early and waited.

"Angel... It's really been a long time since I met." The amber flames all over "Xiao Yan" with beautiful pupils faded away, like a man who was not normal, said quietly.

"I am a member of the Holy See, the traveling angel Mekal who travels the world."

"You have colluded with evil people, and now you have an unidentified evil force in your body. I have the right to judge and obliterate you!"

"Including all the comrades in this lair!" Hearing "Xiao Yan"'s understated voice actually made Mekal feel a chill in his heart, so his tone suddenly became strange and roared.

Mekal, she is a roving angel. She was originally a gifted human being in the Holy See. After being given some special blessing by the red-clothed archbishop in the Holy See, she acquired angel wings and became an angel, cruising the world to punish her. Evil promotes good, for angels, once they make any major contribution, they can be crowned in the kingdom of angels!

And this honor is the devil fruit.

After becoming a traveling angel, Mekal found out that Marr was secretly conducting a demon experiment, so she deliberately tracked down the fifth sin Sima for decades. Now that the devil fruit experiment is successful, as long as she brings either the devil fruit or Marr back to the Holy See, then She will be crowned the kingdom of angels for this!

Even if these innocent guys are obliterated, she cannot let others know her purpose. Anyway, as long as you get the devil fruit and step into the dream kingdom of angels, as for these insignificant humans who have been obliterated, it is their honor. The cornerstone of your own status, how can you not be grateful?

Now that the Devil Fruit is lost, Mekal is naturally anxious, but at this time, the power in Xiao Yan's body is like a sea of ​​stars, making him uneasy, so he can only quickly solve Xiao Yan and track the Devil Fruit.

As for the kind of power that appears in Xiao Yan now, I saw it when Mekal became an angel... It is a power that only the longest members of the angel kingdom can possess!

Like a real mansion, it can only make everyone look down!

But in any case, that power is now only pinned on Xiao Yan in the form of his soul, and Mekal will never allow things beyond his control.

All heresy and power beyond the limit must be strangled in the cradle.

"Don't talk nonsense... If it weren't for the protection of a few old guys in your angel kingdom, the mere angel kingdom would have been completely occupied by us." Looking at Mekal, who was constantly emerging and releasing his holy spirit in front of him, "Xiao Yan" But he laughed.

"Bold villain, slandering many gods in the kingdom of angels, death penalty!!!" At this moment, after listening to Xiao Yan's unhindered words, Mekal finally became angry.

The kingdom of angels is the supreme existence in the eyes of their angels. Once anyone slanders them, their nature, the power of angels that has already been integrated into the bone marrow, will riot uncontrollably and turn into a sharp blade, trying to obliterate the enemy. .

"My strength is limited, I can only resist her blow, and the rest still needs you." Looking at Mekal in an angry state in front of him, the soul of Emperor Tuoshe, attached to Xiao Yan's body, faced Xiao Yan's body consciousness. said a word.

"Well...Master, don't worry, I will definitely kill this guy with my own hands."

"However, Master, where are you now?" Xiao Yan, who was entrenched in his soul realm and was ready to take over control of his body, asked consciously.

"When you reach eight stars, or the subtle realm before your soul power enters the realm of the gods, you will know... But don't worry, I, including the old immortals of your Xiao clan, are still alive." Tuoshe Gudi's gentle voice It was transmitted to Xiao Yan's soul realm, but Xiao Yan's soul body was suddenly shocked. It seemed that there was a monstrous anger beneath this gentle voice.

"Angel……"

"wing!"

"In the name of my parade angel Mekal, pray for the wings of the angel to slay all evil!" At this moment, Mekal suddenly transformed into a milky white armor, completely wrapping his entire body, like a real Valkyrie as mighty as a goddess .

Then Mekal's expression suddenly changed. From the initial fear to the current relief, it seems that after this special ray of light, the survival of this space is only a matter of thought.

In an instant, the high-pitched voice just fell, and Mekal's pure white lips wriggled slightly, and each wriggling echoed the heaven and earth with bursts of Sanskrit, like a divine light that purifies the world, and countless milky white incantations emerged from his lips for a while, as if One after another, ancient and holy words surrounded his body, and even a pair of exquisite wings on his back slowly stretched, flapped, and each beat, each incitement, would bring up white dust all over the sky, in that white dust. , contains a power that defies heaven and earth!

"A mere wandering angel, even with only two wings, can burst out such a terrifying attack. What a genius."

"Boy, give me a good look." The ancient emperor Tuoshe, who controlled Xiao Yan's body, first exclaimed, and then burst into the void.

"Weng buzzing!" The voice just fell, and the dark sage seemed to be instructed by Xiao Yan, and quickly retreated towards the exit guarded by Ji Xuan and others. Seeing this, it was obvious that he was going to help them. On the other hand, "Xiao Yan" "On the palm of the hand, the ancient ruler of the eternal fire quietly appeared.

At this time, the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, because the ancient emperor Tuoshe controlled Xiao Yan's body, the breath infiltrated, and the spirit shook violently, as if welcoming the return of his true master.

"Although you have been seriously injured since the first battle between heaven and earth, but now you can also burst into one ten thousandth of the light of the past, and this is enough!" At this moment, a sound of thunder that shattered the nine heavens, "Yan" sounded in his mouth, and immediately, regardless of the brewing of Mekal's angel's wings, he suddenly grasped the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and his gorgeous eyes filled with countless flames threw it at the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and for a while, a brilliant double shot. There was a gleam in his eyes.

The light just poured out and descended on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and the dark body of the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng disappeared in an instant A total of eleven flame patterns of different colors completely covered it, and In the center of its ruler, the brilliance of the holy pattern is also bursting out.

"Boom!" A strong aura that surpassed the heavens and the earth quietly emerged!

"A crooked way can actually make ordinary weapons temporarily possess the power of divine weapons."

"Angel wings, kill all evils!" Seeing "Xiao Yan"'s strange behavior, Mekal sneered, and countless ancient texts all over his body were directly suspended on the wings behind his back. The wings instantly swelled and turned into two angel wings. The beam of light ran directly towards "Xiao Yan", that kind of breath, that kind of destructive power, like a palace of death specially used to seal and kill demons. Exterminate!

"Shen Heng Chi... Punishment!" Looking at the two angel wings projected like a **** to test the real death sentence, "Xiao Yan" smiled indifferently, raised the transformed heavy ruler with one hand, and took it lightly. Swipe lightly.

"Boom!" At that time, one was blessed by the radiance of the holy pattern, and it was vented out like a flood of beasts with up to eleven flame patterns of different colors.

"Boom!" For a time, the entire lair was completely shattered, and countless space vortices emerged, swallowing them like evil spirits.

At this moment, the sky and the earth turned pale, the energy of the heaven and the earth suddenly quieted down, and the attack of the two reached the peak, like the contest between the two gods, it was heart-pounding!