Chapter 240: Grit your teeth and move forward one step at a time!

Xiao Yan stepped onto the forbidden water bridge with a solemn expression.

"Breakthrough!"

I just took the first step on the forbidden water bridge, and obviously I felt the pressure coming from all directions!

The terrifying suppression was like a 10,000-pound boulder, and Xiao Yan's teeth could not help but make a slight noise.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It was obvious that Xiao Yan was persevering with gritted teeth and stubborn bones.

However, Xiao Yan was pleasantly surprised to discover that the Nigong Pills in his body, which had not made any progress, were slowly expanding under this terrifying suppressive force. Although the speed was extremely slow, it was truly expanding!

The size of this Nigong Pill is related to Xiao Yan's strength as a battle formation master, so Xiao Yan is also relieved to move on.

"But...evil..." Xiao Yan also spoke intermittently. Obviously, this Forbidden Water Bridge is well-deserved.

Then Xiao Yan didn't care how difficult it was to conquer the forbidden water bridge, he slowly raised his right foot and stepped down viciously in front of him!

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan just lifted his right foot, as if he had several kilograms of boulders suppressing Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan only lifted a distance of ten centimeters, and then slowly fell again, the terrifying prohibition on the forbidden water bridge suppressed Xiao Yan Inflammation is also very uncomfortable.

"Ah ah ah!"

As another step fell, Xiao Yan also shouted loudly.

In the beginning, above the Forbidden Water Bridge, there was gravity that suppressed Xiao Yan, but as Xiao Yan slowly deepened, he was surprised to find that there was a terrifying spiritual power above the Forbidden Water Bridge!

The terrifying spiritual power instantly filled Xiao Yan's body. At this time, Xiao Yan had already advanced to one third of the Forbidden Water Bridge.

The terrifying mental pressure instantly permeated from the black river under the forbidden water bridge. As soon as the invisible force touched Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan roared!

The terrifying spiritual pressure directly attacked Xiao Yan's spiritual sea!

You must know that at this time, Xiao Yan's spiritual sea was only a few feet of space, very weak, and being attacked by this invisible spiritual coercion, he couldn't help drinking.

"damn it!"

At this time, Xiao Yan couldn't help but see some blood in his pupils, which was obviously an injury caused by being attacked by mental coercion.

On the one hand, Xiao Yan took heavy steps, and on the other hand, it was also to resist this terrifying mental pressure!

He had just displayed his huge soul power and wanted to use his soul power and spiritual coercion to resist it, but Xiao Yan was surprised to find that the soul power had just been born, and all of it sank into this black river!

As if this black river has a strong attraction, he is quite fond of soul power!

Immediately, Xiao Yan also displayed his grudge, trying to resist...

But vindictiveness is the same as soul power, it just disappears when it appears...

"This!" The accident suddenly found that Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then he kept looking at the black river and the forbidden water bridge above the river with a solemn expression.

"It's troublesome now..." Xiao Yan also said in a deep voice, he could feel that this invisible mental pressure was enough to shatter his body!

Moreover, this mental coercion seems to be quite wise, and it often attacks instantly only when Xiao Yan is not prepared, making Xiao Yan also vigilant.

At this time, Xiao Yan stopped moving forward, because although Xiao Yan did not know when this terrifying spiritual pressure would attack him, Xiao Yan could feel that this powerful spiritual pressure was beside him. Once you appear weak, what awaits you is...

Xiao Yan stopped moving forward, but the enormous pressure on his body also suppressed Xiao Yan to bow slightly.

Xiao Yan looked around and found that this black river was very strange, as if there was something...

According to Xiao Yan's guess, that terrifying spiritual pressure is likely to exist in this black river!

In the sky above this black river, there is a mysterious prohibition that prohibits all forces. Although the water-forbidden bridge is summoned, the terrifying gravity suppression on the water-forbidden bridge also makes Xiao Yan breathless, not to mention that there is still a hidden force in the dark. The rather terrifying spiritual coercion!

"No wonder so many people died in this forbidden waters..."

"They all went through a lot of difficulties and finally came to this sealed land, but they didn't expect that this place is full of dangers..."

"It really deserves to be the core area of ​​the town ghost well where the twin ghost emperors are sealed!" Xiao Yan also said with difficulty.

After a short rest, Xiao Yan started his journey forward again.

The feet are constantly raised and lowered gently, as long as they pass through the forbidden waters, then what is waiting for them is...

Thinking of this, Xiao Yan is also cheering up.

one step...

Step two...

"Strange, this mental coercion seems to have disappeared?" Xiao Yan now advanced to the center of the Forbidden Water Bridge, but he was not attacked by the mental coercion, which was very unreasonable.

"Xiao Yanzi be careful!" The Golden Dragon King's voice suddenly recalled.

"Bang bang bang!"

Just when the voice of the Golden Dragon King sounded, a terrifying wave was brewed in an instant, and then a heavy attack hit Xiao Yan!

At this time, Xiao Yan had no defenses on his body, and his soul power and vindictiveness were also unable to be used as if they were sealed. Facing such a terrifying mental pressure attack, if he were an ordinary person, he would have already fallen...

"what!"

A roar also came from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then an explosion spread out instantly.

However, even in the face of such a terrifying attack, Xiao Yan still stood firmly on the Forbidden Water Bridge, which was obviously unreasonable.

Faced with such a terrifying attack, Xiao Yan had bloodstains to varying degrees on his eyes, nose and mouth at this time. Obviously, it was quite difficult to defend against such an attack with his body.

Although Xiao Yan suffered a lot of injuries at this time, Xiao Yan was also surprised to find that just when the mental coercion attacked him, the "magic movement" natal inscription that was hanging quietly at the Ni Gong Wan in the body was also There was a violent tremor...

It seemed... it seemed that he had an extremely intense feeling of the mental pressure that attacked Xiao Yan just now.

Xiao Yan's dark brown pupils turned in a circle, and then walked forward at a rapid pace.

Invisible spiritual coercion, seeing that his second attack was also at a disadvantage, he couldn't help but brew a bigger attack again!

Mental attack is an attack method that destroys the nerve brain in the human body.

Let me ask, if a person's nerves or brain are attacked and seriously injured, then what awaits him is either a mental retardation or a loss of intelligence, and he becomes a crippled person!

This is the horror of a mental attack!

Xiao Yan was advancing continuously, and he was about to reach the edge of the forbidden water bridge in a blink of an eye. A terrifying spiritual force also attacked Xiao Yan instantly.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying invisible and colorless spiritual attack hit Xiao Yan just now, but there was no monstrous explosion, and Xiao Yan was also standing steadily, but at this time Xiao Yan was laughing.

"I've been waiting for you for a long time!"

After speaking, he waved his hands, and a small but dazzling rune slowly stood in front of Xiao Yan, and that terrifying spiritual power was also strangely attracted by a small rune in front of Xiao Yan.

As soon as the "Shen Dong" natal rune appeared, it turned into a vortex with terrifying suction, absorbing all the mental power that attacked Xiao Yan in front of him!

The mysterious spiritual power also seemed to have found something wrong, and just wanted to escape, but unexpectedly, the suction force of this "magic movement" natal inscription was soaring, and it was absorbed without a trace.

After Xiao Yan absorbed such a terrifying spiritual power in front of Xiao Yan's "magic movement" natal inscription, Xiao Yan also discovered that the Ni Gong Wan, which was originally only a few feet deep in his body, suddenly swelled at an extreme speed!

Ask for tickets!