Chapter 621: action

A day passed quickly.

The night wind in Wuzhuju is always desolate.

"Are they all asleep..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself while sitting in the room.

Relying on the sense of soul power, it's just now night, but the other people are completely silent, obviously preparing to fall asleep.

"It's almost there..." In Mu Yingying's room, Mu Yingying's eyes opened slightly, and then her beautiful eyes flashed.

"Little Lan... We will definitely succeed this time."

"After we succeed, we will rescue my brother and return to our own residence. We will never step into the residence of human beings." Mu Yingying said slowly to the holy flame crystal exuding the power of blue holy flame in front of her.

"Weng Om!" The blue Saint Yanjing seemed to have sensed Mu Yingying's words, and immediately exuded a burst of joy.

"Let's go, it's time."

"Through the Emperor Dou Tribulation, three days should be enough for the team competition." Mu Yingying slowly got up and walked towards the back mountain of Fenxiang Pavilion.

"I don't know if he will come..." Just after leaving Wuzhuju, Mu Yingying glanced at the house where Xiao Yan lived. At this time, Xiao Yan's house was brightly lit.

At the end of the story, Mu Yingying did not stop, because with the existence of Sheng Yanjing, there was a force in Mu Yingying's body that was ready to go, and that was the key to triggering the Emperor's Tribulation, so it was necessary to find one. quiet place.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Alas..." The movement in Mu Yingying's room naturally could not escape Xiao Yan's sense, then Xiao Yan sighed slowly, and then without hesitation, the figure disappeared in the house in an instant, and the place she chased was impressive. It is the trace left by Mu Yingying on the way, intentionally or unintentionally.

The mountain range occupied by the Burning Incense Pavilion is extremely huge. Even if there is the existence of the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth and Humanity, the mountain range occupied by it is not even one-tenth, which is enough to see the hugeness of this mountain range.

The mountain behind the Burning Incense Pavilion is a holy place for some disciples to retreat and practice tribulation all the year round. Because no one enters here all the year round, and it is dozens of miles away from the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth, and People, it is relatively safe.

"I can't see that this place is really a good place..." A shadowy figure in the dark slowly stood on a branch and said.

What caught Mu Yingying's eyes was a pond with a radius of hundreds of miles.

The pond is not big, but the water in it is extraordinarily clear and transparent. Under the shroud of the moon in the dark night, the reflection of the moon appears directly in the water.

And the place where the pond is located is a basin, with a high middle bottom all around, and in the dark night, few people will find it.

"no one……"

"Let's go here then." Mu Yingying's body's perception spread all over the basin in an instant, and she said without feeling any other creatures.

Mu Yingying slowly came to the side of the pond, and with a slight movement of her jade hand, she took something out of the ring and scattered it into the pond water.

With the injection of Mu Yingying's mysterious powder, the pool water gradually became warmer.

"Are you here..." Mu Yingying finished all this, and then, without worrying, slowly stared at the sky above the basin.

Because at this time, a certain space above the basin was wriggling slightly, and there was obviously a figure.

"It's really stubborn..." Xiao Yan slowly poured out of the space, and then he didn't even have to look at it, he said helplessly to Mu Yingying who was sitting in the basin below.

"In three days, we must break through this Emperor Dou Tribulation." Seeing Xiao Yan coming, Mu Yingying didn't know why, but the heart that was hanging in her heart at that moment finally let go.

Because no matter when, as long as Xiao Yan exists, she can always feel a sense of peace of mind.

"Three days?"

"Will it be too rushed?"

"And I haven't broken through the Dou Emperor Tribulation. To be honest, I'm not sure." Xiao Yan was telling the truth. After all, after swallowing the Holy Flame, his strength soared to the late six-star Dou Emperor period. As for the Dou Emperor Tribulation and the power of life and death, Sword ghosts were not seen.

"Although I don't know your specific situation, I believe there will always be a way." Mu Yingying comforted Xiao Yan.

"Three days, it should be almost over, take a gamble." The next moment, Mu Yingying said firmly with her beautiful eyes as clear as pond water.

"How confident are you...?" Xiao Yan slowly came to Mu Yingying's side, and then hesitantly asked.

"Five points." Mu Yingying bit her lip. Obviously, even Mu Yingying didn't have much confidence in this kind of thing.

"Five points..." Xiao Yan's complexion was quite heavy. If Mu Yingying only had five points of confidence, I am afraid that the success rate of this calamity would be...

Although he has not survived the so-called Dou Di tribulation, Xiao Yan knew from what Long Yi said and Xin Yan before that the horror of this thing was no less than his own calamity. Only in ashes.

"But with the mysterious power of the Xuanling Emperor Pond within you and me, I have a full nine points of confidence." The next moment, Mu Yingying raised her pretty face with a hint of confidence and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Haha, then we'll wait and see." Xiao Yan was stunned when he heard the words, and then said enthusiastically.

"Thank you." Mu Yingying stared at Xiao Yan for a while, then spit out a sentence.

"Are you so sure that I will come?" Xiao Yan asked rhetorically.

"I do not know……"

"Maybe it's a woman's intuition." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she ignored Xiao Yan and sat down with her legs crossed.

"What do you need me to do?" Seeing Mu Yingying in such a state, Xiao Yan immediately understood that this was to adjust his peak state, and deal with the next Dou Di tribulation in the future!

"Keep this place and don't let people in." Mu Yingying's silver bell-like voice kept echoing in the basin.

"Small thing." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded immediately, and then flew into the air.

The next moment, the core inscription of the divine movement in Xiao Yan's body spun at a high speed, and circles of yellow spiritual power continued to spew out, and then continued to gather on a scroll in Xiao Yan's hand!

Such hot fluctuations It seems that the five-star Doudi powerhouse only has the chance to run away when he sees it!

"Dense array!"

"Go!" Xiao Yan suddenly opened his mouth, the battle formation scroll engraved with thousands of core inscriptions in his hand instantly rushed towards the top of the basin!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying coercion instantly fell off the battle formation scroll in Xiao Yan's hand, and immediately turned into a burst of yellow light, instantly surrounding the basin where Xiao Yan and the two were located!

"It seems that the current limit is probably the six thousand lines of the great master of the battle array..."

"With this kind of strength, it's okay to deal with the powerhouses below the six-star Dou Emperor Consummation, but it's not enough to deal with the seven-star Dou Emperor. It seems that we still need to improve the spiritual strength to the level of the great master of the Dou Formation..." Xiao Yan said After that, the battle formation scroll has been transformed into a formation, shrouding the basin where the two are located.

"There are so many secrets in this Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying naturally felt the power of Xiao Yan's action. I am afraid that just because of the tyranny of this formation, if Mu Yingying did not rely on the power of holy flame , they have been trapped here for a long time.

"Let's start, with me protecting the law, no one will disturb you." Xiao Yan stood in the sky, constantly sensing whether there was anyone around him, and a hot wave slowly radiated from it.

"Haha, this girl has really started... I just don't know what her relationship is with Yan Chi." In the distance, in Lao Zhu's room, his eyes slowly opened, and then he said to himself sleepily, He then closed his eyes and fell asleep.

Ask for tickets!