Chapter Vol 4 1859: Retreat, 6-star Douxian mid-term!

Once the time has passed, it is a month.

In a month, the Star Continent has also recovered its original face from the original panic and riddled with holes, but everyone understands that all this is the credit of the devil-like figure standing in the sky named Xiao Yan, and it continues. its order.

First, the emperor announced the many sins of the two princes, and wiped out the relevant personnel.

But in the final analysis, this war lost two princes and a lot of high-level officials. Among them, ten elders fell at the same time. It also caused immeasurable losses to the royal family of Tianxing Continent. Fortunately, they won in the end.

Then the emperor announced his abdication and held a mighty emperor ceremony for Princess Lin Yunshu.

Princess Lin Yunshu also entered the ancestral hall after accepting the emperor, so she was sheltered and cared for by the ancestors of the royal family of the Lin family. Time pushed the boat to break through the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, and the power of the stars was completely awakened, so she was named the Empress of the Stars.

The shocking scene that happened in the Barrier of Light a month ago has slowly subsided at this time, but Xiao Yan's figure resolutely stood among the many high-level officials and ordinary people in the Sky Star Continent.

In the exclusive mountain range of the Star Empress, the top-ranked Tianyuan Mountains are on the left and the emperor's palace on the right.

"Hey... How come Master Xiao Yan is gone?"

"No, you must tell Her Majesty the Empress as soon as possible." At this time, in a large courtyard that was in a quiet corner on the edge of the mountain, a woman with a beautiful face came to the wooden house. After a careful sense, she left here and moved towards the Empress. go.

Since the catastrophe ended and Xiao Yan fell into a coma, this place has been sealed off as a forbidden area, and Xiao Yan was placed here for a good rest, but Xiao Yan was covered with demonic energy shackles. After passing out of a coma, it can only be placed on the bed and let it disintegrate on its own.

As for the maid who just left, she is naturally an extremely rare sensory attribute in the royal family. She has always been responsible for taking care of Xiao Yan. If there is any change in Xiao Yan, she must inform many high-level officials as soon as possible.

At this time, in the backyard of the courtyard, a rather thin figure stood here.

"Hey... I've been in a coma for too long, the power of the devil has invaded my limbs, and even the fire of holy flame can't be removed." The man sat on a rock and said helplessly, but at this time His body has returned to the skin color of an ordinary person, and his hair has returned to normal, looking like a simple man.

"Forget it, I'd better go into seclusion and check my body. I don't know whether my body is a blessing or a curse because of the power of the devil this time. I hope it's not too bad." Xiao Yan finished speaking, facing one of the courtyards. Go to a quiet room.

It has to be said that Xiao Yan also admires Lin Yunshu's intelligence very much. The courtyard here seems to be a good place for cleaning and retreating. For Xiao Yan today, it is naturally very suitable.

"Huhu." When he reached the secret room, he carefully placed a barrier behind him, and immediately summoned the second realm.

Acacia Flame Domain.

Very good, there is no mutation in the Acacia Flame Domain.

Then there is the Undead Flame Domain.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan's power had just penetrated into it, and he immediately smelled the ashes fluctuations in the domain, and even the domain characteristics that were enough to resist the blow of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals completely disappeared at this time.

"I'm afraid that when the devil's power broke out, it was already used... Forget it." After some inspection, Xiao Yan shook his head.

Then, the special light group of the flame beasts in the body, as well as the holy flame and the holy flame crystal, checked one by one, and there was nothing wrong. The big stone in Xiao Yan's heart weakened a little.

However, Xiao Yan was becoming more and more ignorant of the beasts of flames in his body, but relying on Xiao Yan's sense of smell, he vaguely felt that when the beasts of flames came out, they would probably reach an extremely terrifying level.

"And the power of the devil, Dou Qi Dou Core and Soul Realm." After a while, Xiao Yan slowly sat down and took a deep breath.

These three are the most important, and at the same time, Xiao is least willing to face them.

When the demonic power possessed the body before, his strength clearly soared to the early stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals. He was covered in dark green skin and evil hair, and was extremely evil. This was the credit and characteristic of the demonic power, but it was also what Xiao Yan feared the most. .

Xun'er has not been found yet, and the one-hundred-year contract has not been fulfilled. The solution to the mystery of the Xiao clan requires extremely powerful strength, and at least it is reincarnation.

But what Xiao Yan is worried about now is that because the power of the devil fuels his own power, he will be full of energy in the future.

Soaring from the late five-star fighting immortal stage to the early eight-star fighting immortal stage, this huge span, I am afraid that my strength will not be able to improve in the future.

"Six Star Fighting Immortals?"

"In the middle stage of Six-Star Dou Xian?" Xiao Yan forcibly restrained other concerns, carefully running the Burning Jue, and the fire-wood attribute Dou-core in his body started to operate at the same time.

Isn't it Eight Star Fighting Immortal?

Not the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals?

That's fine, it's just from the late five-star fighting immortal stage to the middle six-star fighting immortal stage. Although there are a lot of sequelae, it is still within an acceptable range, and in terms of Xiao Yan's identity as a pharmacist, the rest are trivial matters.

"Finally, there is no danger." After struggling, Xiao Yan smiled, but Xiao Yan noticed that the power of the devil had been quietly accumulated in his body at this time, as long as his mind moved, I am afraid it would be the same. can evaporate.

"But what is this?" Just when Xiao Yan was overjoyed, a dark green stone fell directly from his body next to the two bucket cores in his body and landed on Xiao Yan's palm.

"Weng Om Om!" After the breath, Xiao Yan held the dark green stone with an icy and evil aura, which revealed from it, causing Xiao Yan to shiver directly.

"This is... the power of the devil?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"Weng Om!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's body Fen Jue swam autonomously, protecting every inch of Xiao's mind, and the Emperor Yan Ring also fell off directly, staring at the demon stone with vigilance, and even a touch of concealment in his body The extremely deep dark green demon power exudes endless greed.

"This is... similar to a Rubik's Cube?" After some inspection, Xiao Yan found that the square shape of this thing was like a small Rubik's Cube. Although it contained endless evil and cold aura, it was extremely weak at this time. And it echoes with the demon breath in his body.

"This thing... I'm afraid it is the key to unlocking the devil?" After a while, Xiao Yan also boldly guessed.

When the demonization started before, every time a creature fell under the hands of his own demon, the soul power in the body would turn into a pure power to feed back to him, and the evil cube in front of him might have something to do with it.

"There is a lot of power in the Devil's Rubik's Cube. If you want to start demonization in the future, I am afraid you need to collect a lot of power. Otherwise, the backlash will not be worth the gain." Xiao Yan smiled contentedly. This time, if not for the Emperor Yan Ring and Fen Jue's protection, I am afraid that I will also be attacked by Fen Jue, but I am afraid that next time I will not have such good luck.

Putting away the demon cube, Xiao Yan's mind became hot. Because of his strength, his soul realm seemed to have undergone extremely strange changes due to the influence of demon power!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.