Chapter 65: The problem of white yin and yang heart!

Xiao Yan's eyes also became abnormal at this moment!

Xiao Yan is not stupid enough to think that the so-called Yin-Yang power in the sarcophagus and on the throne is the yin-yang of heaven and earth! In combination with the fact that the white yin and yang hearts obtained by the Qinglian women are hidden by the mysterious formation and cannot see the black yin and yang hearts, this so-called yin and yang is likely to be the male yang **!

This thing is called the power of yin and yang to put it nicely, and it is called the power of double cultivation in a bad way. Xiao Yan has also heard about the power of strengthening his own people, but this kind of thing that is despised by ordinary people actually happens in in front of yourself!

Therefore, when Xiao Yan discovered that the owner of the tomb and his lover actually practiced through this combination of yin and yang, his expression became extremely strange, and then his eyes turned to sit on the green lotus in midair. Su Xueying.

Judging from the small characters, Xiao Yan knew that the owner of this tomb must have done it on purpose. Who would go to the corner of the coffin to see those inconspicuous traces, and if ordinary people don't know the mystery, they will refine them at will. Yin and Yang heart, then the final result will be as said on the coffin wall, the fruit will be burnt.

Even if the master of the tomb is dead, the good fortune that remains will not forget to toss the people who came after, which makes people a little speechless.

Under Xiao Yan's gaze, Su Xueying, who was sitting cross-legged on the green lotus, still seemed quite calm. The so-called fruit of burning her body did not appear, which made Xiao Yan suspicious of the writing on the coffin wall. authenticity.

"Could it be that these handwritings are also deceiving?"

"Or did the yin and yang mind lose its efficacy due to too long?" Xiao Yan muttered in disappointment.

"boom!"

However, just as Xiao Yan's muttering sound fell, a sound of energy surging suddenly came from the air. He hurriedly raised his head, but saw that a violent energy wave suddenly appeared in the green lotus. , and the source of that fluctuation was Su Xueying's body.

"Sure enough!"

Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan's heart skipped a beat.

Above the green lotus, Su Xueying's bamboo hat also fell with a bang, and through the snow-white skin of the Confucian-style skirt that was exposed outside the clothes, a touch of rosy flushed at this moment, Xiao Yan felt an extremely pure and powerful energy. Continuously roaring out of his body, the light curtain of the green lotus was shaken to send out ripples.

At this time, Su Xueying also obviously found something wrong. There was a chill in the clear moo, and she saw her slender hands fly up, and a very strong blue fighting spirit also erupted from her body. I want to suppress the raging cold energy as much as possible.

The green lotus flickered, and waves of violent blue energy fluctuations continuously came out from Su Xueying's body. It could be seen that at this moment, her body was caught in a fierce confrontation.

Xiao Yan below, saw that Su Xueying could even temporarily suppress the energy of the Yin and Yang heart, and couldn't help but slapped her tongue secretly, this woman's strength is really terrifying.

However, although it was in a stalemate, it was short-lived after all. The Yin-Yang Heart was the essence of the lifelong cultivation of a person who was as strong as the peak of the Seven-Star Dou Di. No matter how amazing Su Xueying was, her strength was now suppressed. After all, there is still some gap between them. Therefore, when the confrontation between the two lasted for about a few minutes, the green lotus light curtain suddenly burst away, and Su Xueying's whole body was almost covered by a layer of extremely Covered by pure pure Yin Qi.

In normal times, this might be a great tonic for Su Xueying, but once this kind of thing is overdone, it is a peerless poison. If it accumulates in the body, it will turn into pure yin fire, burning the body from the inside out.

"You did a good job!"

Although Su Xueying is an unmanned girl, she also understands her current situation. This seems to be...

"It's just shameless!"

On Qinglian, Su Xueying stood up abruptly, her tone was cold, and then, she wanted to raise her hand, and a very strong cyan vindictiveness shot out, turned into a giant palm, and slapped the skeleton of the throne fiercely and the sarcophagus.

"Bang!"

A loud noise sounded, and the sarcophagus and the bones inside were directly smashed into pieces, but the bones on the throne were intact.

Seeing this scene, the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth twitched, this woman is really not a good person, she just took the yin and yang heart of others, and the next moment she turned her face and left other people's wives to pieces.

Xiao Yan cautiously stepped back some distance, this woman is now in a state of rampage, and at this time, if she is slapped to death, she will not be able to complain.

Before the two of them were aware of it, a little red light flickered faintly in the dust of the smashed sarcophagus.

After slapping the shattered sarcophagus to vent her anger, Su Xueying's delicate body trembled again. She could feel that there was a flame that was slowly forming in her body. The flame was not hot, but filled with endless Yin Cold and icy, but under this kind of flame, the majestic fighting spirit in her body is beginning to become a little stiff.

With her current strength, it is indeed difficult to resist the stay of a peak seven-star Dou Emperor.

Su Xueying's clear moo flickered quickly after a while, she suddenly clenched her silver teeth and turned her eyes to look at the only person here.

Seeing that Su Xueying's eyes finally came over, Xiao Yan's face shook slightly, his footsteps slowly retreated, and he said with a dry smile, "Miss Su, I don't think it's appropriate to stay here for a long time, so I'll take a step first and leave." As soon as the voice fell, he fled directly at the bronze gate.

Seeing Xiao Yan running so fast now, Su Xueying was also very angry, why didn't you know when to leave just now?

In the end, Xiao Yan did not escape as he wished. When he was about to run to the bronze gate, an extremely strong wind came from behind him. Xiao Yan also had an idea, and his figure flashed. He slammed into the closed bronze door heavily.

Seeing that the tightly closed bronze gate was not opened even by such a powerful attack, Xiao Yan could only helplessly turn around and look at Su Xueying who was slowly floating in front of her on the green lotus, her brows slightly wrinkled. , said: "What do you want? It's none of my business if you get caught."

"Hand over that black yin and yang heart!"

Su Xueying also noticed the slightest strangeness in her body, and then spoke viciously to Xiao Yan.

"Sorry, that thing has already been eaten by me!"

Xiao Yan opened his mouth to face the Qinglian woman.

This kind of yin and yang heart condensed by the peak powerhouses of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, how powerful is contained in it, Xiao Yan also knew that he could not beat this woman, so he swallowed it as early as he got it.

"Spit it out for me!"

The Qinglian woman's complexion turned pink, and her tone was softened at this moment!

"Since it's in my stomach, how can I spit it out?"

Xiao Yan also said indifferently.

​​