Chapter 682: A 1-part plan for the ghost world!

"Do not!"

"I can't die!" Yinmu shouted loudly, and the strong unwillingness radiated hysterically from his heart!

With Yinmu's strength in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor at this time, in front of this holy flame, there is no power to fight back, even if Xiao Yan can't really control the holy flame!

The power of holy flame is so terrifying!

"Boom boom boom!" Yinmu's attack fell on Xiao Yan's khaki-yellow holy flame. Those souls with various emotions were like moths fighting a fire, and they were instantly wiped out by the terrifying power of holy flame. , then Xiao Yan's mind moved, and a dazzling source of holy flame energy radiated directly from the holy flame crystal deep in the body, and then suddenly wrapped around the yin tree!

"Ah ah ah!"

"No, no, I can't die!" Yinmu made a burst of hysterical voices, but Xiao Yan ignored it and directly increased the strength of the holy flame. It is more transparent, as if it will disappear at any time!

"Hahaha!"

"Humans, you all have to die. When our ghost world army enters your Xuansan Santian, you all have to die!"

"If you think about it carefully, it won't be many days. I'll go to **** to wait for you first."

"Susu!" In the end, Yinmu made a ferocious sound, then raised his palm and slapped his chest viciously, as if he had done something, not resisting, but slowly turned into a tiny bit of dust, and that dust Under the purification of the holy flame, it turned into a ray of light, and it was about to dissipate between heaven and earth.

"Is it dissipated by you so easily?"

"Don't forget that I'm a pharmacist." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then the last ray of light from the yin tree was directly caught by Xiao Yan, and just after that, the small ray of light suddenly gave off an aura of extreme fear, but Xiao Yan But he didn't care about it, Xiao closed his eyes immediately, trying to feel the last trace of Yinmu's soul power, trying to explore what Yinmu knew.

The strength of this yin wood is in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and it is definitely not low in the ghost world, so Xiao Yan will not let this guy fall so easily. But it is extremely easy to probe other people's memories.

"Don't go." Seeing that Yinmu was easily eliminated by Xiao Yan, Qin Xin was also incredulous. She just wanted to run over to Xiao Yan to see the legendary Saint Yan. What is the mysterious blood cloud on the top of Wuliang Mountain, I want to find out what it is.

"Don't go there, Xiao Yan is comprehending the news that Yinmu knows, you will only disturb him in the past." Mu Yingying stretched out her hand and held Qinxin.

"But there seems to be something on the top of the mountain..."

"And the holy flame on his body..." Qinxin was extremely curious about what was on the top of the mountain, and the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body was undoubtedly stronger than the holy flame on his own body.

"Wait." Mu Yingying said casually.

"Oh, okay." Seeing this, Qin Xin had no choice but to suppress her inner impulse and wait quietly.

Xiao Yan sat on the ground, relying on his powerful soul power, he easily broke through the last line of defense of the yin wood, and spied the secrets that the yin wood knew.

It turned out that Yinmu was working under the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor, one of the nine ghost emperors in the ghost world. His strength was at the mid-stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and he was considered to be the top three under the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor.

This time when I came to Luoling Mountain, it was precisely because the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor sent Yinmu to try to take away the twin ghost emperor's heart from Xiao Yan, but the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor did not expect that the ghost emperor's heart was not on Xiao Yan. , and seems to have lost a general.

"what……"

"What is this." Xiao Yan's soul power probed around in Yinmu's soul light group, and suddenly saw a cloud of dark ghost energy, he was immediately surprised!

Because with Xiao Yan's huge soul power at this time, a chill faintly emanated from the bottom of his heart!

"Go!" Xiao Yan concentrated on controlling the power of his soul, trying to crack the black air mass.

After all, Yinmu's soul body has been annihilated, and the remaining light is just an unconscious aura.

"This is..." A lot of beads of sweat appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead. Obviously, the last trace of power in the yin wood actually concealed a black air mass. However, as Xiao Yan continued to increase the power of his soul, the hidden things in the air mass also slowed down. Slowly discovered.

The black air mass was cracked by Xiao Yan, and what came with it was something like a video.

Inside a wooden house, there was a black crow with a strange aura and a cloud of black gas.

"Dark Crow, this time to attack Xuan Santian, we must go all out." A deep voice sounded in the black gas, but when Xiao Yan heard this voice, his whole body was shocked!

"Yes, Lord Tomb Digger, but although many entrances to the Xuantian Santian have been opened from the ghost world, but for our plan to be safe, we still have to have the Xuantian Temple competition before we can make a big attack." The crow slowed down. slow way.

"Besides, let's talk about Blood Rose, this thing must be successful, human blood is really delicious." The black gas opened his mouth, and there was a very greedy taste in his voice.

"But... my lord, since the Blood Rose entered Xuan Santian, it seems that the relationship with the Xuanling royal family is not very common." Crow said.

"Send someone to stare at the other two ghosts, and notify me as soon as they have any action." Black gas said.

"My lord, the strength of several immortal warriors in the Fenxiang Pavilion and Medusa's new queen should not be underestimated." The crow said.

"Don't worry, I have my own countermeasures."

"By the way, I have to go to Xuantian every day recently, and the base camp will be handed over to you." After the black gas finished speaking, it disappeared directly into the void.

"The battle is imminent, the lord is looking for something..." After the dark crow finished speaking, he also disappeared here on his own.

"Bang bang bang!" When the video reached this point, it instantly disappeared, and then the last breath of the yin tree scattered directly into the boundless mountains.

"Cough cough cough..."

"It turns out that the entrance to the ghost realm and Xuantian Santian has been opened and the location of our Burning Incense Pavilion is exactly the same entrance. It seems that many of the powerhouses in the Temple of Heaven have gone to..."

"However, this ghost world attacked Xuan Sansan in a big way after the sect competition. The news is really shocking."

"Moreover, that Blood Rose seems to be from the ghost realm, and has an unusual relationship with the Xuanling royal family. It seems that the Xuanling royal family also has some relationship with the ghost realm." Xiao Yan said, shaking his head immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How's it going?" Mu Yingying immediately asked when she saw Xiao Yan's withdrawal.

"Let's go, let's see what the strange blood cloud is doing in this Boundless Mountain." Xiao Yan laughed, and then spoke directly.

"Let's go!" Mu Yingying and Qinxin looked at each other and immediately followed.

"Bang bang bang!" In the ghost world, the residence of the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor, the exquisite jade cup in the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor's hand shattered directly, and then the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor's expression became strange!

"asshole!"

"Could it be that Yinmu's actions were discovered by the powerhouses of Burning Incense Pavilion?"

"Otherwise, how could the strength of the dignified Seven Star Dou Di in the middle stage..."

"And this guy, Yinmu, seems to know a lot about some secrets of me and the gravedigger. I hope nothing happens." At the end of the sentence, the Dark Crow Ghost Emperor shook his head in the distance, his eyes were full of deepness, as if What are you thinking about!

Ask for tickets!