Chapter Vol 4 1529: Simple contest!

"Finally... is it here?" Suddenly, watching the eleven people from Yinhuntian come to the top of the Tongtian Stone Steps one after another, the Black Corpse King's eyes suddenly became hot.

At the top, here is a rather vast flat ground. There are no decorations on the flat ground. There is only a statue of the Lord of the Soul standing here.

"Uh... the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals?" Suddenly, the sturdy figure beside the Black Corpse King stared at Xiao Yan and lost his voice.

This guy has a heavy ruler on his back, but his eyes are full of chills, and even the breath that permeates his whole body is actually more uneasy than his three-star fighting spirit.

"Since everyone has arrived, let's go. I believe that the powerhouses of the Four Great Courts have been waiting for us for a long time." As soon as the voice fell, the King of Pluto laughed and immediately prepared to move.

"Hey... wait a minute."

"I have long heard that there are many people in the Heavenly Soul, and there are many geniuses. When I see it now, it is a bit unreal." After a while, the black corpse will sneer. Obviously, he is aware of Xiao Yan's extraordinary strength and nature. He, who is addicted to war, naturally does not want to miss such a great opportunity.

The black corpse general is the black corpse king who was selected from the countless powerhouses in their black corpse room, and then slaughtered other powerhouses along the way, and only after winning the victory was sent to Li Soul Realm. He is also the most tyrannical and **** guy. His strength has already Reached the initial stage of four-star fighting immortals.

"This guy... is so tyrannical, and the **** power on his body is probably also a guy who walks on the edge of life and death all year round." Hei Jue on the side couldn't help but said, obviously even if he is about to break through the four-star Dou Xian Strength, facing this black corpse general, is also full of taboos.

"Black Corpse King, what are you doing?" Seeing this, Zuo Mu frowned, and then stood directly in front of the eleven people to protect them. After all, in any case, although the human identities of these eleven people are rare, their strength is only Samsung Dou Xian is complete, and this kind of strength is naturally quite difficult to face the black corpse general.

"Zuo Mu, you don't have the right to speak here."

"Also... the disciples here are all strong people who went to Li Soul Realm to enter the Four Great Courts. If they don't even have the strength to accept the challenge, then if they join the Four Great Courts in the future, I am afraid they will also lose the Four Great Courts. It's just a face." The Black Corpse King said word by word, the sharpness between his words.

"Oh...I don't know what the Black Corpse King's opinion is?" At that time, the Underworld King stopped Zuo Mu and laughed.

"Simple."

"Since you have 11 people, you can play any one person and fight against the black corpse."

"If you win, it's enough to show that your Yinhuntian's strength is extraordinary. If you lose, I'm afraid your fertile territory of Yinhuntian is just a false name." The Black Corpse King sneered.

"This guy... really didn't have any good intentions." Hearing the black corpse king's words, Tian Pluto sneered. This black corpse king played a good calculus. In this case, no matter whether the black corpse wins or loses, it will not cause them any harm. What a loss, if they avoided the fight without fighting, they would be timid.

"I don't know King Pluto, what's the idea?" After a few breaths, the Black Corpse King opened his mouth. Now that the Lord of the Plane of Soul Heaven is not there, he can naturally ridicule them.

"I have heard that the powerhouses in the black corpse are very powerful. Today's younger generation also wants to compete with the powerhouses in the black corpse. I also hope that Lord Pluto can satisfy the disciple's wish." After a while, Xiao Yan also smiled. When he arrived at the side of Pluto, he smiled.

Of the eleven of them, being able to stand out from the Demon Suppression Prison is naturally rewarded, but this reward is distributed directly after entering the Four Great Courts.

But even so, facing the oppression of the black corpse general, Xiao Yan was not afraid and sneered.

"If that's the case, then let's fight." As soon as the voice fell, everyone suddenly retreated, and a large area was drawn for Xiao Yan and the two to fight.

"The soul body of violent aura." Xiao Yan and Hei Zhe will fight against each other, and the two of them did not make a rash move, but looked at each other coldly.

"The strength of the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal can actually make me feel some heart palpitations. It seems that there should be some treasure in you." The black corpse lingered the ghostly energy on the body, and countless gloomy auras permeated out.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's do it... I hope your strength is as arrogant as your mouth!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a dazzling flame suddenly emerged, which actually raised the temperature in the entire space a lot.

"Fire attribute?" Seeing such a tyrannical fire attribute on Xiao Yan's body, the black corpse snorted coldly, and then his eyes became vigilant, and a **** aura of strange power also emerged.

"Pick me up!"

"Seventh layer of breaking the sky!" After a while, the ancient ruler of different fires behind Xiao Yan was removed, and the dazzling flames blessed him, and immediately attacked the black corpse!

Just started, naturally he didn't do his best, and the power of the seventh-layer breaking sky ruler is also not bad, just can use its power to explore the strength of the black corpse general four-star fighting immortal.

"Such a weak attack... you are too embarrassed to take it out?"

"Black corpse with **** hands!" After a few breaths, the black corpse general's pupils shrank tightly, and suddenly a dazzling ghostly energy accompanied by a burst of blood-colored energy suddenly emerged from his body, and suddenly a gloomy and **** energy The palm of the hand, burst out!

When this energy palm emerged, it turned the energy in this space into agitation. Obviously, the strength of this black corpse in the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal is extraordinary!

"This guy is such a tyrannical force." Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw that the seven-fold sky-shattering chi awn suddenly disappeared on the black corpse's **** hand!

Destroying Xiao Yan's seven-layered sky-shattering ruler, the black corpse's **** hand attack in the palm of the black corpse increased rather than decreased, and the dazzling and fierce **** aura spread out, and it was vaguely that Xiao Yan's breathing became dignified.

"The guy who was able to win the victory from the brutal black corpse and sent Li Hunyu to join the Fourth Academy really has some skills After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the contempt on the corner of his mouth also turned into a solemn one.

"The third finger of the sky... Breaking the mountains and rivers!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils became sharp, his fingertips were gently lifted, and he would suddenly point at the black corpse that was attacking from the front!

At that time, the dazzling energy fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body and the energy of heaven and earth all over his body suddenly became restless, and then under the gaze of the black corpse general, they poured into Xiao Yan's fingertips continuously!

"This guy... the strength of the middle stage of Samsung Dou Xian, can actually display such a tyrannical attack?" But the woman who had been hiding behind the three-sided ghost slowly covered the corner of her mouth with a jade hand and lost her voice.

"Break it for me!" In an instant, the third finger of the sky was condensed directly, and then with a fierce light, he whistled away the dark and **** energy palm towards the black corpse.

"Pfft!" Immediately, the dazzling flame fingers passed through the gloomy energy palm easily, and then suddenly attacked the black corpse, but when the dazzling flame fingers just passed through the energy palm, it was also Covered with a lot of sinister power, the black corpse's body suddenly exploded like a gorgeous firework.

Until this moment, the faces of the many powerhouses present, except for Heavenly Pluto, other powerhouses and disciples gradually became ugly!

Who would have thought that the guy in the middle stage of the three-star Dou Xian who seemed to be the weakest would actually be able to tie the black corpse in the early four-star Dou Xian stage, the strongest among the disciples!