Chapter Vol 2 796: Life and death 2 Yiquan!

"It's almost there." I don't know how many hours passed, Xiao Yan's pupils opened slightly, looking at the hated old monster in front of him!

The hated old monster at this time has undergone earth-shaking changes!

The strength of the original eight-star fighting emperor in the early stage has now reached the level of the middle stage of the eight-star fighting emperor, and the half of his face, which has long been beyond recognition, has vaguely grown flesh and blood!

"It seems that the Emperor Leopard was directly swallowed by the hated old monster. Although I don't know what this guy wants to do, he still has some strength." Xiao Yan stared at the hated old man and spoke slowly.

"Hahaha!"

"Success!" The next moment, the hated old monster suddenly opened his eyes and burst out with a very crazy smile.

But that smile stopped abruptly when he saw Xiao Yan.

"Forget it, this kid's soul power is too terrifying, a second-rank emperor pharmacist, maybe I can go out and rely on him, so I'd better not offend him first." After a while, the hated old monster's eyes kept spinning. , obviously thinking about the problem.

"Old Hate, is your affair over?" Xiao Yan immediately asked when he saw the old Hate opened his eyes and looked at him motionlessly.

"Hey, don't worry, I'll tell you everything you want to know." The hated old monster gave a fight and then said.

"That's good." Xiao Yan suddenly smiled when he heard the words.

"Then let's talk about the strange life force in your body first." Since the old hater decided to have a good relationship with Xiao Yan, he naturally wouldn't hide it and immediately export it.

"Indeed, when I broke through the Six-Star Dou Emperor, there was no vitality in my body at all, so I don't know much about what it looks like now." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing this, and then looked expectantly at the hated old monster, trying to get from him what do you know.

"I carefully sensed the power in your body."

"Flame attribute, I am afraid that as a pharmacist, your flame power is more powerful than other practitioners."

"But the reason why you don't have the power of birth in your body, I suspect, is largely because you haven't survived the calamity." The hated old monster said slightly.

"No tribulation?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

What this hated old monster said is true. When he entered the desert mountain range with the strength of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, he was lucky enough to get the holy flame and swallowed the holy flame in one fell swoop. Xiao Yan was completely unaware of the calamity.

"Am I right?" After the old hater finished speaking, he thought for a while for Xiao Yan, and then stared at Xiao Yan with a smile.

"How did you know?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"Hehe, I didn't know the news at first, but I sensed the abnormality in your body, and I remembered that there is such a thing."

"As for how I know, this is probably related to Guanghan Island." The hated old monster said.

"Guanghan Island?" Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this.

"Hehe, don't doubt my identity. If I want to lie to you or kill you, I won't waste so much time in vain."

"I know because I have entered Guanghan Island."

"There is a Tibetan scripture pavilion in Guanghan Island, and there is a record of your situation in the Tibetan scripture pavilion." The hated old monster explained to Xiao Yan.

"No wonder." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words, and then stopped talking, waiting for the hated old monster to speak again.

"Although there are records in the Tibetan Scripture Pavilion in Guanghan Island, your body is extremely special."

"I think it's because I swallowed some heaven and earth elixir, and that huge energy blocked the six-star Dou Emperor's life calamity." The hated old monster continued.

"If that's the case, then what should I do?" Xiao Yan saw that what the hated old monster said was similar to his own situation, and immediately believed the words of hated old monster.

"Hey, if you want to crack your weird thing, it's hard to say it's not easy, but it's not easy." Hate the old monster seems to laugh.

"Don't give a shit, just say it." Xiao Yan was a little anxious and hurriedly spoke.

"It's simple."

"Re-transcend the calamity." Hate the old monster is not selling off, and he said it word by word.

"Re-transcend the robbery?"

"Isn't the calamity of the Six-Star Dou Emperor triggered only when the strength reaches the Five-Star Dou Emperor and successfully advances to the Six-Star Dou Emperor?" Xiao Yan was immediately puzzled.

"Six-star Dou Disheng Tribulation is indeed as you said, but you forgot that you did not fail to cross the Tribulation, but were blocked by the powerful medicinal power."

"Moreover, this Moonlight Island has a feng shui treasure that is tailor-made for your situation." After the old hater finished speaking, he suddenly smiled a few times, obviously his voice was full of laughter.

"Where?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words!

If he could attract the Six-Star Dou Emperor to die, Xiao Yan would have absolute confidence to get through it.

"That place is called Life and Death Eryi Spring." The voice of hating the old monster sounded slowly and uneventfully.

"Life and Death Eryiquan?" Xiao Yan heard this, obviously he was quite unfamiliar with this unfamiliar name.

"That's right, it's Life and Death Eryi Spring." Hate the old monster continued.

"This so-called life and death Eryiquan not only strengthens the power of life and death in human beings, but also has some mysterious effects that help evolution."

"Moreover, it will also have indescribable benefits for you to attract the Six-Star Dou Emperor to live and transcend the calamity." The hated old monster said with a nostalgia.

"evolution?"

"How is that possible..." Xiao Yan muttered in a low voice.

Xiao Yan knows that once the power of life and the power of death are born, the quality of the first to ninth ranks largely determines the strength of a cultivator. He has never heard of any magical medicine that can make them evolve!

If it can be purified, even if it has the slightest possibility, I am afraid it will attract the coveting of countless powerhouses!

"Nothing is impossible. After all, this is the relic of the Fairy Moon."

"It is said that Fairy Moonlight's perception of the stars and moonlight has never been compared with anyone else."

"However, the kind of power that can only be mastered by an immortal warrior. For you and me, it is too far away." The old hater said with a nostalgia.

"Where is the Second Yiquan of Life and Death?" Hearing the words so powerfully, he immediately asked with hope in his heart.

"Hehe, that thing is not far from us."

"It's in the base camp of the vicious boss." After saying that, the hated boss suddenly laughed.

"You hate the old monster, are you kidding me?" Xiao Yan immediately frowned when he heard this, full of anger.

"I didn't play tricks on you, that thing is indeed occupied by the vicious old monster."

"And I'm not afraid to tell you, don't say it's you, I'm afraid it's me and the two hated bosses, and they won't necessarily beat the vicious boss." Hate boss said.

"It seems that this is troublesome." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his pupils filled with a deep color, but no matter how difficult it was, Xiao Yan would not give up this opportunity! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: