Chapter Vol 4 1017: Defeat the evil gatekeeper

"No, go back!" Xiao Yi was also aware of the origin-like power on the guard who suddenly woke up, and couldn't help but say.

"Boom!" The two guards were covered in stone fragments, looking extremely solid, even with rock armor, and there was an unusually fierce aura flashing in their pupils, and there would be a trace of evil black from time to time. gas.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Immortal body!" The distance between Xiao Yan and the two stone statues was extremely close. At this time, it was obviously too late to run. Immediately in a hurry, Xiao Yan summoned the immortal body directly, and the golden immortal body directly gave the entire body to Rendered in gold, trying to block some attacks with the help of immortal body.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the two guards just woke up, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan, and then hit Xiao Yan directly with their fists without any waves.

"Damn, what a tyrannical attack." Xiao Yan was lightly hit by the two guards, and he immediately stepped back dozens of steps to stabilize his figure, and the color of the immortal body on his body also became illusory, which was obviously caused by the injury and attack. .

"Everyone, be careful, these two guys are very strong."

"I am afraid that the strength is comparable to the powerhouse of the eight-star Dou Di level." Xiao Yan said.

"Give me one of them."

"Although the enchantment here limits my power, it's okay to entangle it for a short time." Xiao Yi laughed at the side.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately agreed.

"The other one, leave it to us."

"Let's do it, make a quick decision." Mu Tianyuan also nodded and said, he knew that the Holy Flame could not be dragged out, otherwise it would be troublesome to attract the powerhouses of other super sects.

And just when the few people were just about to start, some figures suddenly appeared in a very hidden place in the forest.

"Brother, are we going to take action?" asked the three-day Zhong Tianhong on the side.

"These two guards should be affected by the aura of the alien race, we are not in a hurry."

"Let Fenxiang Pavilion suffer first and then talk about it."

"In the Hall of Holy Flames, there are not only holy flames, but also other things. Where is the real decisive battle ground." After Datian Zhongtiangan finished speaking, he concealed slightly with the aura of a few people.

"Boom!" Although the two stone figures were extremely powerful, they had no wisdom at all. It seemed that they could only rely on the tyranny of their bodies to launch a series of attacks.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan continued to deal with the stone statue, but found that the guards of the stone statue became stronger and stronger with the passage of time, and the pupils also flashed a trace of evil black energy. , terribly weird.

"I'm afraid these two stone statues are not that simple." Yan Chi, who was quietly watching the battle, suddenly shook his head and said.

"Be careful!" In the next moment, the two stone figures were attacking viciously one after another. They attacked the crowd directly at their fingertips, and their strength was no less than that of the eight-star Dou Di powerhouse.

"Retreat!" Seeing such a powerful attack, not only Xiao Yi but also Xiao Yan knew that strong support was not the way to go, so they immediately ran and kept dealing with him.

"Holy flame..." The next moment, the twenty-three-colored flames in Xiao Yi's body squirmed slightly, and even the khaki holy flame on Xiao Yan's body and the azure holy flame on Mu Yingying's body emerged without warning.

"The two guards of the stone statues are probably also eroded by the aura of the evil clan outside the realm." At this time, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"In that case..."

"The power of holy flame!" When he saw that the only remaining gray in the pupils of the two stone figures was replaced by black energy, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and a khaki flame suddenly emerged, wrapping the space tightly!

"Weng Om!" With the appearance of Xiao Yan's holy flame power, black qi appeared on the body of the two stone figures, obviously extremely afraid of Xiao Yan's flame.

"Shabu Shabu!" When the pupils of the two stone figures turned black, their auras also underwent earth-shaking changes, and with the help of their skyrocketing speed and strength, they roared away directly at Xiao Yan.

Because of their intuition, they knew that the flame on Xiao Yan's body was enough to kill them, so they chose Xiao Yan as the primary target to kill without hesitation.

"Death to me!" And Xiao Yi on the side also slowly wrapped his fist with twenty-three-colored flames, and then the figure rioted, flashing in front of a stone figure in an instant, and slammed it with a heavy punch!

"Bang bang bang!" With such a powerful blow from Xiao Yi, the rocks on a stone figure were shattered, apparently causing fatal injuries.

But the next moment, the broken rock fragments scattered on the ground actually condensed towards the body of the statue after the black gas appeared on the statue.

"Big brother, Sheng Yan!" At this time, Xiao Yi also shouted loudly. He knew that the stone statue was trying to condense rocks for defense, but Xiao Yi would not give it this chance.

"Holy Yan, go!" Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi had a very strong tacit understanding, so even if Xiao Yi didn't need to say it, Xiao Yan knew what to do.

The khaki flame was like a deadly bullet, directly attacking the injured stone statue with its fiery temperature and the power to purify evil.

"Weng Om Om!" And under the attack of Xiao Yan's powerful holy flame, UUkanshu www.uukanshu.com even faintly emitted a faint aura of pleading for mercy.

"It's too late!" Xiao Yan naturally ignored it, and kept increasing the strength of the holy flame, as if the injured stone statue was actually burned to the ground.

At this time, the injured stone figure had only a few rocks on his body, but the whole body was filled with the power of Xiao Yan's holy flame, which was quite miserable.

"It doesn't seem to be enough..." Mu Tianyuan looked at the injured stone statue figure who fell into the disadvantage, and said slowly, because based on perception, although Xiao Yan's holy flame power is not weak, the power of this stone statue figure should not be underestimated.

"And me!" And just when Xiao Yan frowned, an azure flame suddenly joined in.

"Crash!" And with the power of the khaki and azure two holy flames, the injured stone statue suddenly had a trace of fear in the pupils, and even the black aura in the pupils was also captured by the two flowers. The power of holy flame is slowly purifying.

"Break it for me!" The next moment, Xiao Yan felt the addition of Mu Yingying's holy flame power, and immediately strengthened the transmission of his holy flame power, and then suddenly drank it.

As soon as the voice fell, the injured stone statue banged a few times and turned into powder!

And with the complete obliteration of a stone figure, Xiao Yan and the others also turned their attention to the other, but before Xiao Yan and the others were ready, the other disappeared in an instant. , calm down slowly.

At the same time, the tightly closed door of the Holy Flame Hall quietly opened.

.. m.