Chapter 435: Poisonous!

"damn it!"

"The nine-star Dou Emperor's reputation really lives up to its reputation." Bing Xin wiped the blood from the corner of her mouth, and then spoke slightly.

Just now, Master Lu had been attacking. Although the attack was only a slight means, it caused a lot of pressure on Bing Xin.

After all, this Master Lu is not only a forging master of the ninth rank of Emperor rank, but also a Dou Emperor powerhouse whose strength is comparable to that of the Nine Star Dou Emperor Rank 5. For Bing Xin, it is really too tricky!

"No, I can't spend it like this... Otherwise, the things on my body will fall into their hands sooner or later!" Bing Xin raised her forehead, glanced into the distance, and slowly muttered to herself.

"It seems that he can only use poison to block his vision and retreat first... But I don't know if he will be fooled..." Bing Xin's pupils beat rapidly, and then a very light jade bottle appeared in her palm.

The jade bottle is extremely small and transparent, but the green viscous liquid inside can be seen from the outside!

"Little baby, give up your resistance, as long as you hand over your things, I will naturally not embarrass you." Master Lu said with a smile.

"Dream!" Bing Xin rolled her eyes, and then the fighting qi in her body tumbled very fast.

Looking at the appearance, it is obvious that he is preparing to perform some terrifying fighting skills.

"Are you ready to go all out..." Zhu Lao was under the rock next to him, closely watching the battle situation. Once there was any change in the battle situation, Zhu Lao would take action as soon as possible, so that the fire qidan would fall into the correct place. own hands.

When the time comes, the real Fighting Immortal will be just around the corner!

"Eight-star Dou Di's consummation is to possess such a majestic Dou Qi, and the people of the Poison Sect are indeed well-deserved..."

"However, that's the end of it." After Master Lu finished speaking, his lazy body and eyes suddenly became solemn, and a black aura of death continued to emanate from his body!

"The sky is full of poison!" Bing Xin snorted coldly, and at the same time, an extremely huge green fighting qi burst out from the body!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After the green battle qi burst out, instead of attacking the direction of Master Lu for the first time, he directly swallowed the jade bottle in his hand, and then rushed straight into the sky!

After the jade bottle was devoured by Bing Xin's green vindictive energy, the jade bottle shattered instantly, but the viscous green liquid surprisingly did not disperse.

"What is she doing..." In a dark corner, Kendama stared blankly at Bing Xin, wondering why she gave up such a good opportunity to attack Master Lu.

"Haha, this Bingxin is indeed the mainstay of the Poison Sect!" Jian Wuqing couldn't help but praise him when he saw this.

"Senior brother..." Kendama was just about to speak, but was unexpectedly stopped by his brother Jian Rui.

"Look at it... You will learn a little bit later."

"Battle is important, but life is more important."

"Although this Bing Xin is a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, but against this Master Lu's Nine-Star Dou Emperor-level strength, there is no doubt that he has no chance of winning!"

"So for now, the only plan is to escape far away. Otherwise, whether it is the fire unicorn on Bing Xin's body or his own life, it will be at stake." Jian Wuqing explained.

"You poisonous fighting qi, compared to your poisonous sect master, you are not too stubborn, you are really a terrifying little guy." Master Lu said slightly.

As soon as Master Lu finished speaking, a strong aura appeared instantly, and then his pupils shrank tightly, and he suddenly waved towards the green Dou Qi that was evading toward the sky!

Although I don't know why, I told Master Lu intuitively that the viscous liquid contained in this green fighting qi was a deadly threat to him, so Master Lu would definitely not let the liquid spread.

With a palm wave!

The terrifying black aura of death instantly poured out along with the huge energy handprint, and then confronted the green grudge!

"Boom boom boom!" The two collided abruptly and defenselessly!

"You've been fooled!" In Bing Xin's beautiful eyes, the worry that she had just activated her green grudge to go towards the sky turned into the joy now!

The reason why Bing Xin directed her attack towards the sky was because of her green fighting spirit!

The viscous liquid in the jade bottle is a kind of poison called Poison Mantian!

Under the protection of green fighting qi, this kind of poison is no different from ordinary water, but the poison in the sky contains extremely terrifying poison!

And this kind of poison, once attacked by other powers, will instantly swell up, and then turn into countless poisonous smoke and drift away!

Here is Bingxin's backhand!

Such terrifying poisonous smog, even Master Lu, who was as strong as the Nine-Star Dou Di, dared not underestimate him. Immediately, the black death aura and aura instantly attached to his body, forming a huge protective cover to surround him.

"No!" Master Lu regretted it the next moment. How could he know that Bingxin's poisonous poison had such a terrifying effect.

"Bang Bang Bang!" With Master Lu's terrifying attack, the green Dou Qi was instantly wiped out, and then the viscous liquid in the green Dou Qi suddenly exploded at a speed visible to the naked eye.

With the explosion of the viscous liquid, the entire rock trail turned green!

The air is filled with deadly poison!

"What a terrifying poisonous gas..." Kendama murmured.

"Let's go!" Jian Wuqing saw this, without hesitation, pulling Kendama is a 100-meter sprint!

If such a terrifying poisonous gas entered their bodies, the fate would be indescribable, so Jian Wuqing did not hesitate too much, and directly pulled Kendama away from here!

Master Lu of the Nine-Star Dou Di level is here. If they want to take away the Fire Qi Pill, it is more difficult than ascending to the sky, so they simply give up and leave here.

"Haha, have the two little guys from Wanjianmen left..." Under the rocks on the side Old Zhu whispered.

Just after Mr. Zhu finished speaking, he was covered with a black cloak, covering his entire body, only revealing a pair of exhausted eyes!

At this time, Old Bamboo's body was slowly protected by black and white fighting qi. No matter how powerful the green poisonous qi in the sky was, it couldn't touch Old Bamboo in the slightest. Dou Qi is a terror with the power of life and death added to the original thunder attribute!

"Master Lu, you will change if you are late!" Chen Xin on the side said eagerly.

The price he paid for this Master Lu's call was quite expensive, so he was bound to win this Fire Qidan!

"To shut up!"

"I know!" Master Lu was suddenly shocked and shouted angrily.

He was a dignified nine-star Dou-Emperor-level powerhouse, and he couldn't help but feel anger in his heart when he was turned around by this Bingxin 8-star Dou-Emperor's perfect little doll.

"Little baby, you have exhausted my patience."

"Hand over the Fire Qidan, or else I'll let you know the power of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor!" Master Lu shouted angrily, and the huge Nine-Star Dou Emperor's aura instantly spread out.

"Then it depends on whether you have that ability." Bing Xin heard the words, and her figure was instantly hidden in the green poisonous gas!

This poison filled the sky and the poison turned the dozens of miles they were in into a dead zone full of green poisonous gas, and Bing Xin also used this green poisonous gas very well to hide her figure.

Ask for tickets!