Chapter 544: Wake up, the last member of the Tianmuyu clan!

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the aura all over his body suddenly soared to the extreme, and then he gently took the snake jade in his palm, and suddenly a soft feeling came, but at this time Xiao Yan couldn't care so much.

The next moment, Xiao Yan held the snake jade in his left hand, there seemed to be something on his right hand, and the speed increased to the extreme, and then flew towards the Sanye Xianlan.

"He... what is this for?" Snake Spirit was slightly surprised, obviously puzzled by Xiao Yan's actions.

"I think he should have discovered the reason why the snake jade has been in a coma." The octopus monster said slightly.

"I hope she's all right, so that I can know more!" After the snake spirit finished speaking, the breath was bursting, and the fighting qi was constantly gathering in all directions, so as to isolate the lake here, but at this time Snake Spirit, there is already a lot of sweat on his forehead.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Apparently, the five minutes she just said to Xiao Yan should be her limit.

After Sanye Xianlan gave Xiao Yan only the power of the horse, she also withdrew her power, and immediately returned to a dark color, like a normal plant.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's speed was extremely fast, and within a few breaths, he came directly to a place that was five meters away from Sanye Xianlan.

Coming here, Xiao Yan came to a sudden stop.

Xiao Yan guessed that the attack range of the three-leaf celestial orchid should be five meters away, so this is a bold guess!

"It seems that I guessed correctly." Xiao Yan's frowning brows suddenly loosened, and he slowly took a breath.

"His grandmother, why are you in such a hurry!" The next moment, the conch outside Snake Jade's throat suddenly radiated a dazzling light, and that feeling seemed to be extremely eager for Sanye Xianlan!

"The power of this Sanye Xianlan, I am afraid that even the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di are not enough to support its blow, so... it can only be outwitted." Xiao Yan thought slowly, naturally he did not give up on this Sanye Xianlan.

After all, wouldn't it be a pity if you couldn't get the things in front of you?

"Separation technique!"

"Yes!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly thought of something, and then he meditated silently, and bright and pure Dou Qi continued to emerge from the body, and immediately turned into a figure just like Xiao Yan in front of him!

"Enough, even though this clone's strength is only complete with the Three Star Dou Di." Xiao Yan nodded in satisfaction.

"Go!" The next moment, Xiao Yan said suddenly.

The voice just fell. The clone was like a corpse, blasting away at the three-leaf celestial orchid!

That terrifying speed has brought a lot of water waves here!

"Sisi!" The three-colored rays of light on Sanye Xianlan's body were even brighter this time, obviously because this human being didn't know what to do, she had just let him go, why did he come back!

"Boom boom boom!" The green leaf at the bottom of Sanye Xianlan suddenly burst out with a slightly mysterious green light, and then it dimmed!

"Bang bang bang!" With a loud noise, Xiao Yan's clone turned into powder!

Just when the mysterious green light was about to attack Xiao Yan's avatar, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly shrank tightly, and then a similar green light appeared in Xiao Yan's palm.

This green light, although small, is extremely bright, and the energy contained in it is probably no weaker than some ninth-grade medicinal herbs.

"You're done!" Xiao Yan clapped his hands.

"Hold it." Xiao Yan crossed his left and right hands, and immediately poured the green light in his hand into the sound of the sea conch!

"Boom boom boom!" With the injection of the power of the dazzling three-leaf celestial orchid, the conch made a rather pleasant sound, and then a stream of extremely pure power continued to emerge from the conch!

At this time, the conch has also undergone some changes!

Originally an irregular conch, now it is slowly changing its shape with the injection of green power!

After a while, the conch has turned into an arc, like jade, one end of the arc conch is small and sharp, and the other end is very wide.

"Huhuhu!" Just when Xiao Yan was surprised, the conch suddenly sounded!

A truly pleasant sound resounded from the bottom of the lake!

With the sound of the conch, Snake Jade's pupils are trying to open, open and close, trying to adapt. As for the Sanye Xianlan, after hearing the sound of the conch, it suddenly emits a very bright light. The level of brilliance is something Xiao Yan has seen in his life. At this time, the entire bottom of the lake is filled with this dazzling light!

"This light..."

"Did that kid succeed?" Snake Xing, who was five hundred meters away, said slightly.

After the snake sentence was finished, he gritted his teeth, his speed exploded, and he went down to the bottom of the lake. This Xiao Yan can't have an accident, and the medicinal pill has not yet arrived in his hands.

If he didn't have that medicinal pill to heal his injuries as soon as possible, I'm afraid the other two spiritual wisdom would not dare to be born.

"Why is there a scent?" Xiao Yan had obviously seen all this, but because he focused on the changes in Snake Jade, he didn't pay too much attention to other places, and only now did he notice some differences.

"This scent actually has a magical effect of refreshing people's minds?" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly took a few breaths, and suddenly found that the fighting qi in his body was indescribably comfortable, and he felt that he had taken some great supplements. Medicine in general!

"The source of this fragrance is actually Sanye Xianlan?" Xiao Yan put his eyes on Sanye Xianlan, and found that the Sanye Xianlan at this time was exuding a bright light, just like the conch on this snake jade.

"Does Tianmuyu have any secrets with Sanye Xianlan?" Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart.

"Be careful This woman is about to wake up. It's not clear whether she is an enemy or a friend." Long Yi's alert voice reminded Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" A circle of fluctuations swept away from the foot of the snake jade, and with the help of which Sanye Xianlan did not know whether it was intentional or unintentional, the snake jade has awakened.

The eyes opened slightly, and then closed again, obviously not accustomed to the bright light here at first.

"Here... where is it?" A milky voice came from the body of an adult woman in Snake Yu.

Snake Jade just woke up, and then his eyes turned slightly, and he could find that there were only Xiao Yan, the snake spirit and the octopus monster here, and there were no others.

"It's good to wake up." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but take a breath.

Immediately, the light of the conch dimmed instantly, and then returned to Xiao Yan's hands.

"Why did this thing end up in my hands? Shouldn't this be the immortal artifact of their Tianmuyu clan?" Xiao Yan also said helplessly, and then slightly held the conch in his palm.

It was different from when Yu Xuan gave it to him at the beginning. The conch was just held in the palm of his hand, and suddenly, a sense of vastness like the ocean swept through the conch.

"Dad, Dad, Dad." Just when Xiao Yan was sensing the conch, the snake jade's rather graceful body suddenly wriggled strangely, and then came to Xiao Yan's side with both hands, holding Xiao Yan's one with both hands. hands, and then said in a milky voice.

"What?" Xiao Yan was confused by the snake jade.

Ask for tickets!