Chapter 685: 3 big powerhouses gather!

"How is the situation?" Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi both appeared at the entrance of the three mountain ranges from the periphery of the three mountain ranges.

"Or not."

"I have carefully checked the entrance here. There is no problem with the entrance, but the passage of the entrance has been changed. We can't get in, and they can't get out." Xiong Yuan carefully checked the entrance in front of him several times. After that, I had no choice but to say something to Mu Xuzi.

"how come?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Isn't it fine before?" Mu Xuzi frowned when he heard this, and asked in doubt.

"It was really good before, you can enter here with three wooden cards, but now it seems that someone has manipulated it, and even if I use other means, I can't enter." Xiong Yuan shook his head and said.

Even if it is as strong as Xiong Yuan, there is nothing that can be done.

"Is there no way?" Mu Xuzi said unwillingly.

"No, this place should have been touched by a strong man among their three major mountain ranges. If he hadn't solved it himself, we wouldn't have been able to solve it." Xiong Yuan said.

"What about forcibly entering?" Mu Xuzi's expression changed and he said slightly.

There are their most outstanding disciples in the Human Palace in the past few years. If they fall like this, I am afraid that Mu Xuzi will feel guilty for a lifetime!

"No, if you forcibly destroy this place, if you accidentally let this space get involved in the turbulent flow of time, then even the strong immortals will not be able to survive." Xiong Yuan denied directly.

"Then what should we do now?" Mu Xuzi was slightly startled when he heard the turbulent flow of time. This thing is something that the strong immortals are afraid of, not to mention their mediocre Dou emperors.

"Wait, you have to trust your disciple." After Xiong Yuan finished speaking, he suddenly laughed.

"Xiao Yan, since you have killed the twin ghost emperors, I hope you are creating a miracle this time!" After Mu Xuzi finished speaking, he closed his eyes and calmed down, but his mind was focused on the entrance. It will be the first time to find out.

"This guy." Xiong Yuan shook his head helplessly, and then he was like Mu Xuzi.

"Boom boom boom!" At this time, the blood-colored vortex on the top of Wuliang Mountain has slowly formed, and then the light and shadow also detached from it.

With the detachment of the entire body of Light and Shadow, Night Cat realized that this guy was actually a creature similar to an elf.

He has a devil-like figure, with a face like a goose egg, his skin that can be broken by a bullet, and the silver-white wings behind him tremble slightly, which is quite unique.

"This woman's aura is a little weird, I'm afraid she is the real master of this Luoling Mountain." Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the dark, said.

"Isn't the master of Luoling Mountain this blond boy?" Mu Yingying was immediately puzzled when she heard the words.

"No, although this blond boy is terrifying, in the final analysis, he is not the real master, and I can feel some indistinct connection with the entire Luoling Mountain from this woman." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"I didn't expect it to be the spirit of Luoling Mountain." Qin Xin glanced at Xiao Yan and spoke immediately.

"The spirit of Luoling Mountain?" Qin Xin said, and Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying suddenly became puzzled at the same time!

"That's right, it's the spirit of Luoling Mountain."

"I have heard from the master for a long time that due to its particularity, Luoling Mountain not only gave birth to dead beasts with demon cores and blood essence, but even gave birth to higher-level creatures."

"The spirit of Luoling Mountain."

"There is only one Spirit of Luoling Mountain in the entire Luoling Mountain. This is the real master."

"The kings of the other three mountain ranges are like ants in front of her," Qinxin said.

"I don't think so. Since this blond boy from Wuliangshan has the courage to summon the spirit of Luolingshan, I'm afraid he has some powerful means. Otherwise, this guy will bring shame on himself." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"Look at it, I also think something is wrong." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she immediately shook her head, and then the three of them turned their attention to the blond child.

However, when the three of them were quiet, the always quiet Xinyan in Xiao Yan suddenly said, "It seems that God is helping me."

"Xiao Yan, this time you are out of physical strength, so you can't blame me."

"If you want to blame it, blame your ancestors Xiao Mu and Fen Jue, and since the incense in this guy's body has not swallowed the real holy flame, he is already trying to swallow me up on his own, so I have to take action."

"Wait, I will definitely succeed this time!"

After Xinyan finished speaking, she submerged directly, but Xintian was slowly accumulating strength.

The traces of flame Dou Qi produced by the burning determination in Xiao Yan's body continued to erode his heart, but they were all blocked, but Xiao Yan didn't notice this scene.

"Is this the spirit of Luoling Mountain..." Night Cat exclaimed slightly.

"Hee hee hee." The woman in the blood-colored vortex just appeared, and the blood-colored vortex immediately disappeared, and then the playful woman laughed directly.

"Be careful!" Seeing this, the golden boy secretly said that it was not good!

This Luoling Mountain is formless and formless, how can it form a woman, it is really strange, but before the blond child wonders, the figure of the spirit woman of Luoling Mountain disappeared in the sky in an instant, and the blood that came with it The cloud also disappeared in an instant.

"Big sister, can you play with me?" A sweet voice slowly sounded from behind Night Cat!

"Not good!" When Ye Cat realized that something was wrong, the figure of the Spirit of Luoling Mountain had already appeared silently a few meters behind Ye Cat!

Night Cat suddenly felt dizzy, as if the power in his body had stopped flowing!

"what……"

"Big sister, what's wrong with you?" The Spirit of Luoling Mountain made a puzzled voice, and then slowly blinked at Night Cat with extremely moving big eyes.

"Cough, cough..." The night cat faced the spirit of Luoling Mountain at this time, and had almost surrendered, but fortunately the next moment, the blond child sent a force directly to the night cat, and then the night cat calmed down.

"Long time no see It seems that you have forgotten me." The blond boy faced the Spirit Dao of Luoling Mountain, his voice was full of hatred!

"I don't remember you, but I know you are a bad person." The Spirit of Luoling Mountain said playfully.

"Hahaha!"

"Bad guy?"

"The weak are good and bad, and the strong are only about winning or losing!" After the blond boy finished speaking, he burst into laughter, and his voice contained extremely strong contempt!

After the two finished speaking, they immediately became deadlocked, because they both knew that someone seemed to be here.

"Someone's here..." Ye Cat suddenly found the space around him shaking violently, and then said slightly.

"You bastard, you actually selfishly summoned the spirit of Luoling Mountain. If you want to seek death, don't pull us!" A dissatisfaction suddenly emanated from the air, and then a giant beast with countless compound eyes slowly descended from the sky!

The terrifying aura around him was extremely terrifying!

"Haha, the giant beast of the sky, your movements are not slow." The blond boy said disapprovingly.

"That guy is here too. I believe he won't miss such a glorious world." The blond boy cast a glance at the giant beast, and immediately looked to the other side.

There, there are circles of water circles, and in the water circle, an extremely huge beast with a colorless halo slowly appeared.

"That is……"

"Five-element beasts?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan, who was hiding on the side, became hot!

Ask for tickets!