Chapter 279: Climb the stone steps!

The bright mountain path, with hundreds of stone steps from the foot of the mountain to the top of the mountain, one step at a time. If you feel it roughly, you can feel that there are many powerful breaths on the top of the mountain. If you look at it, you will find it impressively. There seem to be many figures on the top of the mountain.

On the stone steps, people are constantly walking, and they are trying to climb hard, but without exception, these people are all players who participated in the point grabbing competition this time. In this way, you can choose a satisfactory sect, join it, and learn a skill.

A man with a heavy ruler on his back also walked slowly. Behind him, Mu Yingying, Yueru and Mu Feng followed closely.

"Speaking of which, where are the seniors of the Nine Souls Stele and the Skyfire Sacred Tiger?" Yueru also found something and asked.

"Senior Nine Soul Monument went to look for the lost twin ghost emperor's soul. As for Tianhuo Shenghu, he left to experience it." Mu Yingying also said slightly.

Xiao Yan was not surprised when he heard this. After all, Xiao Yan had already expected these things.

As for the leaders of Chang Yu and Wu Jiang, they disappeared after entrusting Xiao Yan and them with some things. Obviously, they ended the point grabbing competition and went back.

It's just that Xiao Yan felt that the Holy Fire Tiger was quite strange that day, and the flame power in his body was also quite powerful, but no matter what Xiao Yan was, the Holy Fire Tiger ignored him that day, and only the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body could make her. He is willing to serve, as for Xiao Yan's words, Tianhuo Shenghu treats him like a fool.

This also makes Xiao Yan quite puzzled. The flame in his body is a different fire, and the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body is powerful, but according to Xiao Yan's perception, it is not a holy flame, at most it is a different fire than himself. more powerful.

Otherwise, if Xiao Yan can subdue this Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, it will be a great help, but I know Xiao Yan, this kind of thing cannot be forced.

As for Xiao Yi, since he woke up, except when he was possessed by Xiao Yan, he would be attached to Xiao Yan's body. Normally, he would not be able to return the Najing in Xiao Yan's body.

Because at this time Xiao Yi was already looking like a young man, and would never go to the former Fire Spirit again.

But this is also a good thing. After all, the current Xiao Yi has also grown into a young man, and has the strength of the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

Xiao Yan was also quite happy about this, but Xiao Yan lowered his hidden strength to the level of a five-star fighting emperor, and then followed him.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan said slowly, then walked away on the stone steps.

"By the way, Xiao Yan, you want to join that sect..."

"As far as I know, the Xuanling royal family and Solomon have a bad reputation..." Mu Feng also said.

"If nothing else happens..."

"Fenxiang Pavilion." Xiao Yan said lightly, and he didn't look back after speaking, and strode away towards the stone steps.

"Fenxiang Pavilion..." Mu Yingying bit her lips, and then murmured, as if she was thinking about something.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The group of five also walked towards the top of the mountain. When passers-by saw Xiao Yan, they also smiled at Xiao Yan. Obviously, if there was no Xiao Yan in this point grabbing competition, then they would not be able to have today.

On the top of the mountain, surrounded by clouds and smoke, dozens of terrifying breaths also spread from the top of the mountain.

With the news from the Yin Corpse Forest, the senior leaders of the nine super sects were also furious and wanted to send strong men to deal with the twin ghost emperors, but there were few strong men above Dou Xian in the sect, and some of them also entered. Retreat, but Emperor Dou's strength can't break the prohibition of Infernal Corpse Forest, so he had no choice but to do it immediately.

However, as news came, a boy named Xiao Yan, with the blessing of the fighting qi of the three seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, fought against the injured twin ghost emperors and killed the twin ghost emperors!

This kind of record, even if it is placed in Xuan Santian, where the powerhouse is like a cloud, is enough to shake the Quartet.

That was a twin ghost emperor at the eighth-rank ghost emperor level, comparable to a human eight-star fighting emperor, but he was actually killed by an unknown boy. It was a joke by others.

"Haha, that kid is already at the foot of the mountain, everyone." A middle-aged man with a full face also laughed.

"Listening to the rumors from Changyu, you and Wu Jiang, many people in this point-grabbing competition have made outstanding performances, and they are some good seedlings." Qi then said to a man in a red robe beside him.

"Indeed." The red-robed man also laughed.

"Having said that, I just don't know who the top ten talented newcomers will fly down this time..." said a burly man.

"Hey, I don't know if your Burning Incense Pavilion will be as unattended as last time." A thin middle-aged man slowly said to a figure in a red robe.

"The twelfth envoy of Solomon, don't go too far!" Wasn't the one leading the leader the same Chang Yu that Xiao Yan had seen before?

"Hey, don't be angry, just tell the truth." The thin man also said slowly.

"Humph!"

"Don't think that everyone will join your sect just because of your little advantage." Chang Yu also said angrily.

"That's why I don't have to worry about the deputy pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion." The thin man said.

"Humph!"

"Is the twelfth-ranked Solomon watchdog worthy of yelling at me?"

"It is better to let your first three sect masters come, so that you are qualified to compete with me." Chang Yu also said relentlessly.

"You!" The skinny man known as Solomon's Twelfth Sect Master also had a very strange expression on his face.

This Chang Yu is really hateful, actually humiliating him in front of the nine super sects!

If it wasn't for his strength only in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, he would definitely fight against this Chang Yu!

However, he had no choice but to clench his fists and shook his head slightly.

"Hehe, don't quarrel, today is not here to quarrel." Above the main seat, there is this elegant figure, whose figure later carries two swords, whose color is as crystal clear as jade.

Seeing the person in charge of Wanjian Sect speak, Solomon's twelfth Sect Master and Chang Yu also stopped arguing.

Because the strength of the one in front of him is comparable to that of the twin ghost emperors, everyone will not easily offend him.

More importantly, this Wanjianmen is the head of the nine super sects!

Because there are too many sects in the Xuantian three days, every ten years, a sect competition will be held. The purpose is to test the mainstay of each sect, but it is actually a competition between these sects. , because the Xuanling royal family only allowed nine super sects within the Xuantian three days, and the others could be regarded as small sects.

After all, these nine super sects live alone in nine mountains with extremely strong imperial energy, so this is the reason why there are only nine super sects.

Survival of the fittest, if the sects ranked in the nine super sects do not absorb some fresh blood and thus cultivate some outstanding disciples, the status of the super sects will also be lost.

However, the sect competition held every ten years is basically a contest between the younger generation of the nine super sects and the Xuanling royal family, and other forces rarely appear.

After careful calculation, there are still eight years left until the 10-year sect competition.

Ask for tickets!