Chapter Vol 4 1237: Dragon God's first transformation is successful!

When time passes, it is a year.

During this year, Xiao Yan stayed quietly in the blood pool, one was to absorb the refining fighting spirit, and the other was to slowly absorb the dragon's blood, so as to improve his physical strength, thus creating the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God. lay the foundation for practice.

"This guy is really calm, it's been a year." On the first floor, the place where Ghost Soul was imprisoned, Ghost Soul couldn't help but said.

During this year, he and the Soul Eater were both standing in the first-layer sealed land. Although they also visited Xiao Yan in the blood pool during the period, they did not bother too much when they saw Xiao Yan's appearance. The level of retreat, if disturbed by outsiders, it is easy to hurt the source.

During this year, Ghost Soul and Soul Eater discussed a lot of things. Among them, Ghost Soul's strength, which had just been promoted to the Six-Star Fighting Fairy, was also under the guidance of Soul Eater Master.

"Hehe, this matter can't be rushed."

"The time required to devour the fighting soul is short, but his physical strength is a bit low. Although he has the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal, the time required will naturally not be short, not to mention the need to cultivate Dragon God Nine after strengthening his body. Change." The Lord of Soul Eater said with a free and easy smile, although he desperately wanted to recover to the peak and find the Lord of Li Soul for revenge, but it has been so long, and he is not in a hurry.

"Dragon God Nine Changes..."

"Sir Xiao Yan's strength and luck are very good, otherwise this Dragon God will change, but even the Lord..." The ghost son seemed to remember something, but he stopped abruptly when he said it.

"Humph." The Soul Eater snorted coldly when he heard the words.

When he was young, he once challenged the Dragon Clan powerhouses. Although he was not the Golden Dragon King, he was also the overlord of the Dragon Clan. He also practiced the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God. It was the use of many means of the Soul Eater Talisman, and it was also defeated, which undoubtedly made the Lord of Soul Eater always haunted.

"Okay, stop talking nonsense, take the time to control what I taught you, and when we leave, you can also break through the seal on your own." After the Master of Soul Eater finished, the ghostly body hidden under the seal. , is also just around the corner.

On the fifth floor of Icefire Island, in the blood pool.

"Gulugulu." At this time, Xiao Yan was filled with an extremely tyrannical aura, as if he could deal with the powerhouses of the same level with just one punch and one kick from his body.

"The last drop." In the next moment, Xiao Yan, whose eyes were locked, slowly relaxed, and there was a rather rich drop of fiery red dragon blood on his chest.

"Crash!" As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, a frantic suction force emanated from his body, directly sucking the dragon's blood away.

After the dragon's blood was inhaled by Xiao Yan's body, it was a perfect fusion within a moment. At this point, the blood of the earth dragon in the earth dragon blood crystal poured into Xiao Yan's body without a trace.

"Bang bang bang!" After doing all this, Xiao Yan got up slightly and left the blood pond, and then looking at his skin that had become swollen due to absorbing the power of the Earth Dragon's blood crystal, he couldn't help but release two punches at will. There was a screeching noise in the air.

Xiao Yan couldn't help but be overjoyed that he was able to reach such a level just by virtue of his physical strength.

You must know that when Xiao Yan was in the Dou Qi Continent, although he had tempered his physical strength many times, he was not completely tempered this time. At this time, although Xiao Yan's physical strength could not be compared with the dragon clan, it was still in the Among the human powerhouses, the physical strength of light is probably enough to be compared with some powerhouses in the late two-star fighting immortal stage!

"Next, it's time to practice the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God." Xiao Yan threw a few punches in satisfaction and said slightly.

"The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God is the supreme martial art fighting skill of the dragon clan. When the nine transformations are used together, the power directly compels the demigods!" At this time, as Xiao Yan absorbed the dragon's blood, the information that recorded the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God also happened. made some subtle changes.

"A demigod?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he noticed this slight change.

Although the Master of Soul Eater didn't tell Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan vaguely knew that in this great world, the God of Fighting was probably also the existence of the phoenix and water chestnut, and anything that could be related to the word "God of Fighting" would be the subject of Respected by countless human beings.

"The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God is a total of nine transformations. Only dragons or beasts with dragon blood can train practitioners." Xiao Yan carefully sensed the cultivation method.

"There seems to be something else here?" Just after Xiao Yan read the news, he suddenly found that something was hidden in the bottom corner.

"If it is a human, you must quench your body with dragon blood before you can cultivate." Several very tiny fonts slowly appeared in the bottom corner. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power, I'm afraid he would never have discovered it.

"The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God...how does it make me feel that it was not created by the strong dragon race?"

"Could it be that it was created by us humans?" Xiao Yan was plagued with questions.

"Forget it, let's talk about the first one of the nine transformations after training." At the next moment, Xiao Yan didn't dare to hesitate too much, after all, it took a lot of time to devour the fighting spirit and absorb the dragon's blood.

"Boom!" The body has just started to operate according to the route recorded by the Nine Changes, and then a touch of coercion like a dragon will slowly diffuse out!

And the source of this permeation turned out to be Xiao Yan!

To be precise, it is above Xiao Yan's body!

"It seems that Dragon Blood Tempering is really useful." Seeing that there was no obstacle, the first transformation of the Dragon God was easily activated, and Xiao Yan's eyes became more and more hot!

The Dragon Clan is a term for physical strength and destruction in the vast world, and the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God can be said to be their root!

So Xiao Yan is quite looking forward to the first transformation of the Dragon God Nine Transformations!

"The first transformation of the Dragon God Nine Transformations!" Not long after, after San became familiar with the operation circuit of the Dragon God Nine Transformations, Xiao Yan made a deep voice, and then a voice like a dragon's roar resounded through the sky!

At the same time, following Xiao Yan's activating the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, a strange power appeared on Xiao Yan's body!

That power does not have any color, nor any form, instead it is somewhat like the power of the Earth Dragon blood crystal that has just refined and tempered its own body!

And with the display of the first transformation of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, Xiao Yan's physical strength actually skyrocketed.

"Tsk tsk... This first transformation of the Dragon God was originally made by the tempering of the dragon's blood to greatly improve the physical strength and defense!"

"Hey, at this time, I am afraid that I will not lose to any two-star fighting immortals in melee combat just by virtue of the augmentation of the first transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Even a powerhouse with a complete two-star fighting immortal!" A rare smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

It was only now that Xiao Yan, who had learned the first transformation of the Dragon God Nine Transformations, realized the tyranny of the Dragon God Nine Transformations!

Xiao Yan didn't dare to imagine that the increase brought about by the first change was so tyrannical. If the nine changes were to happen at the same time, I'm afraid it would directly force the peak of this Great Thousand World.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Updated 12/14/16/17/18