Chapter Vol 4 2015: The 25th evil tool, the blood lock of the corpse! ...

"Boom!" In the Senluo Hell on the first floor of the ancient prison, the battle between the Blood King Mo and Liu Hao was inextricable.

On the other side, in the Holy Land.

"What's going on?" After a while, Xun'er, Gu Yuan, and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor woke up one after another. They felt the deafening sound from the outside world and couldn't help but cast their eyes towards Xiao Yan.

It seems that the division of labor among the four was the first to wake up Xiao Yan. Today's Xiao Yan has successfully integrated the five holy flames. It is still called the Amber Rock Soul Fire, but his strength has not broken through the late stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals. It's just that he has risen to the peak of the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Xian, and he is still one step away from consummation, but the aura on Xiao Yan's body is not the same as before.

"It's Liu Hao's breath."

"Looking in this direction, it should be in the first floor of the ancient prison, Senluo Hell. Could it be that this guy directly challenged the king of the evil race from outside the territory?" Xiao Yan nodded slightly.

"The blood of the snake and scorpion has been completely destroyed in my hands. According to the information I have obtained, the ancient clan is now ruled by two powerful men from outside the king-level domain, who rule the ancient prison and the ancient clan's core respectively."

"The king who rules the ancient prison is called the Blood King Mo, the eight-star fighting immortal is complete, and he controls the evil equipment. Conspiracy against the entire Douyun Continent."

"As for the core of the ancient clan, Snake Xue'er knows very little information, only knowing that the two kings seem to be deadly enemies, and they are hostile to each other. The last trace of aura was purified and disappeared, and he said immediately, with a rare heaviness in his voice.

"Apart from the three giants in the ancient prison, are there other eight-star fighting immortal-level powerhouses?" The Peerless Heavenly Emperor seemed to remember something and couldn't help but ask.

"There are a few more, but a few of us can handle it." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Since that's the case, let's set off for the ancient prison. Only by liberating the ancient prison can we have a bit of strength to go to the core of the ancient clan to find out."

"By the way, although Liu Hao is narrow-minded and autistic by nature, as a child of light, he must help him when necessary." Peerless Heavenly Emperor worried that Xun'er would be somewhat resistant to this guy, and hurriedly said.

"Let's see the situation." Xun'er raised her eyebrows and immediately took Xiao Yan's arm, preparing to head towards the ancient prison.

"Hey, I hope nothing will happen this time." As soon as the voice fell, the four of them quietly walked towards the ancient prison. On the other hand, the core of the ancient clan was extremely quiet, and there was no movement at all.

"Crash!" At the same time, in the entire ancient prison Senluo hell, there are thousands of feet of scarlet blood light, like lightning shackles, which are extra evil spirits that pave the way for the entire hell.

Above the sky, Liu Hao's body trembled slightly, and even on the wings that were engraved with angel soul shadows, traces of embarrassment appeared. Obviously, in the previous fight, he had always been at a disadvantage. The evil power of his has a Tianke-like suppression, and I am afraid that his end will be even more miserable.

After all, it is still too reluctant. Although Liu Hao is a child of light, his own strength is too weak. He is only at the level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals. After using Angel Wings, his strength is only comparable to that of ordinary Eight Stars. The throne of the king is naturally quite difficult, but he will naturally not care about these things because he is eager to make contributions.

"Susu."

"The Holy See's dignified Son of Light is nothing more than that." An arrogant and uninhibited cold snort, like a thunderous sound, was transmitted throughout the hell.

"Sacrifice tools!"

"Yin Corpse Blood Chain!" Seeing that the light of the angel's wings on Liu Hao's body dimmed slightly, the Blood King Mo did not give him any chance to breathe. Chain, file out.

"Guru."

"The twenty-fifth evil tool among the foreign evil races, the corpse blood lock... It is said that this thing is an evil thing that is enough to bind the eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse. The extraction is clean..." Looking at the tyrannical posture of the Blood King Mo, when his eyes fixed on the scarlet chain, Liu Hao's pressure increased greatly, and an extremely dignified depression made his breathing slow down.

"Child of Light Divine Mark!"

"Angel Soul Shadow, come!" Seeing such a terrifying blow, Liu Hao's body suddenly shook, and immediately between his eyebrows, a sacred and inviolable light pattern, like a dancing elf of light, danced!

That is the source of the power of the Son of Light, and it is also one of its greatest credentials. With its power, it is enough to truly destroy and kill the evil race outside the territory!

"Where there is light, there will be darkness. Light and darkness are in the hearts of the people. Who can tell who is right and who is wrong?"

"Hand over the divine rune of the Son of Light to this king, let's fall here completely!" A frantic laughter emerged, and then the blood-wrapped palm of the Blood King Mo slowly rose up, and slapped Liu Hao abruptly!

"Buzz buzz!" At that time, the void burst, and countless milky white rays of light wrapped around the angel's wings, and Liu Hao's forehead was transformed into a rather small angel's soul shadow, dancing gracefully in front of his chest.

Angel Soul Shadow looks like a young woman, and her graceful figure is covered with countless light patterns. Every time she dances, the evil aura in the entire Senluo **** will disappear a lot, and the power contained in it can be punished by the world!

That is the soul shadow of the highest blood angel from the kingdom of angels, and it is the soul shadow of the supremely bright aura!

"Pfft!" The blood king Mo had just finished the action, and the evil blood locks on the blood shadows all over his body shook rapidly, and the voices of countless scarlet and wailing resentful spirits spread out, and immediately turned into a huge blood lock cage. Hao is completely restrained and suppressed here!

Once his skin is eroded by this evil tool, Liu Hao may not escape bad luck.

"Dong, dong, dong!" The touch of the angel's soul shadow and the evil blood lock caused an uproar in this Senluo hell. Countless earth and rocks rose from the ground, and layers of rare blood-colored storms emerged from the center of the battle. spread out.

Light and blood energy instantly stalemate, and countless huge suction forces made them unable to move for a while.

"Sure enough, he's a ruthless character, but I won't let you grow like this!"

"Since you dare to break into my evil prison alone, then you must have the consciousness of death!"

"Evil explosion!" An evil sound rang out, and the void in the center of the battle suddenly trembled, and the blood-colored evil locks that were constantly fighting in the blood-colored storm suddenly shrank, and in the blink of an eye, they exploded like a heart.

"Boom boom boom!" The icy **** suffocating suffocated in the air like a tide, and the angel's soul shadow, which was originally deadlocked with the blood-colored evil lock, shook suddenly, with a trace of conspicuous cracks constantly appearing in the air. surfaced on it.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Liu Hao felt a tightness in his chest, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Bastard!!!" Looking at the **** evil spirit rapidly spreading in the blood-colored storm, Angel Soul Shadow did not support it for a long time, but was completely submerged by it. At this moment, in Liu Hao's heart, Fang Meng had a hint of fear, even Another soul in the body is also slowly touched, and there are signs of emerging!

That is the archangel of the kingdom of angels, the slaughtering soul of Lucifer who controls the killing, and it is the last trump card bestowed upon him by the identity of the Son of Light!

Once the slaughter is done, all things are annihilated!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: