Chapter Vol 4 998: 7-star Doudi mid-term

"Finally okay?" Xiao Yan stared at the dead blood ghost liquid in his hand, and couldn't help but burst into ecstasy in his pupils.

A day passed, and the black and white dead blood ghost liquid beads also revealed their original appearance.

The original dead blood ghost liquid was surrounded by a circle of extremely dark ghost qi. Through this strange ghost qi, the **** inside was completely blocked. However, as Xiao Yan mobilized the ghosts in the blood river pool. Qi entered the dead blood ghost liquid, and suddenly the outermost ghost gas was like a deflated balloon, rapidly dissolving.

"This is the real dead blood ghost liquid..." Xiao Yan said excitedly while holding the whole body Angelica bead in his palm.

At this time, circles of dazzling power continued to emerge from Bai Zhi's beads. This power made Xiao Yan couldn't help but be amazed. The power of death!

"Success and failure, right now!"

"Come on!" Xiao Yan said with a free and easy smile.

As soon as he finished speaking, his palm lifted slightly, and the whole body Angelica bead was pushed directly into his mouth by Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" Bai Zhi's dead blood ghost liquid just poured into Xiao Yan's mouth, and suddenly an almost crazy force suddenly burst out. That feeling made Xiao Yan feel like he was facing a great enemy, and he couldn't help shaking his body. .

"Since it entered my mouth, where is the reason for you to run away?" Xiao Yan, the strong man endured the dead blood ghost liquid and burst out extremely tyrannical resistance, said.

And as Xiao Yan's thoughts just fell, suddenly Xiao Yan's body, the immortal body was released, and the whole body showed a golden light, the earthy yellow holy flame wrapped the whole body, plus the huge soul power and spiritual power, in the four Under the common pressure of Xiao Yan, that **** ghost liquid was extremely unwilling to be suppressed by Xiao Yan.

"Guru." With a sound, Xiao swallowed the blood of the dead blood.

And as Baizhi Dead Blood Ghost Liquid entered the body, all the limbs and bones in Xiao Yan's body seemed to be opened, and a steady stream of huge power suddenly burst out.

"Weng buzzing!" And the white-colored dead blood ghost liquid seemed to know that he was being swallowed and refined by Xiao Yan, and resisted frantically, trying to break free, but Xiao Yan had so many methods to allow the dead blood ghost liquid to escape. Powerful, and without a trace of vitality.

"Huhuhu!" A trace of Baizhi's power continued to emerge from Xiao Yan's limbs and bones, and Xiao Yan suddenly felt that the power of life hidden in his body that was never invoked by himself was actually going crazy at this moment!

And Xiao Yan's fiery beast, who had been sleeping in the Dou Qi Sea, also slowly opened its pupils and watched vigilantly at the white energy containing the power of death pouring into the Dou Qi Sea.

"This guy seems to be the one who sensed the power of death is not good..." Xiao Yan also said quite amusingly.

For some reason, the Dou Qi in his Dou Qi Sea turned into a fiery beast, but facing this kind of fiery beast, Xiao Yan had only a limited understanding of it, and there was no way to take it.

"Roar!" In the Dou Qi Sea, the sealed Douhe stood silently beside him, and Sheng Yanjing also lay silently beside him, only this fiery beast with more than 23 kinds of flames all over his body, facing Baizhi's power He roared slowly, and from that voice, it could be seen that there was a bit of hatred.

"Little guy, this is the power of death. I must join my fighting spirit in order to be born with the power of death."

"Now that you have eaten all the Dou Qi in my body, this thing can only be eaten by you." Xiao Yan thought about it and thought that the flame beast ate the Dou Qi in the Dou Qi Sea, so he said.

"Hoohoho!" Seemingly feeling Xiao Yan's intention, the flaming beast roared a few times in the depths of Xiao Yan's mind, as if to say, "This thing is too unpalatable, I won't eat it!"

"You're a picky eater?" Xiao Yan was anxious, if this flaming beast didn't devour Bai Zhi's power of death, then what he had done these few days would probably be a waste of effort.

"Stop talking nonsense!"

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan roared when he saw that he was too soft, raising his voice a few bells.

"Hoohoho!" The flame beast felt Xiao Yan's anger, and immediately roared a few times in resistance, seeing that Xiao Yan had no intention of repenting, and then did not dare to disobey Xiao Yan, and was extremely reluctant. When he walked to the side of the white death force, he looked like he had no love for life.

"Speaking of which, the power of death is really strange. The normal power of life is white, but the power of death is black. Why is the pure power of death in this **** ghost liquid actually white?"

"Could it be because the ghost world is prosperous here?" Xiao Yan asked suspiciously.

"Hey, this little guy is interesting."

"The human battle qi sea has formed the heaven and earth spiritual things, and this guy's battle qi sea may have existed as many as dozens of heaven and earth strange things."

"I remember this situation. There aren't many people in the entire world, right?"

"In the future, if this flaming beast can be completely transformed into a human figure when it breaks through to Dou Xian, I am afraid that those guys will stand at the peak of this world in the future." And the Master of Soul Eater felt the situation of the flaming beast in Xiao Yan's body. , smiled slightly.

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't know. If he knew, let alone dozens of wonders of heaven and earth, there were twenty-two different fires on the Dou Qi Continent just by talking about them, thus forming Emperor Yan, not to mention other wonders of heaven and earth. thing.

"Why are you standing still?"

"Eat it!" Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring as he felt the fiery beast in the Dou Qi Sea with a lifeless look standing motionless next to the white force of death.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn..."

"I finally got the dead blood ghost liquid, and finally got rid of the ghost in it, you still dislike it?"

"You don't know that putting this thing outside will provoke the jealousy of countless powerhouses." Xiao Yan was directly scolded by the flames.

"Gulugulu!" The flame beast seemed to be extremely spiritual. After being roared one after another by Xiao Yan, he didn't dare to stop. For fear of what Xiao Yan would do to it, he raised his fluffy little palm gently and faced each other in the air. Go away with that white force of death.

The power of death of the four gods and no masters of Bai Zhi was called out by the flaming beast and swept away directly into the body of the flaming beast.

"Shabu!" In just a few breaths, the power of death of Baizhi was swallowed by the beast of flames.

The flame beast was surrounded by twenty-three kinds of flames, and with the influx of the power of death, it did not cause any situation. The only difference was that after devouring the energy of the power of death, it seemed that the flame beast was hungry. and shrunk a bit.

After the flame beast swallowed the power of death, Xiao Yan felt that a strange black power slowly emerged from his body.

"This is... the power of death!" But Xiao Yan was unmoved, even laughed, and said immediately.

"The Seven Star Dou Emperor is in the middle stage..." But he wasn't ready to be happy, the sudden breakthrough was also due to the power of death, and the promotion was a natural progression.