Chapter Vol 4 1447: The Doomsday of the Underworld Evil Race!

Tianling Shengyuan, at this time there is no splendor of the past, and the next day here is a warm place where humans and monsters coexist. It is because of the existence of the foreign evil clan, and with the addition of aura, all the monsters here have turned into the accomplices of the foreign evil clan, and they have been transformed into the faithful partners of the dark moon evil clan, the evil beasts.

Evil beasts are the same as ordinary soul beasts, but they have lost their peaceful and gentle dispositions, and become murderous, irritable, and lifelike killing machines.

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure slowly fell out of the space-time wormhole, and immediately stepped into the territory of Tianling Shengyuan.

"Sisi..." New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"It's such an evil aura." Just when he came here, it was shrouded in darkness, and he suddenly smelled a foul smell. A faint amber flame of holy flame spread out from Xiao Yan's body involuntarily, blocking these evil auras easily. destruction.

"Hey... what kind of flame is this?" Before he could check the evil aura here, Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that within his body, the Fire Heart Tianyan Holy Flame Crystal, Ghost Face Soul Flame Holy Flame Crystal, including the Immortal Fire Holy Flame Crystal , disappeared without a trace for a while!

At this time, in his body, there were only the Sacred Flame Heart, which was transformed by Mu Yingying's source fire, and the Acacia Heartbroken Sacred Flame Crystal, which was sealed and suppressed by Xiao Yan with special means.

"What's going on?" For a while, a panic surged in Xiao Yan's heart. All three Saint Flame Crystals disappeared. I'm afraid it was a great blow to Xiao Yan.

"Hey... this is it?" The next moment, when Xiao Yan was in a state of no masters, he suddenly found a rather strange fluctuation in the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body.

It was an irregular prismatic crystal, the size of which was the same size as the previous holy flame crystal, and even the whole body was amber in color, like a naturally carved jade, crystal silver and antimony transparent. flow.

"This is..." At this moment, Xiao Yan suddenly had the urge to cry!

It worked!

The new holy flame after the fusion of holy flames!

Finally succeeded!

According to Xiao Yan's memory, this thing was condensed when dealing with Fang Hao, but unfortunately he didn't pay attention at that time.

This amber-colored holy flame is a fusion of the fire heart Tianyan, ghost face soul flame, undead fire three kinds of flame origin and holy flame crystal, plus some origin fire of Mu Yingying ethereal ice flame, four holy flame fusion A new flame emerges.

"Zi la la!" Xiao Yan waved his hand, and immediately controlled the amber Saint Flame Crystal freely, which was quite easy.

"Now this holy flame is not afraid to be inferior to the top fifteen holy flames..."

"Amber in color, Fire Heart Rock, Ghost Flame... I'll call you Amber Rock Soul Fire in the future." After a while, Xiao Yan said with a relieved smile.

Now that his strength has reached the late stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, with the increase of the swallowing flame technique and the many means in his hands, unless some six-star fighting immortals are perfect, they will not cause any damage to Xiao Yan!

This is the harvest from the end of the ghost world.

"You kid, you are also a ruthless person." Seeing Xiao Yan's excited expression, Xiao Sensheng scolded with a smile, a guy like Xiao Yan who doesn't take the usual way, but he competes with some old and immortal people in the family.

"Hey, senior, let's go." Satisfied, he controlled the amber rock soul fire to attach to his body, and then walked towards this gloomy forest step by step.

Today's Tianling Shengyuan, in the Tianling Mountains, countless flowers, plants and trees are screaming. They are completely dark, and they are completely bound and imprisoned by evil forces. They try to break free from this bondage, and they scream.

"There are such evil fluctuations here, it seems that there should be the existence of foreign evil races." After walking for a while, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, looking at the evil beasts surrounding the mountains and trees.

"According to my perception, the evil clan here should be the Mingyue evil clan at the bottom of the thirty-six extraterritorial evil clans. Their rulers are only one or two star fighting immortals." Xiao Sensheng said.

"Leave it to me." Xiao Yan nodded and gently touched his heart with his palm. It seemed that since entering this place, Mu Yingying's aura had become extremely uneasy, as if she remembered something bad.

"Don't worry, I'm here." Seemingly sensing Mu Yingying's tremor, Xiao Yan touched his heart and smiled.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan was wrapped in amber flames, like a saint who specializes in punishing the evil in the world, heading towards the center of the mountain range. starter

Where is the gathering place of the foreign evil races, and it is also the beginning of a massacre.

"I've stepped up my vigilance in the past few days. We'll be leaving here soon, so cheer me up." For a while, there were a series of extremely evil voices around the endless mountains and even in the void.

"Hehe, Lord Mingyuewei, why did the king want to go back this time..."

"The Tianling Mountains are so suitable for us... If we go back like this, I am afraid..." When some patrolling black air masses heard the words, they immediately turned into blurred figures, and respectfully said to the source of the sound, they were originally weak, if not The mystery of the Tianling Mountains, where did they reach the present level. .

"These are not what you should know, do your part." The black-robed man above the sky finished speaking just as he was about to go back to the building, his eyes became strange involuntarily. stand up.

"This is... a human?" Mingyue Guard's pupils shrank tightly, and then his eyes fixed on the man standing at the top of the night!

On the emaciated man, an amber flame was slowly beating, and every beating of these flames stirred up the evil spirit in his body, rolling violently, as if he had encountered the end of the world, a creepy feeling. , filled the mind of the Moon Guardian.

"Let's summon your king..." Xiao Yan was at a height below zero, and he casually glanced at it. These patrolling guards were basically at the level of Dou Di, and even the Mingyue Guards were only one-star Dou Xian, so he was too lazy to do anything.

"This time... the big thing is bad." Mingyuewei was shocked, and just wanted to do something, but the evil power in his body was uncontrollably solidified.

"Bang bang bang!" Mingyue Guard waved his hand, and immediately dozens of patrollers turned into a **** fog, blasting towards Xiao Yan, looking at this appearance, it seemed that the Mingyue Guard was trying to escape by this method.

"It's too weak." With a wave of his hand, Xiao Yan's sleeves immediately carried an unstoppable strong wind, which directly smashed all the blood mist, and suddenly completely imprisoned the body of Mingyuewei.

"Don't waste my patience."

"Forget it... I'll go by myself." The next moment, Xiao Yan waved his hand, the amber flames on his body gently drifted away, and just when he touched the entire body of Mingyuewei, the star-fighter-level Mingyuewei, It suddenly turned into a speck of dust and completely disappeared here.

At this moment, the end... is slowly beginning!