Chapter Vol 4 1893: Sudden change?

"Come on!" Seeing Xu Shao who looked so terrifying, Xiao Yan also sneered.

The entire volcanic mountain range was filled with countless gloomy ghosts because of Xu Shao's domain, and the outside world could not see the situation inside at all. In this way, even if Xiao Yan used the power of holy flame, it was reasonable.

"This is the domain of this hall master, called the Thousand Soul Domain, enjoy it!" In an instant, Xu Shao's black robe suddenly disappeared and turned into countless dark blue light groups, which completely permeated the entire domain.

Among those dark blue energy light groups, there are all ghosts and grievances, and the mournful and eerie aura emitted from the invisible, rendering the entire field into a cold place filled with ghosts.

"Is it a lonely ghost again... As expected of a ghost hall."

"But..." While speaking, the aura on Xiao Yan's body slowly changed, an amber flame slowly spread from Xiao Yan's body like a tattoo, and then gently covered Xiao Yan's body. Yan's breath was like a scorching sun, and many ghosts in the domain looked at Xiao Yan vigilantly.

"It really is the smell of holy flame!"

"However, this amber holy flame seems to have never been recorded. What is going on?" Xu Shao's eyes suddenly became hot, and there was a strange fluctuation in his cold eyes.

"Holy Flame Fire!" After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's high-pitched voice sounded in the field. With the addition of Dou Qi and the power of the Holy Flame, Xiao Yan's body could not stand the giant figure, even following such a move , The soul clone that had been silent for a long time in Xiao's body also moved.

"Get off me!"

"Thousand Soul Eater!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Xu Shao sneered, his palm slowly raised, and a mass of extremely dark black energy suddenly projected towards Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, countless ghosts in the domain seemed to have been pulled, and they followed behind the black air mass and scurried away towards Xiao Yan!

That kind of scene, as if locked by countless pairs of gloomy ghost eyes, a chill filled Xiao Yan's heart.

"Bloom." Xiao Yan smiled slowly at this, and his eyes immediately turned amber. The amber flames on his body were like ferocious monsters in a violent state, forming rows of amber walls to resist them.

"Boom!" The gloomy black energy seemed to be the leader of countless ghosts. When it suddenly hit Xiao Yan's amber wall, a shrill rubbing sound filled the air.

"Boy, die!" Seeing Xiao Yan taking so much time to resist his blow, Xu Shao's figure wriggled like a ghost. On his withered palm, a mass of silver space power slowly unfolded!

"The law of space, strangling!" Without any pause, Xu Shao's palm suddenly lifted, and a dazzling silver space force directly shot out and slapped Xiao Yan who was close at hand!

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xu Shao's attack directly hit Xiao Yan, but strangely it did not cause any damage. On the contrary, the skin and expression on Xiao Yan's body suddenly became strange.

"Zi la la!" Just when Xu Shao was puzzled, Xiao Yan was surrounded by thunder and flames, like an eternal copper and iron giant. The ancient ruler above his arm exuded a strange luster. As for the countless ghosts and The power of space slowly disappeared when it touched the body.

"Bang Bang Bang!" After the breath, an unusually harsh explosion sounded in the distant domain.

That is the power of his own space strangulation!

But isn't its target Xiao Yan?

How could the target be shifted?

In the early stage of Xiao Yan's Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, even if he is talented, it is absolutely impossible to change his goal of space power!

"A big gift for you!"

"Hohohoho!" Xu Shao stood hesitantly above the void, and he never understood what was going on. Suddenly, the void was squirming not far away, and Xiao Yan, who was exactly the same as Xiao Yan in front of him, appeared!

It's just that a stream of amber-colored lava flowed out from Xiao Yan's body, and at his feet, there was a huge and fierce fire lion, the lion's eyes only locked on himself!

That kind of feeling, as if he was locked, and he was the food at his fingertips!

Even with the blessing of holy flame, the fighting power of this fire lion should definitely not be underestimated!

"Boom!" The fire lion roared. It raised its front paws proudly. The countless amber faces flashed with unusually sacred and terrifying power, and immediately waved towards Xu Shao.

"Pfft!" With a sound, a beam of amber light beams stretched out from the front paws of the Fire Lion like a ray of dawn, directly piercing the void and whistling away!

"Small worm-carving trick!" Xu Shao sneered, and suddenly the ghosts in the realm surged rapidly, forming a thick soul wall directly in front of him! !

"Crash!" When the amber beam hit the wall of souls, a ferocious cry was released. Obviously, in the face of the attack based on the fire of holy flame, these ghosts attacked and shattered in an instant.

"Xu Shao, you are extremely sinful, and you should subdue the law!" And following Xiao Yan's attack, an unusually cold voice filled the air.

That was the voice of the horned old man and others.

"Is it still discovered?" Xu Shao shook his head slightly, although he did it very secretly, but he left a lot of evidence in his mansion.

"Xu Shao, accept the sanctions!" Xiao Yan looked at Xu Shao and spoke slowly, with amber holy flames shining all over his body, fire lions and tigers staring at him, and the earth-shattering fighting intent was vented!

"It's really tricky...but!"

"Try this!"

"Space Prism, lock it for me!" Seeing Xiao Yan's ferocious means, Xu Shao finally had nothing to hide. The initial strength of the Eight Star Dou Xian was revealed, and he immediately became crazy with an overwhelming momentum!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan was shocked, looking at the fleeting silver beam, his figures retreated one after another.

"Hoohoho!" Seeing this, the Fire Lion felt that Xiao Yan was in danger, and the amber flames all over his body became restless.

"Pimple!" Xiao Yan used the Fire Lion to control the Fire Lion, but he forgot about Xu Shao's attack. He was lightly hit by it, his body shrank violently like an electric shock, and he immediately froze in the field. !

"Get away from me!" On the other side, Xiao Lei, the soul avatar of the Thunder Fire Hell King, saw this He instinctively waved the ancient ruler in his hand, attacking Xu Shao!

"hateful!"

"I'll spare your life this time!"

"Next time this hall master must torture you to death!"

"See you on the ancient battlefield!" A gloomy voice sounded in the realm, and Xu Shao's figure shook abruptly, turning into a black mist, streaking into the void of the realm in front of him, and disappearing.

This Xiao Yan was caught in his own space prism, and I am afraid that he will be trapped in a different dimension forever!

This time, he still won!

"Crack!" With a sound, Xu Shao just disappeared, and the old man with horns directly broke open the field and entered it from the outside world.

"Xu Shao colluded with the rebellion, the evidence is conclusive..."

"What's going on?" A few people had just broken through the domain and looked at the two Xiao Yan and countless ghosts slowly disappearing, deeply shocked.