Chapter Vol 2 723: runaway green flute

"The two six-star fighting emperors in the early stage, they look down on themselves too much!" Facing the siege of the two six-star fighting emperors in the early stage, Green Flute didn't have the slightest fear.

"The power of the seventh rank?" The two powerhouses in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di were all surprised at the same time.

After all, although the two of them have mediocre talents, the power of life also has the level of fifth-rank. Although the power of fifth-rank life is not very high, it is relatively not weak, but what Ling and two did not expect is that this green flute is actually Directly possess the power of the seventh-grade students!

There are only a handful of people in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion with the power of the seventh-rank students, but those who possess the power of the seventh-rank students are all strong, but how could these two think that the green flute in front of them is actually too!

"interesting."

"I originally thought that your identity as a snake-human race should be of average strength, but how did you know that it was hidden so deeply." The two powerhouses in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor laughed at the same time, but there was no fear in their voices.

Even if they knew the huge gap between the strength of life, the two did not flinch. After all, if they wanted to get the reward of the second senior brother, if they didn't show some real skills, they really couldn't get it.

And after pushing 10,000 steps, he said, even if the green flute's seventh-rank student's strength is strong, after all, two fists can't beat four hands.

"Go!" The two of them looked at each other and moved their figures directly. Looking at their appearance, even if they had only the power of a fifth-grade student, they were not afraid of the green flute who had the power of a seventh-grade student.

"It's no wonder I'm looking for a dead end!" Green Flute snorted immediately, since the two of them had just been slightly different about their status as Snake People, Green Flute had no good impression of the two of them, if it weren't for this place It is the Burning Incense Pavilion that prohibits killing people, I am afraid that the green flute has already killed the two at this time!

However, although I can't kill them, I can teach them a lesson. I have an idea in my heart. The direct operation of the green flute is the power of the seventh-rank students in my whole body, and it goes to the two six-star fighting emperors!

"I didn't expect that the disciples of the Hall of Humanity who lived in the Five Bamboo Residences had good strength and talent, but because of the appearance of Xiao Yan, the light was covered up by him." Hong Qi, who was hiding in the dark, said.

Hong Qi was hiding in the dark, so he wouldn't make a move at will. After all, if he made a move at will, I'm afraid it would be passed back to the palace master and the others, and if they end up with the name of bullying the younger generation, it would be worth the loss.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" Although the two men in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor only possessed the fifth rank of Shengzhi, the cooperation and combat experience between the two were far beyond what ordinary disciples could compare.

"These two people actually still have some experience. It seems that they are going to try the poison..." After several fights, Green Flute found that the two cooperated very well, and immediately said slightly in her heart.

As the sound of the green flute just fell, there was a faint trace of green fighting qi in the bright white life force, but it was fleeting. not found.

"Come again!"

"Boom boom boom!" The two men in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di were inextricably fighting with Green Flute, and the battle was fierce.

"His grandmother, this woman's vitality is so strange... Why is it that the more we fight, the worse the situation for the two of us..." A man in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di opened his mouth slightly, and as a few minutes passed, he found His body seemed to be a little out of order, and as for the reason, he was at a loss.

"I also found out, it seems that there is a problem with the vitality of this green flute!" The next moment, the two seemed to be aware of the problem, and immediately there was a look of doubt in their eyes.

But just when the two of them discovered something was wrong, the eyes of the green flute on the side exuded a fierce stranglehold, and then snorted coldly!

"I just found out now!"

"It's already too late!" Green Flute's cold snort had just ended, and a chilling aura suddenly emerged from the snake man's prism-shaped snake pupil!

"damn it!"

"not good!"

"Rewind!" When the two of them saw this, they immediately stepped back in surprise!

Because when the green flute finished saying these words, the energy of life in the whole body actually disappeared, and it was replaced by a green grudge.

The green color makes people panic, the poison contained in it, I am afraid that ordinary people will immediately fall if they touch it a little bit!

"The calamity comes from the mouth, I hope you all know!" At this moment, the green flute seemed to be an undefeated **** of war, staring fiercely at the two men in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. ,

After a few breaths, the green flute was not hesitating, nor was she giving the two men a chance. After all, the two men had already absorbed the toxins contained in their life force when they had just fought with him. It's the end of the game.

"Green Flute, don't go too far!" Perceiving the chilling air of Green Flute, the two men also had the intention of retreating.

Originally, the two of them just wanted to get that little attractive reward, but who would have thought that this green flute would actually dare to do it and want to kill them!

This chilling intent could not be faked, so the two men immediately begged for mercy.

"Begging for mercy now, it's too late!"

"You shouldn't murmur about humans with snake blood. After all, we are also humans, so why should we be looked down upon by others?"

"Go to hell!" After the green flute finished speaking, the eyes suddenly turned red uncontrollably, and the real killing intent suddenly emerged!

"No, this green flute is out of control!" Seeing this, Hong Qi, who was still watching the play in the dark, shouted in his heart, and then he didn't dare to stop. !

These two were following him. If they were killed by Green Flute, then the first person in the hall to be held accountable must be him!

So no matter what you say, you can't let Green Flute kill the two of them!

"Let me sober up!" Hong Qi went straight to the green flute with a fiery energy of life!

This attack is not to attack Green Flute, but to restore Green Flute's mind!

"Cough, cough..." The hot waves echoed in the air, and Green Flute woke up immediately.

But the next moment, a sense of weakness spread throughout the body, and it was obvious that the loss of control just now had drawn a lot of the green flute's power.

"Thank you, big brother!" The two men in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di were relieved when they saw that they were not injured.

However, there is still some fear in my heart. This green flute is so terrifying when it goes crazy. It seems that it is better to provoke less in the future.

"Why don't you guys talk about the snake people?" Hong Qi reluctantly glanced at the two younger brothers at the back, and then his eyes returned to Lu Di.

"With such fluctuations, I'm afraid it will disturb the people inside, but it doesn't matter, I hope Xiao Yan will come along too." Hong Qi said, not in a hurry after finishing speaking, and just waited.

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling fiery red life force with a scorching heat wave swept directly at the door of Wuzhuju, and immediately alarmed the people inside Wuzhuju.

"What's the situation?" After all, Mu Yingying possesses holy flame, and her perception of fire attributes is different from that of ordinary people, so she immediately noticed the traces of battle not far from the door, and immediately said a word, and then directly directed go.

"Go and see!"

"The green flute has been out for so long and hasn't come back, shouldn't it be a matter of origin?" After Mu Feng finished speaking, he immediately followed.

The remaining one, Xiao Yi, naturally followed.

Ask for tickets!