Chapter Vol 4 1151: brief confrontation

"Yiyi, don't talk nonsense!" When someone else said that, Qing'er couldn't help but said angrily.

What an asshole!

After so many years, I finally found a man I liked more, and I finally fell into his arms, but I didn't have time to enjoy the gentle time in his arms, but he was actually destroyed by this guy. On Qing'er's small face, A trace of anger emerged.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan naturally ignored the two guys, gently placed Qing'er on the ground, and then asked.

"Well, it's alright." Qing'er nodded slightly, then stood slim in front of the carriage.

"Humph."

"Qing'er, don't think we don't know."

"Those things about you are not well known to everyone... Is it possible that you are trying to win sympathy with your current appearance?" Ten meters away from Xiao Yan and the others' carriage, the two figures slowly stood there.

The two figures were wearing long robes, and the back of the robes was engraved with the characters of dragon flying and phoenix dancing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Who is this guy?" Xiao Yan took Qing'er carefully to the next, and asked with a casual glance.

"The second young master of the Yu family, his strength is about the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal. The guy who just talked is his book boy." Although Qing'er was a little angry in her heart, she didn't show it too clearly. After all, the strength of this feather wing, Compared with Xiao Yan, Qing’er was undoubtedly stronger. Although Qing’er believed in Xiao Yan’s strength, she didn’t want to add unnecessary trouble to him.

"Please let it go."

"Two annoying flies." Xiao Yan grabbed Qing'er directly, then walked towards the auction, passing by the two troublemakers, and said with a cold expression.

If it wasn't for the backyard of the auction, there were so many people, I'm afraid this wing would have been obliterated by Xiao Yan!

However, after seeing Xiao Yan's dark eyes, Yu Yi and his book boy couldn't help but be startled, because those eyes were full of cold killing intent!

"I don't know who is so unlucky to come together with the eldest lady of the Qing family. I heard that the eldest lady of the Qing family has an incurable disease. It's a lot of harm."

"If you want me to say, if I have this disease, how can I think about it, I wish to hide away." The book boy looked serious.

"If you think you have a long life, I don't mind taking you." And Xiao Yan was too lazy to talk nonsense with these two guys. After all, the two of them seemed to have bad intentions at first sight. You don't need to think about it to know that they are naturally members of the Yu family. Try to pick things up.

In addition to the bad relationship between the Yu family and the Qing family, this kind of thing is also a common thing.

"Kid, you have to think clearly, who are you talking to now!" The book boy was stared at by Xiao Yan with such cold killing intent, he couldn't help but glanced at his wings, and after confirming the latter's eyes, there was a hint of He said to Xiao Yan arrogantly.

"Why, this is not the direct jurisdiction of the City Lord's Mansion, is there an auction?"

"Could it be that your Yu family can still cover the sky with one hand?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Boy, don't be ignorant..." The book boy hurriedly opened his mouth and carried the Yu family out by himself. The young man in front of him was not at all afraid.

"Good dog won't stand in the way, let it go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he directly led Qing'er towards the auction venue.

"Master, this..." Watching Xiao Yan and Qing'er leave, Shutong couldn't help but said to Feather Wing, who had been quiet and did not speak.

"This guy's strength should not be underestimated."

"Although it's only in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, it can actually make me feel a hint of danger." Yu Quan shook his head and said.

"Let's go, let's go to the auction first."

"After your father's business is successful, Qing'er, aren't you ready for it?"

"No one can escape the woman I have a crush on." After Yu Yi finished speaking, she didn't stop, and went directly to the auction.

"Aren't you curious about what that winged book boy said just now..." Just after leaving the backyard of the auction, a serious look appeared on Qing'er's face, and she asked Xiao Yan.

The disease that the winged book boy said just now is indeed true, but it is not as terrifying as he said.

"The two of them should say that they are sour because they can't eat grapes. Don't pay attention." Xiao Yan smiled, then glanced at no one around, and gently released Qing'er's little hand.

"That Feather Wing is the second young master of the Yu family. He once pursued me, but he was rejected by me. I'm afraid he has bad intentions, so there is such a scene."

"Thank you for what you just said." Qing'er smiled.

"The disease in your body..."

"If it's convenient, why don't you tell me a little about it. I have studied medicinal materials since I was a child and have a little understanding of medical methods." Xiao Yan asked.

"fine."

"My disease can't be called a disease, it's just caused by my own ice attribute." Qing'er smiled.

"Is the ice attribute..." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded slowly. He also knew that he was helpless about this kind of attribute. He immediately explained it, and then took Qing'er to the auction venue.

"Sir, there was some conflict in the backyard between the second young master of the Yu family, Yuyi, and the eldest lady of the Qing family." Inside the auction, in a quiet private room, there were two soldiers, one quietly standing on the seat. The armored figure, and a soldier in charge of investigating intelligence.

"Understood, let's go down and prepare."

"The auction will start soon, remember to be vigilant, and don't let anyone suspicious." The soldier sitting on the seat said slowly.

"Yes Your Excellency!" The soldier who was investigating the information heard the words and nodded slowly.

"This Yu family is arrogant." The soldier sitting on the seat said slightly.

This soldier is impressively powerful in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian in the Lord's Mansion of Ghost King City!

Although he is just a soldier, he has won the love of the ghost king city. It can be said without hesitation that this guy is not only powerful, but also tyrannical.

It's just that no one knows why. Hundreds of years ago, the city lord Death Feng brought this guy directly to the Ghost King City from other places. A soldier settled down in the ghost king city, and the ghost king city, which was originally quite uneasy, has become a country of peace and prosperity thanks to the efforts of the two.

It's just that this soldier could have served as an official and a half-job in the ghost king city, but he had no choice but to follow the city lord's death wind, and he had no idea of ​​​​having a high official and rich salary. Naturally, he has always been an ordinary soldier, serving the city lord's death wind. .

But even so, no one would dare to underestimate his strength!

Let me ask, a soldier in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, with this level of strength, even if it is placed in the ghost king city, it is enough to be regarded as a top five existence.

At this moment, the auction venue in this ghost king city can be said to be unprecedentedly lively, not only gathering the three major families of the ghost king city, the Yu family Qing family and the Lei family, but also many powerful forces. , also went to.

And with the gathering of these powerhouses, this unprecedented auction also slowly kicked off.

l