Chapter Vol 4 1594: 1 person, 1 foot, 1 pavilion!

A battle is imminent.

"Give it to me!"

"Anyone who catches Xiao Yan will be rewarded with thousands of dollars, and will be awarded an official title." After Shun Qi, Qing Yunkun's voice sounded slowly, as if he was holding a winning ticket.

"Crash!" As Qing Yunkun's voice just fell, on both sides of the avenue in this world, hundreds of vigorous figures filed out, directly surrounding Xiao Yan.

"Just based on this?" Xiao Yan didn't look shocked when he saw this, and a sneer slowly formed on the corner of his mouth.

This time, Qingyun Pavilion must be destroyed!

"Give it to me!" The strength of these hundreds of figures are almost all at the level of Samsung Fighting Immortals, and such a huge lineup has also created a lot of aura.

"Boom!" Several fighting qi with different attributes were mixed together, so an extremely tyrannical energy aura was formed in the Qingyun Peak, and the scene was quite terrifying.

"Come here!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan's backside, the Eternal Fire Henggu, seemed to have vitality, and it fell off and immediately attached to Xiao Yan's hands.

It is strange to say that since coming out of the Acacia tree, Xiao Yan's control of the flame and the ancient ruler of the different fire have undergone some subtle changes, but Xiao Yan did not notice it.

"Xiao Yan, you and your brother Xiao Gui have done such a ridiculous scene, we Qingyun Pavilion will act for the heaven for Lord Lingyu this time..."

"Suffer to death!" During the offensive of a hundred people, a strong man in charge of command said angrily, obviously this guy is the leader of these people.

"Just you, it's not enough!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned. Immediately, the power of dazzling flames abruptly spread out from the bucket core, and suddenly swept the black giant ruler in his hand. Suddenly, the power of hot molten flames came directly from the black giant ruler. Flowing out of it, it was as if within the black heavy ruler at this time, it was a free-moving active volcano, and the heart-pounding lava in the volcano was very terrifying.

"Magma flame!" Zaidu snorted coldly, and raised the black giant ruler, as if the gods had pronounced human life and death, and slashed straight at the crowd.

"Boom!"

"What kind of strange power is this?" The encirclement surrounded by hundreds of people, under Xiao Yan's scene, collapsed in an instant, and even many strong people were randomly hit by Xiao Yan and lost their combat effectiveness.

"Qing Yunkun, get down for me!" He defeated these blockers at will, and Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly focused on the three people on the stairs at the end of the avenue.

"Kid, you have to know that this time you are trying to provoke the prestige of the genius of the underground courtyard, Lord Ling Yu." Qing Yunkun said in a very flat voice, standing in the distance. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"However, since you are so eager to come to die, the pavilion master can only arrest you, and then let the adults do whatever they want!"

Qing Yunkun heard the words, his expression moved slightly, his footsteps also began to move, and he slowly walked towards Xiao Yan.

Qing Yunkun knew that Xiao Yan was strong and powerful, but these ambush soldiers in Qing Yun Pavilion are just pretending at best. As long as Xiao Yan is arrested, then they will naturally have 10,000 excuses to slander them.

"Be careful, the fire attribute energy on this guy's body is very good." Feng Jie frowned, obviously smelling a very heart palpitating wave from the lava that emerged from the huge ruler on Xiao Yan's body. .

"I know... After all, it's not the first time we've fought." Qing Yunkun snorted coldly, and then came to Xiao Yan slowly. He knew that Feng Jie was the powerhouse Ling Yu had secretly cultivated, and he was stronger than a four-star fighting immortal like him. It is natural to not take it lightly after saying this sentence later.

"Where is Xiao Gui?" Seeing Qing Yunkun's appearance like this, Xiao Yan's eyes filled with anger slowly opened his mouth, and the terrifying anger rendered Xiao Yan as a demon who only knew how to kill.

"Xiao Gui is disobedient and dares to secretly cheat with the fiancée of Lord Ling Yu. Now he is serving a sentence, and as the elder brother of Xiao Gui, let him act like this, what should you do!" Qing Yunkun's voice resounded like a Hong bell. One scolded Xiao Yan.

"I'll ask again, where is Xiao Gui!" Xiao Yan noticed that there were a lot of powerhouses creeping in the dark, but so what?

If these guys are really so sinister, what about destroying them?

The fusion of the two holy flames is powerful enough to easily destroy this place.

"die!"

"Wind-Rhythm Talisman!" In an instant, with Xiao Yan's hideous face, Qing Yunkun's whole body flashed with dazzling wind-attribute grudge, and with a loud shout, the tyrannical wind-attribute celestial seed was displayed in an instant, and this This level of attack is obviously the most tyrannical attack by Headmaster Qing Yunkun.

"Salala!" Following Qing Yunkun's actions, the countless leaves and trees on this mountain peak swayed with the wind, and even with the help of the wind's increase, a hint of danger filled the space.

"fire!"

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's **** and violent aura became even stronger!

Although Qing Yunkun was not the main culprit in defeating Xiao Gui, he was also congenial, so Xiao Yan naturally did not intend to keep his hands bang! "Blood-like flames slanted out of Xiao Yan's body, and immediately filled the entire mountain, but the power displayed by Qing Yunkun was insignificant in comparison.

"Crack!" With a sound, no one knew what happened. In just a few breaths, Qing Yunkun's head suddenly fell off when he opened his eyes, and his breath was wilted to the extreme.

"Good boy..." Feng Jie was not surprised when he saw this.

Qing Yunkun's strength can only be regarded as just stepping foot in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian, but he is a real powerhouse at the peak of the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian.

"Weng Buzz!" Just after erasing Qing Yunkun, the thunderous light in Xiao Yan's body suddenly became restless. It was obvious that the mysterious man in front of him had an inescapable relationship with Xiao Gui's disappearance.

"It's you who hurt my brother..." He casually kicked the head of the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion like a dead dog, and Xiao Yan's expression and pupils shrank tightly as he growled.

"So what?"

"Just a guy in the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal..."

"Today, after all, we still won."

"Qingyun Guards obeyed the order, Xiao Yan obliterated the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion, and in the name of Feng Jie, put this person on the list of Qingyun Pavilion to hunt down and die!"

"Array, kill this flirt!" After Shun breathed, Feng Jie's expression lightly showed a hint of sneer. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

All of this is in the hands of himself and Lord Ling Yu. Qing Yunkun is just a ghost. Only when Xiao Yan wipes out Qing Yunkun will they have enough evidence to wipe out Xiao Yan. Even the headmaster of the Lingyuan Academy will take action. , is also helpless.

But now Xiao Yan is proceeding slowly just like all the plans they concocted.