Chapter Vol 4 1606: Diyuan 2 rivals!

"A powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, and a powerhouse who also has the complete half-field of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, can't use the holy flame..." Listening to Ling Yuanzi's voice, Xiao Yan murmured to himself, obviously these The matter is now within Xiao Yan's thinking.

"how?"

"This is the best chance I can win for you, and it is also the biggest step back that Ling Feng can make. It is estimated that there will be no turning point." Ling Yuanzi seems to be indifferent, but he has something very special about Xiao Yan. I don’t know why, but this Xiao Yan has a faint familiar aura about him, that aura is like someone from the Xiao clan, but all the descendants of the Xiao clan have disappeared mysteriously, and Ling Yuanzi is obviously not so stupid that Xiao Yan has the same surname. Xiao is defined as the descendants of the Xiao ethnic group.

"You can give it a try." After a while, Xiao Yan's mouth filled with a smile.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

Although he was only at the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal stage, but relying on many means such as Acacia Flame Domain, Swallowing Flame Technique, and Soul Power, it was not easy to defeat the two of them. As long as there was a glimmer of hope, Xiao Yan would naturally not give up easily.

"That's good."

"Take a rest today, and tomorrow I will personally take you to the underground courtyard."

"I have won the qualification for you. After the matter is over, regardless of success or failure, Ling Yu's soul body must be returned to Ling Feng... And don't interrogate Ling Yu privately recently, otherwise, if Ling Feng finds out, some unnecessary things will be born. Trouble..." Ling Yard ordered.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately agreed.

"Go down and rest." After Ling Yuanzi finished speaking, Xiao Yan also disappeared here.

"Yuanzi, are you being too strict with him?" Xiao Yan had just left when a beautiful woman walked in slowly, holding some delicate fruits in her hands, and smiled sweetly.

"This guy has the power of holy flame, and also the existence of lovesickness. I guess he should have absorbed the lovesickness fruit. If you force him a little, his limit and potential will be greatly improved in the future." Ling Yuanzi Seeing this, he grinned and hurriedly got up and walked towards the shadow.

"You guy, don't forget that our lives were saved by the great power of the Xiao Clan..." The beautiful woman rolled her eyes and smiled immediately.

"Hey, that's natural... When the matter here is over, we will immediately go back to help other strong people find the Xiao clan together. After solving their problems, we can also live a good life in the mountains and forests."

"..." In the study, there is no doubt that there is a strong affection.

At the same time, in the distant courtyard.

The Earth Court stands on the edge of the Earth Spirit Domain, but at the same time it is also the most fertile place in the entire Earth Spirit Domain.

Somewhere, there are towering trees, even a huge waterfall, flowing down vertically, and in the river below the waterfall, a beautiful shadow stands quietly and dignifiedly on a reef, with beautiful eyes slightly closed, feeling Facing the huge waterfall that was gushing down in front of him, it was like cultivating something.

"Miss, Master Ai is looking for you." After the breath, the void above the water stream wriggled, and a guard suddenly appeared, and he said respectfully.

Erin Er.

The shadow standing here cultivating is Irene!

This guy is now the closed disciple of Headmaster Ai in the underground courtyard. Although Headmaster Ai ranks at the bottom of the three headmasters in the underground courtyard, his strength is also a genuine Seven Star Fighting Immortal, and Headmaster Ai teaches his disciples quite a bit. Strict, so this Irene's strength and combat effectiveness are enough to rank among the top three existences in the courtyard.

"Teacher looking for me?" At the next moment, Qianying's beautiful eyes slowly opened, and around the reef, a circle of energy ripples spread like a tide!

Four-star fighting immortal late stage!

Irene's strength is in the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals. She rarely takes action in the underground courtyard. She has always been in retreat, but even so, no one dares to underestimate her. In addition to the face of the country and the city , is one of the most beautiful women in the courtyard.

"What is the teacher looking for from me?" The beautiful eyes slowly opened, and the face of the country and the city was enough to make all things pale.

"My subordinates don't know...but it should be related to Headmaster Ling Feng, please go there as soon as possible," the guard said.

"understood."

"Although Headmaster Lingfeng has been dismissed, he has held power in the underground courtyard for a long time, and naturally he has a lot of prestige. Now he is trying to exchange Ling Yu's soul body with Xiao Yan, and he does not hesitate to use his prestige to try to crack and let him enter the earth spirit tower. In this way, the teacher will naturally not give up easily for his own benefit."

"It seems that this should be the case." As soon as the voice fell, Irene's tender body slowly stood up, and then her toes slowly touched the ground, but in the river, there seemed to be a stream of light pouring into her body. In the middle of the room, there was an aura of terrifying violence, like a beast. After a while, Irene disappeared here.

Another place in the courtyard.

in the underground palace.

The underground palace, this is the conference room for several headmasters and some important matters in the underground courtyard. The entire underground palace is full of colorful crystals and the space is extremely huge. At this time, several figures slowly stand in the underground palace.

"Don't go too far!" Ling Feng was here with a sullen face looking at the other people, he couldn't help cursing.

The three headmasters of the Earth Academy are Headmaster Ling Feng, Headmaster Ai, and Headmaster Wen. All three headmasters are at the level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals. From the highest to the bottom, they are Lingfeng and Wen Zhang. Teach and teach Ai.

"Headmaster Lingfeng, your dismissal from the position of headmaster will cause a great loss to our courtyard..."

"And what are you talking about, Ling Yu colluded with evil clans and sins from outside the realm, trying to erode our Soul Territory, Xiao Yan rectified sanctions for us, this is a good thing, you are trying to use your prestige over the years in exchange for Ling Yu, this itself It's an unreasonable thing." After Shunxi, Headmaster Wen spoke first, but there was a man who looked like a scholar beside him.

This man looks harmless to humans and animals, but in the entire underground courtyard, he is the real arrogant son of heaven. He was only suppressed by Ling Yu, and the terrifying aura revealed from his whole body made people palpitate.

"This must be done!"

"Most elders agree with this."

"Tomorrow, if Xiao Yan can defeat your two most outstanding disciples, it will be feasible for Xiao Yan to enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda. If it fails, I will not mention it, and after this incident, I will hand over all our positions. , to hide in the mountains and forests." Ling Feng spoke slowly after his breath.

You must know that the head of the headmaster is as strong as this, and the position and power he holds behind him are so huge that he can make such a setback, and the other two headmasters are also satisfied and nodded.

"In that case, let's wait for tomorrow." As soon as the voice fell, several people left here.

"Xiao Yan..." But as they left, Irene and the seemingly weak scholar, the corners of their mouths wriggled slightly, and a dangerous aura was revealed.

Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network