Chapter Vol 4 1410: The realm of nothingness, Zhu Kun!

Dou Di Continent.

Legend has it that outside the Doudi Sifang Continent, there is a rather mysterious void. This void floats in the turbulent flow of space all the year round, and its position changes. , also dare not enter rashly.

And in this void, there are many rumors, such as the place cursed by the gods, the place of evil light and so on.

However, in this world, danger and opportunity coexist. Although this space has been rumored to be buzzing, there are also many benefits inside it. However, the location is too mysterious and dangerous, and no creature has ever set foot there.

Humans call this space, the realm of nothingness.

And in the realm of nothingness at this time, a figure Xiao Yan was familiar with suddenly appeared.

"Crash!" A deafening voice sounded, and a behemoth suddenly shattered the void and fell into the void realm.

"Weng Om!" The huge creature, like a dragon, has an indescribably huge body.

At this time, it was entrenched in the void, and the icy aura slowly permeated, and even above the body, strands of purple-gold dragon scales completely wrapped its body, like cold iron that has not been touched in ten thousand years.

"Gulugulu." Suddenly, strange breaths emerged in this space, and then those breaths turned into traces of strange energy, heading towards the behemoth's body.

That bizarre energy, the brilliance contained in it, has as many as seven colors, which is extremely rare.

"This...what is this place?" After a while, the dragon eyes flickered in the behemoth, staring at the surroundings and muttering.

It vaguely remembered that it was attacked by the enemy in the space passage, and separated from Xiao Yan and the others, but after separation, with the help of the power of the Taixu ancient dragon proficient in space, he wanted to enter the space passage again to find Xiao Yan, but was It was directly involved in the spatial turbulence.

Even this guy has been floating in the turbulent flow of space for a long time before he came to this mysterious space by chance.

"Weng Om!" After a while, the dragon body of the behemoth transformed into the appearance of a middle-aged man.

After this mysterious guy turned into a human, his true identity was immediately revealed.

This guy is impressively Zhu Kun, who was scattered from the Dou Qi Continent to the Dou Emperor Continent together with Xiao Yan, the old dragon emperor of the Taixu ancient dragon clan on the Dou Qi Continent, Zhu Kun!

"I don't know what happened to Xiao Yan and the others..."

"Forget it, let's see where this place is first." After hesitating for a moment, Zhu Kun stepped on the void and suspended above this mysterious void. Even with his eyes, he couldn't give the whole picture of the void here for a while. From the bottom of the eye, it is enough to see the vastness of this void.

At this moment, Zhu Kun also felt a chill emerge, even with his thousands of years of cultivation experience, the mystery in this void could not be comprehended.

"Bang Bang Bang!" After a while, the place where he stood in the void turned into a crystal palace.

The Crystal Palace is like a dream, with clear gold and silver, and seven-color energy crystals appear in an endless stream, wrapping the entire palace inside and out like a spiral, and the position of the candle is just at the entrance of the spiral crystal palace. .

"What the **** is this place..." Zhu Kun smiled helplessly, relying on his intuition, he could sense that the space here is definitely not simple, just a trace of energy in this void is enough to make him quite embarrassed, even more so. Needless to say this sudden appearance of the Crystal Palace.

"What place is this... You don't know?" Just when Zhu Kun looked puzzled, a delicate voice sounded slowly, filled with these rare hostility.

"Boom!" A female voice like a silver bell emerged from the spiral structure of the Crystal Palace, and it suddenly became extremely harsh.

"Pfft!" In an instant, Zhu Kun only felt his legs soften, and knelt directly on the ground at the entrance of the Crystal Palace. On the ground of the Crystal Palace, layers of seven-color energy kept squirming. Pressure!

This sense of oppression is different from the past, and even comes from the coercion in the depths of the soul, so that Zhu Kun has no room for resistance.

"Dragon...Dragon family!"

"The real dragon clan..." And when he knelt down directly, Zhu Kun's old face was instantly pale, his eyes narrowed, and he murmured while staring at the depths of the Crystal Palace.

On the Dou Qi Continent, there is no real dragon and phoenix. Although their Taixu ancient dragons have dragon blood, the power of the blood is much diluted compared to the real dragon.

And it is precisely because Zhu Kun is aware of this that he is eager to break through the Dou Qi Continent and come here. As for the situation in front of him, Zhu Kun understands that the mysterious guy at the moment is probably also a real powerhouse in the dragon race!

"Junior rashly disturbs the senior's rest, and I hope that the senior will forgive me..."

"I'm leaving now." Zhu Kun knelt on his knees, then clenched his fists and apologized to the depths of the palace.

Right now this place is extremely mysterious, and the guy below has such a tyrannical coercion just by the slightest sound. I am afraid that the body strength is much more tyrannical than Zhu Kun.

"No one has set foot here for countless years..."

"Although you are not a human, but a sub-dragon, to me, it is no different from an ant..." The magnetic voice opened his mouth, with a hint of arrogance.

"Damn..." Taking advantage of the moment when the voice spoke, Zhu Kun tried to use his grudge to break free, but helplessly Zhu Kun found that no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't break free.

"Don't bother... stay with me." After a while, the magnetic voice spoke up.

"Weng Om!" At the same time, in the depths of the palace, a seven-color energy suddenly emerged, and then drove directly in front of Zhu Kun.

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Zhu Kun's Dou Qi surged to the limit, even his veins burst out, but he still couldn't break free.

Even in the seven-color energy in front of him, there is a supreme dragon might that shakes the world, making Zhu Kun unable to resist surrendering without any resistance.

"Crash!" The seven-color energy directly enveloped Zhu Kun's body, and then read Zhu Kun's memory.

"Ahhh!" Being so entangled in the seven-color light, Zhu Kun couldn't help screaming, but nothing happened except that his memory was read by this mysterious person.

"Dou Qi Continent?"

"Great Void Ancient Dragon?" In just a few minutes, the deep magnetic voice exclaimed.

"A male Yalong... a pity."

"However...you seem to have an offspring on the Dou Qi Continent, and you are also a gifted little girl."

"It seems to be called Zi Yan..."

"It seems that this time, God really blesses this king..." The magnetic voice suddenly laughed.

"who are you!"

"What do you want?" After a while Zhu Kun's restraint and seven-color energy dissipated instantly, and he returned to normal.

"Come here... First wait for your strength to break through Dou Xian, then I will naturally take action to bring Zi Yan over..."

"When the time comes, I pour out my life's efforts, and there will definitely be a real dragon god!"

"Golden Dragon King... the last hatred, I will definitely get it back this time!" The magnetic voice spoke slowly, then directly controlled Zhu Kun, heading towards the depths of the palace.

In an instant, the Crystal Palace regained its appearance of nothingness and emptiness, and the Crystal Palace disappeared. But obviously, the most mysterious in this world of nothingness is probably the one with dragon blood in the Crystal Palace. The true overlord!

Zhu Kun was so captured by this great master, and he didn't know whether it was a blessing or a curse.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: