Chapter 550: Mysterious figure!

"Since there is nothing in the pharmacy, let's go to the hall first." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I can feel that there is something very terrifying in this mansion. The aura of that thing seems to be similar to the medicinal pill here." Shan Yao said with a small face and a serious face.

"Yep."

"Don't worry, it's me." Xiao Yan raised his head slightly, then without hesitation, he walked directly towards the door of the refining pharmacy, preparing to go to the hall to have a look!

Shanyao and Snake Xing also followed.

The backyard of the manor.

There is a distance of several hundred meters from the front yard. The back yard is different from the front yard. The front yard is mostly a place to entertain guests for dinner and talks. As for the back yard, it is the real mansion.

The area of ​​the backyard is much larger than that of the front yard. The backyard is built on the water surface and is all made of wood.

It is strange to say that the ground in the front yard is covered with stones. Naturally, Xiao Yan and the others did not notice the difference between this mansion, but from the backyard, the distribution of this mansion is clear at a glance!

This mansion is actually built on the water!

This is extremely appalling!

Because the water in this mansion is different from ordinary ones, the water here has a strong restriction, no flying!

So if you want to build a manor with such a huge area on top of this mansion, I am afraid its energy is quite large!

In a room in the backyard, traces of white mist constantly emanated from a beautiful box, and then slowly spread out through the house!

If Xiao Yan were here, he would definitely find that the fog was the culprit that caused the entire desert mountain range to be surrounded by fog all day long!

"Why are you so troubled?"

"Originally, when you were babies, you came to this mansion once. At that time, I was only a young pill, but thanks to that old guy, I became who I am today." He is a man of arrogance.

The man's gorgeous clothes, sharp edges and corners, and handsome face, matched with that refined elegance, very vividly resembles a poet who is full of poetry and books!

"Humph!"

"I don't know what you said!" The snake spirit's hands were bound by a rather strange force. The more the snake spirit struggled, the tighter the restraint became.

At this time, the snake spirit looked stunned, and then looked at the man sitting next to him, and did not care that because of the struggle, the restraint made his wrists red.

"The daughter of Immortal Master Crazy Wood is truly extraordinary." The man clapped his hands and applauded.

"Immortal Master Mad Wood?" The Snake Spirit heard the words, and the delicate pupils seemed to recall something.

"You lied to me, who the **** am I?" The next moment, the snake spirit shook his head suddenly, then glared at the man.

"Hehe, it seems that you and the little princess of the Tianmuyu clan both forgot..."

"But that's fine, let me catch the little princess of the Tianmuyu, and I'll tell you guys slowly."

"Immortal Master Crazy Wood... Have you ever imagined that the fourth-grade immortal rank young pill that you were least optimistic about at the time controlled the life and death of your daughter and the last member of the Tianmuyu clan..." The man just finished speaking, the figure Weirdly disappeared into the room, leaving only the snake spirit!

"asshole!"

"Let's go after that!" The snake spirit cursed secretly.

However, the snake spirit's big eyes turned slightly at this time, obviously thinking about other things.

"Since it's a mansion and manor, why do you think there will be a familiar feeling?"

"What exactly is this place?"

"And the aura on the man just now, I'm afraid that his strength will not be inferior to that of Big Brother Snake Punishment, now it's going to be troublesome..." After the Snake Spirit finished speaking, he also looked around the room.

"This is just the front yard of the manor. After we go to the hall to get that thing, let's go to the backyard to have a look. I always feel that the snake spirit is there." Shan Yao said a little worried about the snake spirit.

"Yes." Xiao Yan responded.

After speaking, several people also came to the front of the hall.

In front of the hall, the door was tightly closed, and above the door, two large characters slowly appeared in front of the three!

"Wooden Hall." Two conspicuous characters appeared in front of Xiao Yan slowly, as if possessing other mysterious powers. Just when Xiao Yan stared at it, a feeling of trepidation suddenly appeared!

There are ten steps from the door.

Xiao Yan and a few people looked at each other, and then frowned, the hall here is obviously not simple.

He took a step slowly with his left foot, and Xiao Yan saw that there was no change, so he felt relieved and strode up.

After a few breaths, Xiao Yan came to the door of the hall. Through the door, Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that there seemed to be something in the hall slowly emitting light.

"I'll come this time, I always feel that something is staring at us secretly." Just when Shanyao was about to open the door, Xiao Yan said.

"Tsk tsk, this little human five-star fighting emperor in the early stage can actually have such a keen perception... Seeing his perception is so terrifying, he should also be an alchemist?"

"Alchemist, I hate this kind of person the most in my life..."

"But what exactly is in this wooden hall?"

"I've existed for hundreds of years and I haven't noticed anything wrong..." A few dozen meters away from Xiao Yan and the others, in a dark corner, the mysterious man who was in the backyard just now spoke slowly.

"Hey..." Xiao Yan placed his palm lightly on the door, and then slowly displayed his strength.

But the next moment, Xiao Yan felt strange.

Because this door is very strange!

The power you just displayed was actually eaten by this door?

This is something that has never happened before!

I just went to the Library Pavilion or the Refining Pharmacy, and there is no such situation. Why is this hall...

Moreover, Xiao Yan discovered that this aspect swallowed up his own power and ignored the fighting spirit of the power of the different fire, but Xiao Yan's soul power was absorbed a lot, which shocked Xiao Yan.

"What's going on here?" Xiao Yan stopped his hand instantly, then frowned slightly, thinking about the weirdness of this wooden hall!

"This place seems to be open like this..."

"Brother Xiao Yan give me the conch!" The next moment, Shanyao suddenly said.

Xiao Yan took out the conch and handed it directly to Shan Yao.

As soon as the conch started, Shanyao's aura couldn't help but become stronger. Immediately, instead of blowing the conch, Shanyao lifted the conch slightly with her jade hand, and slammed it directly at the door!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Clang!" With a sound, the tightly closed wooden hall door, under the blow of Shanyao Conch, was not damaged at all, but slowly opened.

Seeing this, Shanyao returned the conch to Xiao Yan contentedly. Xiao Yan didn't delay, just put it away, and then stared intently at the slowly opening door!

Here, if it is as the white paper said, then there will be a few rich treasures here!

That treasure is likely to be the key to helping Xiao Yan break through to the second-rank Emperor Rank Alchemist!

"Hehe, I didn't expect this human to actually have a token of the patriarch of the Tianmuyu clan. No wonder Shanyao would help him so much..."

"The voice of the sea, this is the most terrifying fairy weapon of the Tianmu fish family."

"However, in this wooden hall, I am also very curious, what exactly did Immortal Master Crazy Wood put in it..." After the man finished speaking, he suddenly moved slowly, facing behind Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!

The author had an earthquake here. Last night and tonight, it was a magnitude 5

Try to ensure that there will be no interruptions, sorry