Chapter Vol 4 1783: The woman on the **** mission!

When we went to sea, it was a clear sky, but as the ferry slowly left Shuiyuan City and headed towards the depths of the sea, the sky suddenly became dark, and the sea changed from the initial calm to extremely turbulent.

The ferry was quite large, and everyone had their own room, but on the entire boat, apart from a few very ordinary helmsmen, the rest were Xiao Yan and the Jasmine mercenary group.

At this time, Xiao Yan was in the room.

"This Jasmine mercenary group is probably not easy." Sitting quietly on the edge of the bed, Xiao Yan analyzed.

The mercenary group that the maid in red found for Xiao Yan yesterday was naturally the Jasmine flower mercenary group that had no record of mistakes, but this mercenary group was different from other mercenary groups, because apart from its leader, Jasmine knew the specifics of the mission. In addition, other companions do not know.

"Then Jasmine's strength is probably a six-star fighting immortal, and she is also a six-star fighting immortal with extremely powerful combat power. As for that Gu Lao's strength, I am afraid that it is not a four-star fighting immortal, but a five-star fighting immortal level, and that on the deck before departure. The weak woman above, she seems to have something precious in her arms."

"This mercenary group is really interesting, and the holy flame in my body is also squirming uncontrollably. It seems that there is indeed an aura that makes holy flames disgusting in this sea area."

"Soul Palace is still a foreign evil race, sin or something..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself, but he also knew that it was not the time to do it himself, so he stopped by still, ready to see what the mercenary group sold in the gourd Medicine, after all, his purpose is to find the root cause of this kind of hospital, and other things have nothing to do with him.

"Leader, will this alchemist have any impact on our plan?" On the other side, in the room surrounded by a special barrier, Jasmine took off her hat, and her face like goose feathers and white snow made people yearn for it. The old pale asked.

"Don't worry, a small five-star fighting immortal can't make big waves. Besides, when we are in some special areas above the sea and hunting that sea beast, we all need the protection of his soul power." Jasmine said quite a bit. Lazily speaking, it seems that in her eyes, Xiao Yan is not too much of a threat.

"Old Gu, once the battle is on, keep an eye on him." Said so, but as the head of the mercenary regiment, Jasmine was still cautious.

"Okay, but I still have a question."

"Captain, where is the mission of escorting that woman?"

"Will it be too dangerous?"

"This **** mission has been placed in the mercenary trade union for several months and no mercenary group has taken over. Although the reward is extremely rich, but..." At this time, Gu Lao was also worried, because this sea area is boundless, and it is The danger contained in it was even more unexpected, and Jasmine didn’t tell them the specific task, so they were also worried.

"Elder Gu, although our Jasmine mercenary group is small, don't break the rules."

"Don't worry, everything is under my control, I'll go back to rest." Jasmine didn't have any worries, on the contrary, she was looking forward to it.

If I can succeed this time, I can also retire. As for escorting the woman, although the journey is full of dangers, everything is worth it.

"Oh... well." At this moment, Gu Lao sighed helplessly and left alone.

In a twinkling of an eye, it was night, and the huge ferry was sailing alone in the sea, and a sound of thunder sounded in the sky, as if there were signs of a storm coming.

"Dong dong dong." With a sound, Xiao Yan's door was knocked.

"Please come in." Xiao Yan was just about to close his eyes to cultivate his soul power, when disturbed by such a voice, he opened his eyes and opened his mouth in surprise for a while, because this breath gave Xiao Yan an extremely tyrannical sense of strangeness, Xiao Yan didn't think it was this What a good stubble.

"Squeak."

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just disappeared, and a ghostly figure suddenly opened the door and poured into the room. At the same time, the slender hand swayed, and a milky white energy enchantment scroll fell off, and the bright energy beam easily The whole room is cut off from the outside world.

"Boundary scroll?"

"Assassination?" At this moment, Xiao Yan stood up suddenly, his pupils shrank tightly, staring at the figure in front of him, alertly.

The enchantment scroll is expensive, and it can temporarily isolate and hide a certain piece of void, which can be said to be the best choice for killing people and stealing goods.

"Don't get me wrong... that's not what I meant."

"Master Yanxiao, isn't it?" Just as Xiao Yan was about to start, a woman dressed in black gently took off her black clothes, and a rather elegant cyan skirt appeared.

"Mysterious woman?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked. When he was on the deck before, Xiao Yan had noticed that this woman was being protected by Jasmine, which was enough to show that this woman had something more attractive than himself. .

"My name is Zhang Yu." The woman in Tsing Yi shook her black hair lightly, regardless of Xiao Yan, and gently lowered it like a waterfall.

"You are this?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

Although the woman in front of her had a very good figure, with a delicate and high-quality figure combined with her attractive appearance, Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the strength of this woman was only one star fighting immortal, and she came here so blatantly... …

Not afraid of what will happen?

"No, the enchantment scroll is expensive to make. I'm afraid this guy's background is terrifying." Xiao Yan analyzed in his heart.

"I heard that you are an alchemist at the fairyland level?" Zhang Yu asked Xiao Yan directly, without beating around the bush. His beautiful eyes flickered slightly, as if he was thinking about other things.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, he also wanted to see what the girl wanted to do.

"If that's the case, then I might as well hide it."

"There is a sale or a deal, you should be interested." Zhang Yusheng said with a smile.

"Not interested Jasmine mercenary group outside, you can go and find them."

"I am a disabled and frail alchemist, but..." Xiao Yan looked at Zhang Yu vigilantly.

"Don't worry... I haven't finished my words yet." Zhang Yu couldn't help laughing at Xiao Yan's appearance.

"Not interested, you go out and find them."

"Go back." Xiao Yan waved his hand and issued an expulsion order.

"You you you!" When Xiao Yan came out like this, Zhang Yu's chest heaved violently, and he said quite angrily, if it wasn't for this kind of emergency, it would be impossible for Xiao Yan to be killed.

"Hurry up, or I'll call someone." Xiao Yan shrugged.

What a joke, his own fire attribute holy flame power, but now in this sea area without any land, Xiao Yan's strength is probably only in the peak period, even a five-star fighting fairy sea beast of the same level is enough to easily to reach a tie with himself.

"I'll leave when I'm done."

"The transaction I'm talking about is related to the emperor's disease."

"And maybe it will allow you to reopen a new attribute." Zhang Yu gritted his teeth and said word by word.

"Hey, Miss Zhang Yu, please take your seat." As soon as Zhang Yu finished speaking, Xiao Yan's attitude changed dramatically, and even an unprecedented frenzy spread out from his pupils!