Chapter Vol 4 1628: The power of clan lines, hang!

At this time, in the Demon Devouring Field, countless blood chains were constructed, and the monstrous sea of ​​demons within it exudes an unparalleled terrifying aura, rolling violently. The magic sound is shocking, and the spectacular scene is appalling.

"Zifan, I'm afraid this guy has already figured out your tricks..." Seeing that Xiao Zifan's attacks were all dodged by the green devil, Yu Rou'er said softly, her eyes staring at the blood-colored river below, At this time, the Green Goblin had integrated into it.

The dark green devil is simply called the green devil by the two of them. It is the fusion of countless evil powerhouses. The fighting skills he masters are naturally countless, and over the years, Xiao Zifan and this guy have fought hundreds of times, and I am afraid he has been killed. This guy figured it out.

"Susu!"

"Xiao Zifan... Your attack route has been mastered by me. This time, just wait quietly for **** to devour it!"

"Hahaha!" Immediately, beneath the three of them, the monstrous sea of ​​blood tumbled violently, and bursts of demonic sounds filled the air in an instant, completely filling the demon-devouring field space.

"Senior!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's expression was more solemn than ever.

"Use that power...help me!" After Shun breathed, Xiao Zifan's pupils suddenly became firm, circles of black energy also permeated from his body, and even with the increase of this power, Xiao Zifan's handsome eyebrows In between, there seems to be some obscure pattern of light, creeping quietly, about to break out of the ground.

"Damn... What kind of power is this?" The sea of ​​blood rolled violently, but it did not easily attack Xiao Zifan, because the Green Devil knew that this battle would definitely be the winner and the loser, and one of them would fall completely, so Extremely cautious.

"Hula-la!" Xiao Yan heard the words, and no longer hesitated, the source of the shadow system directly crushed the palm of his hand, and the energy as profound as the sea of ​​stars filled the entire body, and in a short time he possessed the power of six-star fighting immortals!

"What a tyrannical power... Now combining the power of the two holy flames and the great heavenly seed to display the two-colored and half-colored Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus, I am afraid that among the six stars, it is invincible." Feeling the profound energy in the body, Xiao Yan He spoke slowly.

"Devil Sea Ant Eater!" Seeing that Xiao Zifan's body was flickering with extremely dazzling black light, and there was something vaguely about to emerge between his eyebrows, the green devil did not hesitate, the sea of ​​blood rolled, with an overwhelming evil atmosphere, directly facing Xiao Zifan The chill came, and the overwhelming momentum was like the coercion of heaven and earth, which shocked people.

"Guru." The first time he felt the attack from the peak of the Seven Star Dou Xian at close range, Xiao Yan swallowed hard and said in shock.

If it weren't for the fact that he had temporarily possessed the power of the level of the Six-Star Dou Xian, I am afraid that this kind of fighting skills alone would have allowed him to lose all his combat power.

"Wooden God Bless!" In an instant, the seemingly weak Yurou'er waved her hand, and green power, with abundant life breath, permeated the three of them, protecting them.

"Weng Om!" For a moment, the three of them, surrounded by extremely strong green trees, struggled to resist the attack of the sea of ​​​​bloods. Although the attack of the Green Devils was delayed, they could not resist for long.

"Shadow Lord!"

"Boy, help me!" After a while, Xiao Zifan's pupils suddenly turned a strange black, and he burst out.

As soon as the voice fell, a black phantom slowly emerged in the void in the deep green devil realm.

It was a shadow, and its specific appearance was similar to Xiao Zifan's body, but it was attached to its existence, but when the shadow appeared, Xiao Yan's heart couldn't help but be touched, it seemed that the shadow carried the soaring evil energy, like a statue Like a real devil.

"The power of the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock!" Xiao Yan heard the words, without hesitation, a dazzling khaki liquid flame permeated from the Holy Flame Spirit within his body, and then suddenly gathered on the Shadow Lord.

"Ghost Face Soul Flame!" After a while, the power of Ghost Face Soul Flame was injected into Shadow Master's body in the same way. Suddenly, the Shadow Master was injected with two strong and powerful powers by Xiao Yan at the same time, and it suddenly swelled up. In an instant, it has a size of hundreds of feet, which is quite scary.

"Holy Flame?"

"Impossible!" The Green Goblin who was hiding in the sea of ​​blood suddenly exclaimed when he noticed the twinkling of two flames in Xiao Yan's body.

"Kill me!" Without giving the Green Devil any chance to react or breathe, Xiao Zifan snorted coldly, and the shadow-like shadow master behind him suddenly released his hunting aura that only belonged to him, and immediately locked on the green monster. The location of the demon, chased and killed it, and disappeared in this space in hiding.

"The Tomb of the Sea of ​​Blood!" Realizing that the Shadow Master had absorbed the power of the two holy flames, the Green Devil's heart suddenly became extremely dignified. Although the power of the holy flames could not kill him, it was enough to easily defeat him, and with the existence of Xiao Zifan , once he is injured, I am afraid that it will not be far from the fall.

"Hey!" As soon as the voice fell, countless blood-type bubbles tumbled violently in the sea of ​​​​blood, and then a red tombstone engraved with these countless evil lines emerged. This tombstone has just emerged. The breath is quiet, completely surrendered, as if kneeling and worshiping something.

"A half-'evil tool' among the foreign evil races..."

"It's a pity." His eyes were indifferent, and the power in his body was immediately gathered, and Xiao Zifan smiled when he saw the Green Devil appear like this.

"Half an evil tool..." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he saw this, Xiao Yan could see the tyranny of the evil tool for all to see.

"The tomb of the sea of ​​blood, suppress me!"

"Susu!" With the emergence of the blood-colored tombstone, the green devil in the sea of ​​​​blood spurted in a mouthful of blood, and suddenly the blood-colored tombstone seemed to come alive, with a deep breath, suppressing Xiao Zifan!

The strong aura of death and the power of blood merged together. In addition to the evil in the Demon Devouring Field, the majestic power contained in the tomb of the sea of ​​​​blood was like a shot from the Supreme, unable to resist.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Yu Rou'er's defense was instantly shattered, the bodies of the three were exposed to the void, and a wave of death suddenly appeared in their hearts.

"Kacha!" Just when the blood-colored tombstone was about to attack Xiao Yan and the three of them, the Shadow Master suddenly made a move and easily passed it. Suddenly, the blood-sea tomb, which was as strong as a half-evil weapon, was completely shattered, and it was even shattered by Er Duo. The fire of the holy flame, burning, will obviously perish completely with the passage of time.

"How is that possible..." Looking at this scene, the green devil in the sea of ​​blood couldn't help shouting. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"It's time to end..."

"Clan Marks... Kai!"

"Void Slash... Hanging!!" With the destruction of the tomb of the sea of ​​blood, the green devil's aura was also sluggish, and at the center of Xiao Zifan's eyebrows, a trace of black energy trembled gently like the light of extinction, and immediately turned into A beam of light from a sharp serrated giant sword roared away at the Green Goblin.

"Xiao...Xiao clan pattern?" At this moment, Xiao Yan didn't know what happened, but the Xiao clan bloodline hidden in the deepest part of his body exuded a wave of adoration!

That clan pattern is black as a whole, as if there is a pupil at the center of the eyebrow. The black pattern is carefully carved, and the power radiated in it may be punishable by heaven and earth, and Xiao Zifan's first strike was really performed using the power of the clan pattern. The tyranny of the momentum and attack power is simply appalling!

"Blood Sea Blood Explosion!"

"Since I can't live... let's fall here together!" Watching the unstoppable black sword gear attack, and adding the shadow master to attack secretly, the green devil roared, crazy thoughts emerged, and immediately a sea of ​​blood, It was completely detonated by it, completely exploded, and countless blood chains also exploded. That kind of violent energy may be enough to destroy the plane of a person!

The sea of ​​blood exploded, and the entire field exploded. Coupled with Xiao Zifan's powerful strike using the power of the clan lines, this void completely gave birth to a real **** scene!