Chapter Vol 4 2066: A grand formation!

The latest website: The altar mountain, standing majestically, like a pillar standing upside down, quite imposing, on the top of the giant mountain, a solemn altar of several kilometers emerged. Standing in the world with a smile, an invisible oppression swept out!

Even in the center, an old man in plain clothes stood quietly, waving to the surrounding powerhouses constantly, the power in his body was as vast as the sea of ​​stars!

"The Thunder Clan, the Soul Clan, etc., including the Medicine Clan, the genius alchemist of the six ancient clans and their leading elders, as well as some self-esteem sect powerhouses have gathered at this time."

"The ceremony of the Medicine Clan is indeed well-deserved." Xiao Yan and Xun'er had just arrived around the altar mountain, looking at the powerful medicine clan and some strong opponents on the edge of the altar, they couldn't help laughing.

However, there was no fear in his voice, instead there was a hint of heat and madness. His soul power was extremely tyrannical. If it weren't for the limitation of refining technology, I am afraid that he would have broken through the rank of immortal pharmacist at this time.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, Xiao Yan and the two also found a seat and sat down quietly, waiting for the grand ceremony to start.

"..." The time passed by one minute and one second, about an hour later, in the entire altar mountain, crowds were crowded, and countless powerhouses gathered together, and the real grand ceremony was about to begin!

"Hehe, welcome to the world of medicine, the old man, the head of the medicine family, Yao Wan, I will preside over this medicine family grand ceremony. Let's not talk nonsense. Let's witness the birth of the first pharmacist in the mainland." Waiting for the altar The surrounding voices quieted down. Looking at the seats that were full beside him, an old man in silver clothes slowly lifted into the air. A soft laughter made people feel more cordial, like a spring breeze, but anyone could smell it from this voice. An unfathomable breath!

The Patriarch of the Medicine Clan really lived up to his reputation!

"Yao Yuan, the patriarch of the Yao family?"

"It is said that this guy is one of the only three remaining eighth-rank alchemists on the entire Dou Di Continent."

"Holy pills, that's the supreme thing."

"A holy pill can fill the sea, but its power is invisible. Even the records in ancient books are very few. However, the three holy-rank eighth-rank alchemists on the entire continent are all from the medicine family. In addition, even if there are countless proud sons of the sky, they can't break through the immortal rank and step into the dreamed holy rank."

"Will there be any mystery in this, no one knows." With the appearance of this figure, the entire altar suddenly became quiet, and even some powerful people in the medicine family couldn't help but cast the most lofty gifts on it. Respect.

Saint-level pharmacists represent the top level of pharmacists on Doudi Continent today. Perhaps for the entire Daqian world, holy-level pharmacists are not necessarily the top, but here, he is undoubtedly the entire pharmacist world. The Taishan Beidou!

"Eight Star Fighting Immortal's perfect strength has not touched the reincarnation yet. It is a little bit worse than Senior Gu Yuan." Seeing this, Xun'er secretly rejoiced.

"You girl, don't forget his identity as a pharmacist, a holy rank eighth-grade pharmacist, enough to invite some reincarnation powerhouses to work for him, so to a certain extent, his power is even greater than Above Senior Gu Yuan." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Then Brother Xiao Yan, didn't he also invite the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal..." Xun'er heard the words and said unconvincingly, Xun'er naturally would not believe that Xiao Yan only had the medicine refining skills of the sixth-rank immortal rank, because Xiao Yan The soul power of that level is probably already comparable to the holy level, but for some special reasons, it is still lingering in the immortal level.

The seventh-rank immortal rank can invite the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, and the eighth-rank holy rank can ask some reincarnation ranks of the first entry path, and so on.

"Today is the day of my medicine clan's grand ceremony. My medicine clan uses medicine refining to meet friends. Although everyone is delicious and delicious, there is an unparalleled medicine refining competition to help you."

"I announce that the 300th Grand Ceremony of the Yao Clan will begin now!" Yao Wan Wan spoke slowly, his voice resounding through the sky like thunder, making countless people feel like thunder.

"I'm afraid this guy's combat power is also extremely terrifying." Hearing such a roar, Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"The competition of this pharmacist competition is fully controlled by the old man Yao Xuanyi."

"The ceremony is divided into three stages. I hope you can show all your strengths and talents. Even if you fail to win the championship, it will be much easier for you in the future."

"Participating in my Medicine Clan Grand Ceremony, bring your own Medal of Refining Medicine Master and come out!" Yao Xuanyi appeared next to Yao Wan Wan's body, and said with a smile on his face.

"These two old guys are really relying on the old to sell the old." Xiyue Sect Shen Hong looked at them in the distance, but cursed darkly.

"Shen Hong, remember what I said to you. In the three rounds of competition at the grand ceremony, if there is a chance, that kid named Xiao Yan, plus the Yan clan, the soul clan, and the medicine clan, must kill them all. , they are the most powerful opponents in your future as a pharmacist." Old Monster Shen Xi cast his eyes away and scolded him.

"Yes." Shen Hong heard the words and said with great excitement. After he finished speaking, he slowly stepped out with the seventh-grade Xuan-level medal of the immortal rank in his hand.

"Hunmu, practice for a thousand days, use it for a while, this grand ceremony, I hope it is built for you." Hunxuzi also smiled slightly.

"En." Hun Mu took a step forward, and then whispered, and a seventh-grade earth-level medal of the immortal rank appeared in his hand.

"Go girl." Elder Lingxi looked at Qian Ying next to him with relief.

"Teacher, I'm going, I definitely won't shame our spiritual clan." Ling Zixi even held a seventh-grade immortal rank medal in his hand, and approached the center of the altar.

"Have you written down what I said to you..." The red-haired and black-faced ancestor Yanyun said casually looking at Yan Xuan beside him.

"Take it down, don't worry, Patriarch, at this grand ceremony, I will let the Yao family know what it means to be someone outside, and there is a heaven outside." Yan Xuan sneered, holding a seventh-grade earth-level medal on the palm of his hand.

"Lei Luochen, I hope you can gain something from this grand ceremony. Our Lei Clan is no better than them. You are the hope in the clan. Just do your best." Lei Qianren was very open.

"Okay." Lei Luochen responded, and slowly stepped out with the Immortal Rank Seventh Stage Profound Rank Medal.

...

In addition, there are hundreds of people slowly walking out from behind but among those guys, almost all of them are in the category of close to a hundred years, and even the ranks are almost distributed in the fifth and sixth rank of the immortal rank. The seven ranks are only a few.

"Come out, two little fellows." Looking at the hundreds of alchemists gathered in the center of the altar, Yao Xuanyi waved at an inconspicuous place somewhere on the altar.

"The real genius brothers in the Yao family, Yao Yichen, Yao Yixuan."

"It is said that the soul power of the two has reached a terrifying height. Even some elders of the Yao family praised them. They are really powerful opponents." into the crowd.

The two of them were dressed in sparse and ordinary clothes, and they were no different from ordinary figures. The only difference was that the eyes of the two were as bright as stars, which was daunting.

At this moment, nearly 1,000 pharmacists have formed the real highlights of this medicine clan grand ceremony. I wonder if there will be a dark horse running out, or this session of the mainland's No. 1 alchemist still belongs to the medicine clan?

However, the title of the No. 1 alchemist in the mainland holds a pivotal position!