Chapter Vol 4 1935: Demon Fate Cave Heaven, Conferred Emperor Land!

The latest website: "Woohoo!" At this moment, with the earth-shaking changes taking place in the demon world, Xiao Yan, the Heisha Longwolf and the Ten Thousand Demon King, under the cover of the Demon of Light, directly entered the space-time wormhole. Among them, a long-distance space shuttle is carried out, heading towards the Demon Fate Cave.

And the four-winged angel had already returned to the Holy See of Douyun Continent with the demon of light. Even though she knew that the two white kings and some wicked people were trying to rescue the only red king here, she did not moved.

The survival and destruction of the demon world has nothing to do with him, not to mention that he deliberately let Xiao Yan and others go, and he has a huge bargaining chip in his hand.

Whether the demon emperor can break the seal and overcome the wrath of the red king... These are the tests left by the four-winged angel to the demon emperor. If he can't even pass these, then the so-called overlord of the demon world has no relationship with himself. Eligibility for a head-to-head contest.

As for why the four-winged angel planned this, I am afraid it is unknown, but for a strong person of her level, I am afraid it has something to do with the so-called kingdom of angels, but I don't know whether she is digging her own grave or reigning her own. The Path of Angels serves as a foreshadowing.

In the past, the first battle of heaven and earth attacked the other six worlds, and at the same time defeated the ancient emperors of countless foreign evil races, isn't the demon emperor comparable to the four wings...

In the dark void, countless ferocious time cracks are squirming like worms. Once swallowed by them, the consequences may be...

At this time, in the dark space-time wormhole, a flame barrier protected a few people, and they hurried on their way, seeming to be heading towards some mysterious place.

"I'm sorry for the hostess." After a while, Heishan Longlang was the first to speak, and just after he finished speaking, a tear the size of a bean-grain dripped uncontrollably from his dragon's eye.

Heisha Longlang was originally just an unknown person in the demon world. Later, after being rescued by the demon emperor and the demon of light, he was reborn. Later, he showed a strong talent for cultivation and was entrusted by the demon emperor. It is his loyal subordinate.

"Don't say that... I have a premonition that the demon of light will not fall easily, just because of the obsession in her heart."

"And I always feel that something is wrong with that four-winged angel. It seems that he is deliberately provoking and letting us go." Xiao Yan murmured, stroking the sleepy flame beast in his hand, wondering.

The flaming beast's aura is extremely unstable now, like an active volcano, it is always facing the traces of eruption, and that kind of terrifying power, even Xiao Yan can't suppress it.

Furthermore, by virtue of Xiao Yan's perception power, he discovered something was wrong with the Four Winged Angel, because with the strength of his reincarnation to survive the reincarnation calamity, and the power of an angel, it was easy to obliterate a few of them, but in the end he was blinded by light. The demon was rescued, and all of this was obviously a bit too unbelievable.

"Forget it, my lord, let's not think about these things for the time being."

"Now the demon world is in chaos. Without you in charge of the overall situation, our army will definitely face collapse, and the other two strong men have coveted the land sealed by the Lord for a long time. With your disappearance, they will probably take action, and the other two The whereabouts of King White are unknown, and I am afraid that the situation is extremely urgent now."

"So now whether it's for personal consideration or for the sake of the overall situation of the demon world, our top priority is to help the demon emperor break the seal. Other things, I'm afraid we can only discuss it in the long run." Wan Yaowang also said softly, obviously the current situation The situation is not optimistic, let’s break through the road directly.

"Wan Yao is right, I have to cheer up, otherwise I will betray the trust of the master and the mistress."

"I'll take you to Yaoyuan Cave!"

"There is the master's seal place. Whether it can be successful this time is up to Brother Xiao Yan." After Shun Qi, Heishan Longlang was also transformed into a middle-aged man, with a heavy aura all over his body. At this time, he couldn't care about the scars on his body, and he was only thinking about how to solve the current chaos in the demon world.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and there was a hint of deepness in his eyes.

Now the situation of the demon world can only be pinned on the legendary demon emperor. If this trip fails, I am afraid that the fate of all of them will become important wanted figures in the demon world.

In the dark void, a boundless crack in time appeared, and it was not known how long it took. Xiao Yan and the others suddenly sank, and the surrounding forces suddenly became dignified.

This is an independent space, the whole space is like a huge lair, there is no power in it, like a land of no one.

"Are you there?" In an instant, Xiao Yan looked at the strange space in front of him and spoke softly.

However, there is one thing that makes Xiao Yan extremely strange. There seems to be only a mass of undetectable power in the space here, but that mass of power contains a spooky black air, an ethereal Sanskrit sound that can purify the soul, and a touch that erodes people's hearts. magic!

Three powers!

Three kinds of power came one after another, slowly and completely caged this mysterious void, and inside it, there seemed to be a weak life, no matter how tyrannical these three powers were, they never went out.

"This is the most mysterious cave in the demon world."

"There is an extraordinary mystery in the Demon Fate Cave. Only the strong with coordinates can find it, and even with the strength of my peak period, I can't break in."

"This is the master's fief." After the breath, a wave that was extremely difficult to calm flickered in the eyes of the black dragon wolf, and he spoke slowly.

"As expected of the most mysterious place in the demon world." Xiao Yan smiled lightly.

The eerie and eerie ghost Qi Xiao Yan had already seen its horror, but Xiao Yan had never touched the other two auras.

"Go!" With an order, several people left the space-time crack directly and entered the edge of the Yaoyuan Cave.

The edge here is quite soft, and they are in a land of aurora, and the light beam under their feet carries Li Weimin's strong sealing power, which makes them extremely uncomfortable.

"Dragon Wolf, you're here." After the breath, a rather light voice slowly poured out from the land of aurora.

The sound was as pleasing to the eye as a lark, but it was impossible to tell where it came from.

"Master I brought the human you needed, but..." The Heisha Dragon Wolf stood upright with great respect, and immediately lowered his head slightly in the dragon's eyes, feeling extremely guilty.

"Other things, I'll talk about it after I break the seal."

"Little guy, I feel a lot of familiar auras from your body."

"Fen Jue, the blood of the Xiao family... It's really a good reincarnation of heaven." Suddenly, the entire void outside the cave shook violently, and scenes of domineering aura that surpassed the heaven and earth slowly overflowed, that kind of aura, enough Contempt of all things, truly contempt for heaven and earth!

"Weng Om!" When this breath swept out, three forces of ghost energy, Buddha's light, and demonic energy vented out, suppressing this shocking situation.

"Next, let's start the real drama." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes became deep again, and amber holy flames lingered out of his body. For a time, the space here suddenly became quiet, and even the three forces surrounded him. The mysterious imprisoning power also slowly exudes a look of waiting!