Chapter Vol 4 1342: Fierce cloud prayer!

"Next, Yun Qi will fight Snowy." The voice of Lei He, the person in charge of the competition, slowly drifted throughout the arena.

"Senior sister." Hua Fei just withdrew from the arena, and then said respectfully to Yun Qi.

"You have exposed too many cards in this battle." Yun Qi under the tulle moved her red lips and shook her head.

"..." Hua Fei also laughed helplessly, because the competition just now could have ended directly by means of thunder, but he underestimated the enemy and never thought that Bai Lan could actually have soul skills, so he exposed too many methods.

"Weng Om!" As Lei He's voice fell, the two figures suddenly walked out of the crowd.

"Yun Qi?" Duo Qifei, who had been quiet by the side, saw Yun Qi and couldn't help frowning.

This Yun Qi, whose accomplishments in refining medicine technology and soul power, may be the first person of the younger generation in the entire Eastern Continent today, so she just appeared, and the elegant fragrance on her body has suppressed everyone. The power of the soul permeates the arena.

"What a beautiful person..."

"But this strength is also terrifying..." Seeing this, some of the people present couldn't help but think of their beauty under the veil, but no one dared to break the peace.

On the other side, there is a woman named Xue Ni. The woman is dressed in a cheongsam, showing her enchanting figure to the fullest. Between her gestures and gestures, people have a stunner-like touch. Her appearance also makes the presence of The young and powerful are all excited, obviously not only because of their appearance, but also their strength should not be underestimated.

"Please enlighten me." Xue Ni's eyes were tightly locked. Ever since she knew that her opponent was Yun Qi, her expression had not been very good.

Xue Ni is the young master of a fairly good power in Leicheng. He is not a pharmacist, but he majors in soul and has successfully reached the fairyland, but even so, with the first heaven's favored son Yun Qi In comparison, there is undoubtedly some distance.

"Please." Under the veil, there was a voice without any emotion, as if Yun Qi didn't feel that Xue Ni was his opponent at all, and then the figures of the two women rushed into the arena at the same time.

The arena was empty, and the two women had just poured into it, and suddenly stood high in the sky, one left and one right.

"You are not my opponent, so admit defeat as soon as possible."

"Otherwise, if the battle of soul power is damaged..." Yun Qi had no intention of doing it, and a slight trace appeared on her red lips. She said that this is also for Xue Ni, otherwise it would be an ordinary person, who would have already lost. under the power of his own soul.

"How do you know if you don't try?" Facing Yun Qi's contempt, Xue Ni didn't feel any displeasure, but the delicate body wrapped in the cheongsam slowly radiated looming soul fluctuations.

"Soul!" With a low voice, Xue Ni immediately started to act, and the dazzling soul power was like a volcanic eruption, spewing out from the soul realm in his body as a crater in an instant.

"What a dazzling soul power, this Xue Ni may have reached the soul power of the early stage of the fairyland 'Tai Xu'."

"The early days of 'Tai Xu'?"

"It won't be so strong, will it?" The powerhouses outside the arena, whose soul power did not reach the fairyland, looked at each other in dismay.

"Very strong soul power, in the early stage of 'Tai Xu', it was enough for me to force my hands." Realizing that Xue Ni in front of him didn't seem to be as unbearable as he imagined, suddenly Yun Qi's unwavering face slowly emerged. Joking, at the same time, his pupils also slowly exudes a heart-pounding fluctuation.

"This guy." Xue Ni also noticed that there seemed to be something wrong with Izumo at this moment, her beautiful eyes shrank tightly, and the dazzling soul force protected it. This Yun Qi can be known as the number one in Dongzhou. The strong soul is definitely not an alarmist.

"Weng Om!" Without any excessive movement, Yun Qi's beautiful eyes flashed quickly under the veil, and the long eyelashes flickered, which contained some kind of mystery.

"There seems to be something in this guy's eyes?" Seeing that Yun Qi didn't mobilize his soul power, the next moment, the two girls met, and then Xue Ni seemed to be enchanted, with a sluggish expression, and her beautiful eyes were full of eyes. A whitish, dumbfounded foothold in the void, and even the soul power protecting his body dissipated at the same time.

"What's going on?" Many people present did not know why such a strange scene occurred, and they all looked at the arena. The bodies of the two figures stood upright in the void, and their pupils were full of sluggishness.

"Hey... Senior Sister's shot really doesn't matter." Seeing this scene, Hua Fei couldn't help shaking his head. Obviously, when Yun Qi was about to start, the outcome of the battle was already at stake.

"This battle, Yun Qi wins." After a while, Lei He's figure appeared directly in the arena, and then announced in public.

"Is this the end?"

"Xue Ni hasn't even conceded defeat, this shows the use of the power of the powerful..." An onlooker figure couldn't help but said angrily.

"Gulu." As soon as the onlookers finished speaking, Xue Ni's pupils suddenly shrank, and then the aura in her body wilted, and her delicate body fell uncontrollably towards the arena.

"You little girl..." After just declaring the victory, Lei He couldn't help but said to Yun Qi with the meaning of scolding together Seniors, don't worry, she's fine, she just fell asleep. "After Yun Qi finished speaking, her delicate body flashed, and she immediately returned to the outside, as if the battle just now had never happened.

"This……"

"too fast?"

"It took less than a minute of hunger before and after this, so you failed like this?"

"What happened just now?" Many people present who didn't know the situation looked at each other. They only saw the two women and four eyes facing each other. The next moment was the winner. What happened.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy is a formidable enemy." At this time, Xiao Yan stood quietly on the spot, and a sense of unease slowly spread out.

This Yun Qi's soul power gave him a very strong unease, and even this uneasiness was stronger than when he was fighting the pastoral song!

"Just now... what happened?" The three women gathered around, looking at Yun Qi, who was calm, and Yu Ran Ran was the first to speak.

"Just now, Yun Qi should have used the soul channel to transmit Xue Ni's soul power into her own soul space, so she easily defeated the opponent." Liu Qing's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and she noticed something.

"It's exactly as Liu Qing said." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

The soul channel is a direct and exclusive fighting method for the strong soul. The four eyes just now faced each other, obviously it was a contest, but it was a pity that Xueni's soul power, in the hands of Yun Qi, was still not worth mentioning.