Chapter Vol 4 1148: Yu family 3 old

After Xiao Yan completely wiped out the man in black, the enchantment slowly dissipated, and he didn't stop at all.

"What a magnificent mansion." Not long after, Xiao Yan and Qing Wenwen came to the main entrance of Qing's house. Xiao Yan saw two incomparably huge words appearing on the plaque, "Qing Mansion".

"Brother Xiao, let's go."

"You have helped my Qing family a lot in this trip, and you can be said to be a distinguished guest of my Qing family." Qing Wen said with a smile as he looked at the door of the house in front of him.

"What are you talking about, Brother Qing is very polite." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

After the two were polite, they walked directly into the Qing Palace.

Just after entering the Qing Mansion, Xiao Yan saw the guards who came and went on patrol. These guards were well-trained and their strength was almost at the peak of Dou Di. From this, it could be seen that the Qing family was a great family.

"Brother, father has been waiting for you in the living room for a long time." Xiao Yan and Qingwen had just passed through a few alleys, and suddenly Qinger's figure slowly appeared not far away.

"You niece." Seeing this, Qing Wen suddenly laughed. Obviously, this niece had already told her father more or less about Xiao Yan.

"It's okay." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

"Then let's go, go to the living room first." After Qing Wenwen finished speaking, she led Xiao Yan directly to the living room, but at this time, there were three figures standing slowly in the living room.

Among the three, there is a triangular sitting posture. The one at the top is a middle-aged man. The man is dressed in relatively simple clothes, but on that face, he sees a smile that has been through vicissitudes of life, but under that smile. , but it contains extremely terrifying fluctuations.

The two figures below are an old man with white hair and a middle-aged black-haired man who is over fifty years old.

"Patriarch, is the news that Qing'er said when she came back this time true?" After a while, the white-haired old man was the first to break the silence and asked.

"The second head of Qingyu, you should know that Qing'er is usually taciturn. To be praised so much by her, she must be a gifted person." The first head of the family, Qingming said.

"The owner is right." The black-haired man on the next side also laughed.

These three people are the third-in-command of the Qing family today.

The leader is Qing Ming, the current head of the Qing family, who has the strength of a two-star Dou Xian perfection. The white-haired old man is the late second-level leader of Qingyu and the second-star Dou Xian, and the black-haired man is the third-level leader of Qingyi.

Although the Qing family has the third-in-command, the decisive role is still the head of the Qing family, Seimei, because whether it is strength or overall control, Seimei is very popular.

"But according to what Qing'er said, I'm still a little curious."

"The origin of this guy is unknown, but he was able to use the strength of the Dou Di Peak against Yu Quan in the middle stage of the one-star Dou Xian and ten puppets of the Dou Di Peak."

"And after he was promoted to Dou Xian, he defeated Yu Quan with thunder." Seimei narrowed his eyes into a line, raised his head slightly, and there was a hint of deep meaning in his eyes.

"I think..." As soon as Qingming finished speaking, Qingyi, the third master, wanted to speak, but was interrupted by Qingming.

"They're here." Seimei opened the door slightly.

"Squeak." As Seimei finished speaking, the tightly closed wooden door was gently pushed open, and two men walked towards him.

"The clerk has met his father and two uncles." Qing clerk said respectfully.

"Hahaha."

"Document, you did a good job."

"It actually really broke through to the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortals." Qing Yi smiled, obviously with a carefree personality.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen three seniors." Seeing this, Xiao Yan clasped his fists to show respect. After all, the strength of the three guys in front of him, no matter who they are, is far from his own.

"Are you the mysterious guy that Qing'er often mentions..." The second master Qing Yu couldn't help but look up and looked at Xiao Yan carefully, the deep pupils under his white hair seemed to want to explore Xiao Yan's bottom line Exactly general.

However, Xiao Yan's soul power is tyrannical. In addition to possessing Sheng Yan and Fen Jue, although these three people are not weak, it seems a little difficult to see through them.

"It's him."

"Father, Brother Xiao Yan helped us several times during our visit to Ghost Moon Well. If it wasn't for him, I'm afraid we wouldn't be able to get our hands on the treasure in Ghost Moon Well."

"By the way, father, this is the mad magic pill, the greatest treasure we got in the Ghost Moon Well." At the next moment, Qing Wen directly took out the medicinal pill he got from the Ghost Moon Well.

"what!"

"It's actually a mad magic pill?" Seeing Qing Wen's move, even the three powerful figures suddenly leaned forward.

The name of the mad magic pill, they are very clear!

It is an elixir that can make people improve their strength in a short period of time, and it will not have too many tyrannical side effects. It is simply a magical elixir!

The reason why the Qing family has been unable to surpass the Yu family is because the Yu family has a genuine three-star fighting fairy!

The two-star fighting immortal, of course, is a phoenix-like existence in the ghost king city, but the three-star fighting immortal from the Yu family can be said to be the real power of the ghost king city!

So as long as the three-star fighting immortals of the Yu family don't have any accidents, no one can shake their overlord status.

"Hehe, clerk, you've worked hard for this trip." Seimei suppressed the surprise in his heart and slowly took the mad magic pill and said.

He is now a 2-star Dou Xian with complete strength With the addition of the mad magic pill, the Yu family's 3-star Dou Xian has no worries at all.

"Father, we are tired from this trip. Please let us retire and rest first. After all, the auction is about to start." Seeing the three heads of the family were quite happy, Qing Wen said. After finishing speaking, he walked to Qing Ming's ear and whispered one sentence.

"This statement is reasonable."

"Come here, arrange the residence of Brother Xiao Yan."

"According to the VIP rank!" The next moment, after Seimei heard Qing Wen's whisper, his face was startled and he said slowly.

"Junior will retire first." When he left, Xiao Yan couldn't help being polite.

"Patriarch, what did the clerk tell you just now?" Seeing Seimei whose attitude had undergone a 180-degree change, the two leaders couldn't help asking.

"This little guy is probably a real pervert."

"Sure enough, people are getting old, and it's not good to refuse to accept the old." Seimei smiled.

"What the **** is going on?" And the third head of Qingyi was also at a loss.

"This guy, when his strength is still at the peak of Dou Di, can stop Yuquan and the ten puppets of Dou Di's peak strength."

"Later, by virtue of his strength in the early stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal, he wiped out a man in black from the Yu Family who was in the late One Star Fighting Immortal."

"If I guessed correctly, the man in black is probably Hei Yu." Seimei smiled.

And as Seimei's voice just fell, there was silence in the entire living room!

l