Chapter Vol 2 701: end

"Xiao Yan!" Mu Yingying suddenly exclaimed as Xiao Yan appeared.

"I'm fine, it's just that the Lord of Boundless Mountain took me to an unfamiliar space, and then wanted to devour the flames in my body. In the end, I didn't know why, but it was actually devoured." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"If it's all right, let's go."

"This time the team game is full of flaws, let's go back and talk about it first." Xiong Yuan said slowly, and after that, he took a few people to the outside!

Xiong Yuan didn't ask much about the flames on Xiao Yan's body. Anyway, he didn't have any doubts about Xiao Yan's words.

"Is it over, the thing of the five-element beast..." Xiao Yan didn't seem to want to leave, but his soul force glanced around and did not find the whereabouts of the five-element beast. It seemed to have disappeared, and he said immediately.

"Ah..." He sighed and left immediately.

At that time, the Luolingshan team competition is completely over!

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiong Yuan and the others left Luoling Mountain and returned to Burning Incense Pavilion.

"You guys, go back first, and wait for the announcement of the reward." Mu Xuzi smiled.

"Okay." Qin Xin and the others dispersed when they heard the words, while Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan headed towards their residence. As for Xiao Yi, she had been lurking in Xiao Yan's body since Xiao Yan left the Holy Flame space.

"These guys are really the nemesis of Burning Incense Pavilion. Wherever they go, they will turn the world upside down." Seeing Xiao Yan and the others leave, Xiong Yuan spoke slowly.

Although the specific reason is unknown in the Luoling Mountain, the spirit of the Luoling Mountain has fallen, and the special space of the Luoling Mountain also exists in name only.

"It's been a few years since the Zongmen competition. I have confidence that this time our Human Palace, the Fenxiang Pavilion will shine!" Mu Xuzi smiled slowly.

"By the way, the moving ruler of your human hall..." Xiong Yuan suddenly remembered something.

"Since the establishment of the sect, that thing has been cultivated by the first generation of pavilion masters. Even now, no disciples have cultivated it. I don't know why..." Mu Xuzi said with some doubts.

The power of this Heaven-shifting Ruler is said to be extremely terrifying, but how terrifying it is, because no one has cultivated it, they don't know its power.

"This matter has to be slowed down for a while. Let's let these guys enter the cultivation place of the third, sixth, and nineth grade."

"Where should their strength be improved."

"And according to the news from the palace master, it seems that there are ruins coming out, about half a year later." Mu Xuzi thought for a while, and then said thoughtfully.

"The ruins after half a year?"

"Half a year should be enough for them to improve their strength in the three, six, nine and other places. When the ruins are born, it will be just for them to temper..."

"Then it's the sect competition." Xiong Yuan thought slowly in his heart.

"Let's go, it's better to go back and report to the old man now." Mu Xuzi nodded, and then walked towards the place where the old man was.

"Xiao Yan, why haven't they come back yet?"

"I'm dying." Inside the Wuzhu Residence, Mu Feng walked back and forth, facing the distance.

"Don't worry, Xiao Yan is sure that Jiren has a natural appearance and will be fine." Green Flute hurriedly comforted.

"The team competition this time is inexplicable. I always feel that we have been tricked by the sect?" Mu Feng said with some unpleasantness in his heart.

Thinking about it carefully, this time the Zongmen team competed, on the surface, ten of their teams entered the Luoling Mountain to compete for the first place, but now it seems that the Fenxiang Pavilion has long known that the Luoling Mountain is not peaceful, and let them enter a good tempering !

This shows that it is to trap them!

"I can't say that, at least we've gotten a little better." Green Flute couldn't deny Mu Feng's words, and shook his head.

"Oh, forget it, let's just wait and see." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he glanced around directly, and then slowly muttered to himself.

"Big brother." After Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying separated from Qin Xin, Xiao Yi, who had been attached to Xiao Yan's body, appeared instantly.

Mu Yingying was a little surprised at the appearance of Xiao Yi at first, but now she is no longer surprised.

"Are you alright?" Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan can be considered as sharing weal and woe, so Xiao Yan directly asked without shyness.

"It's okay, when I was possessed before, my body was a little weak, so I stayed in the eldest brother's body. Now my strength has recovered." Facing Xiao Yan's heartfelt concern, Xiao Yi only felt a warm current in her heart.

"Your strength seems to have reached the full saturation of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

Although this Xiao Yi is a fire elf, his strength is extremely terrifying, but this improvement is too fast.

"Almost, but I have a hunch, it seems that to break through the eight-star Dou Di can only enter the next growth stage or some natural treasures." Xiao Yi said slowly.

"The power of flame required to advance to the next stage is too huge, even if I have holy flame now, it is impossible."

"The plan for now is to use the treasures of heaven and earth, and I will give you attention." Xiao Yan said.

"En." Facing Xiao Yan's straightforward arrangement, Xiao Yi was speechless for a while.

"Let's go, go back first." Mu Yingying said skillfully, and then Xiao Yi, who was in a daze and didn't know what she was thinking, also returned to normal.

Burning Incense Pavilion youth residence.

The residence of the young and old is quite elegant, and the concierge is also very simple.

At this moment, a young girl took hurried steps and pushed open the door in an instant.

"You're back?" Qing Lao sat lazily on the table and said a little without turning his head. Don't think about it, Qing Lao also knows who is coming.

The only one who can enter his room so boldly without knocking on the door is probably his precious disciple.

"Teacher, that Xiao Yan is very strong." Qin Xin just opened the door, and she did not shy away, and spoke directly.

"Now you know how powerful that guy is?"

"I remember that someone said at the beginning There can't be any outstanding people in the Hall of People..."

"Hey, it looks like now..." The old man smiled at Qin Xin rather funny.

"Teacher!" Facing the young man's joke, Qin Xin's cheeks suddenly flushed with a hint of crimson, and then she let out a coquettish anger.

"alright, alright."

"How's it going?" Seeing that his heart-warming disciple was actually blushing, Qing Lao immediately asked about the matter.

"As you said, teacher, the Lord of Boundless Mountain is trying to gather the dead beasts in the entire Luoling Mountain, so as to break through the shackles of the mysterious space of Luoling Mountain and enter the human world."

"But I didn't expect that the Lord of Boundless Mountain was actually a three-tailed demon fox." Qin Xin said.

"The three-tailed demon fox, sure enough." The old man was not too surprised when he heard the words, but said calmly.

"Teacher, do you know?" Qin Xin's eyes were slightly wrinkled.

"That's right."

"But I didn't expect it to be it." The old man's voice was a little sad.

"Okay, go down and have a good rest. You don't need to worry about Luoling Mountain."

"The next task for you is to enter the three, six, nine, and other places of practice to improve your strength, and to practice the techniques of our Heavenly Temple."

"I hope to make a big difference in the sect competition!" The old man said with anticipation.

"Disciple takes orders!" Qinxin said, and then slowly closed the door and left here, because by virtue of her perception, Qinxin knew that the arrival of the two deputy hall masters, Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi, must also be taking care of Luoling Mountain's funeral.

"Xiao Yan, you are very strong, but I will not lose to you!" Qin Xin said slowly, and then went directly to her residence, a thought of becoming stronger and not admitting defeat slowly appeared. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: