Chapter Vol 4 2014: Liu Hao vs Blood King Mo!

"Humph……"

"I don't know who gave you such a fearless courage to break into my Senluo **** alone."

"I have to say, the younger generation in the Holy See has become hopelessly stupid." The black-robed figure on the blood-red throne stood up slightly, and the gloomy blood light rose into the sky, with a touch of unparalleled Xeon fluctuations, Swept out!

"Hahaha!" Liu Hao heard the words, the hot and bright aura on his body melted the gate of the evil castle in one fell swoop, and walked step by step towards the Blood King.

"Since you are determined to die, then..."

"Die!" Seeing Liu Hao like this, the Blood King smiled, took off his black robe, and an unusually gloomy face accompanied by a human body wrapped in countless blood lines, reflected in Liu Hao's eyes.

Blood King Mo, the powerhouse of the Black King rank among the evil clans outside the realm, has the perfection level of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, and holds the evil tool in his hand.

Without any pause, on the body of the Blood King Mo, the monstrous blood light was like a sharp blade, roaring away at Liu Hao with the momentum of thunder, that kind of attack was so tyrannical that it was outrageous, even if it was an eight-star fight. In the late immortal stage, there is only a sad end.

"Kacha!" The blood king Mo's seemingly ordinary blow was abruptly shattering the armor of light covering Liu Hao's body in an instant. The sound and tremor of broken fragments lingered in Liu Hao's heart.

"Eight-star fighting immortals are complete?"

"Black King rank?" At this moment, Liu Hao was restless and couldn't help but be surprised.

"Oh?" The blood king Mo Zaidu retreated to the Scarlet Throne after the blow failed. The blow just now was extremely tyrannical. He had enough confidence to obliterate Liu Hao, but the armor of light on his body resisted most of the power, and even It was the broken armor of light that also exuded a trace of divine aura that eroded the blood-evil aura that engulfed him, which made him feel a little bit of vigilance.

In the past, Blood King Mo also fought against the Holy See angels, but the light aura on those angels was far from one-third of the man in front of him. Anyone who arrives must be tyrannical!

"It doesn't matter, you can only use your real skills." After Shun breathed, Liu Hao frowned. He knew that this situation was far beyond his control. If he didn't do anything, he probably wouldn't have any chance.

"Light!"

"Angel's wings!" A high-pitched Sanskrit sound, like a simple waiter singing, slowly resounded throughout the castle.

"Angel Wings?"

"How is that possible?" At this moment, Blood King Mo's pupils were filled with blood and suffocation, and he stared at Liu Hao with an unbelievable look.

At the same time, the armor of light on Liu Hao's body shattered instantly, and it was replaced by a bright fire that was hot and warm and contained divine power!

The light of Bai Zhi formed a flame, quietly attached to Liu Hao's back, a thousand-zhang-sized energy wings, which directly penetrated the castle and spread to the outside world. The lines are shrouded on its body, so that it is protected from the corrosion and erosion of the evil blood here.

"Good good!"

"What an angel!"

"And looking at it like this, I have never seen this guy's angel wings before. I'm afraid he has a high status in the Holy See... This time, let the Holy See know how miserable it is for offending our foreign race!"

"Susu!" The icy suffocating energy slowly swept out, and an unusually evil laughter echoed in the evil castle.

However, the Blood King Mo was not in a hurry. He is a dignified Eight-Star Fighting Immortal with complete strength. He has absolute confidence, but he also wants to see, why is the angel wings of this guy in front of him so mysterious?

The angel wings on Liu Hao's body are slowly taking shape, but on his angel wings, every feather is depicted with a petite shadow, which looks like the most ancient angel soul shadow, extremely tyrannical!

"Crash!" The dazzling breath of light shone on this forest of hell, causing countless weak and evil shadows to vanish in an instant, and even the eight giant golems and the demon baby shivered together.

"Blood King Mo, I hereby announce in the name of the Holy See Angel."

"Your life will be taken away by me, and your sins will be judged by the Holy See!"

"Let's capture it!" After everything was brewed, Liu Hao's body was empty, and the top cover of the castle was directly overturned by the angel's wings. The angel's wings swayed behind Liu Hao, standing in the sky, as dazzling as a scorching sun, with endless splendor blooming. out.

That attitude is as unattainable as the highest law enforcer in the world, extremely sacred!

"It turns out... that I actually met the Son of Light who is a rare encounter in the Holy See in ten thousand years."

"Hahaha!" Ignoring Liu Hao's self-talk, the Blood King Mo's body shook, and at the same time, he lifted off into the sky, and his blood-colored evil eyes flashed with unparalleled fiery and madness!

Child of Light!

These three simple words contain the pronoun of the peak of the light attribute in the Holy See of the Great Thousand Worlds!

Perhaps the current Son of Light has not fully grown up yet, but every time the Son of Light appeared in the past, it would bring unprecedented destruction to their extraterrestrial evil clan. Therefore, the foreign evil clan's hatred for the Son of Light has reached the level of skin and blood. .

"Since you brought it to the door yourself, then I'm welcome."

"It just so happens that I also really want to see what the terrifying power of the rumored Son of Light has." Blood King Mo gave a gloomy smile. The whole land of Senluo hell, the sky was wriggling, and scenes were like the blood of evil purgatory. The evil spirit swept out uncontrollably!

The monstrous sea of ​​blood rolls Every rollover will bring huge depression, making the entire ancient prison tremble!

"The Chain Blade of Light!" With a high-pitched cold snort, a milky white chain filed out from Liu Hao's chest, and immediately emerged with one hand, and suddenly shot at the Blood King Mo!

The angle is tricky, and even the strength is extremely tyrannical, and for a while, the blood king Mo is slightly moved.

"Condensation." Looking at the light chain blade that contained the breath of light, and even added the unique power of the Son of Light, the Blood King Mo laughed.

Even if Liu Hao used Angel's Wings, there is still an irreparable gap in strength between the two. This battle was doomed from the very beginning.

"Crash!" The blood king Mo's voice fell, and the whole body of the blood-colored throne was full of evil lights.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the light chain blade did not cause any damage, but was easily swallowed by the blood-colored throne of the blood king Mo Zhou.

"Damn, it's really strong." Seeing this, Liu Hao couldn't help being vigilant!

Obviously, he underestimated and underestimated the power possessed by the Eight-Star Dou Xian Perfectionist before.

For a time, the war also entered a stalemate.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: