Chapter Vol 4 2179: Burn the first realm, burn the foundation!

"It's amazing."

Seeing that the mysterious formation was actually disintegrating under the power of the Scales of Domination, a smile suddenly emerged from the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and it seemed that this trip became interesting.

Otherwise, without the help of this thing, the thing just now will trouble me for a lot of time.

"But speaking of it, the location of this Immortal Sect seems a bit strange."

Xiao Yan stood above the water and looked up, but saw a huge creature appearing at the end of his field of vision. From a distance, the bottom of the island was like a huge rock, and there was no difference. Dozens of miles of islands stand on it, which is quite imposing.

However, some power in Xiao Yan's body made Xiao Yan vaguely feel that this "rock" does not seem to be a real rock, but more like a living creature. As for the specific reason, it is not that Xiao can covet it. inside.

"Forget it, let's go first."

"Having passed the test of formation, it shouldn't be difficult for me here."

Xiao Yan shook his head, then slowly stepped onto the water column channel and headed towards the island. If this time the core of the plane is related to the Dragon King, I am afraid there will be double happiness.

"The mountain road is rugged, is this the only way..."

As soon as he stepped on the island, feeling the abundant energy of heaven and earth and the fragrance of birds and flowers, Xiao Yan's heart became more relaxed.

The scenery here is beautiful, the foliage is lush, and it is like a paradise, which is refreshing, but there is only one road in the middle of the road leading to the island house.

"Squeak."

Xiao Yan tiptoed to hide his breath and walked towards the center of the island.

The center of this island is a small mountain, surrounded by low-lying mountains and towering, with a **** of about forty-five degrees, but the precious medicinal materials that can be seen along the way make Xiao Yan sigh.

Who is it that can live here?

"There is actually a human breath in a remote area ahead?"

After walking about dozens of steps, Xiao Yan heard the sound of water waves playing with mandarin ducks in front of him. He stepped out immediately, and slowly approached with the help of some rocky terrain.

A lake surrounded by a faint cyan aura appeared in Xiao Yan's sight.

"No way……"

In the clear lake water, a short-haired figure was jumping excitedly. Whether it was her delicate skin or her lips and eyebrows, it was enough to be regarded as a stunner in the world.

But the strange thing is that there seems to be a layer of faint cyan energy on the figure's body, and on the figure's body, apart from the basic skin appearance, there is no woman's characteristics.

"Cyan light print?"

After using the soul power to find out, looking at the bright body in the pool water, even on its forehead, a cyan pattern emerged.

This silk pattern is quite familiar to Xiao Yan, because the shape of this cyan light seal is impressively the appearance of the scales above his own body!

Even if there is a slight deviation, but with the power of the Dragon God Transformation, Xiao Yan is very sure that the lines on the forehead of the guy in front of him are indeed the tyrant light seal!

"who!"

"get out!"

At the moment when Xiao Yan lost his mind, a pair of icy eyes emerged from the lake, shouted angrily, and emerged from the pool. Although the strength was only about four or five-star Dou Xian, it was terrifying.

"Is it a man?"

The pink and tender skin seemed to be able to easily squeeze out the water, there was a trace of anger in his eyes, and he stared at Xiao Yan with extreme vigilance.

"Puff puff!"

Water waves emerged, and bursts of crystal waves emerged. This beautiful man was red-flowered, holding a jade sword and pointing at Xiao Yan.

"I broke through the formation of the sea area, and hurriedly entered here to find the path of immortals, and hope that the immortals will guide the way."

Xiao Yan said reverently, saying that he hoped to resolve this embarrassment by coincidence.

But since the guy in front of him is a man, what just happened is naturally not a misunderstanding.

"What... you broke through the formation above the sea?"

The beautiful man's red lips pursed slightly, and a voice of surprise emerged, and his anger even calmed down a bit.

Looking up, this guy clearly looks like a girl, with red and white skin, short hair, and even lips and eyebrows, which are eye-catching!

A seductive body, but a manly man.

However, Xiao Yan naturally won't care about this guy, as long as he can let himself find the core of the plane.

"This friend, please follow me to meet the Sect Master."

He hurriedly put away the offensive, the beautiful man walked up the mountain with Xiao Yan, the blue light print between his eyebrows also showed a hint of warmth.

Xiao Yan didn't say much and followed, but his intuition told Xiao Yan, I'm afraid something happened here, and it might even have something to do with the so-called hegemony?

Tyrant Dragon King, the peak power of the water attribute, if he can obtain his full power, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's strength will leap by leaps and bounds!

Along the way, the two remained silent, but thanks to Xiao Yan's inquiries, they learned that this beautiful man's strange appearance seemed to be related to his wonderful practice.

Sure enough, the world is full of wonders!

On the top of the small peak in the center of the island, the small forest outside the house is green, and birds and beasts appear from time to time, which is peaceful.

"Master, someone is here."

The beautiful man gently pushed open the door, only to see a quiet old man kneeling on the futon, his whole body covered by a yellow robe, a string of rosary beads in his fingers constantly twisting, and the corners of his mouth were muttering some rather strange words. The mysterious note, the slightly dimmed Zen staff beside the body was quietly put aside, but a terrifying power was released from the invisible.

The old man closed his eyes and paid homage, and his voice was extremely flat.

In front of him, there is a bronze statue, the bronze statue is immortal, like a fairy, but it makes it easy to distinguish its figure.

"Xihai Guanyin Bodhisattva?"

Looking at this bronze statue, combined with the situation around this old man, Xiao Yan was shocked!

"This donor, can he be pregnant with holy flames?"

The old man spoke lightly, his voice was flat, but he had a profound meaning.

"Yep."

Xiao Yan nodded, and the amber flame burned out from his body, causing the house to tremble slightly.

Although several questions plagued him, Xiao Yan was not good at speaking out.

The cyan light seal, the Dragon King under the tyrant, is the sect master of this sect or the Zen master of the Buddhist realm?

what's the problem?

"Wong Buzz!"

Immediately, the dim staff beside the Zen master burst into the light of Buddha's light, and the blue halo was released together, refreshing and soothing the soul.

"Donor, it can be counted as waiting for you."

At this moment, the old eyes of the Zen master instantly opened, and a touch of long-standing power emerged.

That kind of power is actually reincarnation!

And in the reincarnation, there is also a touch of domineering power!

"Master, this?"

Xiao Yan said softly.

"Boom."

"Lang Er Let's go."

The Zen master carried the Zen staff by his side, and immediately moved his old footsteps from the futon.

"Pfft!"

The Zen staff swayed gently, and directly scratched some golden Buddhist scriptures in this room. In the blink of an eye, the golden Buddhist scriptures cut through the void, and a golden door of light emerged out of thin air.

"Sisi!"

The golden door of light appeared, and a surging breath rushed towards his face, like a violent wave hitting his cheeks, causing bursts of pain.

"Donor, please."

"All questions are behind this door of light."

The Zen master said aloud and made a gesture of invitation.

"Boom!"

With a bang, the three of them submerged together, and as for this place, the silence was restored.