Chapter Vol 4 1806: Angels come!

"This……"

"What kind of monster is this?" At this moment, the corners of Ji Xuan's mouth, standing at the foot of the giant dark underworld, were dry and blank.

He possesses some ancient power in his body, which is enough for him to walk sideways among the six-star Dou Xian with the initial strength of the five-star Dou Xian, but in the face of Mal who has just devoured the immature devil fruit, a wave comes from the bottom of his heart, even his soul. The fear above filled my heart.

"This is a demon." Xiao Yan's eyes were extremely dignified at this time, staring at Marr, who was covered in dark green blood mist. He also felt a throbbing power.

"Is this the devil attribute that comes from the devil fruit... Compared with the fallen angels and the 'death gods' in the underworld, it is really not much."

"But now there is a special space in the depths of my body. There is only a trace of the remnant of the soul here. Otherwise, this kind of thing is really something worth exploring." At this moment, in the Emperor Yan Ring on Xiao Yan's finger, Tuo Shegu Di Xuying whispered softly.

"Weng Om!" At the same time, the entire nest became trembling, and the devil-like Marr above the evil tree was terrifying.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, the blood mist dissipated directly, and the bone pain all over Marr's body sounded violently. His skin color was changing, and in an instant, it turned into a rare monster dark green, even when the dark green skin filled his body. , a dark green blood pattern, like a hideous demon, was completely carved on the entire body!

"Boom!" Mar's mutation has not been completely completed, but the immortal soul sword cast by Soul Yan is to break free from the shackles of the evil tree and easily come to Mar's side. The extremely gloomy destructive power may be enough to destroy the demon baby. Totally screwed up here!

"Squeak." A strange scene appeared. Just when Marr's body changed strangely, the soul sword was gently pressed against by Marr's palm, and immediately above the corner of his mouth, a dark green tooth was exposed like a peerless beast. Appeared, looking extremely **** and hideous!

"This monster!" At this moment, Soul Flame Soul Wuji glanced at each other, and he also sensed a real wave of death from the body of Marr, who was looking so weird now.

"It's not too late, let's go!" Dare not to hesitate, the figures of the two exploded at the same time, and countless ghosts roared under their feet. For a time, the two even flew away from the nest space, trying to escape from here!

Even though they lost a lot of Soul Hall powerhouses and fell short, but they are not willing to face Marr in the current state?

This shows what?

It shows that although the current Marr has not fully evolved into a demon, the power contained in it can easily obliterate the two of them.

"Squeaky!" It seems that since swallowing the Devil Fruit, Marr has become a different person, watching the two flee without any hesitation, the dark green evil hair above his head grows wildly, and in the blink of an eye, the entire nest The space was completely filled with dark green evil hair!

The foreshadowing of the dark green evil hair makes this lair like a dark green evil world, and it is like a purgatory surrounded by demons!

"This lunatic!" At this moment, Soul Yan looked at Marr behind him and cursed to himself.

They brought a lot of soul hall powerhouses on this trip, and even lost a trace of faith for this. Now the huge price, they did not get the devil fruit, and even the lives of the two of them were in jeopardy, for a while growl.

"Squeaky!" Demon Marr didn't seem to want to say anything more to the two. Between his teeth shaking, a trace of evil power eroding people's hearts, along the dark green evil hair, blasted away at the two soul flames.

"What should we do now?" Ji Xuan asked Xiao Yan, looking at the two souls who were like lost dogs.

"I'm afraid Marr has turned into a demon now. Although it's not the purest, his power is comparable to the late stage of the human eight-star fighting immortal... and there are two devil fruits in the evil cauldron, and he can't go now." At this moment , Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, it seems that this Devil Fruit has brought a great impact on Xiao Yan, but at the same time, the Fen Jue in Xiao Yan's body also burst out with a greedy aura.

That kind of aura, like looking for a devil fruit, plus the aura above the nest, it seems that it will never escape at this time.

"We're going to die like this."

"Trust me……"

"Huh, what is this?" Just when Xiao Yan was at a loss, a faint golden holy light was as gentle and holy as the light of dawn in the sky at the top of the lair, slowly emerging from multiple directions at the top of the lair.

They are intertwined with each other, surrounded by each other, and a little by little they build a magnificent pentagram on the top of the nest!

The pentagram array is extremely sacred and majestic, and even when the dark green evil hair touches the array, it quickly fades away, as if it touched something with zero fear.

"What is that?" At this moment, Gamma and the others said in amazement. From within the five-rayed light array, they smelled a sacred and inviolable Xeon aura.

"Is it finally here..." Xiao Yan frowned, looking at the golden lines contained in the five-light formation and the majestic light that covered the sky, he quickly knew what it was.

"Is it finally here..."

"Soul Promise!" The two Soul Yan, who were planning to break the cauldron and sink the boat, laughed when they saw this.

"This is the antidote, given to me by the Dark Underworld, the humans and sea beasts controlled by the evil rain, please." Xiao Yan threw a jade bottle at Ji Xuan, and immediately stood on the shoulder of the Dark Underworld, his eyes tightened. Staring closely at the pentagram above the sky.

"Okay!" Ji Xuan took the antidote and went directly to the many humans below.

"Squeaky!" At this moment the demon Marr stopped attacking the two souls, his dark green **** eyes narrowed slightly, staring at the pentagram, it seems that there is a A life-and-death enemy.

"Come on, let me see what an angel is!" At a certain moment, the demon Marr screamed in the sky, and the harsh voice turned into waves of ink-colored energy ripples, suddenly facing the five-pointed star array flashing with countless gods. Blast away.

"Humble human beings dare to covet evil powers. Your dirty soul has already been contaminated with countless innocent lives. Even if your sinner comes to you, you are beyond redemption!"

"Today, I will personally judge you by God!" Suddenly, the five-pointed star array radiated a lot of light, and suddenly countless evil light ripples were gently scattered, and in the five-pointed star array, a high-pitched voice sounded like a **** Generally resounding in the sky!

After a while, the casual voice fell and the light dissipated, and in this dazzling pentagram, a sacred and inviolable figure quietly emerged.

The delicate facial features are like the most outstanding masterpieces of the gods. A pair of bright eyes seems to be penetrating into all things. The pair of long white wings behind them are slightly instigated. The silhouette of the white armor on the body is as sacred as a dazzling scorching sun, inviolable!

Angel!

Holy See Angel!

The angel who controls all judgments in the world!

Messenger of God!