Chapter Vol 4 1902: The demon king is defeated!

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, Xiao Yan, who was lurking in the dark, looked at the sky above the figure like a king who reigned over the world. When the green flames were vented, Xiao Yan's body was uncontrolled by amber flames. Restlessness, appeared on Xiao Yan's body, and seemed to be roaring at the green flame, as if declaring war.

"Guru...is this?"

"The smell of Sheng Yan?" After blinking, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed, and he lost his voice.

"Lord Monster Emperor once got lucky and won the 14th Heavenly Demon Fire on the Holy Flame List. Even in the state of the remnant soul, with the initial strength of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal in the Demon King's District with Evil Eyes, it is impossible to confront him head-on. The power of the emperor may have the power to fight against the real eight-star mid-stage and even late-stage powerhouses."

"I'm afraid this evil-eyed demon king is going to have bad luck." Just when Xiao Yan's heart was shocked, a rebellious cold snort filled Xiao Yan's heart.

"Who?"

"Who is it?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was startled and hurriedly alerted.

"Oh, don't look for it, I'm in your body." When Xiao Yan was at a loss, in the soul realm of Xiao Yan's body, a fragment with a strange luster flashed, and a moving sound was emitted.

"A fragment of the demon book?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked when he heard the words.

"Hey, this time, thanks to you kid." The demon book fragment said.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion at this time.

"I am a fragment of the demon book. To put it bluntly, it is a spiritual body with a trace of mind, and the demon book may exist in the tomb of the demon emperor. Therefore, at the moment of entering this space, with the nourishment and call of these forces, It gave me temporary spirituality."

"After all, a complete demon book is also a spiritual thing, and it is reasonable to swallow people's words." One sentence kept ringing in Xiao Yan's heart.

"So that's the case... but this holy flame." Xiao Yan still said enthusiastically, he never imagined that he would have such a chance to enter the tomb of the Demon Emperor.

"Boy, stop dreaming."

"This holy flame is already something that recognizes the master, and this flame is only a trace of fire. The real holy flame has already left when the demon emperor fell."

"Based on your experience, you don't know what this means."

"It's really a pity..." Xiao Yan's expression became regretful after listening to Yaoshu's words, but after thinking about it, Sheng Yan was a sacred relic that could be encountered but not sought after.

"Boy, although the Demon King is quite powerful, it's just a remnant of the soul after all. In order to make sure nothing goes wrong, you should start expelling the Demon King with the Demon King as soon as possible. All the treasures here will be yours."

"Including the demon book and some treasures." After the demon book fragment finished speaking, it slowly returned to calm.

"Boom!" At the same time, above the sky, the battle was still continuing. The shocking battle suppressed the atmosphere of the Demon Emperor's grave to the extreme!

No matter how terrifying the evil eye demon king's eye and pupil art attacks are, it does not matter to the remnant soul demon king who has the body protection of Sheng Yanzi, and there are vague signs of failure and invincibility. At the same time, the power of the Demon Emperor's remnant soul became somewhat sluggish because of these attacks.

"This bastard!"

"They've been dead for so long and they're not at peace."

"The evil eye demon group, form a formation!" Looking at the arrogant demon king in front of him, the evil eye demon king roared and snorted coldly. Obviously, even if he came prepared, this guy was extremely difficult to deal with. No wonder he is one of the few loyal generals under the Demon Emperor!

"Hula-la!" For a time, thousands of evil-eyed monsters in military uniforms surrounded the figures on the crystal coffin, and their eyes flashed with a terrifying power that was isolated from the world, like a touch of ancient The power of the seal, trying to completely destroy the last power of the demon emperor.

"Do it!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan suddenly spoke up. He knew that if these thousands of monsters were allowed to join forces to display the sealing method, I'm afraid not to mention the Demon Emperor, even they themselves would be extremely dangerous.

"Kill me!" Tianhu Yaoshuai heard the words, his body was surging, his snow-white fluffy tail swayed, and he suddenly jumped into the sky, disrupting the formation of the enemy. As for the five hundred monsters behind him, their eyes were also scarlet. The body of the beast erupted directly, and the bodies of many monsters, such as pythons, tigers, wolves, and snakes, each displayed endless terrifying power, and with the breath of death, they rushed towards the evil-eyed monster group!

"Damn!" Seeing the sudden surge of powerhouses, the evil-eyed demon king suddenly lost his temper!

Seeing that he was about to completely capture this place, he actually killed such a pair of teams along the way. Although there are a large number of evil eye demons, they are the same as himself, they are all strong users of pupil techniques, not strong people who fight alone. .

"Change the target, kill these chops for me first!"

"Illusory Eye Domain!" The evil eye demon king snorted coldly, and the boundless demonic energy completely enveloped the entire tomb space like smoke, and scenes that were as real as illusions emerged.

"Little guy!" At this moment, the Demon Emperor looked at Xiao Yan's figure in the distance, and suddenly shouted loudly, as if there was some resonant force in Xiao Yan that attracted him!

Because at this moment, the evil eye demon king attacked him with an incomparably fierce attack, and even he was a little stunned by that kind of aura.

"Good come!"

"Dragon God Transformation!"

"Wooden tree world, ten thousand wood cages!"

"And... the raging fire lion!" Seeing the evil-eyed demon king burst into flames, Xiao Yan suddenly burst out laughing. With the immortal armor on his body, countless spiritual powers in his body swept out in the illusion of this domain. The trees containing the huge confinement power swept out, constantly entangled with countless evil-eyed monsters, and instantly, a giant figure of the holy flame fire lion with a body over a thousand feet, crawling behind Xiao Yan, the lion's eyes locked abnormally solemnly. With the evil-eyed demon king, once the latter approaches, a dazzling attack will erupt immediately!

The raging fire of the fire lion condensed by the fire of the holy flame, its power may be comparable to the quasi-immortal art!

"Not good!" The palm came to Xiao Yan's side and slapped it in the air, but when it was about to hit Xiao Yan the fire lion around him roared and roared, which actually shattered the terrifying force directly.

With a palm strike, the evil-eyed demon king couldn't help but take dozens of steps back. It seemed that the amber flame on the fire lion was more frightening than the green flame on the demon king!

His power is not a strong man who fights face to face, but uses the pupil technique to attack the besieged enemy, but the power of the holy flame on Xiao Yan, coupled with the bottomless soul sea, makes the evil eyes The demon king was helpless for a while.

"Retreat!" After a while, seeing that his own bodyguards were beaten so miserably by Xiao Yan's sudden team, the evil-eyed demon king snorted coldly, his eyes fiercely facing the demon king and Xiao Yan above the crystal coffin With a sigh, he said angrily.

"Buzz!"

"Since it's here, let's stay forever." The afterimage of the demon emperor looked at this scene, and the voice of the wolf and the palm of the hand sounded together. Suddenly, a shocking green demonic aura with a surging suffocating flame burst into it. In those scenes, the space trembled, and a trace of cracks emerged from the void.

"Illusory domain, burst!"

"Withdraw!" The evil eyed demon king looked at the demon emperor's actions, and immediately there was a tinge of scarlet smell in his eyes, so he suddenly squeezed his hands and squeezed his own domain!

"Pfft!" For a time, the power of countless spaces exploded, tearing apart the space of the Demon Emperor's tomb, and scenes of shocking cracks came to the ground.

With the help of the space crack in the void, he brought the personal guards behind him and poured into it, but this time, although Xiao Yan and others won, but at this time outside, the three armies of the evil-eyed demon king wrapped the tomb of the demon emperor, once Xiao Yan When they left here, in the outer Tianyuan battlefield, a real fierce battle was still waiting for them!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: