Chapter Vol 4 2189: Going to the elf's lair, ambushing halfway? ...

"The space channel connecting the fire elves has been formed, and the endless fire domain will be handed over to you."

Xiao Yan and Jiuxin stood in front of the space passage in front of them and told everyone that time was pressing now and in order to prevent the news from leaking, they did not mention it to too many people.

"Do not worry."

The three women nodded at the same time, and all the core members also cast a respectful look at Xiao Yan.

During the construction of the Endless Fire Territory, extremely huge manpower and material resources were needed, and it also required the hands-on efforts of these high-level leaders, as well as guarding against coveted by other continents, so Xiao Yan could only go on this trip alone.

"go."

Xiao Yan knew the urgency of the matter, and without any pause, he suddenly waved his hand and stepped into it with Jiuxin one after another, heading towards the destination.

"Although it feels good to be protected, I don't like it."

"Although that may be laborious, the result is worth a try, just wait."

Looking at Xiao Yan's figure, the belief in the three girls' hearts to become stronger also expanded. Although the vase was good, it was unpretentious.

Among the void space passages, the space passages here are more stable than those constructed in the past, but they are still extremely quiet. From time to time, some space power will roar out, and the power contained in it is also suffocating.

"Sir Xiao Yan, the headquarters of our Fire Elf clan is located in the north of the sea of ​​​​sky space, and the three directions of the south, east and west of the sea of ​​​​sky, each correspond to the three branch tribes under the fire elves."

"Where, even other creatures are in awe of us. After all, we fire elves are the hegemonic forces of the entire world."

Along the way, Jiuxin explained everything about the destination to Xiao Yan. Although this guy restrained himself when he mentioned some things about the Fire Elf, the proud look on his face still appeared uncontrollably. , Look at this appearance, I am afraid it is innate.

However, this is understandable. After all, the status of the fire elves in the world of Daqian is quite good, and it is reasonable to have such arrogance.

"Yep."

Xiao Yan listened carefully to the important information, and swept away the unimportant ones. After all, Xiao Yan didn't care whether he was a fire elf or a water elf, he only had Xiao Yi in his eyes.

If something goes wrong with Xiao Yi in this place, Xiao Yan doesn't mind turning the fire elves upside down!

"Pfft."

Suddenly, in the silent void in front of the two, a crack appeared, and in the crack there was a sky-high light, and there was a vague existence of human figures.

Above the blurry figure that suddenly appeared, there were waves of extremely tyrannical fluctuations, and he stepped out leisurely, the target seemed to be Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Yep?"

At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes couldn't help becoming vigilant, staring gloomily at Jiuxin next to him.

This kind of thing is too coincidental, isn't it?

"Sir, this matter..."

Jiuxin was stared at by Xiao Yan, his heart palpitated, and he hurriedly explained, looking at the figure walking out of the void passage in front of him, he was also puzzled.

"Hehe, Jiuxin, you're doing a good job, and you didn't live up to my expectations, and you didn't waste our elf king's trust in you."

Among the two, one is a woman and one is a man, like the attire of a young lady and a servant.

The two broke through the void with a bang and appeared. One of them, a woman in a white dress, slowly stepped out of the crack, the corner of her mouth drew a seductive and icy arc, and said.

"You bastard!"

"You actually calculated me!"

Jiuxin's face was flushed and he roared.

At the beginning, he quietly left the sea of ​​​​sky space alone, and stepped into the endless fire area to find Xiao Yan's help, hiding it from everyone, no one would find out!

After thinking about it, Jiuxin's eyes suddenly became gloomy, the space of the sea of ​​​​sky is extremely stable, ordinary strong people can't shatter the void and leave without the strength of reincarnation, but he leaves extremely easily...

"It turns out that all this is actually a conspiracy of the two of you!"

Jiuxin growled.

It turned out that all of this was deliberately done by the other two candidates. They sent themselves out to look for Xiao Yan, and then took Xiao Yan to their destination to kill him. In that case, even if Xiao Yan fell, they would still have enough. The evidence shows that Xiao Yan fell into the turbulence of space and has nothing to do with the fire elves.

Next, I'm afraid it depends on the relationship between Xiao Yan and Lord Xiao Yi. After all, the two in front of them are both powerful people who touch Samsara, and even the quiet elf man behind him has already stepped into Samsara.

"The one in front of you is the so-called Endless Fire Territory Lord Xiao Yan, right?"

"In the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, it has the same strength as rumored."

"Unfortunately, in my eyes, they are still like ants."

The woman's icy voice was full of pride.

Looking up, the elf woman had yellow hair scattered over her shawl, and an indescribable light aura emerged. In addition, the pointed fluffy ears, Qiong nose, fingers and other parts were similar to human beings. Similar in purpose but not the same, the whole body exudes a fragrant fragrance, which is extremely attractive and noble.

"Lord Xiao Yan was jointly sheltered by the Demon Realm Demon Emperor and Soul Eater Realm. If you touch him..."

Jiuxin made an envoy look at Xiao Yan, as if to signal Xiao Yan... to escape?

"really."

"Although the rumors are true and false, we choose to do it in a space, which can be regarded as giving you enough face as the Lord of the Endless Fire Domain."

"You will destroy the core of the battle, leave out the holy flame in your body, and kill yourself here. We can consider letting go of the endless fire domain."

The beautiful eyes of the woman in the white dress are extremely indifferent, like a high-pitched queen whispering softly.

"Boom!"

Xiao Yan didn't bother about this, he waved a flaming beam and attacked the quiet space channel around him, but it didn't make any waves.

"Don't bother, the space channel here has been secretly imprisoned by us, unless you have the strength of reincarnation, you can't escape at all."

Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the elf man behind him sneered leisurely, as if he didn't intend to attack.

"Oh... it suits me!"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his whole body was bathed in a layer of silver thunder brilliance, the void all over his body began to tremble, and he disappeared in place the next moment.

"Che, it turns out to be a coward. Why did Her Royal Highness make us be more careful?"

Feeling the sudden disappearance of Xiao Yan and the movement of his breath, the elf woman couldn't help shaking her head and sneering.

"Snapped!"

"Clap!"

As soon as the woman's voice fell, a rushing sound of breaking wind resounded. Suddenly, everyone saw a silver thunder tiger surging in the void, and a crisp voice came out.

On the elf girl's handsome cheeks, there were two red slap prints with a trace of silver thunder power, which were particularly red and eye-catching.

"Ah ah ah!"

"How dare you hit me!"

"I am going to kill you!"

Feeling the burning numbness and pain on the cheeks, the elf woman's eyes were scarlet, and the endless anger, accompanied by a terrifying power, emerged.

The strength of this woman is actually a powerhouse with a perfect eight-star fighting immortal and a touch of reincarnation?

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: