Chapter Vol 4 1035: Mutation! Yan Chi rebellion!

"Boom boom boom!" On Ghost Face Soul Yan, a cyan flame whizzed away directly at Note Tong, who had temporarily regained his sanity.

"This is..." And when Yin Yin Tong was so seriously injured by Xiao Yan, the blood demon golden energy seemed to be temporarily suppressed, and the pupil returned to its normal deep color, and then said, but its pale face, as if there was no any General memory.

"Humph!"

"The spirit of ghost face and soul flame, it's not too bad to take me in your eyes!" Seeing Yin Tong suddenly recovering calm, the Gorefiend also suddenly made a sound. Quite fancy, it is impossible to be successful by ghost face and soul inflammation.

"Xiao Yan, stop him!"

"Give me five minutes!" Ghost Face Soul Yan also knew the importance of the matter, and now the power of Ghost Face Soul Flame in Yin Tong's body emerged, and only he could temporarily suppress the blood demon gold energy in his body.

"Xiao Yi!" Xiao Yan heard the words, said in a deep voice, and then shouted at Xiao Yi below.

"Where to go!" The Gorefiend shouted abruptly as he watched the ghost-faced soul flame swept away directly at the sluggish note pupil.

"Your opponent... is us!" The figures of Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan appeared directly in front of the Gorefiend and stopped him.

"You are looking for death!"

"Go away!" A smear of blood appeared on the child of the Gorefiend, and then the dazzling power of evil erupted instantly.

"Bang bang bang!" The strong impact directly knocked Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi back quite a distance.

"I'm coming too!" And Mu Yingying who was below also knew the tyranny of the Gorefiend. The shadow swept away, and she came to Xiao Yan. With the strength of the three, she tried to temporarily suppress the Gorefiend.

However, as the battle became more and more courageous at this time, everyone's eyes were focused on the Gorefiend and Yin Tong, and they didn't notice Yan Chi at all.

Since Mu Yingying left Yan Chi's side, Yan Chi's eyes suddenly turned blood red, and an aura more evil than Yin Tong slowly brewed out of her body.

"Boom boom boom!"

"This guy is so strong." Xiao Yi was shocked by the blood demon so easily, and said immediately.

"Fusion." Xiao Yan looked at the demon-like Gorefiend in front of him, and immediately said helplessly. He knew that even if the Gorefiend had half the power, it was definitely not what he could handle now. The power of the Yihuo elves is only possible to have the power of a battle.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Okay!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi agreed immediately, and then a gorgeous halo slowly appeared on top of her body, and then directly crashed into Xiao Yan's body under the surprised gaze of the Gorefiend.

"Shabu Shabu!" As Xiao Yi merged into Xiao Yan's body, an incomparable vicious aura suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's body.

"What kind of trick is this?" The Gorefiend just wanted to stop the ghost-faced soul flame spirit, but found that the aura on Xiao Yan's body immediately soared, and in just a short time it reached the point where he could face it squarely.

"It's so strong..." Mu Yingying on the side also moved her eyes slightly, and couldn't help but speak.

"Blood Demon, you've done a lot of evil, die!" After Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi merged, not only did their strength greatly increase, but even the power of flames was even higher.

"I don't know how high the sky is!" The Gorefiend also hesitated.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"One foot..."

"Six feet!" And Xiao Yan's pupils were full of brilliant flame colors, the palm of the hand was filled with an extremely dazzling flame, not only possessed the power of holy flame, but also possessed as many as twenty-three kinds of aberrations. The power of fire, the power of incomparably splendid flames converged into six huge rulers, swept away frantically at the Gorefiend.

"Nice attack..."

"However, this level of attack is not enough!" The blood demon envoy also knew that Xiao Yan in front of him could not be neglected after merging with Xiao Yi, and then a blood-red aura emerged from his body, directly attacking Xiao Yan's six huge gigantic beams. come together.

"Boom!" The blood-colored aura carried an evil aura that devoured all things. After directly facing the six feet of light, Si Si's power was continuously swallowed by it.

"Sure enough, it's still a little short..." Xiao Yan felt the skyrocketing strength in his body, and immediately said something.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky..."

"The seventh foot, the foot breaks the sky!" The next moment, a strong and terrifying aura in Xiao Yan's body, like a startled swirl, burst out directly, and then attacked the Gorefiend heavily!

"good……"

"That's how it makes me feel important." When the Blood Demon Envoy saw Xiao Yan's final blow, the pure childlike pupil also exuded a strong bloodthirsty meaning, and he didn't hesitate immediately. The dazzling blood energy was like a spring, and it suddenly tilted out.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Seven feet to break the sky!"

"Break it for Lao Tzu!" Xiao Yan also felt the power of the Gorefiend's sudden surge, but he was not too worried.

Because the power of the Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler should not be underestimated, and Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi merged, their strength is already close to the peak of the Dou Emperor. Although the strength of the Holy Flame Land was suppressed only in the early stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, but the real strength , is still enough to perform an attack that destroys everything!

"Xiao Yan... that's ok!" While Xiao Yan and the Gorefiend were fighting, the ghost-faced spirit of the ghost in the distance shouted at Xiao Yan.

"Pfft." As the voice of Ghost Face Soul Flame just fell, layers of blood-colored aura continued to surround the note's pupil. As for its body, it was slowly filled by a cyan flame, and the cyan flame continued to resist the blood color. Evil breath, and Yin Tong is also extremely weak, but one after another breathing is proof that there is still a chance!

"Yingying, you go take care of Senior Brother, leave it to us here." And Xiao Yan also snorted coldly.

As soon as the words fell, Mu Yingying ran to Yintong She felt that Yintong still had life at this time, but the blood demon gold was so strong outside the body, I am afraid she had to go back In the pavilion, Fen Tian made his move.

"This guy is very strong." After finishing all this, the spirit of Ghost Face and Soul Flame also ran to Xiao Yan's side and said in a deep voice.

"With the strength of you and me, I still don't believe that he can't be destroyed!"

"Do it!" With Xiao Yi's fusion possession, Xiao Yan's strength greatly increased. With the addition of Ghost Face and Soul Flame, the two of them could deal with the Gorefiend with half of their power, which was enough to completely destroy him!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a dazzling attack burst out from the hands of the two, and then they attacked the blood demon emissary. will be seriously injured in an instant.

"It's time for the boring farce to end."

"Let this all end!" The Gorefiend looked at Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack, and seemed unmoved, only a very strange smile appeared on the corner of his mouth!

"Go!" The two of Xiao Yan didn't know the reason, but with the offensive in their hands, they blasted them away!

"Boom boom boom!" As Xiao Yan and the two terrifying attacks just poured out, a ghostly figure suddenly flashed out of thin air, and then he lifted his palm lightly, instantly crushing the terrifying attack.

"Brother..." Mu Yingying in the distance just raised her head when she saw this scene, and a touch of fear flooded into her heart.

The story of Xuan Sansan is almost coming to an end. The next step is the ghost world, and then the story with Xun'er.