Chapter Vol 4 1936: Great 0 world, 7 great gods!

From the outside, the whole of Yaoyuan Cave looks like a den of heaven, with countless independent caves standing outside, like a mysterious space with countless passages emerging.

It stands in the most mysterious void of the demon world, and countless confinement forces have formed a holy place like a paradise. If there are no coordinates, even the reincarnation powerhouse cannot find its specific location. That's why he is so hot for the Heisha Dragon Wolf who knows the coordinates.

Its entrance is more like a labyrinth-like mirror, a land of aurora, surrounded by impossibly white aurora, there is no road, as if just entering it, there is only a mirror-like area under your feet. Even the interior is extremely flat, and there is no guidance.

And the overlord in the demon world, the demon emperor Tianhen, is sealed here, not to mention the power arranged by the top powerhouses of the three realms, the mystery of the demon cave is enough to imprison any powerhouse, so the three realms The strong are also extremely relieved to suppress their seal here.

"What a terrifying monster!" At this time, in the aurora zone, the ground suddenly sparkled, like a water curtain, which contained a touch of palpitating divine power, including a very strong confinement power, and Xiao Yan several people, standing quietly on it, walking gently, their eyes slowly looking at the interior of the space, they are pure white, except for being able to sense the three completely different forces in a sealed light group, here is the It is like a space zone, there is nothing, and even where the voice of the demon emperor comes from, I don't know anything.

"What the **** is going on here?" After looking around, Xiao Yan spoke softly, his voice full of doubts.

He was as arrogant as a demon emperor and was jointly sealed by the powerhouses of the three realms, so why didn't the powerhouses of the three realms kill him directly, but chose to seal him, would there be any hidden secrets?

Furthermore, the so-called Yaoyuan Cave here is too mysterious. It seems that there are countless paths in this lair, leading to countless mysterious places, but with Xiao Yan's soul power or other powers, he has not sensed any passage. Signs, as if this had always been just a never-ending land of aurora, they had been trapped here, in a dilemma.

And so, how can we accurately find the final area of ​​the demon emperor's seal in these passages?

"Before the first World War, the master once took our army of the demon world to attack the other six worlds. Among them, the ghost world, the devil world and the Buddha world were attacked quite miserably."

"That's why they hold grudges. Once they seized the opportunity and took advantage of the serious injury of the master, they sent a number of Samsara and the Eight-star Fighting Immortals in one fell swoop. The powerhouses of the three realms entered the demon world together to hunt down the master."

"But in the end, even if the **** of war had the master, they found that by gathering the strength of their three world powerhouses, it was still impossible to completely obliterate the master, because the master was determined to be immortal, and finally they decided to seal the master here, It took countless years to wash away the anger in their hearts." Heishan Longlang looked at this and said, but it was the first time he had seen the mystery of the demon's cave, after all, he used to stand outside the cave and enter the demon. Yuandongtian is the first time.

"The body is immortal?" Xiao Yan suddenly couldn't help but tremble slowly when he heard the words.

Being able to stand in an invincible position under the attack of the powerhouses of the three realms with a seriously injured body, the strength of this demon emperor can only be described by good fortune and becoming a saint, and I don't know why, the immortality of this demon emperor may be There is some subtle relationship with the immortality in himself.

"Senior, I've already arrived, what should I do?" After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan's voice sounded softly, accompanied by hot holy flames all over the aurora zone, as for the beast of flames, his eyes Slightly drooping, it seems to have fallen asleep quietly on the ground.

The amber holy flame is flashing a rather strange arc here, and with the appearance of the holy flame, the three strange forces in the entire Aurora Land are slowly shaking.

"Dragon Wolf, let me speak." Suddenly, a majestic voice sounded, but now there was a trace of relief in the voice. Obviously, Xiao Yan's arrival gave him a glimmer of hope.

"I used to have a strong friendship with your Xiao clan patriarch and many old buddies."

"My seal still needs the help of Fen Jue and Sheng Yan in your body." The Demon Emperor said softly.

"Xiao Clan... Patriarch?"

"And the Fen Jue and Sheng Yan in my body?" Xiao Yan murmured, it seemed that every word was deeply stinging the blood of the Xiao clan in his body.

"Maybe that old guy has long expected the current situation. When my seal is lifted, I will return the things that old guy left to you." The Demon Emperor smiled.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan nodded solemnly. He was obviously stronger than a demon emperor. I'm afraid he didn't know that he had survived several times of reincarnation. In addition to his status as the overlord of the demon world, Xiao Yan naturally believed what this guy said.

"But before breaking my seal, you must know one more thing."

"The great thousand worlds are divided into seven worlds."

"Of course, except for the evil races outside the realm and the underworld, those two regions are too special and are no longer among the thousands."

"But... do you know what is the top thing in the Seven Realms?" The majestic voice of the Demon Emperor sounded slowly, making it impossible to tell where it came from.

"It's... Fen Jue?" Xiao Yan said abruptly, for some reason, even with Xiao Yan's current strength, he couldn't figure out Fen Jue in depth, let alone the horror of the six people in Fen Jue who had not yet entered the room. realm.

"Good sense."

"The Great Thousand World, the Immortal Rank and Saint Rank, after the category of Immortal Arts, there is a power that surpasses the world."

"That's 'God'."

"And in the Great Thousand Worlds, each of the seven worlds has a unique 'Sacred Secret'."

"You have a trace of ghosts in you You should have smelled those top powerhouses when you entered the ghost world earlier."

"They are all learning the ghost realm 'soul transformation', which is a special technique for ghost realms. When it is used in battle, it is eerie and unpredictable."

"And the Fen Jue in your body is a magic formula that surpasses the seven great gods. Its power or its limit, from ancient times to the present, no creature can covet it."

"Even the monstrous-level patriarch of your Xiao clan has only comprehended the five realms in the end."

"Fen Jue is divided into six realms. After he has comprehended the five realms, his strength has reached a 'quasi-god'. However, in the six realms of Fen Jue, only when your strength reaches reincarnation can you spy on the mysteries. This point, I am afraid Even you, I'm afraid you don't know."

"This is what the old guy asked me to tell future generations."

"For the rest, after I break the seal, I'll take you there in person." The Demon Emperor said intermittently, but every word and sentence caused a storm in Xiao Yan's heart!