Chapter 365: The source of life!

"Hurry up." Facing the woman's teasing, Xiao Yan also seemed to have not seen it, and then said to the woman impressively.

"In that case, let's get started."

"But before we start, I have to tell you that the mysterious meteorite in front of you, although I don't know what the secret is, but one thing is certain, it is the same as the material for casting this fairy sword at the beginning, and there must be something in it. Some of the same places..."

"However, according to my guess, the power contained in this meteorite is only stronger or weaker than the meteorite that cast this fairy sword!" The woman also said slightly to Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King.

"It seems that I have found a treasure this time." For this reason, Xiao Yan is also quite happy, after all, this mysterious meteorite is the key to soaking himself in the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

The reason why I came to this Xuanling Emperor Pond was because of the mysterious effect of the stepping stone of the Six-Star Dou Emperor!

Along the way, the Xuanling Emperor Pond and the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation outside had already missed a lot of time. Even if the time flow of this Xuanling Emperor Pond was extremely slow, there was not much time left for ten days inside and one day outside.

"But don't get too happy too soon."

"This meteorite, called the Origin of Life Stone, is a stone with rich life force. This kind of life force has indescribable benefits for some remnant souls. If you get it from the Golden Dragon King, I'm afraid its benefits will be enormous. "The woman is also facing the Golden Dragon King.

"The source of life stone..."

"I remember that the source of life stone is divided into three levels of heaven, earth and profound. Looking at the source stone of life right now, I'm afraid it is the pinnacle that is comparable to the ground-level source stone..."

"However, you little girl is right. Obtaining this source of life will naturally bring me indescribable benefits, but don't forget that this kid is my disciple, so the trick to sow discord should be prudent." The Golden Dragon King is cunning. , how can you not see the mind of this woman.

"Hehe, the source of life stone is not only a good material for making weapons, but also a good choice for restoring strength." The woman also said relentlessly.

"Oh." Xiao Yan was also quite interested in this.

Because Xiao Yan also knows that the source of life stone ten meters away is only the size of a fist, but even if there are several people, I am afraid they can share it, so he is not worried that his master Jinlongwang will swallow it, and he consequences that will not be obtained.

Long Yi's pupils also exuded a slight fiery heat, and he was obviously interested in this Origin of Life Stone, but Long Yi glanced at the Golden Dragon King, and his eyes became calmer.

Because Long Yi knew that since he came out of the secret realm of the Yin Corpse Forest, he decided to be the artifact spirit of the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire and follow Xiao Yan, and his future was doomed!

heaven and hell!

in a moment!

If this Xiao Yan resurrects the Golden Dragon King, then with the powerful strength and prestige of the Golden Dragon King, the unification of the dragon clan is just around the corner. At that time, he will be able to follow the Golden Dragon King to fly up and down. If he fails, it will be **** without redemption, so at this time Long Yi His mission is also to protect Xiao Yan and make him become a certain extent.

"Haha, after talking about the source of life, should we talk about the surrounding space of the source of life?" The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly.

"The ten-meter space around this mysterious meteorite is quite special. In ancient times, people called it the broken space." The woman also said.

"Broken space?" The Golden Dragon King also showed an incredible look when he heard the words.

The next moment, the Golden Dragon King also suddenly picked up a finger-sized stone and threw it towards the place where the mysterious meteorite was!

"Shabu Shabu!" Under the control of the Golden Dragon King's exquisite fighting spirit, the little stone roared away at the mysterious meteorite with a fierce aura!

The next moment, the mutation also happened. When the small stone approached the mysterious meteorite within ten meters, it turned into powder and exploded.

"Bang bang bang!" The stone turned into powder fragments, floating in this space with the wind.

"This..." Even so, Xiao Yan was able to discover that the place called Shattered Space was not simple.

If the stone was replaced by a person, then it would be shattered instantly!

Thinking of this, Xiao Yan shivered all over. That wave of terrifying scenes was obviously not what Xiao Yan wanted to see.

"It really is a broken space..." The Golden Dragon King also laughed helplessly.

"Broken space..." Xiao Yan also muttered, obviously there was a very solemn taste in his voice.

"This shattered space was also famous in the distant ancient times. Ordinary powerhouses, even at the level of fighting immortals, would not be able to get out of this shattered space without some special means." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"The so-called broken space is an independent space, the space is not large, but the space inside is extremely special!"

"There is no trace of power in the broken space, but the broken space will repel all power!"

"Once any force touches the broken space, the broken space will also crush it into powder." The woman also whispered.

"You also saw what happened just now." The Golden Dragon King continued , obviously speaking to Xiao Yan.

"En." Xiao Yan also responded, and then frowned, obviously this kind of thing is quite helpless for him now.

"But even though this is a broken space, the source of life stone is obviously not an ordinary thing. How did it get in..." Xiao Yan was not discouraged. If there was no protection for this level of treasure, Xiao Yan would also Definitely won't believe it.

"It is rumored that the broken space is a space attribute. If you want to crack this broken space, I am afraid that you can only use the fighting spirit or fighting skills of the space attribute..." The woman also said solemnly.

The Golden Dragon King's eyes dimmed when they heard the words.

Space attribute, this kind of attribute is also extremely rare. Long Yi has fire attribute, Xiao Yan has both fire and wood attributes. As for himself, he is also the ultimate representative of metal power, so for this space attribute, I am afraid it is also...

"Don't look at me, I'm just a residual power, and there is no attribute at all." The woman seemed to have noticed the gaze of the Golden Dragon King and said immediately.

"Looks like this is troublesome..."

"If it doesn't work, then let's attack." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly, but there was some heaviness in his voice. After all, his current strength is only at the half-immortal level. If he was at his peak, he would naturally not be afraid. , But at the moment, he is also the body of the soul, and he is helpless immediately.

"Space attribute fighting skills..."

"Maybe I have a way..." Xiao Yan also said abruptly after thinking for a while.

"You?" The woman also looked at Xiao Yan with great puzzlement, and apparently did not feel any fluctuations in space power from Xiao Yan, and was immediately surprised. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: