Chapter 292: The Deputy Hall Master of the 3rd Hall of Heaven, Earth and People!

Xiao Yan and the others were extremely fast, and they arrived at their destination in no time.

As soon as they landed, they saw three mysterious figures...

"Hehe, it seems that this batch of disciples are quite good..." The figure in white said with a smile.

"Of course, according to the news from Chang Yu, this time the twin ghost emperors in the points plundering competition broke through the seal, and their strength is comparable to the eight-star fighting emperor..."

"However, when the twin ghost emperors were seriously injured, Chang Yu and the others were also preparing to retreat, but the first place in the points grabbing competition borrowed the fighting spirit in their three bodies to kill the twin ghost emperors with one blow..."

"Such a record is truly astonishing." A lean man also meditated slowly.

"Two old guys..."

"It seems that this time my Human Palace will be able to..." The red figure also said slowly, and then shook his head helplessly.

"Master, Uncle Mu, Uncle Huo."

"I brought it back." Mo Chen also respectfully said to the three figures above the hall.

"Just bring it back."

"You go down first, there have been some changes in the Burning Sky Formation recently, so be careful." The red figure said.

"Yeah." Mo Chen replied softly, and then slowly stepped back.

Just as Mo Chen was leaving, Xiao Yan also discovered the three terrifying figures in front of him.

In the hall in front of him, there are three people.

The three formed a triangular stand. The one above the top was a figure in white, and the two behind them were a red figure and a gray figure, but without exception, Xiao Yan followed the three figures. I felt an extremely terrifying fluctuation...

If Xiao Yan guessed correctly, these three people should have something to do with the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth and Human that he heard about before...

"Hehe, such a huge soul power..."

"It's really a good seedling." The voice of the figure in white in the first place came out, and the figure came to Xiao Yan's side in an instant, and said slowly.

"The junior is..."

"I don't know what the seniors call you..." Xiao Yan also said in surprise.

The reason why Xiao Yan was surprised was that this senior actually came to him without a sound, and he didn't notice anything yet. This ghostly movement really surprised Xiao Yan...

Moreover, Xiao Yan found that no matter how he felt, he could not discover the power of this mysterious powerhouse in front of him...

It felt like a human being without the slightest vindictiveness, but Xiao Yan also knew that this kind of powerhouse was the most terrifying!

Back then when he faced the twin ghost emperors in the Yin Corpse Forest and was able to match the strength of the enemy's eight-star fighting emperor, it was what made Xiao Yan feel this way...

Now facing the powerhouses in the Burning Incense Pavilion, I still have this feeling, which can only mean that the power of the three powerhouses in front of me is no less than that of the twin ghost emperors!

Even stronger!

"Hehe, my name is Liu Ping, and I am the deputy head of the Heavenly Palace. His name is Huozhi, and he is the deputy head of the Earth Palace. His name is Mu Xuzi, and he is the deputy head of the Human Palace." The figure in white was named Liu Ping. The man also smiled slowly.

"Boy Xiao Yan has met three seniors." Xiao Yan also said respectfully.

"I have seen three seniors..." Behind Xiao Yan, dozens of people including Mu Yingying, Luo Guang, Ludi and Mu Feng also spoke.

"Hey, you don't have to use conventional etiquette." Liu Ping said.

"The top three in this point looting competition all joined our Burning Incense Pavilion. It really hasn't happened for many years..." Liu Ping said, but his eyes were taken away from Xiao Yan, and then he looked at Dozens of people in front of you.

"Which one of you is the first..." Huozhi also sounded like a dull thunder.

"It's him..." Mu Feng and others took a step back when they heard the words, and then said in unison.

"Humph……"

"What does it mean to take my first place..." Mu Yingying was also a little unhappy, but Xiao Yan also knew that this Mu Yingying was just talking about it, and she would not be unhappy with herself because of this...

After all, Mu Yingying has the highest score no matter what. If it wasn't for the twin ghost emperors, it would seem that she would have to work hard to get the first place.

"Oh?"

"It turned out to be your kid..."

"However, relying on the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage is not enough, your soul strength is a bit strong..." Liu Ping also laughed, and then stared at Xiao Yan carefully.

However, his eyes were very surprised. Previously, Liu Ping knew the power of Xiao Yan's soul, but now after careful sensing, he realized that this kid is actually hiding!

"The strength of the four-star Dou Emperor in the early stage actually has the courage to fight with the twin ghost emperors. You have a lot of courage..."

"And with your strength in the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor, you can still win the first place in this competition, which is very unbelievable..." Huo Zhi also said, obviously although he had heard that the strength of the first place was not very strong, But his courage and heart are very good.

"Early stage of the Four-Star Dou Di?" Mu Yingying on the side also came back to her senses.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After the fiery exit, Mu Yingying only remembered at this moment, this Xiao Yan is only the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage...

In other words, it is also the strength of the four-star Dou Di that is perfect.

"Emperor's mortal-level soul power?" Liu Ping's eyes were very vicious. In the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's soul power was discovered. Xiao Yan was also helpless. For a powerhouse at this level, he wanted to hide it. No.

However, Liu Ping was also surprised. Although he had just discovered the power of Xiao Yan's soul, he was even more surprised when he discovered it now.

"Are you still a pharmacist?" Liu Ping also spoke slightly.

After all, this kind of soul power is quite troublesome to cultivate. Many people will never come into contact with this kind of power in their entire lives, so most of the human soul power on Dou Di Continent is from the heavenly realm.

Although he is in the heaven, he knows nothing about soul power, so the defense and use of soul power are rarely used.

After all, as long as the alchemist needs a strong soul power, he can have a huge soul perception and refine high-level medicine pills.

Therefore, every human with huge soul power has a great possibility to become an alchemist.

"It's the peak of the first-rank emperor..." Xiao Yan also said with a slow smile. Obviously, recently, in order to join these super sects, he has lost his medicine refining skills.

Moreover, Xiao Yan's current medicine refining technology is also vaguely at a bottleneck. To break through this bottleneck, a second-grade emperor alchemist is just around the corner!

"The peak of the first rank of the emperor..." Liu Ping also said slowly Hearing this, the expressions of the two strong men behind Liu Ping also changed. Double breaks are very rare.

And just like this Xiao Yan, it is even rarer that he has achieved a lot in fighting qi and medicine refining skills!

Based on Liu Ping's experience, he naturally knows that the first-grade emperor-rank medicinal pills are divided into three levels of heaven, earth and profound. As for Xiao Yan, the peak of the first-grade emperor-rank, he is also within easy reach of the second-grade emperor-rank!

The first-grade Xuandan of the emperor rank can make the one-star Dou Emperor be driven by Xiao Yan, the Earth Pill can make the two-star Dou Emperor be driven by Xiao Yan, and as for the Tiandan, it can make the three-star Dou Emperor willing to be driven by Xiao Yan. The charm of the alchemist.

"Is this kid still an alchemist at the peak of the first-rank emperor rank?" Mu Yingying couldn't hide her surprise as she looked at Xiao Yan.

At the same time, Green Flute and Luo Guang on the side looked at Xiao Yan in astonishment, as if they were looking at a monster.

"he……"

"Are you still human..." A roar resounded in everyone's heart.

Here's the level of redefinition.

Dou Di, each star is divided into early stage, middle stage, late stage, and consummation.

For example, the peak of the one-star Dou Emperor in the early stage is a symbol that he is about to break through the middle-stage of the One-star Dou Emperor.

The previous level will not be changed, which affects reading, but in the future, Consummation will be used instead of Peak.

Ask for tickets!