Chapter Vol 4 2199: Brothers meet!

"grown ups!"

"Sir Xiao Yi!"

The many elf warriors under the protection of Xiao Yi's power watched Xiao Yi in such a crisis, her pores swelled, blood bursting out of her body uncontrollably, her eyes were scarlet, and they vowed to fight these **** for life and death!

Among the fire elves, there have been many branches since ancient times. If it weren't for the leadership and leadership of Xiao Yi, the people in their southern tribe would have been completely devoured by the other two tribes.

"grown ups!"

"No!"

The elf girl Lina's body was surging, and she immediately crawled beside Xiao Yi. She was the first to notice that the purple flames on Xiao Yi's body suddenly showed signs of disintegrating. The soft body suddenly rushed towards Xiao Yi. There was a thick choking sound.

"Lina, let me go."

Xiao Yi's complexion changed drastically, but all the power in her body boiled at almost the same time. With that level of power fluctuations, I am afraid there is no other way than self-destruction.

With the seal of reincarnation, purple flames, and the power of the self-destruction of the Eight Star Dou Xian, I am afraid it is enough to destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

"Little Yi!!!"

"Do you still remember the oath you made to me?"

"I won't allow you to die without my order!"

Lina's eyes were red, she forcibly held back her sobbing, raised her delicate palm, and grabbed Xiao Yi's wrist viciously, trying to stop Xiao Yi's self-destruction.

"Don't worry, I promised you something... I will never break my promise."

"But I'm afraid it will be next time."

Xiao Yi's voice was unusually gentle, but the aura in her body was like a volcanic crater, about to spew out.

Everyone saw that Xiao Yi's body began to swell and wriggle, and purple flames swept out, burning the entire elf island, forming a gorgeous purple glow, which contained an indescribable terrifying wave!

"You big liar!!!"

Lina burst into tears and her eyes were red. She wanted to break free from Xiao Yi's power restraint, but she had no choice but to feel the soft thrust on her body, which was pushing all of them against the clouds in space. go.

With that kind of action, Xiao Yi wanted to use her own strength to block the attack of the elder chief and protect them all from here!

"To exchange your own life for the survival of the entire tribe is really a master..."

"But today, no matter what kind of power you have, you can't escape bad luck!"

A cold light flashed in the eyes of the old chief, but he was extremely shameless about what Xiao Yi did. The speed of his body was as fast as lightning, and a light pattern with a slightly flickering brown pattern surging in the palm of his hand shot towards Xiao Yi!

"Boom!"

Xiao Yi exerted all her strength to the extreme, trying to send the rest of the people out of here, but in the face of the terrifying palm of the chieftain, her whole face was extremely grim, and there was an aura of death lingering from it.

"Die!"

Xiao Yi's seemingly terrifying defense and the terrifying energy generated on the eve of his self-destruction did not stop the elder chief for a single breath. The void is buzzing!

"Pfft!"

With a sound, under the threat of this awe-inspiring offensive, Xiao Yi's body suddenly became icy cold, her bloodlines instantly solidified, her consciousness began to blur, and the purple flame contained in the imprint of reincarnation was even more madly surging, it seemed that the next moment It will totally explode!

At this moment, the void around Xiao Yi's body suddenly split open, and a cyan object quickly zoomed in in everyone's field of vision, shrouding Xiao Yi. With the protection of this object, Xiao Yi's pressure was greatly reduced!

"Bang bang bang!"

The old chief slapped it with a palm, but the reincarnation-level attack that was enough to easily obliterate Xiao Yi was like hitting a stubborn stone, without any energy ripples, and even caused the chief to spread out from the palm of his hand. The pain of the shock wave?

"what!"

The old chief had a blank look on his face. He only felt that the cyan objects that appeared beside Xiao Yi far exceeded his imagination. His body quickly retreated and his eyes kept looking around. The guy who can display this level of defense is by no means a simple generation!

"Mr. Chief, according to the voice transmission of the guards, it seems that someone is rushing towards here at a high speed. The identity is unknown. Among them, there is also one of Xiao Yi's three main bodyguards, Xi Mo's figure accompanying him."

"But the guards we dispatched to protect the southern tribe were all knocked unconscious."

"Conservatively estimate that the comer should be a reincarnation-level powerhouse, and a reinforcement from the southern tribe."

The oncoming elf guard looked flustered and looked at the surrounding void vigilantly.

"The army of the southern tribe has already been captured and controlled by us, and there is no other reinforcement at all. It's strange."

"Give me a stop!"

The old chief waved his hand and stopped the battle here, because from the blue halo, there was a sense of fear that he had not seen for a long time?

"Boy, die!"

Hearing such a sentence, Moore didn't take it seriously. He was eager to make a contribution, and instantly vacated the figure, directly killing Xiao Yi.

From his point of view, the cyan objects around Xiao Yi seem to be just a trivial defensive barrier. As long as he captures Xiao Yi himself, it is the first merit. Such merit and opportunity are not always available.

"Damn!"

Seeing Moore's attack, Xiao Yi responded coldly, and in the tumult of fighting qi in her body, she could only attach the purple flame to her skin to form a gauze of energy, trying to resist, the power of self-destruction also became quiet.

It seems that the blue object in front of you is somewhat similar to a turtle shell, and there is a rather familiar aura on it?

What is it?

"Die!"

Moore's hands turned into eagle claws The offensive swept away at Xiao Yi, the smile on the corner of his mouth was like a madman's heart palpitating.

"Crack!"

"You can't be considered a fire elf if you use a black hand."

Two streams of light suddenly flashed out from a distance, and Moore's body, like a ball, was kicked out by a cyan figure, a thousand kilometers away, and the sound of bones shattering, in this piece of heaven and earth. Extraordinarily harsh.

At this moment, the audience is dead silent!

A powerhouse who can make the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Perfection complete powerhouse play like an ant with one foot, what kind of sacredness is this?

"Pfft!"

Moore was unsuspectingly kicked hundreds of meters by Xiao Yan. He was covered in scars, and even his life was on the verge of dying, causing many elf warriors in the western tribe to fear.

When did such a terrifying powerhouse emerge from this southern tribe?

And the nearly 100 people left in the southern tribe are also filled with countless questions. Who is this sudden scene?

At this moment, the two men and horses stopped their attacks at the same time. They looked up at the sky not far from the elf island. The sound of hurried wind broke out, accompanied by a thin black-shirted man.

The seemingly emaciated figure, but the power contained in his body makes everyone feel chills!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: