Chapter 82: hope!

"Master, let's go too. Since the emperor's blood has been taken away, the ruins are about to collapse." Xiao Yan also looked at the space that was about to collapse, and then waved his palm, the many precious medicinal materials in the stone chamber were Received the ring on his finger.

"go?"

"Little Yanzi, you actually left such a precious thing here?" The Golden Dragon King also laughed and scolded.

"Could it be..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also looked around at the bare stone room, and then turned his gaze to the place where the frozen skeleton was.

The originally frozen skeleton also slowly melted after Su Xueying left. The blood of the emperor who provided the energy was taken away. The skeleton also lost its vitality and was bleak. the power of.

"That's right, this skeleton of a strong man who is as strong as the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor will also be of great use in the future. If nothing else, just resurrecting and refining the body, this emperor's skeleton is a good thing that can't be found, plus With other tyrannical materials, if the refining is successful, the strength is also terrifying!" The Golden Dragon King also looked at the jade-white complete skeleton thoughtfully.

"Resurrection?"

Hearing the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan was also stunned for a moment, and then he remembered an important event in Dou Qi Continent.

"Now I am just a remnant soul, and even from a certain point of view, even the remnant soul is not a bit of a remnant. If it wasn't for the strangeness of the heavenly tomb, I would have dissipated between heaven and earth early on. Resurrection, I am afraid it should be impossible."

"Is there really no way?"

"At least I don't know how to revive me. Maybe the legendary Dou Di can do it."

Xiao Xuan shook his head with a smile, looked at Xiao Yan in front of him, the smile on his face suddenly became softer, and said, "You can achieve such an achievement without relying on the power of blood, to be honest, it is already It makes me quite gratified, the boy of my Xiao clan is always extraordinary."

Xiao Yan still remembers the time when he met his ancestor Xiao Xuan in Tianmu, and with the help of the latter he regained the power of the Xiao family's bloodline, and then stepped into the soul of the emperor with the help of his ancestors!

Thinking of these, I can't help but recall the scene when I was in the sky.

"Master, when I was on the Dou Qi Continent, I lost an ancestor. If I want to revive him..." His own master, the Golden Dragon King, was also an absolutely trustworthy person, so Xiao Yan gave it all.

"The things of the ancient times are irrelevant, and no one understands why it is so difficult to cultivate to the level of Dou Di... When the ancestor Xiao Xuan reached the peak of the late Nine Star Dou Sheng, he tried to attack that illusory level, but in the end However, in those repeated failures, the ancestors also made a discovery."

"Back then, the strength of the ancestors was enough to really hit the Emperor Dou. However, every time the ancestors were about to break through the barrier, a feeling of emptiness would emerge from the depths of the soul, this feeling of emptiness. Let the ancestors understand that in the process of attacking the Emperor Dou level, I seem to be missing something, this kind of thing is extremely critical, if I can get it, breaking through to the Emperor Dou should not be false."

When the Golden Dragon King heard the words, the amount of information was a bit large, and then he frowned slightly, thinking about what Xiao Yan just said in his mind.

This little Yanzi came from the same plane as the ancient emperor Tuoshe. With the life and death relationship between the Golden Dragon King and Tuoshe, it is natural to know that the Dou Qi Continent lacks the original source qi to attack the emperor. Power does not exist for an upper plane like Dou Di Continent.

Moreover, Dou Qi Continent is a lower plane. All cultivation starts from the bottom Dou Qi, Dou Qi, Dou Zhe, Dou Shi, Da Dou Shi, Dou Ling, Dou Wang, Dou Huang, Dou Zong, Dou Zun, Dou Zun Holy, Dou Di!

Among so many ranks, Xiao Yanzi, the ancestor Xiao Xuanneng, cultivated to the peak of Dou Qi Continent, the peak of the late Nine Star Dou Sheng, and found that he still lacked a vital source qi to attack the Dou Emperor. From this kind, it is enough to see Given the extraordinaryness of this person, even with the critical eyes of the Golden Dragon King, he could not help but respect Xiao Yanzi, his ancestor.

"Resurrection is not impossible. Refining the body is a skill of your pharmacists." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan's eyes also became hot. The ancestor Xiao Xuan had some kind of grace for Xiao Yan!

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!"

The terrifying power of flame emanated from Xiao Yan's body, and then Xiao Yan was urging the blood vessels in his body, and a mysterious rune slowly appeared on his forehead.

The mysterious Xiao Clan rune appeared, and then a small gray light spot also fell from Xiao Yan's forehead to his palm.

Looking at this imprint of life, Xiao Yan also let out a sigh of relief, lowered his head, and glanced at the Golden Dragon King who was floating in front of him.

This grey mark of life is impressively when Xiao Yan was in the sky. Looking at the place where Xiao Xuan disappeared, he murmured softly, and immediately stretched out his palm, facing the empty space lightly. He held it lightly, and with the grip of his palm, an invisible gray light spot that ordinary people could not see appeared in his hand. This is Xiao Xuan's life imprint. This kind of life imprint can only be entered by the soul. Only the powerhouse of the Emperor Realm can see it, otherwise, even if his Dou Qi has reached the late stage of the Nine Star Dou Sheng, he will not be able to sense this mysterious and mysterious existence.

From a certain point of view, the original Xiao Xuan has basically disappeared. The supreme powerhouse who once dominated the Dou Qi Continent has completely dissipated in this world. However, this is for Xiao who has stepped into the soul of the emperor For Yan, this is not the case. This imprint of life may be able to give Xiao Xuan life again, but this method, even Xiao Yan, whose soul entered the emperor realm when he was in Dou Qi Continent, could not do it. Perhaps , when he truly enters the legendary Dou Di realm in the future, he will be able to do so.

In the palm of his hand, the invisible imprint of life slowly rose, and the queen got into Xiao Yan's eyebrows, guarded by his vast soul power like heaven and earth. Perhaps, after a long time, this man gave everything for the Xiao family. The old man can also reappear in the world.

This is always a kind of hope, although it is far away, it makes people's hearts burn.

However, although Xiao Yan did not have the ability to revive the ancestor Xiao Xuan at the beginning, but now Xiao Yan has broken through the shackles of Dou Di, successfully promoted to Dou Di, and his soul power is also improving. I believe that the resurrection ancestor Xiao Xuan will not be able to is nonsense.

"Master, what materials do you need to refine the body in this Doudi Continent?" Xiao Yan also found that the Doudi Continent and Dou Qi Continent were unusual, so he suddenly remembered what he had promised ancestor Xiao Xuan, and then said directly. .