Chapter 204: The terrifying Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger!

"The girl is the first place in this trial?" The silver figure also came to the mountain peak and said that there was no one around.

"It's barely, what's the matter?" The woman with two ponytails also said indifferently, and there was some displeasure in her voice.

"In Yu Hui, do you want to borrow something from the girl, I don't know if it is feasible?" said the silver figure named Yu Hui.

"Oh, what?" The woman lying on the forehead of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also laughed with great interest, and the blue flames all over her body were also closed and no longer surrounding her body.

"Naturally, it's the first-place points on the girl's token." Yu Hui also laughed.

Although he didn't know why, Yu Hui felt a strange aura from Mu Yingying's smile, but the victory was in his hands, so Yu Hui didn't take it to heart.

It is true that Mu Yingying is the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor, but Yu Hui and the white figure Yu Jing are twins. Although the two are only the late stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, they work together to deal with the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor. The two also have the power to fight, so their tacit understanding is quite terrifying. This is the capital of the two who dare to challenge Mu Yingying for the first place.

"Big brother, what nonsense are you talking to her, let's go!" Yu Jing also flew over slowly and said.

"Hey, since the girl is like this, then I can only offend you..." Yu Hui still said with a look that he thought was very elegant.

"It's really a hypocritical human being, I really hate it!" Mu Yingying's slender eyebrows were blinked, and she said with some disgust.

Lying on the body of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is the famous first place in the selection competition, Mu Yingying!

The two brothers Yu Hui and Yu Jing also walked towards Mu Yingying. They didn't believe that this seemingly harmless girl would be so simple, or else they would claim the title of No. 1 in vain.

"Huh~" Mu Yingying also tidied up her blue dress, and then slightly stretched her hand over her head.

"Big tiger, bite them!" Mu Yingying's silver bell-like voice also appeared on this mountain peak.

"Fast back!" Just as Yu Hui and Yu Jing were about to approach Mu Yingying to attack, Yu Hui heard Mu Yingying's voice, and without thinking, said directly to Yu Jing who was behind, although I don't know what it is, but it's definitely not ordinary.

Yu Jing also hurried back when she heard the words.

"Boom boom boom!"

With the sound of Mu Yingying's silver bell, the mountain Yu Jing and Yu Hui thought collapsed and turned into a huge monster with white faces!

"This is……"

"Sacred Tiger of Heavenly Fire!" Yu Hui also recognized the origin of this beast at a glance and said.

"Damn it, looking at the strength of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, it's only stronger than this Mu Yingying!"

"Brother, what should we do now!" Yu Jing said.

"Just wait and see, I don't believe that this little demon girl can control the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger. She is the king of all beasts. How could she be willing to be driven by a human being?" Yu Hui also thought and said again and again.

"Big Tiger, don't kill these two people." Mu Yingying also gently attached to the tiger's ear of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger and said something.

"Ow~" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also howled, obviously knowing what he meant.

After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she also left here. This level of battle involves a lot of scope. It would be bad if one accidentally gets dust on her clothes.

"Is the Holy Fire Tiger sick today?"

"Howling all the time?" Yu Jing also scolded, Dou Di-level monsters have the same intelligence as humans, and it is normal to speak. , could it be... a half-finished product?

"Ow~" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger howled and looked at Yu Hui and the two.

"Small human beings, you should pay the price for your words and deeds!" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was obviously provoked by the two, and then raised his huge mouth and said to the two.

The reason why Tianhuo Shenghu just howled and didn't speak in front of Mu Yingying is because the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body has the magic power to fascinate Tianhuo Shenghu, so Tianhuo Shenghu is like taking care of her own daughter to Mu Yingying. General love, this is not to say.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

A huge flame energy emerged from the tiger's mouth, and then rushed towards Yu Hui and Yu Jing.

"What a terrifying flame!" The eyesight of the two was also extraordinary, and they felt an extremely terrifying power from the flame.

The two of them just wanted to dodge by coincidence. An attack like this one from the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was very easy for the two of them, who had practiced high-level fighting skills.

Saying it's late is fast!

Just when Yu Hui and the others were about to escape from the fireball attack of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, the huge tiger pupils of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger actually turned red, and then a terrifyingly hot flame emanated from the tiger's pupils!

"Space freezes!" A milky white light moved towards the space where Yu Hui and the two were at a speed invisible to the naked eye!

"It's not good!" Yu Hui, who didn't take it to heart, looked at the milky white light and knew that something was wrong!

Sure enough! Before Yu Hui's words were finished, the space where the two of them were located was absolutely controlled, and the strong suction attracted the two of them, imprisoning them firmly!

At the same time, the fireball that emerged from the mouth of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also slammed into the bodies of Yu Hui and the others!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying destructive power instantly turned into a life-threatening death, and the hot flames kept leaving deep scars on the two bodies.

Space freezes! This is the natural talent of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger!

Ordinary people only know that the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger lives by devouring flames, but they don't know that the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is the pride of the fire attribute and space attribute. The spatial attribute of control makes Tianhuo Shenghu worthy of the king of beasts!

The time of space freezing passed quickly, but even for a moment, it was enough, because the effect of this space freezing was only to let the fireball attack the two of them.

"It seems that the big tiger is angry..." Mu Yingying also saw that the Holy Tiger's display space was solidified, and her pink and tender hands also covered her mouth and nose slightly to prevent the dust from being battled from entering.

Normally, space freezing is the home skill of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, but this kind of housekeeping skill will only be displayed when it encounters danger or provocation. Now, it is clear that Yu Hui and the two have annoyed the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger.

"Cough cough cough." Yu Hui and Yu Jing both coughed violently at the same time, and then both of them were in ragged clothes, and the wounds on their bodies were also very embarrassed. The attack is quite difficult.

"Damn, this beast is so cunning!"

"Yu Jing, let this beast take a good look at our power!" After Yu Hui finished speaking, silver light flashed all over his body, and when Yu Jing heard the words, it also emitted a huge silver light at the same time.

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also smelled a dangerous breath, and then the whole body was wrapped in red flames. If you look closely, you can see that there is a hint of blue in the red flames. The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger raised its arrogant head and stared at Yu Jinger. People, like emperors looking at tiny ants.

Ask for a ticket~