Chapter Vol 4 1732: Help, the powerhouse of Soul Eater!

"Lei Wraith Seal!"

"Heaven Soul Ghost Palm!" Seeing Xiao Yan's four-colored Buddha's anger reincarnation, Fang Hao's expression finally moved, and he showed all his strength in an instant.

The silver thunder giant net filled the whole body, pushing its breath to the peak, the thunder giant claws and thunder giant palms on the body carried indescribable Xeon fluctuations, and roared away at the four-color Buddha's reincarnation.

"It's over." Gently projecting the four-color Buddha's Wrath Samsara towards Fang Hao, Xiao Yan, like a deflated balloon, fell off the desert ground from mid-air, obviously in order to condense this level of fighting. This skill consumed all of Xiao Yan's strength.

The four-colored amber lotus platform was like an inconspicuous meteor, piercing the sky and killing Fang Hao. It did not bring any earth-shattering energy ripples along the way. Instead, it was quiet like a weak storm.

But it was this extremely abnormal fluctuation that made Fang Hao's attack melt away like a broken ice and a willow. For a while, Fang Hao's whole body was full of hairs, and a wave of fear poured into his heart.

The whole body of the amber lotus platform contains the destructive power of heaven and earth, and at the center, a beautiful four-color lotus seed only the size of a longan, is like the most outstanding artwork left by the gods in the world, budding.

After the breath, just when the amber lotus platform approached Fang Hao's body for dozens of meters, the always quiet lotus platform actually dissipated directly, and the four-color lotus seeds slowly fell out. Between shrinking and shrinking, it was like a gorgeous fireworks reaching the highest point, fully blooming.

"Boom!" An irresistible explosion sounded suddenly in the mid-air of this desert hinterland.

"This guy..." For a time, even the Demon of Light with the blessing of the Holy Garment of Light, and the Lord of Soul Li, who was completely shrouded in the Realm of Acacia, noticed the destructive fluctuations in the outside world and muttered.

Destructive energy ripples, like tide water, centered on Fang Hao's body, spread out completely, and even a trace of flame ripples floated out. Wherever he touched, above the desert hinterland, countless yellow sand was evaporated completely in an instant. become nothingness.

This earth-shattering terrifying fluctuation caused hundreds of desert cracks in the entire desert hinterland to emerge out of thin air, as if the gods were furious and divine might descended.

"retreat!"

"What a terrifying guy!" Aware of this scene, the remaining three eight-star fighting immortals retreated directly, and the fighting qi appeared all over their body, turning into a huge fighting qi cage, protecting the hundreds of elites behind them.

Who would have thought that the seemingly inconspicuous weakling would be able to burst into such dazzling fluctuations. As for Fang Hao's life or death, I am afraid it is unknown.

"This guy is really unexpected." You'er and Heishan Longlang also formed a protective shield around their bodies, and immediately moved away from the center of the explosion, but You'er was surprised.

"This little guy, I am afraid that he will become a real overlord in the future." Heishan Longlang said with a smile.

"..." The scorching destructive energy lasted for a few minutes, and this desert hinterland, also because of Xiao Yan's shot, completely turned into a scene of embarrassing space, as if it would completely collapse and disappear at any time.

"Where's Fang Hao?"

After a while, until the power of destruction disappeared, Hua Shao, the head of Li Soul Guard, couldn't help asking.

Even though Fang Hao has done a lot of evil, as the lord of the West Temple, he must not let Xiao Yan completely obliterate him. Otherwise, once this matter spreads, what will be the face and prestige of the lord of the soul.

"Reporting to your lord... Hall Master... ashes and smoke." Hundreds of elites trembled when they heard the words, no one dared to speak. After a while, a seemingly lean Li Hunwei said tremblingly, he was responsible for going to the explosion Look for Fang Hao's figure.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Hua Shao's palm suddenly squeezed, and Li Hunwei was immediately crushed by him, and even his soul was not left behind.

"Those who bewitch the military, kill without mercy!" Hua Shao's cold voice reached the ears of the hundreds of elites behind him.

Incredible!

Fang Hao, the dignified master of the Western Temple of Lihunyu, has the strength in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal, and with the silver pattern on his body, his strength is comparable to the late stage powerhouse of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal. The flame of the four-color Buddha's wrath under the reincarnation?

Not only is he dead, but he is also wiped out, and even his soul is completely wiped out. Even if an angel descends to perform the resurrection magic, the hope of resurrection is quite weak. Obviously, this guy has truly fallen.

"Cough cough..." Looking at Hua Shao who was jumping like thunder, Xiao Yan lay quietly on the yellow sand in the hinterland of the desert. Seeing that there was a lot of chaos and even a lot of holy flames remaining, Xiao Yan smiled contentedly. .

It worked!

Combining the strongest power of the three holy flames, plus the four-color Buddha's Wrath Reincarnation born from Mu Yingying's origin, its power is enough to achieve a real leapfrog battle. Although Mu Yingying's strongest power is not used, this It is also to preserve the hope of resurrection, but it is enough for now.

"Little chops!"

"As the number one list on the wanted trial order in the ghost world, you actually obliterated my temple master. I will keep you here forever in the name of Hua Shao, the head of Li Soul Guard!"

"Death to this seat!" Looking at Xiao Yan in such a weak state, Hua Shao waved his hand, a terrifyingly sharp space blade formed a deadly sharp blade, and roared away at Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan saw this, the last trace of strength in his body was rolling out. Even if his face was extremely pale, he would never let himself be captured.

"Not good!" Seeing Hua Shao's attack with a distorted face, Heishan Longlang and You'er shouted at the same time. They just wanted to go to the rescue, but they were temporarily entangled by Li Hunwei.

At this moment, Xiao Yan was helpless.

"Little bastards, who can turn my Li Hunyu upside down so much, don't waste your descendants of the Xiao clan But today, let's stay here completely." Looking at Xiao who can be obliterated by raising his hands Yan, Hua Shao laughed.

"Hehe, my little junior brother, when is it time for a group of cats and dogs to teach a lesson?" Just in this deadly space, the sharp blade came to Xiao Yan's body, and was about to cut Xiao Yan's throat with a sweet smile that was enough to make everything look pale. The sound, with unquestionable monstrous divine power, diffused out!

Everyone heard the words and looked up, but they saw a silver door of space, completely revealed in the middle of the desert, and on the door of space, a beautiful shadow appeared, and the eyes were as gentle as jade, but it revealed endless. Strict and cold killing intent!

"Soul Eater... Hao Ni'er!" At this moment, Hua Shao's face became completely gloomy and unsightly.

"Little junior brother, you have done a good job, and then leave it to senior sister." Hao Ni Eryu raised his hand, and the majestic pure fighting qi was injected into Xiao Yan's body, warming Xiao Yan's meridian body, and a warm feeling flowed out. .

"Senior sister, he is very strong, and this place itself is a conspiracy, so be careful." Xiao Yan nodded quietly, trying to recover his fighting spirit, so that the dark cloak behind him slowly faded, even Xiao Sensheng in Xiao Yan's body. Found something mysterious.

At this moment, Hao Ni'er of Soul Eater took some high-level executives of Soul Eater and rushed here directly. For a while, in the dilapidated desert hinterland, the Demon of Light, the Lord of Li Soul, and the hundreds of elite Li Soul Guards of the West Temple, With the addition of the Black Devil Dragon Wolf and You Er, the real battle has begun!