Chapter Vol 4 1213: trade

"It's unfounded, how can you make me believe you?" Yu Yifeng turned his head and asked the little girl.

Obviously, after entering Icefire Island, the Icefire Island is too mysterious. If this little girl is willing to help them, then their confidence will be even greater. After all, this little girl has been imprisoned for a long time, so she must know about Icefire Island. more than yourself.

"I have been imprisoned here for hundreds of years, and I just want to be released."

"As for the uncle, if you are afraid that I have bad intentions, you can ask this big brother to set a layer of soul coating on me. If I have any bad thoughts, I am afraid I can't escape your palms." The little girl said seriously, looking at It looked like he wanted to use Xiao Yan and his party to help him get out of trouble, so as to help them in exchange.

"Is this okay?" Yu Yifeng asked Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan also smiled, then stared at Yu Yifeng.

This little girl must have been imprisoned for a long time, and why does she still look like she is about ten years old.

Also, this little girl can see through the purpose of the jade legacy with just one glance. I am afraid that it is not as simple as it seems on the surface.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, if you have time to work, put a layer of soul plating on her body, and then help her free herself from bondage." Yu Yifeng said to Xiao Yan.

The so-called soul coating is a tyrannical defense method set up by using the power of the soul to enter the body of others. Once others have any plans, the terrifying fluctuations generated by the soul coating directly attack the origin of the soul, which can easily penetrate its soul, thereby obliterating it. .

"Big brother, take it easy, I'm afraid of pain." Seeing Xiao Yan slowly coming to his side, the little girl bound by the boulder looked innocent.

"Be careful, some people seem harmless to humans and animals, but often this type of person is the most dangerous."

"There is no good person who can be imprisoned in the Ice and Fire Island."

"Don't be fooled by superficial phenomena." The Master of Soul Eater did not forget to instruct Xiao Yan.

"Senior, don't worry, I have my senses." Xiao Yan released his soul power and went towards the little girl's body in order to plant a layer of soul to restrain the little girl. At the same time, he was distracted and alerted the surroundings. If anything went wrong , it will start instantly.

"..." Time passed, and the next moment was five minutes.

"How is it?" Seeing Xiao Yan open his eyes, the figure next to him couldn't help but ask.

"I have set up a soul coating in her body. Once she has any strange behavior, I will directly detonate the soul coating. Even if she is strong, she will be seriously injured in an instant." Xiao Yan said.

"Big brother, now that you're ready, will you help me get rid of this bondage?" The little girl's face was a little ugly. It was obvious that the soul plating that Xiao Yan had set up just now had some impact on her.

"Haha, no hurry."

"The boulder that binds you is filled with the power of a huge soul seal, but your soul power is extremely weak. I'm a little curious about your background." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Let's talk about it." Seeing this, Yu Yifeng also smiled.

"You people are really abominable!" Hearing this, the little girl could not wait to eat Xiao Yan and Jade Legacy!

Just now, he gave up resistance, and Xiao Yan easily set up the soul plating. Now that there is a threat from the soul plating, the little girl did not dare to disobey them.

"My name is Luyin, and I am a practitioner of the water system."

"I heard that my parents died when I was a child, but I have never seen my biological parents since I was born. I was sent to an academy since I was born and raised by a certain teacher. Later, because of my good talent, It was sent to our local big family."

"But I don't think so. The son of that big family is actually a beast, and he has bad thoughts about me."

"Afterwards, I learned by chance and coincidence that my parents' deaths were all planned by them. Later, I practiced hard and practiced. Finally, one day, my strength broke through Dou Xian, thus destroying all seven hundred and ninety-seven members of their family. kill."

"After killing them, I went to the Dongzhou Super Sect to surrender, and those old guys sealed me here." The little girl said pitifully.

"Then what happened to your ten-year-old appearance?" Shuiyue also became curious.

"This is a rare medicinal herb that I accidentally ingested when I was young..." After the little girl finished speaking, a trace of pain appeared on her face.

When everyone heard the words, they couldn't help feeling sympathy, but they didn't say anything, only Xiao Yan and Yu Yifeng smiled vaguely.

"This guy, it's really a lot of lies."

"But with the legacy of jade, I want to see what tricks you can do." Xiao Yan smiled inwardly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let her out." Yu Yifeng said at the same time.

"Okay, pay attention, I will suppress the power of the seal on this giant stone, and you will come out with the help of the weakened seal." Xiao Yan finished speaking and walked towards the giant stone in an instant.

Just approaching the blue boulder, an inexplicable and tyrannical force of confinement slowly spread out. Under this force of confinement, Xiao Yan's power was greatly restricted.

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan didn't waste any time, and immediately shouted, the dazzling soul power was like a vast ocean, leaning directly towards the blue boulder.

"Crash!" The sound of the water slapped incessantly, and then the little girl's body actually became transparent. The next moment, with a puff, she easily broke free from the shackles of the blue boulder, and immediately fell to the ground.

"I... I'm finally free!" The little girl looked at the blue boulder and Xiao Yan, couldn't believe it, and said excitedly.

The little girl just said that it is true only if she ingests the medicinal materials by mistake and remains around ten years old, and the rest are false.

But just after being freed from the bondage, the little girl didn't do anything. After all, her strength is too weak. If she reveals her purpose too early, I am afraid that she will be instantly obliterated by these people in front of her, not to mention that Xiao Xiao is still in her body. Soul plating under fire seeds.

"Humph."

"Your purpose this time is actually to save the people of the ghost kingdom... But my purpose is similar to yours."

"When I fought with the guy on the sixth floor, my soul power was seriously injured, but as long as I can swallow his soul source, then my soul power will be restored to its original state."

"It's better to follow this group of people first. After all, their purpose is the eighth floor, and mine is the seventh floor."

"Now my state is not as good as before, and following them can reduce some of the battles."

"Susu." The little girl had just landed, and she was thinking quickly in her head.

"Now, is it time to say something about that guy?" Yu Yifeng laughed as he watched the little girl land on the ground.

"That's natural."

"The guy you want to save is on the eighth floor."

"And the guardian who guards the eighth floor is a soul beast whose strength is comparable to that of a human three-star Dou Di." The little girl said slowly with a silver bell-like voice.

End of this chapter