Chapter Vol 4 1098: A guy sheltered by a big man!

"Crash!" The terrifying strong wind slapped the three of them like a sharp scabbard, causing the three of them to make a slight cry.

"Oh shit……"

"Although we were caught in the spatial vortex, this spatial vortex doesn't have to be so cruel, right?" Xiao Yi, who was on the side, looked at the darkness, without any brilliance, only the sound of the piercing wind rang out and couldn't help saying.

"Okay." Seeing Xiao Yi speak like this, Long Yi, who was beside him, laughed.

"Second brother!" And Xiao Yi also smiled slightly.

"Even though we have to leave Xuan Santian sooner or later, it is unexpected that King Xuan Ling actually used Xuan Cang's body and all his strength to condense the space channel, so we had to leave early."

"If there is a chance in the future, I must come back and have a good reminiscence with Zhu Lao and the others." Xiao Yan looked at the entrance of the disappearing space whirlpool and said.

"Second brother, where are we going now?" Looking at the endless space whirlpool, Xiao Yi asked.

"Whoosh whoosh!" As soon as Xiao Yi's voice fell, there was a violent breaking wind, which turned out to be vaguely attacking Xiao Yi directly.

"Third brother, be careful!" Long Yi's eyes were quick and he pushed Xiao Yi's figure away.

"Bang bang bang!" In the invisible sound of breaking wind, I don't know what kind of force hit Long Yi's body, and that Long Yi was forced back dozens of meters before he stabilized his figure.

"Big brother, are you alright?" Xiao Yan saw Long Yi like this and couldn't help but ask Long Yi.

Xiao Yan was extremely shocked. Long Yi is now a genuine Fighting Immortal strongman. The sound of breaking the wind in this area can emit such a powerful force. If the strength of himself and Xiao Yi has not reached the Fighting Immortal level, I am afraid that there are more fortunes than good fortune.

"Senior, what's going on?" When Xiao Yan was at a loss, he hurriedly asked the Soul Eater in his body, because when he just left, Xiao Yan felt the Soul Eater returning to his body. among.

"..." What was waiting for Xiao Yan was deathly tranquility.

"It's really a bunch of interesting little guys."

"You seem to have a familiar smell on your body." After a while, in the vortex of space, an air mass enveloped in black aura slowly surrounded Xiao Yan.

"Ghost energy?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he just smelled the power of this aura!

The aura above this mysterious air mass is exactly the same as that of a ghost, and it is even more powerful than the ghost that Xiao Yan had encountered before!

Xiao Yan didn't have the chance to get in touch with the powerhouses in the ghost world. At best, he was the Lord of Soul Eater. Could it be that this mysterious guy was the enemy of the Lord of Soul Eater?

Xiao Yan doesn't know how powerful Soul Eater is. The only thing Xiao Yan knows is that the enemy of Soul Eater can easily wipe himself out.

The next moment, the heart on Xiao Yan's chest seemed to smell dangerous fluctuations, and traces of blue flames slowly emerged, as if he wanted to protect Xiao Yan subconsciously.

"Boy, don't run."

"I won't do anything to you." The mysterious black energy in the vortex of space just came to Xiao Yan, and he immediately saw Xiao Yan running away and said directly.

"..." Xiao Yan couldn't do it without running. When this mysterious black qi enveloped him just now, the blood in his body stopped flowing, and even his fighting qi was frozen!

"Your Excellency, we don't seem to have anything to do with each other. If you do this, aren't you afraid of provoking divine condemnation?" Xiao Yan also knew that in the vortex of space, it would undoubtedly be more difficult to escape from the power of the almighty in front of him than to ascend to the sky. .

"Human boy, you are right."

"But there are fluctuations in you that I am familiar with."

"In this way, you let me search your body. If I sense something wrong, I will apologize to you in person, how about that?" The mysterious black qi was still unwilling to give up, and said slowly, but there was no one in the voice. A negotiated tone, more like an order.

"Don't worry, although you have some wonders like holy flames in your body, my goal is not it." It seemed that I could see Xiao Yan's concerns, and there was a trace of mysterious black energy.

"Huhu."

"It seems that the war has just ended, and it has to start again."

"Xiao Yi, Long Yi!" Xiao Yan heard the words, shouted loudly, and said directly.

Since Mu Yingying's sacrifice, Xiao Yan's source that was injured by detonating the strange fire has also been repaired by him, and even his strength has been promoted a lot.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, his current strength has already entered the Nine-Star Dou Emperor. Although he has only just stepped in, it can be regarded as a real Rank One Nine-Star Dou Emperor, and Xiao Yan still has Ghost Face Soul Flame that has not been swallowed. It is impossible to say that it can reach a whole new level after swallowing.

"Kill!" Long Yi and Xiao Yi looked at each other, and a majestic aura emerged. Obviously, the mysterious black air in front of them made them both feel a wave of death.

"Haha, what a vigilant little guy."

"But the more you are like this, the more you make me feel that my induction is right."

"Then let me take action to capture you." The mysterious black qi slowly exhaled, and then outside the black qi, a dark palm with nearly a thousand meters of energy slowly formed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is this... a two-star fighting immortal or..."

"Three Stars Fighting Immortals?" Even if Xiao Yan used his internal burning skills and many methods of holy flame, they were still insignificant in front of such a behemoth.

"Damn." Just when Xiao Yan was about to fight desperately, a familiar voice slowly cut through the space.

"Ha ha."

"My disciple, when is it a kid's turn to take action?" And when the palm of nearly a thousand feet of energy was about to attack Xiao Yan, a certain place in the vortex of space collapsed, and then a burst of energy led to the sky. The golden-yellow energy giant claws suddenly shattered the void, and slapped a claw on the palm of the black energy!

"Whoosh whoosh!" The golden dragon claw slammed out, and the huge energy palm was immediately smashed away.

"Dragon clan?" Looking at this scene, the mysterious black gas couldn't help roaring, and a tone of fear slowly emerged.

"The person I want to protect by the Golden Dragon King is also the one who dares to move in your mere ants?" Seeing the golden dragon claw smashing his own energy palm with one claw, his aura never weakened, and he was attacking the mysterious black energy.

"Golden Dragon King?"

"Didn't you already fall..."

"Damn is actually a guy sheltered by a big man."

"Good luck to you!" The mysterious black gas heard the words, and threw a word viciously, and then his figure flashed and disappeared in an instant.

"Uncle Shi..." And Xiao Yan stared blankly at the golden dragon claw that was full of majesty in front of him. On the golden dragon claw, a powerful force that competed with heaven and earth slowly appeared.

"It's better to talk about the old days in the future. I just went back and I still have a lot of things to do. The main reason for the force to cut through the space this time is to feel that your life is in danger. Unexpectedly, it's a step too late."

"But now that you are safe and sound, I will take Long Yi and Xiao Yi back. Some places are more suitable for them." The Golden Dragon King Xuying said slowly.

"Second brother, we'll come as soon as we go. Next time we meet, don't be thrown too far by me." Xiao Yi and Long Yi looked at each other and said.

"Hey, next time we meet, I don't know who is so powerful." Xiao Yan was also quite happy when he heard this. After all, Long Yi's body has not been infused with dragon blood, and the identity of Xiao Yihuo elf is unclear, so he can't get anything from following him. thing.

"Master of Soul Eater, I don't care about what happened to my disciple in Xuan Santian before, but this time I go to the ghost realm, if something goes wrong with my precious disciple in your ghost realm, be careful I will clear your soul eater realm. After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, with a flash of light, he took Xiao Yi and Long's own figures away, and then left a voice that shook the sky and the earth, slowly echoing in the vortex of this space.

With the disappearance of the Golden Dragon King and his party, the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao's body slowly loosened.