Chapter Vol 4 1029: blood pattern

"asshole!"

"asshole!"

"Bastard!" Three consecutive angry shouts suddenly emerged from Xuetian.

As the head of the four envoys, Xuetian is naturally very good to the other three. Now the other three envoys have all fallen into the hands of this human named Xiao Yan in front of him, making him extremely angry, gnashing his teeth and wishing to dismember Xiao Yan's five horses.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's soul attack directly destroyed Xue Xuan, mainly because Xue Xuan had no means of soul defense, and coupled with the tyranny of Xiao Yan's soul attack, it was naturally a one-hit kill, but Xiao Yan also I know that I am afraid that I will not be able to use Soul Attack in a short period of time. After all, this method of killing the enemy in seconds is tyrannical, but it also has its drawbacks. It is good to kill with one blow, but it is only one blow. Power, cannot be used a second time in a short period of time.

"Humph!"

"Don't try to escape my attack." Xiaoyi, who was surrounded by Xuetian, saw Xuetian so angry, and immediately realized that something was wrong, and said slowly, the gorgeous flame was condensing, and immediately attacked Go and try to trap this guy.

"This guy, such a tyrannical attack..." The corner of Yan Chi's mouth was slightly condensed. Obviously, Xiao Yan's huge attack just now caused him a lot of shock. Yan Chi asked himself, even if it was himself To deal with that level of attack, I am afraid that it will be seriously injured in an instant, not to mention that the strength is only the blood Xuan of the eight-star fighting emperor level.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What is that..." At this moment, Mu Yingying was standing some distance behind Xiao Yan, but she couldn't help opening her mouth when she saw the figure wrapped in blood-red aura not far behind the Gorefiend Child.

With her perception, she was shocked to discover that this figure wrapped all over the body was even more dangerous than Xue Tian.

"Gorefiend, it looks like today..." Ghost-faced Soul Yan, who was fighting against the Gorefiend, saw this scene and couldn't help laughing. There was no doubt that Xiao Yan's blow gave the Gorefiend that arrogant arrogance. small suppression.

"Don't be too happy too soon."

"The mistake that this human being put down will be repaid sooner or later." After the childlike Gorefiend finished speaking, the light all over his body skyrocketed, and then the two attacked.

"Although this soul attack is powerful, the load on oneself is too high." Xiao Yan said slowly as he watched Xue Xuan and the human body it occupied disappear without a trace.

"Xiao Yan!"

"I slaughtered you!" The next moment, Xuetian's pupils became bloodthirsty and red, and then his whole body exploded instantly, breaking through Xiao Yi's suppression in one fell swoop, and roaring towards Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" Bloody Heaven's evil red palm contained extremely powerful power, and immediately hit Xiao Yan, but a miraculous scene appeared.

"Choke choke!" At the next moment, a shadowy figure appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan, and then the silver-white fairy sword swung directly at Xuetian several swords. few.

"Good good!"

"You are deceiving people too much!"

"Blood Array Diagram!" The next moment, a frantic look appeared in Xuetian's pupils, and then he ignored everything else, a trace of the original power emerged from his body, and then shouted at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan heard the words, and just wanted to push Mu Yingying away, but a sense of weakness came from her body, which made her unable to move.

"Fall into the abyss of evil, feel the destruction!" After Xuetian finished speaking, a small sheepskin scroll surrounded by blood-red rays of light slowly appeared in the palm of his hand.

And when the blood-red sheepskin scroll appeared, the ghost face and soul inflammation on the other side became ugly: "The blood demon clan formation..."

"This is something that has really killed a fighting fairy."

"Gulugulu!" The next moment, Xue Tian and Xiao Yan, including Mu Yingying, were directly sucked into the blood-red sheepskin scroll.

"It won't happen, right?" Seeing this, Xiao Yi frowned.

"Probably not. Both of them have holy flames on their bodies... But this blood demon clan formation is not an ordinary thing." Yan Chi said slowly.

"Ghost Face Soul Flame, I'll help you!" Then the next moment, relying on her trust in her eldest brother, Xiao Yi said directly, and after finishing speaking, she projected towards the Gorefiend's battle circle.

"It's good to come!" Seeing this, the Gorefiend Envoy, although the pressure has increased greatly, is still very calm in dealing with Ghost Face Soul Yan and Xiao Yi, and no matter how powerful Xiao Yi and Ghost Face Soul Yan are attacking, the Gorefiend Envoy can Next, as for Yan Chi, he stayed quietly aside.

"Where is this..." And since Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were sucked into the sheepskin scroll, they suddenly came to an extremely unfamiliar space, and in that space, there was boundless darkness, and in the darkness, a A suffocating evil spirit tried to devour the two of them cleanly.

"This should be in the Gorefiend formation." Xiao Yan swept his eyes around, and then said, with the strength of his spiritual power, he could smell a trace of the formation.

"Are you... okay?" Mu Yingying disagreed with what Xiao Yan said, and then asked with concern.

"I'm fine, the soul attack that I just performed consumed too much soul power, and now I can barely recover some." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"What should we do now?" Mu Yingying lost her mind for a while, and then asked Since it's a formation..."

"Then use the formation to deal with the formation." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a trace of fire also appeared in his pupils, and then the core inscription of the divine movement that had been hidden in the Ni Gong Wan slowly appeared.

"Weng Om Om!" The core inscription engraved with countless tiny mysterious runes just appeared, and the evil aura in this space suddenly gave off a smell of fear.

"What is this... how can it generate such a powerful force?" Xue Tian, ​​who was hiding in the dark, saw Xiao Yan's appearance, and couldn't help but hesitate.

"Blood Heaven."

"You blood demons will be evil, today, I will send you four brothers to reunite." Xiao Yan said in a coercive voice.

After speaking, without any hesitation, the core inscription of the core of Shen Dong's life directly burst into a dazzling light, illuminating this special formation space.

After a while, a circle of hot fire waves suddenly radiated from Xiao Yan's body.

"This is also... the power of the formation?" At this moment, Xue Tian's face was completely solidified!

"The formation and the formation..."

"That's how fun!"

"Breaking the Immortal Silk and Vine Array, break it for me!" And when Xiao Yan's last words fell, in the boundless darkness, a fiery aura also radiated out!

"Ignorance child, you will pay the price for your arrogance!" Xue Tian, ​​who was hiding in the dark, said something, and then he pushed the blood pattern in his palm, trying to obliterate the two of them directly!