Chapter Vol 4 1040: Incense-burning pavilion in critical condition

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling cyan flame storm, like a disaster that destroyed the world, directly wiped out the countless foreign evil races in the entire Demon Suppression Territory in an instant.

"Blood Demon!"

"Fall down completely!" In the next moment, the ghost-faced ghost-flaming cyan figure finally completely dissipated, turning into a smear of the purest cyan liquid, and shot directly at the Gorefiend.

"asshole!"

"It's so tyrannical!" Seeing this, the Gorefiend's pupils could not help shrinking tightly, and a fear of death poured into his heart!

"Crash!" Seeing this, Yan Chi seemed to want to save the Gorefiend, but when his fiery red holy flame came into contact with the cyan liquid, it penetrated silently, and the cyan liquid was a tiny amount of energy. No waves hit the Gorefiend's child's body.

"Pfft!"

"Pfft!"

"Pfft!" Three consecutive soft voices came directly from the Gorefiend.

"Ah, ah, ah!" The next moment, the gorefiend's golden energy on the Gorefiend's body became dissipated directly, and even mouthfuls of evil blood burst out suddenly.

"Boom boom boom!" After a short while, countless cyan flames suddenly gathered from all directions in the town of Demon Town, surrounding the Gorefiends!

"Ghost face and soul flame!"

"Remember to this envoy that this time, I will make the holy flame crystal disappear completely!" The blood demon envoy said slowly with his resentful eyes. After speaking, the childlike body was directly discarded by him, leaving behind a Bloody air mass.

"Bang bang bang!" The child's body was just discarded, and all the **** burned by the blue flames was immediately left, but the Gorefiend's state was also extremely uncomfortable. After all, he lost his body, and now he has been seriously injured.

"Yanchi, you go back and join my body first..."

"I was injured so badly this time, I have to recover in the blood river." The blood-colored air mass said slowly.

"Yeah." Because Yan Chi is a holy flame, the self-destruction of Ghost Face Soul Flame doesn't pose much danger to him.

As soon as the voice fell, Yan Chi's figure quietly disappeared, and he moved towards the Xuanling royal family. As for the blood-colored air mass, it also slowly left the Demon Suppression Realm and headed towards the people of the Xuanling royal family in the blood river.

On the other side, after Xiao Yan and the others left Demon Town, they also came to an uninhabited wasteland.

"Brother, it's right here..."

"The injury in your body still needs to be dealt with properly." After a while, Xiao Yi said first.

"En." Xiao Yan glanced around, then sat down quietly, carefully conditioning the injury in his body.

The shattering of the immortal body, coupled with the fact that the body was so severely injured by the body, if not healed properly, it will cause a dark disease.

"..." The two of Mu Yingying were also very sensible, and kept warning Xiao Yan, but did not do anything else.

"I don't know where the Holy Flame Crystal of Ghost Face and Soul Flame went..."

"That thing is the source of holy flame..." Xiao Yan temporarily stabilized the injury in his body, and then said.

"Weng buzzing!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a burst of cyan flames suddenly radiated out of the quiet Yin Tong's body.

"Ghost face and soul inflammation?" When Xiao Yan saw this sudden scene, he was suddenly surprised!

"Senior Brother..." Xiao Yan's eyes were filled with a hint of moisture, and he opened his mouth slightly.

However, as Xiao Yan opened his mouth, Yin Tong still seemed to have no memory.

The next moment, the blue holy flame crystal was swallowed directly by Yin Tong!

"This..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning. The importance of Saint Yan to him was essential.

"Hey, interesting."

"I didn't expect this guy to be the controller of the previous Holy Flame." When Xiao Yan and the others looked at each other, the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan suddenly said.

"what?"

"The last Saint Flame Controller?"

"In other words, Senior Brother Yintong is the previous owner of Ghost Face Soul Yan?" Xiao Yan was a little shocked in his mind.

"good."

"Look carefully, there is a cyan flame in the deepest part of his body."

"This azure flame is also the source of holy flame. Although it is weak, when it was controlled by the Gorefiend, it was this last trace of strength that preserved his hope of life." Soul Eater said.

"Then...how should I obtain this holy flame?" Xiao Yan asked in Zaidu.

"It's very simple."

"Today's Yin Tong can be regarded as resurrected, but his memory has been lost."

"But according to my guess, Yin Tong, the Xuanling royal family and the blood demon envoy have a direct hatred and hatred. If you kill the blood demon envoy, he will naturally hand over the holy flame crystal to you willingly."

"The secret, I believe you have already discovered it." Soul Eater said pretending to be profound.

"I see." Xiao Yan said with a smile, just now, Yin Tong did swallow the Holy Flame Crystal, but that kind of swallowing was not the power to swallow the Holy Flame Crystal, but the protection!

In other words, the current Yin Tong, although reborn, but the memory is lost, at this time is only responsible for protecting Sheng Yanjing.

"Right, Soul Eater Talisman."

"Just now the Gorefiend is so powerful, why didn't you do it?"

"If you devour him, I'm afraid your strength will recover a lot, and I can also get Saint Flame Crystal, killing two birds with one stone?" Xiao Yan questioned.

"Hey, what you think is too simple."

"The Gorefiend made me able to devour him, but now I can't devour him, not to mention Yan Chi..."

"So there is no certainty of victory I will not shoot." Soul Eater said.

"..." Xiao Yan was speechless.

"Since that's the case, let's go, first go to meet the senior brothers and the others, and then defeat the Xuanling royal family in one fell swoop. This time, the sect competition can be considered a complete success." Xiao Yan stood up immediately, then looked into the distance and said.

And as Xiao Yan just walked around, a silver medal with burning characters appeared in Xiao Yi's hand next to him. Above the silver medal, a fiery burning sensation slowly spread out.

"Xiao Yi, what's wrong?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan asked hurriedly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Brother, this is the disciple card of our Burning Incense Pavilion." Xiao Yi said.

"I know, but what is this fiery burning sensation?" Xiao Yan asked.

"And now it's like this, I'm afraid our senior brothers in the Fenxiang Pavilion... something happened..." After Xiao Yi finished speaking, her eyes became strange.

"The Xuanling royal family has already been beheaded by me. With the help of the senior brothers and the others, who can cause such danger to them?"

"Could it be someone from another super sect?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"I don't think so...it kind of smells like a blood demon." But the Soul Eater Talisman said in a stern voice.

"go!"

"Go and meet with Senior Brother and the others!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the four of them immediately relied on the connection with the Silver Medal of Burning Incense Pavilion and headed towards Senior Brother's location.