Chapter 88: The strongest 1 hit!

In the face of this terrifying martial arts attack, Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then raised the ancient ruler of different fire in his hand. As the milky-white flame energy around his body fluctuated more and more violently, a trace of substantive fiery energy suddenly emerged from nothingness. It penetrated out of the space, and finally wrapped around Xiao Yan's body, spinning wildly. With the rotation of these energies, a gust of wind suddenly emerged and swept out in all directions. The big tree in the sky is trembling!

"The flame divides the wave ruler!" With Xiao Yan's loud shout, the originally pitch-black heavy ruler also burst into gorgeous colors, and then Xiao Yan raised the heavy ruler with both hands and faced the oncoming long sword light. Violently hacked past!

A scorching terrifying power radiated from the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire, and then formed a shock wave as high as a hundred meters, whistling away at the light of the long sword that was blowing in the face!

"Huhuhu!"

The heavy ruler and the light just touched each other, and then the light resisted for a few seconds, and then instantly wilted at a speed visible to the naked eye.

The shock wave also attacked the martial illusion with a long sword in his hand like a broken bamboo!

Wu Huan's face also darkened at this time.

He had obviously underestimated Xiao Yan's strength before, because Wu Huan also found that the moment he took off the heavy ruler from behind Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's aura instantly soared!

The pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di!

Wu Huan's smile that he had won the ticket was also lost in front of Xiao Yan, who was suddenly at the peak of the three-star Dou Di!

"How is that possible!" Wu Huan looked at Xiao Yan in disbelief.

But at this moment, he couldn't care about so much, Wu Huan snorted coldly, and then his whole body was filled with fiery red aura, like a long sword in his hand. Above the long sword, another beam of light that was stronger than before attacked Xiao Yan. .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Wu Huan is also clear that facing Xiao Yan, who is also at the peak of the three-star Dou Di, if he doesn't work hard, he will end up...

"Boom boom boom!"

Another wave of terrifying attacks, this time, the light of the long sword wielded by Wu Huan was once again dissipated by the flame shock wave.

However, Wu Huan returned to normal after a brief surprise, and then he also had a plan in his heart. Since this is the case, then he can only use his strongest means. Wu Huan believes that even if this Xiao Yan is jumping, he will not be able to do it. It is not worth mentioning even under his strongest attack!

After receiving Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, Wu Huan's arm jerked violently, and then the long sword pointed diagonally at the sky, and then the long sword suddenly pointed at Xiao Yan with the sound of breaking wind. The terrifying dark energy spilled into the ground along the air, and immediately, the surrounding trees and boulders turned into powder in an instant.

"Prisoner bird!"

A thunderous shout suddenly sounded, and at the tip of the long sword, a fiery red grudge like a mountain torrent erupted!

The overwhelming fiery red light, with an incomparably sharp and piercing sound, pierced through the space like lightning and shot directly at Xiao Yan in the distance. Wherever the fiery red light passed, the entire sky trembled slightly!

The full blow of this martial arts is so terrifying!

Xiao Yan's jet-black pupils were almost shrouded in a fiery red sword light that covered the sky and the ground. As the primary target, Xiao Yan could feel what a terrifying and fierce offensive contained within that fiery red sword light!

However, this is the case, Xiao Yan also has absolute confidence, any offensive will have to dissipate under his own strange fire!

A mouthful of slightly hot air was deeply sucked into his lungs. Xiao Yan took a slow and strong step forward in that mid-air. He held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand high above his head. On his arms, the blue veins were exposed, like a wriggling line. Like a snake!

The next moment, Xiao Yan's arm trembled, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand suddenly fell!

Two wild shouts suddenly sounded, and immediately, above the heavy ruler, a huge milky white ruler, a hundred feet tall, shot out with a terrifying potential like a broken bamboo!

The moment Chimang shot out, the space was like a lake that was thrown into a boulder, and there was a huge fluctuation. The originally intact earth, a 100-meter wide crack, spread rapidly along the trajectory of Chimang!

The gigantic milky white hundred-zhang-chi-mang flashed out of Xiao Yan's hands like a lightning, and wherever he went along the way, the tiny energy from the chi-man's light overflowed, directly causing the surrounding space to be shattered!

In the sky, a hundred-zhang-sized fiery-red dazzling sword light occupies half of the sky, and it is also a hundred-zhang milky white red glow, which shoots straight out like a crescent moon.

Two extremely terrifying attacks are about to start a crash like a meteorite collision!

In midair, the milky white ruler light and the fiery red sword light finally collided fiercely in the next moment...

However, the collision in the sky was not the shocking explosion that resounded through the sky as imagined, but strangely, there was no sound at all.

The sky is like the milky white and the fiery red that two groups of water of different colors are fighting back and forth. Although this confrontation is extremely quiet and silent, the space becomes extremely distorted where the two terrifying energies come into contact. An unreal, eerie feeling.

In this quiet place in the depths of the Warcraft Mountains, there is a faint hissing sound coming from the energy fighting back and forth in mid-air, milky white and fiery red, like two huge clouds, covering the sky deep in the Warcraft Mountains. , The seemingly peaceful confrontation, but they all hold the idea of ​​​​devouring the other side.

Xiao Yan stared at the two huge groups of energy in the mid-air, behind that hundred feet of light. His whole person was as if he had collapsed, his face was slightly pale as paper, and his body was swaying. If he had not touched the ground with a heavy ruler in his hand, he would have been unable to stabilize his body and could only fall from the air. down.

Obviously, this time, he completely used the seventh layer of breaking the sky ruler and the first layer, and completely squeezed out the last trace of vindictiveness in Xiao Yan's body.

Fortunately, Xiao Yan was an alchemist, and as soon as he landed, he took out several medicinal pills from the ring, and devoured it under Wu Huan's envious gaze.

Compared with Xiao Yan, Wu Huan was not so lucky. He fell from mid-air in an instant. was no better than Xiao Yan, but his face was the same. Pale as paper, he stared nervously at the energy that the two groups in the air were constantly eroding and swallowing each other.

The eyes of the two of them at this time stayed in the air. For a while, deep in the Demonic Beast Mountains, they seemed to be waiting for the result of the confrontation between the two energy groups with extremely terrifying destructive power.

The two milky white ruler glows and fiery red sword glows that were constantly swallowing and entangled in the sky were abruptly like boiling water, fluctuating violently, and immediately the two **** of energy suddenly swelled in the eyes of the two of them!

Looking at the two huge groups of energy that suddenly and strangely swelled up, for some reason, the two of them felt a sense of unease.

When the expansion reached a certain critical point, the two huge energies suddenly stopped all movements, and the strange deep luster, like a tiny light spot, suddenly appeared. With the appearance of the strange luster, the space suddenly fluctuated. Xiao The strongest blows of Yan and Wu Huan seem to have a little mutation between the contact and swallowing each other, and in this situation, even they themselves feel extremely dazed and surprised.

The spot of light rapidly expanded in the two groups of energy. At the end, the spot of light became more and more dazzling, and the fluctuations in the space became more and more violent at this moment.

The dazzling light shone from the sky. When the energy of the sky and the earth was rampant, the milky white and fiery red energy group finally couldn't bear the change of energy. Suddenly, a thunderous explosion, carrying an extremely terrifying storm, came from the air. It swept out from the middle, the storm passed, and the space oscillated!

Ask for a ticket~