Chapter Vol 4 1823: Hire a Guard!

"Are you alright?" The void of stars evolved and closed, and in just a short moment, it appeared in the sea of ​​flowers in the Tianyuan Mountains.

"It's okay..." Xiao Yan said with concern, looking at Princess Lin Yunshu's noble posture in front of her, but her cheeks turned pale.

The mystery of the power of the stars is indeed beyond Xiao Yan's imagination, but the method that has just been used to span the entire space has also caused a lot of inconvenience for the princess who has not yet fully grasped the power of the stars.

"You take a rest first." Lin Yunshu frowned slightly, trying his best to maintain his best mental state so as not to be discovered by Xiao Yan, but even how to maintain it, he still couldn't escape Xiao Yan's soul perception.

"His Royal Highness, there is one thing that you must think about as soon as possible." Xiao Yan heard the words, ignoring the numerous scars on his body, and said with an unusually deep gaze.

"Lord Xiao Yan, you are now full of scars, so you should go to rest first." Ji Xuan, Lin Hao and others also hurriedly said.

"Lin Fengya secretly built an underground palace under his Sky Profound City."

"The underground palace is like a bee's nest, and I sneaked into it by chance. I think the emperor's disease should be related to this beast."

"In the core of the underground palace, there is a scene sealed by a special barrier, where is the Four Dragons Lock Coffin, and the Emperor's Soul is sealed in the coffin." Xiao Yan stared at Her Royal Highness, and spoke word by word.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan's voice was like a thunder that shattered the sky, and suddenly echoed in everyone's ears. At the same time, as Xiao Yan's voice just fell, in this sea of ​​flowers, the whole body of Her Royal Highness Princess, a touch of stars, The dark and cold power of the sea of ​​stars suddenly swept out.

"This beast with a human face and a beast heart!" Lin Yunshu was angry, the power of the stars around him was like an executor, no one could match.

"Princess, calm down, this matter must be considered from a long-term perspective." On the other side, the old man Lin Xia's eyes flashed with a gleam of light, and said solemnly.

"Four Dragon Lock Coffin, what exactly is it?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask when he saw that the words in the Four Dragon Lock Coffin became strange in the pupils of the four present.

"Four Dragon Lock Coffin, this is an ancient formation specially collected by the royal family."

"In the records, no one knows its specific power, and no one can use it, so it has always existed in the royal treasury. Unfortunately, when the plague was rampant a hundred years ago, the treasury was bloodbathed and many things were lost. It is one of them.”

"In terms of value, it is enough to rank among the top three in the imperial treasury, and its predecessor was refined by a certain great master with four dragon corpses. It is said to be a repressive seal fighting skill." Lin Xia said. For a while, her eyes were locked, and it was obvious that even she was helpless about it.

"It's troublesome..." Ji Xuan and Lin Hao were shocked when they heard the words.

"Ji Xuan, take Sir Xiao Yan down to rest."

"Lin Hao, convene all the high-level executives and start the meeting with the highest standard." Lin Yunshu's eyes touched lightly, and he said softly, with no deep meaning.

"Yes." Ji Xuan nodded.

"If you need help, feel free to speak." Xiao Yan left a light sentence and left here immediately.

"Princess, Lin Fengya and Lin Feng are two formidable enemies. I wonder how you feel about the power of the stars?" Lin Xia asked suddenly as several people disappeared.

"I have mastered 50%...but, it's enough." Lin Yunshu showed a rare smile at this time, her brows were like dark holes, very deep, but as for how much she had mastered, I am afraid only she herself knew.

That is the power of the vast stars, which is extremely mysterious to ordinary people, but Lin Xia is very happy about it.

For a time, the entire sea of ​​flowers also became busy. The high-level meeting will formulate the final plan for Lin Fengya and Lin Feng. In a few days, they will go to Wangcheng together for the final election.

"Master Xiao Yan... that's not what the princess meant." Ji Xuan hurriedly explained to Xiao Yan along the way, for fear that Xiao Yan would misunderstand.

"Let's just say it, what plans does Her Royal Highness have?" Xiao Yan said lightly.

Just now, many of their high-level meetings directly excluded him. Although he was seriously injured, Xiao Yan also noticed the other intentions of the princess, and immediately lost his attachment.

"This is the soul of Yimu." Ji Xuan grinned as he spoke, Na Jie wriggled, and a beautiful jade box appeared in his hand.

It was a pure white jade box. The inside of the box was covered, and no trace could be seen from the outside world. However, Xiao Yan could sense the extremely terrifying power inside the jade box, accompanied by an invisible wave all over the box. of oppression.

"This is?" Xiao Yan hesitated.

"This is the key to the reason why the royal family's wooden attributes are different from ordinary people. The princess already knows about the matter of Lord Xiao Yan's help in the Devil's Sea."

"It's a reward."

"In addition, this is a fighting skill at the peak of the second wood attribute holy rank." As he spoke, his palms swayed, and two scrolls of sheepskin emerged together.

"What do you mean, princess?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's heart also became hot.

Originally, this trip to Tianxing Continent was for the immortal flame. If you were lucky enough to obtain the power of the wood attribute, then it would be of great benefit to your future cultivation.

"In a few days, the three electors will enter the king's city together. At that time, if the strength exceeds the six-star Dou Xian, they will not be able to enter, so the princess wants to let the adults **** you..." Ji Xuan whispered, now people are panic, they I don't believe anyone, only an outsider like Xiao Yan can absolutely trust it Okay, I'll take it. "Xiao Yan heard the words and smiled heartily.

"The princess has already mastered some of the power of the stars, which is enough to deal with many emergencies, but the princess feels that the biggest variable in this election is Lord Xiao Yan." At the end of the sentence, Ji Xuan Zaidu said with a smile, this sentence is The princess let herself pass it to Xiao Yan as is. Although Ji Xuan didn't know the princess' intention, he still followed suit.

"En." The two of them were chatting, and then they went back to their respective places. Xiao Yan also understood the princess' mind more or less.

"The soul of Yimu, the wood attribute fighting skill at the peak of the second holy order, it seems that the princess also smelled some dangerous breath."

"This time, look at me." Just after entering his own house, Xiao Yan floated three things directly into the air and laid out the soul barrier. Although the time was short, a few days were enough. After all, Xiao Yan is now Fen Jue and the tyrannical degree of soul power are not what they used to be.

For a time, Xiao Yan's breath continued to recover, and even directly swallowed the soul of Yimu. At the same time, the wood attribute fighting core in Xiao Yan's body also underwent various transformations.

At this moment, Xiao Yan finally set foot on the second attribute with the help of the princess, and became the guy who controls the dual attributes of fire and wood, but as time got closer, the entire Tianxing Continent became turbulent. .

I don't know if this election will be an unforgettable one or a catastrophe.