Chapter Vol 4 2020: The disaster of the ancient prison is over, regroup!

"Xuuuu!" Xiao Yan looked at the afterimages left in the void, trembling with fear and trembling emerged, and even the blood in his body instantly solidified, and beads of sweat the size of beans kept dripping.

"Thank you very much." After the breath, Gen Gu Chi and Di Yan Jie exuded a gentle aura at the same time, resisting the sky-shaking oppression conveyed in the afterimage, and Xiao Yan felt a lot better.

"Crack!" With a sound, the afterimage of the void dissipated in an instant. Although this was only a small part of the afterimage of the memory of the meeting of the kings of the evil race outside the territory, it was enough for Xiao Yan.

Through the afterimage just now, Xiao Yan seems to have discovered that among the evil races outside the realm, there is another existence called the evil gods that surpass the king rank. The number of evil gods may only be the number of one hand, but their strength is far beyond that. Reincarnation, stepped into another realm.

So after the reincarnation, it is not a fighting god?

What hidden hierarchy is there?

……

However, these are not things that Xiao Yan should consider now. Maybe when his strength reaches that level, everything will come to light.

"Huhuhu." Breathing heavily, watching the countless evil energy around him dissipate, Xiao Yan also sat down, not thinking about other things for the time being, and regaining his strength with peace of mind.

At the same time, in the ancient prison, without the support of the three giants, with the actions of Xun'er and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor, the evil people in the entire ancient prison, the time of a stick of incense, is the death of death, The repression of the repression was completely swept away by a few people.

"Brother Xiao Yan." After the ancient prison disaster was resolved, Xun'er rescued many of the imprisoned powerhouses by the way. Although it was only a wisp of soul, but fortunately, the number was huge, and everyone was considered to have a decent power. Not long after, Xun'er ran to the bottom of the ancient prison in a hurry.

"Hehe." Seeing the arrival of Xun'er, Xiao Yan smiled softly and stood up in an instant. The injuries in his body had already recovered.

"It's all settled?" Xiao Yan hugged Xun'er in his arms and couldn't help but **** it hard, and a strange fragrance came to his nostrils, which was quite tempting.

"Yep."

"The evil people remaining in the ancient prison have all been resolved, but here are only the soul bodies of the elders of the ancient clan. It seems that their bodies are still in the core of the ancient clan." Xun'er also said quite playfully, The silver bell-like voice is so close, it is quite pleasant to hear.

"It seems that the core of the ancient clan still has to go."

"However, Blood King Mo's king-building plan and the demon baby have been completely disintegrated by us. Another king at the core of the ancient clan, shouldn't there be any movement, right?" Xiao Yan tried to analyze.

"First integrate the army, then leave the ancient prison and go to the dozens of vassal cities of the ancient tribe to join forces with them, and the rest is to discuss countermeasures."

"I always feel that the core of the ancient clan is the final chapter of this catastrophe." After a while, Xiao Yan gave a solution.

"Okay... But this time, you have to go with me."

"Slightly, slightly." Xun'er made a face at Xiao Yan quite smartly and pleasantly, took Xiao Yan's broad palm, and walked towards the outside together, her eyes were quite satisfied and happy.

"You girl." Xiao Yan looked at Xun'er so happy and had no choice but to let her drag her out.

After the rest, there was a stone room on the second floor of the ancient prison.

This is a rather empty stone room, apparently used as a temporary meeting room. At this time, in addition to Xiao Yan, Xun'er, Gu Yuan, and the Peerless Emperor, there are dozens of colorless and transparent souls. Body, Quietly appeared here, and the atmosphere was extremely strange for a while, but the power contained in these soul bodies was not to be underestimated, and there was even a terrifying fluctuation that touched reincarnation.

"Elders, I believe you should be clear about the situation now." Seeing that no one spoke, Xun'er stood up, looked around with her beautiful eyes, and then spoke lightly. There was no weakness in her voice, but a touch of unquestionable majesty. .

The elders present are all core members of the ancient clan, and among them there is a complete powerhouse of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals. This level of powerhouses will actually be plotted against by the blood king Mo. It can be seen that their ancient clan's defense is really full of holes.

However, among the many powerhouses rescued, only the patriarch of the ancient clan and the souls who were in charge of some strategic powerhouses in the ancient clan disappeared, and they did not know where they went.

"Our elders will remember the great achievements of the saints in our hearts, but it is not easy to go to the core of the ancient clan. Our body is not yet clear, but we are worried about the time..." The souls of several of the ancient clan's prestigious elders are worried.

They still have the core of the ancient clan in their bodies. It is impossible for them to live in peace with the means of the evil clan outside the territory. What they are afraid of are those who rule the core of the ancient clan. Source, but I'm innocuous.

But if they rely on their soul state to fight against the evil, once they fall, it will be a real death.

"These old guys." Xiao Yan rubbed his head weakly when he heard the words, and immediately stood up.

"All the evil races from outside the territory below the late stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian can be handed over to me." Xiao Yan said in a rather contemptuous tone, in order to create an extremely tyrannical oppression.

"you?"

"Just relying on your mere strength in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals?" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice came out, dozens of negative voices emerged.

"Boy, do you know where this is? You have to recognize the facts."

"If it weren't for the extraordinary relationship between you and the Holy Maiden, do you think you would be qualified to be on an equal footing with us?"

"The late stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals is really too weak..." Several elders of the ancient clan couldn't help but sneered. After all, apart from Xiao Yan and Gu Yuan, the ones with the lowest strength are also in the early stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals. .

"Is it okay?" Xiao Yan didn't say more, but turned his eyes slightly to face Xun'er.

"Just don't die." Xun'er had an indifferent tone, as if she didn't care about the elder's life or death. As long as Xiao Yan gave an order, she would follow Xiao Yan back to the Endless Fire Territory without any hesitation, and would not interfere with any ancient clan. matter.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's body, a soul body that was exactly the same as the main body emerged, and immediately slapped the elder who had made a rude remark.

"Boom!" The sound was just an easy slap from the soul power. The soul body of the elder who had just made a rude remark, as if he had been fatally attacked, was shot backwards and flew out, covered in scars and quite embarrassed.

"Gulu... how is that possible?" In an instant, there was silence in the stone room, and the remaining elders who were still hostile looked at Xiao Yan in astonishment, looking shocked.

The soul power that Xiao Yan released just now, even the patriarchs of their ancient clan never possessed it!

"Xun'er is my wife If she hadn't taken the inheritance of your ancient clan, and because of that senior's agreement to help the ancient clan survive this catastrophe, I would take her back immediately."

"Don't pretend to be an ancient super race to be wrong. Back then, on the seven peaks of immortal creation, how did the other six peaks treat my wife, except for the first peak ruled by the peerless Heavenly Emperor predecessors?"

"Don't you know?"

"If it wasn't for my husband and wife trying to kill the Blood King Mo before, I'm afraid you old fellows would have completely turned into the nourishment of the alien race."

"There's no room for you to come here to bargain for me."

"If you are willing, take Xun'er as the new patriarch, and my husband and wife will spare no effort to help the ancients get through the difficulties. If you don't agree, we will leave immediately."

"Whoever wants to clean up this kind of mess can clean it up." Xiao Yan roared in a series of roars, obviously extremely angry, and dragged Xun'er out without looking back.

"Sir Xiao Yan, don't get angry, we agree." After a few minutes, with the elder of the ancient clan taking the lead, the core members also nodded slowly.

Up to now, only by relying on Xiao Yan and Xun'er's holy flames can they hope to solve the disaster of the ancient clan. If they leave, the ancient clan will probably never be saved.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: