Chapter Vol 4 2052: 7 Star Dou Xian is complete!

"Boom!" In an instant, in the entire valley, bursts of suffocating and terrifying power swept out from Xiao Yan's body, and finally, under Xiao Yan's deadly stalemate, the tempering was completed with a thud.

"Brother Xiao Yan... who are you?" Seeing the aftermath of an explosion appearing all over Xiao Yan's body, Xun'er hurriedly got up, the hot golden crow-shaped flame possessed her body, and went towards Xiao Yan's place. The fog was expelled away, and after taking a good breath, he looked at Xiao Yan, who was not a human being, a dragon or a dragon, and couldn't help but smile.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering as he looked at Xun'er's strange expression that forced him not to laugh.

I have just clearly tempered the body with the power in the Dragon Origin Crystal. Whether it is the body, limbs, or even the soul, I have received a new baptism. More importantly, the fourth transformation of the Dragon God has been in the explosion just now. Among them, the practice was successful.

"This is the fourth transformation of the Dragon God Transformation?"

"Half-dragon transformation?" Xun'er waved his hand, and a space mirror appeared in front of Xiao Yan, perfectly reflecting Xiao Yan's current body condition in Xiao Yan's line of sight, Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised.

"This is..." Xiao Yan raised his head and looked at the mirror. He looked at his body through the realm. Above the body, the boundary between the eyebrows was separated from the left and right. From top to bottom, the body was perfectly divided. The left arm, the left body between the eyebrows, suddenly protected layers of thick dragon scales. Whether it was the skin or the cyan dragon scales, there was an invisibly terrifying sense of power.

This cyan dragon scale is naturally the scale of the tyrant. With the blood of the orthodox dragon family, Xiao Yan also transformed the scale of the tyrant into his own half. Although it cannot be compared with the real tyrant, with the current With this half-dragon-like body, even some powerhouses who have just entered the eight-star Dou Xian early stage cannot cause any damage to Xiao Yan through the dragon scales!

This is one of the benefits of half-dragonization, a huge increase in defense.

A series of bodies such as the left arm, left foot, etc., all turned into dragons. The physical quality and strength are far from being comparable to the original. However, taking the corner between the eyebrows as the boundary, Xiao Yan's right side is human-like, and the strength is exactly the same as before.

"Xun'er, try to attack me with all your strength." Although this appearance is extremely ugly and even awkward, Xiao Yan can feel the huge improvement brought by the fourth transformation of the Dragon God and the half-dragon transformation, even if it is only a mere Only half-dragon transformation is a great help to Xiao Yan today!

No matter the strength, the tyrannical degree of the body, or even the strength, it is more than several times more tyrannical than the third transformation of the Dragon God Transformation!

"Ancient mirror!" Xun'er nodded sweetly, a golden flame flickered in her beautiful eyes, and suddenly a golden prism wrapped in golden flame suddenly appeared. Xiao Yan blasted away, and there were waves of terrifying energy ripples along the way.

"Clang!" Xiao Yan didn't use any vindictive energy, his half-dragon transformed left arm suddenly lifted up, the cyan scales covered his fist, and blasted out against the golden prism. In an instant, the void trembled. Xiao Yan's prism was directly shattered by Xiao Yan's punch. On the other hand, Xiao Yan was not injured. Even on the dragon fist covered by the scales of Tyrant, a monstrous fighting intent emerged!

"Brother Xiao Yan is really..." Seeing this scene, Xun'er couldn't help but curled her lips and said, although she didn't use all her strength in the attack just now, but with her strength in the middle stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortals, even a simple blow would be enough. It is definitely not something that an ordinary seven-star powerhouse can intercept.

"Go all out, I want to see where the limit of my half-dragon transformation is." Xiao Yan waved his fists a few times. After familiarizing himself with the changes in his body and the extremely terrifying power after half-dragon transformation, he faced the Xun'er said.

"Oh..." Xun'er heard the words and was relieved. Immediately, her breath slowly changed, and suddenly she changed from a cute and cute girl to a divine fairy in the sky, and all the terrifying and proud flames emerged. out!

"Golden Crow Shines the Sun!" Looking at the terrifying dragon scales on Xiao Yan's body, Xun'er also had no worries, urging the holy flame crystals in the body, the terrifying holy flame fire and the pure fighting spirit in the body slowly poured out. In an instant, a golden golden crow with a size of several tens of meters condensed in this valley.

"Hoohoho!" The golden golden crow had just emerged, and a fierce oppression made Xiao Yan feel like a great enemy, but Xiao Yan had no fear, because he clearly noticed that it seemed that Xun'er's attack of this level had caused his body to be damaged. 's blood boiled!

Those blood are definitely not the blood of the descendants of the Xiao clan, but they possess a trace of dragon energy after cultivating the Dragon God Transformation!

Dragon Qi, this is a kind of ethereal thing, which is preserved due to Xiao Yan absorbing dragon blood. It is more like a symbol of dragon clan status. It is proud and roaring. It seems that because of the strong enemy, it is preserved in Xiao The dragon spirit in Yan's body was completely ignited, and a majestic and monstrous battle was as magnificent as the vast universe.

"Brother Xiao Yan has to be careful, this is the power of the source of the holy flame, the power of the Golden Crow, even the real Eight Star Fighting Immortal late stage will not give in too much."

"Go!" Xun'er reminded softly, a drop of golden liquid flickered in her slender hand, and immediately waved towards Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" The void shattered, and countless flames followed, and the golden crow, Yan Ting, descended like a strong man who had been in a high position for a long time. The endless divine aura suppressed everything.

"It's good to come!"

"Half-dragon transformation!"

"The Scales of Domination!" Seeing such a terrifying attack, Xiao Yan's body's fire-type fighting core squirmled, the Dragon God became violently moving, and a frantic roar emerged.

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, immediately above Xiao Yan's body, the left half of his body was instantly covered by cyan scales, and a thick force emerged even a magnificent and boundless tyrant The shadow of the soul is looming behind him!

"Dong, dong, dong!" The speed skyrocketed, and the whole world was eclipsed by a punch, but the two attacks in the valley were slowly annihilated.

Xiao Yan and the Golden Golden Crow trembled violently, and involuntarily retreated, after breathing, Xiao Yan spurted out a mouthful of blood, and the Golden Golden Crow was completely shattered.

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Seeing Xiao Yan's situation, Xun'er lost her sense of restraint and rushed to Xiao Yan's side with a single stride, supporting Xiao Yan with an apologetic expression on her face.

Xun'er and Xiao Yan had no guesses, she was naturally aware of Xiao Yan's pride, so she kept suppressing her strength, but she undoubtedly blamed herself for what she had just done.

"Hey, it's okay, I have to thank you girl." Seeing this, Xiao Yan laughed loudly and crashed into the gentle village.

"What... actually took the opportunity to break through the Seven Star Fighting Immortal Consummation."

"Brother Xiao Yan, you are cheating!!!" A sweet and light voice sounded slowly, but more than that, it was a touch of relief.

Seven Star Fighting Immortal Perfection level, plus a pharmacist at the pinnacle level of Immortal Rank 6, although this is not the exact strength of Xiao Yan, but if any of these two identities are taken out, I am afraid it is enough to overwhelm. Heroes.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: