Chapter Vol 4 2022: The art of the evil and charming scholar!

"It won't...is that serious?" There was silence in the huge conference room for a while, and after a while, Xiao Yan looked at Gu Yang and the two with extremely solemn eyes and asked.

If it is true as the two said, I am afraid that this ancient catastrophe will still be a huge problem.

If there is no strong man in these cities to take action, I am afraid that their odds of winning are less than 10%, or even lower.

"If the patriarch and the elders have a solution, we old bones will be willing even if they die in battle, but if there is no solution, for the faith of these vassal races behind the ancients and their lives, I am afraid we will all fight this time. I can't participate... and please forgive us for our last resort." Gu Yang, Gu Qingkong and the representatives of several other cities shook their heads at the same time, and said quite guiltily.

Saying such things is a last resort. It’s not that they are greedy for life and fear of death. It’s just that this kind of death is not clear, and it’s even more embarrassing, and there are millions of huge vassal people behind them. In the background, it is impossible for them to fight for the core of the ancient clan.

"Damn it..." Peerless Heavenly Emperor heard the words, his eyes were very solemn, this kind of thing was unheard of, and there was nothing to do for a while.

"Can there be any strange changes in the ancient world?" Xiao Yan also knew that the overall situation had been decided, and immediately did not continue to struggle with this issue.

Now that the war is imminent, there is no time to go to find the antidote and the solution, and we can only rely on their army of strong souls.

"En?" Seeing Xiao Yan's questioning, the hearts of many strong people in the entire conference room were tense, and they couldn't think of why Xiao Yan would ask such a question.

"Speaking of which, when we went to investigate the tiny holes, we found a lot of evil powers of the alien races on the ground and in the void of the ancient world, and there seemed to be extremely complicated patterns between them... It seems that the whole This is the case in the ancient world." Gu Qingkong nodded.

"Well, then it's all right." Xiao Yan heard that, in order to prevent these guys from discovering his concerns, he could only smile slightly. Combining with the traces of evil power he found on the grass with Xun'er just now, only Xiao Yan knew in his heart. I am afraid that this ancient world has been completely blocked by that king.

"..." Seeing this, the others also looked at each other in dismay. There was no solution, so they had no choice but to remain in a stalemate. I'm afraid this final battle would be the most dangerous.

On the other side, the core of the ancient world's sky is covered by a gray evil fog.

This is the core place where the ancient people live, the ancient city of the sky.

The ancient world is the base of the entire ancient clan, and the ancient world is divided into two parts: the ground and the sky. The ground is a city where millions of vassal races live. As for the sky, there is a magnificent building called the ancient city of the sky. This is the core place where the core members of the ancient clan lived and practiced daily and dealt with the affairs of the ancient world.

Wrapped in a gray and evil mist, the interior cannot be seen from the outside at all. At this time, the ancient city of the sky has turned into an evil place, which is extremely gloomy, and its danger is no less than the original Senluo Hell in the ancient prison.

"Woo la la!" A stench of stench came from the nostrils, and the entire sky city was now filled with a rather oppressive blood red.

The city of the sky is very large, occupying a thousand miles of void. There are many silver buildings, fighting skills pavilions, martial arts training grounds, conference rooms and so on. There is a day of milky white stone steps in the center, which connects to the top of the city in the sky. , there is a huge mansion where the patriarchs of the past dynasties lived.

"Master... Blood King Mo and others have already failed." In a quiet garden at the top of the Sky City, at a pavilion, two men appeared here, and one of them said in a low voice.

"Gu Yuan, what do you think I'm doing with this painting?" Seeing the man in front of him speak out, the figure sitting in the pavilion painting stretched out the scroll on the desk and laughed.

"The sea of ​​blood that shakes the sky is a masterpiece." Gu Yuan said with a smile.

"Blood King Mo, it's okay to fall, but an Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is successful. This is also a great loss for our entire army."

"Gu Yuan, you know the ancient clan the most, what do you think you should do now?" The painting man got up, his eyes trembled, and a breath as deep as the sea swept out.

"Master, although the ancient prison has been liberated, the bodies of those elders are controlled by us, which can greatly contain their soul bodies, and we have already controlled all the powerhouses in the entire ancient clan, as long as you give an order Next, this place will evolve into our home."

"Even your evil tools have been spread across the ground and the void of the ancient world according to your instructions." Gu Yuan said with an evil face, his voice extremely evil.

"You are right."

"But in this case, those guys won't have any room for resistance, and the whole thing will become meaningless." Xie Mei Scholar said with a slight smile, with a rare madness in his voice.

"What do you mean, Master?" Gu Yuan was puzzled and could only ask.

"I'm just a scholar. I'm not murderous like the Blood King Mo. I'm a literati and a writer. I love killing people without a trace."

"Because that is an art that is above all things."

"There is no art at all in a game that must be won. Prepare. Since the evil tools have been brewed, I will give them a chance. As for whether they can seize this last chance, it depends on them." The evil spirit scholar spoke coldly, and the chessboard hidden under the picture scroll trembled slightly.

"But Master, if we fail, I'm afraid we won't be able to communicate with the several evil gods. Our purpose is the Holy See and the seven ancient clans..." Gu Yuan looked like a staff officer, worried.

"Art can't be desecrated, I don't care about them... After all, I finally got a great opportunity to see perfect art." The evil scholar said with a trembling smile.

"Yes, Master." Gu Yuan heard the words without hesitation, turned around and walked towards the city of the sky, mobilized the army, and prepared to listen to the instructions of the evil scholar.

For decades, Gu Yuan and others have been completely controlled by the evil spirit scholar, and now I am afraid that only the last trace of the source is left to resist, if there is no timely treatment for some time, even if the angel comes, to no avail.

At that time, the core elders of these ancient clans will all be wiped out, and they will all turn into real foreign evil clans.

However, this so-called evil and charming scholar is different from any previous king of evil tribes from outside the realm. For him, Qin, chess, calligraphy and painting are the means he is quite proficient in, and what he pursues in his life is the highest art of killing the invisible. For him, carnage-like situations are nothing compared to perfect art...

Art is death, but how to die is the most perfect art. In order to see and pursue this kind of perfect art, even if he devotes his life, he will do it!

For a time, at the core of the entire ancient clan, a strong man like a corpse was ready to go. Their strength was extremely tyrannical, and there were dozens of eight-star fighting immortals. In addition, Gu Yuan, who vaguely touched the reincarnation, this In the first battle, if it was a head-on battle, I am afraid that Xiao Yan and the others would not have any chance. Unfortunately, the supreme art pursued by the evil and charming scholars has ruined this win-win situation in vain. seed.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: