Chapter Vol 4 1956: Su Xueying's psychological changes!

"Weng Om!" Two incompatible forces slowly and completely transformed this place into a real ice and fire purgatory. The power contained in it is truly suffocating, and this power only lingers around the medicine garden and the In the medicine pool, it seems that there is a special enchantment here that isolates the power, so that other figures cannot detect it.

"Listen to my explanation!"

"It's all a misunderstanding!" Xiao Yan's face sank, looking at the aggressive attack in front of him, his color changed slightly.

Now the power in the body has been slowly recovered. Although the speed is slow, as long as there is enough time, the influence of the power of belief will be completely dissipated. However, even Xiao Yan did not dare to underestimate the attack of this woman, not to mention Now Xiao Yan's internal strength is quite strange, this kind of attack cannot be fatal, but the pain caused is certain.

"Wan Hanyan Sword!" Su Xueying doesn't care about Xiao Yan, anyway, she has decided to take over Xiao Yan to protect "that thing". After adding Xiao Yan, she tried to belittle herself twice, when she thought of her body being exposed without reservation. Under the perception of Xiao Yan's soul, the extreme anger and shame that had been suppressed were vented out like a flaming flame.

"Weng Om!" As soon as the voice fell, a cyan sword qi suddenly shot out from his delicate body, and immediately formed a cyan flame sword at the wrist.

The cyan flame sword and its body matched Su Xueying's body, and the size ratio was just right. At the outermost edge of the cyan flame sword, layers of cold energy swept out, and inside the cold layer, there was an extremely hot cyan lava. Liquid, the sword ray flickered at the blade, and it was extremely sharp.

"Xiao Yan, you shouldn't have come here." Looking at Xiao Yan who was constantly being forced by her own holy flame to retreat, Su Xueying suddenly raised her arm, and the cyan flame sword pointed heavily towards Xiao Yan's place. But the voice did not seem to be killing intent, but rather a very solemn warning.

"Is this girl... crazy?" Seeing Su Xueying's posture, Xiao Yan couldn't bear it anymore. If it wasn't for the influence of Xu Shao's belief in his own body, I'm afraid it would be because of this girl's domineering attitude and arrogance. Yan Hui directly did her here!

Of course, it was the kind of management that asked Xiao Clan's secrets after the pressure was suppressed, and there was no other meaning.

"Since you are not benevolent, don't blame me for being unjust." After a while, seeing Su Xueying, who had no less vigour, Xiao Yan murmured coldly, and immediately resisted the invasion of Youqing Wanhanyan with only his soul power and his body. , above the suspension medicine pool, his complexion was ashen, his teeth just clenched, and he walked towards it step by step.

At the moment of walking, the soul power on Xiao Yan's body gradually dimmed, and after he breathed, it was secretly withdrawn by Xiao Yan, and the soul defense on his body became faintly unsupported for a while.

"Although you have done me two frivolous things, but because you have the blood of the Xiao family, I will not kill you."

"Go back to the place where you should go." The jade hand held the blue flame sword, the tip of the sword pointed at Xiao Yan's chest, Su Xueying said arrogantly, but there was a trace of worry in her voice.

Not killing him is already the biggest step back that he can make. If he blatantly asks about some guardian things, Su Xueying will not hesitate to kill it... After all, the latter has seen before, and the strength is still Emperor Dou Level, but now the fighting qi is lost in the body, and he is not even qualified to cultivate. Such a person is obviously not qualified to know anything about the Xiao family.

"Hmph...Su Xueying, don't you think I, Xiao Yan, is a person who is greedy for life and fear of death?" Su Xueying's face became solemn, and he said each word with a sonorous voice, his voice shook like the sound of thunder. Su Xueying, not to mention her own reasons, it seems that the disappearance of the ancient Xiao clan really gave the guardian a very disgusting emotion.

But what's the reason?

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's whole body's defense composed of soul power was instantly shattered. At the same time, countless terrifying Youqing Wan Hanyan did not hesitate, and fell on Xiao Yan's skin like raindrops. At the moment when a drop fell, Xiao Yan's face twitched violently, and his skin also became red, obviously it was extremely terrifying to be burned by it.

Of course, in fact, this kind of flame will definitely not have such a significant effect on Xiao Yan today. As for why Xiao Yan is like this, I am afraid he knows it himself, but the fleeting smile in his heart also seems to explain what.

Although Su Xueying is pregnant with two holy flames, her beauty is excellent, and she is even gifted, but compared with Xiao Yan, she is still a little far behind. After all, this guy has experienced a lot and understands more than Su Xueying. count……

"The one-hundred-year appointment is just a joke. Today, you are not only underestimating me, but also have no vindictive energy in your body. You have lost your qualifications for cultivation. I did this to save you, to keep you from the Xiao clan. The last bit of dignity in blood."

"Don't you know!" Su Xueying gritted her teeth, and the cyan flame sword stopped when it was close to Xiao Yan's chest, and there was obviously more anger in her voice.

"This time, I'm here to make an appointment."

"You promised me to reach Dou Xian within a hundred years, so you can tell me these things, and now I have achieved..." Xiao Yan's expression did not change, he was still talking to himself, and his body was still covered with countless flames. The attack turned red, and he walked towards the sharp edge of the cyan flame sword step by step.

"I will send you to a different dimension where you can live the rest of your life..."

"You don't have any grudge in your body. You are just lucky and protected by a little soul power."

"Also, when I sent you into a different dimension, don't say that you are a descendant of the Xiao clan. Although I have a deep resentment towards Xiao Yan, the merits and demerits are worth it. They are still the true overlords of the Great Thousand World, no You can be compared to a common man like you." Su Xueying shook her head slowly, a hint of helplessness appeared in her long eyelashes.

"Pfft!" Before Su Xueying finished speaking, Xiao Yan suddenly grabbed the azure flame sword with both hands and grabbed it tightly. Suddenly, the surrounding cold flames trembled rapidly.

"Su Xueying... I'm here this time, not just on behalf of myself."

"It represents the entire Xiao family!"

"If there is anything wrong with our Xiao family that is sorry for your guardians, let me pay it back Xiao Yan's face was pale, and he opened his mouth with difficulty.

"No need..." Seeing this, Su Xueying refused directly, but she was still shocked by Xiao Yan's actions.

"Puchi puchi!" As soon as Su Xueying finished speaking, Xiao Yan suddenly pushed hard with both hands, directly thrusting the cyan flame sword into his body, his body suddenly tense, and a sense of weakness came out of his body.

"Xiao Yan!"

"What are you doing!" At this moment, Su Xueying was completely panicked, she never thought that Xiao Yan would act like this.

"I know this is not enough...but please give us a chance...because my ancestors and you will always be friends, I don't want to because of some misunderstanding...let us fight each other."

"Tick tock!" Xiao Yan's face was pale, and he said with great difficulty. After speaking, a conspicuous blood hole appeared on the palm of his hand and on his chest, which was quite scary. He passed out in a coma within a few minutes. The fleeting smile and the rapidly recovering power in his body seemed to be intentional by Xiao Yan.

"It is said that the Xiao clan is ruthless, sinister and evil, and in the end he abandoned us for the sake of profit, but the way he looks now, he is willing to die at the price, and the result is just to prove the Xiao clan..."

"For...why?"

"Mother, he is completely different from the Xiao family you mentioned... why is this?" At this moment, Su Xueying's heart was in a turmoil, a trace of redness flashed in her beautiful eyes, the blue flame sword fell directly, and her body was slightly melancholy. Trembling, he directly hugged Xiao Yan with his slender body, conveying a trace of pure vindictiveness to him, tightly just to help Xiao Yan continue his life.

Su Xueying was a little younger than Xiao Yan. As for why she resented the Xiao clan so much, it probably had something to do with her mother-in-law.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: