Chapter 539: Serpent's servant!

"Hey, little brother Xiao Yan, although your conditions are very attractive, I still have my work to do, I promise you, but I can't do it... And you should know that an eight-star Doudi perfect powerhouse is worth a lot of money. "..." Although Snake Punishment was heartbroken, the next moment his mind moved, and he said vaguely.

"It is precisely because I know the value of the eight-star Dou Di that is a complete powerhouse that I offer this sky-high price. Otherwise, I would not have offered this item." Xiao Yan smiled slowly. Can hide Xiao Yan.

This snake punishment is nothing more than wanting to extort more money from Xiao Yan, that's why he said that.

The Eight-Star Dou Emperor Perfectionist is powerful, but this Moxie Pill should not be underestimated!

It is fully ranked among the second-rank Xuandan of the emperor!

This is the real magic elixir, even with Xiao Yan's current strength, it can't be refined, but fortunately, he used his huge soul power to fool this snake torture.

"Ah, little brother, your business is really tempting, but..." Snake punishment still said unwillingly.

Snake Xing certainly knew the value of this Moxie Pill, but for Xiao Yan, the forces behind Xiao Yan who could have so many secrets at such a young age must be extremely powerful!

So what Snake Xing thought was that it would be a stroke to be able to strike a single stroke now. After all, after leaving this desert mountain range, he should never meet again.

"If that's the case, then forget it." Seeing that the snake torture was still unrelenting, Xiao Yan said directly and decisively, without any hesitation.

"Ahaha, little brother, don't be so stubborn, let's sit down and talk about what's going on." Seeing Xiao Yan, Snake Xing immediately gave up, and immediately kept him.

"Then, old gentleman, do you agree or not?" Xiao Yan saw that the psychological warfare had an effect, and immediately opened his mouth.

"I promise you." Snake Punishment did not hesitate. After all, although he had just recovered the power of the three-headed water spirit snake, his body was eroded by the blood demon into the limbs and bones, and there was also some damage, so This elixir to heal one's own injuries is essential!

"That's right."

"I wish us a happy transaction." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he slowly said to the three-headed water spirit snake under his feet.

"Sometimes I really envy you pharmacists. The magic pills can make countless powerful people serve them one after another..." Snake said sadly.

"It's 400 meters away." Just after Xiao Yan and the snake torture deal were concluded, the big watery eyes of the snake spirit on the side suddenly flashed a lot of strange light.

"The pressure is getting more and more." Xiao Yan heard the words, but did not pay attention to the three water snakes, but the huge soul power covered himself, and then looked around vigilantly.

"Five hundred meters!" After a few short breaths of strength, the snake spirit suddenly spoke, and a vigilance appeared on her pretty face.

"In order to prevent the grass and the snake, I can only come here!"

"If there is any accident, just shout three times, and I'll go down immediately!" The body of the three-headed water spirit snake stopped suddenly, and then said to Xiao Yan slightly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan responded softly, and then jumped directly from the body of the three-headed water spirit snake with the snake spirit!

Just after leaving the protection of the three-headed water spirit snake, Xiao Yan only felt that the pressure on his body increased greatly. This feeling is no less than a thousand jins of boulders pressing on his body!

"Where are you going?" Xiao Yan said bitterly.

"Here." The snake spirit held the snake jade woman in the palm of the hand, but as it went deeper and deeper into the bottom of the lake, a strange feeling appeared. It felt like this snake jade was the owner of the place, and the surrounding The water is cheering the owner's return to normal!

"Strange, why is the token of the Tianmuyu clan flickering here... and this fluctuation seems to..." The next moment, Xiao Yan's huge soul force formed a circle of defense around him, and then suddenly found the Tianmuyu in his hand. sound token!

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, the water at a depth of 550 meters suddenly violently squirmed, and then a huge tentacle shot directly at Xiao Yan!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan cursed loudly, then turned around and easily dodged the attack, but Xiao Yan was very shocked in his heart!

Because it was in the water at this time, even if there were many means of strange fire and soul power, it still limited Xiao Yan's strength. After all, Xiao Yan was a veritable fire attribute, and his strength in water was greatly reduced, and these five hundred and fifty The pressure Mi put on Xiao Yan was no less than that of sleeping for thousands of meters in other places!

"What is this?" Xiao Yan came back to his senses, and then his soul power spread out.

"How is it possible that I can't perceive..." Xiao Yan murmured.

The tentacle that attacked him just now was clearly a creature!

Moreover, Xiao Yan also vaguely discovered the creature just now, but he didn't discover it at this time.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Retreat!" A cold snort came out of the snake spirit's mouth, and then Xiao Yan saw that the snake spirit was flashing a very strange light at this time. In this light, there was an aura that was completely different from the previous one. Diffuse in an instant.

"Boom boom boom!"

"Master, you're back." A respectful voice slowly appeared, followed by the mysterious creature that was trying to attack Xiao Yan.

What caught Xiao Yan's eyes was an octopus with a size of several tens of meters!

The octopus has eight tentacles in total, and the octopus is surrounded on the left and right. The octopus' pupils and body glow with a strange light, which makes Xiao Yan feel a little strange.

"Well, I'm back."

"Take us down." The snake spirit ordered.

"No, Master, it's too dangerous." The octopus's voice was full of fear!

"Don't worry, he is the friend I invited, and I believe he will be able to do it." After the snake spirit finished speaking, he gently came to the octopus monster, leaned over and said a few words beside its earAlthough Xiao Yan can also use the Soul Power Zone to steal the conversation between the two of them, Xiao Yan has not been shameless to this step, and immediately he is vigilant around him, and then quietly looks at the octopus monster and snake spirit in front of him.

I don't know why, Xiao Yan always felt that the life experience of the snake, jade and snake spirit was not simple, maybe it had something to do with the strong man's mansion in this desert mountain range.

"Is it really impossible to take that thing?" The snake spirit was attached to the octopus monster and whispered.

"Master, no, that thing can't be taken away by force even if it is shot by a snake."

"But if you use some of its power to revive the snake jade, it shouldn't be difficult." The octopus monster looked thoughtful.

"Okay, it's not too late, let's take us down." The snake spirit was overjoyed when she heard the words.

The reason why Snake Jade is awakened is because of some little secrets in Snake Spirit's heart. After all, Snake Spirit still doesn't know much about many things. Only when Snake Jade is awakened, Snake Spirit may be able to understand some secrets.

"This human kid in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di... shouldn't be able to get in below." The octopus monster hesitated for a while, then looked at Xiao Yan strangely.

How could this kid be the master's friend?

What a joke!

The master is a seven-star fighting emperor, how could he be friends with this little five-star fighting emperor?

"Alas..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan seemed to understand the octopus monster's concerns. After all, the further down the lake, the greater the pressure and danger.

Ask for tickets!