Chapter Vol 2 822: Robbery!

"It's not bad, you can go in." Seeing the temperature of the two springs of life and death muttering, some springs with the power of life and death emerged, Xiao Yan knew that the two springs had an effect, and then Xiao Yan said to the crowd.

"Let's go." When everyone heard the words, they opened their mouths slightly, but their eyes were full of expectations. If this Life and Death Eryiquan really helped them improve the rank of the power of life, then the benefits to them would be indescribable.

After all, once the rank of the power of life is increased, whether it is fighting or the power of death in the future, it will be greatly improved, and it can be said that it can kill three birds with one stone.

"How sure are you of the power of birth, why don't I go with you?"

"I also have Holy Flame, and I can still..." Walking to the spring, Mu Yingying said.

"You, go down well and improve your vitality."

"Your strength of life is now at the eighth-rank level, maybe it can be raised to the ninth-rank."

"As for my words, don't worry, trust me." Xiao Yan said with a smile, but the confidence in his voice did not make Mu Yingying worry.

"Ninth-rank is not so easy to step into." Leng Fuyao whispered, her life force is sixth-rank, and naturally she dare not compare with these guys.

After all, Xiu Qi was an eighth-rank stamina, Yueru, Qinxin, and Mu Feng were all seventh-rank.

"Everyone, let's go in." After the explanation, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, each found a quiet place, and immediately began to practice.

This Spring of Life and Death is very large, and it is more than enough to accommodate so many people.

"Tsk tsk tsk." As if Xiao Yan had just entered the spring, he suddenly felt a stinging pain in his heart.

But this time, Xiao Yan was not wrapping his body with the power of flames, but just wrapped his forehead. After all, the current spring water in the two springs of life and death contains the power of life and death, and the body absorbs it. The more, the better for promotion, so Xiao Yan would not be so stupid as to isolate these powers.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"According to the hated old monster, you must first absorb some of the power of life and death in the two Yiquan of life and death, and then you can use the feeling in the dark to lead the life of the six-star fighting emperor. I hope it can be successful." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved slightly, and then he didn't say any more, and his figure was the lowest in the spring!

The mouth of the spring is not necessarily the place where the power of life and death is most concentrated, but the bottom of the spring is definitely.

As soon as he entered the bottom of the spring, Xiao Yan found that several other people had already come here, closed their eyes and started to cultivate. Obviously, everyone knew that the bottom of the spring was the best for absorbing the power of life and death.

"Then let's start." Seeing that there was no special situation, Xiao Yan also began to absorb it.

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as he began to absorb it, a wave of death permeated Xiao Yan's body, and this wave was a force of death.

"I don't have the power of life in my body right now. If I absorb this power of death, I'm afraid I will explode and die."

"so……"

"Get out of here!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly.

Although the current Xiao Yan also wants to absorb the power of death, he does not even have the power of life in his body.

"It seems that the power of life and death in this two yiquan of life and death, I can only absorb the power of life."

"Forget the power of death." Xiao Yan shook his head, but seeing that the other people were all absorbed by the power of life and death, he immediately felt helpless.

"The power of life is the power of life. The road still has to be taken step by step." Although Xiao Yan envied the power of life and death absorbed by the other people, when he entered the Nine Star Dou Emperor in the future, I am afraid it will be extremely easy, but Xiao Yan also knows In my own situation, I simply cut off the power of the soul, instead of sensing the other people, I concentrated on absorbing the power of Qi.

"Huhu." With Xiao Yan so concentrated, that life force was continuously absorbed by Xiao Yan into his body.

"one day."

"Two days."

"Ten days have passed in a blink of an eye."

"Why hasn't Xiao Yan come out yet?" Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, her voice full of urgency.

In ten days, several of them all withdrew from the Spring of Life and Death because of their body saturation. However, the life force in Mu Yingying's body was still at the eighth rank. Different from the sky and the underground, it can be said unceremoniously that Mu Yingying's concentration of life force at this time has already reached the peak of eight stars, and she can enter the ninth rank in one step, but for the ninth rank, even It was Mu Yingying who wasn't sure.

"But this is enough. With the strength of life force, I am afraid that now the six-star Dou Emperor's complete powerhouse can easily fight, and even the seven-star Dou Emperor early stage powerhouse can also fight." Mu Yingying is satisfied. 's smile.

As for Xiuqi, like Mu Yingying, she has stepped into the peak of the eighth rank, and the ninth rank is too difficult.

Qinxin, Mu Feng, and Yueru are still at the seventh rank, but they have also stepped into the peak of the seven stars. The only one whose strength of life has improved is Leng Fuyao. Leng Fuyao's strength of life has been raised from the sixth to the seventh star , Although this improvement is not terrifying, it also confirms that this life-and-death Eryiquan does have a mysterious effect of helping people improve the power of life.

"Xiao Yan's words are a bit special. I'm afraid that he should be trying to find a way to lead the Six-Star Dou Emperor's life."

"Because only after the calamity is successful, the power of birth will be born in the body."

"However, it's strange to say that this Xiao Yan is so powerful, how could he not have the strength to live?" Xiu Qi asked in doubt.

"It should be when I went out to practice before, Xiao Yan's strength jumped directly from a five-star Dou Emperor to a six-star Dou Emperor because of the matter of Sheng Yan Therefore, the six-star Dou Emperor's calamity was naturally covered up." Mu Yingying thought about it and said casually, after all, there are no outsiders here.

"What else?" Xiu Qi felt a little sympathetic to Xiao Yan when she heard the words.

"The spring water has begun to fluctuate violently. It should be Xiao Yan who is about to succeed." Leng Fuyao was actually staring at the surface of the water while everyone was talking. She was also looking forward to Xiao Yan's success.

Moreover, Leng Fuyao always seemed to feel that if Xiao Yan succeeded in bringing out the calamity this time, I am afraid that his rank would definitely not be low!

"This is……"

"What a rich energy of life." Xiu Qi's eyesight was extraordinary, and he recognized at a glance how rich the energy of life was.

"Although the power of life is strong, how can it seem to me that it is in the spring of life and death?"

"And I don't know if you've noticed that this life force doesn't contain any trace of death force. It's a very clean life force." Qin Xin said.

"What the **** does this guy want to do?" Yue Ru opened her eyes at this time, obviously not knowing what Xiao Yan wanted to do.

"Hehe, in ten days, the energy of life is extremely strong. I hope you won't let me down this time."

"Six-star Dou Di Sheng Jie, come out." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his pupils suddenly opened, his attacking eyes staring at the top of the Life and Death Eryi Spring.

Where, there seems to be a trace of something hidden on the spot, and that thing is what the hated old monster said at the beginning, Xiao Yan, the six-star fighting emperor who covered up the past because of swallowing the holy flame!