Chapter Vol 4 1486: Expel the young Dan Lingzhi!

"Crash!" Qian Ying took Xiao Yan and the children, and instantly turned into a thunder beam, and within a breath of time, they completely disappeared in the Pill Hall.

"Ahhh!"

"Xiao Yan chopped offal!"

"Douqifei!"

"You are bad for me. Next time we meet again, I will definitely make you experience all kinds of torture." A trace of anger appeared on the pale cheeks of the living dead, and in an instant, Xiao Yan's purgatory formation was easily cracked.

Without the support of Xiao Yan's power, the purgatory formation could be easily cracked by him.

"Since the young pill has disappeared, then this place is also useless, destroy it." The majestic killing intent emerged, and the living dead immediately put away the long hundred puppets, and the bright palms with dark ghosts slammed on the disc. go.

"Boom!" Attacked by the tyrannical power of the living dead, countless mysterious runes like ants on the disk suddenly brightened, with a creepy Xeon aura emerging.

"Pfft!" And the dazzling ghost energy of the living dead came to the edge of the stone seat on the disc, and it was directly swallowed by it!

"Not good!" Feeling a little uneasiness, the living dead didn't dare to stay in Dudu, and just jumped away and disappeared here.

At the same time, the countless runes on this disk slowly dimmed.

On the other side, Du Qifei burst out with dazzling strength, and left the Pill Hall with the children and Xiao Yan.

The three left the Pill Hall and immediately came to a virgin forest. The virgin forest was quite huge and stretched as far as the eye could see, but at the end of the virgin forest was the tomb of the Heavenly Kings.

"Stop for me!" The three of them had just come to a remote corner of the primeval forest, and Xiao Yan suddenly shouted, his voice full of seriousness.

"Oh..." Hearing this, Duo Qifei put Xiao Yan and the children down in an instant, then landed next to a stream, and said coldly.

"Where does your power come from?" Xiao Yan looked at Duan Qifei's dazzling strength and couldn't help but said with anger.

Duo Qifei's strength was originally only at the initial stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, but now his strength has clearly reached the completeness of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, and because of his status as a reincarnator, the stronger the strength, the more thorough the reincarnation will be. After the strength reaches the peak , Completely successful reincarnation, I am afraid that this girl will also become another person, which is also what Xiao Yan does not want to see.

"I cultivated myself." When Xiao Yan asked this question, Du Qifei, like a little girl who did something wrong, lowered her head to her chest and muttered in a low voice.

"That bastard!!!" Suddenly, a furious roar like a soul beast emerged from the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Don't blame him, anyway, this thing will happen sooner or later... and if it weren't for his help, I'm afraid the situation just now is really dangerous..." At this moment, Du Qifei seemed to have no air, just afraid of doing something wrong The little girl who was criticized was average.

"That **** hastily activated the power of the reincarnation rune and tried to merge in advance. Although he did this so that your strength has skyrocketed to the level of a three-star fighting fairy, but this will make you reincarnate in advance. You didn't say that you only want to do it. A little girl who has no worries about food and clothing..."

"Next time I meet him, even if I die, I will make him look good!" Xiao Yan roared.

"People can change. I used to think that way, but now it's different. After all, such a powerful force." Duo Qifei whispered.

"you!"

"Forget it, I don't care about you." Seeing Duo Qifei's words, Xiao Yan immediately became angry and said angrily.

"I'm sorry..." Seeing Xiao Yan being so serious, Duo Qifei immediately said apologetically, but then he said in a voice that only he could hear: "I'm sorry, just let me be self-willed, after all, I am also There are people who want to protect."

Duo Qifei could feel that Xiao Yan was caring about him meticulously, so Xiao Yan's impression, the status in his heart, even vaguely surpassed his father's.

"Oh, forget it." After a while, seeing that Duo Qifei was fine, Xiao Yan also shook his head and said.

"Don't worry, at least until the reincarnation rune is completely reincarnated, I'm still me."

"And even if the reincarnation rune is completely reincarnated, I will still be me." After a while, Duan Qifei looked at Xiao Yan who was a little angry, and smiled sweetly.

"Hopefully." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, but for the reincarnation rune, even Xiao Yan did not know, after the success of reincarnation, whether it was based on the personality of this life or would undergo earth-shaking changes.

"Giggle." As the two became quiet, the children who were bound by the blood tablet and the power of Duqifei's thunder suddenly walked slowly, trying to escape from here.

"Hey, the little guy is quite cute, but you still underestimated the strength of my sister."

"There should be many seals in the Pill Palace, so you cannot leave the Pill Palace with your own strength, so you can only use us to escape the Pill Palace."

"However, the power of thunder in my hand is not extraordinary, so your good strategy is also miscalculated." Suddenly, Duo Qifei slowly came to the child's side, bent down and smiled at him, obviously the child's heart The strategy has already been seen through by Du Qifei.

"Humph!"

"If it weren't for the extremely strange thunder power on your body, I'm afraid the two of you are now my dead souls." The child snorted coldly. Obviously, this failure was enough to put him in a desperate situation.

"Xiao Yan, let's do it."

"To get rid of this guy's intelligence completely, it will truly become a fifth-grade immortal rank young pill." After a while, Du Qifei said.

"En." Looking at the smiling woman in front of him, Xiao Yan also nodded slowly, then said, and immediately walked over to the child.

"Don't worry, with your existence, I won't let the reincarnation rune reincarnate easily. After all, I want to protect you."

"And even if the reincarnation rune is completely reincarnated. I won't let 'her' dominate." Looking at Xiao Yan's body that was close to a stalwart, Du Qifei said with a smile, this Xiao Yan is undoubtedly the most important person besides his father. Take care of yourself.

"You guy is a good calculus." When he came to the child, Xiao Yan smiled, but Xiao Yan could sense that the power of thunder outside the child clearly contained reincarnation. Otherwise, with the intelligence and power of the Immortal Rank Fifth-Rank Young Pill, it would have already been broken out.

"Although my current situation is not good, but with your mediocre strength in the early stage of the Three-Star Battle of Immortals, you are trying to obliterate my intelligence, which is a fool's dream!" Facing Xiao Yan, the child smiled disdainfully.

"Really?" Xiao Yan disapproved, the khaki-colored Fire Heart Heavenly Rock lingered on the palm of his hand, and immediately covered the child's body.

"Ah ah ah!" The dazzling power of holy flame ignored it and eroded away at the child. Suddenly, this guy screamed out.

"That's not enough." Seeing that the figure of the child kept disappearing and the dazzling incense appeared, it was obvious that he was obliterating his wisdom and returning to his body, Xiao Yan suddenly spoke.

As soon as the voice fell, a dazzling flame of the sky emerged from the other palm, and then the palms suppressed the child impressively.

"Boom!" The touch lasted for about five minutes, and then the child's body completely disappeared, revealing only a lustrous elixir the size of a longan. The ultimate power continues to emerge.

This young Dan's intelligence, even if it falls, would never have thought that his own self-righteousness turned out to be digging his own grave.

"Is this the Immortal Rank 5th Grade Young Pill?" Looking at the dragon's eye-sized elixir in front of him, Xiao Yan murmured to himself.

Until now, everything is ready and only owed to Dongfeng, only to inject the medicinal material into the young pill, swallow the material of the immortal fire, and then it is completely ready.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: