Chapter Vol 4 873: Xiao Yan's madness!

"Move the ruler!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly!

At this time, the black-robed gorefiend felt an unprecedented surprise!

His attack just now was enough to kill a powerhouse at the peak of Dou Di, but how could he suddenly disappear under the attack of this kid in front of him!

You must know that even if Xiao Yan is carrying holy flames, his strength is too weak to launch such a terrifying method. Only her!

"No, there's a ghost on this guy's ruler!" It was too late, but the next moment, the black-robed Gorefiend figure jumped back in an instant, trying to avoid Xiao Yan's attack, but Xiao Yan's attack was on top of that. What contains the power of holy flame, isn't it so easy to be evaded.

"Boom boom boom!" The khaki-colored holy flame wrapped the ancient ruler of different fire, and directly hit the black-robed blood demon envoy!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Dong dong dong!" A series of harsh voices slowly came from under the black robe that wrapped the blood demon!

Seeing this, Cang Key stretched out his jade hand and snapped it with a palm!

"Pfft!" Facing the cooperation between Xiao Yan and Cang Key, the black-robed gorefiend suddenly spurted out a mouthful of black blood, and his aura was greatly reduced. Even above the black robe, there was a trace of khaki left from Xiao Yan's attack. The holy flame is still burning!

"Bastard!" The black-robed Gorefiend didn't know why his attack disappeared suddenly, but the attack of the holy flame and Cang Key on Xiao Yan's body caused him a lot of damage.

"Boom boom boom!" At the same time, on Jade Rabbit Island, the devastating attack of the black-robed blood demon emissary suddenly appeared here!

The attack from the sky directly fell on Yutu Island. By then, Yutu Island would be half of the island!

It turned into nothingness in an instant!

This is the horror of the source power of the Blood Demon Envoy possessed in Qi Haoqing's body!

However, the power of the Tiantian Ruler can suddenly divert the opponent's attack, thereby applying tyrannical means to attack. This is the unique advantage of the Tiantian Ruler.

However, Xiao Yan was not feeling well either.

Although the Heaven-shifting Ruler can indeed divert the opponent's powerful attack, Xiao Yan relied on the six-star Dou Di to consummate, and abruptly diverted the attack of the black-robed Gorefiend!

Among them, if it wasn't for Sheng Yan's restraint on the black-robed blood demon envoy, I'm afraid Xiao Yan would not be able to complete such a terrifying blow.

"Xiao Yan, help me!" Cang Yue snorted coldly, and immediately knew what Xiao Yan's fighting skills just now happened, but Cang Yue didn't have time to grieve at the Jade Rabbit Island, which had mostly disappeared.

At this time, the body with the source power of the Gorefiend was already injured. After all, he would kill it at all costs, otherwise it would cause a lot of trouble, and Fairy Moon's inheritance stone was still in the hands of the Gorefiend.

"Rock Shattered Sky Burial!" Xiao Yan's aura in his body was disturbed just now by the gore demon, but when he heard Cang Key's words, he couldn't care less, and swallowed a lot of high-level medicinal pills as if he didn't need money. , After swallowing like this, the meridians in Xiao Yan's body slowly improved!

But this time, Xiao Yan's Heavenly Burial of Shattered Rocks is stronger than any other time!

"Miscalculation..." Under the black robe, the blood demon emissary opened his mouth slightly, obviously having the means to surprise Xiao Yan and Cang Key.

If it wasn't for the fact that he only possessed a part of the original power of the Gorefiend, I am afraid that the two people in front of him would have been killed by him in an instant, but now the Gorefiend has no time to think so much.

The most urgent task now is to take away Fairy Moon's inheritance stone and save the Netherworld Twins. Other things will be discussed later.

There was an idea in his heart, and the Gorefiend also knew that if he fought Cang Yao like this, he would only suffer from it, and he immediately thought of quitting.

"I'm afraid that the trace of the blood demon's source power on this guy can't beat Cang Key." You Zun, who was hidden in the blood mist, said suddenly.

"Maybe."

"If the Blood Demon Envoy comes, Fairy Moon is also enough to match, but if this guy only has a trace of source power, although he can't beat him, he still won't be able to keep us if we leave." Ming Zun suddenly said at this moment.

"I don't know what power that **** guy has in his body."

"Just now, the power of the second group of holy flames in his hand actually absorbed most of our source power." The next moment, Ming Zun stared at Xiao Yan and said viciously.

It's strange to say that the Netherworld twins are extremely miserable at this time. If it weren't for the hiding of the blood mist, I am afraid that the two of them would disappear!

Because of Xiao Yan's attack just now, it seemed like a turbulent attack, but it took half of their source power forcibly, which is why the two suddenly feared Xiao Yan.

"A group of little dolls."

"This envoy doesn't have time to play with you today." The black-robed blood demon snorted coldly, and then circles of extremely dark blood demon energy slowly radiated from the soles of his feet.

With the release of this blood demon energy, Xiao Yan's chest was heaving violently. If Xiao Yan hadn't been suppressed by the Holy Flame, plus Cang Key and his party were busy dealing with the blood demon envoys, I'm afraid that Xiao Yan's secret would really be discovered by them. .

"The light of the bright moon!" After a short while, Cang Yue suddenly opened his eyes!

But above the pupil, a burst of extremely silver dazzling power burst out, and then, above the forehead, a silver light like thunder and lightning suddenly flickered towards the Gorefiend!

That shreds of silver power, like a ray of dawn in the dark night, illuminates the entire hall!

"Good guy, it's actually the light of the bright moon." Seeing this, the Demon Whale couldn't help but say.

"The light of the bright moon?"

"What is that?" When Yueru saw this, she clearly felt a very familiar power from the beam of light bursting out from Cang Key, and that power seemed to have the smell of a moon fairy.

"The light of the bright moon, that is the famous fighting skill of Fairy Moon."

"A terrifying attack that is enough to kill a fighting fairy!" After the Demon Whale finished speaking, the attack surged in the hall!

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!"

"The light of the bright moon!" Two roars resembling ferocious gods suddenly sounded, and then a bright source of holy flame that purifies all evil in the world and a beam of light enough to kill the collapsed space, instantly attacked the blood demon. And go!

"not good!"

"Come on!" The blood demon envoy had just been suppressed by Xiao Yan's holy flame and was already injured, and now faced with such a terrifying attack, he immediately swept away at the blood mist at such a fast speed that he was thinking of running away!

"Let's go!" Just when he came to the blood mist, the Gorefiend under the black robe grabbed the Netherworld Twins with one hand and then swept towards the space above the hall, where is the entrance he just destroyed!

"Where to run!" Xiao Yan and Cang Key snorted at the same time!

"It's too late!" You Zun said immediately after seeing these two terrifying attacks.

"Go!" The next moment, the Gorefiend also made a decisive decision, and directly threw the inheritance stone of the Fairy Moon towards another part of the hall!

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Cang Key jumped up suddenly, and hurried to catch Fairy Moon's inheritance stone!

This inheritance stone cannot be damaged.

"Hahaha!"

"Cang Key!"

"Two humans with holy flames!"

"The next time our alien race comes, it will be your death!"

"Enjoy the last good time!" The Gorefiend fled towards the outside at a very fast speed, but the Ming Venerable in the blood mist was laughing and his voice was extremely crazy.

"Guru!" However, before the words of Venerable Ming were finished, he was suddenly penetrated by a huge heavy ruler with a khaki flame!

"Blood Demon, hurry up!" Seeing this, You Zun became anxious.

The Gorefiend was secretly surprised, but as soon as his figure flickered, he disappeared directly into the hall!

"Damn..."

"And let these two guys run away." Xiao Yan's eyes exuded endless killing intent, staring at the place where the Gorefiend disappeared.

The ruins are over, and a new plot will begin tomorrow