Chapter 407: Get out of the drugstore!

"I don't know why, the breath of that person just now seemed a little familiar..."

"But it's really strange that I can't tell you the specifics..." After Xiao Yan and the other person left, Xiao Yan also spoke slowly.

"I feel the same way too!"

"And I seem to have sensed something else from him... It smells like the power of flames!" Mu Yingying also said with a very serious face.

"Forget it, let's be careful, after all, tomorrow is the day of the auction." After some thought to no avail, Xiao Yan also resolutely said.

After all, this is the territory of the Xuanling Royal Family. I believe that the person just now has some rather good backgrounds. Otherwise, with Xiao Yan's huge soul power, it can be easily explored. However, whenever Xiao Yan When using soul power to probe, there seemed to be something on the young man that blocked his probe.

"Let's go, it's almost the end of this medicine market, let's see if there is anything I need." Xiao Yan was also the first to speak.

"Bingrui Soul Fruit... This is a good thing..."

"Mix some herbs and use them, crush them to make a medicinal bath, and after soaking, you can also greatly enhance your soul power..."

"It's just that it can only be used under the power of the emperor's soul, which restricts its value."

"Wow, this is..."

"Flaming stone?"

"I heard that this thing took hundreds of years to be soaked in the depths of magma before it took shape. Such a big piece, I am afraid it has been for thousands of years..." One after another familiar names also kept saying from Xiao Yan's mouth. Out, attracted Mu Yingying and Mu Feng are quite envious.

After all, this is in the depths of the medicine market, and there are many treasures of heaven and earth. Don't say that the two of them have seen each other. I'm afraid they have never heard of it.

The three of them walked around constantly, with Xiao Yan, and they were quite familiar with these medicinal materials, but the three of them searched the depths of the medicine market and couldn't find the medicinal materials they needed. They immediately shook their heads and prepared to leave the medicine market. .

"I actually don't have the kinds of medicinal materials I need..." Mu Yingying also said with a slight sigh.

"Although I don't have the strength to refine the second-grade emperor-rank earthen pill, but the medicinal materials that can be collected first, what medicinal materials are you missing?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan also opened his mouth to comfort.

"I also prepared other things, but until now there are still three herbs, they are respectively."

"Heavenly Soul Human Fruit, Spiritual Essence, Ten Thousand Years Snow Lotus Heart." Mu Yingying also moved her lips slightly, and then spoke slowly, her voice extremely flat.

"Heavenly Soul Human Fruit, Spiritual Essence, Ten Thousand Years Snow Lotus Heart." Originally Xiao Yan asked calmly, but as Mu Yingying said softly, his jaw was probably scared off.

"I'll be darling."

"Heavenly Soul Human Fruit, this is known as a great tonic for the power of the soul. I am afraid that a person who is not mentally sane drinks this thing, and his wisdom is an increase of geometric multiples!"

"There is a legend about the Heavenly Soul Human Fruit. It is said that the Heavenly Soul Human Fruit was originally a fruit that angels were touched by the love of human beings and gave them to humans. As long as they drink it, they can purify the mind and restore the original pure and innocent like a baby. Known as the only medicinal herbs to purify the soul!"

"At least it has never been born in human time, because the conditions for the birth of this heavenly soul and human fruit are also extremely harsh. They must be a loving couple, both of them died, and the blood essence and soul power of the two were intercepted. Silk's hope condenses."

"But it is said that the angel family has special means to cultivate this thing, but if you want to find the angel family, it will undoubtedly be more difficult than going to the sky."

"The present is to talk about spiritual marrow fluid."

"Spiritual marrow fluid, known as the essence of soul power!"

"Although the birth of this spiritual marrow liquid is not as rare as the Heavenly Soul Human Fruit, it is extremely difficult to find."

"Spiritual marrow fluid is a kind of liquid, but the birth of such a liquid is closely related to magical beasts. Spiritual marrow fluid is guarded by a very special kind of magical beast. The beast is called Soul Nightmare, and it is a magical beast that specializes in cultivating soul power. "

"It's strange to say that this Soul Nightmare Warcraft and the spiritual marrow liquid are like conjoined babies. No matter where the spiritual marrow liquid is born, it will be found by the Soul Nightmare, but this Demon Soul Nightmare is simply No one has seen it, no trace can be found, and the difficulty is quite high."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The last medicinal ingredient, Wannian Snow Lotus Heart."

"This is something that grows in the dead zone of the extremely cold land. For human beings, there are two kinds of places and three dead zones. One is the land of ice. If the power is too low, I am afraid that if some fighting immortals do not have some strength, they will not dare to go deep into the ice land rashly, the place is the desert area, and the scorching temperature will make many people stay in it forever."

"The effect of this thing is quite peculiar. It can keep the body of the user from decaying for a short time, and it is enough to be called a magic medicine."

Xiao Yan's mind quickly reverberated with the effects of these medicinal herbs, but his heart was also extremely shocked.

Although Xiao Yan had seen records of these three medicinal materials in the books left by his master Tuoshe Gudi, the records on these medicinal materials were quite vague, and there was no clear place to explain that he possessed these things.

"Hey, Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Mu Yingying also floated her head, her long eyelashes kept flickering, what happened to this Xiao Yan?

I just told him that the medicinal pills I need are still short of three herbs, so that's not the case, right?

"You still ask me what's wrong?"

"Do you know what the three herbs you just mentioned are?" Xiao Yan also forcibly held back his anger and asked This Mu Yingying is really a good boy, don't say that these three herbs are in This mysterious three days, I am afraid that even the Sifang Continent of the entire Dou Di Continent is extremely difficult to collect, this Mu Yingying can still be so calm. "Xiao Yan was also surprised.

"Although I don't know, I can vaguely feel that these three medicinal materials are not ordinary things, or even rare."

"But there's still some time."

"Just look for it slowly, maybe we'll meet you tomorrow." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, her eyes curved into small crescents, and she smiled slightly.

"Let's go, let's go back first." Xiao Yan stared at Mu Yingying, and seemed to notice that Mu Yingying looked a bit like Xun'er back then, so he also said.

"Yes." Mu Feng and Mu Yingying responded at the same time, then left the medicine market and went back to the inn where they lived.

"It's really strange that the medicinal materials that Mu Yingying needs are some kind of soul power." Mu Feng also muttered in a low voice.

It's just that with the departure of several people, the three of them didn't find out. Behind them, a figure hidden in the shadows was following them.

That figure, covered in black clothes, perfectly concealed itself in the darkness, only revealing a pair of straight eyes, and the colorless pupils seemed deadly silent.

Ask for tickets!