Chapter Vol 4 1242: ask

"Deacon Ye... actually died?" The other three men looked at Deacon Ye who fell from the sky, couldn't help swallowing a mouthful of saliva, and said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although Deacon Ye's strength is not the strongest among them, he is also a real two-star fighting immortal mid-stage powerhouse. Even here, he cannot be underestimated, but where did he expect that he would be completely in the hands of a nobody. fall.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Xiao Yan was not a softhearted person either. Seeing Deacon Ye's figure fall, Yi Huo Heng's ancient ruler was pulled out, and with a sudden turn, he immediately wiped out the other three.

"I still underestimated the anti-shock power of this rock giant..." After killing the four of them completely, Xiao Yan slowly landed on the ground and muttered.

"Are you alright?" The injured woman naturally noticed a trace of abnormality in Xiao Yan's body, and immediately asked with concern.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan said softly, and then Dou Qi surged in his body, directly burning the bodies of the four without leaving any traces.

When the injured woman saw Xiao Yan's actions, she couldn't help but become even more curious about Xiao Yan. After all, having such a tyrannical strength and temperament, it can be seen that the identity of this guy is definitely not low.

When you go out and kill the powerhouses of other forces, you must burn their corpses. This is obviously a well-known fact. After all, the people in their forces have soul records in their respective forces. If they don’t burn their bodies Now, the forces behind them will naturally find them easily, and it will be much more troublesome then.

"My name is Yuwei, from Yecheng Yuzong, I don't know your Excellency..." The injured woman spoke softly, and a silver bell-like voice sounded slowly.

After dealing with the four figures, Xiao Yan carefully began to look at the injured woman in front of him.

An inexplicable fragrance slowly radiated from Yuwei's body. She was wearing a jacket and skirt, showing off her bumpy figure to the fullest. In addition to the strength of the two-star Dou Xian in the early stage, this Yuwei might have a high status in the Yu Sect. .

"I'm just a nameless person. I went out to travel, but I lost my way. Since the girl is talking about the people of Yecheng Yuzong, can you guide me?" Xiao Yan was wearing a black robe, naturally he was not afraid of Yuwei's recognition. What happened, when I heard that this girl was from Yecheng Yuzong, I couldn't help being overjoyed.

In this radius of hundreds of kilometers, only Yecheng is a large city, and the space teleportation formation is also inhabited in this city. Xiao Yan naturally wants to go to Yecheng to use the space transmission formation to reach the place where the ratio of Dongzhou is reached. .

"Your Excellency saved me, so it's not enough to lead the way."

"But..." Yu Weibei bit her lips slightly, looking hesitant.

"Is there anything else?" Xiao Yan turned his head and asked.

"Your Excellency also went to Yecheng to take the space teleportation formation to Dongzhou to participate in the ratio of Dongzhou..." The next moment, Yuwei seemed to have decided something, and asked expectantly.

"Why, you have to ask about this kind of thing?" Xiao Yan was a little unhappy, and obviously had some opinions on Yuwei. After all, this kind of thing is his own private matter, and there is no need to tell others.

"No no no."

"Your Excellency has misunderstood."

"There is indeed a space teleportation formation in Yecheng, but recently because there are too many people using it, the space teleportation formation is in chaos and cannot be used." Yu Wei hurriedly explained for fear of Xiao Yan's misunderstanding.

"No way……"

"Yecheng is the only city closest to him that has a space teleportation formation. If this is broken, I am afraid that just rushing on the road will not keep up with the ratio of Dongzhou..." Xiao Yan was silent, obviously there was nothing he could do for a while.

"Your Excellency, don't be discouraged. This time, it's our Yuzong's turn to manage the space teleportation formation. We have collected materials for repairing the space teleportation formation and are going to return to the city to repair the space teleportation formation." Seeing Xiao Yan's silence, Yuwei opened her mouth.

"Is this true?" Xiao Yan was slightly overjoyed when he heard the words.

"However, on the way, I encountered some trouble." Yuwei said, her voice full of helplessness.

"For example, these four people?" Xiao Yan could naturally guess that the Kuyezhai power that Deacon Ye mentioned just now might have something to do with the Yuzong mentioned by the woman in front of him.

"In Yecheng, the two most powerful forces are our Yuzong and Kuyezhai, and the management rights of space teleportation will be exchanged every ten years after years of competition."

"And this year, it happened to be the second year of our Yuzong management period. There was a problem with the Space Teleportation Array when the people of Kuyezhai occupied our management period, which forced us to hand over the management rights. We refused, thus causing two strengths. Fight openly and secretly." Yuwei said.

"This guy, there should be something unspeakable..." Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering as he looked at Yu Wei who told him the details one by one.

Obviously, there is no one who will face each other, and it is the person who has completely escaped. This Yuwei is like this, I am afraid she wants something.

"And my father, as the sect master of Yuzong, naturally maintains order in Yecheng, and my sister and I went out of the city to collect materials for the repair of the space teleportation formation. On the way back, we encountered the interception of their Kuyezhai." Yu Wei said.

"My sister's life and death are unknown now, I beg you to save her!"

"The materials for repairing the space teleportation array are also on my sister. If something happens to my sister, I'm afraid you can't go to Dongzhou to participate in the competition!" The next moment, Yuwei's mood was broken, and she faced Xiao Yan with a crying voice. growled.

"Uh..." Yuwei, who was fine before, suddenly looked like this, making Xiao Yan a little dumbfounded Yes...I'm sorry for my rudeness. "Yu Wei apologized slightly, and said to Xiao Yan with a tear in her red pupils.

"It's alright, the medicinal power of the Jiedu Pill has worked. After a few minutes, the toxins in your body will dissipate. You should restore your vindictive energy first." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"En." Yu Wei nodded lightly when she heard the words, but she felt a little bit of loss in her heart. It seemed that she still looked down on Xiao Yan, and then she could only rely on herself to reply to her vindictiveness. After all, the enemy that my sister had to deal with , but not the middle stage of the Two Star Fighting Immortals.

"Your Excellency, if you go straight on this road for ten miles, you will be able to see Ye Cheng. I still have something to do. I will not be with you." After Yu Wei finished speaking, the blue vindictive aura appeared slightly, and she hurriedly faced the other opposite. run in the direction.

"You're really impatient, let's go together." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly and said, but he was extremely depressed, so he wouldn't beg for help.

"Your Excellency is willing to go with me?" The sense of loss was instantly replaced by surprise, and then Yuwei said very excitedly.

"Let's go, I just need to use the space teleportation formation to go to Dongzhou, so I'm still in a hurry." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Thank you." Yuwei's face flushed, she didn't know whether it was because Xiao Yan agreed to go with her or for other reasons.

But Yu Wei is clear that the man in black robe in front of him has a faint aura that is comparable to a peerless beast. Even an ordinary two-star fighting immortal mid-stage powerhouse does not have this kind of aura. , not to mention that this guy is just a powerhouse in the early stage of two-star fighting immortals.

. full book m.