Chapter 519: Sudden change!

"Who disturbed this emperor's sleep!" The coercive voice echoed in this space for a long time!

Immediately, a white cold air suddenly spread out from the Ice Mark Tianhu!

"Crash!" The next moment, a vibrant breath suddenly filled the hilltop!

"Tsk tsk, the strength of this Frost Scar Tianhu, I am afraid that at least it has the sixth rank of the emperor... If the sixth rank of the emperor is also in line with the magic core and blood essence that big brother needs."

"However, I vaguely remember that this Xu Shengdan is a second-grade emperor-level medicinal pill, and the eldest brother is only a first-grade emperor-rank peak alchemist, so it is quite difficult for this Xushengdan." People are far away, and then slowly opened their mouths.

"It's just that this desert mountain is really weird. When you look up, it's surrounded by fog, as if something is hiding..."

"And in this desert mountain range, there seems to be something familiar and frightening to me... Strange." Xiao Yi looked up at the sky, under the condition of blurred vision surrounded by fog, the power of strange fire in her body was all Shake slightly!

"As expected of the Frozen Tianhu." Seeing this, Mu Feng said slowly, a feeling of excitement spread throughout his body!

"Let's make a move, make a quick decision." Xiao Yan said slowly.

After he finished speaking, the speed exploded instantly, and the ice-scarred Tianhu who was standing on the ground exploded away!

"It's been a long time since humans have appeared in this place...because the humans who have appeared have died without exception." Binghen Tianhu said coldly, but the pride in his voice could not be concealed!

"Really?" Xiao Yan came to Frozen Tianhu's side in a short time!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although this Frost Scar Heavenly Tiger is extremely proud, it has its own pride, which is comparable to a human beast with a six-star Dou Emperor, and it should be the same in the face of Xiao Yan and several other five-star Dou Emperors!

And only when he came to the side of the Frozen Tianhu, did Xiao Yan realize the horror of this Frozen Tianhu!

The snow-white fluff all over his body seemed soft, but in fact it was protected by the frozen ice!

Even if Xiao Yan strikes with all his strength now, it may not be able to directly destroy this fluff!

The chills that swept people's hearts kept forcing Xiao Yan to separate out a lot of fighting qi to resist!

"Great Heaven's Fortune Palm!" A light snort appeared from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then a terrifying wave was born in his hand!

"Go!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's palm suddenly pushed forward, and the energy on the palm suddenly surged up to the size of a hundred meters, and then suddenly roared towards the ice-marked Tianhu who was close at hand!

"Beyond our own power!" Frozen Tianhu raised his arrogant forehead, and his amber pupils became focused.

Xiao Yan just launched the Great Heaven's Fortune Palm, and his strength was also detected by this Frost Scar Heavenly Tiger!

In the early days of this little human five-star Dou Emperor, he wanted to shake his dominance!

It's too self-sufficient!

As soon as he finished speaking, the Frozen Tianhu snorted suddenly, and an extremely pure white cold air emerged instantly!

"Little human wants to challenge me?" A disdain appeared from the mouth of the Ice Mark Tianhu, and then the cold breath instantly turned into an extremely sharp ice spear!

The ice spear is covered in snow-white, and although it is extremely small, the terrifying aura above the ice spear is very huge, and the cold light at the tip of the ice spear is shocked!

"Snow Spear!" A loud roar roared out of Binghentian's mouth, and immediately slapped it viciously with Xiao Yan's huge handprint of the energy of the Great Heaven's Good Fortune!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying Datian Fortune Palm and Snow Spear collided directly, and then the terrifying energy of the sky flew everywhere!

"Humph!"

"You, a human, seem to have a second chance." Frozen Tianhu said slightly, but the amber pupils were quite surprised!

His own strength is obviously much stronger than this young man, why does this young man have a feeling that even the Frost Marks can't see through!

Moreover, what puzzled Tianhu Binghen the most was the terrifying flame on Xiao Yan's body!

Ice Mark Tianhu has enough confidence, and the ice attribute he already has is very terrifying. With some of his own methods, I am afraid that the seven-star Dou Emperor of mankind is enough to fight, but when facing the initial strength of Xiao Yan, the five-star Dou Emperor, he actually let him Frozen Tianhu had an uneasy feeling!

"This ice-marked Tianhu is really difficult to solve." Xiao Yan stabilized his figure, and then spoke slowly.

In the fight just now, Xiao Yan could feel that the ice-marked Tianhu's strong ice attributes might be far more powerful than some six-star fighting emperors!

The battle in the sky subsided in an instant, and Xiao Yan and the others started to fight!

"This Frozen Tianhu can actually use fighting skills?" The green flute on the side asked suspiciously, and the beautiful eyes showed a moment of confusion.

"This is not a fighting skill, it is the power created by the Frozen Scar Heaven Tiger based on its own strength... But it is not an exaggeration to say that it is a fighting skill." Xiao Yan said.

In the seemingly simple battle just now, Xiao Yan already had a basic judgment in his heart!

The strength of the ice-marked Tianhu in front of him is definitely at the sixth-grade emperor rank, and his attribute is ice, which is exactly what he needs!

"Human, although you seem to have something in your body, this is not the place you should come."

"If you don't want to die, just quit." A vicissitudes of life said slowly.

"It's been a lot of hard work to come here, but it's not so easy to back down." Xiao Yan said calmly.

The next moment, just as Xiao Yan and the others were about to take action to defeat the Frost Mark Tianhu, an evil wind suddenly blew in!

"This wind... is weird!" Mu Feng suddenly drank, and then a mysterious blue light instantly covered the bodies of the five!

"What is that!" Mu Yingying was shocked When the evil wind appeared just now, it blew her to the bone!

Mu Yingying has the strength in the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, and she possesses holy flame, so her strength can be imagined!

Even Mu Yingying felt this way, not to mention the others!

"Everyone, be careful!" Xiao Yan screamed in a hurry, and then the huge soul power was in full possession, forming a double layer of protection with Mu Feng's dark blue vindictive aura!

"Damn, calm down for me!" The next moment, when Xiao Yan's eyes were on the Ice Mark Tianhu, he suddenly saw a black beam of light coming fast!

The black light beam is like thunder, emerging from the dense fog above!

And when this black light beam appeared, the palm of Xiao Yan's hand, which was inhabited by the Soul Eater Talisman, jumped violently!

This black beam of light is astonishingly the same as the black gas on the giant white rock at the entrance of the desert area with Xiao Yan and the others!

"not good!"

"Why is this thing coming again!" With a loud roar, the amber pupils of the Ice Mark Tianhu shrank tightly, and his body moved instantly, trying his best to escape the black beam!

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and the others were still in the air, but after the black beam appeared, the pressure in the sky increased greatly, causing Xiao Yan and the others to give up and then came to the ground. superior.

"What's going on with this Soul Eater Talisman today?" Xiao Yan was surprised, and then looked at the formerly majestic Lingling Hungry Ice Tiger in front of him.

Ask for tickets!