Chapter Vol 4 1261: press for information

"Eater... Lord of Soul Eater?" When the guardian of Yin heard the strange voice that appeared in the holy flame space, he suddenly appeared in shock.

The Yin Protector saw that Xiao Yan's body, which was nearly withered, was actually recovering quickly, and a strange black color lingered tightly around Xiao Yan's body!

Through this cloud of black air, it turned out that the Yin Protector had a feeling of oppression that he couldn't breathe!

"People of the Soul Clan, why don't you stay in the Tianxing Continent and come to our ghost realm?"

Although the two are both black qi, the auras of the Soul Eater and the Guardian of Yin are different.

The Yin Protector was originally shrouded in black smoke, but after being seriously injured by Xiao Yan Shengyan, at this time it was only a nearly transparent soul body, while the Soul Eater was a black shadow.

"impossible!"

"Haven't you already fallen, Lord of Soul Eater...how is it possible!" The Yin Protector in the transparent state looked extremely ferocious, and Xiao Yan's attack just now was extremely tyrannical. At this time, the yin guardian law has fallen sadly.

"This guy is my disciple, it's over." The Lord of Soul Eater didn't say too much, he waved his palm lightly, and with what seemed like such a simple blow, a tyrannical black energy suddenly emerged, rushing to protect the yin. The pupils are enlarged!

"No, run!" I had already heard of Soul Eater's prestige and Yin Guard, and no matter if Soul Eater was seriously injured or for other reasons, it was impossible for me to deal with it now.

After all... this Soul Eater is the real overlord in the ghost world, and I am afraid that only the patriarch of the soul clan or the palace master can deal with it.

"Gulugulu." Although the Yin Protector was extremely fast, how could he escape from the claws of the Soul Eater? In an instant, he was bound to death by the Soul Eater's energy.

"Teacher, don't kill him." The next moment, Xiao Yan also regained some grudge and spoke slowly.

Since this guy claims to be a guardian of the shadows, he naturally has some voice and status among the soul clan, so Xiao Yan wants to use this to force him to ask something.

"Let's go." The Soul Eater heard the words, but he didn't kill him. After all, this three-star Dou Xian's perfect yin protector was invincible, but in the eyes of the Soul Eater, it was as insignificant as an ant, even at this time. Soul Eater's source is damaged.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Susu...I really didn't expect you to be the fourth disciple of the Soul Eater..." The Yin Protector couldn't break free from the Soul Eater's shackles after racking his brains, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan viciously.

"..." Xiao Yan didn't say a word, and walked towards the bound soul body of the Yin Protector step by step.

"I should have thought that the remnants of the Xiao clan's lower realm, at such an age, possess a fighting spirit, and the fairyland soul, or even the three holy flames, must have strong men behind them..."

"It's really a miscalculation." The Yin Protector was extremely remorseful. If Xiao Yan hadn't had the support of the Soul Eater, I'm afraid he would have been easily killed by himself after the fusion of the three-color and half-sacred flames had just been performed.

"It's up to now, you can admit it." Xiao Yan came to the guardian of the shadows, and the dazzling holy flames directly permeated out, and then wrapped the body of the guardians of the shadows, cutting off all his escape routes.

"This kid... The growth rate seems to have exceeded my expectations..." The Soul Eater looked at Xiao Yan quietly.

Obviously, the Master of Soul Eater was ready to take action just now, but Xiao Yan, relying on the fusion of holy flames, abruptly reached a tie with the Yin Protector!

Although this tie was filled with a lot of water, the suppression of the holy flame, the increase of the holy flame space, and the power of the fighting spirit and soul, Xiao Yan did it!

Combining his various means, he turned out to be able to truly face the strong without the help of the Soul Eater!

Moreover, the Lord of Soul Eater believes that if Xiao Yan's strength is stronger, or if there is more holy flame, I am afraid that the Yin Protector will fall directly under the attack just now.

"The methods of your soul clan are as despicable and shameless as the lower realms." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"It's enough to win the king and lose the bandit." Although the yin protector was bound and could not mobilize any power, he did not mean to be afraid of Xiao Yan at all.

"I don't deny that you, the Dou Di powerhouses who were promoted above the Dou Qi Continent in the lower realm, once took the lead in causing a **** storm in this great world."

"But I'm very curious. After several centuries, the source qi above the Dou Qi Continent has been exhausted. How did you get promoted to Dou Emperor?" The Yin Protector smiled, obviously he knew about the Dou Qi Continent.

"You don't need to worry about these things, but the power of your soul clan on Dou Qi Continent was uprooted by me." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Little chops!"

"The lower realm has provided us with a lot of talents and the power of belief. You actually destroyed one of our lower realm strongholds... and it is also the birthplace of our soul clan!"

"If you let the palace master know about this, I'm afraid you will only have to wait to die." The Yin Protector sneered.

Undoubtedly, what the Yin Protector said is quite reasonable.

Hundreds of thousands of years ago, there were many geniuses on the Dou Qi Continent, and many Dou Di powerhouses emerged. Among them, the eight ancient races were the most prominent. However, after these Dou Di strong men were promoted to Dou Di, they broke through the space and went to new ones. The world, thus leaving behind the bloodline of Emperor Dou.

And there are also eight ancient clans in the Great Thousand World. Among the eight ancient clans, the birthplace of the Xiao clan, the soul clan, is the Dou Qi Continent.

"That's why I didn't kill you... there is a reason." Xiao Yan heard the words and laughed slowly.

"What about the Hall Master and the Patriarch of the Soul Clan..." The Soul Eater Master seemed to remember something when he heard the words, but his expression was not quite right.

"Hahaha!"

"You are a mere two-star fighting immortal boy, can you interrogate me?" The Yin Protector said with great disdain.

"Then you are really a noble person who forgets ~ After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he closed his eyes, and the dazzling soul power burst out from the body, and then went away from the body of the yin protector.

"Crash!" The soul power of Xiao Yan's fairyland had just poured into the body of the Yin Protector, and suddenly bursts of joy, anger, sadness, joy, sadness and anger were exaggerating and disturbing Xiao Yan's progress.

"This guy's soul power is probably about to reach the fairyland... However, his soul power is not from cultivation, but it seems to be promoted by devouring others." Xiao Yan controlled the soul power to move towards the brain center of the yin protector. Go, try to probe his memory, so as to know the truth of some things.

"Pfft!" But in the next moment, just as Xiao Yan had advanced a considerable distance, a silent attack came directly from the depths of the shadow protector's brain, diffused out, and then attacked Xiao Yan's brain with the momentum of thunder. And go.

Through this deeply hidden soul attack, Xiao Yan was shocked, as if he was under a fatal threat!

"Soul attack?"

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly withdrew the soul power that had poured into the body of the Yin Protector, and tried to fight back, but it was obviously too late.

"This soul clan's secrecy method is really well done." Just when Xiao Yan was facing a big enemy, the majestic ghost energy on Soul Eater's body directly and easily wiped out that touch of soul attack.

"Bang bang bang!" But the next moment, the soul body of the yin protector suddenly swelled up, and then suddenly exploded in the holy flame space.

. m.