Chapter Vol 4 854: 1 hit

"It's actually an immortal bird?" Meng Fei's heavy voice sounded behind everyone, but although the voice was heavy, it was more joy!

With the sound of Meng Fei's voice, the eyes of those people were dull, and an indescribable heat and fear filled their hearts, and the scene behind the sealed door was also discovered by everyone.

This is a huge space filled with molten lava. In the space, there is only one road leading to the highest point, and at the highest point of the space, a huge creature with a height of ten feet and gray feathers is looking down in a kind of way. Look at Song Yue and others.

This creature is more than ten feet tall, and there seems to be a terrifying fluctuation on the gray feathers all over its body.

"The undead ghost is said to be a mysterious fighting spirit related to the undead fire."

"This kind of fighting spirit has an extremely powerful attack power, and is fierce in nature. It likes to operate in hot places with molten lava. I didn't expect it to be met by us." Meng Fei couldn't hide his joy and said.

As a pharmacist, countless classical books have been read over and over, so when encountering such a thing, it is natural to call out the specific details at first sight.

"Undead fire?"

"That's the legendary holy flame ranked in the top twenty-five." At this time, someone suddenly reacted and spoke immediately.

"In front of this undead ghost, among the 108 kinds of fighting spirits, it can also rank in the top 80!"

"If you devour so little undead fire to complete the purification, it is very likely to become the existence of the top 30!" Some people with hot eyes couldn't help but speak, and their voices were full of greed.

"I didn't expect it to be the 70th undead ghost." Song Yue immediately said something when he saw the towering fighting spirit in front of him.

"Yue, what's the difference between Dou Soul and Warcraft?" Hong Qian, who was behind Song Yue, asked blankly.

"The fighting spirit and Warcraft are naturally different."

"Most of the monsters are creatures with low intelligence. Even if their strength and wisdom are improved, they can't escape the circle of monsters."

"But the fighting spirit is different."

"Fighting souls are some creatures that inherit the spiritual energy of heaven and earth."

"The fighting spirit contains extremely terrifying power, and it is a necessity for fighting immortals."

"Every powerhouse who is promoted to Dou Xian has only one chance in his life to absorb Dou Spirit!"

"Absorbing the fighting spirit will not only strengthen the limbs and bones of the body, but will even give birth to some mysterious things based on the ability to devour the fighting spirit."

"And once you devour the fighting spirit, you will have the power of the fighting spirit."

"For example, if you devour the undead ghost bird in front of you, you can have the tenacious physique of the undead ghost bird. This is an existence that is close to undead. As long as it is not destroyed by others, the resilience of this undead ghost bird is probably better than eating it. The magic medicine is still effective, so nothing else matters!" At this time, Song Yue explained.

"The fighting spirit is so mysterious..."

"We must bring it back to the master!" Hong Qian heard the words and smiled slightly. If Jiujianxian absorbed this fighting spirit, I am afraid that it is very likely to become the first powerhouse in Xuantian Santian.

"Let's talk about it, you haven't seen people here who are eyeing it." Song Yue said solemnly.

"I'm afraid this fighting spirit is not easy to subdue." As a woman, Hong Qian naturally found the arrogant arrogance of the undead Mingque, as if she did not put them in her eyes at all.

"This guy's strength may have reached the level of Dou Xian. Even if his strength is suppressed among Fairy Moonlight, he is probably at the peak of Dou Di." Song Yue said solemnly.

"So strong?" Hong Qian was slightly surprised when she heard the words.

Not to mention the Dou Xian strong, I am afraid they can't deal with the Dou Di peak powerhouse alone.

"As soon as you see the opportunity, if you really can't do it, then give up this fighting spirit." Song Yue's face flashed a trace of grief.

When I came to the ruins this time, I did not bring any magical treasures from the sect, so I am afraid that this fighting spirit is extremely difficult to deal with.

As for Bing Shui, Gunny and his group obviously left early to prepare, so they did not panic at this time.

"This fighting spirit is so terrifying..." Someone said immediately after hearing it.

"What I've said is just the tip of the iceberg. What's more terrifying is probably only known to the powerhouses of their respective sects." Song Yue Zaidu continued.

"These guys." At the next moment, when Feng Hong's eyes looked at Zhonghua Lexin, Bing Shui, Guni and some strong men, he realized that they were all staring at Dou Soul.

"Irrelevant people, quit."

"This fighting spirit, I absolutely must." Gunny said.

Although his strength is tyrannical, it is obviously not enough to deal with fighting spirits, so he can only use some special means.

"Hey, that's exactly what I mean." Wang Xie smiled grimly.

However, Qi Haoqing's pupils switched back and forth between blood and normal from time to time. If other people's eyes were not attracted by the fighting spirit in front of them, they would probably find something unusual about Qi Haoqing.

As for the natural Huale heart, it also did not step back in the slightest, as if there was some certainty.

In addition to Bing Shui's direct gaze locked in front of the undead Mingque, so far, the best disciples of the super sect are all far away from here.

"Let's go!" Seeing this, the other weak powerhouses immediately found that there were some mysterious fluctuations in these people, and they did not dare to stay for a long time and retreated directly.

And Xiuqi and Wudu also hesitated for a while Considering Qinxin's group, they directly withdrew from here.

"Tick." With the withdrawal of many powerhouses, only ice water was left in the molten space. Guni, Wang Xie, Qi Haoqing, Meng Fei, Hua Lexin, Song Yuehongqian, Feng Hong and his party nine people.

"Is this guy dozing off?" Feng Hong said slightly after a while. It was obvious that so many powerhouses had just come in here, and this undead ghost had no intention of doing anything. Obviously, this was too abnormal.

"No, the undead ghost doesn't like to be sleepy by nature." Meng Fei shook his head slowly, obviously also unable to figure out why this happened.

"Nine people?" At the next moment, just when many strong men were surprised, the pupils of the immortal finch, which were extremely eerie, suddenly opened slightly.

Immediately, an unspeakable death filled everyone's heart.

"Sure enough, it's a fighting spirit at the level of fighting immortals!" Although the nine-tailed figure was surprised, it was not enough to be instantly killed by the undead ghost.

"Undead Mingque, today, let's see where you are running!" Gunny said, and then looked at the Undying Mingque with obsession, as if the Undying Mingque at this time was already in his pocket.

"Merely Seven Star Dou Di, I will kill you like killing a dog."

"Since you are determined to stay, then let's fall together." After the undead Mingque finished speaking, the huge crown above his head exuded a red flame, attacking everyone.

And with the attack of this flame, the nine strong men shuddered!

"Hey, I didn't expect it to be the undead ghost." Just as the attack was about to hit the nine strong men, an old voice slowly appeared. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: