Chapter Vol 4 1942: A blessing in disguise!

"Hmph... three idiots."

"But now that we have collected the power of two Demon Suppression Prisons, it is enough for us to squander it for a while."

"Two white kings and one red king have fallen, I am afraid that the evil tribes outside the territory will not be so willing to let it go."

"Susu." On the edge of the ancient battlefield, Xu Shao said grimly, and after speaking, he disappeared into a black smoke, but he did have some kind of extremely evil treasure on his body, which took the two demon-suppressing prisons. Many evil creatures have been completely absorbed, but they just don't know why.

the other side.

"Gulu." In the magnificent ancient battlefield, as the three evil powerhouses were completely annihilated by the demon emperor's hands, without any trace of their origins escaping, the powerhouses behind them couldn't help but be stunned!

Ever since the Demon Emperor disappeared, there have been endless legends about him. Even some of the descendants are quite fearful and respected. Now that I have seen it with my own eyes, the shock is naturally suppressing the hearts of all of them.

But now, it doesn't matter anymore. With the demon emperor now, the collapse of the demon world will be unified.

"Lord..." At this moment, Elder Scorpion and Elder Monkey, the reincarnations, took the lead, knelt down heavily on both knees, and respectfully said to the figure standing proudly above the void.

These reincarnation powerhouses are now the strongest in the demon world, and the remaining powerhouses are either fallen or in a deep sleep, and need to be awakened by the demon emperor.

"Well... it's over."

"Send someone to clean up the two Demon Suppression Prisons. The seals of the Demon Suppressing Prisons are extremely strong. If there is no black box operation by people with intentions, it is absolutely impossible for them to break the seal."

"And the other evil forces in the two Demon Suppression Prisons are extremely weak. These things seem a little strange. Check them out." After the three kings were completely wiped out, the Demon Emperor's face became gloomy, staring at him. Looking at the positions of the Tianxiong tyrants, he said coldly, that hegemonic spirit was displayed, making people unable to move.

"Master... we are guilty." At this moment, Tianxiong Tyrant and the White Bone Demon King suddenly spoke out, their voices filled with a sense of convincing, and suddenly fell to their knees, looking in a trance, not daring to show any disobedience.

"You...what are you guilty of?" The Demon Emperor said coldly, but the monstrous murderous intent contained in his voice was hard to contain!

During the period of its seal, Heishan Longlang kept revealing the situation of the demon world to the demon emperor.

"咻咻!" In an instant, the reincarnation aura from the Demon Emperor's body swept out, washing away countless evil auras in the ancient battlefield. For a time, the majestic repression made everyone in front of him feel no resistance.

"Lord... we are guilty." Tianxiong Tyrant and White Bone Demon King said slightly, and their voices were full of apology.

"Humph!"

"Since I was sealed, the demon world has become chaotic due to the division of you and others. Now the battle of the few of you has damaged our demon world's vitality. What should you blame?" The demon emperor's cold voice had no trace of warmth.

"Lord, the two white kings and one red king have been obliterated now. I am afraid that they will be known by the real high-level foreigners in the near future. Once they are angry, I am afraid that it will lead to a more dangerous battle."

"Although your strength, Master, has entered an unmatched realm, the strength of the two adults also touches the reincarnation. I am afraid that it will only be a matter of time before stepping into the reincarnation. The reincarnation powerhouse is indispensable at this moment."

"Lord, think again." At this time, Lao Hou and Lao Xie and other reincarnation powerhouses spoke out at the same time, begging for mercy for the two of them.

"The death penalty is exempt, but the living crime cannot escape."

"I want you to wait for the two of you to follow me for a few years. Let's write down the crime this time, and wait for the crime and meritorious service in the future. Otherwise, don't blame the emperor for being ruthless." After a deep voice, the demon emperor said.

"Thank you, Lord..." The two Tianxiong tyrants heard the words, and immediately burst into tears and their bodies trembled. If there were no pleas from these guys, I am afraid that they would be instantly wiped out by the demon emperor, the demon pill would be destroyed, and their souls would fly away.

"Go on, you can solve the situation in the ancient battlefield today."

"And the demon world has been broken for tens of thousands of years, and it should be reunified now."

"Old Monkey, you send someone to integrate all the power of the demon world. If you encounter a disobedient, you can kill it first and then pay for it!"

"..." The orderly orders were issued, and the situation in the demon world became clear again.

On the other side, in the Demon Fate Cave.

The Ten Thousand Demon King has already gone to deal with many matters in the demon world, and only the Hei Sha Long Lang, the Flaming Beast and Xiao Yan are left here.

"Strange...what the **** is going on here?" Xiao Yan was always in a very special state when the outside world demon emperor wiped out the three kings with a supreme attitude.

It seems that his soul has entered a realm of no one, which is also a place of aurora like a demon, but there are only three light groups of each color, and Xiao Yan's soul body.

For a long time, Xiao Yan had been ignorant of these three light groups, and even had no way to break through them.

"These three light groups are a bit like the three great magic arts that seal the demon emperor. They are afraid of something in my body."

"The soul-transforming secret art of the ghost world, the devil-heart-devouring divine art of the devil's world, and the Zen-mind-clearing Brahma art of the Buddhist world...but why do they imprison me?" Xiao Yan quietly stood in the dead aurora void space. , immediately thought carefully.

"Hush!" After an unknown amount of time, Xiao Yan's body flickered suddenly, and after a while, the stone fell one by one.

"Evil Crystal Demon Block?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Weng buzzing!" Before Xiao Yan could react, the three groups of light instantly turned the crystal into a cloud of dust with the power of thunder!

And in the powder, some ancient words are also looming, and there is an eternal power on it, which slowly sounded.

"This is... the cultivation route of the three great gods?"

"How is that possible?" In an instant, Xiao Yan watched the three groups of light directly attached to the powder particles of the evil crystal, and immediately an ancient ripple floated in front of him!

That kind of feeling is as if these three divine arts were guided by the burning art in one's own body directly paving their cultivation paths on the stones!

"Although I don't know the specific reason...but!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't have time to think. He closed his eyes and lost his mind. The cultivation routes of the three major divine arts were completely imprinted on Xiao Yan's body.

As for the three major divine arts, originally their own powers were their masters, and they were even rebellious against each other, but when Xiao Yi remembered them in his body, there was nothing to block them. .

Although Xiao Yan has mastered the three great divine arts now, Xiao Yan will not leave the good Fen Jue without cultivating, so he will switch to other exercises, because Xiao Yan feels that the power of Fen Jue is even higher than the seven great divine arts. !

At this moment, Xiao Yan has already mastered the third of the Seven Realms of Divine Art. Although he does not want to practice, but with the help of the cultivation route and direction of the three Divine Art, in the future, by chance and coincidence, he has given a lot of talents and outstanding people. The rise of the world's top forces has deeply paved the way for a solid road.

For the trip to the demon world, I am afraid that the three major divine arts have received the best rewards now, and with these three divine arts, in the future, when walking in the ghost world, the devil world, and the Buddha world, the lethality of these three world powerhouses to Xiao Yan will also be greatly reduced.