Chapter Vol 4 1789: Towards the devil's lair!

Several days have passed since the battle between the Demon Whale and the Sea Dragon Beast that day, and the injuries of the two elders in Jasmine Valley have gradually recovered a lot. There is still no sign of returning to the original path without crossing the boat. Instead, they seem to be heading deeper into the sea. .

Xiao Yan's room.

"Huhu... The sequelae are really too serious." It took a few days for Xiao Yan to get used to it. Obviously, he used the fire of holy flame to kill the demon whale and sea dragon beast on the sea surface. Had a very tyrannical sequelae.

In this kind of sea area, the fire attribute powerhouse is completely suppressed, and a series of seasickness vomits.

This is also the most painful thing for a landlubber.

"Finally get used to it, let's hurry up and do business, otherwise they won't let go of these things." Xiao Yan opened his mouth with a hint of laughter in his voice.

After erasing the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast that day, Xiao Yan secretly took all its corpses into his pocket. Jasmine and the others should not be able to find it in a short time, but over time, I am afraid that things will be revealed.

"The information needed to cultivate the fourth transformation of the Dragon God should be here..." After checking a barrier in his room, Xiao Yan carefully removed the broken pieces of meat from his Emperor Yan. released from the ring.

"What a stench..." Large and small limb bones and blood-colored flesh appeared in the room, and a harsh stench rushed towards his face, causing Xiao Yan to frown.

"What exactly are these?" After a brief hesitation, Xiao Yan divided the bodies of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, but at this time the huge body of the sea beast had been dismantled into eight pieces by Xiao Yan, and some major parts were released by Xiao Yan. Come out, after all, this room can't hold all the bodies of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan stared at the dying dragon tail of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, and muttered as he looked at the sunken groove in the head.

Looking at the flesh above the backbone, the blood-colored holes that were bitten one by one, permeated slightly, and a heavy feeling swept over Xiao Yan's body.

"Devil..." After a while, Xiao Yan tossed and spliced ​​together a lot of backbone meat pieces, and vaguely saw a miniature version of the devil whale sea dragon beast, and on its surface, two The looming words suddenly appeared.

An uneasy thought quietly poured into Xiao Yan's mind!

"Weng Om!" When the blood-colored energy of the devil was wriggling around, the amber flames in Xiao Yan's body flew out uncontrollably. Looking at the appearance, it seemed that he was extremely disgusted by the devil in front of him!

"Forget it... I don't care, but this guy has a dragon tail. Although it contains Yalong's bloodline, it doesn't seem to be enough." After a lot of tossing, he found nothing, Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"It seems that we can only keep this dragon tail first, and then we can start cultivating the fourth transformation of the Dragon God after obtaining some things in the future." Xiao Yan thought to himself, after all, the fourth transformation of the Dragon God is not what it used to be, and it must not be sloppy. .

"If that's the case, then burn it." Sorting out the useful things, looking at the terrifying blood-colored devil word on the useless flesh and bones, Xiao Yan spoke softly, the amber-colored saint on his body. A burst of dazzling power erupted from the flames, burning it away.

"Hoohoho!" This burning, like a dying beast being scorched by the fire, broke out with a scream that went deep into the soul, and those fleshy bones disappeared in an instant, but there was a faint gray smoke, which quietly emerged. In the middle of the room, it seems to be revealing something.

"Hey!" The gray smoke swayed slightly, and after a while, a scene appeared in the gray smoke.

"A lonely island?" Looking at the scenery above the gray smoke, Xiao Yan didn't have time to think, his pupils shrank tightly and stared intently.

It was an isolated island. The isolated island seemed to be above the sea. The area of ​​the isolated island was huge. It was even incompatible with the sea water and the surrounding air. It was like an entrance into the abyss of hell, and the gloomy cold wind was blowing constantly.

"There are definitely evil things here!" At this moment, the vindictiveness in Xiao Yan's body became quiet and solidified, and he could directly hear his own heartbeat, and this uncontrollable fear seemed to originate from in front of this lonely island.

"Huhu." After the breath, the gray smoke shattered, and the whole room returned to calm.

"What the **** is going on..." Xiao Yan's forehead dripped with sweat like beans, gasping for breath. The fear that came from the soul just now was the first time Xiao Yan experienced.

"There should be some earth-shattering secrets hidden in that lonely island, which can make me feel so terrified, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yan calmed down slightly and carefully adjusted his breath.

the other side.

"Miss Zhang, now that we have successfully crossed the core area of ​​the Devil's Sea, we are going forward, I'm afraid..." In the room, there were only Zhang Yu, Gu Lao and Jasmine, Gu Lao was the first to speak.

"You two, don't worry, as long as I get to my destination safely, I will naturally not be able to treat you badly." Zhang Yu said coldly.

"But the devil's lair is only a legend. Even in the entire city of Shuiyuan City, no one has seen it with his own eyes. How can your Excellency be so sure that the devil's lair must exist in the depths of the Devil's Sea?" At this moment, Jasmine was also Feeling a crisis, it seems that this rain is not as simple as it seems, and worries.

"You don't need to know this." Zhang Yu shook his head, obviously not wanting to continue to argue with them.

"This..." With Zhang Yu's appearance like this, the other two looked at each other and also had the intention of retreating.

Originally, Jasmine was lucky enough to defeat the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast last time, but this time, she was supposed to win the reward, but how could she have thought that this big guy would be so terrifying? In addition to the biting thing and the crazy sea beasts in the sea before, under the balance, money and life, or the latter is the most important.

"I want to retreat now, it's too late."

"No." Zhang Yu's eyebrows were slightly frowned, and her slender hand swayed freely. In an instant, a token engraved with countless luxurious feathers was exposed in the air of the room.

"This...this is?"

"Holy See order?" Looking at the token in front of him that was wrapped in pure white wings like a divine beast, Jasmine lost her voice.

The word Holy See represents the top forces under the countless continents of mankind.

Among them, Doudi Sifang Continent and Douyun Continent are branches of the Holy See. No one knows how strong the Holy See’s headquarters and overall strength are, but behind them are the support of the angel family, and their mission is to maintain the order of the entire human world.

Once the Holy See makes a move, the targets of attack and obliteration are almost all heinous demons or foreign evil races, and every time they make a move, it will bring about a change in the pattern.

Many powerful people in the Holy See are walking in the great world. Once they find some strong people or evil people who surpass human rules, they will all be classified as heretics, and they will be suppressed by the most primitive force.

Compared with the savior name of the angel family, they prefer humans to call them Terminators!

The terminator of life!

Once being targeted by the Holy See powerhouse, to a large extent indicates that he has been declared dead.

This is the Holy See.

A hegemonic organization that prides itself on paying a very high price for the peace and tranquility of mankind, even at the expense of a supreme crime!