Chapter Vol 4 1215: Corpse Stone Brahma Scorpion!

"Boom boom boom!" The rocks in the ninth floor, each of the same size, immediately moved quickly, and then around Xiao Yan and everyone, it seemed that something was slowly forming.

"quick!"

"Hold a group!" And looking at this scene, Luyin's little face also sank suddenly, and burst out!

Originally, Luyin was too lazy to care about the lives and deaths of others, but these guys are very strong. If they can help him defeat the guardians of the first few floors, it will undoubtedly reduce his pressure, so he speaks out.

"Shabu Shabu!" Hearing Luyin speak, a group of eight people immediately leaned back to back, but the rocks still didn't mean to stop.

"This fluctuation is so terrifying."

"And at this time, I am afraid that we have already fallen into the formation of the ninth-layer guardian, which is extremely unfavorable to us." Xiao Yan's eyes rolled quickly, trying to find the ninth-layer guardian, but he found nothing, because these There was a very special power on the rock, coupled with the speed, it actually interfered with the exploration of Xiao Yan's soul power.

"I should know who the guardian of the ninth floor is." When everyone was at a loss, Luyin's little face stared at the rock that was telling the rotation, but suddenly said.

"What is it?" Everyone heard the words and couldn't help but ask.

"Broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion." Luyin said slowly, but there was an inexplicable depression in her voice.

"Broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion?" A few people seemed to have never heard of this creature, so their faces were full of disbelief.

"The corpse-crushing stone Brahma Scorpion is a powerful soul beast. It basically grows in desert areas and likes humidity. It is rarely exposed to the scorching sun. However, this kind of soul beast is deadly."

"It carries quite violent toxins all over its body, even the poisonous scorpion hook on its tail, which is deadly."

"Their poisonous scorpion hook is smashing. Once hit, the deadly toxin spreads and there is no cure, hence the name."

"I once read in an ancient book that a Brahma scorpion whose strength is only in the late stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal can actually use the poisonous scorpion hook to forcefully obliterate the two-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse!" Xiao Yan said word by word.

The reason why Xiao Yan knew about it was because of Cailin. After all, this kind of creature became a vassal of the Medusa clan, whether in the Dou Qi Continent or the desert of Xuantian San, so Xiao Yan knew a little more or less. .

"Pimples." While the crowd was talking, a small gap suddenly opened up among the countless rotating rocks. In the gap, once dark brown creatures were looking at food, they were looking at food. look at them.

Corpse Stone Brahma Scorpion!

The body is dark brown, with a sturdy shell on top of the slender body. The bend of the body is actually filled with violent toxins, and even its tail, a poisonous scorpion hook tens of meters in size, slowly swinging !

"This guy... I'm afraid his strength is comparable to that of a human two-star Dou Xian perfection level!" With just such a glance, Razer gave an evaluation.

"This guy can't be reasoned with common sense."

"I will decipher the formation, and leave the rest to you." Xiao Yan said.

"Land monkey, Shuiyue, the two of you are on defense, and don't be contaminated by its toxins."

"Razer, let's do it, and the others don't move." The next moment, Yu Yifeng gave the order.

"Hoohoho!" The corpse corpse Brahma Scorpion stood on a rock, and then looked at the eight people below with interest, as if looking at the most delicious food.

"Huoyan!" After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly opened, and a fist shot at the broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion!

Above the fist, there is an extremely hot flame breath, which makes the temperature of this space surrounded by the rock formation suddenly increase a lot.

"Cuckoo." The corpse-crushing stone Brahma scorpion made a strange sound, and then the two scorpion claws swung abruptly. It turned out to be a dark brown energy beam that attacked Xiao Yan's flames.

"Shabu Shabu!" The fluctuations of the two just touched, and the sky was suddenly shocked.

The high temperature of the flame is the nemesis of the scorpion corpse, so this time the attack turned out to be evenly matched.

And after a short confrontation, the corpse stone Brahma also realized that these guys are not simple, and the figure was instantly hidden in the rock, with the help of the cover of the rock formation, trying to kill with one hit!

"This beast is so cunning!" Shuiyue couldn't help cursing after seeing the broken corpse Brahma scorpion that ran into the rock just after Xiao Yan's blow.

"Don't worry, this formation is simple." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling power in his body slowly poured into the Ni Gong Wan in his body, and then an extremely tyrannical core inscription slowly radiated out.

"This guy..." Originally, Yu Yifeng and Razer were going to make a move, but this guy instantly fell into the rock, making the two lose their target, so they had to stare blankly.

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Yu Yifeng and a few people surrounded Xiao Yan, waiting for Xiao Yan to crack the rock formation to force him out of his true body, a dark brown hook with a size of hundreds of feet suddenly burst into the rock. out!

too fast!

Without the slightest bit of defense, the poisonous scorpion suddenly shot away from the rock when the crowd was slightly slack, and shot away at the Jade Legacy Wind!

The poisonous scorpion hook is the essence of the corpse-crushing Brahma scorpion, which condenses its lifelong toxins and strength. If it is hit by this corpse-crushing Brahma scorpion two-star Brahma Scorpion's perfection level poisonous scorpion hook, I am afraid it will even be a strong three-star fighting fairy in the early stage. Whoever is, will also be sadly destined to fall!

"Little Leaf!" And the attack came so suddenly that everyone didn't notice it. When they noticed it, it was already too late.

"Damn it, miscalculation, this beast!" Xiao Yan condensed the core inscription in order to destroy the rock formation with one blow, but he neglected the wisdom and power of the corpse-crushing stone Brahma Scorpion.

"The Curtain of Light!"

"Crash!" At this critical moment Liu Qing, who was closest to Yu Xiaoye, moved.

Her slender arm was slightly raised, and then something like a scroll was instantly crushed, and a milky white light beam came down slowly.

Bathed in this milky white beam, whether it is the vindictive energy consumed, or even the soul, it is extremely nourished.

"It turned out to be the light-based defense fighting skill scroll at the top of the holy rank. This girl is really willing." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something.

"Xiao Yan, take advantage of it now!" He crushed the scroll of fighting skills to temporarily stop the attack of the corpse-crushing stone Brahma Scorpion, and immediately Liu Qing shouted at Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry, leave it to me."

"Beast, let's capture it." The next moment, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then the core inscriptions as many as 27,000 were not applied to him, but to the rock hidden by the broken corpse stone Brahma Scorpion. The formation whizzed away!

What followed was Xiao Yan's own power of fighting immortals as a fire attribute!

With a two-pronged approach, let the Brahma Scorpion's strength be tyrannical and cunning, I am afraid there is only one dead end!

At this time, after the originally proud corpse-crushing stone Brahma Scorpion was temporarily restricted from moving by Liu Qing's light-based defense fighting skill scroll, a shock emerged in his heart.

At this moment, it just realized that it is not easy to break into these guys on the ninth floor that it guards this time!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм