Chapter 99: Refining Consolidated Peiyuan Pill!

Looking at the fire-red medicine cauldron in front of him, Xiao Yan took a deep breath, opened his mouth, and a huge cloud of milky white flame was sprayed out. With a flick of his finger, the flame took a beautiful arc and broke into the medicine cauldron. Inside, it suddenly exploded.

The raging fire was constantly churning in the medicine cauldron, and the increasing temperature made the wooden house gradually feel a little hotter.

While the flames were rising, Xiao Yan waved his sleeve robe, and the medicinal herbs flew out of the Najie immediately. Immediately, they were suspended in the air in the wooden house under the package of a grudge, like a piece of radiating energy. The ray of light is generally a small group of light, and it looks quite gorgeous from below.

"Guben Peiyuan Dan. The first-order Tian-level pill of the emperor's grade has the magical effect of improving physical fitness, stimulating the potential of sleep in the body, and improving the amazing magical effect of cultivation talent. The materials required for refining are extremely cumbersome, and there are about 107 kinds. , Among them, the main materials are divided into five kinds, snow cream zhi, green wood fruit, dragon blood fairy vine, emperor-level dragon demon core and emperor-level or higher-level Warcraft blood essence, five kinds of materials, all of which are rare and rare. It is quite difficult to find things, but thanks to the fact that there are some materials in the ring of my master, and the magic core in the ruins, Xiao Yan has only one chance, and the refining method is quite For being particular and demanding..."

The refining method of Guben Peiyuan Dan slowly emerged in Xiao Yan's mind, and some key points were imprinted in his mind without missing a word.

It is the first time Xiao Yan has seen one hundred and seven refining materials that require such a large amount of medicinal herbs. Even in the previous assessment by the Alchemist Association, it was not so complicated. It can be seen that this solid foundation cultivates vitality. The difficulty of refining the pill is probably even higher than the previous transforming pill...

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Numerous thoughts flashed through my mind. After being expelled by Xiao Yan, he raised his head, sensed the temperature in the medicine cauldron, nodded slightly, and drew his fingers slightly, only to see the surging milky white flames burning in the medicine cauldron, and suddenly gradually weakened.

His eyes were fixed on the medicine cauldron. After a while, Xiao Yan moved his fingers, and a beam of light swept in, which immediately turned into a milky white ganoderma lucidum and landed in his hands.

As soon as this Ganoderma lucidum appeared, it was filled with a strong icy aura, and in this icy cold, a rather pure energy fluctuation could be faintly felt.

This is one of the main materials for refining Guben Peiyuan Dan, snow cream zhi, which is also quite difficult to form, at least in extremely cold places, it is possible to break through the ground in the land of ice and snow.

Xiao Yan gently rubbed the surface of the snow cream with his fingers. Feeling the slightly cold and pure energy contained in it, he let out a sigh of relief, flicked his fingers, and Xue Gaozhi turned into a red glow and was thrown into the medicine cauldron.

With the input of Xue Gaozhi, the milky-white flame that was dormant in the medicine cauldron suddenly surged up like a hungry wolf, swallowing one bite...

Just as the flames engulfed the snow cream Zhi, Xiao Yan flicked with his ten fingers, only to see the numerous light spots suspended in mid-air, immediately divided nearly ten, and put them all into the medicine cauldron end to end, without hesitation. Into the flames...

Xue Gaozhi is naturally cold, and it will die when it touches fire. If you want to quench the medicinal liquid in it, it must have other medicines to neutralize the coldness, and the medicine cauldron previously put into it. The medicinal herbs are the neutralizing things that have been prepared in advance...

With so many medicinal materials being refined at the same time, the requirements for soul power are quite strict, but it is fortunate that Xiao Yan now possesses such qualifications and strength.

The many medicinal materials that broke into the flames, in a few breaths of contact with the milky white fire, quickly withered, and finally turned into powder, and a drop of pure medicinal liquid was left behind. Under the subtle control of Xiao Yan's soul power. It blended slightly, and then evenly dripped onto the increasingly withered snow cream...

With the dripping of these medicinal liquids, the milky white on the snow cream began to slowly fade, and pieces of white powder skin fell off from it. In just a moment, the color of the snow cream became pale. stand up.

A few drops of pale white medicinal liquid spilled on the blood-red powder skin, and immediately, under the constant temperature around, the skin melted quietly. Waiting slowly.

Seeing the speed of the snow cream in the cauldron melting like a snail, Xiao Yan did not relax. With a flick of his finger, he began to refine the second medicinal material.

Multitasking with one mind, dividing the power of the soul into multiple parts to control the extraction of medicinal materials, this is the capital of Xiao Yan.

Inside the fiery red giant cauldron, the snow cream is slowly being melted by the strange fire.

Aokigo was just thrown into the cauldron, and the turbulent milky-white flame devoured it directly, but the strange thing was that the terrifying high temperature of the milky-white flame did not achieve much effect against Aokiguo.

"It really deserves to be a green tree fruit. The palm-sized fruit with its green body is actually harder than Xue Gaozhi!" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

The extraction of the green wood fruit lasted for an hour. After the outermost green skin peeled off, the golden-yellow fruit inside was revealed. Xiao Yan also knew that this was the hardest part of the green wood fruit. Increase the intensity of the flame The medicine tripod is divided into two parts of the world, snow cream zhi and green wood fruit are each wrapped in a flame and slowly melting.

And with the investment of Dragon Blood Immortal Vine, the tripod is also showing a three-legged situation.

The rarity of dragon blood fairy vine is slightly better than the first two. After all, the birth of this medicinal material is also extremely harsh, and it must be born in a place bathed in dragon blood.

As soon as the dragon blood vine entered the cauldron, it was surrounded by raging fire, and then Xiao Yan waved his hand, and several medicinal materials were also thrown into the cauldron. The power of the dragon blood vine is too domineering, it must be Neutralize it with other medicinal materials, otherwise the pill will be destroyed when it becomes a pill.

After doing all this, Xiao Yan also felt relieved when he saw the three-legged situation in the medicine cauldron, and with a wave of his palm, a **** demon core was thrown directly into the cauldron.

This is the dragon demon core obtained from the bloodthirsty dragon lizard. The demon core is not too skillful, it can be slowly melted and melted by the flame.

Seeing the success of the first step of refining, Xiao Yan also breathed a sigh of relief. With a wave of his palm, the flame enveloped it, slowly exuding warmth. The volume of the four flames gradually shrinks, and the medicinal materials in them are also slowly melting...

Refining medicinal pills itself is an extremely time-consuming task, and the more advanced the medicinal herbs are, the more precious the medicinal materials are, and the longer it takes.

After all, this is not an ordinary medicine pill, because Xiao Yan, the power of flame that combines twenty-three kinds of different fires, is so time-consuming to deal with this medicinal material.