Chapter Vol 4 977: conflict!

"It seems that there are not many things we need in this Taobao area." After wandering around for a while, Xiao Yi said helplessly.

"It seems that today's luck is not good." Xiao Yan also shook his head and said.

After speaking, he didn't stop, and walked towards the last place in the downtown area. If there was none here, I'm afraid this downtown area would be a waste of time.

Walking slowly, he found an old man sitting leisurely with his eyes blank, with his own booth in front of him, but Xiao Yan's eyes just saw the things on the old man's booth, and he was attracted at that time.

"Old man, how do you sell this thing?" He squatted down lightly, and did not touch the items on the booth for the first time, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slowly, and then put his eyes on the items on the booth and said.

"One emperor-rank second-grade Xuandan can be exchanged." The stall owner barely opened his sleepy eyes, glanced at Xiao Yan, and then spoke.

What caught Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi's eyes was an old man with white hair and even a white beard.

But Xiao Yan knew that no one who could set up a stall in the bustling market of Xuehe Town would be easy to provoke. The old man in front of him was very likely to be a strong man.

"An emperor-rank second-grade Xuandan??"

"Will it be a bit more expensive?" Xiao Yan said with some pain.

As a pharmacist, Xiao Yan naturally does not care about the value of this thing, but if he buys it directly, the old man will probably increase the price, so Xiao Yan wants to give the old man an illusion that this thing is worthless, and he is just Just buy it to play.

"Hey, boy, don't think I don't know the value of this thing."

"If I hadn't been able to decipher something that could be seen by ghosts and immortals in the ghost world, I'm afraid I wouldn't have taken it out." The old man seemed to realize that Xiao Yan seemed to have a strong interest in this, and immediately joked.

"Something that ghosts and immortals in the ghost world are interested in?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but glance at the broken metal below.

There was only one item on the old man's booth. The item was wrapped in a pile of tattered copper and iron. It looked like a mysterious stone the size of a fist.

"One emperor-rank first-grade Tiandan." Xiao Yan said lightly.

This thing looks bland, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's soul power to perceive another message, I'm afraid Xiao Yan wouldn't waste his time.

"Boy, I can't crack this thing, so I can't buy it and sell it."

"Since you are interested in this thing, there should be a way to crack it. I think you should know the value of this stone better than me."

"So my price will not be less." The old man retorted Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, senior, I just think this thing is related to me, so I want to auction it off."

"Furthermore, if I have the method to decipher it, who can say that there is such a good thing in this thing?"

"If it's a pile of broken copper and iron, then I have to pay a lot." Xiao Yan said with an unkind expression.

"What a boy with sharp teeth and a sharp mouth."

"But this thing is destined for you, so I'll sell it to you." The old man thought for a while and then said.

"Junior thanked my senior." Xiao Yan heard this, and was overjoyed in a hurry, and then his acceptance ring flashed, and a good-quality emperor-level medicinal pill was in his hand from junior high school.

"Hurry up with your things, I have to go back too." The old man said something, just about to take Xiao Yan's medicine pill, but was stopped by a fierce fight.

"Who!" the old man shouted angrily.

"Haha, old man."

"It's naturally a busy market here, so the one with the highest price must get it."

"I'm also very interested in this stone. Why don't you sell it to me at double the price?" The two figures also appeared slowly, and smiled at Xiao Yan, their smiles full of killing intent.

"Yo, even these two guys are here."

"Who are these two guys?"

"He looks so arrogant, this guy is Xiao Yan who is in the limelight at the Fenxiang Pavilion, don't they know?"

"What do you know, these two guys are the subordinates of the four great heavenly congregations in the Xuanling royal family today, and these two should be the fourth among the four heavenly congregations, the subordinates of Tianxing, Tianyu Tianyu."

"The subordinates of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor and the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor? This star is really scary enough."

"What's the matter, Tianxing is the weakest of the four heavens, and the other three are much more tyrannical than him..." There were intermittent voices from the crowd around him.

"Is there a four-day congregation of the Xuanling royal family?"

"I haven't gone to find you yet, but you have brought me here by yourself." Xiao Yan sensed the strength of these two guys and was not too surprised. In the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor and the late Seven Star Dou Emperor, Xiao Yan was not afraid now. .

"I have already sold this thing to this little brother, so you should go back and forth wherever you go." Bai Fa looked at the two members of the Xuanling royal family and ignored them, put away Xiao Yan's medicinal pill, and refused. road.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately put the stone away, and then looked at the two people beside him.

"Boy, I advise you not to provoke some enemies that you can't afford to provoke!" The two members of the Xuanling royal family spoke slowly, with great resentment in their voices, but more disdain.

In their Xuanling royal family, Xiao Yan is the first person to kill, but now seeing Xiao Yan's strength in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, it can't help but look small.

"Are the dogs of the Xuanling royal family so arrogant?"

"But since you guys dare to ask for trouble, if I don't respond a little bit, I'm afraid people will be despised." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

The smile just dissipated, and the figure suddenly moved like a ghost, while Xiao Yi, who was on the side, was about to make a move, but was stopped by Xiao Yan.

"Do it!" When Tianyu Tianyu saw this, Xiao Yan immediately started action and immediately did not bother to talk nonsense with him. After all, the task Tianxing gave them was to test the reality of Xiao Yan's strength.

And even though Tian Xing had told him not to confront Xiao Yan head-on, Tianyu Tianyu two were eager to make contributions, and when they saw that Xiao Yan's strength was only in the early stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Emperor, they couldn't help but feel proud.

"Xuantian Hand!"

"Mysterious Yellow Palm!" Tianyu Tianyu directly stimulated the huge energy of life in their bodies, and a terrifying wave attacked directly towards Xiao Yan who was whistling.

"Small trick of carving insects." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile, then lightly tapped his toes, deftly avoiding the attack of the two, and then drove directly in front of the two, clenching his fists, facing the hungry chest of the two, suddenly Blast!

"Bang bang bang!" Following Xiao Yan's place, Tianyu Tianyu took several dozen steps back, and there were traces of blood on the corners of their mouths.

"..." The audience was silent. Who would have thought that a guy in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor would actually defeat a middle-stage Seven-Star Dou Emperor and a late-stage Seven-Star Dou Emperor with one blow!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If you want to get ahead, let your masters come, otherwise, the two of you will be no different from dying." Xiao Yan repelled the two Xuanling royals with a single blow, and said with a slight smile, his voice full of arrogance.

"This guy really has two brushes." And the white-haired old man who sold things to Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.