Chapter Vol 4 2155: Are you Xiao Yan? Dramatic ending! ...

The overwhelming attack of the demon emperor was like a flood of turbulent currents, mercilessly impacting the ocean of light, trying to kill Mila.

The domineering demonic energy slammed into the ocean of light. Whether it was demonic energy or a bright halo, it swayed wildly, forming energy ripples that destroyed all things, overflowing everywhere.

That kind of monstrous momentum is appalling!

"Let's do it too!"

Xiao Yan looked at the two who were evenly matched, and immediately understood the severe situation the Demon Emperor was facing right now.

Although the seven white wings are not the limit for today's demon emperor, the demon emperor has not regained his peak power. This is the most important thing.

"You guard here."

With a big wave of the Soul Eater Lord, he set up several spooky ghost defenses in Du, before he and Xiao Yan crossed the energy barrier one after another, entered the reincarnation barrier, and officially participated in the battle.

"This is the power of reincarnation, and the pressure is extremely strong for you. After all, neither of them is ordinary reincarnation."

Just after entering the reincarnation formation, Xiao Yan's entire body seemed to be falling apart, his bones were humming, and his teeth were creaking non-stop.

"Wong buzzing."

The eerie soul-devouring talisman left the soul-devouring master, and went to face Xiao Yan. With the protection of this thing, Xiao Yan's pressure was greatly reduced. It's more or less a mess to come in.

"If the demon emperor returns to his peak, I am afraid that even in the kingdom of angels, only a few blazing angels can handle him."

"This time, it's a fierce battle."

The Lord of Soul Eater was also under a lot of pressure. A spooky ghost knife and a blood-colored bell emerged from behind him, which actually evaporated the sacred aura within dozens of meters around their bodies!

The strength of the Master of Soul Eater, I am afraid it is also a triple reincarnation now!

Although I am afraid that it is based on the three evil soldiers, it is a rather inferior power of reincarnation, but with the three evil soldiers, I am afraid that ordinary four-level rank will not be an opponent!

"Teacher, I'll try this broken artifact, the Ancient Ruler."

Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, watching the attack of the two who were close at hand intensifying, fierce eyes appeared in his eyes, and said solemnly.

"Okay, I will protect the law for you."

The Lord of Soul Eater nodded, and now he can only pin his hopes on Xiao Yan and the Demon Emperor.

For the two of them, the demon emperor controls the power of the divine path and can ignore the aura of the power of light, and the power of Xiao Yan's clan pattern can also be ignored. If it is replaced by himself, the ghostly energy will attack the holy angel, and the power will be greatly weakened.

"Lord Angel, that's Xiao Yan!"

"He is the incarnation of the devil!"

"The Son of Light in this term was killed by him, the soul of slaughter vanished, and the Son of Light's divine pattern was scattered, all of which were caused by him!"

Seeing Xiao Yan and the Soul Eater join the battle, Miphael suddenly roared at the angel Mira above the bright ocean.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Xiao Yan??"

"Xiao Yan???"

The seven-winged angel Mira suddenly opened her light-colored eyes, and stopped the display of the angel's holy power. A circle of light and aura dizzy, like a meteor, streaked across the sky, suppressing the demon emperor's body.

"Boom boom boom!"

The power of the golden divine path gathered in the hands of the demon emperor, and he suddenly slammed away. In the entire space, a monstrous divine aura exploded, accompanied by a series of light and holy Brahma sounds, which even affected the demon emperor's attitude towards The operation and display of the demon power in the body!

"Crack!"

The seven-winged angel Mila did not hesitate at all, there was a certain floating look in her light-colored eyes, and she swept away directly at Xiao Yan's position with a sudden trembling.

At the same time, Mira, who has always been calm in Gubo's mind, had a startled thought emerge in her heart!

"Devouring the Great World!"

The Lord of Soul Eater could not have imagined that Mira had actually changed the target of the attack. Looking at the angel Mira, who came directly with the might of thunder, he couldn't help but let out a low roar. Countless ghostly resentful spirits emerged. Almost half the area of ​​the world is wrapped up!

The ghostly energy is rolling, and it contains a special power that devours all things!

"Get the **** out of here!"

Mira didn't have the mind to waste time with the Master of Soul Eater. The slender jade hand suddenly swung hard, and the Master of Soul Eater was instantly shot and flew hundreds of meters away.

"Damn!"

"Soul Destroyer!"

"Blood River Bell!"

Looking at this scene, the Lord of Soul Eater was standing up, a drop of blood gushing out, and at the same time dripping on the two evil soldiers, endless evil brilliance emerged, and there was an extremely gloomy coercion faintly!

"You... are you Xiao Yan?"

Mila came to Xiao Yan's side, looked at Xiao Yan with a solemn expression on his palm touching the ancient ruler, and couldn't help muttering in a low voice.

"So what?"

In close contact with a peerless powerhouse of this level, the countless powers in Xiao Yan's body instantly solidified, and he couldn't make any response. If it wasn't for the last trace of power in Xiao Yan's body to maintain, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would have been crushed by this angel's coercion already. mind.

"Have you rescued a little girl?"

Hearing Xiao Yan's admission, Mila asked, her red lips clenched slightly, unable to express her nervousness.

"Doudi Continent once rescued one, seems to be called Qing Yuan?"

Xiao Yan wondered why this angel would ask such a boring topic, and immediately opened the mouth and said, the power in his body also began to squirm faintly and was about to explode.

"Demon Emperor, do it!"

In an instant, seeing Mira's appearance like this, the bodies of the Soul Eater and the Demon Emperor turned into streams of light and burst out, both of them containing the might of the sky!

"Dong, dong, dong!"

At this moment, the seven angel wings behind Mira disappeared, the terrifying angelic pressure was instantly cleared, and a beautiful smile like a young girl emerged from the two small dimples.

"The word fate in the world is really interesting."

After doing all this, Mira couldn't help shaking her head and said with a very bright smile.

"what's the situation?"

Feeling that Angel Mira's divine awe-inspiring fighting intent disappeared in an instant, the Demon Emperor and Soul Eater looked at each other at the same time, their bodies froze abruptly in the air, their faces blank.

It seems that after this angel simply asked Xiao Yan a few words, the fighting spirit completely disappeared?

"How is this going?"

The angel's coercion was instantly lifted, and Xiao Yan seemed to be nothing, so he couldn't help asking the figure in front of him.

"Sir, what are you doing?"

"The Demon Emperor is the murderer who destroyed the Holy See branch, Xiao Yan is the incarnation of the devil, the Son of Light is..."

Miffel was stunned for a while, and lost his voice when he saw the sudden scene in front of him.

"Let's end this farce like this."

"Miffel, I will personally bring the Son of Light back to the Kingdom of Angels for the investigation."

"Your Majesty the Demon Emperor, and the Lord of Soul Eater, Xiao Yan, all of you, calm down like this."

"The Holy See branch of Douyun Continent will be personally unified by Archbishop Miller in the future After the mess is cleaned up, the entire branch will leave here completely."

Mira casually spoke to the top officials of the Holy See below. The holy voice was so high that it was irresistible!

"For... why?"

The Pope looked at Mira in disbelief, not knowing why until he died.

"no need to thank me."

"If you want to thank yourself, thank yourself."

"An unintentional move has ushered in a new era."

"If you didn't do that, I'm afraid all of you today would have fallen here completely."

"Because of him... the savior of the Queen of Angels."

While speaking, Mila's body trembled, and pieces of pure white feathers fell down, repairing this space full of holes.

And her expression is also extremely crazy. After the breath, the Pope with a look of astonishment, and the dying Liu Hao who was forcibly taken out by the Holy See and others forcibly took out the **** pattern of the Son of Light, his body submerged in the ocean of light at the same time. , slowly disappeared here, apparently heading towards the kingdom of angels.

But what awaits them may not be a good thing.

After a while, Gu Xingtian and others below came to their senses for a long time. The dry feeling at the corners of their mouths made them understand that they have not fallen, they are still alive.

Even bathed in the breath of light left by Mira, the bloodstains on the skin, the weak power in the body was greatly replenished for a while? ?

"The crisis in Doudi Continent has come to an end."

A bitter smile appeared in the hearts of all the remaining powerhouses in this world, but the eyes of countless people were staring at Xiao Yan with a wry smile, and their expressions were hard to add.