Chapter Vol 4 1172: Black-faced tiger, scarred wolf!

"Hehe... idiots like Ghost King City."

"Don't talk about Yinhuntian, even the entire Lihunyu realm, in the eyes of our ghost kingdom, is nothing but insignificant..."

"When our king completes his plan, I'm afraid the entire ghost world will be in the possession of our ghost kingdom."

"Calculate the time, Hunhao should be here soon. Since you guys from Ghost King City are not giving up, let's play with you."

"Our ghost king city has been silent for too long, it's time for you guys to know how powerful we are..."

"Susu." A man in a black robe on a hill slowly let out a strange smile, and after speaking, his speed slowed down, as if he were walking very leisurely.

"These guys..." After a while, Xiao Yan quietly stood on a small hill at the North Gate. The huge soul power made Xiao Yan aware that there were still many tyrannical strengths hidden in this hill.

Among these forces, the three of the Yu family are the most powerful. In the early stage of Yugan's three-star fighting immortal, plus two strong men whose strength has reached the late two-star fighting immortal stage, such a lineup can be said to be able to walk sideways in the ghost king city.

"If the figure in the north gate is the real body of the mysterious man, this guy must be too arrogant..." Xiao Yan didn't think about anything else for the time being, but only focused on the figure on the hill.

At this time, on the small hill, a mysterious man in a black robe walked slowly forward without plague or fire. Looking at his appearance, he didn't look like a powerhouse with such a treasure as immortal leaves at all.

"If ordinary people got the undead leaves, I'm afraid they would only leave cautiously, but this mysterious person is good, but he left blatantly, and looking at the appearance, it seems that the speed is so slow and there is not much worry..."

"If it doesn't have enough background, I'm afraid there is a backhand." Xiao Yan said slowly, hiding his figure, but he didn't mean to take action. After all, no one of the hidden powerhouses here can handle it, so naturally Is ready to sit on the mountain to watch the tiger fight.

"City Lord, what are we doing now?" On the other side of the small hill, Death Wind led dozens of people to hide in secret, Bai He couldn't help asking.

"This guy walked out of the North Gate with ease. If he is allowed to walk around and leaves the management scope of our Ghost King City, I am afraid it will be detrimental to us."

"But don't worry, I believe someone is more anxious than us." The next moment, Dead Wind laughed.

And as the voice of the dead wind just fell, some secret strength suddenly started to move.

"Yugan, what's the matter now?" Behind a rock, Yugan and the head of the two madmen couldn't help looking at each other.

"I can't wait any longer. If we let him walk like this and go out of the sphere of influence of our Ghost King City, it will be troublesome."

"Do it!" The next moment, Yu Gan's eyes shot out a chill, and he said.

This immortal leaf is related to the immortal fire of the holy flame, and it must be obtained no matter what!

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as the voice fell, the three figures of Yugan suddenly flashed out, showing a triangular shape, surrounding the mysterious man.

"I can't help it anymore..." Seeing this, the mysterious man didn't seem to have any fear, and his voice was even full of jokes.

"Hand over the undead leaves."

"Happy to you." Yu Gan stared viciously at the mysterious man, opened his mouth slightly, with the pressure of a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse in his voice, but what made him puzzled was that he didn't seem to have the slightest bit about this mysterious man. usefulness.

But what makes Yugan feel strange is that even his own strength in the early stage of the Three-Star Battle of Immortals cannot see through the specific strength of this mysterious person!

There are only two possibilities for this situation. One is that this mysterious person is much stronger than himself, and the other is that there is some treasure on this guy that isolates him from his investigation. The situation of this mysterious person is obviously the second.

"One is in the early stage of the three-star Dou Xian, and the other is in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian..."

"Strong is strong, but if you want to stop me, it will not be enough." The mysterious man said with a slight smile.

"Black-faced tiger, scarred wolf, do it!" After Yu Gan finished speaking, silver thunder flashed all over his body, and it was vaguely that the hills became restless.

The black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf are the two leaders of the current mad demon group, and they are also the strengths of the late two-star fighting immortals. The former has the fire attribute, and the latter has the wood attribute.

"If you want to capture me with just this little strength, your Yinhuntian powerhouses are too imaginative." The mysterious man snorted coldly, and then there seemed to be some terrifying fluctuations slowly brewing in the black robe.

"Tiger Claws!"

"Wolf Punch!" The black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf looked at each other, and immediately on their palms, fiery red and cyan grudges appeared, and they suddenly attacked the mysterious man.

With such a terrifying attack, even a two-star fighting immortal powerhouse would be seriously injured in an instant!

"Shabu Shabu!" The black-faced tiger's claws seemed simple, but it contained an extremely large fire attribute fighting immortal power. Just as he walked away from the mysterious person, the surrounding space was filled with dryness.

And the wolf pounce of the scarred wolf is full of vitality, but the attack is extremely terrifying as if it kills the vitality.

"Small worm-carving trick!" After the mysterious man finished speaking, a huge pitch-black chain suddenly strung out under the black robe, and then in the eyes of many hidden powerhouses, it directly penetrated the attacks of the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf. .

"Take your life!" Just after breaking the attack of the two, the mysterious man didn't stop at all, and his figure suddenly burst out with a more powerful attack along with the dark chain ~, directly facing the two. Attack away.

"Retreat!" The black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf are worthy of being strong men who have cooperated for many years. Just by seeing each other, you know that the dark chain in the hands of this mysterious person is definitely not simple.

"These two wastes!" Seeing this, Yu Gan, who was brewing his ultimate move, couldn't help cursing.

After all, the two of you are also strong in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and you would be forced to look like this by a guy.

But what Yu Gan didn't know was that although the strength of this mysterious man was only two-star Douxian Perfection, the most terrifying thing was the dark chain in his hand!

Above the pitch-black chains, there are countless mysterious runes that are quite subtle, and those runes are like poison. Caused the two to be distracted, so this is the reason why the two black-faced tigers were attacked by mysterious people and retreated.

"Chains?"

"Soul clan?" And Xiao Yan just saw the dark chain used by the mysterious man, and a heavy feeling filled his heart!

Considering that Xiao Yan had fought countless battles with the Soul Clan when he was on the Dou Qi Continent, he could naturally know at a glance that the attacking tactics used by this mysterious man in front of him seemed to be exactly the same as those of the Soul Clan, and even this guy at the moment. , is several times stronger than any Soul Clan powerhouse he has dealt with in the past!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

End of this chapter