Chapter 635: Enter Luoling Mountain

After a night of silence, when the first rays of sunlight scattered in the morning, the incense pavilion suddenly became lively!

"Hey, have you heard that this time the team competition is different from the previous one."

"Have you seen your mission?"

"What is your mission?"

Many whispers continued to sound on the huge square below Burning Heaven Territory.

"Cough, cough." The next moment, looking at the crowd of people on the square, Mu Xuzi's figure slowly appeared.

"It looks like this mission is about to begin." Xiao Yan and the others also came here early. It happened that the little witch Lingxuan was very punctual today.

"Quiet, I will guide you through the space teleportation array to the place of this trial."

"Remember the four words of team and safety." Mu Xuziye didn't say more, said a few words slowly, and then waved his pale palm, and suddenly, a huge white light suddenly appeared in the sky where Fen Tianyu was fooled. door.

"It's really a huge handwriting." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something. Obviously, Xiao Yan's eyesight naturally discovered this huge space teleportation formation. This huge formation, Xiao Yan only needs to know at a glance that it is from Zhu Lao. hand!

Such a magnificent handwriting, I am afraid that only Zhu Lao can construct it.

"The first pair of Red Nightmare-level teams will come first." Mu Xuzi's oppressive voice echoed throughout the square, and then many disciples quieted down, because they all knew that the team competition was really starting at this time!

"Shabu!" The next moment, Mu Xuzi's voice just fell, and suddenly five figures suddenly appeared, then crossed the sky and jumped directly in front of Mu Xuzi.

Of the five people, only four were wearing capes and buckets on their heads, which covered Zhu Zhu's appearance, but even so, Ling Xuan, who was side by side with Xiao Yan, still said, "It's actually Senior Brother Wang Chen..."

"The strength of these people is very strong." The next moment, Mu Feng slowly spoke to the people in the sky, with a rare solemnity in his voice.

Today's Mu Feng, although his strength is only in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, but with the mysterious exercises in his body, I am afraid that he has the power to fight with the real five-star Dou Emperor perfection powerhouse, but only when facing the five people above the sky. , a sense of powerlessness spread all over the body.

"Don't worry." Xiao Yan felt Mu Feng's abnormality, and immediately helped him slowly with big hands, and a gentle force came out.

"Lingxuan, do you know who these people are?" After Xiao Yan finished all this, he turned his head and said to Lingxuan.

Since this time, there are only disciples from the Earth Palace and the Human Palace, these people are so powerful, I am afraid they will only be the talented disciples in the Earth Palace.

"If there is no accident, these people should be the most powerful people in our hall."

"Second Senior Brother, Third Senior Brother, Fourth Senior Brother and Fifth Senior Brother who fought with you before."

"But I have to remind you that you are the weakest among the five senior brothers who fought with you before." Ling Xuan hesitated for a while, but said.

Originally, with Lingxuan's character, she would definitely not do these things, but since she joined Xiao Yan and the others in the Hall of People, she had heard some bad words when she returned to the Hall last night. .

Therefore, with the character of this little witch, she naturally wants to break out into the world to open the eyes of the people in these temples!

"Then there's another person?" Xiao Yan had no doubts about Lingxuan's words, because except for Wang Chen who didn't cover his face, the auras of the other four were much stronger than Wang Chen, and there was even one person. The aura of , faintly made Xiao Yan feel an unpredictable feeling.

This is a very rare thing. After all, the current Xiao Yan, whether it is soul power or spiritual power, has skyrocketed a lot than before. This situation only shows that the strength of that person is too strong.

"Palace Master Wood, we can go now." Wang Chen said.

"Let's go, I hope you have good luck this time." Mu Xuzi said slowly, and then his palms changed rapidly, a strange energy suddenly emerged, and then Wang Chen and the five suddenly leaped into the space teleportation formation among!

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, Mu Xuzi's palm changed rapidly and fell instantly, and then the space teleportation formation suddenly burst into a bright light, and then the five Wang Chen disappeared instantly.

"The next team." After doing all this, Mu Xuzi opened his mouth.

"Where did those people go just now?" Some of the first people in the square couldn't help but exit, obviously puzzled.

"Don't worry, everyone, this space teleportation formation was set up by our Fenxiang Pavilion alone to receive our disciples for trials. As long as you go there, someone will naturally pick you up." Mu Xuzi saw that there was some confusion in the field. Immediately he opened his mouth slightly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I see." After seeing this, many disciples felt relieved.

"This time, a total of ten teams of red nightmare-level characters were selected, and now the next team!"

"Xiao Yan, it's up to you." Seeing that everyone calmed down, Mu Xuzi opened his mouth.

"Ten pairs..." Xiao Yan smiled, but he was not at all surprised by the number of these ten pairs. After all, this is the Burning Incense Pavilion, a place where many geniuses are born, so it is not surprising.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan glanced at the few people around him, and then spoke slowly.

When the four of them saw this, they jumped suddenly and came to Mu Xuzi's side in an instant.

"Vice Palace Master." Several people said politely.

"Enter from here and relax."

"The space teleportation formation will not cause any burden on you, but if you insist on resisting, there will be some dangers." Mu Xuzi said kindly, Mu Xuzi was quite satisfied with Xiao Yan and the others, not only It's strength, it's heart.

After all, as Mu Xuzi, but for many years, I haven't seen Zhu Lao, who has always been high-handed and low-handed, praise others.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and couldn't help but glance down, only to see the crowd of ants waiting for the participating teams, and immediately gave a wry smile.

"Also, remember to keep the wooden sign on UU reading www.uukanshu.com. As for the task on the red scroll, there is not only one." , the hand prints are changing!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan was stunned for a moment. Just as he was about to ask what was going on, the light of the teleportation formation around his body instantly flashed!

"What does Mu Xuzi's last words mean?" Xiao Yan thought blankly.

"Shabu Shabu!" The light around the five people was shining brightly, a burst of dazzling white light, mixed with indescribable terrifying power, constantly surrounded Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan only felt that his body and even his soul were moving.

"Don't make useless struggles, this space teleportation formation should be made by the old Zhu you said. If it is too strong, don't waste your time, otherwise it will damage your spiritual strength." Just as Xiao Yan was preparing When investigating the secret of the power of the space teleportation formation, Xinyan suddenly spoke.

"Okay." Xiao Yan said helplessly, but Xiao Yan discovered the situation of the four around him.

Green Flute and Mu Feng are fine, but something keeps appearing on Lingxuan's body. Obviously, there is some precious treasure on her body. As for Mu Yingying, her eyes are slightly closed, but the blue flames around her body are involuntarily The appearance is obviously to protect the Lord.

"Forget it, it should be here." Xiao Yan didn't bother to pay attention to this, and after a few breaths passed, his eyes lit up, he slowly opened his eyes, and found that this place was very different from the previous place!

Ask for tickets!