Chapter 54: 7 Heaven's Favorites vs 6 Guardians!

The crowd in the hall suddenly burst into a monstrous atmosphere, approaching the six figures above the stone steps.

"The opportunity has been given to you, but you don't cherish it yourself."

"In that case..."

"Then die!"

Even in the face of the monstrous weather that erupted from the many powerhouses under the main hall, the white-robed eyes remained unmoved. He still stared at the skeleton on the throne as always, and said calmly, as if he was telling a story. an ordinary thing.

Everyone was stunned when they heard it. The six figures in front of them didn't move just to give them a chance to exit the hall, but they gave up.

But everyone was not discouraged at all. Opportunities and dangers coexist. Everyone present knows this. Next, there is the real battle.

But the six guardians in front of them, the strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Di can not be easily defeated.

"Everyone, since everyone has entered this hall, the immortal-level fighting skills and treasures are in front of you. If you have any braids in your heart, you should put them away. Everything is about defeating these guardians!"

"And I believe that you have also felt their strength. The strength of the peak of the Samsung Doudi is unmatched by anyone present!"

Wu Huan also saw many strong men in the hall, saying that if the current situation is hidden, it is very likely that he will die at the hands of the guardians!

These six guardians are the peak strength of the three-star Dou Emperor, and they still haven't regained their strength. Once they regain their strength, if the four-star Dou Emperor or stronger, not one of the people present will be able to escape!

As soon as the voice of the man dressed in white fell, the six burly figures under him also roared away at the crowd in the hall!

"Pfft!"

A moment has appeared in front of everyone.

"kill!"

"These guardians have just woken up and haven't regained their peak strength. This is our great opportunity!" Feng Yi has also been using his soul power to perceive since just now, and only then did he know this!

The real strength of the six guardians in front of them should be more than the peak of the Samsung Dou Di, no wonder it makes people feel a little weak, so it is! Many powerhouses in the hall were relieved when they heard what Feng Yi said.

Just as the people in front of them were talking, the figures of the six guardians spread out, clenched their fists, and attacked the seven heroes of heaven in the hall!

There was a terrifying strong wind on the dry fist, and the seven heroes in front of the field saw this, and hurriedly defended with luck all over their body!

"Spread apart!"

"The two of us deal with a guardian, first defeat the one who is going to support the others, and leave the rest to the other strong men in the hall!"

Wu Huan also said slowly. After the short-term relief just now, he also knew that even if they were fighting alone, even the Heaven's Chosen of their seven major cities would not be able to deal with a guardian. The strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Di was still so tyrannical. , so there is a roar of martial arts.

"No, I can deal with one alone, and I also really want to test the strength of this guardian." A gray-robed humane said, with a strong desire in his voice, like a thirsty person in the desert who suddenly saw water generally.

"That's what it means!" A burly figure also laughed, seeing the powerful aura slowly emitting from his body, which is strange to say, that aura is not emanating from fighting qi, but from which burly muscle Spread out!

There was no lack of discerning people present to see that one of these two people was Wang Zhong, the proud son of the Sword King City, and the other was Sun Ming, a berserker who was blessed by nature. Both of them had such capital!

Wang Zhong fights against a guardian!

Sun Ming fights against a guardian!

Shenxu and Wuhuan face off against a guardian

Feng Yi and Yaomei battle a guardian!

Liu Yin and Xiao Yan, Yueru fights against a guardian!

The strong men in other halls deal with the last guardian!

Xiao Yan was also helpless. Originally, he wanted to fish in troubled waters, but unexpectedly, he was caught by these heavenly people. Now they are grasshoppers on a rope, and this kind of thing cannot be avoided.

Yueru followed Xiao Yan and the others to fight against a guardian!

Although Xiao Yan and the others have three strong men to deal with a guardian, it seems that Liu Yin is in the middle stage of the three-star Dou Emperor, Yueru is also in the middle of the three-star Dou Emperor, and Xiao Yan himself is only the peak of the early Samsung Dou Emperor, although he is far from the three-star Dou Emperor. Mid-term is just one step away...

"Boom boom boom!"

With the clear division of labor among the many powerhouses in the hall, in the originally quiet venue, with a bang, thousands of different colors of grudge erupted suddenly, dazzling, followed by muffled sounds. It was reported that the figures in the field flashed rapidly, all of them were quickly surrounded by their target guardians in the main hall!

Inside the main hall, looking at the scene where the battle broke out almost from the very beginning, one after another fierce fighting spirit training can be seen everywhere,

After the division of labor was clarified, everyone dispersed and attacked the guardians!

Behind Xiao Yan, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Heng pointed slightly obliquely.

A green-haired girl and Xiaohan with an ice-blue hair slowly exuding a terrifying cold aura were also standing beside Xiao Yan and them. Although it was unclear why Xiao Yan could make someone as strong as Wu Huan care about them, Liu Yin was not sure why. However, I clearly remember that Xiao Yan has a small beast whose strength is comparable to that of a three-star Dou Di, and his strength and bloodline are stronger than even Xiaohan who has some Bingfeng bloodline!

And Liu Yin also doesn't know why Yueru in Qingcheng, a mere three-star Dou Di in the mid-term, can also be ranked in the favor of heaven like herself!

But now is not the time to think about it The top priority is to get rid of the guardian, and other things will wait until it is over. Then Liu Yin also stared at the guardian in front of her, and then looked at Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan and Yueru were standing on the edge of the hall, and they were also facing Liu Yin's guardian.

Yueru's body exuded cyan fighting energy, and something slowly glowed on her forehead. Xiao Yan's whole body exudes red Dou Qi, and then a milky white flame is attached to Dou Qi, which looks very terrifying!

Two powerful breaths slowly wrapped the two of them, and two extremely powerful breaths permeated out of their bodies.

At this time, the two of them did not break into the chaotic field in the main hall. They know that this extremely chaotic atmosphere will not last long. As long as the people present defeat a guardian, and they each unite their people, the chaos in the field will gradually fall into a situation where several strong coexist.

Under the restraint at that time, the chaos will weaken a lot. Once they free up their hands, then these guardians will...

Then it's time for them to really fight.

However, there is another possibility that if the Guardians defeat even any of their teams, their situation will become even more unfavorable!

Everyone present knew that a guardian of the peak of the three-star Dou Di was enough to change the situation on the entire battlefield.

"What should we do now?"

The green-haired girl bit Bei's lips lightly and said, she felt a strong killing intent from the guardian in front of her!

"What else can I do?"

"Let's fight."

Xiao Yan also shrugged helplessly, and attacked the guardian in front of him first!

​​