Chapter Vol 4 1197: Put the long line and catch the big fish!

"I see how you deal with my blood-devouring monument!"

"Suppress me!" Seeing that the holy flame easily penetrated all the defenses and the source of evil of the sinner, the other defenses of the sinner were useless in front of Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan immediately sneered.

No matter how powerful this Sin Guard Yixing Douxian was in the late stage, and how evil the source of evil on his body was, he was still no match for the power of the holy flame on Xiao Yan, not to mention the power of two holy flames.

Unless the king of the evil race from outside the realm comes, and there is still some prestige for Sheng Yan, otherwise this trace of evil origin is not worth mentioning in the eyes of Sheng Yan.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, the azure stone tablet did not stop at all, and directly covered the entire body of the sinner with an extremely tyrannical force of imprisonment!

"Ah, ah, ah!" Completely enveloped by the blue stone tablet, the crime guard suddenly let out a rather painful scream.

Because the cyan stone tablet had just enveloped him, a **** aura spread all over his body, and the tyrannical force of imprisonment directly suppressed the power in his body.

The sin guard was suppressed by him, and the dark knight instantly turned into a wisp of black smoke and dissipated away.

"Boom!"

"Weng Om!" As the criminal guards were completely suppressed, the Forbidden Realm that enveloped the three of Shuiyue also slowly retreated.

"Xiao Yan's little brother is very good." Shuiyue just recovered, and immediately cast a burst of admiration at Xiao Yan.

In their line of work, they walk on the edge of life and death all year round. Of course, they don't look at their age, they only look at their strength. As long as they have enough strength, they are worthy of respect.

"How to deal with this guy?" Liu Qing stepped forward slightly and asked.

"I think they should not act alone, there should be other accomplices."

"And according to my guess, they should have followed us for a long time, or use him as a bait to lure their accomplices out of the nest?" Xiao Yan made a bold proposal.

"Little brother is right."

"I agree." Shuiyue said with a smile. Obviously, in the situation just now, ordinary people would have been scared to pee. This Xiao Yan's actions just now won Shuiyue's trust and respect.

Moreover, the mysterious force of "sin" has never been alone in every action. Since it is targeted by them, there is no need to be soft-hearted. It must be a nest to avoid future troubles. Otherwise, once they escape anyone, what is waiting for them is Dark revenge.

"I agree too." Yu Xiaoye had no choice but to say.

Xiao Yan had just rescued them, so Xiao Yan was not so heinous in Yu Xiaoye's heart at this time.

"But how to determine their manpower and strength?"

"After all, Captain Yu is not here, and our main force is not there. If the enemy we attract is too strong, I'm afraid..." At this time, Liu Qing said, feeling a little worried.

Xiao Yan's strength has been seen with their own eyes. Although it is only in the early stage of the one-star Dou Xian, he is not afraid of the late stage of the one-star Dou Xian. With the addition of the water and moon in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, as long as you don't encounter a powerhouse at the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, it is estimated that no problem.

"Have you forgotten my identity..." Xiao Yan suddenly laughed when he heard this.

"Alchemist?" As Xiao Yan's laughter fell, the three of them said in unison.

Apparently, he was shocked by Xiao Yan's fighting tactics just now, and no one even remembered Xiao Yan's identity.

In terms of combat, the first stage of One Star Dou Xian is no less than the powerhouse in the later stage of One Star Dou Xian, and even in terms of refining technology, he is a third-rank emperor-level refining medicine. Among them, just one kind of identity is enough to make Xiao Xiao. Yan is proud of the heroes, the two identities are superimposed, this Xiao Yan can be said to be the real arrogance!

There is no doubt that a pharmacist can not only refine many magical medicines, but his powerful soul power is also the best way to sense danger and even ask for information!

The strong earth attribute can indeed judge the risk factor based on the land, so that they can choose the route, but after all, the distance is limited, and it is quite troublesome.

But the pharmacist is different. Once the huge soul perception power is released, it is clear what danger is there. Even the soul exploration of the pharmacist is the best way to ask for information.

All these things have just established the extraordinary status of a pharmacist.

"Help me protect the Dharma, I'll find out by checking his memory." Xiao Yan first used his soul power to check that there was no such thing as this guy in the vicinity before he said to the three of Shuiyue.

"Okay, little brother, don't worry, your safety is covered by me." Shuiyue said with oath.

"Damn boy!"

"What do you want?"

"I tell you, I am a "sin" person. If you dare to do anything to me, our forces will never forgive you!"

"With your strength, it's not worthy for us to carry our shoes!" The crime guard watched Xiao Yan come towards him with bad intentions, and couldn't help but feel a trace of fear in his heart.

The bluish-yellow flame just now was clearly the fluctuation of two holy flames. Although it was a little weak, the guard was sure, and the other three people of Shuiyue naturally didn't notice it.

"It's alright, relax." Xiao Yan gently came to the guard's side, looked at the figure in the cyan stone tablet filled with blood, and couldn't help saying.

This spirit-devouring blood tablet really lives up to its reputation. It has the power of blood and imprisonment. As long as it is feigned by other means, it is mainly based on sealing fighting skills. Once it is hit by the blue stone tablet, it will be completely suppressed!

Suppression is not only the suppression of strength, but even the mind and body, the whole body is suppressed and bound, and this is the most terrifying part of the seal fighting technique.

"You dare to offend our "criminal", you must not die!" Seeing this, the criminal guard saw that he had nowhere to go, and immediately roared, and then his eyes glowed with determination, and the fighting spirit in his body suddenly became surging up.

"No, he wants to blow himself up!" Liu Qing on the side was the first to speak.

"It would be too whimsical to want to explode in front of my emperor-rank third-grade pharmacist." Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head, and then his eyes narrowed, and the dazzling soul power directly pulled out, facing the suppressed criminal guard's body. And go.

"Guru." With a sound, the surging vindictive aura in the Guilty Guard's body suddenly became quiet, and even the pupils were filled with a deep taste, and Xiao Yan on the side looked exactly the same.

"This is..." Although Yu Xiaoye was the eldest lady of the Yu family, it was the first time she faced this situation and couldn't help asking.

"Shhhhh, don't make a noise to disturb him."

"This is the unique soul detection of their alchemist. They can use their own soul power to detect other people's memories." Shuiyue whispered softly.

"This guy is so strong."

"I don't know if I will meet him in the ratio of Dongzhou." Liu Qing said slightly, and when the words fell, the three of them were also vigilant at the edge of the altar.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's soul power was extremely huge, instantly pouring into the body of the criminal guard, and then following the limbs and bones, directly facing the center of his brain.

If you want to explore memory, the brain center is the most complete place for memory.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

End of this chapter