Chapter Vol 4 1730: Crazy, last resort!

"The feeling of winning." Fang Hao joked, looking at Xiao Yan whose eyes were sluggish.

"It's too early to say this now." After a while, the dark liquid was condensing, and the black-patterned holy garment was completely formed behind Xiao Yan like a cloak. Above, is the endless power of darkness, the power of darkness, full of evil, shocking the soul.

"Then let you see, what is the real Eight Star Fighting Immortal!"

"Thunder!" Seeing Xiao Yan's dazzling smile, Fang Hao waved his arms, and the ground in the desert hinterland suddenly changed violently. In an instant, the power of thunder, like thunder snakes, surrounded his body, like a real The judge of Xiao Yan is watching Xiao Yan, and once Xiao Yan has any changes, he will make a final judgment.

Being stared at by such a strong person, coupled with the spread of the terrifying fluctuations, a sense of unease spread from Xiao Yan's body, but fortunately, the isolation of the black-patterned holy clothes did not affect Xiao Yan much.

"It's this situation again."

"Remember the last time, it was a girl who sacrificed for me." Xiao Yan touched his heart through the black-patterned holy robe, and said softly, with a rare calmness and relief in his voice.

But the strange thing is that at this time, the Shengyan Heart that Mu Yingying transformed into did not have any violent fluctuations, but was extremely quiet, just like a very quiet wife, no matter what her husband did, she would be unreserved. support and encourage him.

"Do you also believe that I will succeed..." After a while, Xiao Yan said to himself, regardless of how dazzling Fang Hao's attack was.

"Weng buzzing!" At this moment, his heart was beating violently, and he responded fiercely to Xiao Yan, as if he was talking about her unreserved support and trust.

"It's nice to meet you, but I won't die until I resurrect you."

"So... let's start!" After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's pupils became deep, and a burst of self-confidence from the depths of his soul burst out, like a god.

"What the **** is this guy doing?" Fang Hao was naturally brewing an extremely tyrannical attack, but seeing Xiao Yan's strange behavior, he became vigilant. Yan exists as one at the same time, and it is the guy who was named and guarded by the Lord of Li Soul, so it is worth Fang Hao's serious treatment.

"Thunder Soul Seal!" Seeing Xiao Yan so strangely standing in the middle of the desert, motionless, and even a strange breath permeated, Fang Hao didn't hesitate, the silver thunder was attached to his palm like the setting sun, and immediately A huge white net shrouded his body densely, sharp claws appeared in the white net of thunder, and the piercing sound of thunder resounded for nine days!

If such a terrifying attack fell on Xiao Yan, he would be seriously injured if he did not die!

"Since you want me to see the real Eight Star Fighting Immortal, then in return, I will also let you see what the real Saint Flame Controller is!"

"Fire!" A voice containing crazy fluctuations penetrated the sky and scattered directly into the desert.

"what happened?"

"A strong and violent flame slowly emerged..." Fang Hao, who had displayed a terrifying offensive, saw this, his expression stunned, he did not attack rashly, and stared at Xiao Yan.

With the blessing of the dark clothes, Xiao Yan's fighting qi has reached the early stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals. His dark pupils are staring at Fang Hao, and he can perceive the huge thunder net and thunder claws around Fang Hao. After a short while, Xiao Yan suddenly decided something, and his slender, pale hands slowly stretched out from under the shroud of the dark cloak.

"This guy... what the **** is he doing?" Although the Heisha Longlang was evenly matched to deal with the two Eight-star Fighting Immortals, seeing Xiao Yan's strange behavior, he couldn't help but wonder.

Xiao Yan's hands were like ordinary women's. They were just good-looking and had no power. However, this strange behavior made the strong people present feel that something was wrong.

"Fire Heart Tianyan!"

"Sheng Yanjing!" He ignored Fang Hao's hesitation. Since he wanted to see it, let him be optimistic.

As soon as the voice fell, the khaki flame jumped like a elf on the left and right hands. A prismatic holy flame crystal, containing supreme divine power, emerged together, even after the appearance of this khaki flame, in the entire desert. There was a strong sense of heaviness, and the void was burned and illusory.

"Holy Yan..." Fang Hao couldn't help licking his dry face when he looked at Xiao Yan under such a move!

The holy flame is the supreme sacred object in the world. Once they win this battle, Fang Hao will also have a holy flame. When he thinks of this, Fang Hao can't stop laughing gloomily.

"This time, fortunately, there is strength to turn the tide."

"So... Fire Heart Tianyan, fuse!" He ignored the others. At this time, Xiao Yan seemed to be silent in his own world, slowly merging the khaki flame and the holy flame crystal. At that time, the power of holy flame would completely disappear. Out loud, this is the strongest power of Sheng Yan.

"Ghost face and soul flame, come out for me!" The next moment, without any hesitation, his hands trembled, and the khaki flame that roared like a fierce beast instantly fell off the palm of his hand and attached to Xiao Yan. Flame crystals are emerging.

"How could... it's actually a ghost face and soul flame?" Looking at the cyan flame and cyan holy flame crystal on Xiao Yan's palm, Fang Hao's expression finally became greedy. The ghost face soul flame was undoubtedly more attractive to them than many other things. .

"Fuse me!" With a cold snort, the cyan flame and the holy flame crystals were merging, and they were also suspended in Xiao Yan's body. It was just the power that filled it, even Fang Hao's expression changed.

"Immortal Fire!" Without any hesitation, his expression was extremely solemn. The gray flame and Saint Flame Crystal appeared in the sky, and they were the same fusion, and immediately attached to Xiao Yan's body.

The fusion of holy flame and holy flame crystal is the strongest posture of holy flame.

Today, the khaki, cyan, and gray flames have turned into three fiery beasts of the size of a hundred meters, violently shaking Xiao Yan's body The power revealed invisibly turned the void into a Twisted, as if it would be completely burned into nothingness at any time.

"Three holy flames, I have to say, you are the strongest person I have ever seen, but it's a pity it's over." Seeing Xiao Yan's arrogant attitude, Fang Hao didn't dare to take it lightly, the dazzling thunder giant net and thunder giant claws became more and more Bright, faintly revealing an extremely tyrannical Xeon fluctuation.

"Huhu...it's not enough." Xiao Yan roared as he saw the sacred aura that burst out from the three holy flames.

"Gululu." Following Xiao Yan's roar, a pool of azure-blue liquid slowly flowed out from the heart, and finally turned into a group of azure-blue flaming beasts that were violently burning and shaking, rapidly spinning around Xiao Yan's body, However, this azure blue holy flame, the holy flame crystal was stored by Xiao Yan. After all, this thing is very important. Once the holy flame crystal is merged by Xiao Yan, I am afraid that Mu Yingying will never have the light of day.

Four holy flames!

"It's incredible... four holy flames."

"It seems that the Lord of Li Soul has missed the point." Seeing Xiao Yan's strong posture, Fang Hao's body was covered with mysterious silver lines, and with the appearance of this thing, Fang Hao's whole body appeared The thunder giant net and thunder giant claws were actually filled with extremely obscure lines. Obviously, Xiao Yan, who now has four holy flames, has already made Fang Hao feel a huge oppression.

"What the **** is this guy doing?" Hundreds of elites around the desert hinterland below felt a chill in their hearts. They knew that they were now surrounded by four holy flames, and even possessed the initial strength of Eight Star Dou Xian in a short period of time. Xiao Yan has the supreme power to obliterate all of them!

At this moment, Xiao Yan is like the ruler of heaven and earth, the world is pale, if the four holy flames are spread out by him, I am afraid that the power of the gods is mighty and no one can match!