Chapter Vol 4 1383: Tricky Phantom Emperor!

In the dark space, the dark blue energy light group, the emerald green energy beam and the khaki flame, the three colors fill the entire dark space, and the entire dark space and the cemetery space are particularly dazzling.

In the cemetery in the center of the dark space, a shadowy figure bathed in a silver thunder halo slowly appeared. As time passed, the silver thunderbolt on this shadowy figure became brighter and brighter. Obviously, the power of the Thunder Emperor's scepter was constantly flowing. After coming out, although the strength is still the perfect two-star fighting fairy, but after constantly mastering the Lei Di scepter, even the foreign evil race facing the four-star fighting fairy seems to have the power to fight.

"Boom boom boom." The violent thunder continued to emit bursts of low blasting sounds, spreading out from the endless void in the thunder tomb, like the wrath of a heavenly earthquake, blasting at the outer dark space, such a terrifying attack, Even a true Samsung Fighting Immortal powerhouse can only dodge temporarily.

In the thunder, the whole body is silver, but there are traces of rare tyrannical fluctuations hidden in it. Every time it spreads to the three, the pressure of the three suddenly increases greatly.

"It seems that Qi Fei still needs a lot of time." Xiao Yan is dealing with the three ghosts and illusions while protecting Du Qifei, but fortunately, the power of thunder in Du Qifei is constantly surging, not only perfecting himself The protection of Xiao Yan even shared a lot of pressure on Xiao Yan.

"My lord, there are some strange fluctuations on this girl. It seems that it is not only the fluctuation of Lei Hong's Lei Di scepter?" After a while, Huan Zun suddenly stared at Duo Qifei, and obviously found the special lines flickering between the eyebrows. If it weren't for this power, I'm afraid that a mere Thunder Emperor's scepter would not be able to make all three of them so afraid.

"That's..." Youhuan heard the words and focused all his attention on Duo Qifei, only then did he discover that hidden fears were constantly emerging from his body.

"Reincarnation?" The next moment, You Huan's eyes also throbbed, and she couldn't help but murmur.

"Reincarnation?"

"How could it be the power of reincarnation?" You Zun said with disbelief when he heard the words. You must know that the identity of reincarnation is extremely hidden, and there are many strong guards around him.

"It's no wonder that Sin and Soul Palace have to send out strong men together... So it is." Huan Zun also nodded slightly, obviously knowing something.

"Reincarnator... Saint Flame Controller is adding Emperor Lei Hong. It seems that we have gained a lot this time."

"The two of you, go and kill her, the master of holy flame, give it to me." The next moment, Youhuan said directly.

"Okay." The two of them heard the words, and instantly turned into a wave of evil, constantly under the shroud of darkness, pressing against Du Qifei step by step.

"Damn." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help shouting loudly. Obviously, his top priority now was to protect Du Qifei.

"Your strength is only a complete two-star fighting immortal, and you can actually stop our attack. It seems that you also have some mysterious power in your body..." Youhuan and Xiao Yan were in the dark space, and suddenly Youhuan was not in a hurry. He started, his eyes locked tightly on Xiao Yan, who was shrouded in eerie ghosts, and murmured.

"The sense of smell is good...but unfortunately, this is the place where you all fell." Xiao Yan snorted coldly, not wanting to talk nonsense with him at all.

"It doesn't matter, although the power on your body is tyrannical, it won't protect you for long..."

"Take the call!"

"Ming Ze!" A disgusting and evil voice slowly filled the entire dark space. Suddenly, one of the phantom pupils, the azure pupils continued to overflow with wisps of azure energy. Under the watchful eyes, it is easy to completely render this piece of heaven and earth!

"There are too many strong men above Dongzhou. Because of my status, I will not take action. I can only protect you from harm. The real attack is still up to you!"

"The Youhuan clan masters extremely profound pupil techniques, and the Youhuan eyes are two powers, the dark green is slightly weaker, and the emerald green is the strongest... Be careful." At the same time, the Lord of Soul Eater also released a force. A tyrannical ghost energy protected Xiao Yan before he spoke.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, but the insensitive soul force knew that the dark space here at this time had been destroyed by Youhuan into a dark blue swamp that contained evil power. Under the evil power of extreme fear, if you are a little careless, you will know his way.

"Gulugulu!" In the dark blue swamp area, Xiao Yan's figure floated slightly in the air, but he still felt an extremely tyrannical pressure and suction constantly emerging from below, and even above the ground, one by one huge bubbles kept coming. emerge.

"Master of the holy flame... It is your honor to die in my hands."

"Ming Ze's Burial!" The next moment, the ghostly shadow kept shaking, the cyan light in the pupils shone brightly, and a suffocating evil aura permeated out.

"Weng Om!" Originally, this space had been transformed into a dark blue swamp by the ghost, and was so stimulated by it, suddenly above the dark blue swamp, a stream of dark blue blood with a shocking evil atmosphere kept squirming and condensing. out.

"Crash!" The next moment, it turned out to be in front of Xiao Yan, forming a heaven-shattering evil shadow with a size of hundreds of meters!

The evil shadow is suspended above the azure swamp, constantly drawing evil power from the swamp, and its body is a lizard with strange pupils!

"Sacred Flame!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's heart burst out with special throbbing. Obviously, this kind of fluctuation is too tyrannical for his current self.

"Boom boom boom..." Xiao Yan murmured, holding the khaki-yellow holy flame crystal in his hand tightly, and an extremely terrifying oppression permeated.

"Huang Quantian's anger!" An angry roar emerged directly from Xiao Yan's body, and then the dazzling soul power suddenly shot away at the evil shadow.

"The ashes of ants are also trying to win glory with Haoyue."

"Beyond one's own strength!" The ghostly evil body exuded a sneer Obviously, Xiao Yan's attack was too weak, and it was inevitable that he would fall.

"Crash!" The dazzling soul power directly attacked the evil shadow, but it did not bring any energy ripples.

"Hoohoho!" Being struck by Xiao Yan like this, Xie Ying's anger suddenly aroused, and a roar ripped through the void.

"Dragon God's first change!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not dare to neglect, a dazzling power emerged, and that body was also nourished by such a mysterious power, turning a hint of golden looming, and Xiao Yan's body strength was also Enough to be comparable to some real Samsung Fighting Immortals.

"A good body forging technique..."

"It's a pity!"

"Die!" There was an impatient voice in the ghostly pupils, and in the dark shadow, the **** hand of nothingness swiped at Xiao Yan, and suddenly a force of destruction accompanied the evil shadow, facing Xiao Yan. Fire attacked away.

"Good luck with a punch..."

"Two punches..."

"Three punches!"

"as well as……"

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" Xiao Yan's voice resounded through the sky, and then his body was full of vindictive energy and holy flames, and a dazzling light erupted, forcibly attacking the evil shadow. ...

​​

First set a small goal, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: