Chapter Vol 4 1230: The 23rd floor is here!

"one two three four……"

"Nine-tiered spiritual palace?" The Soul Eater also slowly scolded, and then he couldn't help but speak.

The Spirit Palace is divided into nine layers, and each layer corresponds to the nine levels of soul power in the fairyland!

But to the Lord of Soul Eater's surprise, it was the first time that he condensed nine layers!

The Lord of Soul Eater can be said to be a peerless genius in the entire Soul Eater Domain, but even a genius like him only condensed eight layers of spiritual palaces at the beginning!

The number of layers of the spiritual palace where the soul of the fairyland is condensed will undoubtedly limit the limit that his soul power can reach in the future.

Although the Lord of Soul Eater originally condensed the eight-layered spiritual palace, no matter what, he couldn't take that last step, and he couldn't even set foot in the 'Spiritual Travel' realm.

And at this moment, Xiao Yan actually sketched out the ninth-floor spiritual palace, which undoubtedly proves that this guy's potential in the future will be even more terrifying than himself...

Xiao Yan had just finished condensing the ninth floor of the spiritual palace, when two strands of soul power suddenly poured into the spiritual palace, filling the first floor of the spiritual palace in a short time!

The ninth floor of the Spirit Palace is impressively symbolic of the nine levels of the fairyland soul, and Xiao Yan's first floor is so dazzling now, which is impressive proof that this guy has not only broken through the fairyland soul, but has even reached the early peak of the fairyland 'virtual' level!

This can make the Lord of Soul Eater feel ashamed.

"Huhu." After a while, Xiao Yan sat on the ground with his buttocks on his back, gasping for breath. Obviously, the seemingly simple action just now consumed too much of Xiao Yan's soul power.

"Wonderland's early peak of the 'Void' level, not bad." And the Lord of Soul Eater also laughed at this time.

"Hehe." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also smiled happily. Now that his soul power has reached the fairyland, his own pharmacist and other ranks have also broken through the fairy rank naturally, and the rest is only a matter of time and medicinal materials.

The soul of the fairyland, the alchemist of the fairy rank, if any of these identities are released, I am afraid that it will attract the tyrannical forces.

"okay."

"You need to adjust your breath first, there are some private matters to deal with."

"And your ground dragon blood crystal body forging technique and the devouring of the fighting soul also need to be in the right place to get twice the result with half the effort." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he looked at the bottom layer of Icefire Island.

"Yes." Hearing this, Xiao Yan suppressed the joy in his heart, and then slowly recovered his fighting spirit and soul strength.

The third floor of Ice and Fire Island.

"Grumbling."

"No, you must go and see what the **** the guy on the eighth floor is up to!"

"Only the guy with the power of holy flame can relieve my pain. Even if he pays any price, the deity is willing... After all, this kind of inhuman pain is too torturous." The villain on the third floor slowly said a word.

This third floor was different from what Xiao Yan had encountered before. The place where the wicked were imprisoned was a huge mountain range. In the caves at the top of the mountain range, the sound of chains resounded, and then a black gas slowly penetrated. After passing the third floor, he quickly moved towards the space where Xiao Yan was on the eighth floor!

"Yep?"

"What?" And the wicked people on the third floor were sealed and imprisoned, so naturally they couldn't leave easily, but at their level, they could naturally disperse a bit of strength to leave their bodies, so as to go to the eighth floor instead of themselves to find out. At best, it will still pass through the guardian space of each floor.

The black energy released by the third-layer wicked just passed through the third-layer guardian space, and was immediately discovered by the third-layer guardian.

The guardian space on the third floor is a thousand incomparably vast sea of ​​flowers!

In the sea of ​​​​flowers, the fragrance is fragrant, and all kinds of flowers are budding, but the seemingly harmless flowers are filled with a deadly threat.

"Earth Monkey, don't waste your time." In the third-layer guardian space, a rather soft voice sounded slowly, and then a silver beam of light directly wrapped around the black!

However, after the silver light wrapped around the black qi, the aura above the black qi suddenly became weak.

"Golden Feather and Bichandie, don't go too far!" And so weakened by the silver light, the dying ape's black gas couldn't help roaring.

"Humph!"

"This third floor is under the jurisdiction of this king, how can you be arrogant?" Jin Yu Bi Chandie did not show up, but a pleasant voice kept echoing in the sea of ​​flowers.

"If it weren't for the deity being trapped by the seal and unable to come, I'm afraid you would have already fallen into my hands." The voice of the earth monkey came from the black air.

"Earth Monkey, if it weren't for your power of fighting spirit, I'm afraid your human body would have been sealed and wiped out." Jin Yu Bi Chandie said slightly.

"In that case..."

"Crash!" The next moment, above the black air, a phantom of a giant appeared, and then suddenly ran away from the third-layer guardian space.

"Where are you running!" Seeing this, Jin Yu Bi Chan Die still didn't show up, but with a random blow, the black qi was about to dissipate.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It was a miscalculation, but he still managed to run out a little bit of strength... It seems that something happened to the three-eyed ghost pupil on the eighth floor."

"It's just that I don't know if the aura of holy flame that just appeared is true or false..." A grudge slowly came out, and then the voice of the golden feather and Bichandie became quiet, and the third floor became calm again.

At their level, it is hard to have anything to motivate them. All they need to do is meditate and cultivate, trying to reach the top of the peak.

But as the third floor regained its calm, so did the second floor.

"Dark Demon, what do you want to do!" In the guardian space on the second floor, a giant figure suddenly stood up, and then shouted at the evil aura in front of him.

"Blue-eyed Huan Lin Jiao, you and I have been fighting here for thousands of years, what do you mean?"

"I noticed today that someone entered the Ice and Fire Island, and the aura of the human being has a lot of familiarity with me..." The wicked aura on the second floor said slowly.

"You belong to human beings, but your heart is dark, even I am not ashamed of you."

"If you want to leave my guardian space, you can just defeat me." Qing-Eyed Phantom Lin Jiao didn't talk nonsense with the Dark Demon directly.

At this time, this second-layer guardian space is a huge mountain that stands tall. The mountain is independent of the sky. A huge dragon with silver unicorn pieces on its body is looking down and staring fiercely. Facing the black air mass in front of him.

The Jiaolong's name is Qingyan Huanlin Jiao, and it is also a notorious existence in the Soul Beast Realm. Even this Jiaolong exudes a sacred aura of cyan. In that pupil, there is an extremely deep cyan that slowly exudes estimates.

"If something happens today, I won't accompany you to play." And the dark demons also know that this method of dispersing the breath of the main body is a lot of consumption for their wicked, not to mention the power scattered from the main body, how could it be Guardian's opponent.

"Break me!" The next moment, the dark demon's voice slowly emanated from the black air mass.

"Boom boom boom!" This sudden explosion caused a tinge of disgust in the azure pupils of the azure phantom Lin Jiao, and then the Jiao tail suddenly stepped on and left the mountain.

It's not that the Blue-eyed Magic Lin Jiao is afraid, but this extremely evil fluctuation makes the Blue-eyed Magic Lin Jiao quite annoying.

"Hey, that's very good." Seeing the evil aura emanating from the explosion stunned the Blue-Eyed Phantom Lin Jiao away, the Dark Demon laughed, but the Blue-Eyes Phantom Lin Jiao didn't find it, and there was a very weak breath at the center of the explosion. , slowly towards the outer layer of the Ice and Fire Island.

At this moment, the evil spirits on the second and third floors all had their own purposes and went towards the eighth floor where Xiao Yan was, but the first floor of Icefire Island was surprisingly quiet.