Chapter 482: The 8-star Doudi blew himself up successfully!

"It's over..." A rare smile appeared on the corner of Fan Yu's mouth, and then he looked at the sky, the terrifying power in the purple moon was constantly being swallowed up by the black hole around him!

"Strange, why does Fanyu's space power have a strange black gas emerging?"

"Could it be my illusion?" The green snake, who was being chased by the mysterious demon, was slightly surprised.

Obviously, although the blue-and-white snake's powerful strike was broken by Fanyu, the careful green snake still found a trace of black energy from the silver-white space power!

This black air is definitely not something that ordinary people can possess!

Because this black energy gives the green snake the feeling that it is like the sea, as deep and unfathomable as the abyss!

"Blue and white snake, cheer up!" The purple giant snake at the foot of the blue and white snake immediately shouted!

The Blue and White Snake's current rank five nine-star Dou Di's strength, in the entire Medusa, except for some old monsters, is probably enough to rank in the top two!

If these blue and white snakes are defeated, then the situation of the Medusa family today will be doomed!

"Don't worry, I'm fine."

"But one thing is certain now."

"The woman has to be dealt with first." Blue and White Snake is worthy of being the leader of the most elite troops of the Medusa clan, even if the offensive was at a disadvantage just now, but it recovered in an instant!

Because the blue and white snake knows that he cannot fail!

Once I fail, I am afraid that the situation of the entire Medusa family will also...

"I have to say, you are very strong now, but how long can you last?"

"I see the breath of the other four of you, I'm afraid you don't even have a one-star Dou Emperor now, right?" The blue-and-white snake wiped the blood on the corner of his mouth and smiled.

A nasty chill emerges!

"Xiao Zi, you go and kill other people, this Fanyu I will hold him!" The blue and white snake snorted coldly.

"As expected of the captain of the Medusa Snake Guard."

"You're right, but you forgot one thing!"

"Do it, medicine core!" After Fan Yu finished speaking, his breath soared, and then with the power of destruction, he shot directly at the blue and white snake!

"All right!"

"The death of the soul!" After the core said, his eyes suddenly opened, and then an invisible terrifying wave instantly turned into a ripple and spread!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying soul fluctuations, accompanied by a deafening sound, suddenly spread around the medicine core!

"Ahhh!" The blue-and-white snake was constantly entangled by Fanyu, so the defense against the core was naturally much less.

At this time, the soul attack launched by the medicine core directly and forcibly attacked the blue and white snake and its separated Xiao Zi!

"Ding dong." The blue and white snake and the purple giant snake suddenly slowed down, and then there was a flash of panic in those pupils!

"Go to hell!" Seeing this, Fan Yu understood that this was a good opportunity not to be missed, and immediately snorted coldly, and then the pure white palm slowly lifted up, and the battle qi that contained the power of black and white life and death suddenly appeared all over the body. !

The reason to protect the core is because of the core's soul attack and the secret method of transferring power!

Transfer the power, transfer the power of the six of them, except the power of Yaoxin himself and Xuanmo, to Fanyu in an instant, so that Fanyu's strength skyrockets in a short time, so that he can deal with the blue and white snake!

As for the soul attack, most of the Medusa clan, apart from those ancient alien beasts that swallowed the sky python, have no means of guarding against the power of the soul!

And from the beginning, Yaoxin knew that although this blue-and-white snake was as powerful as a rank five nine-star Dou Di, it had no means to resist the attack of the soul, so it took a risk, but fortunately it was a success!

After the core has done all this, the slender eyelashes are constantly beating. Obviously, the two things she just completed have consumed a lot of her!

"Go to hell!" The power of black and white life and death emerged around Fan Yu, and a spatial fluctuation containing death was slowly born!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying power of black and white swept across the sky like a meteor, and was just about to slam on the delicate body of the blue and white snake!

The purple giant snake on the side broke through, exuding a strange purple grudge, and then broke free from the shackles of the soul attack in an instant, suddenly slammed into the huge body, and took over the black and white!

"Boom boom boom!" Sparks splashed, and black and white colors appeared in the sky. I saw the blue and white snake and the purple giant snake in the core area of ​​the explosion, and then a huge purple giant snake fell to the ground!

The afterglow of the battle has been spreading, and it has spread to King Xuanling and the others in an instant!

"damn it!"

"The strength of this seven-colored swallowing python must have been the peak of the rank nine nine-star Dou Di, and it is only one step away from the half-immortal, but it has just appeared, the strength of this seven-colored swallowing python is at the level of the seventh rank at most. , the strength of this colorful swallowing python is getting more and more terrifying..."

"Now, its terrifying strength has returned to the level of an eighth-rank nine-star Dou Emperor. Although it is just a remnant of a soul, it is really terrifying!" Xuan Ming said slightly, but his heart was extremely depressed.

"The key point is the little **** it." Ye Mo broke through and found something, and then spoke slowly.

King Xuanling, Ye Mo and Xuanming, the three nine-star fighting emperor-level powerhouses, were actually made like this by this little girl and the remnant soul of the colorful swallowing python. It would be quite embarrassing to pass it back.

"It seems that their battle has ended. The strength of the Blue and White Snake's Fifth Rank Nine Star Dou Di is under the suppression of Yaoxin's soul. I am afraid that the third rank will not be able to play, so it is already over." Xuanling King said. He glanced over at the place where the medicine core and the others were, and found that a shocking wave was spreading rapidly, and he spoke immediately.

"In this case, we can't fall behind, otherwise it will be unfavorable for us to drag on!" After the Xuanling King finished speaking, his breath came out, and then he directly attacked the colorful swallowing python!

"The reason why the seven-colored swallowing python has been able to keep Fan Zeng's strength all the time should be related to the little **** its back." Ye Mo heard the words and narrowed his eyes slightly, and then his figure moved strangely. Under the cover of the attack of the Spirit King and Xuan Ming, they moved towards the body of the seven-colored swallowing python!

"Colorful Sky Swallowing Python, are you okay?" Qingyan, who was standing on the Colorful Sky Swallowing Python, spoke slowly. Obviously, this is the first time Qingyan has participated in a battle His hands and feet can't help but tremble slightly!

Just now, the Xuanling King clearly walked towards her. If it wasn't for this colorful swallowing python being very human and willing to use his body to resist Qingyan, Qingyan would have been a corpse at this time. Qing Yan was also quite moved by this.

Looking at the seven huge bodies of different colors on the Seven-Colored Swallowing Python, one of them had already eroded, and in Qingyan's pupils, a crystal tear dripped down Qingyan's pretty face. !

As the tears fell, a green light suddenly burst out of Qingyan's square diamond pupil!

The green light shot up into the sky, as if an ancient sleeping **** of war had awakened, and a terrifying aura emerged instantly!

"Listen...my call."

"She can't die!" Qing Yanbei's lips moved slightly, with a stubborn voice!

The next moment, a huge light containing the power of seven-color terror crossed the sky in an instant, fell directly from the sky, and instantly came to the seven-color swallowing python!

With the injection of this seven-colored light, the eroded part of the seven-colored swallowing python was suddenly repaired, and a larger aura suddenly appeared!

"Damn, it's still a step late..." Ye Mo's heart trembled when he saw this, and then his fists clenched slightly, because he knew that the next thing was the real battle of life and death!

"Nine-turn Nine-Star Dou Di?" There was also a hint of solemnity in King Xuanling's pupils, and then looking at the seven-colored swallowing python exuding extremely bright seven-color power, a chill was born instantly.

"Brumbling!" The colorful swallowing python suddenly drank at Qingyan, and a very cheerful voice entered Qingyan's mind.

"You're fine." Qing Yan smiled slightly, and then the square diamond-shaped pupil disappeared instantly, replaced by eyes that were indistinguishable from ordinary humans.