Chapter Vol 4 1060: Kill the mysterious demon

"Mu Yingying?" The mysterious demon was shot hundreds of meters away by this sudden mysterious powerhouse, and even the countless dark red ants around him disappeared without a trace under the cold, piercing power of the mysterious man!

"Squeak." After Xiao Yan finished using the **** of the sky, his body energy was nearly withered. After all, it was almost impossible to resist the strong nine-star Dou Emperor in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, so the consumption of Dou Qi was extremely huge.

After using the power, the body descended uncontrollably and rapidly, Xiao Yan's body suddenly burst out with a trace of black energy. This power belonged to the Soul Devouring Talisman, but when looking at the blue sky that was swept towards Xiao Yan in the sky The figure, the power of the Soul Eater Talisman is also directly withdrawn.

"I thought I was going to take a shot, how do I know that this guy's little lover is stronger than the other." Soul Eater felt the blue figure swept by Xiao Yan, and couldn't help but said, because the bite Soul Talisman knows that this girl's current strength is a real strong immortal fighting.

"Pfft." Xiao Yan's body was taken over by Mu Yingying who came over without a trace of his body falling.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan opened his pupils with some difficulty, but what caught his eyes was Mu Yingying, who was wrapped in azure flames and looked at him coldly. If Xiao Yan hadn't clearly remembered Mu Yingying's face, he would have been frightened. Broken.

At this time, Mu Yingying, who was hugging her, was just two people before.

If the Mu Yingying in the past was a slender lady, then now the azure Mu Yingying is an invincible queen in the ice and snow, noble and arrogant!

"Humph!"

"A big man, he actually asked her to save you."

"However, the mere ability of the seven-star Dou Emperor in the middle stage dares to challenge the strong nine-star Dou Emperor. I like it." And the azure Mu Yingying squinted at Xiao Yan in her arms and finished softly.

"Since this guy has revenge against you, then I will avenge you!" The next moment, the blue and blue Mu Yingying's complexion was still extremely dull. After speaking, a trace of blue flames wrapped Xiao Yan, and then the voice faded away. Go directly to the mysterious demon.

"Damn it!" When Xuanmo saw this scene, he couldn't help roaring.

The ghost knows what this Mu Yingying has done, and her strength has soared from the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor to the middle stage of the One Star Dou Xian!

"What's going on here?" When several high-level officials of Fenxiang Pavilion saw this, they couldn't help but say.

"The power of holy flames all have guardians. Although they are converted human beings, the spirit of holy flames, the so-called guardians, should still exist in her body..."

"You didn't realize that since Mu Yingying's strength has skyrocketed, she has used azure blue flames. The mysterious power of that flame is undoubtedly the power of holy flame, and this girl's character and even aura have changed tremendously. changes." Zhu Jin shook his head and said.

"It seems now that Xiao Yan really has a chance to leave here." After White Fang finished speaking, his hanging heart slowly let go.

"Damn?"

"Another Immortal Fighter?" At this time, Ye Mo, who was surrounded by Long Yi, couldn't help but say.

"This guy should be the holy flame with Yan Chi." Yao Xin also said with an extremely ugly face.

What they wanted to capture was just one Xiao Yan, but they didn't expect to involve a Dou Emperor Peak and two Dou Immortal powerhouses. With such a huge formation, I'm afraid they won't be able to capture Xiao Yan today.

"Deputy head, what should I do now?" Yaoxin said while looking at the mysterious demon who was escaping everywhere, chased by Mu Yingying.

"Do it!!"

"That fire elf and this silver dragon won't last long."

"At all costs!" After Ye Mo finished speaking, the last round of terrifying offensive came out.

"Friends from afar, you have to hurry up, the fire elves and I can't last long." Long Yi looked into the distance and said, and then the huge dragon scales resisted.

However, Long Yi's situation was not easy either. The silver dragon scales on his body were burned and damaged to varying degrees. Obviously, the strength of Ye Mo's eight people still caused a lot of pressure on him.

"Another Immortal Fighter?"

"Holy flame..."

"Fire Elf, Yuanyuan won't waste time with you, let's end the sanctions!" And after seeing Mu Yingying's real strength, Qin Tian stopped hiding and launched a frantic attack on Xiao Yi.

"Damn..."

"If this goes on like this, within three minutes, I will definitely lose..." And Xiao Yi also gritted her teeth and supported her hard!

"I heard that you almost let her fall?" Azure Mu Yingying swept her figure and came to Xuanmo's side.

At that time, traces of ice flowers with azure flames kept coming out around Xuanmo, making the evil aura on Xuanmo unable to help weaken.

"So what?" The mysterious demon also roared directly. Although this Mu Yingying didn't know why his strength had skyrocketed, it was probably too early to kill him.

"I was sleeping before, and I didn't know many things."

"But now I know, so I can only ask you to die." Upon seeing this, the blue-colored Mu Yingying didn't have any apology, her beautiful eyes moved slightly, and a sinister smile appeared on the corner of her mouth.

"Not good!" At the same time, the temperature in this world suddenly dropped a lot, and blue ice flowers fell from the sky.

Mysterious Demon's palm just touched the blue ice flower, and suddenly a cold force that was about to freeze blood appeared all over the body!

"Run!" Xuan Mo's first thought came directly, and then he didn't dare to stay too long, his speed skyrocketed, and he burst into the distance.

"Since you have done something wrong, you should pay it back with your life. Don't you humans say that?" Azure Mu Yingying showed a rather innocent expression, and then bit her jade finger slightly at the corner of her mouth.

"Crash!" Before Xuanmo could run 100 meters, he was madly gathered by the blue ice flowers and turned into a solid ice sculpture.

After doing all this, azure Mu Yingying, with the help of Binghua, came directly to Xuanmo's side, raised her finger slightly, and pointed at it.

"Bang bang bang!" And with the azure Mu Yingying's actions, the mysterious demon who had been invincible before was shattered!

The entire ice sculpture turned into a sky full of ~ and drifted away, without a trace of blood, let alone any soul, and completely disappeared in this world.

"Bastard!" Qin Tian and Ye Mo scolded secretly after Mu Yingying completely killed the mysterious demon.

"what……"

"What a handsome man, but I don't know why she likes you?"

"You have familiar fluctuations in your body, it should be holy flame..."

"If it wasn't for your little lover who refused, I'm afraid that you are already in my stomach now." The blue-blue Mu Yingying wiped out the mysterious demon as if it had not happened at all, and came to Xiao Yan's side slightly teasing.

"Let her out." Xiao Yan had just regained some strength. Seeing the azure-blue Mu Yingying act like this, he couldn't help but said in a deep voice, and even the power of the khaki holy flame in his body was mobilized.

"Puff puff."

"If she hadn't begged me, I wouldn't have come out to save you." Apparently sensing Xiao Yan's sudden mobilization of energy, azure Mu Yingying smiled at him.

"You..." And Xiao Yan was about to say something just now, but he saw in the sky, Xiao Yi and Long Yi's two battles, both of them were defeated one after another.

"Now... do you still want her to come out and die?" Azure Mu Yingying also noticed the defeat of Xiao Yi and Long Yi, and immediately showed a playful smile to Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

.. m.