Chapter Vol 4 1791: Devil's lair, purgatory? hell? ...

"It's been getting more and more unbalanced recently."

"When the adults successfully experiment with that thing, we can also leave this place completely. After all, this devil's lair is not suitable for us to live in. If we live here for a long time, our body will become moldy."

"However, if your lord's experiment is successful this time, I'm afraid it will be a feat that will shock the entire world."

"Developing new attributes alone is worthy of being the fifth sinner among our sins." Leading Xiao Yan and the others towards the devil's lair, this guy couldn't help but said.

This guy has a monstrous evil spirit, and his strength has just reached the early stage of Six-Star Fighting Immortals. Adding some of the boys between the lines, he is obviously a sinner among sins.

"Sure enough, the power of sin has made a ghost." Xiao Yan murmured softly in his heart, but he did not wake up. At this time, he was still above the sea, and there were countless crazy sea beasts and those who used to attack him before. Humans who have already lost their intellect obeyed the evil envoy in front of them and quietly crawled behind him. The huge scene and the fierce aura made people palpitate. Suddenly, there might be some unusual relationship among them.

"Boom!" With a sound, the ferry approached an isolated island gently, and before everyone could react, it directly hit a colorless and transparent barrier, which isolated all power, including the storms above the sea. And all the violent evil atmosphere, like a real paradise.

"Gudong!" With a sound, the ferryboat shook viciously, obviously not lightly, and the isolating power contained in the colorless and transparent energy barrier in front of it was extremely huge.

"Go back." The mysterious sinner said to some figures and sea beasts who lost their minds behind him, and he used some means for himself, and those guys also dissipated, constantly patrolling around the enchantment to be vigilant. .

"Open it to me!" After a while, the sinister was surrounded by an extremely evil black light, and then gently submerged above the barrier. The six Xiao Yan, who were immediately bound by black chains, were easily led by him. into it.

"Hey!" Just after leaving the turbulent waters and entering the surrounding island protected by a mysterious barrier, a solemn aura filled Xiao Yan's heart. In this breath, there was a faint smell that Xiao Yan had never seen before. of mystery.

"In this isolated island, I'm afraid..." At this moment, although Xiao Yan and the others pretended to be in a coma, they could smell a suffocating evil wave from under the isolated island not far away. The entire isolated island was like a demon's lair. , the gloomy wind, and even the evil breath, filled every dust in the air.

"Boom!"

"Sir, you're back." The sinner dragged Xiao and the others with a grudge and made them float, then stepped on the water and headed towards the island. Just as he was approaching the island, there was a cold voice inside the island. , sounded slowly.

"These guys are also test items, you can take them down." The sinner said softly.

"Yes, my lord." As soon as the voice fell, a human-looking man gently poured out from the gate of the island, but this guy had dark green hair, and even had some scales like monsters all over his body. At first glance, it was rather terrifying.

"I will take this guy to see Lord Sinsi in person." As soon as he finished speaking, the sinner's eyes moved, Zaidu imposed a tyrannical restraint on Xiao Yan, and immediately stepped directly into the isolated island.

"Tick tock!" The isolated island seems to be a mysterious area embedded under the water of the Devil's Sea. An evil force completely isolates the sea around the isolated island, so that the isolated island continues to go deep under the sea, and it is bottomless. Made of some special rock crystals.

"Here... such a strange aura." Just as the envoy led Xiao Yan towards the bottom of the devil's lair, Xiao Yan's soul power spread out, but he smelled a disgusting stench, like a stinky ditch. generally.

And the most important point.

According to the feedback of Xiao Yan's soul power, there are probably a lot of human auras here, but the rare aura on them is neither like ordinary human beings nor the evil aura in the sinful forces, but makes Xiao Yan feel strange. It's obviously the first time I've seen it.

But there is no doubt that there is a trace of evil in these breaths. The evil is like a foreign evil, but it is as angry as humans.

"Woooo!"

"My lord, my lord!"

"Let us go... I beg you!" The envoy continued to walk down with Xiao Yan, but in the dark space, there was an endless stream of mourning and miserable screams. Feeling nervous.

"Dong dong dong!" After a while, it seemed that he had passed through many obstacles and came to the center of the isolated island. The sinner respectfully knocked on a stone door.

"Come in." A calm voice sounded, and Shimen was gently pushed open.

"My lord, this is a strong man with the power of fairyland soul." The sinner poured into the secret room and grinned.

"what?"

"Wonderland soul power?" Hearing the sinner say this, the figure in the secret room couldn't help but stop his movements, his eyes became hot, and he hurriedly came to the sinner.

"This is..." Until this moment, a shock filled Xiao Yan's mind.

What kind of secret room is here, it is clearly a test object!

The test object covers an area of ​​almost one kilometer. In the field, transistors continue to emerge, and even some middle-aged humans and babies who have fallen into a coma are closing their eyes and lying silently in it, invisible. The kind of fluctuations emanating from it made people shudder.

Even behind this mysterious guy, several human men are staring at themselves with extremely vigilant eyes. Their powers are all six-star fighting immortals, their hair color is the same dark green, and even in their pupils, It flashes a strange dark green, like a guard. If you look at it, I am afraid that even your own soul will say that it is frozen.

"Stop pretending, who the **** are you?" At this moment, the experimenter sneered coldly, and the smile was gloomy and full of unprecedented enthusiasm.

"What?" The sinner didn't seem to understand looked suspiciously at Xiao Yan who was bound behind him.

"Crack." With a sound, the chains on Xiao Yan's body were easily broken by him, and Xiao Yan also stood up again, staring at the two in front of him with serious eyes.

"The envoy and the sinner, it seems that this time the harvest is really not small." Xiao Yan said softly, but the shocking killing intent under the smile was obvious.

"Hahaha!"

"Little guy, don't you think you're going deep into the tiger's den?"

"There used to be a lot of arrogant guys trying to kill me, trying to find some clues about the secrets of Shuiyuan City, but guess what happened to them in the end?" The mysterious powerhouse didn't seem to be in a hurry, the dark green His pupils flickered constantly, filled with a frenzy, and he said word by word.

"They have all become our best test subjects and my most loyal guards, although the test has not been completely successful..."

"But welcome to visit the Fifth Sin Division, Pharmacist Mar's laboratory." As soon as he finished speaking, the true face of the mysterious guy in front of him also appeared under Xiao Yan's line of sight.