Chapter Vol 4 2001: Rescue, the Child of Light is trapped!

"Sisi!" An appalling throbbing instigated the aura of the entire Senluo hell, like a dynamite that became more and more intense, and the gloomy aura ignited at the slightest!

At this time, inside Senluo Purgatory, some dark and gloomy places in the evil castle are constantly showing strange scenes. It seems that these things are controlled by the powers of foreign evil clans.

"Susu... It seems that some ignorant ants ran in, Feng Xiejun, how on earth are you monitoring the defense of the ancient prison?" At this time, in a cold hall inside the evil fortress, three groups of black gas were quiet. Standing here, the evil air mass in the first place suddenly spoke, and there was a touch of shocking anger in its voice.

And in the center of the three groups of black qi, a golem of about zhang Xu stood up, and the aura contained on it was extremely evil.

"It's my fault, I'll go take a look." The two groups of black air below heard the words, and one of them also muttered and disappeared directly here.

"Here, what a strange aura." After a while, Liu Hao's figure also arrived here one after another on the first floor of the ancient prison's downward spiral attic. hands.

Jokes, I don't even look at the identities of the two. I'm a dignified and dignified son of the Holy See. The amount of treasures I have learned and the number of treasures I carry on my body can't be resisted by a nameless evil figure?

"Pfft!" The gloomy wind blew, rendering the aura here to the extreme, and the auras of Xiao Yan and the Son of Light were also perfectly staggered, so they didn't find it.

"Pimple." Just when Liu Hao was hiding his figure with the immortal weapon on his body, the void in front of him suddenly wriggled, and a cloud of thick black gas overflowed uncontrollably, and immediately dripped onto the ground, with an icy, biting low temperature. And the dead silence made Liu Hao's body tense.

Apparently, Xiao Yan and Liu Hao were the first to discover Liu Hao by the real powerhouse of the alien race.

I saw that it was a young man, tall and slender, with clear and deep facial features, like a still stone sculpture, in the dark eyes, evil and sexy, which set off his breath quite handsome, and the face was puckered. With a trace of a rather bland smile, at a glance, its aura...

The late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

"What the **** is this place?" At this moment, Liu Hao frowned. Obviously, this guy came after him. Now the space of this evil pavilion is narrow and there is no place to escape.

"Light attribute?" The corners of the young man's mouth rose, a hint of surprise appeared, and he said in a very stunned tone.

The light attribute is a deadly threat to their extraterritorial evil clan, and it is also a power they hate very much, which is comparable to holy flame.

"Who are you?"

"It actually appeared in the ancient prison of the ancient clan?" Seeing this, Liu Hao immediately frowned, and the surrounding bright aura slowly emerged, and an aura of shared hatred emerged.

"Evil Realm." The young man snorted coldly, and a substantive demonic energy poured out, covering the two bodies instantly.

"Field?"

"Not good!" Seeing this, Liu Hao was just about to use a big means, but he was staggered and trapped in the evil spirit realm.

"My name is Feng Xiejun, this is my domain, and a practitioner of the light attribute is enough for me to take action."

"I hope you don't let me down." Feng Xiejun's evil eyes were filled with a touch of magic, which made him feel uneasy. I don't know why, but this guy with a strength of only seven stars in front of him actually made him feel uneasy. , this is unprecedented! !

In the domain of Feng Xiejun, it is like a majestic other world, which is terrifying and full of endless gloomy aura.

The surrounding area of ​​Liu Hao was protected by the aura of light, suspended in mid-air. Looking around, the entire land in the area below was like a red-hot iron block, exuding a bright red brilliance.

All the huge stone pillars and rock walls above the ground are flickering with terrifying blood, and that aura is obviously a vision caused by absorbing and swallowing countless human blood essence!

"Feng Xie Tian Dang!" Looking at Liu Hao's body with such a pure and bright aura, Feng Xie Jun actually felt a trace of uneasiness in his body. He immediately had no intention of holding back his hand. Hai, roaring away towards Liu Hao!

There were bursts of earth-shattering loud noises, which suddenly erupted like thunder, the blood in the field was blazing into the sky, the smell was pungent, the blood was constantly surging, and the space was shaking violently, as if it was about to turn over.

The evil spirit fills the world, the whole sky is no longer bright, and all the scenery in the world is covered with a faint blood!

There was a dull roar of magic, which was constantly heard in the deep underground. It was obvious that the two attacks were indistinguishable.

……

"Strange, why is the fluctuation of Soul Jade so weak?" Xiao Yan walked around in the attic quite quietly. He carefully explored every cell, but found that he could not find the cell where Gu Yuan was imprisoned.

"Shabu Shabu!" The quiet soul jade shone with a very faint soul luster. This thing was the soul power left by Gu Yuan at the beginning. The fluctuations now show that Gu Yuan is nearby, but Gu Yuan's power As if being suppressed and sealed, Xiao Yan was unable to find the exact location.

"No, I can only try my luck." After being silent for a while, Xiao Yan walked towards the edge closest to the Senluo Hell Castle below. The atmosphere here was the most bizarre and probably the most suspicious area.

Because there is no time, if you search one by one like this, I am afraid that you may not be able to find the Year of the Monkey, the Horse and the Moon. It is better to gamble.

"Bang bang bang."

"Sealing enchantment?"

"Sure enough, there is a problem When Xiao Yan's body just approached the bottommost cell, a faint evil barrier directly bounced Xiao Yan's body away.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan's body instantly corroded the ice-cold cage and barrier that could devour human vindictive energy and soul power, and entered the cell suspected of imprisoning Gu Yuan.

At first glance, the cell here is quite large, with a size of hundreds of square meters. There is only a simple wooden table and a dark figure sitting beside the cell.

"Gu Yuan... Uncle?" Xiao Yan walked over vigilantly step by step. Judging from the fluctuation of the Soul Jade, the power in front of him was clearly not wrong.

"Who... who is it?" When he heard the word Gu Yuan, the shadow's body couldn't help but tremble suddenly, and then the rather sloppy body turned around directly, his eyes covered by the black hair that grew sloppy. , saw a man in a black shirt.

The man in the black shirt didn't seem to have changed much compared to the past, but the strength in his body had also grown tremendously. At this moment, a familiar aura filled the dark man's mind.

"Gulu...Xiao...Xiao Yan?" After taking a deep breath, the shadow muttered, a rare smile, accompanied by the low-pitched sound of old tears, emerged.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: