Chapter Vol 4 1524: Redeem the Swallowing Technique!

With the complete end of the Demon Suppression Prison, all the powerhouses on the four continents said goodbye one after another. Except for the top ten who stayed here, the other powerhouses also left Tianming Villa one after another and returned to their respective regions.

As for everyone in Dongzhou, at this time, except Du Qifei, Xiao Gui and the Yu family sisters, the others were also led back to Dongzhou by Du Tianhong. As for the Yuan family sisters, they also slowly returned to their clan. The door, but Xiao Yan has been in a closed state, and these people did not say goodbye in the end.

The top ten in the competition are all in retreat at this time. After all, they have gained a lot in the Demon Suppression Prison, so they must be sorted out.

Another place, where Xiao Yan lives.

"Huhu."

"In five days, I finally stabilized the aura in my body. It seems that my current strength has also reached the saturation state of the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal. It is only a matter of time before breaking through to the later stage." Xiao Yan slowly opened his pupils and said excitedly. road.

"This trip to the Demon Suppression Prison seems to have a lot of benefits for you." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, the Soul Eater also laughed.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded his head, obviously, whether it was his knowledge of the power of the Soul Eater, the evil clan and the evil tools from outside the realm, he had improved to a higher level.

"In that case, let's do it."

"First, exchange the Swallowing Flame Technique back, that's a good thing."

"With this thing, your self-protection ability will also be improved, and you will have a lot of confidence in entering the Li Soul Realm." The Lord of Soul Eater said with relief.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, and then took out the magic-suppressing stone in his hand.

"Boom!" The magic-suppressing stone just emerged, and Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power poured into it. At that time, Xiao Yan's body entered the space of the magic-suppressing treasure.

There is a small space on top of the magic-suppressing stone, and the magic-suppressing treasure is stored in the small space, and this level of spatial attainments is probably a great means for the real space system supreme.

"Swallowing Flame Technique!" This time, Xiao Yan had just entered the space of the magic-suppressing treasure without any hesitation. After a short while, he came to the outside of the flame-swallowing technique light group and looked at the light group with fiery eyes. Quietly standing scrolls.

On the scroll, it was completely wrapped by countless flame patterns, and the flame patterns outlined a very mysterious pattern, which made this scroll extremely mysterious.

"Exchange the Flame Swallowing Technique!" After a while, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, slowly raised his palm, and immediately called out to the endless void in the Demon Suppression Treasure.

"You need 10,000 points to exchange for the Swallowing Flame Technique. You have 11,000 points now, do you want to confirm the exchange?" Suddenly, a majestic voice with extremely tyrannical pressure suddenly resounded in this space.

"The combination of the space system and the chaos system is really terrifying." Hearing this sudden voice, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a bit of horror in his heart.

"Confirm the exchange." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Crack." With a sound, Xiao Yan's points were instantly deducted by 10,000, but with the end of the deduction of points, the imprisoned light group wrapped in the Swallowing Art also disappeared suddenly, and the scroll of the Swallowing Art suddenly fell to Xiao. Inflamed hands.

"Quick, get out of here!" Suddenly, the hurried voice of the Soul Eater sounded. starter

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan suddenly squeezed the Swallowing Flame Scroll with his palm, and then suddenly jumped and disappeared here in an instant.

"Crash!"

"Damn... it's a step too late."

"Who exactly exchanged the flame swallowing technique?"

"This is one of the few treasures in our Li Soul Domain. I really want to see a real person." And Xiao Yan just disappeared, and in the space where he disappeared, a strong man slowly emerged.

This guy's whole body is haunted by a ghostly aura, but this aura is actually stronger than that of the Poisonous Demon Empress.

"Master, what's the matter?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked just after returning to his house.

"The exchange of the Swallowing Flame Technique will definitely alarm the senior management of Li Soul Domain. After all, whether it is 10,000 points or the Swallowing Flame Technique, the value is extraordinary."

"But it's all right now," said Soul Eater.

"Yep."

"The next step is to practice the Swallowing Flame Technique, refining the elixir that devours the Undying Fire, and heading to the Li Soul Realm." Xiao Yan's heart suddenly became solemn, one palm tightly squeezed the Swallowing Flame Technique scroll, and the other His hand could not help but slowly touch the holy flame heart at his chest.

"Don't worry, Acacia Brokenheartitis can live and die, and it will definitely succeed." Seemingly seeing Xiao Yan's worries, the Soul Eater also persuaded him.

"En." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his emotions slowly calmed down.

After a few minutes, Xiao Yan's mood and breath gradually calmed down, so he focused his attention on the scroll in his hand.

The scroll was pitch-black, but on the pitch-black scroll, the scorching temperature caused Xiao Yan to feel palpitations. Xiao Yan knew that this swallowing technique was definitely not an ordinary skill. The scroll was round as a whole, and its side There are three big characters "Swallowing Inflammation".

"Weng Om!" After a while, Xiao Yan and the Soul Eater looked at each other, and then the dazzling soul power was gently injected into them.

Immediately, waves of hot waves spread out from the scroll like a volcanic eruption, and the object of that spread turned out to be Xiao Yan's body!

"Swallowing inflammation."

"Mid-grade fairy art."

"With fire as the foundation, the power of fire to increase one's own strength is the treasure of our clan." On the pitch-black scroll, a Sanskrit sound was slowly opened In that voice, desolate It reached the extreme, but it made the world fear it.

"It seems that this guy should have settled down." Seeing Xiao Yan suddenly become quiet, the Soul Eater did not act rashly, but waited quietly.

"Huhu."

"What a tyrannical immortal art." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan suddenly came back to his senses, gasping for breath, and even a burst of ecstasy emerged from his pupils. Obviously, he had learned a lot about the situation of entering meditation just now. The secret about Swallowing.

"How is it?" The Master of Soul Eater hurriedly spoke. After all, he had only heard of the power of this flame swallowing technique, and had not fully touched it, so he was quite looking forward to it.

"Master, the value of this thing is probably the same as that of Fen Jue..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak with a fiery voice in his heart. Obviously, the contact he had just made made Xiao Yan understand that the value of this swallowing technique was probably the result of his encounters so far. The most tyrannical baby I've ever been to except Fen Jue!

"Well?" The Soul Eater asked suspiciously.

"Swallowing flames are mainly based on flames. It is said that swallowing different flames can improve one's strength in a short period of time, swallowing three small heavenly seeds can increase one's strength, and swallowing two large heavenly seeds can increase one level of strength. Strength." Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"Where's the holy flame?" The Soul Eater couldn't help asking.

"Each time you swallow a piece of holy flame, you can increase your strength by one level... Besides, there seems to be no upper limit!" Suddenly, Xiao Yan's voice sounded like thunder. First release https://https://