Chapter Vol 4 1444: The missing master of the plane!

"Sir... Your Thunder Valley's disciples have already arranged to live in the east of Sifang City." Inside Sifang City, in Tianming Mountain Villa, in a splendid house, Du Tianhong and a guard appeared, just now The Deacon Feng went down to find someone. As for Yuan Xiao's figure, he went back just after entering the Sifang City of Tianming Villa.

"East?"

"The energy and resources of the heavens and the earth seem to be ranked second in Sifang City..." Duo Tianhong frowned when he just picked up the exquisite tea set and prepared to take a sip.

"Sir, you don't know. This time, many forces from the four continents are here, and the forces from Beizhou are also the first to bear the brunt." The guard immediately whispered, for fear that Du Tianhong would be dissatisfied. The hegemon of the continent is not one who dares to neglect himself.

"Above the four continents, the Northern Continent ranks first in strength, the Western Continent ranks second, our East Continent ranks third, and the South Continent is the last." Duan Tianhong said slowly.

"Yes, my lord."

"This time, the top forces from the North Continent and the West Continent are here, so this time the four continents competition should be very exciting." Seeing that Duo Tianhong did not continue to investigate further, the guards suddenly felt relieved.

"Go on." Suddenly, Deacon Feng, who had just accompanied Du Tianhong into Tianming Villa, also appeared.

"Yes!" The guard heard the words and left the house respectfully.

"How's it going?" As Deacon Feng appeared, Duo Tianhong asked urgently. Deacon Feng just left, and he went to find the master of the plane. After all, Duan Tianhong had some things that he could only give to him. The master of the plane can rest assured.

"Forging Valley Master, you should know the status of our Tianming Villa?" After a while, Deacon Feng also said with a somewhat ugly face.

"What's going on?" Duo Tianhong frowned when he said this. After all, Deacon Feng's status and strength are far from inferior to him, but this is their territory.

"Don't get me wrong, Lord of Forging Valley."

"Our Tianming Villa was specially set up by the Master of the Plane to manage and limit various matters in the four continents."

"After all, the master of the plane, the dragon, sees the beginning but not the end, and comes and goes without a trace." Deacon Feng explained with a smile.

"Where did that guy... go to?"

"Don't show up for such a grand competition in the Four Continents Competition..." Duo Tianhong seemed to have noticed something, and immediately said.

"Now the owner of the villa and other high-level executives are making intense plans for the test, so they can't receive the owner of the forge."

"I also hope that the forge master will not blame it."

"As for the Master of the Plane, we will notify you as soon as there is any news about him." Deacon Feng continued to laugh.

"This guy... Sure enough, he's not here..." Duan Tianhong also smiled helplessly when he heard that.

This Yinhuntian is managed by the master of the plane, but this guy has always been a hands-off shopkeeper. After the establishment of Tianming Villa, he handed over the management rights to them. At that time, he will wander around, and almost no strong person of Yinhuntian can see it. myself.

"Forget it... I can only take one step at a time." Duan Tianhong heard the words and got up slowly. After all, the Thunder Emperor scepter in his hand has a lot of important things sealed, so he wants to hand it over to the master of the plane as soon as possible. , in that case, it is also much safer.

"Forge Valley Master, I still have something to do, so I won't send it far." Seeing Duan Tianhong slowly leaving, Deacon Feng also laughed.

In an instant, Duo Tianhong also walked towards the place where they rested, as for Deacon Feng, he muttered to himself in the house: "This Duo Tianhong's strength is really getting more and more tyrannical, I'm afraid this time the four continents test After that, Dongzhou can be ranked second in Sizhou.”

"It's just that this guy is so anxious to find the master of the plane, what is it for..."

At the same time, in the center of Sifang City, the internal conference room of Tianming Villa.

The core area of ​​Tianming Villa is a walk in the underground of Sifang City, so few people know it, and the safety factor is also staggering.

In the basement, dozens of figures stood slowly, and even among these dozens, there were no less than three five-star Dou Xian level powerhouses. The handsome man in brocade clothes has an extraordinary bearing, and his power is probably beyond the category of five-star fighting immortals.

"Let's talk about it all... What good suggestions do you have for this four continents competition?" The man in the first place spoke slowly, his voice filled with a coercion like heaven and earth.

"Villager, the past dynasties used you to create space cracks to provide a test venue, but with the many space cracks, our traces here will continue to be exposed."

"After all, our Yin Soul Heaven is a rather strange place in Li Soul Territory." One of the thin and yellow-faced old men narrowed his eyes slightly and said.

"What's Tianlao's opinion?" The owner of Tianming Villa heard the words and cast his eyes on the old man. This day, Tianlao is quite high in both strength and status in Tianming Villa, and adding him That special identity gave him quite the right to speak.

"We have a lot of humans in the shadowy world, and we have a long-standing grievance with the foreign evil clan. If we use the space crack this time, it will inevitably be taken advantage of by the foreign evil clan... After all, a not weak foreign evil clan appeared before. On the Dongzhou side, I just don't know what the final result will be." The old man raised his head and glanced into the distance slowly, then spoke.

"So this competition... I'm afraid we can focus on our sealed land." The next moment, Tian Lao's pupils became slack, and an invisible vision suddenly emerged.

"Sealed place?"

"Master, this is absolutely impossible!"

"The sealed land is the master of the planes who did his best to seal it. If we open the sealed land, we will inevitably make a big mistake... After all, the sealed land is sealed among the foreign evil races, up to the emperor level. The powerhouse!"

"The emperor-level powerhouse is comparable to the emperor-level powerhouse of our human six-star fighting immortal level. If this is allowed to escape, it will have a great impact on our entire world." On the other side, a middle-aged man His eyes became sharp and he retorted.

"My God...sorry..."

"You have ulterior motives, I suspect that you have an affair with a foreigner, and I apply for house arrest!" Suddenly, a tyrannical aura appeared on the middle-aged man.

"Haha... I had expected this scene long ago..."

"But as the guardian of the sealed land... I can tell you clearly that the power of the seal in the sealed land has weakened too much. If it is not replenished in time, I am afraid it will not last long."

"When the Lord of the Plane is not there, I am afraid it will also be a disaster for us."

"Furthermore, the master of the plane, the Lord Shenlong, has not seen the end. It has not been shown for hundreds of years. We need to take some measures." The old man said slightly.

"The power of the seal is weakened?"

"Is this true?" In an instant, dozens of high-level executives in the entire conference room couldn't help but their pupils became weird.

Although their Tianming Mountain Villa is said to maintain the Yinhuntian Sizhou, at the same time, it is also responsible for the task of suppressing the evil races outside the territory.

"It's absolutely true." Tian Lao replied.

"Since that's the case... I know."

"It looks like that's the only way." The owner of Tianming Villa's eyes became deep, and then he slowly opened his mouth, and there was a calmness in his voice.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!