Chapter Vol 4 1022: origin

In the land of holy flames, there is a very wide space, but in that space, strange black qi that can be seen everywhere keeps emerging, and these black qi are invariably the same. The evil aura of this, if ordinary people are slightly contaminated, I am afraid they will die instantly!

And at the very center of the Holy Flame Land surrounded by evil aura, the evil aura here is particularly strong, and inside, an extremely wonderful scene is being staged.

The center of the Holy Flame Palace is about a hundred meters away. A prismatic round platform appears at the very center, and around the round platform, there are some cyan molten flames, and the cyan flames have a strange aura. , slowly wrapping the prismatic round platform, and behind the two, is covered by the dark evil atmosphere.

As for the prismatic circular platform surrounded by cyan lava and flames, five uneven potholes slowly appeared.

The five potholes are quite symmetrical, four small potholes are large, and four small potholes surround a huge pothole, which looks quite strange.

But what is even more strange is that there is nothing in the four potholes around the body. As for the central pothole, which is located in the four potholes, it is surrounded by a strange blood-red aura, and nothing can be seen. It seems that something is about to appear, and it is extremely sinister.

"My four ambassadors, are you finally here..." He seemed to feel some strange aura pouring into the Holy Flame space, and immediately there was a shocking sound from the huge pothole in the center. sound.

"It seems that there are some uninvited guests... These smells are a bit like other holy flames?"

"Hey, you have to help me entertain them for a while." After feeling the weak aura of other holy flames, in the pothole, a man surrounded by evil blood-red aura slowly appeared in the blood-red air mass before……

The man's body was full of vigor, with a handsome look between his eyebrows, and a rather exquisite jade qin on the palm of his hand, very much like a weak scholar.

However, if the people from Burning Incense Pavilion were here, they would recognize them without hesitation. This was their senior brother Yintong from Burning Incense Pavilion.

"It's... the master." After the figure appeared, he also said respectfully to the evil aura of emptiness.

"It seems... someone is coming?"

"Why does this breath resemble the humans who have entered here before?"

"What's going on?" However, in the next moment, a cyan flame slightly condensed out of the cyan lava, and then muttered.

"Wait... Those who entered the land of holy flames seem to have other smells of holy flames?" Then the next moment, the cyan flame looked into the distance, but its tone suddenly became strange.

"So good."

"As long as the power of the two holy flames is enough, the blood demon envoy can be completely wiped out, and then I will be able to live happily."

"However, half the power of the Gorefiend ran away back then, but now here, it's only half of the Gorefiend's power." The voice just fell. Immediately, the blue flames swelled.

"No, you have to communicate with other Saint Flame controllers, and solve half of the blood demon envoy's power as soon as possible, otherwise it will be bad if the four envoys who ran out call help." go.

Touching a huge area of ​​about 100 meters, everything that happened inside seemed to be an understatement from the outside, extremely calm, but at this time, something else appeared on the outside.

"King……"

"We are finally back..." At this time, the figures of Tiangan and Tianhong appeared here, but at this time, a black air mass of evil power hovered above their heads.

"Sure enough, it still hasn't changed..." And Tiangan couldn't help saying looking at the scene in front of him.

Back then, the four of them and Yin Yin Tong were directly chased by Yin Tong after they entered the land of holy flames. If they didn't happen to merge with the evil aura in the four potholes, they would have died without burial. land.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, at the last critical juncture, they merged with the four evil auras inside, thus defeating Yin Tong in one fell swoop, which established the reputation of their Xuanling royal family, but it was also from that time, with the help of Xuanling The royal family was in the four heavens, and the four messengers of the Gorefiends and the Xuanling royal family began to cooperate, and the Gorefiends provided the Xuanling royal family with blood curses and even information, just to save that guy today.

As for that guy... it is the real king of their blood demon clan, the blood demon envoy, but these things are obviously concealed from King Xuanling. King Xuanling knows that this sect competition is only to rescue the rest of their clan. strong.

"Big brother, this is the place..."

"Hahaha!"

"We're here again."

"It was extremely embarrassing to be chased and killed by Yin Tong, but Yin Tong has perished here forever, and our strength has skyrocketed." Tian Hong couldn't help saying looking at this familiar scene.

"Yintong, that guy is very strong, but I didn't know why at the beginning, after entering the land of holy flames, when I came into contact with holy flames, it became violent, and the power was too terrifying, even if we combined the power of the four of us, we had to be It was pressed and beaten, but he fell..." Tiangan also laughed.

"Okay, stop dawdling about the two of you Are things ready?" Then the next moment, the evil black energy entrenched above Tiangan's head spoke out.

"Don't worry, everything is ready."

"This time, I will do my best to save the king." And Tian Hong on the other side raised his palm slightly, and suddenly something seemed to appear in his palm.

"The teleportation array and the array map..."

"With these two things, no matter how powerful this holy flame is, in the end it will only be a failure..."

"If you can find a way to completely eliminate the holy flame, then..." The next moment, the evil air mass entrenched on Tianhong's head also spoke.

"Okay, the third child, the second and fourth fell into the hands of the Fenxiang Pavilion named Xiao Yan. When the king is rescued, we must let that kid die."

"At that time, he was arrested and refined into an evil servant. Wouldn't it be beautiful to be loyal to us in this life and this world?"

"Hahaha." The boss laughed strangely.

"Boss, let's get started."

"With the help of these two people's bodies, we should dream of breaking through here temporarily." Then the next moment the voice fell, and two groups of black energy poured directly into the two people's bodies. Just let it take over.

"Ghost Face Soul Flame, you suppressed me for thousands of years, and now..."

"Our Gorefiends have come back for revenge." Then just after occupying the bodies of Tiangan and Tianhong, a burst of laughter suddenly echoed out of the evil Tiangan's blood-red pupils, accompanied by a steady stream of evil aura.