Chapter Vol 4 1037: brother and sister

"Crash!" A fiery red flame like blood slowly poured out of the body from the high sky.

"The power of the Holy Flame is so strong that even the Fire Heart Tianyan in my body is afraid." After Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi merged, their strength and fire control skills have risen to a huge level. Couldn't help but speak.

"I'm afraid the ranking of holy flames in this guy's body is extremely high." The ghost-faced soul flame spirit on the side said slightly.

Ghost Face Soul Flame is the 24th holy flame on the holy flame list. Even so, the holy flame in Yan Chi's body still makes him feel extremely frightened.

"Oh, forget it." Xiao Yan raised his head and wanted to ask Mu Yingying about the holy flame in Yan Chi's body, but he didn't say anything because he had no masters.

"Boom boom boom!" Not long after, the holy flame land where the ghost face and soul flames sealed the blood demon envoy was filled with an abnormal blood smell, and the **** doomsday scene appeared here, even those cyan melting The pulp trembled.

"Humble ants, dare to offend my king's dignity..."

"Suffer to death!" At this time, Yan Chi flashed the power of fiery red holy flame all over his body, and said to Xiao Yan and his group at a height below zero.

"What's the matter... the blood in the body is boiling?" At this time, Xiao Yan was surprised as Yan Chi shouted.

At this time, the place was all enveloped by the power of the fiery red holy flame, and even the cyan lava had taken the lead. With this appearance, Xiao Yan also felt that something was wrong.

"Brother, this should be the characteristic of Yanzhi Shengyan."

"Just like your Huoxin Tianyan has a unique control over rocks." Xiao Yi suddenly said in Xiao Yan's body.

"The power of Yanchi's holy flame may have a mysterious effect on blood, so be careful." Xiao Yan restrained and said, for some reason, he always felt uneasy after the blood in his body boiled.

"Boom!" In the next moment, the fiery pupils turned hideous, and then raised his hands high, the dazzling fiery red flames all over his body poured out directly towards Xiao Yan and the ghost-faced spirits. , that kind of terrifying scene is extremely miserable like the end of the world.

"Be careful!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan looked very solemn, and then said something to the ghost-faced soul flame behind him, because he knew that the ghost-faced soul flame had just consumed a lot of strength against the blood demon and Yin Tong, and now he is a little weak .

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan raised his palm suddenly, and a dazzling wave swept away directly against the fiery waves of fire.

"Pfft!" Xiao Yan's flames containing fiery core Tianyan and splendid flames just attacked, and they were immediately swallowed up by the fiery and blood-colored flames!

"Not good!" Seeing that his attack was instantly extinguished under the blazing flames, Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then Xiao Yi's figure dispersed instantly.

"Go look at Mu Yingying a little bit." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, Xiao Yi flew away.

And Xiao Yan and Ghost Face Soul Flame Spirit also looked at the fiery red flames whistling with heavy expressions.

"Gulugulu." After a while, the fiery red flames directly surrounded Xiao Yan and the spirits of Ghost Face and Soul Flame.

"Huhuhu."

"What a violent energy fluctuation." Without Xiaoyi's fusion, Xiao Yan's strength also dropped to the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and then said in a deep voice.

"Senior..." Xiao Yan had just finished speaking, but the ghost-faced soul flame spirit around him suddenly weakened.

"My power comes from Holy Flame. I'm just the Holy Flame Spirit who is responsible for guarding Ghost Face Soul Flame. I used too much power before, I'm afraid it won't be enough to deal with Gorefiend and Yan Chi." Ghost Face Soul Flame Zhi Ling slowly shook his head and said.

"Shabu!" As soon as the two of them finished speaking, the fiery red holy flame power that surrounded them immediately rushed into the two people's bodies madly. The feeling seemed to be trying to use their holy flame power. To devour the general!

"Be careful, the competition for the power of holy flame can be described as a battle between dragons and tigers. If the power of holy flame in your body is swallowed up by him... I'm afraid you will die instantly!" Ghost Face Soul Yan said slightly.

"You actually want to swallow me... Then let's see who swallowed who!" Although Xiao Yan was unable to deal with this holy flame for a short time, the power of the khaki holy flame continued to emerge from the depths of his body, resisting the erosion of the fiery red flame. In the deepest part, the Burning Jue runs at high speed!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan urged Fen Jue, and then a mysterious scene appeared, Xiao Yan's body exuded a mysterious silver halo, and then the power of the fiery red flame could not move forward at all, and was swept away by the silver light. Halo to isolate down.

After losing the target, the fiery red flames attacked the ghost-faced soul flame on the side, and the ghost-faced soul flame suddenly increased its pressure.

"What kind of thing does this guy cultivate? I have never heard of such a terrifying thing..." After Ghost Face Soul Yan finished speaking, he was struggling to support himself. In the current situation, I am afraid he can only retreat first.

"Are you... alright?" Although Xiao Yi was puzzled for a while as to why her eldest brother asked her to protect Mu Yingying, she didn't ask any further questions.

"Brother... He actually used the power of the source."

"Be careful, protect the blood in your body with Dou Qi, don't let the blood flow!" Mu Yingying suddenly shouted.

"Temporarily stop the blood from flowing?" Xiao Yi heard that, although she didn't know why, she still followed suit.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan, who was isolated by the mysterious power of Fen Jue , directly made him ignore it, and Ghost Face and Soul Yan followed suit. At their level, it was very simple to temporarily stop the flow of blood.

"Gulugulu!" With Xiao Yan and the three doing this, the fiery red flame seemed to have lost all traces and was about to return to Yan Chi.

"Sisi!" However, the next moment, everyone felt that when Yanchi's attack stopped, Mu Yingying's delicate body suddenly burst out, and then on the jade hand, a drop of blood was directly cut out by her immortal sword!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yi and Ghost Face Soul Yan, who were shocked by Mu Yingying's actions, didn't know much about it, but Xiao Yan, who was enveloped by the silver halo, shrank his pupils tightly, and a feeling of something bad came into his heart. .

"Brother, you used to take care of me, now let me come..." As soon as Mu Yingying finished speaking, a blue aura appeared on her body, and with the appearance of this blue flame on Mu Yingying's body, Immediately, Xiao Yi and the others felt that the restless emotions in their bodies had calmed down.

"Death!" In the face of Mu Yingying's sudden action, Yan Chi, who had already been controlled by the Gorefiend, didn't take it seriously, looked directly at Mu Yingying, and called out slightly.

As soon as the voice fell, the fiery red flame that filled the entire holy flame space immediately turned into a giant flame blade, whistling away in the direction where Mu Yingying was!

"Brother, wake up!" Mu Yingying saw this, she was not afraid, and then the blue flame breathed out, turning into a rather exquisite ethereal bird, and she went straight to it!