Chapter Vol 4 1525: Refining pills!

"what?"

"Each time you swallow a holy flame, can you increase your level of strength?" In an instant, Soul Eater's pupils shrank tightly, and he couldn't help but lose his voice.

"Yes, but this flame swallowing technique seems to have a limit. It can only be used under the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. If it exceeds this level, I am afraid that it will not be able to be used." After a short while, Xiao Yan was also somewhat helpless. This drawback, the value of this Swallowing Flame Technique, may once surpass Fen Jue.

"Seven Stars Fighting Immortals... But that's enough."

"Your current strength is already in the middle stage of the three-star Dou Xian, and you have two holy flames and a large heavenly seed in your body. After you use the swallowing technique to swallow it, your strength will probably be close to the early stage of the four-star Dou Xian in a short period of time. I'm afraid it's also jaw-dropping." The Soul Eater grinned when he heard the words.

"Well, I have memorized the casting route of swallowing the flame technique, and this fighting technique is quite simple. It seems to be specially made for our fire-type powerhouses. It seems that there will be a chance in the future to go to the swallowing clan. Let's see if we can remove the drawbacks of the Swallowing Flame Technique." Xiao Yan also said with satisfaction, after all, the Swallowing Flame Technique is quite simple.

Now Xiao Yan, I am afraid that when he encounters an Earth Spirit Blood General, he will be able to kill him without any effort. Unfortunately, the Earth Spirit Blood General is also buried in the Demon Suppression Prison. First release https://https://

"That's very good." Seeing the sudden confidence between Xiao Yan's brows, Soul Eater also smiled and said, although this trip has released the Poison Temple Demon Empress, it can be regarded as a good harvest.

The current strength of the Soul Eater Lord may barely reach the level of a half-step Seven Star Fighting Immortal. This kind of strength, not to mention the mere Yin Soul Heaven, is close to the peak even if he enters the Li Soul Realm, but there is no Soul Eater Talisman. With the existence of the Soul Eater, the power of the Soul Eater is greatly reduced. In addition, his own origin is injured, so his strength is not as good as before.

After fighting with the Demon Empress Dusha, he absorbed the countless evil breaths in the Demon Suppression Prison, and his injuries recovered a lot. However, in order to fear being discovered by the powerhouses of Tianming Villa, the Soul Eater did not use the Blood River Bell. Otherwise, even if the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple had ten lives, she would not be able to escape the palm of the Lord of Soul Eater. After all, Xuehe Ling was an evil soldier in the ghost world. Once it was used by the Lord of Soul Eater, that kind of power would be punished by both ghosts and gods!

"Now that you're ready, the next step is to make medicinal pills." Xiao Yan said slightly, quite happy.

"Let's do it, after all, it takes a lot of time to refine a medicinal pill." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, then closed his eyes and adjusted his breath.

"Come out." As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan's hands, the three medicinal herbs and the Immortal Rank 5th Grade Pill obtained from the Heavenly King's Tomb, stood quietly in the void.

"Immortal fire is not a child's play, and this Ice Profound Pill is what devours it." Xiao Yan looked at the rather quiet Immortal Rank fifth rank young Pill in front of him, and couldn't help but said.

If it wasn't for the luck to get this young pill, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to refine the Ice Profound Pill before entering Li Soul Realm.

Xiao Yan's pharmacist level has not really set foot on the fifth rank of immortal rank, so he cannot successfully refine the ice mysterious pill, but this is also the mysterious effect of the fifth rank of immortal rank young pill, which allows Xiao Yan to refine the medicinal materials into the young. Among the pills, it was successfully refined.

"Fire." After a short while, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, his dazzling palm suddenly turned upside down, and a trace of khaki and cyan holy flame power suddenly emerged.

At this moment, Xiao Yan didn't care too much, and directly displayed the two kinds of holy flames at the same time. After all, he wanted to successfully refine the fifth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill in less than a month, even if he had a young pill in his hand. , the pressure is not small, so Xiao Yan can only take the risk and use two holy flames at the same time.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Crash!" The power of the two holy flames had just emerged, and suddenly they began to slowly merge under Xiao Yan's rapidly spinning flames. After a few breaths, the khaki and cyan flames merged into one, regardless of power or flame. Strength has been greatly improved.

"You stay with me." He casually glanced at the immortal-rank fifth-grade young pill standing quietly in the jade bottle, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, after all, the intelligence of this young pill has been wiped out, so there is no need I'm too worried, the most urgent task now is to refine the most forged three-flavored medicinal materials in the Ice Profound Pill into the Young Pill.

It's just that these three kinds of medicinal materials are quite difficult to refine. Even if Xiao Yan uses two kinds of holy flames, it will take a lot of time.

"Let's suppress the heart grass first." Looking at the three herbs in front of him, Xiao Yan was also preparing for the easy and the difficult, and immediately had an idea.

"Weng hum!" The whole body of the heart-suppressing grass has a thick arm, and the small rhizomes and leaves all exude a mysterious effect of concentration and tranquility, and even the leaves exude a seductive fragrance, under the diffused fragrance. , the breath in Xiao Yan's body became quiet.

"This thing really deserves to be a treasure that devours immortal fire." Seeing that Heart Repression Grass possesses such a powerful medicinal power, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then the dazzling flames directly wrapped it and started refining.

one day……

two days...

Seven days!

As soon as the time passed, it was seven days. During the seven days, Xiao Yan tirelessly controlled the two holy flames to launch a frantic attack on the Heart Suppression Grass. Fortunately, the holy flames had extraordinary power, and within seven days, the strong and extraordinary Heart Suppression Grass was very strong. It also exploded abruptly and turned into a green medicinal liquid. The medicinal liquid contained a soothing effect and a refreshing fragrance, which made people feel refreshed Next is Samsung Douxian level magic core. After a short while, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly stared at this motionless magic core. The violent aura contained on the magic core is quite terrifying, and the value of this thing is quite precious. It was traded in the hands of others, even Xiao Yan was helpless.

"Boom!" The magic core showed a dark green color. With the erosion of Xiao Yan's holy flame, violent auras spread out, but it didn't spread for long, and it was transpired by Xiao Yan's holy flame. nothingness.

As time passed, it was another ten days.

For ten days, this dark green magic core has always been indestructible. Even with the help of two holy flames, it was only on the sixth day that a slight crack was born, so it was successfully completely refined and melted. It was a pile of liquid that glowed dark green. The liquid was filled with an unusually violent force, but it was suppressed by the holy flame, so there was no problem.

"The last thing, Wannian Xuanbing." Seeing that the two herbs were completely refined, Xiao Yan's expression became even more solemn.

The most important ingredients for refining Bing Xuan Dan are Heart Suppression Grass, Demon Core and Ten Thousand Years Xuan Bing. The first two are fine. Although it is difficult, it is only a matter of time when facing the Holy Flame.

It's just that this last medicinal ingredient, even Xiao Yan's expression became solemn for a while.

Xuan Bing is extremely strong, and it grows in extremely cold places all year round. Ordinary flames are useless to it, even if it is a holy flame, its refining power is greatly reduced, not to mention that it is ten thousand years of Xuan Bing!