Chapter 209: In the battle of tigers and wolves, Xiao Yan is behind!

"Silver Moon Heavenly Wolf, you and I don't violate the river water, what's the point of coming here today?" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also said quietly, and terrifying flames also emerged around him, firmly protecting Mu Yingying!

"Hehe, I have nothing to do this time."

"This silver blue wolf king's life is not over yet, so this time he came here mainly for it." The handsome man laughed after he finished speaking.

"This is a summoned item of human beings. If you have a way, you can naturally take it." The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also said quite generously.

"Oh, is this true?" The handsome man also wondered.

"My Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger can't catch up with a single word!" Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's breath soared to the extreme, ready to deal with emergencies at any time.

"If that's the case, then I'm welcome." The handsome man waved his hand casually, and the illusory figure of the silver blue thunder wolf king solidified, and the flame on it was instantly extinguished.

Then the handsome man opened his mouth, and the silver blue thunder wolf king was swallowed in!

After doing this, the handsome man also disappeared into the sky in the eastern part of the corpse forest.

"Big tiger, what is that?" Mu Yingying also wiped the sweat from her pink cheeks and asked gently.

The moment that handsome man appeared just now, Mu Yingying felt that the fighting spirit in her body had solidified!

This is unheard of!

"My little ancestor!"

"That's the most powerful existence in the entire Infernal Corpse Forest, shall we not provoke him?" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also said like a prayer.

"The most powerful existence in the Yin Corpse Forest?" Mu Yingying also bit her lips slightly, looking surprised.

"I am the king of the eastern part of the second floor of the corpse forest, and he is the king of the entire corpse forest."

"Silver Moon Heavenly Wolf." Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger's words also fell, but Mu Yingying could hear some respect in her words.

"Silver Moon Heavenly Wolf, it's no wonder that he saved the silver Canglei Wolf King, who was originally a gang..." Mu Yingying also pouted, he could see at a glance that the handsome man did not really devour the silver Canglei Wolf King, that's just a space method.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's so boring here, I'm going to the third floor!" After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she turned into a blue light and left.

"Little Ancestor, wait for me!" The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also hurriedly transformed into a human appearance and followed.

"Xiao Yan, where are you going?" Mu Feng also said depressedly, he could already feel a lot of extremely powerful aura on the second floor here.

"When the time comes, you will know, we are hurrying." Xiao Yan also laughed.

In fact, when Xiao Yan was fighting in the eastern sky on the second floor of the Yin Corpse Forest, Longyi, the ruler of the ancient ruler of the eternal fire, said to Xiao Yan, "I believe you also discovered the first place. There is no change in the points of , and it is reasonable to say that it beats the second place, so the points should be increasing. What does this mean? I don’t need to say more, right?

"Do you have a solution?" Xiao Yan was also quite happy about this. Xiao Yan really discovered this and went to the place where Yu Hui and the two escaped. If he could reap the benefits of this fisherman, then the consequences...

Xiao Yan felt excited just thinking about it, but even though he had this plan, Xiao Yan found that the ghost energy on the second floor of the corpse forest was very heavy, and even his emperor-level ordinary soul power could not be detected beyond a thousand meters. .

"Xiao Yan, don't you need points?"

"Why don't we make a deal?" Long Yi also said indifferently, since the Golden Dragon King resides on Xiao Yan, it will also be of great benefit to his future, and once the Golden Dragon King returns to the Dragon Clan to unify the Dragon Clan, Then your position is also...

"What deal?" Xiao Yan also spoke with Long Yi while flying towards Yu Hui and the two with his heart.

"Hehe, although this is too far for you now, you must help the Golden Dragon King return to the Dragon Clan in the future!" Long Yi also said, obviously the Golden Dragon King has the most lofty status in Long Yi's mind.

"I promise you."

"Although I'm not strong enough now, but when I'm strong enough, I don't need you to say that I will help my patriarch to return to the Dragon Clan and unify the Dragon Clan!" Xiao Yan also said sadly, obviously his patriarch Golden Dragon King avoided it. Not to mention, but Xiao Yan could still guess from some emotions what should have happened.

"Okay!"

"Since we can be admired by the king of the dragon clan, who has high eyes and low hands, then he will definitely not be an ordinary person. I will trust you once and help you with all my strength!"

"I don't dare to say anything else, but no one is more familiar with this Infernal Corpse Forest than me." Long Yi also laughed.

"Let's go, ghost qi has a huge impact on your perception, but I have lived here for thousands of years, and this kind of impact can be considered negligible." After Long Yi finished speaking, his dragon eyes suddenly shrank. The next moment, It was the discovery of Yu Hui and Yu Jing.

"West, let's go!" After Long Yi finished speaking, Xiao Yan's speed also skyrocketed. This kind of opportunity is not waiting for me.

"Hey, hey, Xiao Yan, slow down, what are you doing in such a hurry?" Mu Feng also said extremely depressed, and the moment he spoke, he followed Xiao Yan's pace.

On the other hand, the situation of Yu Hui and Yu Jing is not optimistic at this time. It should be that the battle with Mu Yingying just now not only cost a lot of blood to summon the silver blue thunder wolf king, but also to the silver blue thunder wolf king. A lot of thunder attribute vindictiveness has been injected, so the two of them now are like fish to be slaughtered on the chopping block.

After the two of them lost the battle, I also fled quickly. They knew how powerful Mu Yingying was, not to mention that there was a Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger beside him who was comparable to a human five-star fighting emperor, so they had no choice but to flee, after all They stayed so that Qingshan was not afraid of running out of firewood, but Mu Yingying did not chase after them, and their points were retained. Now they just need to calm down and wait for the injury to recover.

"Brother, this Mu Yingying is so cunning!" Yu Jing's sluggish voice came from a small cave with a size of ten feet Damn Mu Yingying and the Heavenly Fire Holy Tiger, wait for me After the injury is healed, I will definitely take revenge! "Yu Hui also gritted his teeth.

The reason why they dared to challenge Mu Yingying is that on the one hand, they have the trump card of the silver blue wolf king, and on the other hand, they have information. Unfortunately, the information was wrong, and they did not expect that Mu Yingying was surrounded by such a powerful magical beast guardian!

"Damn Qiuhuo Bird!"

"You actually sold fake information to us!" Yu Hui was also annoyed, but thinking about it carefully, this Qiu Huaniao was also the eighth place in the points plundering competition. How could he sell the first-place information to himself? This is obvious. It was a deliberate murder!

"Ah!"

"It seems that the second brother Yu Hui is talking about me, but these two brothers are also hopelessly stupid, how could this first place be taken by you so easily, the one beside Mu Yingying is comparable to five human beings. I deliberately concealed the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger of the mid-stage Star Dou Emperor."

"It's for those huge points on you!"

"Hahaha!"

"Search for me and find the two seriously injured brothers. The points on their bodies are yours!" Not far away, a man with some scars on his face also said.

After he finished speaking, the men beside the man also dispersed.

If Yu Hui was here, he would be able to discover that this person is Qiu Huo Niao!

"It's in the cave in front." Long Yi's voice also came.

Ask for a ticket~