Chapter 151: 7 minutes big 0 world!

"Have you been conditioned?" The Golden Dragon King also obviously found that Xiao Yan had withdrawn from the cultivation state, and turned his head to ask.

"Yeah." Saying that, Xiao Yan also got off the bed and walked towards his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Master, you are hesitant to say anything, do you have something on your mind?" Xiao Yan walked up to his master, the Golden Dragon King, poured him a cup of tea and said.

"I didn't want to tell you what I didn't want to tell you, but the kid with the sword also said something before, so I'll tell you more carefully." The Golden Dragon King also took a sip of the tea ceremony.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan was also quite happy about this. Although Wang Zhong said something about Xuan Sansan, how could what Wang Zhong said be as well-informed as his master Jinlong King.

"Human beings are primates of all things. Although they are inferior in physique to monsters, they are superior to primates with wisdom. In the ancient times, your human ancestors, in order to pursue the idea of ​​longevity, countless generations of wise and wise people went forward one after another. , devoting a lifetime of energy, studying hard, and constantly improving, and finally created a way to cultivate vindictiveness!"

"That's how you practice fighting qi today. I have to say that you humans are really smart and know how to seek advantages and avoid disadvantages. In ancient times, the status of human beings was only slaves, allegiance to all kinds of ancient powerful beasts, but in your human beings With hard work, you can understand some of the creations of the world, master the tyrannical power as a mortal, and use the power of various secret treasures and powerful weapons to shock the sky. status."

"But so far, no one dares to know for sure about immortality in the true sense, but there are some peak powerhouses who stand on various continents. A long life with the same life as heaven and earth."

"On the Dou Di Continent, the vast expanse is boundless. In addition to humans and monsters, there are also some unknown wild places. Most of the wild places are dangerous with mountains and rivers, many ferocious beasts and birds of prey, and many evil miasma poisons. There are countless unknown monsters and ghosts hidden in it, cultivating the body in the place where the sun and flames are hidden, in order to transform into a human form."

"Therefore, there are innumerable mysteries vaguely hidden on the Dou Di Continent. Among them, there are many people, Buddhas, Daoists, demons, monsters and ghosts. They can tolerate and fear anything. It's just these supernatural things that are mainly formed by cultivation. Often hidden in the mountains and rivers, it is not known." The Golden Dragon King also took a sip of tea and said.

Xiao Yan was also surprised when he heard the words. Obviously, he did not know such important news, and it was not difficult to hear from the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, that in addition to humans and monsters, there were many mysterious places and cultivation practices on Dou Di Continent. Way.

Humans, Buddhists, Daoists and Demons, monsters and ghosts.

However, the cultivation methods of these monsters, ghosts, and monsters are the same. After all, they are all based on cultivation in human form.

"What I want to tell you is also related to this."

"The so-called Daqian world is a seven-point Daqian!"

"It's divided into seven realms!"

"They are the human realm, the Buddha realm, the **** realm, the demon realm, the demon realm, the ghost realm, and the heaven realm." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Isn't it the Great Thousand Worlds? How could it be transformed into the Seven Worlds?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly upon hearing this.

"In those ancient times, it was indeed divided into a thousand worlds, but now there are some powerful enough powerhouses born in the seven worlds. They broke through the current plane, gathered together and made an oath, so they separated their respective the world is unified.”

"It's said to be unification, but in fact it's just drawing enough power of belief from the lower realm to make them follow the rumored "Battle God" realm, but how can the Dou God be so easy to achieve..."

"In other words, the Dou Di Continent can be regarded as a branch of the human world."

"Each world is composed of three planes with countless upper, middle, lower, and third planes."

"The Dou Qi Continent where you and Tuo She are located can only be regarded as a lower plane at best, and this Dou Di Continent is enough to be called an upper plane!" The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

Xiao Yan was also dizzy when he heard this. Obviously these things exceeded his understanding, and he immediately rubbed his forehead with his hands.

"It's still too early to tell you this, but I just want to remind you that the Xiao clan you belong to has provoked a lot of enemies, and you also have the blood of the Xiao clan flowing in you, so your responsibility is becoming more and more important. ."

"Moreover, Tuo She and I also have a **** feud with some old monsters in the Seven Realms!" The Golden Dragon King said his eyes became deep.

Xiao Yan also stared blankly at his master Golden Dragon King. Obviously, he had never seen such an appearance since he met his master Golden Dragon King.

"Hey, really... I remembered something unpleasant." The Golden Dragon King also suddenly smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Master, you don't have to worry too much, you are a teacher for one day and a father for a lifetime." Xiao Yan also said softly.

When the Golden Dragon King heard the words, he wanted to say something in Du, but he saw that Xiao Yan suddenly had a different feeling in front of him.

This feeling is exactly the same as that of the fledgling Tuo She.

"You kid..."

"Don't worry, Tuoshe, your disciple is also my disciple, and I will definitely pass it on..." The Golden Dragon King also said in a voice that could only be heard by himself.

In a distant space, there is a huge hall. The hall is splendid, with many seemingly expensive jewels, and seven beads support the entire hall.

On the seat of the splendid golden hall master, a seemingly weak woman was sitting quietly with her eyes closed.

"What's up?"

"Are you uncomfortable again?" said a blond man walking towards him.

"I'm fine, since the world master retreated, I always feel like someone is spying on us..." The woman also showed a seductive smile.

"who is it!"

"You're actually spying on the secrets of my human world!" The blond man also shot a ray of light from his eyes and shouted loudly while staring into the distance.

After swept away to no avail, his eyes softened again, and then he gently picked up the woman sitting above the master. Just as he was about to walk, a red figure appeared out of thin air.

"Deputy World Lord!"

"The big thing is bad!"

"Someone from the Xiao family in the "Immortal Cage" has escaped!"

The blond man's original soft eyes also seemed to have undergone a major change instantly revealed a fierce light!

"Damn!"

"Isn't it asking you to keep watch at any time?"

"Give me all the power to move the Human World, the people of the Xiao family must find it, otherwise..." The blond man said that he didn't continue talking here.

"Yes!" The red figure was also in a cold sweat when he heard the words, but the reputation of this deputy world master is...

"The world master said before the retreat that the people of the Xiao clan would not be imprisoned so easily, what are you going to do now?" The woman also blinked and looked at the blond man.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I have my own way!" the blond man said.

"What's the matter with you..."

"The Xiao family is not so easy to deal with..."

"Moreover, there seem to be some people on Dou Qi Continent who broke through Dou Di and promoted to Dou Di Continent. Don't you need to send someone to encircle and suppress them?" The woman also muttered to herself.

"However, Merely Dou Di, I can kill it with my hand. Now it's better for Xiao to go after the fleeing Xiao clan."

"This **** Xiao clan is really dead!" The blond man also said viciously, then put down the beauty that was like glue in his hand, and hurriedly left the hall.

There should be no more today, I can't figure out the dizziness, and I will continue to add more tomorrow!

Ask for a recommendation and ask for a monthly pass~