Chapter Vol 4 1675: The King of Immortal Nether Sparrow!

"Boom!" The mighty three-color half-Buddha wrathful fire lotus shone like dawn, completely destroying the power of countless pure hearts, and even the entire void became illusory, with a strong death. Breath emerges.

"Cough, cough..." After a while, Xiao Yan's body suddenly fell from mid-air towards the bottom. It was obvious that the Buddha's anger lotus, which had just been three-and-a-half colors, had consumed too much of Xiao Yan's vindictive energy.

"Have they all disappeared?" He fell to the ground, gasping for breath. He didn't care too much, so he took out the Emperor Spirit Pill and swallowed it.

Emperor Lingdan, which can be taken once a month, can restore 60% of Dou Qi in a short period of time.

"Crash!" A deafening voice sounded, but the voices of the four Demon Guards and other powerhouses disappeared in an instant. According to Xiao Yan's perception, the soul origin of the Four Souls and Mu Wushuang should have been captured by him. Completely obliterated, as for the four demon guards, I am afraid that they are also turned into nothingness under the fusion of their own holy flames.

No matter what, the formidable power contained in the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus in three colors and a half can be learned from the world, and naturally the four demon guards can't handle it.

"Hehe... This little guy has a lot of details, and he actually has three holy flames, tsk tsk." After the breath, in a rather dark place, the Heishan Longlang grinned.

"Huhu." After a while, Xiao Yan's breath recovered a lot, and then he glanced away slightly.

The power contained in the three-color and half-colored Buddha's Fury Lotus turned this place into nothingness, and even the towering ancient trees and the Wuzhi Mountain formation disappeared completely, leaving only an extremely huge giant pit. The hot fluctuations emerged, obviously the fluctuations of the holy flame, as for other places, it was a mess.

"By the way, little Zhuoma!" As if remembering something, Xiao Yan rolled over and walked towards the giant pit step by step.

"Boom!" At the same time, a sense of awe filled this void.

"What!" Xiao Yan's keen sense of smell was hurriedly startled, and his eyes narrowed to scan the messy void.

For a moment just now, it seemed that some creature was staring at him, but in that moment, Xiao Yan's whole body was cold, like a dying person!

"Xuuuu!" At the same time, at the top of this void, an eagle-like cry resounded completely. With the appearance of this sound, Xiao Yan's heart became solemn again.

"This... this is?"

"Enlarged version of the immortal ghost bird?" Xiao Yan's eyes widened, the boss hurriedly said.

"Boom!" The strange voices continued, but at the top of this messy void, a huge black shadow obscuring the sun descended vertically and shot towards Xiao Yan.

The whole is like a tit, the dark brown feathers, and the golden giant claws indicate an extremely tyrannical attack. The most conspicuous, is the crown of the head, a ray of gray flame, beating slowly.

The gray flame, like an elves, contains extremely mysterious power.

"Weng humming!" For a time, the undead underworld sparrow, which was seriously injured in Xiao Yan's body, also burst into strange waves.

"what?"

"Is this guy the King of the Undead Sparrow?"

"Your undead nymphs are the guardian spirit beasts that guard undead fire?" After the breath, the undead nymphs in Xiao Yan told Xiao Yan some obscure information, and Xiao Yan was suddenly shocked.

"Boom!"

"Humans, retreat!" The king of undead ghosts with a huge body and a proud head lowered towards Xiao Yan said to Xiao Yan.

"This..." Xiao Yan fell into a short period of thought. Now that all the powerhouses competing for the Undying Fire have been resolved, if he retreats, the Undying Fire will probably have to give up.

The strength of the King of Undead Sparrows in front of him is probably already at the level of a six-star Fighting Immortal. Compared with the Undying Sparrow in his body, it is much more tyrannical, but to make Xiao Yan give up Undying Fire, for Xiao Yan, it is still There are many reluctances.

"Don't worry, fight once." After a while, Xiao Yan's pupils became deep, and a wave of determination emerged.

Up to now, all I can do is try my best.

"Fighting soul, the undead ghost, come out for me!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and above his body, the phantom body of the undead sparrow emerged.

"Oh……"

"Descendants of my clan?" Seeing the same energy phantom on Xiao Yan's body, the king couldn't help but muttered.

"Immortal Fire Feather!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's voice sounded like thunder, and the Feather Feather on his body trembled, turning into a sky-filled fire feather and blasting towards this guy.

"Bang bang bang." The seemingly fierce dark brown feathers burst out, and the King of Undead Nether Sparrow slapped it casually, the space was silent, and the attack was easily resolved.

"Guru."

"This..." Difficulty swallowing, Xiao Yan looked at the man suspiciously.

"Thank you, this guy, for completely breaking the imprisonment set by the undead fire on me, in order to thank you..."

"Hand over the three holy flames in your body together!"

"Hahaha!" The voice just fell, and around the man, circles of gray flames spread out like energy ripples. The flames were extremely hot and immortal, which was shocking.

"It's really a wave of unresolved waves, a fire that never dies..." Xiao Yan was a little helpless, but his body was full of fighting spirit.

The goal of the King of the Undying Nether Sparrow should also be Undying Fire, but it's just that he can't handle such a behemoth now.

"Oh, forget it, the battle just now has exhausted me."

"No..."

"This is the source fire of the other three holy flames in my body, but I have a request On Xiao Yan's palm, three flames of different colors are beating.

The three groups of flames are the flames of holy flames, but they are far from the real origin of holy flames. At best, they are only sub-fires, but they are covered by Xiao Yan, so the King of Undead Nether Sparrows did not find them either.

"What are the conditions?" The man sensed it and said with a smile after finding that the three flames on Xiao Yan's palm did not contain any traps.

"Thank you for your kindness of not killing the senior, but the fire of immortality is the holy flame in the top 20. I wonder if I can let the kid watch the evolution of the senior's devouring?" Xiao Yan said humbly, the holy flame on the palm of his hand directly confronted him. It pushes away.

"This guy, just give me the holy flame so easily?" The King of the Undead Nether Sparrow accepted the three flames and asked suspiciously.

"Senior don't need to worry. The battle just now consumed too much of the junior's strength. It would be too unwise to have a conflict with a strong enough to reach the six-star Dou Xian at this time."

"But even if I die, I want to see the fire of immortality with my own eyes, so I hope that the younger generation will be successful." Xiao Yan said sincerely, very sincere, and it didn't look like a performance at all.

"Okay, this king will satisfy you. After this is done, your undead ghost fighting soul, this king, will also repair it for you."

"Let's start." As soon as he finished speaking, the man was transforming into the real body of an immortal sparrow. The hot gray flames on his head kept beating. In a short period of time, four flames of different colors continued to spin around his head! !

Four holy flames!

Although there are only four Saint Yanzi fires, if such a scene is left unchecked in any part of the world, it will probably cause a lot of changes, but there is a fleeting smile on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.