Chapter 286: Xiao Yan's choice, Burning Incense Pavilion!

Xiao Yan was also shocked at this time.

If King Xuanling's promise that Xiao Yan's condition to break through the battle of immortals in 70 years is not attractive enough, then what the old Dangu said will let Xiao Yan be promoted to the Immortal Rank Alchemist within 20 years is very important. of!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The more advanced a pharmacist is, the more difficult it is to cultivate!

After all, the improvement of medicine refining is more difficult than ordinary fighting qi cultivation, but there is no doubt that a strong pharmacist is more important than a fighting qi cultivator!

Xiao Yan's current strength is already an alchemist of the first rank of the emperor. After passing through the second rank of the emperor, and after the third rank of the emperor, he is the alchemist of the fourth rank of the immortal!

Don't think that this is only a small level, the difficulty of breaking through is more difficult than reaching the sky!

"Tsk tsk tsk, Shizu, can I still change sects..." Xiao Yan also smiled bitterly. Obviously, the conditions of this pill valley also made Xiao Yan's indifferent heart feel a little bit moved.

"Cough, cough, don't be tempted by these superficial things. Join the Burning Incense Pavilion, and you will only get more things in the future than you have now..."

"Besides, there is a lot of connection between this holy flame and the Fenxiang Pavilion, otherwise I can't let you join this incense pavilion in vain." The Golden Dragon King was also surprised, and obviously found that Xiao Yan's just words were inadvertently wrong, but Still speaking.

"Hehe, holy flame..."

"Compared with Sheng Yan, this kind of thing is nothing to be concerned about..." Hearing Sheng Yan, Xiao Yan's heart was calmed down.

After all, although the promises made by King Xuanling and Pill Valley are extremely tempting, Xiao Yan is not a fool. If a sect cultivates disciples like this, he will definitely inherit the position of sect master in the future. The shopkeeper is also quite a headache for these things.

As soon as the words of the old Dangu came out, there was a sudden silence like death...

The alchemist of the Immortal Rank, the people present are also very clear about his identity and status!

Even King Xuanling, who has reached the nine-star Dou Di in strength, and who does not know how many times he has reached the peak of Dou Di, should be polite to him!

Immortal-level pharmacists are able to refine immortal-level medicinal pills, and immortal warriors are also willing to serve them.

"Immortal alchemist? What are you kidding?"

"Could it be your Valley Master?" King Xuanling also said slowly...

"Haha, it's just fighting immortals." The old Dan Gu also said slowly, but there was an unquestionable pressure in his voice.

"damn it……"

"I didn't expect that there is actually a Dou Xian in this Pill Valley..."

"It seems that the plan is ahead of schedule..." King Xuanling also had an ugly expression on his face, and then murmured in his heart.

When Solomon's strong man saw King Xuanling's expression, it was also vague, as if he was thinking about something.

"It is said that the owner of this Pill Valley is an Immortal Rank Alchemist. No one knows what the Immortal Rank is, but decades ago, the strength of the Pill Valley Lord had already reached the peak of the rank nine Dou Emperor. Immortal is also a step away, but there are few rumors in these years..."

"Maybe it's impacting the level of fighting immortals..."

"This Pill Valley Master is not a Dou Xian, or he can refine a pill that is enough to make Dou Xian strong enough to be jealous. If he really breaks through Dou Xian, then the overall strength and status of Pill Valley will also be... "Chang Yu on the side also said slowly.

"I never imagined that this Pill Valley would be so terrifying..." Xiao Yan also grinned, quite envious.

"Okay, Xiao Yan, what are your thoughts?" The old Dan Gu also looked at Xiao Yan with a slow smile, as if he was not impatient at all.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Maybe I'm going to disappoint senior..."

"I thought about it and decided to join the Burning Incense Pavilion." Xiao Yan was also slightly apologetic and respectfully said to the many powerhouses in the sky with a painful expression.

"what?"

"You actually rejected my Pill Valley?"

"Do you know what that means?"

"Don't want to ruin your future for some irrelevant people." The old man in Dangu also opened his pupils tightly!

As Xiao Yan's voice hadn't fallen, the many powerhouses in the sky were also surprised.

Could it be that this Xiao Yan has a mental illness?

The Xuanling Royal Family and Pill Valley, who were well placed, did not join, but ended up joining this Burning Incense Pavilion instead?

Although the overall strength of the Burning Incense Pavilion is not ranked among the nine super sects, it belongs to the middle part, but it is not comparable to the Xuanling Royal Family and Pill Valley!

This Xuanling royal family is an existence that will make Xuantian tremble if they say a word in this Xuanling Continent!

Moreover, the Xuanling royal family is willing to use the resources of the royal family to help Xiao Yan break through the battle of immortals within 70 years!

Don't think it's easy to say, now Xiao Yan's strength is in the early stage of the 4-star Dou Emperor, and there are faint signs of breaking through the middle stage of the 4-star Dou Emperor, but he is still a long way from Dou Xian!

If Xiao Yan joined the Xuanling royal family, it would undoubtedly mean that he had already stepped into the level of Dou Xian. With his talent and the huge resources of the Xuanling royal family, breaking through Dou Xian within 70 years is just around the corner!

Looking at Pill Valley, in addition to being based on the Xuanling royal family, he is also willing to help Xiao Yan step into the Immortal Rank Alchemist!

The qualification of fighting immortal powerhouse, in addition to the terrifying potential of immortal-level medicine refining, if it is anyone present, the terror will join Pill Valley.

After all, although this Pill Valley rarely disputes the ranking of super sects, its hegemony status is unshakable!

"Xiao Yan, you have to think about it!" The old man in Pill Valley also came back to his senses, and immediately snorted at Xiao Yan.

"Well, think about it clearly."

"Junior Xiao Yan, joined the Burning Incense Pavilion, I wonder if the seniors will accept it?" Xiao Yan also looked at Chang Yu with interest. He also cultivated fire attribute vindictiveness. The people in the Yin Corpse Forest and the Burning Incense Pavilion also had some kindness. With the breath, and the words of his master Jinlong King, Xiao Yan is also willing to join this sect.

"Hey, you kid." Chang Yu also smiled, and then waved his hand, Xiao Yan appeared behind Chang Yu.

"damn it!"

"Chang Yu!"

"What kind of drug did you feed this kid to make him willing to join your Burning Incense Pavilion!" The old Dangu said angrily.

This time, he had written down the military order to Dan Valley!

Be sure to bring this first place back!

After all, the first place in this point plundering competition is different from the previous ones This time in the point plundering competition, it happened that the twin ghost emperors broke through the seal, so the quality of the first place was far better than any previous competition. Points Raid!

"Humph!"

"Joining the sect is inherently free, so why would you say that you are addicted to drugs?" Chang Yu said with a strong aura.

"You you you!" The old Dangu man was also furious, looking at Chang Yu with some resentment, as if a war was about to break out.

"Okay, since he's made up his mind, let's just let it be."

"Aren't there some excellent seedlings down there?" It was the woman from Wanhua Pavilion who spoke.

"Humph!" The old Dan Gu also snorted coldly, and then stopped looking at Chang Yu, but the anger in his heart remained undiminished.

"Look at you kid, it's all your fault..." Chang Yu also looked at Xiao Yan behind him and smiled.

"It's none of my business..." Xiao Yan also spread his hands helplessly.

"Speaking of which, why did you join and I would join your Burning Incense Pavilion?" Xiao Yan also asked in doubt.

"Hahaha, of course I know." Chang Yu also laughed.

"Senior Nine Soul Stele told you, right?" Xiao Yan also guessed.

"You're smart." Chang Yu also laughed.

"Hey, I always feel like I've fallen into a trap..." Xiao Yan was also helpless, then looked at the last three people on the ground.

Ask for tickets!