Chapter Vol 4 1184: rare calm

"Lord City Lord, we knew we were wrong..."

"We don't dare any more!"

"I beg your lord, please forgive us." The black-faced tiger and the knife-scarred wolf originally had a calm look, but after the black-gold blood instantly wiped out the scum of Yugan and the **** demon ape fighting soul, Seemingly frightened, he couldn't help trembling.

Others are now the strength of the early stage of the three-star fighting immortal, but they were killed in seconds if they couldn't hold out even one round in the hands of the dead wind black and golden blood, which made the two black-faced tigers, whose strength was only in the late stage of the two-star fighting immortal, could not help but fear. .

"I'm just talking about it now... I'm afraid it's too late." Death Feng was naturally not an indecisive person, black and golden blood was pouring out, and he shot frantically at the two of them.

"Run!" The black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf also resisted desperately, otherwise the chance of survival would disappear in an instant.

"Gulugulu!" Before the two of them walked ten meters, the black-gold blood quietly caught up with the two, and then the two turned into a pool of pus and blood directly under the mysterious power of the black-gold blood.

"Pfft." And it seemed that Yugan and the two heads of the mad demon group were easily wiped out, but the dead wind suddenly spewed out a mouthful of bright red blood, obviously using the black and golden blood to bring him quite serious internal injuries .

"The White Crane, the Mad Demons, and the Yu Family will not be spared."

"Slightly slightly..." After Death Wind finished speaking, his body weakened.

"Master, Master Xiao Yan, you all go back, we will naturally handle the rest." Bai He said with a smile.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Death Feng looked at each other, and then they paired up and headed back to Ghost King City.

"In a few days, the person in charge of this mission will be here, and I will inform you when the time comes." He was speechless all the way, and just arrived at the Ghost King City, he suddenly opened his mouth and said.

"These are some healing medicinal pills." Xiao Yan directly took out some high-quality medicinal pills, and without hesitation, went directly to the inn where he lived.

"This guy." Seeing this, Death Feng was not polite. He took it directly and headed towards his mansion. He had to adjust his breath, otherwise he would fall into a dark attack.

And with the shattering of Yugan's plan, the entire mad demon group, as well as the Yu family, were secretly uprooted by Baihe and his party.

"This Yu family has great ambitions, and it is reasonable to have this fate."

"It's just a pity that the undead leaves." Qing Ming, standing in the living room of the Qing family compound, said slowly.

"Father, that Xiao Yan..." Qing Wen, who was beside him, couldn't help but say.

Apparently, Qingwen's attitude towards Xiao Yan has changed drastically since he learned about Xiao Yan's third-rank pharmacist.

"Isn't the golden lin a thing in the pool?"

"Let him go." Qing Ming also shook his head, obviously Xiao Yan reached this level at such an age, which is enough to show that this guy is far beyond ordinary people in terms of background and talent.

"Xiao Yan accepted the entrusted mission, it seems that this time we can't go together."

"You and Qinger pack up. You should also go out to practice."

"The ratio of Dongzhou will be a good stage for you."

"When the ratio of Dongzhou is over, the position of the head of the family will be given to you logically, and Qing'er's marriage will also be up to him at that time." Qing Ming said.

"Okay." Qing Wen was overjoyed when he heard the words.

He knew that the reason why he didn't practice hard was to get rid of the family marriage, and the prerequisite for getting rid of it was enough strength. Obviously, his father could say this, which symbolized that Qinger had exchanged her efforts for her. There was a lot of respect, and with the export of these words, Qing Wen also knew that Qing'er's purpose had finally been achieved.

in the inn.

"Huhu."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Immortal leaves, seal fighting skills, the materials for the first transformation of Dragon God Transformation."

"Now that everything is ready, the only thing I owe is the east wind."

"Undead Ye is not in a hurry. After I devour the fighting spirit, I should be able to perceive where Undead Ye is in the ghost world."

"As for the first transformation of cultivating the Dragon God Transformation, this matter can't be sloppy, it can only be done in secret."

"In the next time, I will cultivate this seal fighting skill first. At that time, it will be enough to deal with the powerhouses who are stronger than me. This is the most important thing." Xiao Yan sat quietly on the bed, thinking. road.

"Seal fighting skills." After thinking about it, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate. With a wave of his palm, the scroll he had snatched from the previous head of the hammer mercenary group suddenly appeared slowly.

The Sealing Dou Technique just appeared, and a dazzling red light filled the house. If Xiao Yan had not set up the Soul Barrier in advance, he might have been discovered by outsiders.

"What a **** fluctuation."

"As expected of a blood-devouring tablet." Xiao Yan held the seal fighting skill tightly in his hands, and said with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

The potential of this seal fighting skill is endless, because it can improve with the improvement of the cultivator's strength.

"Open it and have a look." The next moment, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, because Xiao Yan now has a lot of attack methods, and it is the special method that lacks the sealing fighting skill.

"Boom boom boom!" The soul power just touched the red light outside the scroll, and Xiao Yan's soul power seemed to be swallowed up by the **** red light!

"What's going on?" Seeing his soul power being swallowed up by it in an instant, Xiao Yan lost his mind for a while.

"Soul-devouring blood tablet, this thing has restraint the power of the soul, so you use the power of the soul to explore its secrets, which is tantamount to death." At this moment, the voice of the Lord of Soul Eater's disgust came out slowly.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was covered with black lines. Sure enough, he was in a hurry.

"When dealing with things, you can be firm and soft." Lord Soul Eater Zaidu said.

"just?"

"Rou?" Xiao Yan heard the words, exhaled softly, and then pondered.

"Is it Sheng Yan?" The next moment, Xiao understood what the Soul Eater said.

"Ruzi can be taught." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he also stood quietly by the side.

"Since that's the case, then let me see how powerful your seal fighting skills are!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, and the blue-yellow flames all over his body attacked his red light.

And this time, along with Xiao Yan's holy aura, the **** red light on the scroll was instantly ~ It was completely destroyed by Xiao Yan's holy flame in a short time. Erase, thus turning into a scroll that swept through the ordinary.

"Blood-devouring monument."

"The monument is divided into three layers, the first layer of blood monuments suppresses evil spirits, the second layer of blood monuments suppresses heroes, and the third layer of blood monuments suppresses blood spirits!"

"Take the spirit as the bite, take the blood as the town, and the square is the soul-devouring blood tablet."

Three short lines of striking big characters stood on the scroll. At first glance, Xiao Yan was like the Sanskrit sound of a Buddhist temple. His mind was as calm as water. The method of practice.

"This kid has a good temperament. In a few days, he should be able to learn the first level."

"The first level of the Soul Devouring Blood Monument is enough for him to deal with the powerhouses in the late stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal. As for the second level, don't worry." The Lord of Soul Eater looked at Xiao Yan, who was concentrating on researching and exploring the sealing fighting skills, and couldn't help laughing. road.

"It's just that I don't know where the black-gold blood in the hands of this dead wind came from..." At the end of the sentence, I went to think about the previous dead wind.

The black-gold blood light is just a drop, and it has the power to obliterate the three-star fighting immortal powerhouse. This is not something that ordinary powers can do.

"Yinhuntian is one of the largest territories under Lihunyu. I should meet some acquaintances on this trip to Dongzhou. It seems that my plan should be started." After the Lord of Soul Eater finished, the Soul Eater Talisman And the blood river bell constantly exudes a rather eerie light beam, dancing slowly.

Sort out Xiao Yan's skill information, and put the matter of Ghost King City to an end

End of this chapter