Chapter 648: Dawn Team

"Shabu Shabu!" There are many towering trees on the open ground of Luoling Mountain, so you don't have to worry about being discovered by others.

At this time, above a tree, a man with a heavy ruler on his back was walking fast and fast.

As for its feet, there is a blue fire cow with two horns, and a trace of yellow flame burning on the two horns is dying.

"Strange, the dead beasts here clearly have some blood, but why..." Xiao Yan had obviously seriously injured the Qinghuo Niu and kept following the Qinghuo Niu.

After following the Qinghuo Niu, Xiao Yan found that although the Qinghuo Niu was seriously injured by himself, the blood flowing from the wound lasted for only a few minutes and then no blood flowed out. Then the blood stopped flowing, and the Qinghuo Niu fell down with a plop. .

"Sisi." Seeing the Qinghuo Niu falling, Xiao Yan hurried to his side, still using the familiar method to check whether the Qinghuo Niu had a magic nucleus.

"This is already the tenth head, why is there still no magic core?" Xiao Yan shook his head and asked in confusion.

"It seems that there are some secrets in this Luoling Mountain, and I can feel it. The secrets in this Luoling Mountain seem to be related to the mountains where the three kings of Luoling Mountain live." Xinyan has been talking about these few days. Time seemed to notice something.

"But even if these dead beasts don't have magic cores, why are the blood power in their bodies so thin?"

"I can control the strength well, it is impossible for me to cause these dead beasts to bleed too much to death." Xiao Yan murmured.

Xiao Yan was looking at the body of Qinghuo Niu, but he still found nothing.

"Alas, it's really bad luck, how come the dead beasts in Luoling Mountain all look the same."

"Could it be that the power of blood in the body of the dead beast here is only one-tenth, so where did the rest of the blood and magic core go?" Xiao Yan stepped on the Qinghuo Niu and said slightly.

In the past few days, Xiao Yan killed a lot of dead beasts. Among these dead beasts, the strongest one had the level of the late six-star fighting emperor, but to Xiao Yan it was like a drop in the bucket.

However, after Xiao Yan killed several times in a row, he also discovered the secret of this dead beast.

There is indeed some blood in the bodies of these dead beasts, but the blood level is extremely rare. If the blood in a normal beast is compared to a hundred, I am afraid that this dead beast only has ten in its body.

Moreover, none of the beasts in this dead beast has the existence of a demon core.

It is true that normal monsters do not have magic cores at some probability, but for monsters above Dou Di, except for very special circumstances, all monsters have magic cores.

"Forget it, let's go back first. After finding a wooden sign, it is possible to enter the territory of the Five Elements Beasts. At that time, we will have to do whatever it takes to get the bodies of these Five Elements Beasts. This is the last ingredient to resurrect Xiao Xuan's ancestors. After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he suddenly felt that the breath belonging to Xiao Xuan's ancestor in Dao's body trembled slightly.

"Let's go, I'll have a good time to leave. If something happens to Mu Yingying and the others, with their strength, I'm afraid they won't be able to get a good deal." Xiao Yan directly burned the dead beast under his feet, and then slowly moved towards Return the same way.

Xiao Yan's speed was extremely fast, and within a few hours, he returned to the place where he and Mu Yingying and the others were separated.

"Where's the people?" Xiao Yan came here, and with the strength of his soul, he could indeed confirm that there were remnants of Mu Yingying's breath here, but he didn't see anyone.

He glanced at his eyes slightly, and found that there was no figure, and immediately frowned.

Because with his keen perception, Xiao Yan seemed to find that not only the breath of Mu Yingying and the others, but also the breath of others, although weak, was still captured by Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Flame?" At the next moment, a tiny blue flame suddenly burst out from the huge bushes in front of Xiao Yan.

"Come here." Xiao Yan said softly, and then the powerful suction force absorbed the power of the blue flame.

"I see... Did they find other powerful enemies? Let me be careful." Xiao Yan said to himself after feeling the news on the blue flame.

"Hehe, I thought the guy who was rumored to be in the Hall of Humanity was holy. It turned out to be a young boy." Just when Xiao Yan was about to leave, five terrifying figures suddenly surged around the bushes. out.

Among the five people, four men and one woman slowly surrounded Xiao Yan. As for the woman, she slowly stared at Xiao Yan, trying to control Xiao Yan's whereabouts!

"It's really a big battle..." Xiao Yan's head was a little hot, the five people in front of him were far from the strength of the Rainbow Team before!

Before the Rainbow Team was the most powerful, only the captain Feng Ling had reached the peak of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, but at this time, the strength of Xiao Yan's team in front of him was undoubtedly a lot higher than that of the Rainbow Team.

"I don't know how many..." Xiao Yan just opened his mouth when he was interrupted by one of the five.

"Don't talk nonsense, hand over the wooden sign on your body, and then get out of Luoling Mountain." A burly man who knew at a glance that he was a powerful man said sternly.

"Wood card..." Xiao Yan shrugged indifferently, then slowly fixed his eyes on the middle of the five people.

I don't know why, with Xiao Yan's keen perception and his own strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, I actually felt an extremely tyrannical pressure from this figure.

"Captain, this kid!" Seeing this, the burly man couldn't help but feel unhappy, and immediately said to the man in the middle of the team.

"The person who killed the twin ghost emperors is indeed a bit arrogant."

"But under the suppression of absolute strength, I believe that this kind of arrogance will be destroyed." The captain of the Dawning team spoke slowly.

"We are the Dawning Team, my name is Guanglu, she is my fiancee Anli, that is Tan Shaoyang, this is Qianzhang, as for the person who just told you, it is Qianqiu."

"Xiao Yan, although the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion have heard all kinds of things about you, we won't let it go."

"I also want to see how powerful you are who killed the twin ghost emperors."

"Let's go together." Guang Lu is naturally a discerning person. At first, he really did not believe that Xiao Yan killed the twin ghost emperors, but with the news that their palace masters told Guang Lu, let Guang Lu know that Xiao Yan is absolutely extraordinary. people, so I don't dare to take it lightly.

"Damn, five fights one, do you still have any sense of shame?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help sinking, and then the dazzling fighting spirit slowly blended out, and he was always vigilant against the Dawning Team.

In this Dawning Team, it is quite difficult for Xiao Yan to deal with the captain Guanglu alone, not to mention the other four teammates. Besides, in this Dawning Team, the strength of the other four teammates is not trivial.

Just after thinking about it, the Dawn Team launched an extremely fierce attack.

Ask for tickets!