Chapter Vol 4 2000: Senluo Hell, Evil King Golem!

"What the **** is going on here?" Countless questions plagued Xiao Yan, and in addition to the tiny hole in the back of everyone's neck, Xiao Yan questioned Gu Yang, the soul body.

"They are keeping us in captivity." Soul body Gu Yang's emotions were greatly affected, and his body trembled and said.

"But isn't Gu Yang back to normal?" Xiao Yan asked, this kind of thing was something he had seen in his life, and he was at a loss for a while.

"No, you are wrong."

"Today's ancient clan has been completely reduced to the base camp of foreign evil clan, and our ancient clan people are only their food and nourishment."

"After they controlled us, they scattered our souls and imprisoned them in the ancient prison, waiting for the day of the final grand ceremony. We will all be turned into nourishment, waiting for their new king to be born." Soul Body Gu Yang There was a hint of despair in his eyes, and he said softly, obviously the decades of imprisonment have made his soul body quite desperate.

"The first floor of the ancient prison is all like yours?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask with the last hope. This huge spiral attic has a very wide range from top to bottom. If this is the case, I'm afraid the bottom The creature contained in it will completely subvert Xiao Yan's cognition.

"The aliens have a very clear purpose. After they invaded our ancient clan, they sealed the entire ancient world, so that they could control us with the senior officials of the ancient clan. In the past, they were no different from real humans, but they have completely become them He was a puppet, so he expelled the soul body, sealed it here, and prepared for the grand ceremony."

"Everything is just to cultivate new kings."

"This is the situation in the entire ancient prison now. If there is no human being to rescue, the ancient clan will be completely destroyed in the near future..." Gu Yang's soul body said, when he said that the ancient clan was destroyed, his eyes were pierced. There was a tinge of self-blame in him.

The foundation that the countless ancestors of the ancient clan worked so hard to build was completely destroyed by them. The heart-wrenching pain made the corners of his eyes sour.

"How much time do we have?" Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"I don't know, but we're running out of time." Gu Yang shook his head helplessly. The current situation was not something that Xiao Yan could stop alone.

"I'll go down and have a look." After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan's figure was wriggling, turning into a black shadow and heading towards the bottom. Every time he descended a certain distance, a strong evil aura made Xiao Yan involuntarily vigilant. stand up.

Below the spiral attic on the first floor of the ancient prison is a brand new area, as if the attic above and the space standing below the attic are two separate and independent spaces, one is used to imprison the soul body, and the other is used to cultivate the strong .

In the space at the bottom, where the sun is covered in blood, it is a gloomy, blood-colored Asura world.

In the space, it is quite flat, and the tall demonic stone statues stand majestically, but all of them are stained with scarlet blood. The continuous piece of demon castle, the shape is very close to the demon's head, and they stand quietly here. In a spooky purgatory, endless skeletons are floating.

Seven or eight huge withered bone mountains stand tall, and the rolling river of blood whizzes past statues, castles, and bone mountains...

In the center of these demon castles, a rather small golem stands slightly. It absorbs countless powers continuously, and there is a faintly majestic vitality emerging. Several golems around are also headed. To worship it, it seems to be quite respectful to bow.

Xiao Yan stood quietly at the entrance of this Senluo **** space without taking a single step. The oppression given to Xiao Yan here is no less than the perfection level of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals. In addition, it is now a land of demons. , once his identity is exposed, I am afraid...

In the Senluo Hell below, blood is shining into the sky, endless blood-colored mist is lingering, and the smell of fish is disgusting.

There are broken limbs, internal organs, hands and feet, and heads everywhere. That kind of horrific scene is enough to make a real scalp tingle...

How much human blood and corpses were used in this scene?

Looking down the Demon Castle, on the barren and dark demonic land all around, a tyrannical body is scattered all around, and even more is hung on the wall in front of the Demon Castle, Xiao Yan is keen. His soul power smelled an extremely tyrannical oppression from it, obviously because there was a tyrannical powerhouse in front of the corpse, but he must have suffered countless capital punishments before his death, and all kinds of tragic conditions are still maintained.

"It seems... we must give them a big gift." When Xiao Yan saw the tiny golem in the depths of Senluo's hell, the holy flame and demon power in his body suddenly became restless, an indescribable feeling Depression swept through Xiao Yan's body.

Death, coldness, fear, and countless auras rushed toward the face. It seemed that the golem was continuously devouring the life force and even the soul of the imprisoned people of the ancient clan. Recovery, I am afraid at least the eight-star fighting fairy is complete, or even... reincarnation!

"Huhu." Xiao Yan took a deep breath, the amber flame in his body, the pale yellow immortal flame, and the dark green demon power, the three powers emerged together, and a crazy thought finally took shape in Xiao Yan's heart.

Since the holy flame can be fused and solidified, then here, the immortal flame can be completely fused, and the new flames of the fusion of five holy flames can be reproduced.

And with the fusion of the five holy flames, the power of the new flame will definitely not be weaker than that of the fourteenth or so holy flames. At that time, Xiao Yan's power will undoubtedly be on a level the power of the devil, Holy flame power.

One good and one evil.

Sacred to invulnerable to all evil, it is the most sacred and ancient pure flame in the Daqian world. The evil aura, the unparalleled evil, is the new attribute of the Daqian world without the ancients and the later, and it is also a new power. Can these two forces be able to? Complete integration is also an unknown.

But Xiao Yan knew that he had no choice at all. If he didn't stop the breeding of demons here in time, it wouldn't be long before the entire Douyun Continent would face an unprecedented disaster!

"No, I need to find Uncle Gu Yuan and a few people first." After a while, Xiao Yan put away the three forces, and the figure left here and walked towards the spiral attic. These guys must be rescued. There is an opportunity to perform a devastating blow, otherwise once the shot is taken, the power of the ancients will be destroyed by their own hands, and that will not be worth the loss.

However, the extremely perfect aura that Xiao Yan originally concealed was due to the sudden power of demons and holy flames, but it was exposed to the eyes of evil things in Senluo hell. An unprecedented crisis was waiting for Xiao Yan. .

At the same time, the so-called Son of Light also solved the evil and took the lead in stepping into the first floor of the ancient prison. It was also because of its existence that it gave Xiao Yan a chance to rescue the hostages.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: