Chapter Vol 4 1544: Xiao Gui's generosity!

"Xuanbingliantai?" Xiao Gui heard the words and immediately focused his attention on the scenery in front of him.

What appeared in front of the two was a rather special space, and after the lake was frozen, this treasure set up a space to protect itself.

The space was quite small, and there was only a white jade-colored lotus pedestal in front of the two of them.

"I didn't expect it to be the Xuanbing Lotus Terrace." After a while, Luo Menglan couldn't help but smiled sweetly. Obviously, about the records of the treasures in Lingshan, even the headmaster in their Lingyuan was not clear.

"Are you alright?" After a short while, Luo Menglan regained her attention, then looked at Xiao Gui who was beside him, and asked with concern, although the treasure is attractive, but this time if it wasn't for Xiao Gui to take the lead, I'm afraid that she might have nothing to do with it. Got it back.

"I'm fine, since entering here, the power of ice has suddenly weakened, and my wounds have gotten better." Xiao Gui smiled.

"By the way, the Xuanbing lotus platform you are talking about seems to be the lotus platform in front of you?" The next moment, Xiao Gui asked in doubt, apparently relying on Xiao Gui's perception, the lotus platform in front of him seemed to have nothing but shocking coldness. The strange thing is that there seems to be a white halo emerging from the lotus platform.

"You'll be fine."

"As for the Mysterious Ice Lotus Terrace in front of me, this is a rare treasure."

"Xuan Bing Lotus Terrace, which grows in extremely cold places, is a treasure that cannot be seen for thousands of years. It has been formed for a hundred years, and after thousands of years of tempering with the power of extreme cold, it has slowly become a real treasure. The pure power it contains will increase a lot."

"And this treasure is hard to find for those who cultivate the ice attribute, so it is hard to find a lot of money. It is used for cultivation. The continuous power of extreme cold emerges in the lotus platform, which has a multiplier effect for us, so it is It can speed up our cultivation." Luo Menglan's heart became hot, Dai Mu looked at the lotus platform in front of her, and smiled, obviously she knew the details of this treasure.

"Well, I'll leave this thing to you." Xiao Gui nodded lightly when he heard the words, obviously he didn't care about this thing.

"Hey Hey hey!"

"You really don't know how precious this thing is?" Luo Menglan couldn't help but exclaimed when she saw Xiao Gui said so casually, and then sat down with her legs crossed to adjust her breath.

This is the Mysterious Ice Lotus Terrace. Ice-type powerhouses use it to cultivate with less effort, but if other powerhouses obtain it, even if they auction it off, they may be able to possess terrifying wealth that can be rich to rival countries, because the Lotus Terrace is the most precious, and Not the lotus stand itself.

Where the Xuanbing Lotus Terrace is located, there must be lotus seeds.

And the truly precious place of Xuanbing Lotus Terrace is Xuanbing Lotus Seeds.

The Xuan Bing Lotus Terrace has experienced the erosion of the extreme cold air, condensing the lotus platform for a hundred years, and then continuously absorbing the power of the extreme cold every thousand years, using the energy absorbed by itself to temper itself, and the remaining power after tempering is stored in the lotus platform. Above, over time, it condensed into the so-called Xuanbing lotus seeds!

The value of the Xuanbing Lotus Terrace is at best only the average of the second-grade emperor-rank medicinal pills, but the value of one of the Xuanbing Lianzi is comparable to the fourth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pills!

For nothing else, it is because of the terrifying energy of the Xuan Bing lotus seed. That kind of power is comparable to the energy of some human four-star fighting immortals.

The difference between the two is huge!

"This thing is useful to you, I'm sure I can't take what I like, you hurry up and put it away." Xiao Gui naturally didn't know that Xuan Bing lotus seeds were hidden in the Xuan Bing Lotus Terrace, but even if he did, Xiao Gui would not be able to. Will do it, after all, this woman makes Xiao Gui quite happy.

"He's really a big fool." Seeing this, Luo Menglan looked helpless, and then walked slowly to Xiao Gui's side, a dazzling ice-type fighting qi emerged, and gently suppressed the cold qi on Xiao Gui's injured arm.

"I've temporarily suppressed the cold air for you. When I take this treasure and leave Lingshan, I will heal you." Luo Menglan smiled.

"Well, you go quickly." Xiao Gui said.

"Xuuuu." After doing all this, Luo Menglan cautiously walked towards the center, her eyes lightly scanned the entire space, and finally stopped on the white jade-colored lotus pedestal with the only view.

The white jade-colored lotus platform has a circular shape as a whole. Around the lotus platform, circles of pure white halos emerged, lingering the entire lotus platform.

On the lotus pedestal, some holes about the size of a finger exude a whitish halo, making the entire lotus pedestal extremely mysterious.

And around the lotus platform, a dazzling power of extreme cold emerged. As Luo Menglan approached, there was a burst of tremors in her body. Obviously, this power of extreme cold was not too stressful for her, who was also cultivating ice-type fighting qi. little.

"Xuan Bing Lotus Terrace..." Gritting his teeth, he resisted the extremely terrifying cold air step by step, and then slowly came to the lotus terrace, unable to help but speak slowly.

The whole lotus platform is pure white, but the lotus platform is suspended in the void, but under the lotus platform, a rhizome about the size of an arm is reflected in Luo Menglan's line of sight.

"This mysterious ice lotus platform really lives up to its reputation." Looking at the countless dense tentacles emerging on the rhizomes below the lotus platform, there is a near-crazy greed on these tentacles, which continuously absorbs the extreme cold in the entire lake. Power.

"Forget it... let's do it." After hesitating for a while, Luo Menglan was not ready to hesitate any more, after all, the treasure was in front of him, and the coldness on Xiao Gui's body was extremely uncomfortable.

"Crash!" In an instant dazzling white fighting qi suddenly emerged from Luo Menglan's body, and then lingered on her palm. At that time, countless white fighting qi formed a pair of crystal clear cold on her palm. Ice Gloves!

"Be careful, those extreme cold powers are extremely terrifying." Seeing Luo Menglan preparing to start, Xiao Gui couldn't help but say.

"En." Luo Menglan nodded lightly, then raised her palm and gently walked towards the hole in the lotus platform!

She knew that the most precious of the Xuan Bing lotus seeds was the Xuan Bing lotus seeds, and the Xuan Bing lotus seeds were in the lotus terrace. Through these holes, you could directly contact the Xuan Bing lotus seeds!

"Weng buzzing!" The palm just touched the whole body of the lotus platform, and suddenly a pure **** of extreme cold emerged uncontrollably from the tentacles below the lotus platform, madly shooting at Luo Menglan, as if he noticed The lotus platform is eroded, and the main body is automatically protected.

"Humph!" Seeing this, Luo Menglan couldn't help but snorted coldly. At that time, the white gloves on the palm of the ice suddenly burst out with an extremely tyrannical force, slowly defeating the extreme cold force above the tentacles, but its There were also many beads of sweat on his forehead. Obviously, the attack just now seemed simple, but it took Luo Menglan's rather majestic fighting spirit.

"Ice Elemental Celestial Seed?" Xiao Gui on the side, when Luo Menglan defeated the extreme cold power above his tentacles, clearly smelled a wave that made his heart palpitate, but that wave emerged from Luo Menglan's body. flashed away.