Chapter 498: Fighter's power!

As soon as the man in black finished speaking, under his body covered by the black robe, a fear from the depths of his soul emerged!

Because the idea of ​​the man in black just now was to defeat this Shefu first. After all, after the battle just now, Shefu already had a lot of injuries in his body, and his vindictive energy was exhausted, so it was better to deal with it, so far he forgot about Zhujin !

Zhu Jin is known as the first battle formation master in the entire Xuan Santian!

As long as you give Zhu Jin enough time, let alone a half-immortal, I am afraid that all three can be easily dealt with!

This is the horror of a battle formation master!

"Susu... I actually forgot about this bamboo ember." Under the black robe, an awe-inspiring killing intent emerged!

"Humph!" Seeing this, Shefu immediately completed the task of delaying time. His figure suddenly shook, and a terrifying change of strength dissipated the offensive of the man in black!

"No matter where you are holy!"

"Be imprisoned in my minefield!" At the next moment, Zhu Jin's pupils behind Shefu suddenly opened, and a monstrous fighting spirit permeated out, and with it came an extremely huge spiritual power!

"Shabu Shabu!" As Zhu Jin opened his eyes, the silver-white scroll above his head suddenly burst out with a very bright light, and then a rather mysterious force separated from the silver-white scroll, and then faced the The man in black exploded from where he was!

"Damn... I can't even move!" After Shefu broke free from his own attack, the man in black simply gave up the idea of ​​attacking Shefu, because the Shefu at this time was already at the end of the line. The people in black are quite afraid!

An invisible force separated from the silver-white scroll, and then a dazzling light suddenly wrapped the man in black, causing the man in black to slow down!

"Thunderfield!"

"Ning!" Zhu Jin's pupils shrank tightly, and an extremely terrifying birthday black and **** emerged in those eyes, and then the power on the silver-white scroll began to squirm around the man in black!

"What kind of power is this..." The man in black found that no matter what he did, he couldn't break through the dazzling light. Immediately, there was a trace of surprise under the black robe, and then there was a hint of hesitation in the scarlet pupils.

"Shabu!" Just when the man in black hesitated, the dazzling light instantly wrapped the man in black, and then a strange silver light appeared in the space of nearly a few hundred meters around the man in black!

"Is this the Thunder Territory... Legend has it that Zhujin's battle formation master has several formations that are enough to threaten the real battle immortal powerhouse..."

"This Thunder Territory Formation is one of them. The power of the thunder attribute has been domineering since ancient times. With the paralyzing power in the thunder, I am afraid that this man in black will suffer." Shefu immediately retreated. When he came to the side, he stared at Zhu Jin who was at a stalemate with the man in black and spoke slowly.

"Susu... I didn't expect it to be calculated." The man in black was in the Thunder Field Array at this time, and thunderstorms of dozens of meters continued to emerge in the Thunder Field Array, exuding extreme terror from there. In the fluctuating power of thunder, the men in black felt a great pressure.

"The identity of the first battle formation master in Xuantian Santian is really extraordinary!" The man in black said gloomily, but there was a hint of vigilance in his voice. People in black have to be careful.

"Leiyu, purify all things!"

"Evil power, hurry back and disperse!" Zhu Jin's majestic voice filled the entire sky, and then his figure flashed instantly, and disappeared into the sky the next moment. When Du appeared, he had already entered the Thunder Field Array. Among them, master the formation center!

"Susu...Zhu Jin, your status as the number one battle formation master in Xuantiantian, this protector has to admit that it is extremely terrifying, but if you think that you want to subdue me by relying on the mere formation, then it is nothing short of fantastic! "The man in black said hideously!

"Subdue?"

"Hahaha!"

"People from the ghost world are also worthy of saying such things to our people from Xuan Santian?"

"You people from the ghost realm have brutally killed countless human beings in our Xuantian days. This time I just avenge those who died." Zhu Jin was hidden in the thunder field array hundreds of meters away, and the voice came from the thunder field. It spread around in the middle, so that the man in black could not tell the exact location of Zhu Jin.

"Then come on, let you know that the people of my ghost world are not comparable to those of you Xuan Santian. As for those who died, they have been absorbed by us and turned into a part of our power."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha!" After the man in black finished speaking, the body covered by the black robe instantly trembled, and then the next moment, a monstrous black light suddenly erupted, and then the figure of the man in black disappeared without a trace, replaced by A very strange black fog!

In the black mist, there were terrifying fluctuations, and above the black mist, a pair of scarlet pupils emerged.

At the moment when the pair of scarlet pupils appeared, the terror around them exuded a chilling air!

"Sure enough, he is from the ghost realm, but why do I feel something is wrong..." Zhu Jin hid in the Thunder Field Formation, and his figure kept moving, in order to prevent the ghost realm from finding his position.

"Susu..." In the black mist, countless grievances and howls made the already mysterious identity of the man in black even more confusing!

"Although this person has a very strong ghost energy, he doesn't look like a person from the ghost world..."

"What is this person's identity?" Zhu Jin quickly thought about it. Obviously, Zhu Jin had fought against the creatures in the ghost world and some powerful ghosts more or less, but he had never seen such a black-clothed person since ancient times. People exist like this, so they hesitated about the identity of the man in black.

"Shabu!" Just when Zhu Jin hesitated to think, in the Thunder Field Array, a dazzling thunder with a size of dozens of meters was possessed from directly above the Thunder Field Array. That weird black mist burst out!

"Vulnerable!" In the black fog, a strange voice emerged, and then a monstrous dark chain suddenly appeared in the strange black fog!

Above the dark chains, a rather dazzling power of black and white emerged!

Then a dazzling cold light flickered out from the sharp edge of the dark chain , and then suddenly hit the power of thunder with a terrifying fighting spirit!

"Boom boom boom!" The power of thunder collided with the chain, and an extremely terrifying power burst out in an instant, but fortunately this wave was in the thunder field array, so it did not spread too far, but it still broke out amazing. The fluctuation caused the group of people who were fighting on the desert ground to stop their movements and looked up at the area in the sky that was shrouded in silver-white light!

"Is this person from the Soul Palace reliable... One person to deal with two half-immortals, this is a bit too much!" Next to Nu Dong, an eight-star fighting emperor with quite good strength said.

"Don't worry, he should be free to take countermeasures, after all, he is a man of that power." When Nu Dong heard the words, he immediately glanced at the subordinates beside him.

"Hopefully!" The eight-star Dou Di zodiac said, and then stared at the eight leaders of Medusa in front of him!

If it wasn't for the fact that these eight leaders had just lost their strength in the battle with Qin Tian, ​​I'm afraid the Ang Dong people would not be able to handle it, but even so, it would be quite difficult for the Ang Dong people to deal with the leaders of the eight Medusa tribes. .

"Who is this man in black, who can actually fight against two semi-immortal powerhouses with one person's strength, even though Shefu's strength is only 50%." Mobal said hesitantly.

"Let's get rid of this gang of Angry East as soon as possible, otherwise it will change later!" The snake king's pupils shrank suddenly, and for some reason, he felt a wave of extreme fear from the strange black mist in the Thunder Field Array. .

Ask for tickets!