Chapter 303: Great melee!

"If you don't agree..."

"Then let's go together..." Xiao Yan's flat voice was next to the ears of hundreds of named disciples www..lā

These short sentences sounded like a dull thunder in the hearts of everyone.

"Too arrogant!"

"Brother Zilian and Brother Li Zi, we must teach them a lesson!" Some named disciples were also extremely angry at Xiao Yan's provocation!

"Hehe, this brother, this is too much, isn't it?"

"However, our named disciples are also members of the Fenxiang Pavilion. Are you afraid of losing the face of the Fenxiang Pavilion?" A man dressed in elegance also said.

This person is Brother Nazilian!

He is also a powerhouse in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di!

He is also one of the three leaders among the 128 named disciples!

Although the three of them are the strength of the five-star Dou Di in the early stage, there are also strong and weak points. Li Ji just now ranked third, Zi Lian ranked second, and Li Zi ranked first!

"Anyone who doesn't agree can join us, save our time." Xiao Yan also ignored Na Zilian's words, and said to all the named disciples in front of him.

At the same time, a terrifying wave was slowly emitted from the Nigong Pill in Xiao Yan's body, and a scroll of formations was quietly formed. Looking closely at the core inscriptions on the scroll of formation, there were more than 5,000 formations. Such a terrifying power would not be a problem even for a five-star Dou Emperor.

"Xiao Yan, you should rest for a while, then let us come." Mu Yingying also slightly parted her lips, and then said to Xiao Yan.

At this time, the five of them are already brothers and sisters from the same sect, so they also need to help each other.

Li Ji fell into a coma for a short time, and was carried out by the named disciples to cultivate. At this point, Li Ji, who was in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, also lost his fighting ability.

It's just that these named disciples never imagined that this seemingly gentle Xiao Yan's battle would be so terrifying!

And the battle just now was obviously just a battle between Xiao Yan's heavy ruler and Li Ji. Even so, Li Ji was still defeated...

If this Xiao Yan really fights, then his strength...

These named disciples were also terrified.

"What a panic!" A deafening voice also slowly appeared in the hall.

Looking around, Mu Yingying also found that the person who spoke was a huge man who had been among the named disciples.

There was an invisible wave on the man's body. Although it was weak, Mu Yingying could still feel it.

That is murderous!

An aura that can only be produced by fighting the enemy all year round!

"This should be the strongest Li Zi among these named disciples." Xiao Yan also said solemnly, and then said to Mu Yingying.

Obviously, this Li Ziguang is not at the same level as Li Ji just now in terms of breath.

If Li Ji just now was in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di!

So Li Zi at this time is at the peak of the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, and he is only one step away from the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor!

And Li Zi's terrifying killing intent can't be faked. This Li Zi must also be a strong man who walks on the tip of the knife all the year round. Only a strong man of this level can be called a real strong man!

"How is it? Are you sure?" Mu Feng also asked.

"Let me come, this Li Zi's power is terrifying, and according to my perception, this is a powerful person. If he fights, it will be quite troublesome." Xiao Yan also stared at Li Zi and said.

Xiao Yan felt a different kind of aura from Li Zi's body, it was an aura of equal proportions.

"It seems that this will be a fierce battle." Xiao Yan also smiled, and then slowly walked into the arena.

"Let's get someone else."

"Just now you fought against Li Ji, and it also consumed a lot of fighting spirit."

"I, Li Zi, convince people by force, and I don't want to take advantage of you, so as not to fall into trouble when I get time." Li Zi also said in a coercive voice.

"This doesn't bother you anymore." Xiao Yan said in a calm manner. He had just fought against Li Ji, and it was basically Long Yi who was fighting, so he consumed very little Dou Qi in his body.

"Come on, you can rest and recover your fighting spirit." Mu Yingying also said, and then slowly stepped forward.

"Need not……"

"It's still me..." Xiao Yan just wanted to reject Mu Yingying's kindness, but his eyes met Mu Yingying's, and he saw the look in Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes. He was concerned and worried. But many are firm.

"If we lose, we will come down, we are a team." Xiao Yan also returned to the back, and when he passed by Mu Yingying, he said in a voice that only Mu Yingying heard.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying also responded to Xiao Yan softly, and then Mei Mu also stared at Li Zi in front of her.

"Hey, send such a girl up?"

"I don't think I want to use the beauty trick..."

"Our boss doesn't eat this set..."

"But I have to say that this woman's body and appearance are quite good, if..." The named disciples also spoke up when they saw Mu Yingying walking forward, but their eyes became hot, and they all agreed. He stared at Mu Yingying, and some evil thoughts also occurred in his heart.

"Come on, I don't fight women, because this is an insult to me." Li Zi also frowned, then looked at Mu Yingying and said, there was a lot of anger in her voice.

Are the five people in the Burning Incense Pavilion looking down on themselves, and to send a little girl to fight with them, it is too disrespectful to others.

"Humph!"

"Who said that women are inferior to men, is it because you are afraid?" Mu Yingying also snorted coldly, then stared at Li Zidao afraid? "

"That's not true, I just don't want to kill the flowers." Li Zi also spoke slowly, obviously there seemed to be absolute confidence in his voice.

"Come on then." Mu Yingying also opened her lips slightly, and then said slowly.

"If that's the case, don't blame me for being cruel."

"For the battle, the sword has no eyes. If it hurts your delicate skin and tender flesh, I won't compensate you." Li Zi also said.

"I'll give you these words as they are!" Mu Yingying also let out a coquettish anger before entering the battle.

"Let me do this zilian." Xiao Yi was also the first to speak, and then she no longer hesitated, and went to the place where the zilian was in the hall.

Seeing this, Zi Lian also said, "I didn't expect that we were still selected, but it's good, it saves a lot of trouble."

After Zi Lian finished speaking, he also entered the battle, because he felt an extremely terrifying fluctuation from Xiao Yi.

"Ten of you, come on!" Among the named disciples, the ten four-star Dou Emperor consummate powerhouses were also eager to try, and then left facing Xiao Yan where they were.

"Leave it to us." Mu Feng and Lvdi also spoke at the same time.

"Well, I'll help you with the rest. You can deal with these people with confidence." Xiao Yan also smiled, then looked at the remaining named disciples who had the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor or the Consummation of the Four-Star Dou Emperor. The corner of his mouth also smiled.

"Hehe, these little guys are really good. It's called a challenge, but it's actually to test your teamwork..." Mu Xuzi also said secretly. Obviously, these people gave him the feeling that they were all excellent seedlings. .

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: