Chapter Vol 4 1423: Treasure hunt in the cave!

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, Yuan Yan's petite body was returning to the tent, but at this time, on top of this little guy's pink and tender hands, a sheepskin scroll protected by special power slowly slowly Appeared, it was obvious that this little guy was insane, and really took out the treasure map scroll.

"never mind……"

"The toxin will be gradually excreted with her breathing, and she will wake up tomorrow." It is simple, but when Xiao Yan used the flame to force the antidote into his body, he was met with great resistance. Although it was suppressed by Xiao Yan in the end, it took a lot of energy.

Moreover, Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that this unconscious woman was probably also an extremely tyrannical fighting formation master!

"Thank you." Seeing the black marks on her sister's eyebrows fade away, Yuan Yan immediately said with watery eyes.

It has been several days since her sister was in a coma. As time goes by, the harm of toxins has become more and more tyrannical. Even Yuan Xiao has no way to completely expel the toxins. Being able to get rid of it successfully made Yuan Yan feel good about him.

"There is still some time before the morning, let's go." Looking at the petite figure in front of him, Xiao Yan opened his mouth, obviously very interested in this treasure map.

"Well, wait for me to see my sister." Xiao Yan took out the toxins from his sister's body, Yuan Yan was also very grateful, without any refusal, Yuan Yan made a face at Xiao Yan after a while and ran to the bed, her small hands lightly Lightly stroked the fainting figure, but Xiao Yan did not notice that a strange light passed from Yuan Yan's hand to the fainting figure.

"Let's go... Let's be quiet, otherwise it will be troublesome if the adults find out." After Yuan Yan finished speaking, with the help of the mystery of the formation, the two left the camp directly.

After leaving the camp, the two headed towards the depths of the mountain range, but they found that the strange fog during the day actually weakened a lot in the middle of the night.

In the silent forest, the figures of Xiao Yan and Yuan Yan were walking quietly one after the other. Xiao Yan looked around vigilantly, and the dazzling soul power was always ready. If something went wrong, he would immediately respond. Discover.

However, as time passed, Xiao Yan discovered something was wrong, because along the way, according to Xiao Yan's perception, the spirit beasts they encountered had skyrocketed from the 1-star Fighting Immortal rank at the beginning to the 2-star or even 3-star rank. Xiao Yan was quite puzzled.

"How far is it?" As the two figures continued to deepen, Xiao Yan immediately frowned.

In the Tianming Mountains, there are dangers everywhere, even if they are on the edge of the mountain.

"It should be almost there." Yuan Yan gently opened the scroll and said after some speculation.

"Bring it to me and have a look." Xiao Yan didn't care about anything else at this time, and directly sucked the scroll over.

"You!" Seeing Xiao Yan's arrogant behavior, Yuan Yan couldn't help but said angrily with a small face.

The treasure map just appeared in Xiao Yan's hands, and what caught his eye was a part of the base map in the Tianming Mountains. The end of the trip was just above the treasure map and below a high hanging cliff.

"Little Ancestor... You've gone the wrong way!"

"I just said that the more you go, the worse it is." Xiao Yan researched and rolled his eyes helplessly.

Xiao Yan still trusts Yuan Yan quite a bit. After all, according to the judgment of the Soul Eater, Yuan Zong is a sect with a good style, and naturally he will not do any tricks.

"I..." Yuan Yan heard the words, and the crimson on her pretty face became even stronger.

"Come this way, it's almost there." Xiao Yan grabbed the little girl, then his speed skyrocketed, easily piercing the void, and rushing towards the treasure map.

"It's here..." A few minutes later, the figures of Xiao Yan and Yuan Yan also came to the top of a cliff in a branch of a mountain range, Yuan Yan couldn't help but said.

Back then, they rescued their sister from the top of the cliff.

"Don't go there, it's not easy here." In the dark night, Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power was the best means of investigation. Immediately through his soul power, he vaguely sensed that there were some mysterious people lurking in this land. Dude, he immediately grabbed Yuan Yan.

"What's wrong?" Yuan Yan was just about to walk over. After all, the location of the treasure map was descending from this cliff. After being stopped by Xiao Yan, she asked with a puzzled face.

"Shhhh!" Xiao Yan made a slight gesture, and then his eyes became deep.

This cliff is the location of the lower treasure map, I am afraid there is a guardian, and Yuan Yan's sister was seriously injured and unconscious here, I am afraid there is another mystery here.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and the two hid directly behind the ancient trees outside the top of the cliff, and then a small stone in their hands was shot by Xiao Yan at the ground that was close at hand.

"Crash!" The pebble just appeared three meters above the ground, and was immediately crushed into powder by a mysterious force.

"It's so weird..." Xiao Yan frowned, obviously based on the situation just now, there are probably soul beasts guarding here.

"What should I do now?" Yuan Yan was obviously the first to do such a treasure hunt. Seeing the dangerous appearance in front of her, she asked with a look of fear.

"It seems that I can only pass." Xiao Yan thought about it for a while, and then he wanted to make a move to knock Yuan Yan unconscious and set up a barrier to protect him.

"Don't dump her, take her over there, there seems to be something down below that needs her to open." Just when Xiao Yan wanted to leave this guy behind and go alone, the voice of the Soul Eater rang out.

"Follow me, I have a way." Xiao Yan said softly after thinking for a while.

"Okay!" Yuan Yan said.

"Boom!" After a while behind Xiao Yan, a flame figure made of flames suddenly appeared, and then without any hesitation, attacked the land in front of him suddenly.

"Shabu Shabu!" The terrifying temperature and harsh voice made people tremble, but the next moment, the guy hidden under the ground also surfaced.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Attacked by Xiao Yan's scorching flames, a huge pit several meters deep suddenly appeared. In the pit, a soul beast was carefully patrolling the surroundings.

"My good guy, it's actually a golden mouse... It seems that there is really something down here." Xiao Yan's eyes were fixed on the fat giant mouse entrenched in the deep pit, and he laughed.

The Golden Rat is a treasure-hunting soul beast. Its attack power is extremely zero, but it is very good at finding treasures.

"It turns out that the weirdness here is actually a formation." Looking at the fat mouse, Yuan Yan also said, the scene just now was caused by the formation.

"But that's not right, it's not this guy."

"My elder sister was seriously injured and was attacked by poison." Looking at the golden mouse in front of her, Yuan Yan immediately shook her head.

"The guardian, I'm afraid it's down there."

"Go, go down and have a look." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he directly drove the Golden Rat, and then the three of them walked from the top of the cliff and slowly towards the bottom at the same time.

https://

Genius website address: . Mobile version reading website: