Chapter 485: Swallow the python!

"Hahaha!" King Xuanling burst out with laughter, the fiery red color all over his body continued to emerge from his body, as if an endless black hole was extremely terrifying!

"嘁嘁嘁!" Although the Seven-Colored Swallowing Python didn't know what the King Xuanling wanted to do, but as the Seven-Colored Swallowing Python's intuition and perception of danger, the Seven-Colored Swallowing Python clearly felt a sense of death from the King Xuanling in front of him. The fluctuations spread from the depths of my heart!

Around the shrine of the whole body Bai Ze, three huge battles are going on in full swing.

"What is that..." The space hidden by Elder Zhu stood up at the same time, and then Elder Zhu's lazy eyes suddenly shrank tightly, staring at the body of King Xuanling in the sky!

To be precise, it was the fiery red flame on King Xuanling!

"Yanchi?" A chill emerged from Old Zhu's heart.

"No, although this flame is fiery and true, its power is much weaker... Strange." Zhu Lao was worthy of being a half-immortal-level powerhouse, and the next moment he discovered that the flame on Xuanling King's body was stronger than Xiao Yan's strange fire is even more terrifying, but it is far from reaching the level of holy flame!

"Could it be the Xuanling King?" A crazy thought emerged from Old Zhu's mind!

Elder Zhu has a wealth of experience, so naturally he knows that swallowing the blood of the python has the power to suppress the holy flame through a special technique.

"damn it!"

"If this is the case, then even if it is the danger of being seriously injured and falling, I, Zhu Jin, will destroy your Xuanling royal family!" After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he stared at the terrifying battle!

Once the Medusa clan is in a real crisis of life and death, Elder Zhu will take action without hesitation!

After all, let's not talk about the inexplicable relationship between the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Medusa family, just relying on the relationship between the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family, it is impossible for Zhu Lao to let the Xuanling Royal Family succeed!

"Colorful swallowing python!"

"If it were your original body, this king might still be afraid of you for three points, but now you are just a remnant soul."

"A mere remnant of the soul, even with the strength of Dou Di's peak, you still want to block this king!"

"The remnant soul is what it should look like!"

"Disappear!" King Xuanling sneered at the colorful swallowing python not far away.

"Who wins and who loses, but it's not certain!" The colorful swallowing python shouted up to the sky, and a proud and unyielding aura suddenly emerged!

"Huo vortex strangulation!" King Xuanling didn't talk nonsense, his voice suddenly increased by a few decibels, and then the countless fiery red flames all over his body slowly fell off from King Xuanling, and then converged in front of him into a sky-shattering Flood Dragon !

The whole body of the Jiaolong was flaming red, and its body was extremely transparent. With the appearance of the Jiaolong, the space in the air collapsed instantly, and then the Jiaolong suddenly entrenched on the Xuanling King!

The dragon is possessed!

"Colorful swallowing python!"

"Don't die!" A roar resounded through the sky!

Seeing this, the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python showed a strange look of seven colors in the snake's pupils, and then instantly threw Qingyan out of his body, his pupils suddenly opened, and the bodies of each of the seven colors on the body violently wriggled!

"嘁嘁嘁!" A desolate voice emerged from the mouth of the seven-colored swallowing python, and then when Qing Yan had just left the seven-colored swallowing python, the seven colors of the seven-colored swallowing python's body, one after another. The power of completely different nature burst out in an instant!

The monstrous aura of destruction accompanied the seven-colored swallowing python, and then its snake pupils froze at the Xuanling King.

"Beast!"

"Die!" Seeing this, King Xuanling nodded slightly satisfied.

The reason why King Xuanling didn't act immediately was not to let that Qingyan leave, but the red dragon that was entrenched beside King Xuanling!

When Jiaolong first appeared, his pupils were colorless!

As he kept entrenched beside Xuanling King, traces of black energy poured into the figure of the red flood dragon, the red flood dragon's pupils suddenly opened, and a force of destruction emerged!

"Go!" King Xuanling waved vigorously, and then the terrifying red Flood Dragon, like lightning, slashed across the sky in an instant, leaving behind only terrifying flames of energy.

"Silk..." The huge body of the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python suddenly moved, and the huge snake tail was filled with seven-color light, and then directly confronted the Red Flood Dragon!

"Big guy..." Qing Yan naturally knew the plan of the colorful swallowing python!

The seven-colored swallowing python was going to work hard, because from the vague fluctuations just now, Qingyan found that even if it was as powerful as the seven-colored swallowing python, when dealing with the fiery red flame on Xuanling King's body, there was always a problem. Feeling of powerlessness!

That's why the colorful swallowing python sent Qingyan away!

Because it knows that with the power of its remnant soul alone, it cannot compete with the Profound Spirit King in front of him!

"Boom boom boom!" Circle after circle of destruction-like sparks continued to spread from the battle between the colorful swallowing python and the red dragon.

"Tsk tsk tsk, as expected of the temple guardian beast of the Medusa clan." Ye Mo and Xuan Ming, who were on the side, stepped back several dozen steps, after all, in order to prevent the aftermath of the battle from affecting the two of them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It's just that the pupils of the two of them suddenly sank!

They all know that in the seventh floor of the Xuanling royal family underground palace, except for the first to fifth floors that people like them can enter, as for the sixth and seventh floors of the most mysterious underground palace, although they all know it, they have never entered. !

In the entire Xuanling royal family, the only people who can enter the last second floor of the underground palace are Qin Tian and Xuanling King, and they are still extremely mysterious people!

In addition, even Ye Mo, who has reached the fourth rank and nine-star Dou Emperor, can only enter the sixth floor!

From this, it can be seen that there must be an amazing secret hidden in the seventh floor of this underground palace!

"The fluctuations in King Xuanling seem to be related to the things held in the seventh floor of the underground palace..." Ye Mo stepped back instantly, and then thought deeply. Obviously, Ye Mo also found that this time he went to the Medusa family, It is said that it is to weaken the strength of the Medusa family and prevent it from giving birth to strong men, but in fact it does not seem to be the case.

"Old Ye What should we do now?" Xuan Ming, who was on the side, naturally found something wrong, but Ye Mo didn't speak, and Xuan Ming didn't have the courage to make his own decisions.

"Just wait and see. After all, this colorful swallowing python is just a remnant of the soul. Under the terrifying offensive of King Xuanling, I'm afraid it won't last long... Just wait." Ye Mo said in a low voice.

When Xuan Ming heard the words, he also saw that Xuan Ling's face was hideous, and more and more fiery red fighting energy was continuously injected into the red dragon that was stalemate with the seven-colored swallowing python!

"嘁偁偁!" The seven-colored swallowing python let out a long howl in the sky, and a pain in the eyes of the snake emerged. Obviously, this red dragon is not scary. What is scary is the strange power of flame on its body. The power of flame is constantly eroding. The body of the seven-colored swallowing python made the illusory body of the seven-colored swallowing python go down!

Letting out a roaring roar, the seven-colored sky-swallowing python roared from top to bottom, and waves of extremely dazzling seven-colored power continuously poured into its huge snake tail!

"Sisi!" The fiery red flame power on the red Flood Dragon seems to be quite restrained against the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python. With the huge fighting spirit injected by the Xuanling King, the red Flood Dragon screamed in the sky, and then its huge mouth suddenly opened. !

"Hur!" The next moment, the red Flood Dragon directly swallowed the colorful swallowing python into its belly!

"Big guy...bye." Qingyan's pupils returned to their normal appearance, and then he slowly waved at the colorful swallowing python, a drop of eyes appeared in his pupils, and then without hesitation, he ran towards the blue-and-white snake!

Ask for tickets! recommend to me

Give me the monthly pass, give me all