Chapter Vol 4 1414: The calm before the storm!

"If that's the case... then get out!" In an instant, Duan Tianhong's voice boomed, and he easily knocked the young man back a lot!

"Boohoo!" As the voice fell, in the void, the space phoenix shadow and the sea of ​​​​fire instantly vanished, but behind Xiao Yan, a gray thunder, like a frightened arrow, shot wildly towards him.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, Mu Xi was instantly retracted by the endless big hand.

In an instant, this space passage was quiet again.

"Crash." Xiao Yan's figure also returned to the deck.

"What's going on?" Just returned to the deck, and immediately saw the figures of Duo Qifei and Duo Tianhong, and asked immediately.

Because of listening to the conversation between the two just now, these guys... seem to know each other?

"Old opponent..." Duan Tianhong smiled slowly, but his voice was full of contempt.

"Those guys... are a strong power above Xizhou, named Xiyun Pavilion."

"While I was still young, they forced me to settle a marriage with the young master in their pavilion in the last Four Continents competition, in front of the four Continents, but my father refused, and they almost kidnapped me in the end. Let's go..." Duan Qifei echoed slightly, a hint of blush appeared on her pretty face, obviously at that time, she naturally didn't understand these things.

"Then what?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Then... my father was furious, and when the evidence is real, the third head of Mu Yun Pavilion is still an endless sophistry..."

"Finally let Daddy die..." Duo Qifei said slightly, but he had a trace of enthusiasm in his heart. Obviously, if he hadn't been playful, he wouldn't have been deceived by these guys.

"One palm... Pai passed away?" Xiao Yan felt a deep tremor in his heart. Obviously, Tianhong's actions were too resolute, but after thinking about it, someone did this to a little girl. As a father, he has such means. It is also reasonable.

"Yeah, he passed away with a slap... he doesn't even have any soul power left."

"By the way, the strength of the third master seems to be a four-star fighting fairy." Duo Qifei said innocently, as if he was stating an extremely mediocre thing.

"In front of the powerhouses competing in the four continents, I slapped the deceased four-star fighting immortals with a slap in the face. Although the master of the forging valley is powerful, I am afraid that this beam will also be forged." Xiao Yan swallowed a mouthful of saliva and couldn't help but say. .

No wonder that guy just now saw that he was from Dongzhou, and he acted directly without saying a word, and he had such a deep hatred in his emotions.

"It's okay... Xiyun Pavilion's strength is not enough to be afraid of. They are not the strongest on the Western Continent." Duo Qifei laughed.

"Let's go, after a while, we will arrive at the destination." After the words were finished, the two of them also returned to their rooms.

"Forget eight!"

"Look at what good things you have done!" At the same time, in the space ship of Xiyun Pavilion, Mu Xi was also reprimanded by a group of powerhouses.

"I just don't agree..."

"Last time, my third uncle sacrificed his life for nothing, and I naturally want to find face for him!" At this moment, Mu Xi was kneeling in a house in the spaceship. There were only three people in the house, Mu Xi and His father, Mu Yunfei, and a rather mysterious guy. !

But at this time, Mu Xi still did not repent at all, said.

"If it wasn't for you, the little princess of Thunder Valley, what would have happened?"

"Get your face back?"

"Just relying on you, the three-star fighting immortal?"

"It's not even worthy to give Duan Tianhong shoes!"

"Why did I, Xiyun Pavilion, have a waste like you!" The middle-aged man sitting in the first place couldn't help but said angrily, his face flushed with anger because of the man in front of him.

"The pavilion master calms down, the young master is also for the third master..." After a while, the third person in the house said impressively.

"Mu Xin, as the second head of our Xiyun Pavilion, I'm afraid that what happened back then was more clear than me!" As the middle-aged man in front of him spoke, Mu Yunfei sneered.

"At the beginning of the four continents competition, the third brother led us to go with power. At that time, the third brother took the young Mu Xi to go, and originally planned to let him observe and observe."

"But where do you think that this guy took a fancy to the girl of forging knife Leigu Duqifei at a glance, and insisted on pestering the third brother to make a marriage for him."

"But Duo Qifei also rushed out from the four continents to compete, so he didn't know his specific identity. Later, Duo Tianhong found out that he would not give it a shot, so he made this decision, so he completely fell." Mu Xin, the second head of Xiyun Pavilion He said gloomily, his voice was full of chills, even if the third brother made a mistake first, but Duo Tianhong directly obliterated it in front of many strong people, and it would not give them Xiyun Pavilion face.

"That matter, no matter right or wrong, the grievances between us and Forge Sword Thunder Valley are insoluble..."

"However, your clumsy approach is a bit of a disgrace to our Xiyun Pavilion." Mu Yunfei snorted coldly and cursed.

"Father!" Mu Xi couldn't help but be overjoyed when he looked at the man who was slowly weakening in anger.

"The next time, give me a little quiet."

"Don't worry, I will make them pay back this debt from Forge Sword Thunder Valley sooner or later!" Mu Yunfei sneered, his voice extremely gloomy.

"Let's go down first." After that, the silence here was restored.

In an instant, in the space channel, there are also many space ships emerging, and it is obvious that countless powers are also distinguishing and competing against the four continents.

At the same time, a very strange scene was also staged in a rather mysterious place in the ghost day.

This is an extremely dim forest. In the forest, dead trees and spooky crows are constantly flying and emerging. There is even no green at all. What it has is just silence and no vitality at all.

"Hun Qianmo, the guy who should have died... was actually arrested." In the ragged hut in the woods, a gray-haired old man lying on the seat slowly opened his listless pupils, and suddenly felt a heavy feeling, Impressively filled the entire space.

"The hall master has already said that we, the Five Soul Guards and the Twelve Soul Venerables, should not be involved in the plans of foreign evil clans and ~ Five Soul Guard Soul Qianmo still won't listen,..."

"And this time, their plan is not only to lose a ghost family, but also to lose a sinner. This will have a great impact on the evil tribes and sins outside the territory, and they should be able to deal with it..."

"But this time, our Soul Palace will not accompany you..."

"When your battle starts, we will naturally follow you to collect the soul. At that time, our vigor will increase, hehe." The old man let out a sinister smile, but the fluctuation of soul vigor on his body was more impressive than that of his body. Xiao Yan was arrogant and even more arrogant than Du Tianhong!

A powerhouse with such terrifying strength is probably the twelve soul masters of the Soul Hall or one of the best powerhouses among the five soul guards!

. Mobile version update fastest URL:

The latest chapter of the novel Fight Breaks the Sky God Yan Emperor Chapter 1414 The tranquility before the storm thanks to the rain! (Thanks to sakura for the 1/10th update) URL: https://