Chapter 586: Peel off the origin of Huoxin Tianyan!

"Okay, I'm going to strip you of the source of holy flame." Yan suddenly said.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan agreed, and then his eyes fixed on the rock in front of him.

Around Yan's body, khaki-yellow flames kept appearing, and then they walked away to Mu Feng and the others!

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, Mu Feng and the others were wrapped in this khaki flame.

"You all step back." Yan Wei sat up cross-legged, and then said to Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying who were beside her. As for the other Shan Ling, who were wrapped in khaki flames, they were more like falling into a deep sleep.

"They... this is it?" Xiao Yi seemed to have noticed the abnormality of Mu Feng and the others, and immediately said vigilantly.

"Don't worry, they came to my desert mountains this time and helped us kill a lot of foreign evil races, so I won't treat them badly. This time, it's up to them to improve their strength." Yan finished, and instantly Closing your eyes, a barren and heavy aura suddenly appeared!

"Are we going to start..." Xiao Yan said slightly fiery, because the Fen Jue hidden in the deepest part of Xiao Yan's body was restless at this moment, as if he saw the most delicious food!

"Huoxin Tianyan is famous for controlling the hottest flames, coupled with the firmness of the rock."

"Holy Flame is the most powerful flame spirit in this world. Among them, there is mystery. I can't tell you more. Everything has to be explored by yourself."

"After you get this holy flame, remember to help the thousands of beings in this great world from the disaster of the evil races outside the realm." Yan said, and then stopped talking. The power is suspended in front of the chest.

"Will this stripping away the source of Holy Flame affect Yan's strength?" Although Xiao Yan was extremely anxious about Holy Flame, he couldn't help but ask.

"Peeling off the holy flame is definitely the same as you peeling off the strange fire. Although this kind of peeling will not directly shake the foundation, it will definitely decrease the strength of Yan."

"The strength of this rock should be that it has just been promoted to Dou Xian for a long time. Even if the holy flame is stripped away willingly, I am afraid that after the holy flame is stripped away, its strength should drop to the eight-star Dou Emperor or the nine-star Dou Emperor." Long Yi slowly opened his mouth.

"It's started." Xiao Yan said calmly.

At this time, Yan Zhou was already enveloped by a layer of extremely strange silver light, and ordinary people couldn't see the situation inside.

"Huoxin Tianyan, you have followed me for so long, I am actually very sorry for you, because I know that your strength is far more than what you are now, but my strength and talent are limited, but now you have a better master, I hope you will shine with your own light in the future."

"He... is also a member of the Xiao Clan!" Yan said to Sheng Yanjing in front of him in the silver light.

As soon as the voice fell, the whole body of the rock suddenly turned yellow, and waves of extremely hot waves radiated from the body of the rock.

"Hehe, since you can't wait so much, come out." Seeing this, Yan was very satisfied with the state of Huoxin Tianyan. After all, when Huoxin Tianyan heard the people of the Xiao clan, he suddenly became restless!

For nothing else, it was because Xiao Mu, the man of Xiao Yan, used his strength to fight immortals, and together with this Fire Heart Tianyan, he fought the legendary Gorefiend for three days and three nights abruptly!

Although there was no result in the end, the two of them both got out of it!

Just from this point, Huoxin Tianyan can still remember it fresh!

Yan closed his eyes and worked hard to mobilize the vindictive energy in his entire body, slowly forcing out the holy flame that had been fused by himself. This process was extremely difficult, and it was as painful as the bone-piercing pain!

"Boom boom boom!" In the silver light, many beads of sweat continued to appear on Yan's forehead. Obviously, stripping away the power of holy flame is like drawing blood. The process is extremely uncomfortable, even if Yan is so determined. Force, can not help but slightly gritted his teeth!

"Will peeling off the holy flame really lead to a decrease in strength..." Yan felt the strength in his body that was slowly declining with the peeling of the holy flame, and couldn't help but mumble to himself.

"But it doesn't matter, it's fine. Without the holy flame, it's better to complete my king's order to me and bring Shan Ling and the others." Yan smiled slowly, and then there was a hint of determination in his pupils.

"Holy Flame Crystal!"

"Help me!" Yan snorted coldly, and a circle of invisible fluctuations immediately dispelled the silver light around Yan's body!

As if hearing the call, the holy flame crystal made a humming sound, and then without hesitation, it turned into a stream of light and flew into the rock!

"Shabu Shabu!" Just as Sheng Yanjing entered Yan's body, Yan suddenly felt that the Fire Heart Tianyan was truly complete!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because the power of the holy flame and the holy flame crystal are one body, if it wasn't for suppressing the blood demon general, Yan wouldn't have taken this holy flame crystal out!

Now that the Holy Flame Crystal has returned to its place, the power of the Holy Flame of Huoxin Tianyan is perfectly manifested!

"Boom boom boom!" As Sheng Yanjing entered the body, Yan's body suddenly swelled up, and then rose directly from the ground, and in just a short moment, he came to the sky!

Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and an extremely ferocious look emanated from the pupils. Obviously, he wanted to rely on the power of both the holy flame crystal and the rock to force out all the power of the holy flame in the rock body. Not a simple thing!

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, Yan's pupils changed suddenly, and then a khaki-yellow holy flame emanated from his body in all directions!

Wherever the power of the khaki holy flame goes, nothing grows, and the barren aura fills the top of the entire desert mountain range!

"I'm coming!" The next moment, Mu Yingying also realized that things were not good, and immediately bit her lip, ready to leave.

"No!" An arrogant voice came from Yankou, and Yan gritted his teeth stubbornly, bloodshot in his eyes, and said to Mu Yingying.

"Ah, ah, ah!" The screams continued to sound from the mouth of the rock. With the screams, the khaki desert in the body of the rock suddenly disappeared, and then the holy flame crystal slowly passed from the chest of the rock. drift out.

"Huhuhu." Yan gasped heavily, then looked at the Saint Flame Crystal in front of him, and a smile appeared.

"Fortunately, nothing happened." He smiled slowly, then glanced at the top of the desert mountain range that had been destroyed in a mess because of his movement just now, and shook his head.

"Boy, take it."

"This is not only the holy flame crystal, but also contains all the source power of the holy flame of the Fire Heart Tianyan." A soft voice came out of the rock mouth, and then the rock directly pushed the holy flame crystal in front of him, and immediately faced the Xiao Yan roared away!

With such a push, the aura of that rock suddenly dropped!

In just a few breaths, it was down to the level of a four-turn nine-star Dou Emperor!

Xiao Yan looked at Yan with a hint of gratitude in his eyes, and then took the holy flame crystal with his palm, and murmured in a low voice, "Finally, this step has been reached!"

Ask for a ticket.