Chapter 501: Fight 0 ghosts!

"Each each other!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, and then the silver-white thunder fighting qi flickered all over his body. Out of caution, Zhu Jin directly pressed the power of that domain back into his body and switched to his own thunder fighting qi. Under the blessing of the Leiyu Array, the power of Lei Dou Qi should not be underestimated.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Zhu Jin moved.

Zhu Jin was surrounded by the power of thunder, his figure moved suddenly, and he instantly appeared in front of a thousand-faced ghostly face.

"Boom boom boom!" His right hand clenched his fist and suddenly swung it at the grimace in front of him!

Above the old fist, there is an extremely dazzling silver-white thunder power, just hit the grimace, the grimace is like a cotton candy, deeply dented.

The next moment, a weak feeling slowly came from above the arm.

"What is this..." He pulled out his hand instantly, and then Zhu Jin left the place where the thousands of ghost faces were, and came to the mid-air of the Thunder Field Array.

"Susu..." Countless grimaces exuded disdain.

"This thing is weird..."

"Now there are thousands of these thousand-faced ghosts, and I don't know who is real and who is fake. There is no way to strike a fatal blow." Zhu Jin said slowly.

Moreover, Zhu Jin's attack just now was also vaguely discovered.

It seems that no matter how terrifying his attack strength is, it seems to have hit a piece of marshmallow.

Looking at the grimace that Don't hit by himself, there was already a faint trace of silver-white power of thunder on top of the black-qi grimace.

"This grimace can actually devour my power of thunder!" Zhu Jin was shocked.

"Zhu Jin, although I have no intention of killing you, if you only have this strength, I'm afraid you will fall here today." Above the grimace, he said slowly.

"Humph!"

"Don't forget that you are still in my Thunder Field Array at this time." Zhu Jin snorted coldly.

"Although this minefield formation has restrained me a lot, but without the suppression of that field, what can you do to me!" Grimace said mockingly.

"Then go to death!" Zhu Jin only knew that the Thousand-faced Ghost was not telling a lie, because since the thousand-year-old ghost was recorded, no one could be killed.

"Lei Lai." Right above the Thunder Field Array, Zhu Jin spoke slowly, and an incomparably majestic voice broke through the entire Thunder Field Array in an instant.

With Zhu Jin's voice, the calm thunder field array suddenly became noisy everywhere, and beams of dazzling thunder beams appeared out of nowhere, then rose into the sky and gathered towards Zhu Yan!

"Choke!" More and more thunder beams gathered directly around Zhujin, making Zhujin look like a **** of thunder surrounded by thunder, and a domineering aura emerged.

"The power of thunder is really domineering." Thousands of grimace spoke at the same time, and the next moment, the grimace slowly caged together, apparently from the dazzling thunder beams beside Zhu Jin, I sensed a trace of danger the taste of.

"In the Leiyu Array, I am the master." Zhu Jin spoke slowly, a proud fighting spirit emerged in his eyes, and then the questioning majesty resounded throughout the Leiyu Array!

"Susu..." The thousand-year-old ghost also found that the bamboo embers were not easy to mess with, and immediately above the thousands of ghost faces, circles of strange black energy continued to emerge, slowly protecting the ghost faces.

"It's almost there." Zhu Jin saw that a lot of dazzling thunder beams appeared in the Thunder Field Array, and immediately stopped calling, and then stared at the Thousand-faced Ghost not far away.

"Since you don't know which body your body is, it's good to destroy them all." Zhu Jin said slowly.

"All destroyed?"

"Then let's see if you have the ability." A gloomy smile came out.

"Leiyu Array, Wulei Town Ghost!" A loud shout suddenly appeared from Zhu Jin's mouth!

"Shabu Shabu!" A roar made the dazzling thunder beams around Zhujin become more and more violent, and bursts of domineering power of destruction continued to emerge, and the momentum was almost equal to the ghostly energy above the ghost face!

"Zhen!" Under Du's order, the dazzling beam of thunder beside Zhu Jin, like a soldier who received an order, blasted away at the grimace split by the thousand-faced ghosts and black mist!

"It's just right!" The Thousand Faced Ghost snorted coldly, directly waving and controlling the grimace around him, and then greeted the dazzling thunder beam.

"Bang bang bang!"

The terrifying thunder beam and the grimace formed by thousands of strange black qi suddenly collided together!

Then, the thunder beam burst out with extremely domineering power, and the ghost face burst out with terrifying ghost energy. After the two forces confronted each other, they instantly melted and disappeared into the thunder field array.

It's just that Zhu Jin didn't notice that after the thunder beam and the grimace melted, a trace of black energy remained on each grimace, but it was too small for Zhu Jin to notice.

"Boom boom boom!" Terrifying fluctuations continued to emerge in the thunder field formation, making the space created by this formation rather unstable, and it might collapse at any time!

"In town!" Zhu Jin immediately sank his eyes and shouted!

"Sisi!" Zhu Jin's voice just fell, and in the Thunder Field Array, beams of dazzling thunder beams gathered from all directions, and then directly met the whistling grimace.

"Thousand-faced attack!" Thousands of grimace had been consumed by Zhujin just now, and there were only a few hundred left.

With the roar of hundreds of grimace faces, there was already a gloomy wind in the thunder field formation at this time, which looked rather strange.

"Boom boom boom!" A dazzling thunder beam hit a grimace with an incomparably domineering aura, and then the two instantly melted away, disappearing in the Thunder Field Array without any fluctuations. The black air slowly condensed together.

"Bastard, how is that possible." Zhu Jin is always watching the battle in the sky, and if anything goes wrong, he will stop.

But every time the thunder beam attacked, Zhu Jin seemed to find that although the grimace had disappeared, the thunder beam condensed in his thunder field array also disappeared!

In this way, things go up and down Zhu Jin has a premonition that something bad will happen.

"The last move." Zhu Jin glanced at Shefu below through the Leiyu Array, and found that at this time, Nu Dong and his party had all been defeated, only Nu Dong was still struggling to support, but looking at this, Obviously it won't last long.

"It's time to go." The remaining dozens of ghost faces of the Thousand-faced Ghost instantly merged, and then the traces of the melted black energy also merged into his body.

All the black qi came back and instantly merged, and then turned into a figure surrounded by black qi.

Above that figure, a force of life and death emerged, and Zhu Jin's strength was only stronger than weak!

"Wu Lei Zhentian Palm!" The aura in the body soared to the limit, a substantive force of life and death emerged, and a roar shook the sky!

Then there was a flash of thunder power in Zhujin's pupils, and a breath of death suddenly appeared!

In the palm of the hand, an extremely dazzling silver-white light appeared. Although the palm was only wrapped, no one dared to underestimate the power contained in it!

"Bang Bang Bang!" The space around Zhu Jin instantly collapsed!

"It's actually a holy rank fighting skill..." A hint of shock appeared in the ghostly figure with thousands of faces, and then no longer hesitated, the figure suddenly drank, and a circle of black energy spread frantically towards its feet!

The next moment, with the appearance of this ghostly energy, the space shrouded by the Thunder Field Array shattered!

The Thunder Field Array was instantly destroyed!

Ask for tickets!