Chapter Vol 4 2071: In the second round, the medicine tower chooses the prescription!

The latest website: "..." With the opening of Yao Xuanyi and the silence of the high-level Yao clan, the entire altar mountain was silent and deadly quiet. It seemed that Yao Xuanyi's words had some kind of special magic power, which attracted countless people's attention. Staring closely at Xiao Yan, he lost his voice.

"I'm afraid this son is very human..." In an instant, the old man who led the team of the five ancient clans and the countless powerhouses behind him guessed Xiao Yan's true identity and muttered in a low voice.

To be able to make the head of the Yao family look so solemn, I am afraid that this guy named Xiao Yan is definitely not an ordinary person, but they have never heard of this name.

"Okay, okay, this is just a small episode in the first round of the ceremony, it doesn't hurt."

"Xuanyi, prepare for the second round." After a few breaths, Yao Wanwan smiled warmly and said, as the leader of the clan, he naturally has his pride and calmness.

With Yao Wan Wan's powerful exit, the altar mountain suddenly became noisy again, but those alchemists who successfully passed the first round of tests were extremely aggrieved. Does this Xiao Yan seem too perverted?

Just the means of breaking the soul stone apart in the end, can't help their scalps go numb?

Such a terrifying guy is actually just a sixth-grade alchemist of the Immortal Rank? This discourse is obviously extremely credible.

"His soul power, as Elder Xuanyi said, has reached that level?" Yao Yichen had already regarded Xiao Yan as a thorn in his eyes at this time, and couldn't help but whisper.

That realm is the threshold of stepping into the holy-rank pharmacist. He has been searching for it for decades and can't covet it. When he heard Yao Xuanyi's voice confirming, he was naturally angry.

"It shouldn't be wrong, but this guy's soul power is tyrannical, but I don't think his medicine refining skills are as tyrannical as soul power, so we must show 12 points of spirit if we want to win next." Yao Yixuan said softly.

"With the existence of these guys, this time the grand ceremony will only become lively." Yao Yixuan nodded, and did not dare to underestimate Xiao Yan, but the madness that became stronger and stronger emerged. Being able to step on Xiao Yan, then the title of the No. 1 alchemist in this continent is undoubtedly the most authoritative.

"En..." After a while, although the shock caused by Xiao Yan had not dissipated, the grand ceremony was just around the corner, and many contestants were eagerly looking forward to it.

"So it is." Xiao Yan stood quietly on the square in front of him, feeling Xun'er's soul transmission, and knowing what had just happened, he couldn't help laughing.

"Hey, I can't see that your soul power has become so perverted, it really is hidden."

"But why are you still laughing now? Look at them?" Ling Zixi poured a basin of cold water over it.

"It's alright, it's just isolation... By the way, aren't you afraid of being isolated?" Xiao Yan said indifferently, after all, this is not the first time that such a thing has happened. Even if he is isolated and excluded, he will still achieve the final dawn , and these days of pride prove.

"Except for the ambitious main battle factions among the ancient races, the rest of us all came here with an attitude of giving it a try, so to me, the grand ceremony is not important."

"The important thing is you." Ling Zixi smiled, with a deep meaning in her voice.

"Boring." Xiao Yan was too lazy to talk to this girl. This girl was mysterious and difficult to deal with.

"After the first round of small trials, I believe everyone is looking forward to the second round of our Medicine Clan Festival."

"This second round is a bit funny, because the second round is to select prescriptions, enter the medicine valley of our medicine world to search for the medicinal materials needed for refining, and pave the way for the next third round of refining medicine pills."

"I have to say, Medicine Valley is the production place of countless precious medicinal materials for our medicine family, and there are countless mysterious treasures and great opportunities. If all the contestants have a fate with certain treasures, let's have that ambition for the time being, you can take it as much as possible, our medicine The clan will definitely not intervene, but there are many tyrannical monsters guarding the medicine valley, all of you must be careful."

"Baby is good, but you have to live to enjoy it."

"In the second round of competition, all the prescriptions will be provided by our medicine family. You cannot use your own prescriptions. In the third round after entering the medicine tower to select prescriptions, the time is limited for one month. Those who do not collect all the prescriptions and the medicinal pills within one month will be eliminated. A month later, the third round of the competition will be held in Medicine Valley, and at the end, I muttered that the second round of competition is closely related to the third round of competition, so don’t take it lightly.”

"What else do you guys don't understand?" Yao Xuanyi said incessantly, his voice was quite loud, and told the rules to the many strong people present.

"Can't use your own prescription?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised by this rule.

"This is to ensure the fairness of the assessment by the medicine family. The prescriptions are mainly supplied by them. Even if it is the same prescription, there must be some deviations in the refining of different pharmacists, so it is very good to distinguish their refining techniques." Ling Zixi explained.

"So that's the case." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words. The prescription was provided by the Medicine Clan, but it solved a big problem for him. Otherwise, there would be almost no prescriptions of the same level in Xiao Yan's hands for such a grand event.

"I understand, I understand." Thousands of refining pharmacists also responded to Yao Xuanyi happily, and the heat in their eyes could no longer be contained.

The power of the soul is tyrannical, it does not mean that it must be a pharmacist with superb refining skills, but a pharmacist with superb refining skills must be a strong person with a terrifying soul power. The two are not opposite, but they are. There is a rather delicate relationship.

At this moment, countless people were looking at Xiao Yan, and they released an aura of unyielding comparisons. They seemed to want to prove themselves just like Xiao Yan!

"This second round seems to be simple, but in fact it has hidden murderous intentions." Xiao Yan shook his hand and said with a smile, the so-called medicine valley is probably the real highlight of this grand ceremony, but Xiao Yan has many means now, so naturally he is not afraid. There are even some expectations, quietly waiting for the opening of the second round.

"Call the Medicine Pagoda." After a while, Yao Xuanyi looked at the back of the altar mountain, and suddenly a group of medicine guards dressed in silver armor appeared in an orderly manner, and their hands were devoutly carrying one after another beautifully. The scrolls, the exquisite scrolls poured out countless energy, and slowly outlined a giant tower to the sky at the feet of everyone.

That is the medicine tower, and it is also the second round of competition, where the prescription is selected.

"The prescription is taken by yourself comes from the medicine tower in front of you. The prescriptions in it cover all the levels of alchemists you are present. You can choose which roll of prescriptions to choose, you can do it yourself, but you don't need to. The heart is higher than the sky, if you choose a rank that exceeds your own load, I am afraid that you will embarrass yourself in vain."

"You have a stick of incense to choose a prescription, and the contestants who have enough time to choose a stick of incense will get a roll at random, but at that time, they can only pray by themselves." Yao Xuanyi said.

"When you're ready, let's start!" As soon as the voice fell, thousands of people around them like a black and turbulent river, directly strung into the medicine tower, and began their second round, looking for a prescription.

"Although this medicine tower was constructed by the Medicine Clan with energy, and the medicinal herbs in it are also replicas, it is difficult to measure the huge skill of the Medicine Clan." Xiao Yan stepped out and turned into a stream of light and poured into the Medicine Tower. among.

"Dong dong dong!" In the medicine tower, a bell rang slowly, the tower door slowly opened, the bell sounded long and loud, making everyone's minds shocked, and immediately, the abundant fragrant aroma swept out!

full book