Chapter 308: award!

"We lost..." Li Zi's pale face was imprinted in the hearts of many named disciples. They seldom saw Qiang Ru Li Zi's emotions like this. Li Zi's voice spread throughout the hall, and there were many voices in it. Not reconciled.

The many named disciples around Li Zi also had unwillingness in their eyes, but more of them were helpless.

What they look like now is something they could never have imagined!

Originally, the winning ticket was in hand, because that kid named Xiao Yan turned the tide and defeated them in one fell swoop!

Could it be that this kid named Xiao Yan is really the Xiao Yan who killed the twin ghost emperors!

Otherwise, how could there be such a terrifying combat power!

However, although everyone was surprised, since they were defeated, they could not change this fact anyway, so they also lost their qualifications to join the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Hey, let's go." Li Zi also stood up slowly, and then said something to the people around him.

"Yeah." The people around Li Zi also responded. Obviously, although he lost, he was unwilling, but if he lost, he lost. His skills were not as good as others, so he could only practice harder and wait for the next challenge.

"Haha, wonderful." Mu Xu also stepped forward slowly, and then his palms also bulged.

"Uncle Mu, don't they have a chance?" Mu Yingying also asked unwillingly.

Obviously, from the battle just now, Mu Yingying also discovered that although these named disciples were a little arrogant, their hearts were not bad. If they could join the Burning Incense Pavilion, they would not be a weak force.

"Rules are rules."

"This rule is not only in our Incense Pavilion, but also in other super sects."

"Many named disciples have made a lot of contributions to the sect to become named disciples."

"Named disciples have the qualifications to challenge real disciples. Once they succeed, they can also join the sect, but if they fail..." Mu Xuzi also spoke slowly, obviously the meaning of the words was obvious.

"Hey, there's no other way..." Mu Yingying also shook her head, then looked at the people in the hall, she could see that Mu Yingying was really trying to find a way for these named disciples, not mocking .

"It's a fatal flaw and a fatal flaw..." Xiao Yan also looked at Mu Yingying's actions and murmured. Obviously, this Mu Yingying should rarely come into contact with the cruel world outside, so her temperament It is also as white as a feather and not stained with dust.

These actions of Mu Yingying were naturally seen by Li Zi.

"These disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion really deserve their name, not only their strength, but also their temperament..." Li Zi also laughed, obviously infected by Mu Yingying's actions, and his impression of the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion also improved.

"Xiao Yan, he really deserves to be the one who killed the twin ghost emperors." Li Zi was silent for a while before continuing.

If you fail, you have to face it gracefully.

"I look forward to seeing you shine in the sect competition!" Li Zi also said slowly, and then slowly walked out of the hall with a group of named disciples behind him.

Since it has failed, it is self-inflicted to stay there. It is better to leave early, so that you can walk more casually.

"Hehe, it's really five terrifying little guys." Mu Xuzi also said to the only five remaining people in the hall.

"It is rumored that every new disciple who joins the super sect will receive a lot of resource rewards from the sect..."

"I don't know what reward Mu Shishu gave us..."

"If you just come with a few Dou Di Pills..." Mu Feng also smiled slowly.

"Did you get the Dou Di Pill at random?" Mu Xuzi also rolled his eyes at Mu Feng, and then said disdainfully.

"You must know that this Dou Di Pill is enough for the powerhouse below the five-star Dou Di to take it, and it is a kind of elixir to raise a level abruptly!"

"Doudi strong people can only take one in their lifetime, and they will develop resistance and have little effect when taking them."

"But this can't hide the powerful appeal of this Emperor Dou Pill. After all, to cultivate some outstanding disciples or descendants, high-level pills are often hard to come by."

A few people around also smiled when they heard the words, since it wasn't a reward like Dou Di Dan, what would it be?

Immediately looking forward to it.

"What is that?" Xiao Yan also raised a strong interest.

When he just fought against the hundreds of named disciples, Xiao Yan knew that this should be the experience given to them, after all, Mu Xuzi also said.

In their Burning Incense Pavilion, if you want to get a lot of resources, the first thing you need to do is to have enough strength to get enough resources to quickly improve yourself.

The survival rules of the Fenxiang Pavilion are also extremely severe, but there is no doubt that the quality of the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion is also extremely good.

"Do you know the purpose of those people just now?" Mu Xuzi also sold Guan Zi, and then said slowly.

"The people just now should have the qualifications to join our Burning Incense Pavilion, so I want to test us..." Green Flute is also very playful.

"You're right..."

"But the most important thing is to select outstanding disciples."

"The number of people in each of the three halls of our Burning Incense Pavilion is also extremely small, but there is no doubt that each of them is a unique powerhouse."

"But don't forget, our Fenxiang Pavilion is one of the nine super sects, and there are countless people who want to join our sect, so in order not to directly reject them, we also have the status of named disciples."

"There are countless named disciples in the nine super sects, but the chances of successfully joining the sect by virtue of the named disciples are close to zero."

"As for the named disciple who just fought with you, it's just the tip of the iceberg among the many named disciples in our Fenxiang Pavilion."

"The purpose of this challenge is to prove the excellence of the disciples who joined our Fenxiang Pavilion, and secondly, it is also to cut off their delusional desire to join us. After all, although our Fenxiang Pavilion has a small number of disciples, it is better to be short than excessive, so I will definitely not accept some. A person of mediocre qualifications."

"Otherwise, it will waste their time and ruin the reputation of our Fenxiang Pavilion for many years." Mu Xuzi also murmured, and his voice was full of unquestionable majesty.

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan also shook his head when he heard the words. Obviously, Mu Xuzi's words, he had already guessed it just now, but there were still some changes in his heart when he heard it.

Although this Burning Incense Pavilion is a treasured place for cultivation, it is also a place where talents gather. Xiao Yan believes that those who can join this Burning Incense Pavilion will definitely not be ordinary people...

At this time, the blood that had been silent for many years in Xiao Yan's body seemed to be ignited at this moment.

Because Xiao Yan has also found the passion for cultivation, Xiao Yan has absolute confidence, breaking out into the world in the Fenxiang Pavilion where talents gather today!

"Okay, then it's time to give you the reward for joining the sect..."

"Are you ready?" Mu Xuzi also said slowly.

"Yeah." The five responded in unison. Xiao Yan also discovered that the door of light in the center of the hall was slowly opening, and then a rather familiar force also permeated from the door of light. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: