Chapter Vol 4 2078: Holy flame armor to bring peace!

The latest website: "Holy Flame?" Countless strong men in the altar mountain stood up from their seats tremblingly, watching the amber flames vented from Xiao Yan's body, his eyelids twitched violently, and his whole body became dry mouth Tongue dry up, it seems that the scene in front of them has surpassed their cognition.

Could this Xiao Yan be a monster?

In addition, the void within a kilometer of the entire mountain range became distorted, and a scorching heat wave swept through everyone in the mountain range.

Fluctuations of that level, even some eight-star fighting immortal powerhouses, smelled a terrifying oppression!

"What an amazing and talented guy." At this moment, Yao Wan Wan did not have any doubts and shook his head lightly. Obviously, this time the Yao clan ceremony seemed to be just a wedding dress for others, but for him, it was not Like those pedantic fellows in the clan, in his eyes, the supreme way of refining medicine is above the clan.

"This Xiao Yan!" At this moment, including Yao Yichen, who has always been arrogant and arrogant, regarded Xiao Yan as the real enemy, and was suddenly united by Shen Hong and others, and a special strategy against Xiao Yan emerged. , but they did not stop here, but seized the time to collect medicinal materials. After all, not many people can resist the power of holy flame in the core circle of spiritual ascension.

Deep in the mountains, the vast land was covered with a layer of silver mist, and the coercion of the heavens and the earth contained in it made some weak beasts kneel down.

"A seven-star fighting immortal perfect human being actually has a holy flame, it really surprises the two of us."

"It's better to rely on us, I promise you..." The three-tailed demon fox looked at Xiao Yan's gesture, although shocked, he calmed down after a while and sneered.

"I'll help you with this." Following Xiao Yan's sneer, countless flaming flames descended from the sky, and all of them roared towards Xiao Yan's palm. After a while, Xiao Yan's palm instantly solidified, a touch of amber-colored dangerous fire foxes. Like a elf, cheering and jumping, but this elf-like flame is flowing around Xiao Yan's body, it seems that something on Xiao Yan's body is slowly sprouting and sprouting.

"Kill!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the two demon beasts looked at each other and felt a deep sense of heat. Immediately, endless suffocating energy emerged from their bodies, falling one after the other and suddenly converging together. The lightning storm killed Xiao Yan with an extremely terrifying offensive.

"Dong dong dong!" The terrifying lightning storm was venting endless anger, the entire sky became extremely cold, and the awe-inspiring breath of death permeated the ground.

"Human..." Seeing Xiao Yan help him so recklessly, the wooden puppet devil has already been transformed into a pure light group, but he firmly remembers this figure, but he is still one step away from successfully ascending. After a little time, now I can only pin all my hopes on Xiao Yan.

"Holy Flame Fire!" Seeing the lightning storm that contained the power of destruction, Xiao Yan was silent, the flame elf in his hand flickered instantly, and suddenly exploded, and the hot amber flames filled the sky. Evolved into a real sea of ​​fire!

"Holy Flame Sea, burn me!" When the lightning storm was raging, the darling of the fire that Xiao Yan's palm fused finally fully bloomed, and the sacred and hot holy flames burned the entire void, faintly About a twisted meaning swept out.

The splendid amber flame hides a destructive power that surpasses the heavens and the earth. Even with the strength of the two monsters, they are overwhelmed and overwhelmed.

"What's the matter now?" At this moment, the rock armor on the shoulders of the Earth Demon Bear actually became hot, with faint traces of shattering and disintegration, and suddenly whistled with a huge flame force.

"You can only use the trump card, otherwise once this guy has delayed enough time, the wooden puppet demon will succeed in soaring. At that time, our coveted origin will fall short." Seeing this, the three-tailed demon fox slowly swayed its tail behind him. A surging force emerged.

"If my strength can break through the eight stars, with the increase of holy flame, I will be close to invincible existence in the same level, and have a new original skill after the fusion of holy flame, my current strength is not what it used to be." Xiao Yan looked at it. Looking at the small world of the sea of ​​​​fire, he nodded with satisfaction, it seemed that the power of the holy flame would increase with the increase of his own strength.

The place of ascension is close to a thousand-meter sea of ​​​​fire. The raging fire continues to burn all the creatures in the void and inside. It can be vaguely seen that two gigantic monsters have gently transformed from human appearances into real monsters!

The Earth Demon Bear, with its brown fur constantly resisting the erosion of the holy flame, its entire body is as unfathomable as a mountain. There are frantic fluctuations in the bear's eyes, and the fur on its body echoes the ground. The power swept out.

"Dong, dong, dong!" The three-tailed magic fox also turned into the body of the magic fox. The three monster tails behind him kept shaking, and every shaking would bring an unparalleled terrifying power.

"Fist of the Earth!"

"Devil Fox's Heart Eye!" Without any extra rhetoric, the two roared at the same time, and the sensible tone fell directly. A rock fist and a demon fox soul shadow flashed out and shot at Xiao Yan!

With the display of their power, the temperature in the sea of ​​​​fire suddenly dropped, and even a trace of cracks appeared, vaguely emitting a hint of fear.

"Humans, this is the end!" Looking at this scene, the three-tailed demon fox's face turned gloomy, and endless killing intent and sneer emerged.

With the strongest blow of himself and the Earth Demon Bear, send Xiao Yan on the road, and immediately collect the origin of the wood puppet demon!

"Let's take you to try my new power after the fusion of various holy flames."

"Holy Flame Armor!" Xiao Yan's voice was gentle and virtuous, but as the voice fell, the flames in the entire sea of ​​fire quickly escaped, carrying Xiao Yan's body together, and every flame was evenly distributed on Xiao Yan's skin On the limbs, after the breath, it turned into a gorgeous armor, shining and protecting it like a god's mansion walking on earth is brilliant!

"Come on!" Feeling the fusion of various holy flames, the original skill armor, Xiao Yan's mouth filled with a faint smile, and immediately stepped out, clenched his fist with one hand, and blasted out with a fist against the sky!

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan, who was bathed in the amber-colored soul robe, was extremely sacred. He punched out, and the attack of the two was instantly shattered.

"It's really bad luck!" At this moment, the two scolded secretly, and fled here in a hurry.

The punch of Xiao Yan just now contained endless killing intent and a terrifying power that they could not understand. If they stayed here, I am afraid they would fall completely!

They had only been able to transform into a human form after cultivating magical beasts for thousands of years.

"It's a pity... otherwise, my new holy flame original skill, holy flame soul clothes, is enough for me to try the limit." Xiao Yan watched the two flee, but did not pursue deeply, but closed his eyes and rested his mind, and directly Sitting cross-legged on top of the void felt the power of the new Holy Flame Origin Technique, and secondly, it was also to protect the wooden puppet demon from successfully ascending.