Chapter Vol 4 1133: Crazy Dan!

"Brother Qing, come on." Xiao Yan looked at Qing Wen, who looked a little wary, and said with a smile.

He and Qing'er have already got the treasure. If there is no treasure in this last treasure box, it will probably cause a big blow to Qing Wen, so Xiao Yan looked at Qing Wen and said.

"Okay." When Qing Wen heard the words, he smiled lightly. He naturally knew that Xiao Yan sensed his concerns before he spoke. It wasn't that the last treasure chest was dangerous and wanted him to take the lead.

"I hope there is something." Qing Wen took the last vertebra in Xiao Yan's palm and smiled slowly.

"Open it." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Yes." Qingwen agreed, and then without hesitation, her spine was inserted into the shackles of the treasure box without a trace.

"Crack!" With a slight turn of Qing Wen's palm, the treasure chest was slowly opened.

"Boom boom boom!" The closed treasure chest was just opened a little, and a dazzling red light suddenly emerged!

"What an evil red light..." And Xiao Yan only felt the contents of this last treasure box for a moment. I'm afraid it's not easy.

"What a terrifying coercion!" Qing Wen was under the powerful coercion, and the dazzling power of life and death slowly blended, which was quite uncomfortable.

"Bang bang bang!" With the sound of a few breaths, all the treasure chests were opened, and then Qing Wen's figure was also rushed back a few meters away by a tyrannical impact.

Xiao Yan was also not feeling well. Although he had already defended himself, he was still pushed back a few meters by the red light emanating from the treasure chest.

"What is this..." As soon as Qingwen stabilized her figure, she cast her gaze on the last treasure chest.

Slowly looking at it, standing in the treasure box at this time, it is a jade bottle with a very delicate texture. The jade bottle is depicted with a dragon and a phoenix, which is quite atmospheric, and in the jade bottle, there is a dragon eye size. The elixir stood quietly.

The elixir was dark red, while the jade bottle was emitting a faint cyan color. As for the dragon and phoenix jade bottle, there was a large area of ​​red light surrounding it, which was like the power of evil, and it was extremely desolate like a dead aura.

"It's actually an elixir?" Seeing this, Qing Wen frowned and said.

"This medicine pill seems to be different." Xiao Yan stared at the medicine pill, but shook his head slowly.

"Soul power, come out!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's huge soul power gathered directly towards the pill, trying to use his soul power to find out the true face of this thing.

"Hoohoho!" When Xiao Yan's soul power just touched the dragon and phoenix jade bottle, a loud sound of dragon and phoenix twinkling came out from the treasure chest!

"not good!"

"Protect your mind!" Xiao Yan cursed loudly, and then said to Qing Wen.

"Boom boom boom!" The loud and clear voice of the dragon and the phoenix slowly reverberated throughout the entire Pill Hall, like ripples of destruction, constantly emitting.

"Huhu, this guy..." After a few breaths, the sound of the dragon and phoenix chirping slowly dissipated.

"It's just some miscellaneous sounds of dragons and phoenixes." Seeing this, Soul Eater said lightly.

"..." Xiao Yan was dumbfounded when he heard the words, even if it was a dragon and a phoenix, it was an extremely powerful pressure for the current self.

"This should be the work of the evil pharmacist, right?" Xiao Yan ran out of means for a while, just walked over gently, and carefully looked at the dark red medicinal pill and said.

"This thing, I..." And Qing Wen, who was beside him, seemed to remember something, but he couldn't be sure for a while, and said intermittently.

"I don't know what this medicinal pill does... but it comes from the evil pharmacist's hand, so I'm afraid I can't use the medicinal power of ordinary medicinal pills as an inference." Xiao Yan shook his head. Obviously, no matter what, he could not see what the dark red medicinal pill could do. mystery.

Xiao Yan was also a little helpless. Once he used his vindictive energy or soul power, the dragon and phoenix jade bottle would immediately send out extremely powerful pressure.

"I remembered, this seems to be the proud work of the evil pharmacist." At the next moment, Qing Wen's voice was full of excitement.

"Brother Qing, what is this thing?" Xiao Yan heard the words and cast his eyes towards Qing Wen, and found that Qing Wen was exuding a frenzy of madness.

"This is the mad magic pill." Qing Wen's pupils were filled with a hint of fiery, and he opened his mouth slightly.

"Crazy Demon Pill?" Xiao Yan shook his head slightly when he heard the words, obviously he had never heard of this kind of pill, but according to Xiao Yan's guess, I am afraid that the medicinal power of this pill could not be inferred by common sense.

"Yes, it's the mad magic pill."

"As for its efficacy, it can increase the strength of the user in a short period of time." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"Increase strength in a short period of time?" Xiao Yan asked rather strangely after hearing this.

After reaching Dou Di, basically no one uses the secret method to improve strength, let alone Dou Xian strong.

Because they all know that improving the secret method is too heavy for their own, if they accidentally lose the source, I am afraid that the gain will outweigh the loss for life, so not many people in the ranks of the secret method and the fighting gods will use it.

"Haha, Brother Xiao Yan, you don't know something."

"There are rumors about this evil pharmacist in our Ghost King City."

"And this mad magic pill is his proud work."

"To tell you the truth, the effect of this mad magic pill is under the three-star fighting spirit. After taking it, there will be an hour's increase in strength... and the degree of improvement is even more staggering!"

"It can raise a whole major rank!"

"If your two-star Dou Xian is consummated, after taking it, you will have an hour's three-star Dou Xian consummation power."

"And the best effect of the mad magic pill is that it will not affect the source Although you will fall into weakness for a month after taking it, it will not affect your cultivation path. It made countless people jealous." Qing Wen said slowly, his voice full of heat.

"It turns out that there is such an effect." Xiao Yan heard that, but he was quite looking forward to it.

"Brother Xiao Yan, this medicinal pill is very valuable, but I must get it."

"After all, in our Ghost King City, the relationship between our Qing family and the Yu family has reached an extremely dangerous level. With this pill, our Qing family can protect ourselves." The next moment, Qing Wen's pupils showed a very sincere look. breath.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Brother Qing can take this medicinal pill and take it." Xiao Yan also said with a slight smile.

He had already obtained enough things. Although Xiao Yan, the mad demon pill, was also quite tempted, he could only give up his love.

"Then the document means that the entire Qing family would like to thank Brother Xiao Yan."

"If Brother Xiao Yan doesn't dislike it, you can go back to Ghost King City with me after you break through to the Immortal Battle. It just so happens that a large auction is about to be held in Ghost King City." Qing Wen gently put away the Mad Devil Pill and said immediately.

"Alright." Xiao Yan heard the words and slowly agreed. He naturally knew that Qing Wen's words meant something to win over him, but when he first came to the ramp, he also provoked the Yu family. He went to Qing's house. Also a good choice.

"The next step is to absorb the corpse pill and break through the Emperor Dou!" Qing Wenwen smiled slowly after hearing this.