Chapter Vol 4 2157: Xun Er is jealous?

With the end of the catastrophe in the Holy See Holy City, Xiao Yan's deeds will undoubtedly spread in a very short period of time. After all, there are those strong people who have experienced catastrophe, so there is no need for Xiao Yan to worry too much. In a few days, the entire Doudi Continent will know about it.

On the other side, the headquarters of the Endless Fire Territory is located on the Xuanling Mountain of the Xuanling Continent. At this time, the figures are quite busy, and many departments with a clear division of labor operate the entire Endless Fire Territory, and at the same time deliver countless freshness to the Endless Fire Territory. blood.

The main hall, this is a very grand hall in the endless fire area. The main hall is a hall for the two mistresses to deal with many things in the endless fire area on weekdays. It is extremely serious.

Here, all the orders are done by the two master mothers themselves, and only with their approval can one order after another be carried out. Therefore, for a long time, there has been no flaw in the Endless Fire Territory.

"No, I have to go take a look."

In the empty hall, Cai Lin sat on the golden-purple seat, and her icy eyes revealed a strong sense of worry. Obviously, it was too late to look up the letter on the table, and a gorgeous color light appeared on her body. , there is a faint trace of wanting to go to Douyun Continent.

"Miss Cailin."

At this time, seeing Cailin so restless, Mu Yingying held onto her fragrant shoulder with her slender hand, and didn't say much. It was obvious that the two of them had the same thoughts.

"The Holy See is too powerful, they have the strength to rule the entire Dou Di Continent."

"Endless Fire Territory is on the right track. Even if I'm not here, with your help, it can still run stably."

"I have to go this time."

The look in Cailin's eyes is very firm. There has been no news of Xiao Yan for a long time, which makes the reverse scale in her heart fiercely touched. With her control over the endless fire domain for a long time, she naturally knows the relationship between the Holy See and Douyun Continent over the entire Doudi Continent. serving size.

"Do not."

"Miss Cailin."

"I've already belonged to him, and this time I'll go with you."

"Let's go."

Mu Yingying smiled sweetly, two flames converged in the icy hall, and a crack in the void emerged, tearing apart the void here.

"go."

Seeing this, Cailin nodded slightly to him, and immediately the two held hands and stepped towards the void together.

"Wong buzzing!"

At the same time, a certain void passage in the hall began to creep strangely, and the golden flames turned into several golden crows, which slowly lit up the place. The dazzling golden flames were extremely dazzling, and it seemed that a figure was about to emerge .

"This is?"

Mu Yingying wondered, it seems that this aura is quite good, and there are fluctuations of holy flames in it?

"Xun'er is out."

Cailin closed the crack in the void at will, then held Mu Yingying's jade hand in her palm, quietly looking at the void in the distance.

This place has long been linked to the Underground Palace of Endless Fire Territory, so if Xun'er leaves the customs, she will appear here as soon as possible.

"This...is that Xun'er?"

At this moment, Mu Yingying couldn't help but lowered her head in shame. For some unknown reason, even her chest began to tremble slightly, as if she was extremely afraid of this figure.

"Sister Cailin, I haven't seen you for a long time, you are really getting more and more beautiful."

Xun Er Tingting strolled, walked out of the golden flames, and came to Cailin with a smile, quite happy.

"The same to you."

Cailin's beautiful eyes stretched out, and after Xun'er retreated, her strength was stronger than before!

"By the way, what about Brother Xiao Yan?"

Xun'er suddenly remembered something, and hurriedly asked with concern, but Xun'er was keenly aware that the woman behind Cailin seemed to have something else on her mind at this time?

And its eyes didn't dare to look at him at all, and vaguely avoided him, as if he was afraid of himself!

"Xiao Yan has gone to the Holy See now, and we are about to go."

"Let's go together."

Hearing Xun'er say this, Cailin immediately said in a deep voice, and a rare chill appeared in her voice.

"What's up?"

Xun'er was startled, as if a bad premonition swept out.

"The powerhouses of the entire continent have gathered their strength to attack the Holy See, and now they are surrounded by the Holy City, I am afraid the war is imminent."

Cailin said so.

"No, let's go!"

While speaking, Xun'er couldn't care about other things, her body trembled, and she hurriedly prepared to step through the void and head towards Douyun Continent.

As the new-generation patriarch of the ancient clan, Xun'er naturally knows a lot about the Holy See, so she also knows that it is completely nonsense to want to overthrow such a giant.

"By the way, this lady, may I ask?"

When the three girls were about to leave, Xun'er looked at Mu Yingying and suddenly said something.

From the beginning to the end, with Xun'er's understanding of Cailin, this woman must be so close to Cailin, her status is definitely not low!

"Stunned..."

After being asked by Xun'er, Mu Yingying's body instantly froze, standing in a stalemate in mid-air, looking up at Xun'er who was in the mid-air, only then did she see her delicate body.

The light and graceful three thousand blue silks are hanging down, the delicate face, the small and agile face, the moving eyes, and several advantages outline the whole body like a fairy, and can't find any flaws, it is so beautiful. As suffocating.

At this time, Xun'er looked at Mu Yingying with beautiful eyes, and found that the latter finally looked at her, she couldn't help but turn her eyes away.

"How can it be?"

Seeing this, Xun'er noticed something from Mu Yingying's eyes, and her body shrank like an electric shock.

"That's right... She is Xiao Yan's third..."

At this time, Cai Lin could only come forward to explain with a helpless expression.

"impossible!"

When Xun'er saw this, there was a hint of arrogance in her beautiful eyes. With a low roar, the surrounding void suddenly collapsed for several meters, as if it was swallowed up by some mysterious giant in an instant.

As a woman, and she was the proud daughter of the giant family on Dou Qi Continent at the beginning, she was very possessive towards Xiao Yan, but the appearance of Cai Lin could only make Xun Er mute to eat Huang Lian.

If the love that is divided into two is separated, I am afraid Kaoru will be the first to run wild!

"Xuanling Continent is Xiao Yanchu's first stop to Daqian."

"Her name is Mu Yingying."

"The predecessor was a holy flame on the holy flame list. In order to find his brother, he converted to human beings and entered the Xuanling Continent."

"When I met Xiao Yan, all kinds of things happened, and I even sacrificed my life for Xiao Yan in the end."

Cailin walked towards Xun'er step by step Like a big sister who was close to her, she comforted her and stimulated her, because this kind of thing would be exposed sooner or later.

"No, don't say any more."

Xun'er was in a very low mood at this time, the corners of her mouth pouted viciously, and a rather terrifying anger emerged.

"Sister Cailin, stop talking."

"I...I'm going."

Seeing Xun'er's arrogant posture, Mu Yingying also pursed her lips, and then walked slightly towards the outside of the hall!

"Hum hum!"

Xun'er raised her slender hand and roared towards a dark shadow in the hall.

"Tear it off!"

The shadow was unprepared, and was hit straight, and suddenly a familiar man appeared.

"Oh, the three queens spare your life!"

Xiao Yan scratched his head and looked innocently at the three swordsmen in front of him.

"Sister Xun'er...are you jealous?"

Seeing the angry Xun'er who kept chasing Xiao Yan in the hall, Mu Yingying covered the corner of her mouth sweetly and said with a smile.

Obviously at this moment, both Cailin and Xun'er acquiesced in their existence, and a long-lost relief and happiness lingered in Mu Yingying's heart.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: