Chapter Vol 4 1813: Plan and look ahead!

Far away on the other side, in the original temple of Li Soul Domain.

"Huhu." A tall gray throne like a stalwart. Above the throne, countless gray thunderbolts were as quiet as they were welcoming the return of their true king, prostrate around the temple.

"Shabu Shabu!" With a sound, countless gray thunders trembled, seemingly turning into a vague shadow standing above the void, and at the same time, the figure sitting on the throne opened his eyes slightly.

Forge Qifei!

Thunder Lord's afterimage!

"In his body, since you left the tomb of Thunder, I have a trace of my breath. The crisis just now has been resolved according to your intention. I took action to help him." Lei Lord Xuying said softly.

"Hoohoo."

"Thank you, teacher." Listening to the voice of the master Lei, Du Qifei sat on the throne in relief.

"In a short time, you will be completely reincarnated, and I will be successfully reincarnated. At that time, the Thunder Emperor's sacred scripture will appear on him..." Lei Lord Afterimage continued.

"Teacher, let's start."

"I need strength, to defend something."

"..." As soon as the voice fell, the silence here was restored, but the power in Duo Qifei's body became more and more tyrannical, and the pattern of reincarnation became completely bright. It will also come in the form of rebirth, and two supreme powers will be born at that time.

Of course, that's all for later.

On the other side, in the Shuiyuan City on the Tianxing Continent.

Ever since Xiao Yan was in a coma, he has been placed in the city lord's mansion by Wu Kun and others, taking care of him day and night for fear of any loss, and with the antidote of the Dark Underworld and Ji Xuan's explanation, the biting incident and the evil deeds of Tian Steward, It is also completely exposed.

Taking advantage of his position, Tian Steward has been serving as the **** of Sin Sima, and secretly imprisoned all the visitors in Shuiyuan City and sent them to the devil's lair for the devil's experiment.

But now the truth is revealed, Xiao Yan's heroic name resounds throughout Shuiyuan City.

"This guy has been in a coma for a month. It's only ten days before the election ceremony for the three candidates. It will take at least three days to travel from Shuiyuan City to Tianxing City. It's too late for this." At this time, the city owner In the hall of the mansion, the city lord Wu Kun walked back and forth, extremely worried about Xiao Yan's situation.

"City Lord, don't be impatient, Xiao Yan's injury is not serious, but he is still unconscious, this subordinate doesn't know..." Among the crowd, a doctor hurriedly said.

"Forget it, this thing can't be rushed."

"My lords, please go back to Tianxing City first. With your help, we can rest assured that the princess is safe. As for Sir Xiao Yan, I will wait for him to wake up and take him back with me." Watching the crowd surging in the hall Everyone, Ji Xuan got up and said.

"Hey, I'm worried about everyone." Just as everyone was discussing, a dashing laughter appeared in the hall like a gentle breeze.

"Little guy, you have done a good job this time." Many powerful people, including the royal family's important minister Qixing Dou Xian Lin Xiu, the city owner and others watched Xiao Yan come safe and sound, and a smile appeared in their hearts.

"It's all about luck..." Xiao Yan also smiled slightly when he looked at the powerhouses present.

"Don't be arrogant or impetuous, this guy is very human." Looking at Xiao Yan's scene, Lin Xiu was secretly shocked. Being able to knock back the angels showed his strength or that there was a big man behind him. His conduct was neither arrogant nor impetuous. Guys, you will be great in the future.

"Now the matter in Shuiyuan City has been solved perfectly, what are your plans?" Xiao Yan walked to his seat and sat down, and said.

"There are still ten days before the election starts."

"In ten days, we spent three days on the road, and there are still seven days left."

"These seven days will be the last stage of the three major forces' open and secret struggle. I think the other two electors will send strong men to besiege the princess at all costs, because this election is based on the three of them. Falling, I am afraid that the forces behind him will collapse in an instant." Smiling at Xiao Yan, Ji Xuan took the lead, stood up and explained.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard this.

"Master Ji Xuan is the personal bodyguard beside the princess, and the two of them had a long-standing relationship." Looking at Xiao Yan's doubtful gaze, Lin Xiu explained.

"So it is." Xiao Yan said with relief.

"So after returning this time, I made a rash decision to let Lord Xiao Yan protect the princess." Ji Xuan looked at Xiao Yan expectantly.

Xiao Yan's actions through the devil's lair can be considered to have completely conquered Ji Xuan. Therefore, by letting Xiao Yan protect his most beloved person, Ji Xuanfang can safely fall into the battle and kill the enemy.

"What about you?" Xiao Yan asked back, from Ji Xuan's words just now, Xiao Yan could easily detect a touch of determination.

"I will assassinate the other two princes. Regardless of success or failure, I must create some pressure on them." Ji Xuan took a deep breath and said word by word.

"I can't do things like protecting people, so you should do it."

"Give me the information on the remaining two princes, and I will personally take action and kill one of them. Even if it fails, I am afraid it will be enough to disrupt their plans." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he turned around and turned his back to everyone Go to your home.

"Sir Xiao Yan...Thank you." Hearing Xiao Yan's understated voice, Ji Xuan's pupils became moist again.

The assassination mission was originally a life-and-death task, but in order for the princess to be elected, Ji Xuan had to choose. Now Xiao Yan's move undoubtedly really infected Ji Xuan, so that when the Endless Fire Territory suffered a great disaster in the future, Ji Xuan and his wife were The first to fight back.

However, Ji Xuan did not know that Xiao Yan was actually just looking for the whereabouts of the Devil Fruit, because with some speculations from Xiao Yan, Gamma and Butler Tian should flee between the two princes.

"Tomorrow morning, will leave." With the last sound, Xiao Yan also disappeared here.

"Everyone, go back and have a good rest today." Ji Xuan said with a free and easy smile.

"Huhu, this time is really lucky." Xiao Yan returned to his residence, set up the next soul barrier, and immediately sat cross-legged on the bed, carefully examining his body.

After this battle, Xiao Yan's power increased to the late stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, and he even got lucky enough to obtain a dark underworld warrior comparable to the initial stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, as well as a lot of information that he knew that the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler could evolve into an artifact.

However, the time of Emperor Tuoshe's appearance was limited, and his memory was not complete, so Xiao Yan was also at a loss as to how the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire Eternal could evolve.

"Take care of the aura in the body, and when the election is over after returning, you will be able to contact Immortal Flame."

"When the time comes, with the blessing of the Immortal Fire, I am afraid that I will be able to touch the supreme immortality." Xiao Yan said, standing alone on the bed to practice, and the breath in his body was also working a little bit.

Just don't underestimate Xiao Yan in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Xian. Just by competing with the Dou Qi energy in the Dou Core, I am afraid that at this time Xiao Yan is comparable to the human beings in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Xian.

At this time, the second green wood attribute bucket core in Xiao Yan's body was also slowly rotating. Once Xiao Yan had mastered the wood attribute skills and combined fire and wood, he would be able to achieve a leapfrog battle without using the swallowing flame technique.