Chapter 479: Intense collision!

"Hey hey, let's fight, the powers of the eight-star Dou Di and above, the soul power after death is quite wonderful... I can't say that I have collected the souls of so many powerhouses, and my status will be improved again."

"Solomon, you are just the running dogs of the ghost world. Do you think the ghost world really wants to cooperate with you?"

"The ghost world's partner has always been our Soul Palace." Under the dark desert, a strange smile said.

"My lord, the strength of Qin Tiandou Emperor Peak and Shefu Banxian is a little tricky." Under the desert, a group of people headed by Nu Dong said with some trepidation.

"Don't worry, cooperate with our Soul Palace, and guarantee that you will not be treated badly."

"As for the half-immortal, I have the means to deal with it." After the black figure finished speaking, he instantly closed his mouth and stared at the battle above the desert through a crystal ball in front of him.

Seeing this, Ang Dong whispered in his heart: "I hope you don't let me down, or even if you are a member of the Soul Palace, I'm afraid I will let you stay forever."

"I'm afraid King Xuanling's strength has reached rank five..."

"Even the veteran powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family like Qin Tianyemo have been dispatched..."

"It seems that this time, King Xuanling seems to be bound to get the things in this temple, otherwise he will not dispatch the entire dragon-loving army. I really don't know what is in this temple. If you don't go to the desert area, I'm afraid I still want to try my luck." The scarred man looked at the three battles in the sky and said quite fiery.

It is enough to see how precious this treasure is to be able to dispatch such a terrifying lineup to this Medusa!

"Be careful, I feel that several huge forces are rapidly approaching here, I'm afraid it won't be long before the leaders of the nine major tribes of Medusa will come here..." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Hey, at present, the situation of the snake people seems to be quite bad..." The coyote said slightly.

"Look at it slowly, the battles of the Dou Di peak powerhouses are rare." Tang Tang heard the words, opened his mouth slightly, and then focused on the three battles in front of him.

Tang Tang's voice just fell, and the three battles are also in the white-hot stage.

"Xiaoqing, that woman seems a little weird!" The green snake was forced to retreat by the mysterious demon, and said directly.

Just as the green snake appeared, it was targeted by this mysterious demon.

The vindictiveness of this mysterious demon is quite strange, revealing a gloomy feeling invisibly, and even faintly eroding the soul power of the green snake, so the green snake had to draw some strength to defend.

It's just that after the green snake pulled out some of the power to defend against the mysterious black energy of the mysterious demon, he actually discovered that the mysterious demon in front of him could actually rely on the perfect strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor to tie him with a nine-star Dou Emperor!

This is unheard of!

"Damn it!" There was a trace of anxiety on the green snake's pretty face, and then the green vindictiveness of the sky emerged, attacking the mysterious demon in front of him!

"Tsk tsk tsk..."

"It's really delicious. I wonder if the blood in your body is so delicious." Facing the green snake's terrifying attack, Xuanmo didn't panic, he opened his mouth directly, and then directed the green vindictive energy directly. Absorb it all!

As all the attacks of the green snake were absorbed by the mysterious demon, the complete strength breakthrough of the mysterious eight-star Dou Di was somewhat loosened.

"No, if this continues, we will lose sooner or later!" The green snake said solemnly, and then kept dealing with the mysterious demon in front of him. On the other hand, he conveyed information to the blue and white snake beside him.

However, the blue-and-white snake is not easy. Although one person is only dealing with a few eight-star fighting emperors, the cooperation of these eight-star fighting emperors with each other, even the blue-and-white snake, can not help but be slightly surprised.

And the most important thing is that under the influence of the fighting spirit in the Fanyu space, no matter how terrifying the blue-and-white snake launches itself, it will be skillfully removed by Fanyu!

With the cooperation of the Xuanling Royal Family, even the absolute gap in strength has been infinitely narrowed.

"No, my strength... shouldn't be so weak." The blue and white snake frowned slightly, and then thought!

The blue-and-white snake is a dignified rank five nine-star Dou Emperor, how could it be delayed by several eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouses.

"No, there must be something wrong!" The blue and white snake said quietly, and then its beautiful eyes turned towards the surroundings!

The next moment, the pupils of the blue and white snake stared at the medicine core not far away, and then the pupils shrank tightly.

"What is that..." He opened his mouth slightly, and then the blue-and-white snake directly saw that the medicine core sitting cross-legged, slowly exuding six extremely illusory rays of light!

The six rays of light are connected with the six people in the battle at this time!

"This woman is definitely weird..." The blue and white snake's pupils turned quickly, and at a glance, they found the problem!

How could he be so weak with his dignified rank five and nine-star Dou Di!

"Have you been found..."

"Then it's time to end this farce." Fan Yu said, his breath suddenly soaring!

In a short period of time, he broke through the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, and it is still soaring!

"One Turn Nine Star Dou Di..."

"Second Rank Nine Star Dou Di..."

"Four-turn Nine-Star Dou Di!"

"How is that possible!" A hint of inconceivable appeared in the eyes of the blue-and-white snake, and then the mini snake on the face slowly fell off into the hands of the blue-and-white snake.

"What a strange secret method!" The blue and white snake's hand accompanied the snake.

"This is trouble." The blue and white snake shell bit his lips, and a wave of death permeated his heart!

"Senior Green, help me!" The next moment, when the blue-and-white snake saw this, he also understood the seriousness of the matter, and without hesitation, he roared in the sky.

Exciting and ear-piercing sound waves echoed in this world, and then the accompanying purple snake in the hands of the blue-and-white snake instantly turned into a huge snake with a body of 100 meters!

The snake's body flashed a very strange purple color, and in the snake's pupil, a fierce hostility slowly radiated towards the Yaoxin group.

"It's time to end." Fan Yu slowly raised his extremely smooth palm, and then stared at the blue-and-white snake and the giant purple snake under its feet. The demon was chasing after him, unable to help the blue-and-white snake at all.

"That's not necessarily true." Seeing this, the green snake senior was actually being chased by the mysterious demon, and immediately knew that the green snake senior couldn't spare a hand to help him, so there was a madness in his pupils.

At the same time, a purple grudge suddenly emerged from the blue-and-white snake's body!

The purple grudge just emerged, and the purple giant snake under its feet seemed to have seen a deadly poison screamed in the sky, and then opened its huge mouth, revealing those sharp fangs!

"Tricks of carving insects!" Fan Yu snorted coldly, and then did not hesitate, because he knew that the secret method of suppressing blue-and-white snakes and transferring power to a person would not last long, so he had to fight quickly.

"Let's decide the outcome." Fan Yu closed his eyes slightly, and then his whole body trembled slightly!

As the power of this Fanyu skyrocketed in a short time, countless small whirlwinds slowly formed in the space around it, and a greedy aura filled the sky.

"Zihua swallows the sun!" The blue-and-white snake let out a coquettish roar, and then the purple aura all over the body instantly gathered at one point, and then exploded, forming a round of purple moon. Fan Yu on the side left!

"Space... Destroyed!" Fan Yu faced such terrifying fluctuations, and was not afraid, his pupils suddenly opened, and an extremely tyrannical space force appeared beside him, and then turned into a silver-white destructive energy.

The silver-white energy just appeared, and the space around Fanyu trembled strangely!

The next moment, Ziyue's Shekou suddenly appeared!

At this moment, around Ziyue, countless small whirlpools appeared!

With the appearance of the small vortex, the energy of destruction in the purple moon instantly plummeted!

"Destroy!" At the next moment, Fan Yu said in a deep voice!

Then an extremely terrifying huge black hole appeared,

Immediately after that, directly inhale that Ziyue into it!

"Shabu!" The black hole is full of terrifying destructive power, slowly weakening the energy of this purple moon!

"Ugh……"

When the blue and white snake standing on the purple giant snake saw this, a sense of powerlessness spread all over the body. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: