Chapter Vol 4 1975: 3 strokes about!

"That's..." Several of the guardians who had just woken up looked at Xiao Yan's weak body with bright eyes, and a familiar aura filled their hearts.

They are very familiar with that kind of breath, it is clearly the breath of the Xiao clan!

"Mother..." Not long after, dozens of guardian figures appeared on the top of the hilltop square at the same time, and said softly, but their eyes were staring at Xiao Yan with a vicious look, wishing to eat Xiao Yan raw.

"Wake up all the guardians and jointly punish the people of the Xiao clan in front of you." Feng Wan'er shook her head slowly, obviously the attack just took a lot of strength, but now the hatred for the Xiao clan has been reduced a lot, just because of the There are a lot of guardians behind him, it's hard to say it clearly.

"Mother... this matter may be very strange, I hope you think twice." As Feng Wan'er spoke, Mo Ze took the initiative to resign for Xiao Yan.

"Mother, things are definitely not what we imagined, why don't we go to the underworld to investigate things clearly..." Su Xueying pondered.

As guardians, they are naturally aware of the relationship between the Xiao family and the underworld.

"Isn't the underworld so easy to step into?"

"I've made up my mind... let's do it." Feng Wan'er finished speaking, her palm was raised, and she pointed at Xiao Yan lightly, and a touch of ice force immediately bound Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan only felt that His body trembled, and even his soul was frozen by it.

"Senior Feng, I believe you are a sensible person. Senior Xiao Yuntian just said that even though the leader of the group who killed the Guardian is exactly the same as him, the Great Thousand World has become too big, and there is no guarantee that there is any god. Things can have this kind of weird power." Xiao Yan said.

"What happened just now, like this..." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Su Xueying said everything that had just happened to the dozens of people behind her who were very hostile.

"Are we really deceived?"

"Will there be any hidden feelings in it?" Su Xueying just finished speaking, and the eyes of the strong men also turned to face each other.

"If Senior Feng feels that the anger in his heart is hard to dissipate, the junior is willing to bear this anger alone." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, with a rare calmness in his voice.

Fortunately, these guys are the guardians of the Xiao family, and the Xiao family is ashamed of them. Otherwise, with Xiao Yan's character, once the power of the Holy Flame Demon is displayed, even if it is as tyrannical as Feng Wan'er, she will be buried with her.

"Mother, what Xiao Yan said is reasonable... After all, there are such great powers as Ksitigarbha King Bodhisattva in the **** world, and they all have phantoms in their hands that ordinary people can't recognize. giggle."

"Since Xiao Yan said so, it's better to make an agreement to expose this grievance and wait for the truth to be revealed in the future. It will not be too late for a complete liquidation." Su Xueying had a clever move and defended Xiao Yan.

"What do you think?" At this time, Feng Wan'er's rage in her heart also weakened a bit. Thinking about it carefully, it seemed that it was just as they said.

"The death penalty is exempt, but the living crime cannot escape."

"One move doesn't work...Three moves, after all, we don't want to crawl under a guy who has no power to hold a chicken." After a few dozen people behind him discussed it, they said in unison.

"The descendants of the Xiao Clan, the younger generation, are willing to accept the three-stroke appointment of the seniors, in order to vent the fire in the hearts of the seniors." Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly opened his mouth when he saw that things had turned around, but still muttered to Xiao Yuntian in his heart. , why bring such drudgery to yourself.

"Okay!"

"Can!"

"Boy has courage!" Hearing Xiao Yan say so, and adding that Xiao Yan had paid a great price for them just now, everyone also said for a while.

"Marven Ye, the first move is up to you." Feng Wan'er nodded lightly and said to a seemingly lean middle-aged man behind her.

"En." The man behind him heard the words, nodded slowly, and walked out immediately.

"Under Marven Ye, the suzerain of the Ye clan, and the mid-stage strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, if Brother Xiao Yan can take this blow from me, all the grievances will vanish!"

"In the future, Mrs. Ye will also let him be dispatched!" The man who walked out of the crowd, in blue robes, exuded a rather elegant aura, like a scholar.

The ancestor of this guy fell under the hands of "Xiao Yuntian", but due to the many mysteries now, he was relieved.

"Ye's?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

"There are only ten guardians who live here now, and most of the others are the leaders of some tyrannical races under the vassal of the Xiao clan. Although they are hidden, they still have the absolute right to speak once they return to the sect. Mistress is here. Help you." Seeing this, Su Xueying couldn't help but smile slightly, and sent a voice transmission to Xiao Yan's soul.

"Hmph." Seemingly aware of Su Xueying's actions, the mistress frowned and snorted coldly.

"Woo la la~" Su Xueying grimaced at him and said happily.

"Senior, let's do it." Xiao Yan untied the ice shackles on his body and said after moving a little.

"You have just ended the war now, so today is a bit... I think it might be better to pick it up tomorrow." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Marven Ye frowned and said with a smile.

"Thank you for your kindness, Senior Ye, but you don't need to worry." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Okay!"

"Has domineering, worthy of being a descendant of the blood of the Xiao family!"

"Pick me up!"

"Heyin Tianhong!" As he spoke, a delicate jade flute emerged from Marven Ye's palm, put it to his mouth, and used both his hand and his mouth, one after another of refreshing and pleasant rhythms filled the entire Peak Square!

"This Mr. Ye is actually a powerhouse of the sound attribute..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly. He only felt that countless energies were being deprived of his body, and a dizzy feeling spread throughout his body Crane Tone, go! "Not long after, countless green rhythm energies instantly formed a green crane shadow, reaching a height of thousands of meters, with an unparalleled Xeon aura, and immediately waving the huge crane wings covered with countless notes, beheading Xiao Yan!

"Dragon God's first transformation, second transformation, third transformation!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan displayed the Dragon God within his body, and his body's defense was greatly increased. Even the scales of the underlords quietly lay down on their arms, forming a path An impregnable terror defense.

"Boom boom boom!" A muffled thunder-like voice hit Xiao Yan directly, leaving countless horrifying blood-colored ripples, but this Heyin didn't hold back for long before Xiao Yan broke through.

"What a perverted kid."

"My Mrs. Ye, I am also willing to help you again." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance as if he was unscathed, Marven Ye smiled cheerfully.

"Junior thanked Sect Master Ye." Xiao Yan nodded and smiled, but his body became a little disordered because of the sound of the crane.

"Among the guardians, there is a very high prejudice against the Xiao family, and the two diehards are the most difficult to deal with."

"They are the ones you will deal with next Yan, Elephant Jiazong and Wanyuan Gui." Seeing Xiao Yan's victory, Su Xueying said through her soul transmission.

"This guy seems to be releasing water. It seems that the real trouble is still behind." Xiao Yan nodded slightly to Su Xueying to express his gratitude.

But even Xiao Yan didn't know, when did this girl treat her so well?

At first, it wasn't that he wanted to fight and kill, and he looked resentful that he was abandoned by the children of the Xiao family, but now he has become such a small family jasper, which really made Xiao Yan dumbfounded.

The first move is so simple, I am afraid that the next two moves are the real highlight!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: