Chapter Vol 4 1390: conspiracy!

"I... why am I here?"

"What's wrong with me?"

"I'm so weak..."

"I can't remember the poison... I just remember that I was in a coma just after I entered the Thunder Tomb..." Outside of Lei Chi, all the contestants returned to normal, but everyone had more or less injuries.

"It seems that the crisis of Lei Tomb was relieved by Xiao Yan and the others." Yun Qi said slightly.

"Then what are you waiting for, hurry up and leave, I don't want to stay in this ghost place for a moment." Mu Ge said after a while in fear.

"In that case, let's go!" Everyone nodded slightly, and then the thunder cards in their hands flashed directly.

When the crisis is lifted, the Thunder Tomb returns to normal, and it is natural to be able to leave here through the Thunder Card.

"Pfft." Thousands of thunder cards were crushed directly, but there was a dead silence waiting for everyone.

"This... what's going on?" When they noticed this scene, all the powerhouses couldn't help but look at each other in dismay.

"It seems... there seems to be some kind of crisis in this thunder tomb..." Yun Qidai's eyes wrinkled, with the departure of the Mingling Lei Jiao, they are the strongest here, if there is any problem, I am afraid…

"Wait... I hope nothing will happen." Seeing this, Mu Ge couldn't help clenching his fists, and then looked into the sky.

Another place, in the depths of the Thunder Pond.

"Gu master, this place should be over, right?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively, but he didn't know why, after Duo Tianhong sealed You Huan, Xiao Yan felt a sense of unease in his body. The feeling is even stronger than that brought by the ghost, and the source of unease seems to be getting closer and closer to them.

"Almost." Duan Tianhong looked at the dark sky, and suddenly retracted the Lei Di scepter in his hand. As for the sealed ghost, it was completely suppressed in the Lei Di scepter. He looked at the distant sky and seemed to be waiting for something. Obviously, what Xiao Yan noticed, he also discovered.

"In that case, let's get out of here first..."

"Because of the participation of the foreign evil race, I am afraid that the third stage of the competition will also be forced to end..." Duo Qifei stretched slightly, revealing a seductive figure. At this time, the fluctuation of reincarnation was stopped and she suddenly recovered. The breath of Miss Thunder Valley's forging knife.

"Now...it's too early." Just as everyone was about to leave, a gloomy voice, accompanied by bursts of tyrannical power, filled the space.

"Who?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and saw a huge crack of several thousand meters suddenly appear in this sky, and a figure slowly emerged from the crack.

"This is..." Duo Qifei also turned her beautiful eyes slightly, and this figure gave him a feeling of deja vu.

"Hey, Tianyan, it's just right."

"The ghostly clan's attempt to erode the Thunder Tomb has been completely suppressed by me." Duan Tianhong smiled slowly, his voice full of pride.

"This guy..." But when he saw this guy, Xiao Yan's holy flame heart wriggled abruptly, and through the human skin, a dangerous aura permeated from the man's body.

"Hehe, the big brother is still as powerful as he was back then." The person who came here was Duan Tianyan, the current Deputy Valley Master of Forging Blade Thunder Valley.

"Old, if it weren't for the injury in the body, I'm afraid it wouldn't take so much trouble." Hearing the red-haired man say, Duan Tianhong smiled bitterly.

"Susu." When Duan Tianhong spoke about the power in his body, a rare gloomy smile appeared on Duan Tianyan's face, and it disappeared in a flash.

"How's it going outside?" Duan Tianhong asked at the next moment.

"Everything is fine outside. I saw that there was no turmoil outside, and I was worried about Big Brother and Mayfair, so I broke the Lei Tomb..." Duan Tianyan explained.

"Is there no turmoil..."

"It stands to reason that although there are three strong four-star fighting immortals among the secluded and phantom clans in this extraterritorial evil clan, there are still some who want to take this and obliterate us..."

"And according to past experience, the battles of the alien races are never alone, they are a close organization..."

"Could it be that the information is wrong?" Duo Tianhong showed a puzzled look.

"Big brother, since the Youhuan family has been bound by you, it is time for us to go out." Duan Tianyan smiled.

"Uncle Tianyan." But at the next moment, before Duan Tianyan could speak, Du Qifei smiled slightly. It was obvious to all that Duan Tianyan, the deputy owner of Forge Blade Thunder Valley, had a lot of love for him.

"What is this..." After a while, Duo Tianyan's dark pupils stared at the Thunder Emperor's scepter filled with the power of thunder in Duo Tianhong's hands, wondering.

"This is the Lei Di Scepter, the relic of the Great Emperor Lei Hong. Thanks to it, otherwise I would not have enough strength to deal with the three ghosts and illusions." Duo Tianhong smiled, but in that smile, hidden With a trace of treacherousness that is difficult for ordinary people to detect.

"Lei Di Scepter... It's really a good thing..."

"Big brother is sick now, why don't you leave this thing to me for safekeeping." Duan Tianyan said with a smile.

"That's natural, then."

"The Lei Di scepter is sealed with three powerhouses of the Youhuan family, and the three four-star fighting immortal powerhouses are enough to find out some information about the huge organization of the evil tribe outside the territory, and the rest of the interrogation work will be handed over to you. Seeing this, Duo Tianhong smiled slightly, and without any thought, Lei Di scepter was thrown directly at the figure.

"Big brother still trusts me so much." Duan Tianyan naturally did not shirk, he stretched out his hand slightly, and immediately took the Lei Di scepter into his hands.

"What a splendid energy... It is indeed the famous fairy weapon of Emperor Lei Hong." The Lei Emperor scepter had just poured into the sky-forging flame method, and suddenly bursts of buzzing sounds sounded, as if trying to break free.

"Xiao Yan, protect Fei'er for a while, and take her out of here first." Just when Xiao Yan had doubts in his heart, Duan Tianhong's hidden soul voice transmission came into Xiao Yan's mind.

"It seems that this guy is trying to take risks..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he heard the words. It was obvious that Duo Tianhong's dark disease, the source of sealing the king of the Burning Soul Clan, had been expelled by Xiao Yan, but this matter , From the beginning to the end, only three people know about it.

"When you're ready, get out of here."

"The ratio of Dongzhou should also be completely over." Looking at the few people now, Duo Tianhong coughed slightly, a sense of weakness emerged, and then spoke.

"Hey, wait a minute, brother UU reading www.uukanshu.com."

"There is one more thing that needs help from big brother." Just when the few people were about to leave the Lei Tomb, the fiery red grudge on Tianyan's body suddenly roared, and a majestic aura that was destructive and rotten filled the entire space.

The strength of this Tianyan has actually reached the level of a half-step five-star fighting immortal!

"What's the matter?" Duan Tianhong asked in doubt as he forcibly supported the injury in his body.

"Let's take advantage of your life... or declare war on the power behind us to declare war on the Lord of Li Soul." A strange voice slowly filled the entire Thunder Realm, and the flame fighting qi on Du Tianyan's body suddenly transformed unexpectedly. For a cloud of black mist, this space is shrouded!

"not good!"

"It's hit!"

"Xiao Yan, Mayfair, run!" At this critical moment, Duan Tianhong snorted coldly.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: