Chapter Vol 2 791: assist

"Haha, since your kid has such a powerful strength, then you are naturally qualified to speak to me."

"And I'm not afraid to tell you."

"I am the hated boss among the three bosses guarding Moonlight Island." The hated boss said proudly.

"..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying couldn't help but their heads were full of black lines. The two of them had obviously already guessed the news.

"The medicinal materials in the Purple Bamboo Forest should be the medicinal materials for refining the Shape Transformation Pill. There are so many medicinal materials, I am afraid that it is enough to make dozens of them." Xiao Yan immediately spoke out when he saw what the hated old monster was thinking.

"As expected of a pharmacist."

"Originally, I thought you were not simple, but because it is too mysterious, I only took action to capture your companion, mainly because I wanted to refine the shape-changing pill." The old hater saw that Xiao Yan was so smart, and he didn't show up. What to say, speak directly.

"According to my perception, you are not a monster, senior, and refining the Shape Transformation Pill is useless." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Of course, although the three monsters guarding Moonlight Island are called hatred, hatred, hatred and vicious, this is just a title. In fact, we are also decent human beings," said the hated old monster.

Although he has an indecent appearance now, he is a real human being.

"Since the senior is a human, why did you stay on Moonlight Island?" Xiao Yan had many questions, so he could only ask.

"These problems, if you solve my troubles, I will naturally tell you, otherwise if you can't solve them well, not to mention your companions, even you, will die." Facing Xiao Yan's question, Hate the old monster is not stupid, just snorted.

"I don't know what is the big worry senior has." Xiao Yan was equally shocked when he heard this.

Although this hated old monster has a slightly better attitude towards him now, his strength is comparable to that of the human eight-star fighting emperor in the early days, so unless he is forced to, he should not break out into conflict.

"It's very simple, you can refine the shape-changing pill for me, and I will handle other things naturally." He hated the old monster and was afraid that Xiao Yan would know his secret, so he immediately opened his mouth.

"Haha, what senior said is wrong."

"It's really the so-called parents' hearts of doctors. Although we pharmacists are not as good as doctors, refining medicinal pills is also a medical skill, so we have to prescribe the right medicine, otherwise how can we cure the disease." Xiao Yan is also an old fox, how can we not Knowing the meaning of hating the old monster, he continued.

"Right."

"Then I'll tell you." The old hater heard it, and he was right. After all, the person in front of him was a second-grade emperor-rank alchemist. Even if he told him the secret himself, if he couldn't solve it, he would just as usual. Just kill it.

"Do you know who this ruin belongs to?" The old hater gave a deep voice, and then opened his mouth.

"The Fairy Moon?" Xiao Yan blurted out.

"Yes, this relic belongs to Fairy Moon Moon, but do you know what is in this relic?" The old hater said.

"It is said that there are some heavenly and earthly treasures in the ruins. With the elixir, there seems to be a fighting spirit." Xiao Yan nodded thoughtfully.

"Hehe, Dou Soul, there is indeed something, but don't say that thing is you, even I dare not move." Old Hate slowly shook his head.

"What?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this!

The relic of the Fairy Moon is forbidding the entry of the seven-star Dou Emperor complete powerhouse, otherwise it will be extremely powerful, but the hated old monster in front of him is the strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor in the early stage, and if this kind of strength is powerless against Dou Soul , I'm afraid they don't even need to think about it.

"Okay, don't say those things."

"My current strength has reached the middle stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, but due to the suppression of the ruins, my strength is only in the initial stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, and when I entered the ruins, I was trapped here. Thousands of years have passed and I have been reduced to a Guardian here."

"But even so, I still want to go out."

"And because of the particularity of my cultivation, I entered the ruins just to get a magical beast."

"This monster has been kept in captivity by me now, but as the monster's strength became more and more tyrannical, I couldn't control him, and then there was the Purple Bamboo Forest that you saw."

"The role of the Zizhu Forest is to suppress the magical beast I need, and on the other hand, it is also to refine the shape-changing pill, so that it can be consumed by the beasts. When taking the shape-changing pill is weak, I can also complete it. take it out."

"Simply let me wait until the ruins are opened this time, and I was fortunate enough to meet an alchemist." The old hater said a lot in one breath.

"What exactly is cultivation, you actually need monsters..."

"However, being able to keep a beast in captivity is really scary enough to hate the old monster." Xiao Yan whispered.

"How?"

"Are you confident?"

"If there is, I will take you to see the monster. After the event is completed, I will have a way for you to get in touch with the fighting spirit. As for whether you can conquer the fighting spirit in the end, it is unknown." Hate the old monster threw a piece An extremely attractive bargaining chip faced Xiao Yan.

"Why would this guy leave the fighting spirit and go find a demon beast?"

"I'm afraid fighting the soul is the most difficult."

"Because of the particularity of cultivation techniques?"

"Let's lie to the ghost." Although Xiao Yan smiled, he thought very quickly in his heart. Obviously, Xiao Yan was able to get to this point by relying on his extraordinary temperament.

"I don't know what kind of magical beast..." Xiao Yan asked slightly in surprise.

"It's not a powerful monster either."

"It's the emperor leopard at the peak of the eighth-rank emperor rank!" The hated old monster looked at Xiao Yan and opened his mouth slightly, his voice full of calmness.

"What's the matter?"

"Imperial leopard at the peak of the eighth-rank emperor rank?" But the next moment, Xiao Yan's mouth couldn't close in surprise!

"I'll be darling!"

"A magical beast at the peak of the eighth-rank emperor rank. This is a powerhouse that is comparable to the perfect human eight-star Dou Emperor. For Xiao Yan, who is now a six-star Dou Emperor, this level of power is tantamount to death."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior looks down on me too much, our strength is weak I'm afraid I can't help you." Xiao Yan refused immediately, then pulled Mu Yingying, who was in a daze, and was about to leave the Purple Bamboo Forest. It was full of fear.

And Mu Yingying was pulled by Xiao Yan like this, and she didn't come back to her senses immediately, because Mu Yingying had never seen the scene that Xiao Yan was afraid of.

It's just that Xiao Yan showed fear on the surface, but his heart was full of joy, and he said slowly in his heart, "Want me to do free labor for you?"

"Don't knock you hard!"

"Humm!"

"Boy, wait a minute, I didn't ask you to fight the Emperor Leopard, what are you afraid of as a man?" The old hater was a little depressed, how could Xiao Yan be so timid.

"Senior, we can't help you with this task. The eight-star Dou Di Perfection-level monsters, I'm afraid we have not gotten close..."

"So you'd better look for another wise man." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, Zaidu was about to leave.

"Okay, okay, I still don't understand these little tricks of your pharmacists?"

"As long as you can help me suppress the Emperor Leopard for a minute, I will tell you everything I know about the ruins."

"And it includes the fact that you have already reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, but there is no power of birth in your body." said the hateful old monster.

After the hater said so, he was so stunned for a moment, then turned around and smiled brightly at the hater: "Deal."

Ask for tickets!

There is one more later