Chapter 646: The disappearing magic core

Xiao Yan walked over slowly and came to Xunmin Linghu's side.

As the distance got closer, Xiao Yan realized that this swift and agile fox's fur was extremely soft, as if it had some other magic power.

"Go to hell, human beings!" Just when Xiao Yan was three meters away from the swift and sensitive fox, the swift and sensitive fox whose breath was dying suddenly burst out, and then an extremely dazzling power burst out instantly, attacking Xiao directly. inflammation!

"Humph!" As the white smoke of the agile fox disappeared, Xiao Yan's fighting spirit was recovering, and he was naturally not afraid of the attack of the agile fox. It is not attacking itself.

"It's over." The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler in Xiao Yan's hand slashed down at the swift and sensitive fox. The next moment, the swift and sensitive fox was completely lost!

But even if he died, the swift and sensitive fox still couldn't figure out why this human being had such a powerful power!

It's just that this swift and agile fox doesn't know that Xiao Yan now not only has some soul power to defend himself, but also that holy flame is slowly changing Xiao Yan's body, so even if it is as powerful as a swift and agile fox, it can't do anything to Xiao Yan. any harm.

"Really a careful boy." Xinyan smiled slowly, and then said.

Naturally, Xiao Yan had discovered the conspiracy of this swift and agile fox long ago by virtue of his soul power.

"Where's the magic core?" Xiao Yan saw that the swift and sensitive fox had completely fallen, and immediately approached slowly, and found that there was not a trace of blood flowing from the body of the swift and sensitive fox, or even the existence of the magic core. !

"No, this swift and sensitive fox was bleeding just now, why isn't there any trace of blood now?"

"And there is no magic core?" Xiao Yan suddenly said in surprise.

This situation is obviously unreasonable!

As far as I know, although this is a special space, the deceased beasts transformed by those fallen powerhouses do possess demon cores. How could they appear like this?

"Don't worry, look at the center of that swift and agile fox's mind." Xinyan said slightly.

"Empty?" Xiao Yan gently opened it with the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler, only to find that the center of the mind of this swift and agile fox that originally stored the magic core was empty!

"What's the situation..." Seeing this, Xinyan immediately pondered slightly. Obviously, even Xinyan was not very clear about this situation.

"Why do I feel that this magic core has been taken away..." Xiao Yan's eyes slowly stared at the emptiness of the center of the swift and sensitive fox's mind, and he immediately felt it.

"It was taken away?" Xinyan heard this and immediately admired Xiao Yan's bold guess.

"I found out from the beginning that although this swift and agile fox is quite powerful, I always feel that something is missing. Now it should be confirmed that it is the lack of a magic core." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Although I don't know why, my intuition tells me that the magic core that disappeared inexplicably is probably related to the Luoling Mountain." Xiao Yan slowly stared at the three huge mountain ranges above the flat ground of Luoling Mountain.

"First, let's look for a few dead beasts here. If it is still like this quick and agile fox, I am afraid it is the same as what I guessed." Xiao Yan said to himself. After speaking, there was a bright flame on the tip of his finger. Emerged, and then walked away towards the body of the swift and sensitive fox in front of him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Since this swift and agile fox has no blood essence and magic core, there is no need to leave it behind.

"But I have forgotten a question. If this swift and agile fox does not have blood, is the blood during the battle just a trick..." Xiao Yan said slowly, and then put on his back the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire. Go not far away.

Another place, where Mu Yingying and the others were.

"Someone's here." Mu Yingying kept her eyes closed and rested, but she was the first to speak.

"What's so amazing..." Ling Xuan, who was beside her, curled her lips slightly when she heard the words.

"Be careful, this team is a bit strong." Mu Yingying's voice contained a hint of heaviness, obviously this team made her feel a hint of danger.

"Oh, it's really bad luck."

"I don't know how the team competition this time came to this Luoling Mountain."

"The three kings in Luoling Mountain are not easy to mess with, and the mission this time is actually to fight the Five Elements Beasts."

"These five-element beasts are not so easy to deal with."

"Unless you have the attributes of the Five Elements, if you deal with them alone, these Five Elements beasts are known to be invincible. I really don't know why the Palace Master sent us here." It was a man dressed in blue who spoke.

The man was relaxed, and cursed in his mouth.

"Okay, Shaoyang, don't complain. Now we have got two wooden cards. If we get one, we have the qualification to enter."

"When the time comes, let's see which other two teams will be." The popular leader of the team said proudly.

"Captain, you are still smart." The man known as Shaoyang smiled slightly when he heard this, and then walked through the grass where Mu Yingying was hiding.

"Cough, cough..." Ah Bu just walked into the bushes where Mu Yingying and the others were hiding, coughed suddenly, and then winked at their captain, not knowing what he was doing.

"Let's go, let's find a place first, and let the other teams fight and come out." After the captain finished speaking, his speed skyrocketed and he disappeared here.

Shaoyang glanced at the captain, and then at the strange grass beside him, a hint of doubt flickered in his eyes, but he didn't stop and left here.

"I'm afraid there is something wrong with these people." Although Mu Yingying saw a few people leave, she was not relieved.

Because the one who led the team just now was even more terrifying than Xiao Yan!

If it is more terrifying than Xiao Yan, then Xiao Yan is already in the late stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor I am afraid that this captain's strength has already reached the Six Star Dou Emperor Consummation!

"No, I think our whereabouts have been exposed, so let's get out of here first." Mu Yingying got up slightly and said to a few people around her.

"What about Xiao Yan?"

"If we leave like this, I'm afraid Xiao Yan won't be able to find us." Mu Feng said slightly.

"It's alright, I'll leave him some news. When he sees us, he'll naturally know." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, a tiny azure flame flowed out from the tip of her hand and then hid in a dark place.

"Let's go!" After doing all this, Mu Yingying didn't hesitate, and immediately set off to move.

"What are you running, what a weird woman." Ling Xuan said with a slight dissatisfaction, but she still followed.

"Hey, aren't these guys the ones who formed the team between the Human Temple and our Earth Temple?" A group of people who had just disappeared appeared, and then Shaoyang smiled slowly.

"Four people, the average strength is two in the late five-star Dou Emperor, one in the early stage of the Six-star Dou Emperor, and Lingxuan in the middle of the Six-Star Dou Emperor." One of the people in the team who was in charge of the investigation spoke slowly.

"Forget it, I don't think the wooden sign is on them. Let them dance around for a while. Since that woman has left a message for Xiao Yan, let's wait for him here."

"I would like to see who is the one who killed the twin ghost emperors." After the leader of the team finished speaking, he smiled slowly, but his smile contained extremely arrogant arrogance!

Ask for tickets!