Chapter Vol 4 1421: Weird fog!

"Master knows this power?" Xiao Yan couldn't help whispering when he heard this. After all, the Master of Soul Eater is different from other powerhouses. When he was young, he walked among the seven realms and went to countless places, so he knew this. This kind of power is also reasonable.

"It's some friendship."

"When I was young, I was lucky enough to go to Yinhun Tianbei Continent. At that time, I also had a power called Yuanzong, but that Yuanzong was quite strange. They mainly practiced not fighting qi, but formation. force."

"At that time, Yuanzong was led by an extremely tyrannical fighting formation master, so their sect's position on Beizhou was no different from the position of Forge Sword Thunder Valley on Dongzhou. That's all." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Formation... Battle formation?" After Xiao Yan heard Soul Eater's explanation, his heart suddenly warmed up. Obviously, he is also a battle formation master, but he has been cultivating randomly. If someone taught him the real system, I am afraid that my achievements in the formation will be even better!

And being able to make the Lord of Soul Eater call it a tyrannical battle formation master, I am afraid that its real strength should not be underestimated!

"No wonder that little girl has an energy that even I can't see... I'm afraid that is the special energy of the formation."

"The core inscription of energy and strength." Xiao Yan said with a bit of heat in his heart. Only in this way can he explain the strange strength in her body.

"Hey, it's none of my business. Since they don't say anything, then I naturally have to abide by the rules here. If you want to know about you, it's up to you." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, Soul Eater The Lord grinned and went down quietly. Obviously, the Soul Eater Lord knew a lot, but he would not tell Xiao Yan easily.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but rolled his eyes and said helplessly to the Soul Eater.

"It seems that the comparison of the four continents has become more interesting this time." Xiao Yan laughed while heating the fire.

Now Xiao Yan's body, the existence of Dou Qi Dou Core and Dou Soul, coupled with many Dou Skills such as Soul Energy, it is difficult to find an opponent at the same level, and even after using all the means, it is not impossible to fight beyond the ranks.

But even so, at this time, Xiao Yan's energy, that is, the cultivation of Dou Formation Master, was slow.

Don't look at Xiao Yan's ability to use 33,000 core inscriptions to condense formations, but only Xiao Yan himself is clear that such a grand core inscription in his hands is not completely volatilized, and seems to have lost most of his energy. Would like to study further against the Master.

The power of the formations displayed by Dou Formation Masters can have unexpected effects in solo or team battles. What Dou Formation Masters are famous for in the world is that it has the ability to fight against one hundred, one thousand, and ten thousand. power!

A tyrannical battle formation division is a slaughtering machine that can easily slaughter millions of troops, making people fearful.

"It seems that the comatose woman and this Yuan Yan have a high status in the Yuan Sect. Tomorrow night, we will see if we can knock them out when we get rid of the poison." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing.

The night was silent, and the next day, when the sun was scattered, the early morning also began.

"Crash!" Yuan Xiao and Duan Tianhong, as the leaders of the two powerful forces, although they couldn't take action, they were always paying attention to the crisis around them, in order to protect everyone's safety.

"Brother Du, what's going on?" Behind a tree, Duo Tianhong's body was standing on the branches of the tree. At this moment, he was looking into the distance, but his face was gloomy.

"Look there... it's foggy..." Duan Tianhong pointed at the center of the forest, a thousand meters away, and said slowly.

"It's foggy?" Seeing this, Yuan Xiao also followed Du Tianhong's direction.

"This fog is a bit strange, not like ordinary fog."

"Why don't we rest here for a day before setting off?" Duo Tianhong asked. Because the fog was filled with a dangerous smell, this smell was not worth mentioning to me, but it was not worth mentioning to the competitors below. But it is like the power of destruction.

"That's very good." Yuan Xiao nodded happily after hearing Duan Tianhong's vigilance, because the fog also gave him a sense of crisis.

Yuan Xiao could sense that although Du Tianhong's strength was similar to his own, there was an extremely terrifying energy permeating from his body, which shocked Yuan Xiao.

"Right, Brother Yuan."

"Looking at your traces, it is impressive that you entered the Tianming Mountains ahead of us. According to the speculation of time, I am afraid that you have entered the middle of the mountains. How can you come back to the outer periphery..." Duan Tianhong asked tentatively.

"It's true."

"My disciple fell into a coma after accidentally ingesting poisonous weeds in the mountain range, and the dangers in the mountain range, so I went back and forth to the periphery. In order to heal the poisoned disciple, I happened to meet Brother Du, so I went with Brother Du and you. , it can be regarded as mutual care." Yuan Xiao said sincerely.

"Is that so..." Duan Tianhong said with a slow smile when he heard the words.

"Since it's all right, then I'll go to the camp to take care of those little guys... If the fog dissipates, I'll see Brother Forging's ward." Yuan Xiao said with his fists folded, and left here after he finished speaking.

"This mist seems to be emitted by some kind of soul beast..."

"And this Yuan sect, it seems to be the sect of the overlord of Beizhou, but now it looks like this, is it in decline, or the sect of the same name..."

"Furthermore, the excuse of poisoning by mistakenly eating poisonous weeds is too absurd. It seems that they are in danger..."

"Xiao Yan, what I can do as the leader is to make you avoid detours, but as for whether you can break the game, I'm afraid it depends on you." As soon as he finished speaking, Du Tianhong also slowly dissipated.

"A day off?" Duan Tianhong had just conveyed these words in the camp, so he went back to the tent to cultivate himself, and no one came to disturb him. At this time, Xiao Yan said.

"Dad said that there seems to be some strange fog emerging, which not only blocks our vision and perception, but is also quite dangerous, so that's why." Duo Qifei laughed.

"It's really not easy to enter Tianming Villa..." Liu Qing's beautiful eyes shone slightly and said dissatisfiedly.

"There are not a few strong players in the four continents competition this time, and the owner of the valley can only cover our safety, and can't take action until necessary, so this time, we have to rely on us." Yun Qi said softly.

"Forget it... let's all go back to rest."

"If there is any ~ I am informing everyone." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"En." Everyone heard the words and went back to their tents to recuperate.

"It's really a weird fog..." Xiao Yan got up and left the tent and looked around, but he created a white mist that easily covered most of the mountain range, even the white mist. A strong sense of oppression made Xiao Yan quite uncomfortable.

"Be vigilant, this fog is probably from some kind of soul beast." The Lord of Soul Eater instructed.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, but he was not in a hurry.

Since I can't leave today, I might be able to get some benefits when I look at the poisoned woman in Yuanzong at night.

. Mobile version update fastest URL:

The latest chapter, Chapter 1421, Strange Mist II! URL: https://