Chapter Vol 2 777: Tianjiao gathers!

"The smallest island among the three islands?" Xiao Yan asked in slight surprise.

"That's right, but I'll tell you for the sake of your medicinal pill's usefulness."

"The fire of life and death is not something you can touch. That thing is too destructive." Song Yue also reminded.

"Yep."

"Let's go." Xiao Yan agreed softly. As for what Song Yue said just now, Xiao Yan naturally believed it. After all, Xiao Yan had been monitoring Song Yue with his soul power. If Song Yue said something, then his soul power would definitely fluctuate. Xiao noticed.

"Let's go!" Seeing that their goal was now achieved, Xiu Qi and his party did not hesitate, and went directly to the ruins.

"Let's go too." Seeing that the group of people had retreated, Song Yue immediately supported Hong Qian and said.

"Strange, how can I feel a familiar aura from that woman?" Hong Qian stared at the place where Xiu Qi disappeared, and spoke slowly.

The strongest of their respective sects must know each other, so they feel it.

"Forget it, Qian'er, let's go first."

"The ruins will also be opened." Song Yue said, and then the two of them were heading towards the ruins.

With the end of this episode, at this time around the ruins, there is already a sea of ​​people. Among the crowd, there are many disciples from the nine super sects, and there are some other unknown sect disciples, trying to With the great fortune in this ruins, it soars into the sky!

On the periphery of the ruins, there are mountains and mountains, and the entrance of the ruins seems to be somewhere in the mountains.

"Haven't the people from Wanjianmen arrived yet?" A man said in a deep voice outside the ruins.

This man is the Hua Lexin of the puppet mansion.

Hua Lexin's situation at this time is extremely bad.

This ruin is different from the previous ruins. Although the former ruins had seals, they only sealed the entrance, but this time, the seal color of the ruins spread hundreds of kilometers around the ruins!

At this time, these crowds of people are in the center of the deep ruins, so the seal's rejection of them is quite huge.

But one thing is fortunate that there will be no eight-star Dou Emperor in the ruins this time, and even the perfect seven-star Dou Emperor will be suppressed, so the respective sects did not send strong sects, but only sent sects. disciple.

"Hua Lexin, what are you anxious about?"

"Others, as the heads of the nine super sects, naturally have their arrogance. Isn't it a loner like you." Just when Hua Lexin was struggling because of the seal of the ruins, a man next to him questioned dissatisfiedly.

This man was covered in expensive clothes, and mortals knew at a glance that they would definitely not come from ordinary people.

"Qi Haoqing?" Hua Lexin heard the words, and immediately cast his eyes on the man, but exclaimed.

Hua Lexin was also a little afraid of Qi Haoqing. After all, behind the latter is the Xuanling Royal Family, and this guy is no weaker than himself.

"You guy actually broke through to the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor." The next moment, Qi Haoqing broke through and discovered something incredible.

"Each each other." Hua Lexin heard the words, but did not have the same knowledge as Qi Haoqing. After all, when the two of them were still five-star fighting emperors, they had a fight, and it ended in a tie between the two, so meeting now is naturally the so-called enemy meeting. Extraordinarily red.

"Stop making trouble." Just when Qi Haoqing was about to speak, Qi Haoran spoke slightly.

"What's the matter? Let's wait until the ruins are opened." Qi Haoran glanced at his younger brother and said.

"Okay!"

"After entering the ruins, I definitely want you to live rather than die!" After Qi Haoqing finished speaking, she immediately became quiet.

When several people heard the words, they immediately became quiet.

"The people from the Ancient Desolate Palace are here." I don't know who said a word, and then everyone saw two extremely strong and solid figures walking slowly, and it seemed that every step they took was shaking the mountain.

"Let's go, the entrance to the ruins this time, I'm afraid it will take the strength of our nine super sects to open." In another place, Feng Hong from the Ancient Desolate Hall brought Du Chun to the ruins.

"Xiao Yan, I don't know how you are."

"Since I joined the sect, I have doubled down on my training, and you have always been the target I wanted to defeat..." Behind Feng Hong, was Du Chun, who was extremely muscular.

At this time, Du Chun is undoubtedly much stronger than before, and this aura has reached the level of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor!

"Dan Gu's figure is here too?"

"It's actually Meng Fei!"

"This guy is young and his strength has reached the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Emperor, and even the refining technology has reached the level of the second-rank emperor..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This talent is too terrifying..." In the crowd, some people kept talking in low voices.

"Brother Fei, is this a relic?"

"It's really a big battle." Behind Meng Fei, a young medicine collector with a medicine box on his back said slowly.

"Yes."

"Haven't you seen it?" The figure called Fei Ge responded, but the pride in his eyebrows could not be concealed at all.

"People from the Poison Sect?"

"What a beautiful person." But the next moment, Meng Fei suddenly saw two young girls in the crowd, and his eyes lit up immediately.

The two women were dressed in blue clothes, and their waists were perfectly bound by a bunch of blue waistbands, which outlined their full bodies.

"Senior sister, we're here." The Lin Zhu woman said slowly.

"Take care of your eyes." But the next moment, the woman beside Lin Zhu exuded a monstrous murderous intent towards Meng Fei!

"So strong!"

"The strength of this woman is probably comparable to that of a mid-stage Seven Star Dou Di..."

"As expected from the Poison Sect some sharp-eyed people present said immediately.

"Eldest sister of the Poison Sect?" Meng Fei said thoughtfully.

But the next moment, an extremely tyrannical aura appeared, followed by a familiar voice.

"Miss Wudu, how are you doing?" A familiar voice sounded slowly.

"Song Yue?" The woman next to Lin Zhu was slightly surprised. The voice was so familiar, how could she not recognize it.

"I haven't seen it for a long time. I can't think that the strength of the five-poison girl has broken through to the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di. It seems that the biggest winner of this ruin is probably the five-poison girl." As the voice fell, Song Yuexiang appeared with Hong Qian in his arms. in the sight of the crowd.

"That's Song Yue, the eldest disciple of Wanjianmen?"

"good!"

"Don't think that he only has the strength in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but with his sword intent, I am afraid that the real powerhouse in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor can deal with it." Some figures kept saying.

"Each each other." Five Poisons agreed softly, and then took Lin Zhu to the direction of the ruins.

"Now, among the super sects, only the people from Wanhua Pavilion and Fenxiang Pavilion have not come." Meng Fei looked around and found that among the nine super sects, the Purgatory Hall did not participate due to its particularity, and Solomon Guni was alone. , Dan Gu himself, Feng Hong and Du Chun in the Ancient Desolate Palace, Lin Zhu and Wu Du in the Poison Sect, Song Yue and Hong Qian in Wan Jian Sect, Gu Bing Shui, the Second Brother Qi of the Xuanling Royal Family, Hua Le in the Puppet House Heart.