Chapter Vol 4 1413: Space battle, Xizhou Xiyun Pavilion!

"Boom!" In a certain void, there is no sky, only the dark space and the power of the brutal space are filled. At the same time, in the space, a huge silver ship is advancing steadily. .

The whole body of the ship is silver, as if it was completely wrapped by silver thunder, so other forces in some space passages are easily avoided.

This spaceship is impressively where the powerhouses of Dongzhou are located.

"Why are you sitting here alone?" In an instant, on the deck of the ship, a figure quietly watched the endless space outside the ship through the silver shield, so a silver bell-like female voice rang softly not far behind her. .

"Qi Fei..." After being called out like this, Xiao Yan paused for a while before turning his attention back and smiling at Qian Ying who was approaching.

The figure sitting on the deck was Xiao Yan, and the woman walking towards him was naturally Du Qifei.

"What are you doing here?"

"Others are taking advantage of the time they are on the spaceship to practice hard...don't be lazy." Duan Qifei also came to Xiao Yan, smiled sweetly, and finally sat on the ground in front of Xiao Yan.

"It's not a fool to cultivate in total... Occasionally, you have to relax a little." Xiao Yan scratched his head and said.

In fact, Xiao Yan originally planned to retreat in his own house, but in the past two months of retreat, all Xiao Yan's things were cleaned up, so now Xiao Yan can't calm down and retreat, so he left the house alone and came to the deck. , I don't know what I'm thinking about.

"Where's the Valley Master?" The next moment, Xiao Yan asked.

"Father and several accompanying ancestors keep the ship's energy in the ship. After all, this kind of long-distance space travel, there is no other energy support, just rely on the energy of the space ship itself, can not reach the target." Duo Qifei smiled. road.

"Originally..." Xiao Yan said with a smile, and in that instant, the two of them were also chatting in a low voice on the deck.

At the same time, in this space passage, a hundred miles away from the Dongzhou space ship, a relatively small space ship also suddenly emerged.

"Master Mu Xi... Create a space ship ahead." At this time, several figures stood on the deck of the space ship, and one of the men on guard said.

"What kind of power?" The young man on the deck heard the words, slowly surprised, and asked.

"If it's unsurprising, I'm afraid it's above the East Continent..." The man continued to speak.

"Dongzhou?" When the young man Mu Xi heard the words, he smiled slowly, and some bad motives emerged.

"Master, what are you doing?" The man couldn't help but ask as he watched the guy in front of him with hot eyes, and he vaguely guessed something in his heart.

"Open the shield, and I will meet them when I go out." After a while, Mu Xi burst out with a brutal fighting spirit and smiled.

"Master, it's absolutely impossible..."

"At this time, the powerhouses of the four continents are all heading towards the test site, and there is no chance of another incident."

"And Dongzhou's space ship is much bigger than ours. I am afraid they are led by strong people, and we are only the only one who has the power to go..."

"The combat power is not at the same level." The middle-aged man couldn't help but said with fear and trepidation when he heard the words.

As the helmsman of the space ship, he can naturally distinguish the tyranny of power according to the size of the space ship!

Although they are powerful and famous on the Western Continent, but they only go to the four continents to compete, so the space ship is only a few tens of feet in size, but the space ship in the East Continent below is a hundred feet in size, which is enough to explain the implications The number of strong people in the world is absolutely not something they can resist.

"Stop talking!"

"Father, they are maintaining the energy of the spaceship, don't bother them..."

"Don't worry, I'm measured!" Mu Xi said with a smile, his eyebrows filled with arrogance.

"Master, it's better to report to the pavilion master. If we cause trouble, I'm afraid we can't afford it." The middle-aged man said in fear.

"All incidents, remember it on my head!"

"Open the door!" In an instant, Mu Xi snorted coldly.

"hateful……"

"Open the door!" The middle-aged man said with gritted teeth while watching the death of the guy in front of him.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, a gap appeared in the shield of the space ship, and Mu Xi immediately left the gap and headed towards the Dongzhou space ship.

The space channel is extremely dangerous, but the powerhouse Fighting Immortal can naturally fly in space for a short time, but if it is a long flight, let alone whether the fighting spirit can support it, it is just the extremely strange space power in the space channel. Or the turbulent flow of space is enough to make the Immortal Fighters fearful.

"Boom!" An ear-piercing sound of breaking wind suddenly sounded dozens of miles away from the Dongzhou space ship.

"What?" Xiao Yan and Duo Qifei were still sitting quietly on the deck discussing matters. Suddenly Xiao Yan's brows twitched. Through the energy of his soul, there seemed to be a strange feeling outside the space ship at this time. A weak smell is approaching.

"What's the matter?" Duan Qifei was also skeptical when Xiao Yan's sudden stern smell was frightened.

"There is a smell approaching us." Xiao Yan's eyesight passed through the silver shield, looking towards the distant void, and said solemnly.

This smell is extremely tyrannical, and it is not inferior to madrigals, even more tyrannical than madrigals.

"The power of space?"

"Could it be spatial turbulence!" In an instant, Duo Qifei also created something wrong and hurriedly said.

"wrong……"

"There are enemies!" After a while, Xiao Yan said abruptly.

"Boom!" In an instant, a silent and colorless space energy suddenly hit the light shield of their space ship!

"What should I do now?" Du Qifei asked.

"Gu Master can't be distracted when he controls the spaceship, and there is still a lot of space between the control center here. I will stop him, and you will inform the Valley Master..." Xiao Yan analyzed.

"Be vigilant!" Duo Qifei nodded slightly, before the words were finished, Xiao Yan's figure immediately disappeared on the deck and swept out of the space ship.

"Oh... the powerhouse above East Continent?" In the space passage, Mu Xi saw Xiao Yan's body and immediately laughed.

"Who are you?"

"Why did you attack the space ship we were riding on without authorization..." Xiao Yan didn't act rashly and snorted coldly, noticing the brutal space power on the man in front of him.

"Empty phoenix bird!" Mu Xisi did not give Xiao Yan any sympathy, and suddenly, a huge phoenix shadow composed of the power of brutal space suddenly appeared in the void.

"Weng buzzing!" The phantom phoenix shadow just appeared, and suddenly there was an extremely tyrannical oppression in the space around him, making Xiao Yan like a formidable enemy!

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" Looking at the man's fierce attack Xiao Yan at the same time, the Heavenly Seed flames suddenly emerged in his body, instantly wrapping all the void, a fiery red sea of ​​flames, exuding majesty smell.

"Mu Yunfei... If your son thinks he has a long life, this king doesn't mind taking him..."

"Anyway, it's not the first time I've killed you people in Xiyun Pavilion." And just when the two were evenly matched, not far behind Xiao Yan, a shocking thunder sound suddenly sounded!

At the moment when this voice sounded, the energy in Xiao Yan's body couldn't help but solidify.

"Hehe, Duan Tianhong... don't want the villain to be successful."

"The last hatred, this time we will completely get it back!" At the same time, a loud voice resounded from behind the young man, but his aura was not as strong as Du Tianhong.

. The fastest update website for the mobile version: The latest chapter of the novel Fight Breaks the Sky God of Yan Emperor Chapter 1413 The Battle of the Four Spaces, Xiyun Pavilion in Xizhou! URL: https://