Chapter Vol 2 729: The Treasure of the Hall of People

"Get ready!" Zhu Yuan first adjusted the aura in his body, waited until he returned to his peak state, and then said to everyone around him.

After all, the mysterious restriction in front of him is extremely powerful. If it wasn't for his peak state, Zhu Yuan would not have the confidence in himself.

"Yes." Everyone agreed in unison in their hearts, and then there was a dignified look in their pupils.

They all know that it is this prohibition that stands in front of them. As long as this prohibition is broken, the location of the treasure of the town hall among the three halls will appear at that time. Whether or not the treasure of the town hall can be obtained at that time depends on their own Good luck, but before that, you must pass the level in front of you, otherwise everything is nonsense.

"Go!" There was a flash of determination in Zhu Yuan's eyes, and then the dazzling energy of life burst out, and a frightening force came out.

With the appearance of this power, Xiao Yan's mouth was slightly surprised: "This guy..."

"It's actually an eighth-grade life force..."

The power of life at the eighth-rank level is extremely fearful, even some sect elders may not possess it.

"Boom boom boom!" Zhu Yuan's dazzling power of life directly hit the mysterious restriction, and the mysterious restriction immediately swallowed up Zhu Yuan's power as if it could devour endless vitality!

Zhu Yuan's power and the mysterious restriction continued to stalemate, but the six people present knew that Zhu Yuan's power was slowly weakening.

"Give me strength!" At the same time, Zhu Yuan shouted loudly!

He could feel that his power was slowly being eroded by this mysterious restriction, but this mysterious restriction also became weak under his attack.

"go!"

"go!"

"Go!" Zhu Yuan took the lead, and the other six did not dare to be distracted. They were always paying attention to Zhu Yuan. If something went wrong, they would immediately take action. After all, the seven of them were all grasshoppers on a rope.

"Boom boom boom!" Zhu Yuan's voice just fell, and immediately beside him, six groups of extremely dazzling vitality of life suddenly rushed towards Zhu Yuan's body!

"Shabu Shabu!" Seeing this, Zhu Yuan didn't hesitate, he suddenly opened his mouth and took a breath, directly absorbing this power, and immediately stalemate with this mysterious ban.

"I'm afraid this mysterious restriction comes from the hands of Dou Xian, otherwise it would not be possible to use the power of the seven of us."

"However, I don't know who came up with the idea of ​​the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion. It's so complicated." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly. Obviously, if it wasn't for the guidance of the white light from Mu Xuzi, he might have gotten lost.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Come again!" After several twists and turns, Zhu Yuan found that even if he gathered the power of seven people, he was a little powerless in the face of the mysterious ban, but he did not hesitate.

"Prepare……"

"Enter!" Zhu Yuan is also a trustworthy person. After a while, the mysterious restriction was torn apart, and Zhu Yuan's life force increased instead of decreasing. Obviously, Zhu Yuan could have been the first to enter. Yes, but he didn't.

If Zhu Yuan was the first to enter when the gap was torn apart, I am afraid that the other six would not be able to enter.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan and the others couldn't help but admire Zhu Yuan a little more, then looked at each other, without hesitation, they swept away!

"Boom boom boom!" Everything happened between electric sparks.

When the other six people flickered in, Zhu Yuan also moved and swept in instantly.

At that time, the most outstanding people in the three halls of Heaven, Earth and People will all enter.

As soon as the seven people entered, they were dispersed by a mysterious force. Obviously, this mysterious force was divided according to the three halls of heaven, earth and people they were in.

"This is..." As soon as Xiao Yan entered the innermost part of the Dou Ji Pavilion, he suddenly felt an extremely vicissitudes of life, and the whiteness in front of him made Xiao Yan look like a blind man.

"Go!" In the next instant, Xiao Yan controlled the huge soul force in his body to explode directly, and scattered away in all directions, obviously wanting to investigate.

"Strange thing..." It wasn't long before Xiao Yan discovered that the soul force he had summoned had not returned, as if it had been swallowed up by something.

Xiao Yan felt such a change and was immediately surprised.

"This should be the place where the treasure of our human palace exists, but why is this..." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Try this..." Xiao Yan thought about it, and immediately said.

"Xiao Yan, a disciple of the Human Palace, came to seek the treasures of the Human Palace. I hope all the seniors can help me." Xiao Yan said directly.

And as Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the white mist that enveloped the surroundings all dissipated, as if he understood Xiao Yan's words.

"It's really a polite little baby. It seems that this time a good guy has come." The next moment, an old voice sounded slowly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And at the moment when this voice appeared, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him seemed to emit a very pleasant vibration!

And the appearance of this mysterious place was also taken into the eyes of Xiao Yan.

Here, not only is the deepest part of the Dou Ji Pavilion, but also an extremely huge stone hall!

The whole stone hall is square, and the gray copper stone hall is obviously in danger.

In the stone hall, eight large stone pillars directly support the entire hall. Above the hall is a huge stone wall. I don't know what it does. In the center of the hall, there seems to be something looming. But there are no more and no less, and there are also eight steps!

Eight stone pillars and eight steps Adding this mysterious voice, Xiao Yan seemed to sense that something was wrong.

"Hey, let me in." But when Xiao Yan hesitated, a big hand pushed Xiao Yan in directly. At that time, Xiao Yan's figure poured into the stone hall uncontrollably.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan just noticed the mysterious big hand and was about to make a move, but it was directly pushed into the stone hall by the mysterious big hand, and Xiao Yan found that the power above the mysterious big hand, he was actually unable to resist!

Just stepping into the stone hall, in addition to a very vicissitudes of life, there is also a very ancient taste.

Xiao Yan poured into the stone hall without moving his footsteps. After all, the location of this stone hall was exactly what Mu Xuzi had told him back then, and it was the location where the treasures of their human hall were stored.

Moreover, Xiao Yan's intuition told himself that this stone palace is definitely not simple!

If he moved randomly and accidentally touched the mechanism, it would be worth the loss. Then Xiao Yan turned his eyes slowly and glanced at the stone hall.

The area of ​​this stone hall is not small, I am afraid it is hundreds of meters in size. The arrangement of the eight stone pillars does not seem to be random, and it is in order. In addition to the eight raised steps in the center of the stone hall, Xiao Yan's eyes became serious.

"Boy, who is your master?" Just as Xiao Yan glanced at the stone hall, a contemptuous voice suddenly sounded in the stone hall!

The fifth watch is coming, please recommend and ask for a monthly pass for a reward!