Chapter Vol 2 781: Mysterious ocean!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan and his party suddenly fell, and Xiao Yan muttered a curse!

I don't know why, with the disappearance of the space channel, Xiao Yan and his party fell directly from the sky to the ocean below. If they were allowed to fall from the current height, they would be seriously injured in an instant!

And what makes Xiao Yan the most strange is that they displayed the ability to step in the air immediately, but the flying ability of several of them seems to be banned, and there is no way to use it!

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan's eyes were quick and his hands were quick. The next moment, everyone was about to fall on top of Wang Yang, and they hurriedly said.

Following Xiao Yan's voice like this, the dazzling soul power directly reduced the impact of everyone's falling from a height.

"Ah!" Leng Fuyao exclaimed in surprise just after entering the ocean.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What's wrong?" Qin Xin and Leng Fuyao had a good relationship, so she was the first to ask.

"Sister Qinxin, this water is so cold..." Leng Fuyao shivered, then said trembling all over.

"Go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately urged his body to burn, and a scorching flame enveloped everyone.

Following Xiao Yan's actions, everyone suddenly felt that the flame seemed to isolate them from the temperature of the water, and the flame showed no signs of going out in the water.

"Be careful, the water in this ocean doesn't seem to be that simple." Xiao Yan felt a little and then spoke.

This ocean is very large, and the temperature of the blue water in the ocean is extremely low, so I am afraid it is not a good sign.

"Yes." When everyone heard the words, they immediately agreed.

"How do we go up?" Xiao Yan and his party were in the water at this time, and they looked up at the three islands that were suspended above the crowd like giants, and said.

"What a grand style." Mu Yingying said in a low voice.

Indeed, the area of ​​these three islands is extremely large, and Mu Yingying vaguely felt that there seemed to be something isolated on the periphery of these three islands.

"Let's go, go and have a look first."

"I'm afraid that if you want to board those three islands, you have to start from the bottom of the island." Xiao Yan used his soul power to sense it, and suddenly said.

"Swim over?" Mu Yingying immediately wrinkled her eyes when she heard the words.

There are so many women here, but few people know how to swim.

"Neither would I..." Yueru said helplessly.

"I..." Leng Fuyao also said something.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was immediately covered with black lines.

"You guys, wait for me, I'll go take a look." Seeing these people like this, Xiao Yan could only speak temporarily.

"I'll go with you."

"I sensed it here. There shouldn't be anything dangerous. You guys are just waiting for us here." Xiu Qi said the same.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words and naturally did not refuse.

Xiao Yan is of the fire attribute, but it is said that when fighting, he fights a few at a time, but when he comes to the ocean, his combat effectiveness is greatly reduced, so now that Xiu Qi is accompanied, Xiao Yan is also happy.

"Yep."

"Be careful, there seems to be something under those three islands." But the next moment, Yue Ru's pupils shrank tightly, as if she saw something.

"Mu Feng, I'll leave these guys to you to watch." Xiao Yan said, and immediately swam directly under the three islands with Xiu Qi.

"Why don't you try to fly?" Xiao Yan and Xiu Qi had just left the army, and Xiao Yan said in disbelief.

The space here is really special, Xiao Yan felt a little uncomfortable just entering it, and the space passage that disappeared in an instant also caused everyone to suffer a lot.

"Try it." Xiu Qi stared at Xiao Yan with a smile on her face.

It has to be said that although Xiao Yan’s strength is only a six-star Dou Emperor consummation, and he is still a step away from a seven-star Dou Emperor, Xiu Qi vaguely feels that this guy is definitely not as simple as it seems on the surface!

"Get up!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, the flames wrapped around his body suddenly burst out, and then with the help of that impact, he instantly threw Xiu Qi some distance away!

"Ta Kong!" Seeing that he had left the water, Xiao Yan shouted loudly.

"???" After Xiao Yan's explosive drinking ended, Xiao did not stay in the sky as usual, but submerged directly into the water at the speed of a free fall.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan returned to the surface of the water.

"Give it up, there should be some kind of special power injected into the ocean here. Although I haven't felt anything unusual until now, it seems to have restricted our ability to fly in the air." Xiu Qi looked at Xiao Yan with a funny look.

"Let's go." The next moment, Xiao Yan was no longer insisting, and swam directly to the bottom of the three islands.

Following Xiao Yan and Xiu Qi's departure, Mu Feng appeared to have fallen into silence here.

Qin Xin took a slight step forward and looked at Yueru's expression, but she was hesitant to speak.

"If you have something to say, tell me." Yueru was naturally a smart person, she seemed to see Qinxin's question, and immediately said.

"Are you the so-called inheritor in the ruins..." Qin Xin shook her head slightly, according to her own perception, there is indeed a mysterious power in Yueru, and the power is very similar to that of one of the three islands. resemblance.

"That's right." Faced with this question, Yueru naturally didn't refuse, and said instead.

"I can't see that your relationship with Xiao Yan is still a little better." But the next moment, Qin Xin suddenly changed the subject.

"It's alright." Yue Ru didn't know what Qin Xin meant by asking such a question and immediately agreed slightly.

However, just as Yueru agreed, Mu Yingying, who was calm on the side, turned her attention to Yueru.

"The identities of these two women are extremely terrifying..."

"Yueru has the identity of the inheritor and has a promising future, and Mu Yingying always has a hidden power that makes me feel afraid."

"This Xiao Yan, what kind of virtue and what ability, can make two women care so much about him at the same time."

"It seems that Xiao Yan's details are somewhat mysterious."

"But forget it, as long as you don't have bad intentions and you can be friends with a potential stock, maybe I will need his help to conquer the empire in the future."

"The injury in the body has been stabilized by the effect of Xuanyin Pill. This time, the ruins should be accompanied by them to come and see." Qinxin said in a series of thoughts in her heart.

"Women..." Mu Feng was immediately distressed when he looked at the few people who were facing each other.

Immediately, Mu Feng couldn't help sighing: "Woman, it's really troublesome!"

"Let's just wait quietly for Xiao Yan and the others to come back."

"There are too many variables in this ruin." Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, and then stopped talking.

I don't know why, but Mu Yingying actually has a hostility towards Yueru. This hostility has been possessed since Yueru came to the Burning Fragrance Pavilion to find Xiao Yan.

Maybe even Mu Yingying didn't know when she fell in love with Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!