Chapter Vol 4 2174: It's finally over!

"Now, let me see how you deal with it."

There is some madness in the corner of King Bea's mouth, he is different from any previous strong man.

"Burning decision."

Feeling the dark and evil tide raging everywhere, Xiao Yan sat up in the void, and Fen Jue, which had already been branded in his mind, started to run at a high speed.

"The fire of holy flame, inject it!"

In the past, Xiao Yan always ignored Fen Jue, and his weak strength made it difficult to control Sheng Yan and Fen Jue. Now that he has stepped into the eight stars, it is enough to cultivate Fen Jue, which has been put on hold for a long time.

The level of the exercises does not seem to be important in the great world, but the mighty power of the seven divine arts still exists deep in Xiao Yan's mind, especially when the demon world broke the seal of the demon emperor, the three divine arts were brought to Xiao Yan. The shock of this made Xiao Yan understand that the magic art might be related to the future cycle of reincarnation.

"Wong buzzing!"

It was the first time to run Fen Jue with the strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals. With the injection of Holy Flame, Xiao Yan found that everything was different.

Fen Jue released countless rich auras, like a bottomless black hole vortex, sacred flames emerged, purifying all the evil auras here in an instant, and even the dark tide released by King Bea was also fast. retreat.

"This……"

"Is this the legendary Fen Jue?"

"Hahaha!"

Looking at this scene, King Bea's voice contained unprecedented madness, roaring.

Judging from the power displayed by Xiao Yan, it really belongs to the top cultivation technique in the Great Thousand World, and it is also the supreme cultivation technique practiced by the Holy King and others back then!

"Since you're here, let's stay."

Xiao Yan didn't know why this King Beiya laughed so strangely, but with Fen Jue's power and his current strength, Xiao Yan believed that King Beiya would be killed by himself.

"Domain Lord, all ten ordinary king-level powerhouses were executed and killed, and none of them escaped."

"However, the strength of these guys is not comparable to that of normal kings, and the evil power in their bodies is illusory, as if they were being helped by someone who pulled the seedlings out. It's extremely strange."

Hun Tianhao and the two eight-star fighting immortals spoke together, with great doubts in their voices.

In the past, ordinary king-level powerhouses were like doomsday existences, but now Wang-level has become someone else's full-time thug?

And the strength is also weak, not a little bit...

This kind of gap is inevitable...

"Crack!"

With one palm, an endless halo of holy flames emerged, and bursts of Sanskrit flames lingered around King Bea, purifying the source of evil that was engulfing him, and using the flame of holy flames to perform burning decisions, now Xiao Yan is like a **** In general, the whole person has completely become tall and powerful.

"Dragon save me!"

King Beiya, who had won the ticket, saw that Xiao Yan was actually able to perform Fen Jue to this point, and the confidence and enthusiasm on his face was finally replaced by paleness.

If it weren't for the red lines on his eyebrows exuding evil power, I'm afraid he would have been deprived of all life force!

"Crack!"

"Stop it!"

The void where the demon dragon appeared just now has been destroyed by Xiao Yan, and now the aura of the demon dragon is emerging, trying to save King Beiya, Hun Tianhao and the others rushed directly to it.

"Squeak."

With a bang, at the same time, a black shadow suddenly appeared in front of everyone. The black shadow was like lightning. Before everyone could see this guy clearly, the latter directly protected King Bea.

"Evil... the son of the evil god?"

Looking at the petite figure in front of him, there was endless red energy in his eyes, a trace of elegant red energy, like a power that all gods were afraid of, emerging.

Even the red blood lines on the center of the puppet king's brows shone with a monstrous brilliance, and a round of huge evil soul shadows, like an evil god's mansion, protected the two of them!

"what?"

"Son of the Evil God?"

"not good!"

The two bodies rose out of thin air. With the added shock of the protection of the evil soul shadow, when touching the curtain of the sky at the top of the continent, the petite figure with an unusual expression stretched out his hand and waved at the void, and a dark and **** space channel emerged. come out.

"Pfft."

Both of them submerged into it at the same time and disappeared. Even Xiao Yan and others couldn't touch the fluctuation of that level.

"These two guys..."

At this moment, Xiao Yan always felt an illusion in his heart, it seemed that the identities of these two people were very good, especially the Puppet King!

After the breath, the energy of the heavens and the earth on the entire Dou Qi Continent became squirming, and the ray of light fluttered on everyone's cheeks warmly, making them soberly aware.

The catastrophe is over.

"ended."

Looking at this scene, although I don't know what happened, the whole world became quiet, the broken void was repaired by the many strong men who accompanied Xiao Yan, countless figures knelt down one after another, and a mighty voice sounded:

"Emperor Yan is mighty!"

"God's might still exist!"

"It's over, thank you for your hard work."

Xiao Yan's voice of relief sounded.

"Let's go, go home."

After sending everyone away, Xiao Yan just returned to his normal appearance. He took the three women and the others in one fell swoop and headed towards the rear.

Wutan City, the Hall of the Xiao Clan.

"Little Yanzi..."

"You stinky boy."

The core members of the Xiao family, Xiao Zhan and his two older brothers, Xiao Chen and others, naturally included the third daughter of Cailin.

"Hey-hey."

Seeing this, Xiao Yan had no choice but to scratch his head with a smile. He was very pleased with this warm scene.

"Fortunately, it's not too late to come here, otherwise the Dou Qi Continent would be really dangerous."

Seeing this atmosphere, Mu Yingying gathered up her courage and walked out gently.

"Mother, is this?"

Xiao Xiao's keen insight naturally analyzed something, and immediately pouted beside Cailin.

"I can't blame him for this."

Cailin was also helpless about this. After all, she seldom cares about Xiao Yan's type of things. The conservative thinking of the Snake People is destined for her to not interfere after marrying Xiao Yan.

"Father, this is your third daughter-in-law."

Xiao Yan took Mu Yingying's jade hand and came to Xiao Zhan and Yao Lao.

"What?"

"Three daughters-in-law?"

Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the two brothers next to him couldn't help staggering and almost fell to the ground.

"Okay!"

"Hello, third daughter-in-law."

Yao Lao nodded, his eyes full of relief.

"Dad, there is something I need to tell you."

"Aunt Yun Yun Aunt Xiaoyi and Zi Yan were in the middle of the battle, but they were taken away by a crack."

Seeing the crowd laughing, Xiao Xiao ran in front of Xiao Yan in a very angry manner, and said coldly, obviously there was a bit of dissatisfaction with Xiao Yan in his voice.

"what?"

When Xiao Yan heard this, he hurriedly panicked. This incident happened before his arrival, and there was no way to stop it for a while.

"Specific things..."

"Oh, why did this girl go?"

While Xiao Yan was talking, Xiao Xiao slowly slammed the door and left, leaving behind a group of people who looked at each other in dismay.

"Dad, the three of them seem to have been rescued by the powerhouse in the distant starry sky. From the emergency situation at that time, there should be nothing wrong."

"But that level is obviously not something we can understand."

Xiao Lin stood up and helped Xiao Xiao.

"This girl has spent a lot of effort in managing the mainland over the years. She has been in a high position for a long time. The starting point is naturally different from that of ordinary people."

"It will be fine in a few days."

"Come here, give me a drink, today the Xiao family's mansion is cheering up and down."

One after another, hearty voices emerged, and the large Xiao clan's residence was prosperous and lively. The reunion scene seemed extremely warm.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: