Chapter Vol 4 2065: Medicine world, medicine clan festival!

The latest website: The next day, the sun rises, everything is new, and a new day begins slowly.

"Let's go, Brother Xiao Yan, today is the opening day of the Medicine Clan Festival. For the Medicine Clan, today is an unprecedented prosperity." Xun'er took Xiao Yan early in the morning and walked towards the Medicine Clan Plaza.

I have to say that today's Xun'er is wearing a long black dress, her slender figure is undoubtedly outlined, her endless grace and grace, and her swan-like neck, it has a unique flavor.

"En." After the blink of an eye, the two also walked towards the Yaozu Square.

The medicine clan grand ceremony, this is tantamount to the biggest festival for the medicine clan.

During the opening of the grand ceremony, the Yaozu will be in a state of carnival, and countless vassal races are allowed to enter the territory of the Yaozu to visit and study. Gathered together, after layers of competition, they competed for the title of the No. 1 alchemist in the continent. Once this title is obtained, it can be said that one has countless honors, the future is promising, and the future is limitless.

"Everyone who participated in the grand ceremony of my medicine family, please step directly into the medicine world from the void here. Of course, when entering the medicine world, you need to confirm your identity once. I wish everyone a good result." Medicine King City Square Among them, some powerful medicine clan experts opened their mouths, and behind them, the silver void revealed endless mystery, which connected the base of the medicine clan, the medicine world.

It is said that the medicine world is located in the core of Yunling Mountain Range, which occupies the most fertile energy of heaven and earth in the entire mountain range. It is a paradise that countless alchemists dream of. Where is it, calm and peaceful, with the fragrance of birds and flowers, and more importantly, there are endless medicinal herbs. Take it, it is enough to call it a holy place for alchemists!

This grand ceremony, without exception, was also held in the pharmaceutical world.

"Boom!" The sky of Medicine King City twisted, and a sense of vicissitudes emerged from it, accompanied by hundreds of elites of medicine clan, standing in the sky in an orderly manner, guarding the void that entered the medicine world aisle.

The void passage is silver, like a giant silver gate that exists in the ancient times, slowly opening, and countless strong men fly up from the Medicine King City and go towards the space gate.

"There, is the march of the grand ceremony."

"Let's go, wife." Xiao Yan's eyes became hot, and he immediately held Xun'er tightly in his palm, and the two lifted off together, directly facing the last screening level of stepping into the door of space.

"En." Being called by Xiao Yan like this, the traces of fiery clouds on Xun'er's cheeks were very attractive, and she was content to let Xiao Yan lead her, quite happy and enjoyable.

"To enter the medicine world, you need to show relevant evidence to prove your identity." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan and the two suddenly appeared at the door of space at the same time, and the guards guarding the door of space said sternly.

Their eyes were full of vigor, and deep forces emerged from their bodies. Obviously, they were strong men who had gone through extremely strict training to guard the Medicine King City and enter the medicine world.

"Here." Xiao Yan gently handed over his Medal of Alchemist, and then waited quietly.

And with the appearance of Xiao Yan's Medal of Alchemist, many of the powerhouses in the back couldn't help but sigh.

"Confirm it is correct, respected pharmacist, please come in."

"Stepping through the gate of space is the medicine world. Many powerful people in the medicine family have been waiting for a long time. Today is the opening day of the grand ceremony. I wish you a good result." After confirming again and again, the guard handed the medal back to Xiao Yan. said a respectful salute.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and just after the voice fell, Xiao Yan and the two immediately disappeared into the door of space and walked towards the medicine world.

Not long after stepping into the gate of space, the vision of the two became blurred by coincidence. After the breath, a rolling mountain emerged in the heart. Around the mountains, the burly bodies of spiritual beasts were arranged one after another, and they were quiet. Standing on the plain, the huge beast's eyes staring at the heights are extremely friendly. It is the plain of the mountains, and an uneven altar area slowly protrudes, which is extremely lively!

Tigers, wolves, pythons, dozens of huge monsters emerged, these are one of the guardians of the medicine family, monsters!

The Yunling Mountains are full of energy, countless precious medicinal materials emerge in an endless stream, and even some monsters are extremely tyrannical, so this has also created a rather friendly relationship between the medicine family and the monster race.

"A mountain range with strong energy from heaven and earth, the name of the medicine world really lives up to its name." Xiao Yan said with a smile, this level of mountain range is the first time Xiao Yan has ever seen in his life. .

"The location of the medicine world is the most luxurious among the ancient races. After all, the medicine family controls nearly 70% of the alchemists in the entire continent. The huge group of alchemists paved the way for the medicine world to be like a holy place on earth." Xun'er pouted.

"Welcome the two of you to the ceremony of the Medicine Clan, please come here." Just as Xiao Yan and his body were floating in the air, on the plain below, the elites of the Medicine Clan who were ready to go walked away, bringing those quiet and prostrate The monsters came close to it.

"Because there are too many people in this grand ceremony, the grand ceremony is set up on the altar mountain in the plain in front." Xiao Yan and the two were safely attached to the backs of the monsters, squirming at a speed, and went directly to the altar mountain in the plain in front.

The Warcraft is a rare Earth Demon Ape. It is extremely fast. Rao is also roaring on this plain for nearly half an hour. Suddenly, the somewhat shocking Medicine Altar Mountain slowly appeared in the hearts of the two of them. .

"What a terrifying handwriting, it is indeed the most prosperous existence among the ancient races." Seeing the scene in front of him, Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head.

It seems that the ancient world and the medicine world, although there is a word difference between the two, but the gap is not a little bit.

Standing on the back of the ape Looking up, outside the so-called altar mountain, layers of fairy mist slowly drifted away, the fairy spirit lingered, quite mysterious, a towering mountain range appeared. in front of the two.

Around the Jialan Mountain Mountains, numerous imposing halls were placed under countless confinement, during which smoke slowly rose into the air, lingering, and countless fragrant Danxiang came out wantonly, embellishing the name of this medicine world!

After resting, the magic ape stopped at a corner of the altar mountain range. Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan looked at each other and walked towards the altar of the mountain range. There was an extremely terrifying confinement on the altar mountain, and they could only walk on foot. This is also for alchemists However, at this time, there are already countless powerhouses around the altar mountain slowly climbing towards the core of the altar mountain. Obviously, where is this grand ceremony!

On the top of the altar mountain, there are already countless figures standing slowly at this time, including the powerhouses of the ancient five clans, etc. They sat quietly, closed their eyes and rested, as if waiting for the opening of the medicine clan festival!

At this moment, countless Tianjiao powerhouses gathered, the real medicine clan grand ceremony, just now slowly kicked off!

full book