Chapter Vol 4 2034: The 4 guardians of Doudi Continent?

The catastrophe of the ancients, everything happened in the ancient world, and there was no news from the beginning to the end, so from the day the catastrophe ended, the ancients were completely busy.

First, Gu Yuan confessed his guilt, punished himself by the rules of the ancient clan, and prepared to abolish everyone in his body to help Xun’er completely reincarnate, and step into reincarnation in one fell swoop. Stop it, demote it to the deputy patriarch, and wait for the dispatch of the patriarch Gu Xun'er. In the future, he will kill the evil tribes outside the territory, so that he can take the blame and make merit.

The second is to crown Gu Xun'er, and regard him as the new patriarch of the ancient clan, and control the affairs of the clan, but to the outside world, Gu Yuan is still the patriarch, to confuse the public and cover the identity of Xun'er, and then become the chief elder Gu Tianyan and the fifth elder Gu Er held the most solemn funeral.

Falling into the chessboard of life and death, even if Gu Yuan Eight Star Douxian successfully touches the power of reincarnation, there is no way.

The three are trying to recover some of the things that have been ruled by foreign evil clan for decades, but fortunately the ancient clan has an extraordinary background, and because of the conceit of the evil and charming scholar, not long after paying some rather weak price , the ancients are also restored as before, and their vitality is showing.

In the end, many strong men of the ancient clan joined together to call the elders of the clan. After getting the elders of the elders, they were at peace with each other, but they only entered into a deep retreat, and this was done.

In January, the ancient clan, whether in the city where the vassals lived on the ground or in the ancient city of the sky, were very busy. Some strong men were recovering their strength to deal with the evil tribes outside the territory, and some ordinary guards were maintaining and restoring the ancient world. The order of the calamity is that for those who have made a contribution to the catastrophe, they will be rewarded, and those who have made mistakes will be punished, and the rewards and punishments will be clearly defined.

At this time, deep in the ancient city of the sky, in the mansion where the ancient patriarchs lived.

There is a lot of fire everywhere, red lanterns are swaying, and there are some festive red stickers on the door plaques and door frames. It is quite festive, like a newly married wife.

"Ah woo woo." Xiao Yan gently opened the door, stretched out and said sleepily.

I originally thought that the catastrophe of the ancient clan was over, and I would be able to relax a little, but who would have thought that all the affairs of the ancient clan were piled up in Xun'er's boudoir. Xun'er, Xiao Yan couldn't help but finish it with his hands, only then did he have extremely serious dark circles under his eyes.

However, what Xiao Yan was most depressed about was his own strength.

The ancient clan said that the battle was easy, but in fact it was not. However, Xiao Yan's strength was still at the peak of the late Seven Star Dou Xian, and he was still some distance away from consummation, and Xiao Yan always felt that it seemed that it was because of cultivating the Burning Jue or swallowing the holy flame. Too many, writing the last few steps by myself, it is much more difficult to break through than others.

However, she is not jealous of Xun'er's inheritance of the Nine Profound Fire Lord's Reincarnation Seal, and the acquisition of the Nine Profound Chongming Flame. Instead, she is gratified. At least she has the power to protect herself.

Although I know that Xun'er belongs to God's favor, but when she thinks that she has been struggling for decades to break through to the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, Xun'er directly absorbs the legacy of countless generations of ancestors of the ancient clan, and she surpasses her heart in one fell swoop. For the sake of gloom, maybe this is the so-called "second generation of the family".

"Brother Xiao Yan." Just as Xiao Yan pushed open the door, a beautiful and colorful figure emerged from the dust and agile like a elf. The appearance of not eating fireworks was like a fairy descending from the earth, very charming.

"You're all done?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but said with some distress.

Since Xun'er served as the patriarch of the ancient clan, he has been dealing with all kinds of problems and is very haggard, so he can only leave Xiao Yan alone in the empty room...

"Well, we're all done, and the rest is left to Daddy and Senior Gu Yuan." Xun'er hugged Xiao Yan's arm and shook it slightly, with a coquettish look, obviously knowing that Xiao Yan was bored these days. This made Xiao Yan feel helpless for a while.

"Daddy is really abominable, why are you so festive..." He hugged Xiao Yan and entered his boudoir like glue like paint. Looking at the red and festive red stickers everywhere, he couldn't help but put on his pink cheeks. There were bursts of crimson.

"Madam." Seeing Xun'er like this, Xiao Yan immediately burst into ecstasy, his hands changed slightly, and he held Xun'er's willow waist in his hands, his eyes became fiery.

snort!

Cai Lin and Mu Yingying didn't give them to themselves, so it seemed that they could only start from Xun'er.

"Big bad guy." Xun'er also suddenly noticed something and snorted lightly, but didn't struggle.

……

The lingering sound is lingering, the ancient clan continues to prosper, and after this major event, I am afraid that the ancient clan will be more careful about the foreign evil clan, and the foreign evil clan controls the two kings of the ancient clan, and the powerhouse of the Eight Star Dou Xian perfection level has fallen. , I am afraid it is also a big loss.

Among the extraterrestrial evil races, the strength of the kings is above eight stars, similar to the blood king ink, the evil spirit scholar, and the eight-star fighting immortals are only kings. .

Among the extraterritorial evil clan, in addition to some native-born evil powerhouses, there are many who were transferred to the extraterritorial evil clan from the Great Thousand Worlds, so they will not be reused.

On the other hand, after the ancients solved their internal troubles, the ancient world broke open and returned to the eyes of everyone in Douyun Continent. Although there are many rumors on Douyun Continent, due to the terrifying background of the ancients, Only speak in private.

"Brother Gu Yuan has been dealing with a lot of things these days. It's really hard work. I'll tell you how hard it is for my daughter." Both Gu Yuan and Gu Yuan found a quiet trail, and they started snacking on wine and meat.

Speaking of which, the two are also fortune-telling. When Gu Yuan and his daughter just came to the ancient clan, Cheng Mengyuan and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor took care of them secretly, but then Gu Yuan was controlled, so there was such a series of things.

"By the way, Brother Gu Yuan, I don't know something." After taking a few sips, Gu Yuan couldn't help but ask.

Although the two people's seniority is quite different, but because of the fate of the two, they are called brothers, Gu Yuan is the elder, Gu Yuan is the second.

"What's wrong with Brother Gu Yuanxian?" Gu Yuan also grinned and said with a dashing smile.

"Since the Doudi Continent is divided into four continents, the other three continents are not as powerful as us. Why haven't you heard of anyone trying to unify the four continents?"

"After all, among the four Douyun, the Xuanling Continent is the weakest, and our Douyun Continent is the strongest. I am afraid that the ordinary forces above the Douyun Continent can completely blood wash the Xuanling Continent." Gu Yuan said eloquently, this The matter was what he cared about the most. After all, Xiao Yan had integrated three continents, and all he wanted was to worry about Xiao Yan getting burned.

"impossible."

"Because there are plane guardians on Doudi Continent and there are not only one plane guardian, but four, these four are brothers, no matter their appearance or strength, they are ordered to In the center of the human world, it maintains the safety of the four continents of Emperor Dou."

"With them there, and with the support of the Human World Center behind them, no one dares to go beyond the limit."

"Their power, when they step into the cycle of reincarnation, has long been ignored by the world, but they have vast magical powers, and their souls are spread over their respective continents. Once there is foreign power, they will be discovered as soon as possible."

"This is the reason why the four continents of Emperor Dou have been in peace." Gu Yuan shook his head.

"But I heard Xiao Yan say that when the Xuanling Continent was facing a crisis, I didn't see the plane guardian of the Xuanling Continent take action..." Gu Yuan couldn't help asking.

"I don't know, but I can clearly feel that the four of them are real."

"Perhaps he was called back by the Human World Center at that time, or maybe he didn't want to take action." Gu Yuan was also surprised.

"Forget it, let's not talk about those sad things, come, drink..." For a while, the two talked happily over the wine.

However, it is also a strange thing. The Endless Fire Territory has been established for a long time, but the so-called guardian of the plane disappeared as if asleep... Or did they do it on purpose?

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: