Chapter 592: The former owner of Huoxin Tianyan, Xiao Mu!

In the empty space, there is no time, no life, and nothing, just a very desolate atmosphere.

"Where is this?" A figure who was inconspicuous compared to this empty space slowly appeared, and then said to himself.

The person who came was Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan was also quite helpless about this. It was clear that he was in the process of evolving Fen Jue, and the moment he felt that the Fen Jue evolution in his body had succeeded, the strength in Xiao Yan's body had soared, and in a short period of time, it had soared to the level of the late six-star Dou Emperor!

However, Xiao Yan came to this unfamiliar place before he could investigate the evolutionary level of Fen Jue in his body and understand the state of his body.

"Haha, after so many years, has my Xiao clan really had a descendant?" A desolate voice slowly echoed between this world.

"Who?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this!

I am now the power of the soul. If I am not careful, I am afraid that it will cause irreparable damage to its origin!

This desolate voice just sounded, and Xiao Yan suddenly felt a boundless feeling like the ocean!

"Hehe, don't panic, this is the Holy Flame Space!" An easy-going voice sounded slowly.

Wasn't it the Fire Heart Tianyan Sacred Flame who had been swallowed by Xiao Yan?

Huoxin Tianyan, after Xinyan was swallowed and refined by Xiao Yan, he turned into a young man and followed Xiao Yan!

"I just said how comfortable it is for this kid to devour me. I didn't expect you to be in the way." Xinyan's voice with a questioning tone went straight to the void in all directions!

"Xinyan, you haven't changed after all these years." A desolate voice appeared, and then it turned into a thin figure.

At first glance, the lean figure can tell that it is a trace of soul power, but above that lean body, there is a terrifying power that destroys the world.

"Xiao Mu, you **** old fellow!" Xinyan's body trembled instantly, and then let out a roar.

"At that time, it was not my wish. If you want to know, you can find me in the future to know the truth of the matter." The figure who was roared by Huoxin Tianyan spoke slowly and plainly.

"Aren't you dead?" The next moment, Huoxin Tianyan's pupils shrank tightly, as if he realized something.

"die?"

"How could I, the twelve tigers of the Xiao family, fall so easily?" A plain voice gave Xiao Yan a lot of shock!

"Okay!"

"Xiao Mu, you wait, the next time I find you, it will be..." Xinyan said viciously.

"Hehe, since your question has been resolved, then it's up to me and this kid, you should go out..." Xiao Mu said, and waved it casually, without giving Xinyan any time to hesitate. Immediately, the Huoxin Tianyan slightly out of the holy flame space and appeared beside Long Yi outside!

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Huoxin Tianyan couldn't help but cursed secretly!

It has been thousands of years since he was out of Xiao Mu's control. He never imagined that Xiao Mu still has some control over him now.

"This should be the Holy Flame Fire Spirit." Seeing this, Long Yi did not have any fear. After all, the current strength of Huoxin Tianyan is not as strong as that of a half-immortal, so Long Yi is not afraid.

"Senior?" Xiao Yan saw that Huoxin Tianyan had no room for resistance, and was swept away by Xiao Mu, and he couldn't help feeling a little cold.

The senior named Xiao Mu in front of him is definitely a ruthless man!

"Hehe, boy, tell me about the situation on the Dou Qi Continent." Xiao Mu easily came to Xiao Yan's side.

Looking at the mysterious Xiao Mu, who came and went without a trace, Xiao Yan's heart sank. He had no other plans, but told some things on the Dou Qi Continent.

Because Xiao Yan clearly felt a familiar smell on Xiao Mu's body!

It is the smell of blood!

Such fluctuations are enough to show that the old man in front of him is a member of their Xiao clan!

"Actually...the reason why the Dou Di bloodline of the Xiao clan on the Dou Qi Continent was interrupted halfway, we have an unshirkable responsibility." Xiao Mu heard Xiao Yan's words, although his heart was very calm, but he knew in his heart that this The sudden fall of Dou Di's bloodline almost brought destruction to the Xiao Clan on the Dou Qi Continent.

"Ancestor?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively, looking at Xiao Mu who was caught in the memory before him.

"Oh, these things, I'll tell you when you become stronger."

"Otherwise, you are still too weak now." Xiao Mu's eyes filled with endless emptiness stared at Xiao Yan for a long time before he opened his mouth.

"Is he a strong man in the human world..." Xiao Yan asked a little unwillingly.

"You're pretty smart, you know what to say to me, but these things aren't something you should think about."

"Your next goal is to reach Dou Xian first."

"Only when you reach Dou Xian, you are qualified to obtain some things... You only need to know some things. After all, we don't want to involve innocent people in this battle."

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Mu hurriedly coughed a few times.

"The ancestors left a trace of soul power here, so there must be something wrong?" Xiao Yan did not stop on the previous topic. From the words of his master Jin Longwang and Xiao Mu, although he vaguely guessed, The disappearance of Xiao Yan must have something to do with the human world, but Xiao Yan is still too weak at the moment!

Even if their strength now relies on swallowing holy flames to reach the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, it is not enough for them!

"No, you are wrong."

"The reason why I left a trace of my soul here is to save the day when people from my Xiao clan devoured this Fire Heart Tianyan." Xiao Mu pretended to be profound.

"Ancestor actually had the terrifying power of a prophet?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly as he said incredulously.

"Hehe, there are many things in the universe, and many things are unclear. Since you have successfully devoured Xinyan, then my soul power should also disappear."

"After all, this trace of soul power is just the power that I left behind when I controlled the Fire Heart Tianyan, and after helping you devour the holy flame, there is not much left." Xiao Mu smiled slowly.

"This place is called the Holy Flame Space. It is a separate space. Anyone under Dou Xian will be suppressed here. You only need to communicate with Xinyan, and you can bring people here."

"The holy flame space is like a barrier. Once others enter it, it is extremely difficult to get out."

"This can also be used as a trump card for you. Don't use it as a last resort, otherwise such a terrifying alien dimension will bring you a calamity!"

"I hope that when we meet next time, your kid can really grow up!" The voice fell, and Xiao Mu in front of Xiao Yan instantly turned into stars and disappeared in this holy flame space!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Respectfully send the ancestors off!" Xiao Yan bowed respectfully and said!

With the disappearance of all Xiao Mu's breath, Xiao Yan sat down and carefully comprehended this sacred flame space.

"This kid, why haven't you come out yet!" Outside Xiao Yan's body, Long Yi and Xinyan both stared at Xiao Yan suspiciously!

Several days have passed since Xiao Yan successfully entered the meditation after swallowing the refining holy flame, why is he still not awake?

Just when the two were puzzled, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened.

"It's been a long time." A long-lost voice carried the desolate aura of Saint Flame throughout the void!

Ask for tickets!