Chapter Vol 4 1471: Soul Palace and Hidden Soul Society!

"Huhuhu!" At the same time, scenes of fiery scenes were also taking place in other places in the Demon Suppression Prison.

The powerhouses from all over the four continents poured into the Demon Suppression Prison and hunted down a lot of evil creatures. As time went by, the news of the ruins of the Heavenly King’s possession slowly spread to everyone’s ears, so many powerhouses They also rushed towards the ruins of Tianwangzang.

After all, the relics left by a powerhouse like Tianwangzang are enough to attract the attention of the powerhouses present.

"Hey!" Under the Demon Suppression Prison, in a very dark place, where weeds are overgrown, it is next to a small stream, and at this time, two figures stand slowly here.

The two figures, one was bathed under the black robe, and the black robe was full of gloomy auras. If Xiao Yan was here, he would instantly recognize this guy, this guy is definitely a powerhouse in the Soul Palace!

The other person was plain in appearance, dressed in a bamboo hat and a hood.

"What happened to the matter?" The man in the hooded clothes said first.

"The powerhouses of our Soul Palace have already poured in here from the gap in the Demon Suppression Prison, and in a few days, I am afraid most of them will arrive completely." The man in the Soul Palace said slowly.

"So good."

"If you help us obliterate the powerhouses in the Four Continents Competition this time, then the reward will naturally not treat you badly. You can collect their souls at will, and we will capture that Xiao Yan and deliver it to your hands." The man in Minoyi sneered.

"The imprisonment of this Demon Town is too strong, so that those who are stronger than the four-star Dou Xian can't step in, so we only dispatched the three-star Dou Xian." The man in the soul hall said after a while.

"This is natural. After all, this is the Poison Temple Suppression Prison. There are countless foreign evil races suppressed in the Devil Suppression Prison, and there is a terrifying existence at the level of the Poison Temple Demon Empress."

"However, a three-star Douxian Perfection level powerhouse is barely enough." Suddenly, the man in the scorpion smiled slowly, his voice filled with an invisible and terrifying aura.

"Our Soul Palace has shown enough sincerity, should your Hidden Soul Society also..." The next moment, the black-robed man sneered.

"I don't know what instructions the Lord Six Soul Venerable have?" In an instant, the man in the robe opened his mouth and said.

"Gather the four heroes of your Hidden Soul Society, and investigate the information on the powerhouses who are stronger than the late Samsung Dou Xian in the Four Continents Competition. When they enter the Heavenly King's Collection, let's clear them one by one."

"And the ruins of the Tianwangzang are about to open, we should gather together." The black-robed man said.

"Tianwang Zang Ruins?"

"That's a real powerful man." The man in the robe immediately frowned when he heard the words. Obviously, there are many legends about Tianwangzang, which he has seen for all to see.

"Act separately, first investigate the details of their intelligence, and when they enter the ruins of the Heavenly King's possession, they will be wiped out, and then go to the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple before you can get the thing to rescue your Lord." After a while, the black-robed man The voice is very enchanting like a ghost.

"En." As soon as the voice fell, the man in the robe suddenly got up and walked towards another place.

"The Four Heroes of the Hidden Soul Society, although you are powerful, but in the final analysis, it is just to work for our Soul Palace."

"Do you really think that our Soul Palace will dispatch so many forces for a mere Xiao Yan?"

"Xiao Yan is hateful, but he hasn't made us face it."

"Only the king of the Dusha Town Demon Prison, the Dusha Demon Empress, is the ultimate goal of our trip."

"The Demon Empress of the Poison Temple holds the 'Poison Temple Magic Tool' in her hands. If you can obtain this item, it will be of great help to our Soul Palace's millennium plan..."

"Susu..." The black-robed man said with a gloomy and eerie smile, and then disappeared here, but his strength seemed to be only a three-star Douxian perfection, but there seemed to be something terrifying in his body that made the four Xingdouxian is extremely afraid.

"Brother, why are you calling us back in such a hurry?" Suddenly, in a quiet cave, four silhouettes of minions appeared.

Among the four, they are the four heroes of the Hidden Soul Society.

The eldest Mo Tianxing, the complete strength of the three-star fighting immortal, is said to have vaguely stepped on the threshold of the four-star fighting immortal. He is a rare genius in the Hidden Soul Society.

The second child, Mo Baixuan, has a complete strength of Samsung Dou Xian.

The third child is ink dyed, and the strength of Samsung Dou Xian in the later stage.

The fourth child is the Mo Yu who attacked Xiao Yan at the beginning, and the strength of Samsung Dou Xian in the later stage.

"The ruins of the Heavenly King's Treasure are about to appear. I called you here to discuss this matter." Mo Tianxing, the man in scorpion, said, his voice filled with extremely terrifying fluctuations.

"Tianwang hides the ruins, this is a good thing, I don't know what the big brother has planned?" Mo Baixuan, the second child, smiled.

"There are hidden mysteries and many mysteries in the ruins of the Tianwangzang. We must go into them to find out. Otherwise, the guys who are tested by the four continents will obtain the treasures, which will be even more detrimental to us." Mo Tianxing, the man in mink clothes, said.

"Although there are many treasures in the Heavenly King's Collection, but the legends of the Heavenly King's Collection, I am afraid that the ruins are also full of dangers," said the third child, Mo Ran.

"Brother, I don't know how the powerhouse in the Soul Palace is?" Suddenly, the fourth child asked in Mo Yu It is strange to say that because of the imprisonment in the Demon Suppression Prison this time, I entered the Demon Suppression with us. The prison cooperated with the Six Soul Venerable of the Soul Palace, a guy with a complete strength of 3-star Dou Xian. "

"It's just that I always feel that this guy seems to have some kind of power that makes me fearful, and the feeling this guy gives me doesn't seem to be just to capture Xiao Yan, but also to other things in the Demon Suppression Prison. There is a plan." The boss opened his mouth slowly and his voice was very heavy.

"The guys in the Soul Palace are cunning people, so we must be more careful." The fourth elder Mo Yu said.

"Now many of the powerhouses of our Hidden Soul Society have entered the Demon Suppression Prison. When the powerhouses of the four continents enter the ruins of the Heavenly King's Palace, we will start to eradicate them one by one." The boss laughed, why he So fearless, it is because of the mysterious arm given by some Haishou adults, so there is no fear, after all, that thing is a real help.

"I hope that this time, we can seriously damage Tianming Villa and avenge our hidden souls." Mo Ran said, and he couldn't help clenching his fists tightly. Obviously, a thousand of their ghosts will be cleaned up by Tianming Villa too badly. It's still vivid now.

"Will do."

"Okay, let's go down, gather our men and horses, remember to be more wary of the powerhouses in the Soul Palace, and be fully prepared, and don't let the powerhouses of the four continents discover the hidden aura in advance."

"The real battle will only begin now." As soon as the voice fell, the four of them slowly dispersed.

"My lord, I will definitely live up to your expectations of me." Mo Tianxing's voice just fell, and this guy disappeared here.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: