Chapter Vol 4 2160: Dou Qi Continent's Call!

The time of January passed quietly. During this period, the development of the Endless Fire Territory can be said to have increased exponentially.

The Palace of the Mother of the Endless Fire Territory.

"Now there is still no news about Senior Zhukun. From the perspective of Soul Jade, life should be fine, but the specific traces are..."

Xiao Yan sat on the table above the hall and muttered.

After secretly breaking through the holy-rank alchemist in the medicine clan, he quietly returned to the endless fire domain.

The three girls today have long since formed a common battle line, and their respective thoughts and thoughts have probably been almost merged. At the same time, standing not far from Xiao Yan, their expressions are complicated.

Xun'er devoured the Phoenix Nirvana Pill, and the power in her body was vaguely related to the Phoenix family. With the power of the Reincarnation Seal, her power was already increasing rapidly, and it was only a matter of time before she stepped into the reincarnation, and because of the Phoenix Nirvana Pill. Because of this, I am afraid that I will need to go to the Phoenix Clan in the future.

As for Cailin, it devoured the Celestial Soul Transformation Pill, speeding up the fusion of the power of the ten-colored blood in the body. After the fusion, the center of the demon world must be visited, but there is obviously still some distance from that time.

As for Mu Yingying, relying on Fen Jue and two kinds of holy flames, plus the many benefits of her holy flames being transformed into human beings, her cultivation is also a thousand miles away, which is quite shocking.

"Senior Zhu Kun should be related to the Dragon Clan."

Xun'er nodded sweetly, and with the power of the Reincarnation Seal, she vaguely knew something vague.

"Next, send someone out to investigate the fire elves, the phoenix clan, and the dragon clan in the Great Thousand World."

"Soon, when I break through the cycle of reincarnation, I may go to the underworld."

Xiao Yan nodded solemnly.

"Reincarnation... But reincarnation is quite difficult."

"Without great fortune and opportunity, I'm afraid..."

"And the danger level of the underworld, to a certain extent, far exceeds that of any place in the world."

Xun'er couldn't help shaking her head, her expression full of worry.

"Don't worry, I have my own countermeasures."

Xiao Yan said with a smile, after all, he has the power of the devil and the Xiao clan mark, and with the company of Feng Waner and Xiao Zifan, he can go to the underworld to find the traces of the disappearing Xiao clan with some confidence.

"In another year, the once-in-a-hundred-year plane meeting in the Great Thousand World will be held in the void space. At that time, there may be traces of the medicinal materials that you need third on the Holy Flame List."

"As for other matters, I will send a special person to inquire about the information. Once there is any news, I will tell you as soon as possible."

Cailin nodded and said, he knew that Xiao Yan now has a heavier burden on his shoulders than when he was on the Dou Qi Continent.

After the rest, the atmosphere here suddenly became harmonious. The three girls were discussing some little secrets, but Xiao Yan was the only one who put them aside.

"..."

Listening to the little secrets being discussed by the three girls and completely ignoring him, Xiao Yan couldn't help but have black lines all over his head.

It seems that the revolution has not yet succeeded, and comrades still need to work hard.

"Domain Lord, three mistresses."

"The soul of the soul clan, Tianhao, is asking for an interview in the hall. It seems that there is something important."

After a while, the door of the main hall was pushed open, and Mu Feng walked in and said with a smile.

"Soul Tianhao?"

When Xiao Yan heard this, his face was dumbfounded, but the Soul Clan had a pretty good reputation among the ancient races and even the Douyun Continent.

The Soul Clan and Soul Palace here are two extremes, not like the one in the Dou Qi Continent.

"go."

After speaking, the five of them walked towards the hall together.

"The Lord of the Domain has not been seen for a month. It seems to have become a little mysterious again?"

Hun Tianhao's gentle face, although a gloomy meaning emerges from time to time, but overall there is not much weirdness.

"It's just a fluke that I broke through the holy pharmacist."

Regarding this matter, Xiao Yan was not prepared to hide it any longer. The two looked at each other and said that it would be a good choice to spread this matter through Hun Tianhao and increase the cohesion of the Endless Fire Territory.

The prestige possessed by the eighth-rank holy pharmacist is comparable to that of a reincarnation expert.

"congratulations."

"Next, I'll first wish the domain master's magic skill in refining medicine."

"But there is one thing, I am afraid I need to report to the domain owner as soon as possible, please make an early decision."

Hun Tianhao's expression was surprised and joyful at first, but then instantly became solemn and said sternly.

"whats the matter?"

Seeing Hun Tianhao's serious expression, Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Lord Domain Master should know that our soul clan controls the most complete intelligence network in the entire Doudi Continent. Originally, I was going to hand over all the information to Endless Fire Domain management when I came here this time, but in the middle of the journey, I found a A rather bizarre thing."

Soul Tianhao said to himself.

"Oh... a weird thing?"

"Senior Soul, but it doesn't matter."

When Xiao Yan heard this, he became slightly curious.

"My lord, it should have originated from the origin of our ancient race, the Dou Qi Continent, and was promoted with amazing strength, right?"

Soul Tianhao muttered.

"Yep."

After Hun Tianhao finished speaking, Xiao Yan and the three daughters cast their eyes on him together. There were only a few people who knew about this matter, and they couldn't help but wonder about this guy.

"According to the information I have collected, the evil tribes outside the territory are eyeing the tigers, and the powerhouses in the center of the human world are exhausted, coping with the tentative attacks of the evil tribes outside the territory emerging from all over the world, so they will neglect some places."

"The strong man of our clan guarding the edge of the plane received a slight call about the Dou Qi Continent last night."

"That call seems to be a distress signal!"

Soul Tianhao's voice fell, and the atmosphere in the hall instantly solidified.

"A distress signal from Dou Qi Continent?"

"Senior Soul, is there any way for me to step into the Dou Qi Continent?"

When Xiao Yan heard this, his tone suddenly became heavy.

"The space channel connecting the Dou Qi Continent to the upper plane has been destroyed, and now we can only rebuild a new space channel."

"Even if there is a reincarnation powerhouse in our Endless Fire Territory, it is expected to take at least ten days."

"And because of the limitations of the plane, those above the Dou Emperor can only step into the Dou Qi Continent for ten days, and they will be squeezed out, and the reincarnation level cannot go down."

"Of course, there are also some rare immortal artifacts that can ignore the rules and step into the Dou Qi Continent with the power of reincarnation. It's a pity that such things are too hard to find."

"If you want to break the rules, I am afraid you have to go through the cycle and become the supreme being."

"We can gather the power of the Endless Fire Territory to jointly build a space channel, and it will take five days... But in that case, only the powerhouses whose strength is lower than the eight-star Douxian Perfection Powerhouse can step into the Dou Qi Continent and touch the Dou Qi Continent. Not even reincarnators."

"Go ahead, we will return to Dou Qi Continent in five days."

Xiao Yan's voice fell, and the entire hall became silent.

"My subordinates will do it immediately."

After Hun Tianhao finished speaking, he also left nervously.

"Strange, this soul Tianhao's breath always makes me stunned."

"Get ready, return to Dou Qi Continent in five days."

Xiao Yan said to the two women beside him.

"Yep."

"I don't know what Xiao Xiao and Xiao Lin are like now."

As they spoke, Xun'er and Cailin's eyes softened, and even their jade fists clenched slightly, and an indescribable worry filled the air.

Decades have passed since the Five Emperors broke the sky, and now they can finally return to the Dou Qi Continent and let the love of motherhood in the hearts of these two mistresses overflow.

Five days later, I was finally able to return to Dou Qi Continent. I saw my former friends, my former sons and daughters, and my descendants. For a while, my mind became tense.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: