Chapter 339: Space Teleportation Array!

"Since everything is ready, let's go." Wen Zi also said slowly, and then walked down first.

"Let's go, you little fellows, let me pay attention to this two people from the Xuanling Imperial Family. They have entered the Xuanling Imperial Pond. If they can, don't let them have the qualifications to touch the Xuanling Imperial Pond..." Zhu Lao's voice was also slow. Slowly appeared in the hearts of Xiao Yan and the others.

"What does this mean..." The three of them were also at a loss, although they didn't know what it meant, but since the old Zhu would entrust them, it was necessary to think about it, so they also wrote it down in their hearts, and then followed Wen Zi. down.

"Tick tock." The sound of water droplets was very harsh in this silent passage.

In a few minutes, a group of seven people also passed through the passage, and then came to a rather empty place.

"Here..." Coming here, Xiao Yan also discovered some abnormalities in this space at the first time.

The ticking sound of dripping water made them all vigilant in their hearts.

Although there were some tick-tock dripping sounds, when they came to the first floor of the underground palace, what they saw was an empty place. Other than that, there was nothing else.

This is an extremely empty space, and the space is filled with a very attractive fragrance. Looking closely, the space here is a circular space, and there is a square building in the center of the space...

It seems a bit like a sacrificial altar!

"How do I get to the Xuanling Emperor Pond..." Xiao Yan also muttered. Obviously, even if he didn't use his soul power to explore the first floor of the underground palace, Xiao Yan knew it. It is the first floor of this underground palace.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

But this place is very empty, except for the passage that came in and the thing that looked like an altar in front of him, there were no other passages.

"Hehe, don't wonder, this is the first floor of the underground palace, and it is also where you go to the Xuanling Emperor Pond."

"Have you seen the altar in the center?"

"That's a space teleportation formation." Elder Zhu's voice also slowly appeared in the underground palace.

"Space teleportation formation?" Xiao Yan's eyes became puzzled when he heard the words. Obviously, if the altar in front of him was a space teleportation formation, everything would be reasonable.

"Master Zhu said it is true, but more importantly, the space teleportation formation on the first floor of the underground palace was also constructed by the old Zhu group." Wen Zi also smiled slowly, but his face changed in a moment. Was extremely unhappy and flashed away.

Apparently even Wen Zi was reluctant to recall it. After all, when he asked Zhu Jin to come to build the space teleportation formation, it consumed a lot of their financial resources.

"It seems that Zhu Lao's understanding of the game has also reached a whole new level..."

"When I go back, I must follow Zhu Lao to learn the essence of the formation." Xiao Yan also has a plan in his heart. After all, although he is also a fighting formation master, to a certain extent, his understanding of formation is also Still in a state of ignorance.

"Okay, time is running out."

"Now let's take you in first."

"Remember, the Xuanling Emperor Pond is very precious, and being able to live in the qualifications does not mean that you can live with enough benefits."

"Everything depends on you."

"Also, the Xuanling Emperor Pond can let you stay in it for a month at most. No matter what, you will be pushed out by the Xuanling Emperor Pond after a month." Wen Zi also said lightly with a feather fan.

"Yeah." The five responded in unison. Xiao Yan also noticed the fiery gazes in the eyes of Xiaoshou and Da Pang, as if they were winning!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, an extremely majestic force appeared in Wen Zi's hand, and then slowly injected it towards the altar in the center!

With the injection of Wen Zi's huge fighting spirit, a dazzling light also radiated from the dim altar.

"Sir, help me!" Wen Zi also shouted at Boss Zhu.

"Go!" Before Wen Zi finished speaking, the silver vindictive aura of Zhu Lao's figure slowly radiated, and at the same time, a silver vindictive aura that contained the power of life and death also slowly permeated the space.

The appearance of two forces caused the space to vibrate slightly.

The next moment, the altar in the space also brightened, and then slowly exuded an extremely terrifying wave.

"Go in." Elder Zhu's voice also appeared.

"Well." The next moment, the five of them also stepped into the space teleportation formation above the altar.

As soon as he stepped into the altar, he felt a faint suction force firmly locking Xiao Yan and the others.

"Cough, cough..." Mu Yingying was also a little hurried. It was obviously the first time she had endured this space teleportation formation, so she didn't know what to do.

"Shen Shen, use your fighting spirit to protect yourself." Just when Mu Yingying was in a hurry, a gentle voice echoed in her ears.

Mu Yingying raised her head and found out that it was Xiao Yan!

At the same time, Xiao Yan's broad palm also slowly pulled Mu Yingying's jade hand, and then an extremely gentle flame of Dou Qi also slowly enveloped Mu Yingying.

"Why is this Mu Yingying's palm so hot..." This was Xiao Yan's first thought, but it was too late to think, this space teleportation formation was pushed to the limit.

"This Xiao Yan really seems to have the smell of a big brother..." Mu Yingying also looked at Xiao Yan blankly, and then bit her lips slightly, thinking in her heart.

The light became brighter and brighter. With the continuous support of Wen Zi and Zhu Lao's huge fighting spirit, the five of them also disappeared in an instant.

"I don't know how many people will succeed this time." Wen Zi also withdrew his strength, and then looked at the five people who disappeared and muttered.

"There is a certain number in the dark." Zhu Lao also said slowly, and then stared at a certain space above the altar in the underground palace.

Where the space seems to be different from other places.

"Sir Let's go, it's almost time for the auction to start in a month." Wen Zi also hurriedly said.

"Let's go." When Zhu Lao heard the words, he didn't stop there, and went straight back to the exit.

"Huh..."

"This **** Zhu Jin is getting stronger and stronger..."

"And how did he find the entrance to this underground palace..." Wen Zi also glanced at the slightly strange space, then left the underground palace without stopping.

With the departure of Wen Zi and Zhu Jin, calm was restored in this underground palace.

"King……"

"Looks like this fluctuation, they have already entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond..." A man surrounded by black energy also respectfully faced the Xuanling Emperor in front of him.

"Haha, since my Xuanling royal family can't get something, you Fenxiang Pavilion also want to get it!"

"Remember!"

"Don't stay alive!" King Xuanling also gestured towards the neck, and some of his eyes were full of pride.

"Yes!" Hearing this, the man in black also retreated into the surrounding space.

"Flaming ah..."

"Death for thousands of years is resistance..."

"But after I get the blood essence of the nine-colored swallowing python, it will be the day you surrender!"

"At that time, I will be the king of Xuan San!"

"Hahaha..." King Xuanling also laughed.

Ask for tickets!