Chapter Vol 4 1856: Fire Demon vs Forbidden Art!

"Break me!" Seeming to penetrate the endless void, Xiao Yan's voice sounded like a thunder, blasting in Mekal's ears.

"Boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, his whole body swelled violently, and the dark green blood mist was completely vented, and the light spots and white flames on his body quickly swallowed the breath released by Xiao Yan, but it was too difficult to support alone. become thinner.

At this moment, the originally magnificent and quiet temple was stained by countless dark green blood mist and blood, like a scene of hell, gloomy and cold, **** and evil atmosphere, completely rendering it!

The blood mist that obscured the sun and the sun erupted endlessly from Xiao Yan's body. The sacred light spots that slanted down from the Tianhe, like the remnants of defeated soldiers, quickly disintegrated and melted, and fell off from the wings of the Angel Merkal. When the white flames that came down touched the blood mist of the demons, there were bursts of terrifying explosions, and after the explosions, they slowly scattered like dust.

In the Dimensional Temple, the endless vortex of blood mist abyss continues to permeate, like a bottomless pit. Every time the blood mist appears, this magnificent temple will become shaken.

The blood mist of the devil is crisscrossed, the sacred light spot retreats, the white flame explodes, the so-called angel's ruling, this moment is like a big joke.

"Ah, ah, ah!" After a while, Mekal roared angrily in the enchantment of light, and his high-pitched voice penetrated the entire sky, shaking the hearts of countless humans below.

"Mekal!" Just as Mekal roared angrily, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly returned to the original void from the Dimensional Temple, the demon blood mist was spreading around him, and his voice was extremely gloomy.

"You are a heretic!"

"You are the devil!"

"I, the roving angel Mekal, will never let you survive!" At this moment, Mekal was in a turmoil, his chest slowly heaving, his tone became excited, the angel's wings behind his back were violently instigated, and a more powerful breath revealed.

"Just now...that's the real devil." Xiao Yan laughed when he saw Mekal like this.

She thought that with the divine power of the light attribute, she could judge herself?

She thought that if she was exiled to a different dimension and locked in the temple of grand judgment, countless rays of light and sacred flames would devour herself?

She was wrong!

Just at the critical moment, Xiao Yan was not suppressing the demonic power in his body. The unrepressed demonic power was like an entrance to hell, and endless evil blood mist burst out, destroying the Temple of Judgment horribly!

Angel?

Holy power?

In the power of his own most evil and evil demons, he is like a powerless three-year-old child.

"Hahaha!"

"Devil... You forced me, and you brought it on yourself!" Seeing the sarcastic expression of the demon Xiao Yan, Mekal suddenly went mad.

As a roving angel, Mekal's strength is not among the pinnacles of the Great Thousand World, but with this status, who would dare to be so disrespectful to herself?

Now that Xiao Yan repeatedly trampled on his dignity several times, Mekal was finally angry.

Mekal's face was hideous, and his pupils were filled with madness, as if this world had been abandoned, and he was the executioner who came to destroy this time.

Mekal's slender black hair turned white for a while, the kind of pure white, and the pupils turned white at the same time, and the enchantment of light above the sky seemed to be summoned, and countless light patterns slowly wriggled, right. Mekal moved closer.

"Are you using the power beyond the limit?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly became deep, although he knew that Mekal would obliterate all the human beings here, but Xiao Yan did not expect that Mekal was actually brewing a forbidden technique!

Forbidden!

The two weak and insignificant words represent the power of the peak in the world.

Although ordinary immortal arts and forbidden arts are also in the category of comrades, Xiao Yan knew that the power of forbidden arts was probably incomparable to several immortal arts.

"You brought it on yourself."

"Anyway, I don't like this land too much, let's destroy it together." Mekal's pupils flashed a frantic smile, and the movements in his hands did not stop, brewing forbidden techniques, and casting forbidden techniques requires even greater power!

A trace of bright red blood permeated from the fingertips, and then an extremely tyrannical barrier of light erupted from the angel's wings behind it, protecting it to the death. ancient texture.

That's the smell of forbidden art.

"This lunatic." Xiao Yan looked at Mekal like this, his pupils couldn't help turning pale.

Xiao Yan had seen the power of the forbidden technique as early as in Li Soul Territory. Even in the uppermost realm of Li Soul Territory, once the forbidden technique came, no grass would grow in a radius of thousands of miles, and the land after the forbidden technique was used. , it will also stink, and it will leave a special area that is not suitable for human habitation.

The most important thing is that there are hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians under the rock and soil wall below. If the forbidden technique is really allowed to come, I am afraid the consequences will be unimaginable.

The riddled void was made weird by Mekal's sudden arrival, as if this warm continent was being dragged by Mekal bit by bit towards the Palace of Death!

Dark and cold, without any anger!

On the other hand, Xiao Yan, the devil's armor appeared on his body, and the demon's phantom behind him was flooding out, and the blood of the devil in his body was boiling like never before!

She must be stopped!

The advent of forbidden art must be stopped!

"Is this... the taste of forbidden art?" The emperor below looked at the scene of the parade angel, and immediately couldn't help taking a breath.

"Father, what is a forbidden technique?" Lin Yunshu asked in a low voice.

"That is the exclusive title of the Holy See, but the forbidden technique is a kind of rank, and it is also a symbol of identity and strength."

"Forbidden art is similar to the immortal art that is divided into the ranks above the holy rank of our Great Thousand Worlds, but at the same level, the forbidden art is more powerful." The emperor said with a complicated look, obviously he did not expect Mekal to master it. banned.

Mastering the forbidden technique, performing the forbidden technique, and performing the forbidden technique alone are three concepts.

For example, the Demon of Light at the time was a power that could independently cast forbidden techniques, similar to today's ~, but could use some other tricks to cast forbidden techniques.

But even so, once the forbidden technique comes, the thousands of miles of void wrapped by the enchantment of light will probably be razed to the ground in an instant.

This is the power of forbidden art.

"Is there any other way?" Lin Yunshu also sensed the taste of death from the emperor's ugly expression.

"There should be no more... Once the forbidden technique comes, I am afraid that this place will be completely transformed into a real purgatory, and all the human beings in the enchantment at this time will be destroyed." The emperor said silently at this time.

"Gather all the remaining generals and soldiers and the powerhouses above Dou Xian. This time, I'm afraid we can only rely on us." After the emperor finished speaking, the three disappeared together.

In the sky, the aura around Mekal is still condensing and evolving, vaguely direct, a touch of heart palpitations, permeating the entire Light Barrier, countless human hearts!