Chapter Vol 4 1229: Advance to Wonderland, 9th Floor Spirit Palace!

"Failed again..."

"Come again..."

"The power of the soul is not evenly distributed here..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Come again!" In the boundless, Xiao Yan slowly failed once, and then made a comeback, constantly condensing the spiritual palace in the soul realm.

Although the casting of the Spirit Palace only requires the use of soul power to outline the basic outline, and the soul power will fill it up by itself, the difficulty level is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination.

Originally, Xiao Yan felt that he was already a great consummation of the emperor realm, and it was not difficult to outline it, but these successive failures actually made Xiao Yan feel a sense of frustration.

"The casting of the spirit palace is quite difficult, but after casting the spirit palace, it is a natural thing to advance to the fairyland, but if you don't break through to the fairyland soul, the soul power will even retreat."

"But this spiritual palace, for you now, is like a tiger with wings."

"After you really set foot in the fairyland, your soul power will be materialized, so that you can summon the spiritual palace to fight with people and directly imprison the enemy's soul power. To a certain extent, this is your last undefeated piece. The trump card of the land." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, but the next moment, the outline of the spiritual palace did not fail like before!

"Don't be distracted!"

"focus!"

"Soul power mobilization!" Seeing this, Soul Eater couldn't help but get excited!

This Xiao Yan is simply a genius!

At the beginning, he had failed thousands of times before he succeeded in casting the Spirit Palace, but this Xiao Yan had only failed dozens of times. He seemed to have mastered the mystery, which made Soul Eater unable to help but get excited.

"Damn!" Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing, because he had experienced dozens of failures at this time, Xiao Yan vaguely found a way to outline a little bit, but this outline was too much of Xiao Yan's soul power, just outline a Layer Spirit Palace, is to transfer nearly 90% of the soul power of the Emperor Realm Heavenly Great Perfection!

With such a terrifying consumption of soul power, even Xiao Yan's expression changed drastically!

"Swallow the source of the soul!" Just when Xiao Yan was at a loss, the voice of the Soul Eater came in.

"Okay!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not dare to hesitate in the slightest, the dazzling suction force suddenly mobilized, and then the crystal silver antimony penetrating soul power of the three-eyed ghost pupil in the soul realm was absorbed crazily!

"Crash!" Absorbing the power of the soul, it was like the sound of running water, which was extremely harsh, but a rather mysterious pattern appeared in the huge soul sea at this time.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan was the huge palace that he had just outlined using nearly 90% of his soul power in his soul stone!

Spirit Palace!

And Xiao Yan, who didn't know what the spiritual palace was originally, was relieved after seeing the more solid spiritual palace!

It turns out that this so-called Ling Palace is a magnificent palace. The outside looks like crystal silver and antimony. As for the inside, it is engraved with countless mysterious runes, which is quite complicated. To store the power of the soul!

Moreover, through Xiao Yan's perception, he found out that the area of ​​this spiritual palace is so huge that it seems like it can imprison others!

Just imagine, if one is inattentive when fighting with others, the enemy is imprisoned by the spiritual palace, so that the enemy cannot use any soul power. For Xiao Yan, relying on the power of fighting qi alone is tantamount to a one-sided massacre!

However, it is a pity that this spiritual palace is only a single means of confinement. If it is a group, I am afraid that the value of the spiritual palace will be infinitely magnified.

"What do you think?"

"If the Spirit Palace can imprison group enemies, I'm afraid there will be nothing for Dou Formation Masters."

"The principle of this Spirit Palace is similar to that of the Dou Formation Master, but they both have their own strengths and weaknesses." The Soul Eater easily understood Xiao Yan's intentions, and couldn't help but scolded with laughter.

"Don't relax, you have swallowed such a bright soul source, you can't relax."

"Outline the spiritual palace in one breath," said Soul Eater Zaidu.

"Okay!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded secretly, and then, with the help of the soul source he had just swallowed, he controlled the power of the soul, and carefully outlined it in his soul realm.

It's just that even the Soul Eater and Xiao Yan themselves did not realize that at this time, on Xiao Yan's forehead, the protective circle outside the Xiao family's clan pattern was absorbing Xiao in a very greedy attitude. The soul power in the flame soul sea is only absorbed very little, and it is extremely hidden, so neither of them notices it.

"A sum of..."

"Second strokes!" Xiao Yan struggled to control the power of his soul, constantly sketching out the spiritual palace, and with each stroke Xiao Yan drew, the power of the soul in his body seemed to increase by one point.

"Boom!" The next moment, the soul stone that contained all of Xiao Yan's soul power, also because it couldn't bear such violent fluctuations, directly exploded, and then the second share of soul power directly tilted into Xiao Yan's soul realm. fused together violently.

"So strong?"

"No way, it's going to explode!" Xiao Yan originally used the three-eyed ghost pupil soul source to outline the spirit palace, and has already outlined the three layers, but unexpectedly, the soul stone suddenly shattered, and the two soul powers were like jealous enemies when they met. In the realm of souls, there is a stalemate, and in a blink of an eye, it is ready to be developed.

"Don't be afraid."

"There is no need to merge, since the three-layer spiritual palace has been outlined, then the two soul powers can be directly transported into it." The Lord of Soul Eater said calmly.

"Then let it go." Xiao Yan was also relieved, and he ignored everything else, his eyes became deep, and then two incompatible soul forces were directly merged by Xiao Yan into the half-finished spiritual palace in the soul realm.

And with Xiao Yan's outline like this, a huge palace that covers almost the entire soul realm suddenly appeared illusory. If you count it carefully, it turns out that it has nine floors!

"Boom!" A loud sound resounded throughout the Ice and Fire Island, and even a trace of fear emanated from the depths of the soul.

"Hahaha."

"Looking at the fluctuation of soul power, it is only the fairyland that can send it out. It seems that the eagle-eyed team has been killed."

"Ghost, let's go." Hun Shang directly spent tens of thousands of souls to summon the third eye of the three-eyed ghost pupil, and then directly broke through the eighth-layer guardian space, came here, and rescued the ghost.

"go!"

"This fluctuation is too violent, I'm afraid it will attract the attention of the top three-layer powerhouses in the Ice and Fire Island!" When the ghost heard the words, his face changed greatly, and then the dark ghost suddenly flickered, directly on the two of them. A crack was torn in front of them, and the two of them slipped in and disappeared.

"Is this guy's breath discovered by the two guys on the first and second floors..." In the mysterious cave on the third floor, the behemoth said helplessly after feeling the fluctuation.

"It seems that something interesting has come to our Ice and Fire Island." The second floor was completely dark, as if he could not see his fingers, and even his breath was like a demon, and he slowly let out a joke.

"Wonderland soul power..."

"It seems that it should be the guy with the three-eyed ghost pupil... But why is there a smell similar to my lord in this breath..." As for the bottom of the ice and fire island, it is also the space on the first floor, I can't bear it A rather strange sound came out, and it didn't go away for a long time.