Chapter Vol 4 1323: Weird Deputy Valley Master!

In ten days, the top three players in the first stage have all appeared, namely Mu Ge, Xiao Yan and Zhou Mi.

And everyone is also caught in nervous anticipation. Who will win the championship this time? After all, the first place is enough to obtain such wonders as the Thor Scroll. As for the remaining three-strong competition, it will be in The final vesting takes place three days later.

The night in Leijie was quite desolate, and a cool breeze reverberated in the Leijie space, making the space quite quiet.

In a quiet back garden inside the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives.

There are plants and trees everywhere, and fireflies are constantly flying, even at night, they are beautiful.

At this time, on the grass, a middle-aged man was lying lazily on it. This man had a rather gentle aura, and his delicate facial features were like a girl's. In addition, the long silver hair was matched with the rather gorgeous Clothes, at first glance, are not ordinary people.

"Squeak." With a sound, there was a crisp sound of stone breaking from the man's sleeve.

"Heimu... Has he fallen?" The figure lying lazily in the grass slowly opened his pupils and muttered to himself.

"Call."

"These guys from the Soul Race, didn't they say that they should not interfere in the affairs of our Soul Palace... In the end, I'm still worried."

"The fall of the black wood, I don't know if it will be discovered by the guys in Thunder Valley..."

"But it doesn't matter. I have been lurking in the Soul Palace for so many years, and it's time to learn about this Eastern Continent."

"I just let me live for so many years, and I didn't understand Du Qifei's life experience..."

"Her motherhood is too mysterious, and there is very little evidence to investigate..."

"Forget it, when the time comes to destroy the Forged Blade Thunder Valley, take her away and hand it over to the Palace Master to deal with him personally. With the Heavenly Power of the Palace Master, he will naturally be able to easily detect the secrets hidden in Du Qifei." The man spoke slowly.

As soon as the voice fell, the pupils were closing, but there was a terrifying black mist hidden in the pupils. This black mist was exactly the same as the breath of the soul clan.

"Vice Valley Master, Valley Master invites you to go to the knife-forging hall to discuss important matters." The next moment, on the grass, a guard from the knife-forging Thunder Valley appeared and said respectfully.

"En." The man heard the words, nodded lightly, and then the space around his body suddenly flashed with a trace of silver thunder power, and the figure of this guy disappeared out of thin air.

"Tsk tsk..."

"The strength of the Deputy Valley Master has reached the level of a half-step five-star Fighting Immortal hundreds of years ago. I don't know that it has reached various levels now..." The guard's order was conveyed, and it slowly dissipated.

Forging knife hall.

This is the place where the entire knife-forging thunder valley is dedicated to holding meetings. The entire knife-forging hall is about 100 meters in size, and a round log table stands in it. This thing is made of quite high-quality metal, which is quite expensive. In addition, the interior of the knife forging hall has been engraved with many exquisite patterns, which makes it quite solemn.

At this time, dozens of people had gathered here.

Among the dozens of people, sitting around, the first one was Du Tianhong, the current master of the Thunder Valley.

"Everyone, don't be impatient, everything will be discussed when the Deputy Valley Master arrives." After a while, Du Tianfeng, who was at the end, looked at the noisy crowd and got up and said.

"Humph!"

"Forging the wind!"

"You still have the face to say?"

"You are in charge of the first stage of the competition. How can there be strong souls entering our Thunder Realm?"

"How did you check the contestants in the first place?"

"I think you don't want to be the third head of the family!" Facing Duan Tianfeng's opening, an old man with a red face and green robe stood up, pointed at Duan Tianfeng, and yelled loudly.

"Haha, Elder Stone Forger, please be safe."

"Thunderworld inspection is strict, but the methods of the soul clan are also unfathomable. The fifth brother cannot be blamed for this matter." At this time, Duo Tianhong also got up gently and smiled at the strong people present.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

There are dozens of people present at this time, there are many three-star fighting immortals, but most of them are four-star fighting immortals, and many of them are prominent elders in the Thunder Valley of Forging Swords, and this forging stone is the most difficult one among the elders. .

"Since the Valley Master has spoken, let's wait until the Deputy Valley Master arrives." Du Shi also suppressed his anger temporarily, but he also knew that this was not Du Tianfeng's mistake.

"I'm sorry for making you wait for a long time." After a few breaths, the figure of Du Tianyan, the Deputy Valley Master, slowly appeared.

"Since everyone is here, let's start this meeting." Duan Tianhong couldn't help but smile when he saw Duan Tianyan's arrival, and then he said.

In today's Blade Forging Thunder Valley, he is the only one who is a five-star fighting immortal, and his second brother Duan Tianyan's strength is already half a step five-star fighting immortal.

But even so, the words of the Valley Master Duan Tianhong and the Vice Valley Master Duan Tianyan are absolutely convincing in the Thunder Valley of Forged Blades, because of their strength.

"In this East Continent ratio, in order to select the most outstanding disciples to go to the Four Continents to meet martial arts, we adopted three stages."

"But in this first stage, there are two external forces. According to the intelligence of the spies, these two are most likely from the soul clan."

"One of the two has been arrested by us in the prison, and the other one was trying to obliterate a contestant when the top six advanced to the top three. I haven't been seriously injured." Du Tianhong's voice was like thunder, filling the entire knife forging hall.

"Anyone arrested?"

"Why don't we know?" Many of the powerhouses present were puzzled.

"Big brother, this soul clan powerhouse, once caught and killed, shouldn't they have any tricks?" Duan Tianyan's heart and expression were like water, and there was no movement.

"The Soul Clan was supposed to be a force on the Sifang Continent of the Human Fighting Emperor. I don't know why they came to our Ghost Realm to participate in the East Continent Ratio..."

"And I always think it's not that simple..."

"Fortunately, the powerful soul clan we captured has already revealed a lot of useful information Valley Master Duo Tianhong said with a smile.

"Today's meeting is just to warn you that something like this is not easy to happen a second time, and we must put an end to it seriously."

"Do you understand?" At the last moment, Duan Tianhong's breath suddenly condensed, and he asked a group of powerhouses present.

"Yes." The strong man present also nodded secretly when he heard the words.

"Go on, the first and second stages of the competition will end in a short time, and then the third stage will be the real highlight." As soon as Du Tianhong's voice fell, the other powerhouses slowly retreated.

"Brother, I also don't think it's that simple..."

"Why don't you leave it to me to do it." Seeing that there were only two of him in the entire knife-forging hall, the Deputy Valley Master couldn't help but speak.

"Okay, I'll leave this to you, my brother, don't worry." Duan Tianhong said with a smile.

"Hey, thank you for your trust, big brother." After Duan Tianyan, the deputy valley owner, his figure disappeared strangely, obviously he was busy.

"Next, wait for the fox to leak its tail." Seeing Duan Tianyan wrap up this matter, Duan Tianhong's pressure was greatly reduced, smiling and ready to leave the knife forging hall, go down to have a good rest.

But at this time, his heart was full of joy, because Du Tianhong deliberately told them the news today, in order to find out the poisonous insects hidden in the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives, and these dozens of people are also The most suspicious! ?Plated?@?Fighting through the sky, God of Yan Emperor??T?Most?P section r?????Read.