Chapter 594: Mutation, the Gorefiend clone came!

In the void where Xiao Yan was, the blood at the bottom was left behind by the Left Guard of the Gorefiend.

At this time, the blood slowly surrounded a circle of black gas, extremely evil, exuding an extremely powerful evil force, and then tightly surrounded the space where Xiao Yan and the others were!

It's just that his method was extremely concealed and escaped the perception of Xiao Yan and the others!

In the void, the Heart Rock wrapped by the Different Fire Plaza, Long Yi admired Xiao Yan's burning determination, both of them were mainly fire attributes, so no other visions were found. As for Xiao Yan, It is adjusting the breath of the sacred flame space in the body, and in addition, the power of the different fire and the power of the sacred flame must be maintained in a balance, so I did not pay attention to the outside!

Xiao Yan didn't know why. Although he tried many times, he found that the power between the different fire and the holy flame could not be merged. Every time the two just touched, an extremely terrifying power would erupt. That's why Xiao Yan temporarily put down the idea of ​​fusion. As for the difference between the different fire and the holy flame, there seems to be something missing. At this time, Xiao Yan didn't bother to ask Xinyan, so he had to quickly grasp the skyrocketing strength and the power of the holy flame. As for the other ,tell you later!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Huhuhu!"

"It should be possible to leave now." Three days passed by minute by minute, Xiao Yan finally took back his last breath and stood up and said.

"In just a few days, you have mastered the holy flame space, and you are the first person to master my holy flame power to such an extent!"

"As for that blood demon golden energy, I've already suppressed it for you temporarily. Even I can't do anything about the evil level of this thing. I can only wait for it to be completely eliminated in the future." Xinyan said with praise.

Unexpectedly, this kid was actually corroded by the blood demon golden energy, which was something Xinyan never expected.

However, although the blood demon gold energy is extremely terrifying, it has the existence of holy flames. If you want to easily erode Xiao Yan's mind, it will be a fool's dream.

"Well, that's the only way." Xiao Yan responded, after all, if this blood demon golden energy is not resolved now, it will be a scourge sooner or later if it remains on him!

Xinyan's state at this time is similar to that of Xiaoyi, both of them are the spirit of flame, but the difference is that Xiaoyi was born because Xiao Yan fused twenty-three kinds of different fires in his body and evolved into a fire spirit, Xiaoyi's His strength will increase along with his growth, while the Spirit of Holy Flame is suppressed by Xiao Yan's power. Xinyan's strength, which is at the peak of the Dou Emperor, is suppressed only by the Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation.

However, one thing is certain is that this heart rock has an inseparable relationship with the holy flame in Xiao Yan's body.

"Let's go."

"It took a lot of time to devour the holy flame, but you don't know what's going on outside?"

"And before that sect competition, there seems to be some other interesting things." Xiao Yan waved his sleeves slowly, and suddenly an extremely hot khaki holy flame swept out, instantly facing the side of the void!

Such a feeling was evolved from Fen Jue's devouring the holy flame!

"Since we are leaving, and since this desert mountain range has submerged into the sand sea, then this place should no longer exist." Xiao Yan was about to start, but he found something.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan knew the terrifying holy flame power in his hands. Although this holy flame power was only ranked 35th, its single power was much better than Xiao Yan's combination of 23 kinds of different flames. The flames are too powerful!

"What's going on?" Long Yi seemed to have noticed something abnormal and said to Xiao Yan.

"Looks like we've all forgotten something..." Xiao Yan slowly put away the Yihuo Square, then held the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler in the palm of his hand, staring fiercely at the bloodstain on his chest!

I saw that I don't know why, the bloodstained body has been banned by Xinyan with a khaki-yellow holy flame, but the blood demon gold energy at this time seems to be alive, struggling hard!

"This?"

"Gorefiend's golden energy?" Xinyan suddenly made a surprised voice on the side. Born as a holy flame, he was extremely sensitive to this kind of evil!

"Wait, this feeling..."

"There are also evil tribes outside the territory!" The next moment, Xinyan stared at the bloodstain on Xiao Yan's chest that suddenly trembled, and suddenly spoke up!

Because Xinyan is quite clear about his own means, if only relying on this blood demon golden energy is not enough to make the seal set by himself look like this, then there is only one explanation!

There are also aliens here!

Its strength is stronger than that of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

Following the opening of Xinyan, Xiao Yan's eyes stared directly at the place in front of him where the power of the holy flame rushed!

"Come out." Xiao Yan said to the pitch-black void beside him with a calm expression.

"Susu..."

"What a brave boy." A gentle voice came from all directions.

Although the voice is gentle, the arrogant evil spirit in the voice is not concealed!

"This is……"

"Blood Demon?" Xinyan's face was extremely ugly. Hearing this voice, even he who was born as a holy flame, couldn't help but feel terrified!

"It's not a blood demon, it should be an energy clone." Xiao Yan said plainly, the hugeness of his soul allowed Xiao Yan to always find something different from ordinary people.

On Xiao Yan's body, the power of the khaki holy flame and as many as twenty-three kinds of different fires instantly emerged, surrounding Xiao Yan.

"As expected of a human who can devour holy flames."

"But today, you don't seem to be able to leave." A chuckle slowly descended, and then, at the edge of the void where Xiao Yan and the others were, an extremely evil black aura appeared instantly!

"Blood demon energy..."

"It's still golden..."

"As expected, he is the true king of the Gorefiends..." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but he didn't feel any flinch!

If it was before swallowing the holy flame, Xiao Yan might be afraid, but now it is different. With holy flame, plus the strength to reach the late six-star fighting emperor, Xiao Yan has confidence. Surrounded by this blood demon envoy, Retreat is not difficult!

But at this time, Xiao Yan had no choice!

If you don't fight, you're probably going to die!

"Heart Rock!"

"Long Yi!" Although Xiao Yan didn't know the strength of this Gorefiend's clone, he had to buy time, otherwise once the Gorefiend used some terrifying means, it would be impossible to escape!

"Okay!" Xinyan and Long Yi exchanged glances at Xiao Yan, they immediately understood the seriousness of the matter, and without hesitation, their figures exploded directly, and their body was full of vindictive energy!

"Hehe, he really is a brave boy." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, the illusory figure rushed towards Xiao Yan, the terrifying evil aura suppressed Xiao Yan's strength, and even gave Xiao Yan the Gorefiend Gold Qi brings real changes!

"Do it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate immediately, his whole body exploded, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand flashed an unusually dazzling light, attacking the blood demon emissary coming towards him!

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The first weight!"

"Second level!"

"The third level!" The majestic voice echoed in this void, and then Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire with both hands, and slashed directly at the black qi that was blowing in his face!

"It's too much." Gorefiend's black qi energy avatar said something casually, and then condensed a finger to easily resist Xiao Yan's offensive!

"Although I'm just an energy clone, if you only have this strength, you would still fall here today!" A voice of disdain emanated from the Gorefiend's clone instantly!

With the appearance of this voice, the place where the void is located is under the desert, the void collapsed instantly, and countless dust and sand spread from above!

Ask for tickets!