Chapter 77: Corpse gas!

"One minute!"

Su Xueying also bit her lips slightly, and there were crystal beads of sweat on her forehead above her beautiful eyes.

"Boom boom boom!"

The blood-red ribs of the skeleton suddenly burst out with a lot of dark brown aura like lava bubbles!

"Ferocious corpse energy?" The Golden Dragon King also exclaimed at this moment.

"It seems that the master of this relic is a bit strange, and there should be some changes after death, Xiao Yanzi be careful! Although this aura is not the evil aura of an alien race, it cannot be absorbed either!" The Golden Dragon King hurriedly said. road.

The terrifying and ferocious corpse aura emanated from the ribs of the skeleton, forming a huge group.

Although his master Jinlong King reminded him in time, Xiao Yan didn't expect the speed of this vicious corpse energy to be surprisingly fast, so he couldn't help but absorb some of it.

Just as the terrifying corpse qi entered Xiao Yan's body, it was strongly blocked by Yihuo, who tried to stop the corpse qi from continuing to invade, and the two confronted each other. The explosion broke out, almost instantly, Xiao Yan's eyes turned red, and a kind of crazy killing poured out from the bottom of his heart, trying to dispel his sanity.

However, Xiao Yan is determined after all. Even in this terrifying situation, he can still maintain a little clarity. He hurriedly ran Fen Jue, relying on the fighting spirit and the power of different fires born from Fen Jue to resist the evil that invaded his body. Corpse qi, he knew that if his mind was occupied by the vicious corpse qi at this time, I am afraid he would turn into a human-shaped puppet who only knew how to kill.

"damn it!"

Xiao Yan roared angrily in his heart, frantically resisting the erosion of that ferocious corpse aura.

He obviously didn't expect this hand to be left on the skeleton's ribs, which caught Xiao Yan off guard.

And when Xiao Yan was in great calamity because of this sudden and unpredictable disaster, Su Xueying also saw Xiao Yan who suddenly stopped, and then saw that the latter was blood red and trembling constantly, she was immediately shocked.

"Xiao Yan, what's wrong with you?" Su Xueying also asked anxiously. It is very likely that the person in front of her is the person her master said. No matter how weak or weak, Su Xueying will definitely not let him have a crisis.

"What a terrible corpse qi!" Su Xueying's pretty face also changed, and she thought to herself, "Could it be the corpse qi emanating from the ribs before? Was the body eroded by the wicked corpse qi?"

Xiao Yan's body, his defense, was under the terrifying corpse aura. Almost retreating, those scarlet vicious corpse auras, unparalleled domineering, directly attacked in a destructive way, trying to erode his will in his body.

"This corpse energy is actually so powerful!" Xiao Yan was also stubbornly resisting.

Although Yihuo is also ferocious, cold, and corpse aura, the corpse aura emitted by the emperor's strength, even if it is not as good as that of the Seven Star Doudi, will not be much weaker than this. Under the suppression of strength, the mutual resistance of attributes also became less powerful, and this was the scene of Xiao Yan's current situation.

"go!"

And just when Xiao Yan was about to be unable to bear it any longer, a melodious roar suddenly resounded in his ears.

Hearing that voice, Xiao Yan was instantly relieved.

"Have you finally recovered?" Xiao Yan also regained some sobriety with this soft shout, and then he suddenly discovered that all the ferocious energy in his body had actually left the body and went to where Su Xueying was.

The green lotus that Su Xueying stepped on with her jade feet seemed to be still condensing more powerful strength, and then her jade hand held a cyan bottle. The fierce corpse aura on the skeleton and Xiao Yan's body were immediately attracted by the bottle.

"Boom boom boom!"

The billowing cyan flames swept out from Su Xueying's body like a tide at this time, the cyan collided with the scarlet fierce corpse aura, and the two sides suddenly eroded frantically.

The trend of being conquered was finally eased.

However, before Xiao Yan could breathe a sigh of relief, Su Xueying's solemn voice sounded: "Be careful, this corpse aura is very unusual, I'm afraid I can't resist it now..."

"What?" Xiao Yan's heart trembled, even Su Xueying, who possessed Holy Flame, had such a hard time coping...

What exactly is this skeleton?

Xiao Yan was a little puzzled by this corpse qi. Obviously, this was the first time he had heard of this kind of thing, but no matter what it was, his condition was not good now.

"Boom boom boom!"

And as the two retreated, the vicious corpse aura that had already been subdued by Su Xueying's jade bottle was gushing frantically from the skeleton's ribs, and then eroded towards the two of them, at the source of the vicious corpse aura It actually made a humming sound, and then turned into a black light.

Directly under Xiao Yan's nervous gaze, he charged into his body with a monstrous aura.

"Shhhhhh!"

Inside the stone room, the sound of breaking wind rang out. Seeing this, Su Xueying also swept past, and hurriedly supported Xiao Yan, whose eyes were tightly closed, and his whole body was red.

"Damn it!" Su Xueying also supported Xiao Yan with her jade hand, and the blue flames on the Qinglian stage with powerful powers also branched out towards Xiao Yan's body, trying to dissolve the corpse qi in his body.

Just as such thoughts crossed her mind, Xiao Yan's pale face suddenly changed drastically, and he said anxiously.

"careful!"

"Boom boom boom!"

A piece of training made of ferocious corpse energy, like a flash of red lightning, suddenly swept out of the skeletons in front, and blasted away at Su Xueying as fast as lightning.

Seeing the fierce attack, Xiao Yan raised the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, only to see billowing milky white flames condensed into water waves swept out from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, forming a defensive wall in front of the two of them.

Bang!

The scarlet-red horse slammed violently on the water waves, and suddenly a powerful spiritual shock erupted. Those water waves were directly dispersed, turned into water mist, and suspended in mid-air.

Then the attack emanating from the skeleton also weakened a lot after passing through the defensive wall of different fire and water waves, but it still attacked Xiao Yan and the two with a turbulent overwhelming force!

Xiao Yan also hurriedly moved Su Xueying away when he saw that the water wave defense wall could not hold up, because he also knew that if he was touched by this attack, the consequences would be disastrous! What's more, Su Xueying can't be distracted by using the power of holy flame now, so she had to hug her and hurriedly retreat.

"Boom boom boom!"

A huge deep pit appeared in front of the two of them, and Xiao Yan looked at the jade white skeleton carefully, and the green lotus beneath Su Xueying's jade feet seemed to be condensing even more powerful power!

Xiao Yan and the others also looked very embarrassed at this time. They looked at the skeleton in front of them with ugly expressions. There, a figure like a killing **** looked at them indifferently.

Su Xueying bit her red lips tightly, and nodded her head with wet eyes. At the moment of crisis just now, Xiao Yan hugged herself, quickly backed away, and then fell outside the stone room. Only then did she dodge the attack.

Xiao Yan nervously looked at the skeleton in the stone chamber above the ribs that he had attacked.