Chapter Vol 4 1830: Soul Palace conspiracy?

"Boom!" The shocking four icy dragon corpses stood in the sky in shock, carrying black coffins that were completely suppressed and sealed, quietly falling from the eerie thunderclouds, and suspended in the sky above the Tianyuan Mountains.

Just like the real evil coffin that crawled from the abyss, it was quiet and quiet with the four dragon corpses, and could not be shaken.

"This beast!" In the altar, watching Lin Fengya act like this, the ten elders immediately looked extremely ugly, their palms could not help but squeeze tightly, and the violent aura spread out.

"Let's do it, no matter what today, I want to bring this rebellious beast to justice for the emperor!" As they spoke, a tyrannical wave was permeating the ten people's bodies.

"Hold on, elders..." Princess Lin Yunshu interrupted after seeing the ten people act like this.

"His Royal Highness, you should protect yourself at this time. For the rest of the time, when we subdue the disruptors of the royal family, we will naturally have the emperor crown you personally." Tiger Lao obviously preferred the princess and smiled.

"Lin Fengya imprisoned his father's soul and tortured his father. This matter is definitely not easy, and with the secret collusion with the Soul Palace, I think this matter will trouble him." Lin Yunshu frowned slightly. , looking at Xiao Yan.

"This is?" Following the princess's gaze, everyone looked at the only black-robed man beside the princess with great puzzlement.

"Xiao Yan, the owner of the Endless Fire Territory, is an old rival to the Soul Palace." Xiao Yan took off his black robe, revealing his true colors.

"Endless Fire Territory?"

"A new force in the Xuanling Continent?" Xiao Yan reported himself to his family, but these old guys hesitated. They naturally knew about the Endless Fire Territory, but there was still a big gap for them, so they didn't let it go. on the heart.

"Ladies and gentlemen, Lin Fengya's purpose is also very clear. What he wants is not only the power of the stars on the princess, but also the entire Tianxing Continent."

"And in addition to the collusion with the Soul Palace, the power has skyrocketed. Now that he dares to act so blatantly, it shows that this guy has absolute reliance."

"And I think that in the entire King City and Sky Star City, there should be quite a few strong people who have already been controlled by them." Xiao Yan spoke softly, his voice flat.

"How is that possible?" Just as Xiao Yan's voice fell, Hu Lao's face changed greatly, a rare cold light appeared in his eyes, and an invisible energy ripple suddenly spread, and in the blink of an eye, most of the entire Tianyuan Mountains were shrouded. .

"Hu Lao?" Looking at Hu Lao's actions, the other nine asked together.

"..." Hu Lao didn't respond, but kept increasing his senses, but it seemed that in the mountains, some land and trees were filled with a strange aura that had never been seen before.

"Let us leave the matter of the Soul Hall to us. I am afraid that the remaining four dragons will be in trouble for the elders." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"The crisis in the Tianxing Continent, please, your Excellency. After the matter is completed, the Tianxing Continent will always be your ally."

"Let's go!" Just after finishing speaking, the ten elders headed by Hu Lao, with their wood-attribute auras flickering and rising, suddenly floated with the wind, facing the four dragon lock coffins above the sky.

"Hey!" Just when the ten people moved, just above the altar that was already vacant, a gloomy flickering brown flame enveloped the entire altar.

"Let's go!" At this time, Xiao Yan's body rose with flames, and suddenly met those extremely difficult brown flames.

"Gululu!" With the help of Xiao Yan, the ten elders went to the four dragon lock coffins smoothly, but at this time, on the dark and cold four dragon lock coffins, each dragon corpse had a corpse on its back. A powerful seven-star fighting immortal, and Lin Fengya stood on the black coffin with awe-inspiring eyes.

"Father...it won't be long before you will completely become a member of my subordinates, and then you will be able to live forever, free from birth, old age, sickness and death, and you will still be able to see the Tianxing Continent reach its true peak under my leadership. !"

"Hahaha!" A crazy voice sounded against the black coffin, and at this time above the black coffin, the illusory soul of the emperor had been entangled by countless white ribbons, and countless ghostly ghosts were squirming around him, and something was happening. Mutation.

This should be regarded as some kind of evil technique. It uses the human soul as a guide to refine the soul slave. Once the soul slave succeeds, it will seize the body and take over the body. It's getting worse.

"Come out..." Stopping the brown flames, Xiao Yan stared coldly at a place in the void of the altar, where there were traces of black air seeping out, and the black air was filled with an extremely evil smell. .

Even Xiao Yan discovered that above this brown flame, a terrifying evil force that was different from normal flames permeated out.

That smell seems to be like holy flame.

"Xiao Yan in the Endless Fire Territory... worthy of being the guy named by the hall master to take care of." After a while, the black gas transformed into a figure, and the figure's face was mixed with a vicious evil intent, a fierce and fiery expression. His eyes were locked on Xiao Yan.

"The powerhouse of the Soul Palace?" Lin Yunshu was also surprised when he saw this, smelling an extremely dangerous aura from this guy.

"Introduction, the subordinates of Hall Master Huangtang of Soul Hall... Soul Jianghai!" At the same time, a black vortex emerged from behind Soul Jianghai like a hellish devil's mouth, and was continuously releasing countless dark evil energy, polluting the entire altar extremely turbid.

"Seven Stars Fighting Immortals..." Xiao Yan looked at the slightly wriggling black vortex, his pupils shrank abruptly his complexion became completely cold, and a faint light flashed from the Henggu ruler behind him. Contains monstrous murderous intent.

"This time, thanks to the idiot Lin Fengya, let the army of my soul hall descend, and the elites of my soul hall will come out and blood wash the Tianxing Continent!"

"Susu!" Soul Jianghai roared, and in the black vortex, countless ghosts and ghosts emerged rapidly, and immediately spread out around the black vortex!

In just a short moment, those scenes were as huge and shocking as ten thousand ghosts were dispatched, and the aura formed in them shook the mountains, making it suffocating!

"I'll hold it here, princess, go to the emperor's bedroom first." Xiao Yan muttered as he watched the terrifying aura of the soul river sea in front of him, and the countless soul palace powerhouses emerging from the black vortex toward the Tianyuan Mountains.

"But..." Lin Yunshu had already cast a burst of stars on his body, ready to join forces with Xiao Yan to obliterate Soul Jianghai.

"Come on, there's no time left!"

"When I'm done with this, I'll pick you up!"

"Their purpose is your entire royal family. After eradicating the emperor and then removing the royal family, the Sky Star Continent will also become their possession. I'm afraid even Lin Fengya didn't expect this." Xiao Yan With a cold snort, the bright wind directly sent Princess Lin Yunshu away from here.

At this time, waiting for Xiao Yan, there are tens of thousands of giant soul palace powerhouses.