Chapter Vol 4 2101: Can't handle one hit? A great gift for you!

An hour passed in a blink of an eye. After the rest, Xiao Yan and Shen Hong's bodies were submerged in the empty Yaogu Mountains. The two stepped into the sky and faced each other. Obviously, their strength has now recovered by 90%. However, the cold and piercing killing intent on the two of them made countless people become vigilant. It seems that this time the two will become a real life-and-death struggle.

Shen Hong and Xiao Yan have had some grudges for a long time, plus they are eager to be the champion of Xiao Yan, so this battle must be a death battle!

"I don't know how confident you are standing here." Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with a hint of amber flame, and he spoke slowly, as if in his eyes, Shen Hong had no qualifications to fight him head-on.

too weak.

He was so weak that Xiao Yan didn't need to use other powers, just fighting wherever he went, the hostile aura on his body was enough to scare away countless provocateurs.

"..." Shen Hong did not respond, but was quietly brewing something, and a mysterious and sacred force within his body was also slightly touched.

"This farce, let's stop as soon as possible, I'm tired." Xiao Yan stood quietly on top of the void and looked at Shen Hong who was unmoved.

"Xiao Yan...you are very strong."

"Whether it is combat power or refining technology."

"But it's not your turn to sit for the number one position in this continent!!!" After blinking, Shen Hong pretended to be a sneer, and there was a hint of madness in his eyes, even if he knew that he In the end, he also wanted to try his best.

Because of those things, even if he finally broke the rules and got kicked out, it would be better than being taken away by Xiao Yan.

"Boring, let's end this farce early."

"Fighting Soul!"

"The Feather of Ten Thousand Souls!" Xiao Yan also sensed the strange power that suddenly emerged from Shen Hong's body, and roared immediately.

"Weng buzzing!" The voice just fell, and the bright gray flame sparrow shadow attached to Xiao Yan like an energy shackle. In the blink of an eye, the flame feathers composed of countless gray flames turned into a rain of fire feathers all over the sky. Shooting towards Shen Hong, the feathers not only contained the terrifying flame power of the Undying Nether Sparrow King, but also the venom power of the Netherworld Flame Python. Both of them seemed extremely tyrannical under the blessing of the two powers. Xiandu is easy enough to penetrate, not to mention Shen Hong's strength is only a seven-star level.

"Zizzizi, what a terrifying method, you lost to him, it's not wrong." Hunxuzi in the distance looked at Hunmu beside him with vigilance and shook his head.

The power that Xiao Yan showed from the beginning to the end, even if he had a trace of heart palpitations, but their Soul Clan and Soul Palace are completely different, naturally they have no idea about Xiao Yan, I don't know if they intended this or there are other reasons.

"Wan Yan Slash!" Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, Shen Hong's pressure increased greatly, and fiery red flames appeared all over his body, forming an incomparably fierce flame slash in front of his chest, and suddenly waved at Xiao Yan. Go, aggressive, rather terrifying.

"What the **** is this Shen Hong doing?" The senior leaders of the ancient races, such as the old Lingxi, were puzzled.

"Little bastard, my Yan clan will definitely be at odds with your ancient clan and the Endless Fire Territory!"

"Wait!" Ancestor Yanyun, who was restrained and suppressed, gritted his teeth and said coldly. If this guy goes back, with the background of the Yan clan, the Endless Fire Territory may face some problems, although the current Endless Fire Territory is also Don't be afraid.

"Boom!" The gorgeous gray fire feathers easily defused Shen Hong's attack, the gorgeous flames attacked his limbs, and the fierce suffocation made Shen Hong's bloodline cold, and countless fighting intentions were at this moment. Total collapse, disintegration.

Shen Hong only felt that the person standing in front of him was no longer a human being, but a giant standing in the sky, eternal and invincible!

"Pfft!" As soon as he was hit by Xiao Yan's attack like this, Shen Hong's whole body was stagnant, and he was obviously dying.

"Go away." Xiao Yan shook his head, not killing him. Quan regarded it as the last chance for Shen Hong, and immediately prepared to leave here and return to Xun'er without looking back.

Now that the alchemy clan festival is over, after finishing the remaining things here, they will go back to the ancient clan and the endless fire domain. With the title of the first alchemist in Xiao Yan Continent, Xiao Yan believes that in the near future, endless The illustrious name of the Fire Territory will be passed on to the entire Dou Di Continent, and even the Great Thousand Worlds.

"Xiao Yan, do you think I'll let you go so easily?" Seeing Xiao Yan's light footsteps leaving, Shen Hong's body trembled uncontrollably. Inside his body, there was a soft milky white light. Halo, like energy ripples slowly spread out.

The milky white halo is like the first ray of afterglow in the early morning. It contains endless sacred power. It has just emerged, and it immediately spreads out to the four Medicine Valley Mountains. It seems that there is some kind of terrifying power. It is using this light as a carrier, slowly entering here.

"This is not your strength." At this moment, Xiao Yan also felt a sharp fluctuation, and immediately frowned, stopped moving, and his eyes locked directly on Shen Hong.

I don't know why, the energy Shen Hong is showing now, even if it is himself, has a taste of heart palpitations.

"Of course it's not my power... But it's enough to kill you and others!"

"Light Curtain Blade!"

"Give me annihilation of this humble human being in front of me, I want him to kneel at my feet and let him know what will happen if he offends and provokes me!" At this moment, Shen Hong roared hysterically, with a mighty momentum, like a thunderous explosion. out.

"Squeak." Shen Hong's voice just fell, and under the cover of his attack, countless light curtain energy ripples slowly built some special space bridges, and in front of Shen Hong, an ancient scroll of Baizhi revealed endless the divine power.

"This is... a light-attribute attack scroll in the Holy See?"

"Just looking at the fluctuation of this level, the power is probably no less than that of an ordinary intermediate-level immortal art." In the altar mountain below, the old monster Shen Xi frowned. Obviously, what Shen Hong has done now has exceeded his expectations. Take control.

"Old Monster Shen Xi Why is there a Holy See scroll on Shen Hong?"

"You are cheating for personal gain!"

"You are provoking the might of my Yao clan!!!" Seeing the light scroll of the sky stretched out, Yao Xuanyi did not care about Xiao Yan's safety, and a terrifying aura of accountability showed.

The relationship between the Medicine Clan and the Holy See is like water and fire, this is a well-known thing, this Shen Hong actually blatantly cast the Holy See attack scroll in the medicine world?

The scrolls in the Holy See have their own flavor of power, and many strong people can tell at a glance.

"No...it must be a misunderstanding."

"Masters, don't get angry, I will definitely give you a perfect explanation after I arrest him!" At this moment, Old Monster Shen Xi finally panicked. He didn't even know about this matter from the beginning to the end. He didn't dare to stop, he could only move towards the Medicine Valley Mountains.

"He...he is this?" Shen Yi, who was on the side, muttered and said, and there was an extremely terrifying horror in his voice, as if he was extremely afraid of Shen Hong's next move!