Chapter 29: The truth about the murder of the Mu family!

Xiao Yan also looked at the smiling Golden Dragon King in surprise.

Yes, at that time, my master used his own hands to get rid of the ghost, and when he was collecting some scattered souls, the master seemed to find something, but Xiao Yan was too weak at that time and forgot.

Now, after Shizu said this, I suddenly got a strong interest. I wanted to come to the level of the man in black who said that the Mu family had meddled with things that shouldn't be touched, and that so-called shouldn't be touched. Things are not ordinary things.

"Is this what the man in black said?" Xiao Yan also stared blankly at the pitch-black scroll.

"Yes, this is what the man in black said, and at the same time I think it was the thing that caused the Mu Family to be destroyed." The Golden Dragon King said slowly.

In this world, there are countless strange things in the world, but everyone knows the ideal of innocence and guilt. If you have treasures and are known to others without sufficient strength, it will only attract others to hunt and kill, like the Mu family. There are so many.

"Hold it, you can try to open it with all your strength." The Golden Dragon King threw the pitch-black scroll to Xiao Yan, obviously wanting him to comprehend it himself.

In Xiao Yan's hand, there was an inexplicable force that was terrifyingly passed down from the scroll, but when Xiao Yan wanted to open it, he couldn't open it no matter what!

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also knew the extraordinaryness of this scroll, but he was not helpless, and immediately turned his huge soul power towards the scroll.

"Touch!" A slight vibration came from Xiao Yan's hand. Obviously, Xiao Yan's soul power just now failed. In other words, the pitch-black scroll in Xiao Yan's hand actually repelled Xiao Yan's soul power. There are only two possibilities!

One is that the soul power of the person who made this scroll is much stronger than Xiao Yan's, and Xiao Yan's soul power is not enough, so he can't open the scroll. There is also a need for a special method to open!

Xiao Yan was also a character who refused to admit defeat, and then Xiao Yi summoned it, and the flames devoured the scroll away.

"Boom boom boom!" The pitch-black scroll let the scorching flames bake without any response!

"This?" Xiao Yan also looked at the Golden Dragon King helplessly at this time. This was the first time such an unheard of phenomenon, how could there be such a scroll, Xiao Yan wondered in his heart.

"Okay, don't be depressed. If this scroll was easily resolved by you now, it would not be targeted by the demons." The Golden Dragon King also saw that Xiao Yan was helpless, so he said.

"Master, is there any way for you to open this scroll?" Xiao Yan looked at the Golden Dragon King and asked. I think it should be possible to deal with this scroll with the power of my master.

"Yes, yes, but if I open it up, the great opportunity in this will not belong to you." After speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan with a smile.

"Ah? A big chance?" Xiao Yan was at a loss at this time, this scroll could not be opened, what was the big chance that the master said.

"Okay, don't complain, it's normal that this scroll can't be opened, because opening this scroll requires the power of a holy flame."

"So we have to prepare the medicinal pill that devours the holy flame first."

"Seven Flame Flowers, Xu Shengdan, Blood Spirit Ice Liquid."

"Furthermore, from my experience, this scroll should be an inheritance left by a supreme power." The Golden Dragon King said slowly.

"Do you need holy flame to open it?"

"Inheritance?" Xiao Yan stared at the pitch-black scroll in front of him, and the corners of his mouth couldn't help closing.

"Then we'll go look for the holy flame when it's settled here. With a holy flame, plus the strange fire on your body, something very interesting will definitely happen." The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan maliciously. .

For some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that he kept falling into the path that the Golden Dragon King designed for him.

"Okay, don't be depressed, boy, there are still things you need to solve now."

"You forgot Guben Peiyuan Pill?" The Golden Dragon King said slowly.

"I'm really curious about the secret of Qing Yuan that you are so optimistic about." Xiao Yan listened to the Golden Dragon King holding Qing Yuan, and he also understood that with his own master's eyes, he would definitely not deceive himself, but that Qing Yuan What secret is there in Yuan, Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder.

"If that's the case, let's go out." Xiao Yan stood up and cleaned up the dust on his body, then put on his back some pitch-black Eternal Fire Ruler, and slowly walked towards the stone outside.

"Huh! The sunlight is really warm." Xiao Yan had just come out of the stone room, it was already morning outside, and the rays of sunlight shone on Xiao Yan's body, causing Xiao Yan, who had been cultivating, to feel his body for a while. easy.

"Young Master Xiao, you're out of the gate."

"Miss instructed the youngest to wait for the young master here, and take the young master there after he is out of the gate." A girl who looked more delicate said respectfully to Xiao Yan.

"Then Lao will lead the way." Xiao Yan also smiled politely at the young woman.

On the path of the ghost, the maid led Xiao Yan to the hall.

"Young Master Xiao is really young and promising. No wonder the young lady is so fascinated by him." The maid looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"What does Gu Liang mean?" Xiao Yan was also at a loss at this time, not knowing why the maid in front of him said this to him.

"Ah, Young Master Xiao took the liberty, but isn't it obvious? It's rare to see a young lady being so tempted by a man these years." The maid said slowly.

Xiao Yan was also shocked when he heard it, and obviously understood why Yueru asked that before her retreat.

"Hey, there are so many infatuated people in the world, I already have a family, I'm afraid I can only live up to Miss Yue's good intentions." Xiao Yan thought to himself. To be honest, Xiao Yan is not a person who is not a promiscuous person. He is just a simple friend to Yueru. How can I know that it will be such a relationship, it is really a headache.

She followed the maid into the family hall, where Yueru and Yueyu were discussing something.

"Little friend Xiao Yan has left?"

"It seems that the strength of this retreat has increased again." Yue Yu laughed. Obviously, under the strength of the Yue Family Patriarch Five-Star Dou Di, Xiao Yan still finds it difficult to hide his strength.

"It's a fluke." But that's okay, Xiao Yan also laughed.

"During the days when little friend Xiao Yan was in retreat, that young lady Qingyuan woke up once, but she has been in a coma since then. Even if we hired a lot of doctors, it was really impossible."

"However, there are traces of the emperor-level dragon demon core."

"It is said that the ruins of the beast are about to be opened, and it is rumored that the emperor-level dragon demon core is also in it." Yue Yu sat on the main seat and looked at Xiao Yan.

"The remains of monsters?"

"What is that?" Xiao Yan was also new to the ramp, so he couldn't help but ask a few more questions.

​​