Chapter Vol 4 1599: Ling Yu's power in the domain, re-enacted!

"Boom!" Above the three shocking magic pillars, countless tyrannical imprisoned and sealed powers were their predecessors, and they quickly attacked Xiao Yan.

"Damn... it's still a little short." After a while, two flames quietly permeated above Xiao Yan's head, but now the two holy flames and the eyes of staring are still fighting each other, and they have not merged.

"The khaki... cyan?"

"Er Duo Shengyan? How is that possible..." At this time, Ling Yu, who had won the ticket, shrank his pupils tightly and lost his voice. With his perception, he could easily know what kind of terrifying power it contained.

"If it doesn't melt at this time, when will it wait!"

"Give me a fusion!" Just when the three demon-suppressing pillars came to Xiao Yan's body 100 meters, Xiao Yan's voice was like a touch of thunder, his pupils suddenly opened, and he shouted.

Xiao Yan had been neutralizing and mediating the power of Holy Flame before. After all, the power of Holy Flame was too extreme and its destructive power was too strong. Once it was easily merged into the Eye of Gaze, it would only end in failure.

The next moment, as Xiao Yan opened his mouth, the two flames were like elves, the violent aura was completely purified, and immediately fell into the two pure pupils. , emerged quietly.

"Look at the holy flame pupil!" With a loud shout, two strange pupils flashing with khaki fire and cyan flame, slowly crossed the sky, and attacked the three incomparably huge anti-magic pillars.

"Boom!" As soon as the two touched, fierce sparks shot out, and immediately in this already embarrassed space, Yu Du was hit hard by the attack of the two.

"This guy is really beyond my expectations." Seeing this, the Soul Eater, who was suppressing the Demon Emperor Siye everywhere in the sky, couldn't help laughing. Obviously, this guy Xiao Yan has both his temperament and talent. It is the best choice, and it is not impossible to cultivate it well in the future and become the next generation of Soul Eater.

"That's... two?" Luo Menglan had already come to the top of the water prison at this time, watching the sky staring at the holy flame pupil and the three town magic pillars intertwined, the gray light in the body suddenly became strange, as if Dignity was provoked, trying to compete with it.

"Bang bang bang!" The hot flames scattered with indescribable terrifying power, and at this time, one of the three demon-suppressing pillars had collapsed, leaving only two remaining.

"This kid, as Lord Si Ye said, is a terrifying enemy of foreign evil clan and sin..."

"So this time, I can't stay!" At this moment, the dazzling power of Ling Yu's whole body was injected into the remaining two magic pillars, but under that foot, a wave of red waves slowly spread out like a tide. , like the taste of the field.

"Boom!"

"Break it to me!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and the dazzling fighting spirit supported the transmission of Shengyan. With the addition of soul power, staring at Shengyan's pupils stood in an invincible position, not to mention two Holy flame was added to the Soul Interference Fighting Technique, and that kind of power increased exponentially.

"Boom boom boom!" Suddenly, a deafening explosion sounded, and the two demon-suppressing pillars were also completely shattered, and the light staring at the holy flame pupil was dim, but its power was not diminished, and it was still blasting at the void where Ling Yu was located. Shoot away!

There is no need to doubt, if such a dazzling power really hits Ling Yu, I am afraid that he will have to peel off his skin even if he doesn't die.

"I have to admit that you are very strong, but I have encountered the most difficult one among the four-star fighting immortals."

"However, do you know why I, Ling Yu, are the only geniuses in the Earth Spirit Academy throughout the ages?" Noticing the scorching heat, Ling Yu didn't feel any panic, instead he looked at Xiao calmly. Yan said.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"What is this fluctuation?" After Xiao Yan stared at Sheng Yan Tong, the aura in his body weakened for a while. After adding the flame swallowing technique and the first transformation of the Dragon God, the time reached the limit, and now Xiao Yan is only in a weak state. The four-star Douxian early stage powerhouse.

"Let's see... what real power is!"

"What is the real field!"

"And... what is the first genius of the underground courtyard!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Ling Yu couldn't help laughing.

"Hey!" As Ling Yu's voice just fell, the fiery red energy immediately enveloped the two bodies like a tidal wave.

"Domain!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly and lost his voice.

"The power of the domain, re-engraved!" In an instant, with the formation of this red domain, Ling Yu suddenly burst out laughing.

"Shabu Shabu!" Ling Yu's voice just fell, and suddenly in the red domain, countless red flames suddenly emerged from the bottom of the domain, and then slowly shot towards Ling Yu's side.

"What power is this?"

"The power of the domain?" Xiao Yan felt incredible when he heard the words, but when this domain first appeared, Xiao Yan's strength was clearly suppressed to the half-step four-star Dou Xian level, and even the flame power in his body was suppressed not small, enough to see tyranny in this field. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Xuuuu!" Countless fiery red flames gathered around Ling Yu, and Xiao Yan staring at Sheng Yan Tong also came to him at this time, and the terrifying destructive power was about to explode.

"Crash!" But a strange scene appeared. Just as Sheng Yantong was about to explode in front of Ling Yu, he was suddenly entangled by the fiery red flame, and immediately lost his attack power.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the fiery red flame was flickering, and the staring holy flame pupil, which was enough to kill Ling Yu, lost all power and turned into two rather calm pupils, which suddenly shattered in the next moment.

"How is it possible..." Xiao Yan swallowed the pill to recover his vindictive energy, and stared at this sudden scene, unable to help but lose his voice.

This staring at the holy flame is full of his own soul power and the power of two holy flames. How could it be wiped out by a guy with the power of an alien race?

"Susu..."

"The power of Fire Heart Tianyan and Ghost Face Soul Flame, you are really amazing."

"If that's the case, then I'll accept it all without hesitation!"

"Hahaha!" Crazy laughter filled the entire fiery red domain, and at this time, the fiery red flame that had been born in the domain was also shaking slowly, dancing like a female family member. Terrifying things are about to be born.

"Back to you!"

"The re-engraved version of staring at Saint Flame Eyes!" After a few breaths, the fiery red flames dissipated abruptly, but in front of Ling Yu, two strange pupils, also flashing with khaki flames and cyan flames, quietly appeared.

"Guru." Xiao Yan swallowed his saliva with difficulty, and immediately a strong crisis emerged.

This Ling Yu is as strong as the four-star Dou Xian perfection level, and he has the power to recreate the domain and the domain, but it is rude to say that this guy is definitely the most tyrannical existence Xiao Yan has encountered so far!