Chapter Vol 4 2108: Against the Faithful, Conspiracy or Order? ...

In the sky, the pentagram array shattered with a bang. It used to be so magnificent, sacred and majestic.

However, it was completely disintegrated by the random blow of the demon Xiao Yan. That feeling was as if everyone in the adjudication group had gathered all their strength to build the Heavenly God Array, but it was completely destroyed by Xiao Yan!

With a touch of despair, collapse appeared in the eyes of many cultivators of the adjudication group. As early as when Xiao Yan broke the pentagram, they were defeated.

The defeat is so complete, so thorough.

Even looking at the endless demonic evil brilliance on Xiao Yan's body, they were actually questioning the divine power of the angel, and everything became blurred.

"Xiao Yan!" Liu Hao, who had won the lottery, couldn't help roaring as he watched the jury lose so quickly.

Although he had long expected that the demon's strength was extraordinary, he had never imagined that the demon Xiao Yan would actually be so tyrannical?

The jury is composed of the elites in the Holy See. After joining forces, it is enough to fight against the reincarnation powerhouse. How could it be so vulnerable?

"Three, we are here." At this moment, old Lingxi and Yao Wan stepped out in one step, intercepting the three who were trying to attack.

"Hill, you go." Above Austin's body, a Sanskrit sound emerged, and everyone was intercepted suddenly, and then Liu Hao and Liu Hao stood silently.

"This guy is very strong, and the power on his body is the first time I've seen it." After Hill finished speaking, his body jumped and burst into an arc of light.

Hill looks like an old-fashioned bell, a middle-aged man, plus the power of the late Eight Star Fighting Immortal and the position of a believer, revealing an extremely terrifying fluctuation.

"Whoosh!" On the other side, Xiao Yan would not let these cultivators of the adjudication group go.

Xiao Yan stomped his foot, and countless voids suddenly shattered, and some weak cultivators foamed at the mouth and fell into a state of near death.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's body disappeared, and when Du appeared, he was already in front of several leaders of the jury.

"In your next life, don't be a dog of the Holy See... It's disgusting." As he spoke, waves of evil dark green liquid rippled out, and in the center, a magic shadow wrapped in dark green energy burst out. !

Evil forces gathered into fists, countless eerie and eerie breaths emerged, and a wave of death, accompanied by that evil fist that was enough to blast the world, fell on the chests of these monk leaders one after another!

"Bang bang bang!" The dark green energy rushes like blood, and it burns violently like a flame. Countless energy spreads, rendering the entire sky like a forest of hell!

"Devil, don't make trouble!" In an instant, looking at the collapsed army of the Judgment Corps, Hill's figure slowly descended, looking down at all beings like a savior.

"Die." Xiao Yan didn't bother to talk to Hill, with endless dark green demon power on his fists, gushing out like a spring ready to go!

"Defense...defense!" The cultivators who were the leaders of the adjudication group felt this unprecedented power and tried to defend with the sacred power of light, but couldn't the power of demons be able to resist with their weak power?

They crossed their hands to form a cross against the chest, and countless light ripples emerged, but after Xiao Yan's fist attack, the entire chest was completely pierced, the body flickered, and the chest and body were extremely inconsistent. hundreds of meters!

His chest suddenly exploded, smashed directly, his heart shattered, and the rest of his body exploded back hundreds of meters like lightning, icy and stiff. This attack was powerful and extremely terrifying.

Dozens of jury members, none of them were spared!

The chest was shattered, the body and spirit were destroyed, and the body was shot back hundreds of meters by the devil's evil power, apparently dead.

"This guy... is too scary?"

"All the members of the Holy See Judgment Group were all destroyed by one punch?" Seeing Xiao Yan's merciless killing intent, the powerhouse below finally realized what it meant to kill without blinking an eye.

This guy in front of him is still the number one pharmacist in the mainland. This kind of fighting power and this kind of courage is clearly a living devil!

"The jury... annihilated."

"Xiao Yan, that's fine." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, there was a hint of emotional fluctuation in Hill's calm eyes.

At this time, Xiao Yan's body suddenly swelled dozens of times compared to the original human appearance, his teeth became twisted, and the fangs were ferocious like beasts. The lips became dry and purple, revealing endless bewitching!

On the face, there are some extremely evil dark green lines, flickering like a source of power. This power is the pattern of the devil. The exquisite lines carved by the devil's power contain endless evil!

The sometimes crazy and sometimes sarcastic look in his pupils indicates that he is different from humans!

Independent and independent, kill decisively!

He is a demon, a new species above all things, a new power!

Xiao Yan leaned along the bodies of these monks who had been completely attacked by his own demonic power. The body was still shrouded in demonic clothes, and the demonic power lingered for a long time.

Looking at the cold and stiff bodies under his feet, a frantic smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and then he looked at the second believer Hill, who was running from a distance, with a contemptuous look!

It seems to be deliberately provocative!

"The so-called Holy See doesn't seem to be as great as it is rumored to be?"

"First is the parade angel, then the jury, who will be next?" The demon Xiao Yan licked his dry purple lips, looking very sinister and charming, as if his random actions would cause uproar.

"This kind of power should not appear."

"So this time, I will judge you here!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Hill's eyes were bright, and there was a divine aura in his eyes!

"Angel Wings!" With a cold snort, along with the high-pitched Sanskrit sound, milky white energy descended from the sky, wrapping Hill. At the same time, the demon power in the whole world was slowly suppressed.

"Another...an angel again!" Looking behind Hill, a pair of pure white energy wings were squirming slightly, converging, the demon Xiao Yan's expression suddenly turned hideous, and waves of anger that could no longer be suppressed swept out!

Angels and demons are enemies!

Even if Xiao Yan has already controlled the power of the devil, after Hill used the angel wings, the power of the devil in Xiao Yan's body actually has the momentum of being out of control?

"Squeak!" Xiao Yan's eyes were stern, and he suddenly stepped on those icy bodies.

"Angel Wings!"

"Angel, holy grace, help me kill the devil!" The angel's wings had not yet formed, but Hill's body was full of divine light, and the milky white energy was like an energy ring, and suddenly blasted towards Xiao Yan!

At this time, Xiao Yan was clearly showing signs of losing control. Immediately, the dark green evil power in his eyes subsided, replaced by a scarlet killing intent!

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan raised his arm, the milky white energy ring was instantly shattered, and he looked at Hill with a twisted face.

"Angel Wings, add your body!" After about a minute of touching, the angel's wings took shape, and Hill's power directly broke through the current stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, and directly soared to the Eight-Star Dou Xian Consummation. Even a strong person who has truly stepped into the reincarnation can be killed again!

"What a mere two-winged angel!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and immediately raised his head to look up, his eyes fixed on the mighty Hill above the sky.

After the rest, the demon Xiao Yan's eyes slowly noticed that the angel wings behind Hill, although there were only one pair or two, were not the milky white he had ever seen before, and even the oppression they brought was unprecedented. tyranny.

It's... purple! !

A pair of two-winged angels, but above their wings, there are one white and one purple!

The white angel feathers suppressed themselves as usual, but the purple angel wings contained a different kind of power!

Purple angel wings?