Chapter Vol 4 991: News from Blood River Pond!

"It's finally resolved." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying both took a deep breath, then looked at the evil star in front of him disappearing indifferently, and then laughed.

"Let's go, let's go down first." Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan looked at each other, the two of them put away the holy flame crystal, and then swept away directly below.

"The guy just now, if it's not what I expected, he should be one of the four apostles among the Gorefiends." As soon as he came to the ground, Yanchi immediately opened his mouth. A clue was found in some of the tone of voice.

"The Four Great Apostles of the Gorefiends?" Xiao Yan suddenly became puzzled when he heard the words. Although he knew that the one who just occupied the body of Tianxing was indeed a strong man of the Gorefiends, he knew very little about the information about the evil races outside the realm.

"I don't know, I don't blame you."

"I was arrested by the Xuanling royal family at the beginning, and it is very likely that the Gorefiends were interfering with it, so naturally I knew something." Yan Chi said.

"I wonder what the overall strength of this Gorefiend is?" This was what Xiao Yan was most concerned about.

The first thing Xiao Yan encountered was the Gorefiends. Naturally, he wanted to wipe out this race.

"The Gorefiends, among the extraterrestrial evil races, can at most hover in the middle of the pack."

"Among the Gorefiends, the Gorefiend is the patriarch with the strongest strength. It is said that he has the power to fight immortals with humans. As for the Gorefiend, there are two messengers left and right of the Gorefiend. The strengths are all around the human Dou Emperor's consummation, and below that, there are the four great apostles, and the strength of the four great apostles ranges from the human eight-star Dou Emperor to the nine-star Dou Emperor." Yan Chi said.

"I see."

"Thinking about it carefully, I have now killed one of the four apostles of the Gorefiend, and one of the Gorefiend's left and right envoys. The current strength is also clear at a glance." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"what?"

"You killed one of the Gorefiend's left and right envoys?" Yan Chi's body was shocked when he heard the words, because only when he reached his level, would he know the terrifyingness of the evil tribe outside the realm, so Xiao Yan said so, and immediately let him Yan Chi was surprised.

"Could it be the guy in the desert mountain range who obtained the holy flame?" Mu Yingying, who was on the side, was told this by Xiao Yan, and she suddenly remembered something.

"Exactly." Xiao Yan said with a free and easy smile.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's really hidden." Yan Chi couldn't help but admire.

"Okay, that's it, let's take a step by step."

"The top priority now is to go to that place first." Yan Chi continued.

"That place?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Blood River Pond."

"A very magical place."

"The Blood River Pond can not only heal some of the dark diseases in my body, but also can use the mystery of the Blood River Pond, plus the two dead blood ghost liquid in your hand, to temper your body strength, so that only eight blood vessels are born in its body. The power of death only possessed by the strong Star Dou Emperor."

"It can be said to kill two birds with one stone." Yan Chi said with a smile.

"It turns out that this thing is the dead blood ghost liquid, no wonder I feel familiar." Xiao Yan said to himself, naturally he smelled a familiar smell from the dead blood ghost liquid.

"Yingying, this one is for you." Xiao Yan just finished speaking, and one of the two dead blood ghost liquid was thrown directly at Mu Yingying.

"This..." Mu Yingying naturally knew the preciousness of the dead blood ghost liquid, and was surprised by Xiao Yan's actions.

"You just accept it. One person can only take one. If two go into the body, it will undoubtedly be wasted." Yan Chi said with a smile.

"Yes." Mu Yingying immediately put it away without any hesitation after hearing the words.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Xiao Yan suddenly smiled when he heard this.

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, the speed of the four figures soared, and they swept towards a certain mountain.

When the four of them just disappeared, a few people and horses also appeared slowly, all of them were wearing exquisite swords to varying degrees, and it was obvious that they were strong swordsmen.

"Senior brother, it is indeed the breath of a headless ghost, but looking at the remaining traces, it seems that it has been wiped out." There were also four figures, one of them lightly grabbed into the void, and suddenly a few An invisible ghostly energy emerged.

If Xiao Yan were here, he would definitely recognize them. This figure was clearly Song Yue and Hong Qian from Wanjianmen. The strength of the two had already reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Emperor. As for the leader of the two, their strength was even stronger.

"Originally, I smelled the aura of the headless ghost. If you can kill it, maybe you can get the dead blood ghost liquid, which will be of great benefit to the two of you."

"I just didn't expect that someone would be the first to board. I don't know which sect, but it was so lucky." The extraordinary aura between the eyebrows of the man at the head symbolized that he was also a powerhouse with the perfection level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"Since there are no treasures here, let's go to other places first." After a while, the leading man said.

"Everything is up to Senior Brother." After speaking, the four of them were about to leave.

"Hehe, the sword idiot of Wanjianmen."

"Long time no see, just left like this?" Just as the four of them were about to leave, an extremely eerie voice sounded slowly.

"Damn it, it's actually the three great congregations of the Xuanling royal family." The four people in Wanjianmen turned their eyes slightly, but they saw three very familiar powerhouses.

"Haha, Jian Chi Jian Xin stay safe these few years."

"Since the last time I failed miserably in your hands, I've been brooding. I hope this time, I can be the same as the last time." On the third day of the red clothes, the crowd said slowly, but their voices were full of monstrous killing intent. .

"Humph."

"It's just a mere defeat."

"A few more times, and still no match," said the man in the lead.

The man's name is Jian Chi Jian Xin, he can be said to be the most outstanding disciple of Wan Jian Sect in recent years. His mastery of sword intent has reached a whole new level, but it is blunt to say that Jian Xin is definitely one of the outstanding disciples of the previous term. Song Yue is an outstanding representative of the new disciples of modern times.

"Tianhong, this guy will be handed over to you." On the third day, when Zhong Tianhong opened his mouth, the leader, Datian Zhong Tiangan, said quite indifferently.

"Everything is according to what eldest brother said." Tianhong smiled slightly when he heard the words, and a boundless killing intent suddenly emerged.

"You guys be careful."

"The four great heavenly groups of the Xuanling royal family are extremely powerful. The strength of the great heavenly groups has reached the initial stage of the eight-star Dou Emperor, and the strength of the second heavenly group has also reached the level of a half-step eight-star Dou emperor. As for the three-day group and the four-day group Everyone, the strength has also reached the perfection of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, which should not be underestimated." After Jian Xin finished speaking, his whole body was full of light, and then he held a beautiful matching sword behind him and held it directly in his hand.

As soon as the voice fell, San Sanzhong and Wan Jianmen's senior brother Jian Xin directly attacked together, forming an extremely dazzling landscape in the air.

--Pull up to load the next chapter s-->