Chapter Vol 4 1084: Swallowing Feast!

"Hahaha!"

"Okay, okay!" King Xuanling looked at the tyrannical aura of the leaders of the eight sects just now, but now he was his own prisoner, and couldn't help roaring and laughing.

"I really didn't expect the Sect Master of Poison Sect to have such a powerful thing." At this time, not only the eight sects fighting immortal powerhouses were controlled by Xuanling King, but even all the powerhouses who stayed in Xuanling Mountain at this time. its control.

At this time, on Xuanling Mountain, on the huge altar, hundreds of powerhouses all looked at Xuanling King with respect, and among them there were dozens of powerhouses fighting immortals!

You must know that in the past, one or two strong fighting immortals were able to join the Xuantian super sect, but now that there are more than ten strong fighting immortals, I am afraid that the power of the Xuanling royal family will rise, not to mention other There are as many as the nine-star fighting emperors and the eight-star fighting emperors.

"Congratulations to my king, congratulations to my king."

"The plan was successful."

"With these dozens of immortal warriors, within three days of Xuan, my king will be invincible."

"And now the entire Xuansan Santian is already in my king's pocket." Seeing that the countless powerhouses here were full of awe at Xuanling King, Wen Zi's figure suddenly came out and said.

At this time, the entire Xuanling royal family, except for Wen Zi and some very few people, almost all had been led to control by the Xuanling King through soul control.

Soul control leads these people to be absolutely convinced, and among these controlled human beings, each person's soul power is injected into Xuanling King's crystal-colored soul ball, life or death depends entirely on Xuanling King's. in a moment.

"Hahaha."

"Of course."

"With these guys as my huge army, after I devour the holy flame, I will dominate Xuan Santian, and then with the full power of Xuantian, it is not too bad to erode the other three fast continents!"

"Although our Xuanling Continent is the weakest in the Doudi Sifang Continent, I am willing to be the leader. I will completely change the situation!" Xuanling King said with a manic laugh.

"My king, you can start the next step." Seeing King Xuanling so happy, Wen Zi also laughed.

"Then let's start."

"The Feast of Swallowing Flames."

"Start it."

"Just let you slaves, see what I have planned for decades!" King Xuanling landed slightly when he heard the words, and his voice was filled with indescribable terrifying fluctuations.

"My king..." As King Xuanling descended, the eight sect fighting immortals who were under control all gathered towards King Xuanling.

"Hmph." Just as King Xuanling raised his head, he saw Zhu Jin's expression like stagnant water. He couldn't help but wave his hand, and a tyrannical fighting spirit attacked him directly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Seeing this, Zhu Jin's pupils were still calm, and there was no movement at all, but he was hit by King Xuanling's attack and flew out dozens of meters upside down.

"If it hadn't been useful to keep you all, I'm afraid you would have already become the souls of my subordinates at this time."

"I hope you can help me make more military exploits in the future." Looking at Zhu Jin, King Xuanling said angrily.

The Xuanling royal family, the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Medusa clan have deep grievances. If it wasn't for the Xuanling King to gather strength to erode the other three continents, I am afraid that these two sects would have already fallen completely.

"Yes!" Zhu Jin also gently agreed.

"Then next, let you witness this moment..."

"The day of conferring immortals." King Xuanling roared after seeing a group of giants neatly lined up behind him.

At the forefront is Xuan Cang, a two-star Dou Xian. In turn, there are as many as ten Dou Xian and some nine-star Dou Di, arranged in order of strength. These powerhouses are the Xuanling King who will erode the other three continents in the future. The most powerful force, King Xuanling was reluctant to lose the slightest bit.

"My King Shengming." When all the powerhouses under control heard the words, they also spoke slightly, and there was a sense of respect in their voices.

Possibly even the Sect Master of Poison Sect didn't think that the power of this soul control guide was so tyrannical, not to mention that a mere one-star Dou Xian could be controlled, and even a two-star Dou Xian might be controlled, and that kind of control even came from the depths of the soul. , making it impossible to guard against.

"Let them all go to me." After a while, King Xuanling glanced at the huge army behind him with satisfaction and said with a smile.

"Yes!" Wen Zi heard the words and walked directly to the altar not far from the Xuanling King's crowd, and then in a dark place on the altar, he gently twisted something, and then there was a rumbling sound, It sounded slowly.

When the mechanism was rotating, a rather strange phenomenon occurred below.

"Be careful, the atmosphere here is not quite right."

"Ghost qi and blood demon gold qi emerged from each other. The Xuanling King probably also thought of this step, so he did it." When he just came to the underground palace, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan said.

"Where does this lead to?" Xiao Yan agreed softly, and then he and Long Yi walked towards the depths of the underground palace.

It is strange to say that when the battle and the rain of soul-controlling occurred above the altar, there was no one guarding the bottom of the altar.

"There is their taste in here."

"Go this way!" Not long after, the three of Xiao Yan came to a fork, and Xiao Yan directly pulled the two of them and poured into the middle of the forks of the three passages.

"Wearing a cloak, if you encounter other things in a while, take the opportunity." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the three cloaks directly covered the three people's figures, and then the three of them walked away from the depths of the ground.

"Someone is here." After a while, a shadowy figure above the three evil pillars spoke softly just below the altar.

"who!"

"Get out!" And Mu Yingying was also full of anger, so she let out a loud shout.

"Ah."

"Little girl, are you still very strong?"

"Do you know who I am?"

"Talk to me like thisAre you not afraid that I will eat you?" The rather burly man at the head was the first to speak.

"This person's aura is a bit strong..." While Yan Chi on the side was still in a deep sleep, Cai Lin's beautiful eyes looked at the three figures not far away and couldn't help but say.

"who are you!"

"Me, Mu Yingying and Sister Cailin are not so easy to bully!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You guys from the Xuanling Royal Family, sooner or later, we will beat you all over the place to find your teeth." Mu Yingying said with some pride in her voice.

"How come these two guys have such a good relationship?" But after the three figures, the last figure couldn't help but touch his nose.

She clearly remembers Mu Yingying's attitude when she found out that Cailin was her wife, which was completely different from what it is now. The transformation in it was too terrifying.

"Could it be that Cailin brainwashed her?"

"Well...it's possible..." The last figure couldn't help muttering while looking at Cailin's calm expression and Mu Yingying, who was very active.

"It's rude, call me big brother!" The figure at the head smiled slowly, and then a silver thunderstorm swept through the whole body. The next moment, the figures of the three suddenly appeared.

"Xiao Yan..." When they saw the last person in the figure, Mu Yingying and Cai Lin couldn't help but murmured.