Chapter Vol 4 2244: Blue-haired Buddha Lion!

"Boom!"

The gray thunderbolt and the golden thunder snake collided abruptly, and the mighty energy ripples spread out, but they did not cause any waves to the Void Mountain.

When the two-color thunder attack weakened slightly, Xiao Yan suddenly noticed something and raised his head suddenly.

In his own thunder, he possesses the power of the thunder master, why is this golden thunder able to tie him?

Xiao Yan raised his head, a rare surprise flashed in his dark eyes. The gray thunderbolts were spraying out continuously like spring water, but the golden thunderbolts seemed to ignore the gray thunderbolts and slammed directly at Xiao Yan's body. .

"do not come!"

Seeing these golden thunders, Xiao Yan had a whim, and immediately hurriedly scolded Xiao Yi. The thunder-type fighting core in his body started to run at a high speed, and there were faint traces of swallowing the golden thunder.

"Bang bang bang!"

The golden thunder struck Xiao Yan's body, and suddenly a low and violent sound swelled up. On Xiao Yan's skin, the blue dragon scales protruded instantly, and the blue veins burst. With the protection of the tyrannical dragon scales, Xiao Yan's body was also emitting a wave of weakness. For this reason, a trace of white mist still overflowed from the skin.

"Second brother!"

Seeing Xiao Yan undergoing such a big change, Xiao Yi looked worried, but with Xiao Yan's orders, she was unable to act, and Xiao Yi could vaguely see that on Xiao Yan's skin, a trace of golden thunder had disappeared into the blue dragon scales. , and finally injected into Xiao Yan's body, turning it into the latter's extremely pure energy.

"Wait... Second brother is using the golden thunder to temper his body!"

Seeing strands of golden thunder coming towards Xiao Yan's body from the top of the valley, although there were bursts of terrifying muffled noises, Xiao Yan seemed to be still unfinished.

"Boom!"

"Thunderbolt, thunderbolt!"

This act of attracting thunder into the body lasted for nearly a stick of incense, and the golden thunder in the upper part of the Jie Lin Valley just dissipated faintly, and the figure who had been in the center of the thunder explosion, a burst of The smell of burnt smell permeated the air, if Xiao Yi knew that Xiao Yan had cultivated the top secret technique of the dragon clan, and the dragon **** changed, he would have shot directly. After all, he was worried about what would happen.

"Che, it didn't let me step into reincarnation completely."

"What kind of Buddhist world, Folei, is just fooling people."

The figure of Jiao Hei walked out from the sky above Jie Lin Gu, and then there was a chatter in his mouth. Obviously, after absorbing this kind of thunder, although it was quite beneficial to him, the effect was minimal.

"Stunned..." Xiao Yi, who was beside him, looked at Xiao Yan with a stunned expression, how could there be someone who took someone else's thunder for nothing, and then said it was someone else's.

"Let's go, the thunder here has been cracked by me, and it should be difficult to form again."

"The Jielin Valley below is our target."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a strong force roared out, pulling Xiao Yi's figure directly, and immediately stepped into the misty Jielin Valley below.

In the Jie Lin Valley, there are dense bamboo forests everywhere, and even on the bamboo forest body, one after another extremely obscure Buddhist scriptures seem to have been carved and carved by people, and they appear endlessly sacred and solemn.

It's just that the bamboo forest here is shrouded in strange white mist, which greatly reduces the perception and sight of the two of them. Just entering here, the air is extremely fresh, and a long-lost quiet concentration emerges from the heart.

The two of them started walking sparsely. After about a few minutes, they found a huge palace quietly standing in the center of the bamboo forest in the Jailin Valley.

"Second brother."

At this time, the power of reincarnation spread out from Xiao Yi's body, looking around vigilantly, a strange awe appeared.

It seems that there are some terrifying creatures in this palace, that kind of terrifying aura emanating from the invisible, makes Xiao Yi secretly slap her tongue.

"Wong buzzing!"

Xiao Yan heard the words and looked at the palace in front of him.

The strands of buddha light flickered like fireflies, but an ancient wave permeated the periphery of the palace, shocking.

"Pfft!"

At the same time, in the ancient palace, a circle of energy ripples spread out like water waves, and the ancient and mysterious fluctuations washed the hearts of everyone.

"There are golden Buddhist scriptures carved around this palace. Even after countless years of erosion, its power cannot be underestimated."

"And this power of Buddha's light has a very keen insight into the evil atmosphere."

"Something in my body was detected by it, and this strange scene just happened."

Xiao Yan was shaken back several meters by this force, and the newly born holy flame, the Soul Shaman Glazed Heart Fire, emerged. This newly born holy flame was as deep as colored glass, and the energy contained in it could be learned from heaven and earth. Pressure did not continue to exert pressure on Xiao Yan.

"There is no trace of the divine beast around, and the entire Jielin Valley, I am afraid that the palace in front of it is extremely strange."

Xiao Yi's eyes kept turning, trying to open this ancient palace to find the blue-haired Buddha lion, to ask the whereabouts of the meteorite iron, and to help the second brother repair the ancient ruler as soon as possible.

"Pfft!"

At the moment when the two were talking, an ancient bell rang out from nowhere.

"Crack!"

As the ancient bell rang, in the ancient palace in front of him, the bronze Buddhist gate seemed to be gently pushed open from the inside. out.

The mysterious building that has been closed for thousands of years or even longer, is finally fully opened at this moment, completely exposing its face to Xiao Yan and the two of them Weng buzzing! "

The glass-colored holy flame and Xiao Yan, who were wrapped in brown holy flame, looked at each other, and unreservedly unleashed their vindictive aura, which instantly turned into a flame light shield that spanned hundreds of meters. murmured.

Otherwise, if there is no resistance from the flame shield, I am afraid that the souls of the two will be completely lost under the Buddha's voice. After all, that ancient Buddha's voice has the terrible power of destroying the body and spirit.

"This?"

The bronze Buddhist gate of the ancient palace was opened, but nothing could be seen from the outside, Xiao Yi couldn't help waiting for Xiao Yan's move.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan was also a daring and careful person, the holy flame and the soul's power revolved, forming two shackles and membrane circles around the two, and walked towards the palace step by step.

When I first entered the palace, it seemed that there was only an empty hall in it. Looking around, there was nothing in the entire hall, except for a delicate bronze statue that was dozens of meters long.

The statue is lifelike, the teeth are as sharp as serrated teeth, the head is quite round, and the corners of the mouth are slightly opened to make a roar, just looking at them makes the two feel unreal.

In this building, on the surrounding walls are painted murals that are extremely mysterious and incomprehensible. Most of the murals are a lion and an elegant man.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: