Chapter Vol 4 1713: The central red zone, reincarnation!

Just when Xiao Yan and the two were puzzled, and they kept confirming their guesses in the five spaces, in the center of the inner hall of the temple, Xiao Yan and the two went to the only way to go to the northernmost sign, the red area in the center.

This is a dark void. There is nothing strange in the void, but there are two cliffs. The cliffs are thousands of feet in size, and the cliffs are extremely steep and surrounded by countless mysterious black lines. Above these black lines, It contains a trace of gray thunder power that is difficult to detect with the naked eye, and it is so strong that it is so strong that it cannot even be traversed with any skill.

And if you want to cross here, you have to walk over the only bridge at the top of the two cliffs, but it is strange that there is no decoration on this bridge, just an ordinary stone bridge. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

Underneath the two cliffs and stone bridges of China Unicom is the abyss. With the strange power here, some flying abilities and space power seem to be malfunctioning, so it becomes the strangest place in the temple.

The two cliffs seem to be projected from opposite sides. They are exactly the same. The area on the top of the cliff is quite broad, with an area of ​​several thousand meters. On the top of the cliff, there is a circular training platform. Other than that, there is nothing else.

At this time, in the center of the training platform, a lonely figure slowly opened its beautiful eyes, and a trace of gray thunder in the pupil outlined a very obscure ancient gray pattern, setting it off like a god.

"Hoohoo."

"In some days, I should be able to completely reincarnate. When the senior Lei Lord successfully wakes up, the power in me will also be returned to the teacher."

"At that time, I can be an ordinary person." Qian Ying got up slightly, stretched her waist lazily, and showed her slender curves vividly, and even at the end, a slight blush appeared on her delicate face.

Taking a closer look, this girl is Du Qifei!

"However, the power of reincarnation is really mysterious. It is no wonder that a strong person as strong as a teacher has paid a very heavy price to fight against the evil race from outside the territory." After a while, Duo Qifei said to himself. , Obviously during these times, she has noticed a lot of things from reincarnation, and the teacher in her mouth is naturally derived from her own reincarnation, Lei Master.

After coming to Li Soul Territory, since I met Master Li Soul, through the resources and means of Master Li Soul, Duo Qifei has been able to understand the reincarnation in advance and touch the power of reincarnation. Today's Du Qifei, on the surface, It seems that she is the same as a lady, but her strength has surpassed the eight stars, touching reincarnation.

Maybe she hasn't really set foot in the first realm of reincarnation, but now she can be said to be the most powerful person in Li Soul Domain.

However, this is obviously also the backhand prepared by Lord Li for the evolutionary breakthrough of devouring the holy flame, because he knows that once he fails to break through, Li Soul Territory will face both the Demon of Light and Soul Devouring Territory attacking at the same time. At that time, the entire Because of this, the Li Hunyu Club will no longer exist, so it is a surefire way to let Duo Qifei realize it in advance.

And there is one point, the Lord of Li Soul deceived Du Qifei. There are many kinds of samsara, but Du Qifei is the purest samsara and the most tyrannical.

Because once she is completely reincarnated, not only Duo Qifei will gain reincarnation-level power, but even the Thunder Lord who was trapped in reincarnation because of reserved power will also wake up. At that time, there are two reincarnation powerhouses. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

This kind of reincarnation is the purest and most perfect, because on the way to comprehend reincarnation, it is similar to Duo Qifei learning to integrate the power of the Thunder Lord and inherit her mantle. Once successful, the two reincarnation experts will respond. pregnant.

However, this approach also has its drawbacks. Once the identity of the reincarnator is discovered and is willingly obliterated by some conscientious people, then the super strong person who falls into the reincarnation will be as weak as a blank sheet of paper, and will be left to be slaughtered. At that time, a reincarnation-level powerhouse and the reincarnator of his choice would easily fall.

Reincarnation has advantages and disadvantages.

After a while, it was quiet here. This is obviously a retreat and practice place specially prepared by the Master of Li Soul for Duo Qifei. The black lines on the cliff are combined with the power of thunder. For Duo Qifei, it is a A real treasure.

the other side.

The fifth space, here is a plain, endless as far as the eye can see, but unfortunately there is still no strong figure.

"All the guardians who lived in the five spaces disappeared?"

"What's the matter?"

"Could it be that someone got there first?" After exploring five spaces in a row, no guardians were found, and You Er's eyes became strange and worried.

"I don't think so." Xiao Yan stood quietly on the plain, looking at the passage that was about to step into the central red zone on the plain, and smiled.

"Why?" You Er asked urgently, it seemed that Xiao Yan knew something since entering the second dimension, but unfortunately he never told himself.

"In the five spaces from the southernmost to the center, there are seven-star Dou Xian perfection-level powerhouses. If the previous Soul Extinguishing Heaven took the lead, then his power must reach the eight-star Dou Xian, but I observed his strength before. It is not so tyrannical, so there is only one possibility." Xiao Yan tried to analyze.

"What?" You Er said with a half-understood wink, Xiao Yan had been bewildered, and it was quite difficult for You Er to understand.

"This way..." In order to prevent others from listening, Xiao Yan whispered softly beside You Er.

"No way..." You Er heard and her eyes flashed, Xiao Yan just said that there are mysterious powerhouses helping them, so they can go so smoothly along the way.

And the power of that mysterious powerhouse might be the Eight Star Fighting Immortal?

Eight Star Fighting Immortal?

What is this concept?

This is equivalent to a high-level powerhouse. Even in the Li Soul Realm, the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is a top existence. For a while, You Er was a little unbelievable.

"Next, there is the red sign in the center. The degree of danger here is even the most dangerous place among the three red signs in the center of the northernmost and southernmost center."

"It's a pity that we can't get around here, otherwise, even if you give me the courage, I don't want to enter here." The two stood on the plain, looking at a red passage above the plain, You Er couldn't help but muttered. , after all, he is better than his own teacher, the dean of the dignified Soul Academy. When he mentioned this, his eyes flickered and changed, and there must be something to fear.

"The creatures or powerhouses contained in this place are at least eight-star fighting immortals...but they must go." Xiao Yan said solemnly, and then laughed again.

"Let's go." The two of them looked at each other, and immediately flew through them.

"There is always an aura here that makes me feel uneasy, it's looming, it's really strange, I clearly remember that this kind of feeling can only appear in the master, how can such a feeling emerge in a small West Temple. Woolen cloth?"

"Is it an illusion?" Hei Sha Longlang followed Xiao Yan's two and muttered, but when he looked at the entrance of the passage, a sense of unease emerged.

As soon as the voice fell, this guy also entered it together.

For a time, the three of them walked towards the red zone in the center of the inner hall of the temple one after another!

Whether it is reincarnation or rebirth, or destruction, is unknown.