Chapter 108: Evolve, Golden Demon Puppet!

As the handprint changed, another huge energy handprint appeared, collided with the remaining black mysterious thunderbolt, and finally both were annihilated in a thunderous explosion.

On the attic of the Yue Family Compound, looking at Xiao Yan who had forcibly smashed two thunderbolts, countless people were stunned. In addition to this sluggishness, there was also a bit of excitement that could not be suppressed. How did Leiyun, who was quite afraid in the hands of pharmacists, become so vulnerable in this kid's hands?

"Boom boom boom!"

Xiao Yan shattered two black mysterious thunders one after another, and the dark cloud seemed to become even more furious. At the moment, countless black lights flashed, and one after another, lightning broke through the black cloud like a black python, and then smashed one after another fiercely. To Xiao Yan above the wooden house.

Looking at the dense black mysterious thunder that fell from the sky, Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with enthusiasm. These years of experience have created his calm personality, but perhaps it is because he will be leaving soon. He seemed extraordinarily arrogant, and it had to be said that the current Xiao Yan just now had a trace of strength and self-confidence that truly belonged to his age!

Milky white flames rose up all over Xiao Yan's body, he raised his head and laughed wildly, the laughter resounded like thunder, resounding throughout the Yue Family Courtyard, and immediately his sleeve robes fluttered fiercely, a majestic column of Dou Qi as wide as a yard, violently violent from within his body. It poured out, and immediately faced the black mysterious lightning that filled the sky without fear.

"Bang bang bang!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Huge thunder explosions erupted one after another in the sky, and each explosion would cause a little tremor in the space of this world.

In the sky, the black mysterious thunder was overwhelming, and this apocalyptic appearance made people feel a sense of fear from the depths of their souls.

Above the wooden house, after fighting against the black mysterious lightning for dozens of times, Xiao Yan's face gradually became pale, and even a trace of blood appeared on the corner of his mouth. Even so, the enthusiasm in his eyes was not at all. never weakened...

"No, this mysterious thunder is still too strong now, it has to be weakened..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

The numb power of thunder rapidly flowed through the meridians in the body, causing Xiao Yan's body to feel a sense of weakness, and in the process of resisting, he gradually fell into the disadvantage.

Xiao Yan's resistance gradually weakened, but the Dan Lei became more and more violent, and the momentum was as if he would never give up until the pill was broken into pieces.

"Boom!"

The black light shone on the heavens and the earth, and a black dan thunder that was half a zhang huge shot out from the dark clouds again!

Feeling the power of this black mysterious thunder, Yue Yu and Yue Ru's expressions changed slightly, their bodies moved, and their majestic fighting qi was about to be rescued, but Xiao Yan's laughter came again from the wooden house. .

"Senior, please keep your hands, these thunderbolts are still useful to me." Xiao Yan also hurriedly said to stop, and finally weakened this mysterious thunderbolt, but he couldn't let it go...

"The power of heaven and earth is really unpredictable..."

"However, it should be about time."

"Golden Demon Puppet, now!"

As soon as Xiao Yan's words to Yue Yu and the others fell, a slightly golden figure appeared in front of Xiao Yan out of thin air, and immediately the slightly golden figure clenched his fist and punched out like this without any fancy!

Punching out, that terrifying mysterious thunder actually appeared on the golden demon puppet's fist! It is as if there is a mysterious attraction like a magnet on that fist!

There was silence in the sky, one after another astonished gaze, instantly petrified.

This puppet can actually absorb the power of thunder, you must know that this is a mysterious thunder, not an ordinary thunder...

Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, and immediately started to let the golden demon puppet absorb the power of thunder. At this time, the mysterious thunderbolt obviously did not have the monstrous weather just now, but the number was quite large. But it is a rare supplement, if these weak mysterious thunderbolts are absorbed by the golden demon, I wonder if it will be able to reach the step that my master, the golden dragon king, said?

Comparable to the puppet of a five-star fighting emperor!

Therefore, he sat cross-legged directly on the wooden house and began to observe the situation of the golden demon puppet absorbing the mysterious lightning.

Under the control of Xiao Yan's mind, the Golden Demon Puppet stopped, looked up at the black thunderbolt, and then slowly stretched out his palm. For its move, the black thunderbolt not only did not dodge, but instead seemed to be provoked. In general, one after another fierce thunder force was thrown on the golden demon puppet's arm.

Hei Hailei had just melted into the arm of the Golden Demon Puppet, but the latter's slightly golden body suddenly burst out with a strange suction force, which directly sucked the black demon thunder into its body. middle.

"Chi Chi!"

Pulling a black thunderbolt into his body, Jin Yaopup's hair immediately stood up like a hedgehog guarding against the enemy, and circles of black thunder and lightning continued to flicker wildly around his body, trembling strangely. The sound came out one after another, and the power of thunder on the surface of the body flowed everywhere, which was extremely harsh.

Xiao Yan stared nervously at the golden demon puppet surrounded by black electric flowers. After a while, his eyes also filled with joy. He could feel that the extremely violent thunder power of the mysterious demons was in the golden demon puppet. After frantically raging in the body, it finally gradually merged into its body, and the violent energy infiltrated the muscles of the Golden Demon Puppet, and constantly improved its bones.

This mysterious thunder was really weakened by his previous offensive, and the remaining power of thunder couldn't help but not destroy the golden demon puppet, and it was even effective against the golden demon puppet!

And under this kind of tempering, the golden body of the golden demon puppet became a little darker, and the muscles all over his body trembled, filled with a visual sense of power.

"The effect is good!"

One after another, the energy of the mysterious magic thunder was vented from the thunderclouds all over the sky, and finally all of them melted on the body of the golden demon and then the golden demon was slowly absorbing. Xiao Yan was a little happy.

Xiao Yan also knew that when the slightly golden color on the Golden Demon Puppet was completely transformed, it would be the time for the Golden Demon Puppet to evolve!

It has truly evolved into a puppet that is comparable to a five-star fighting emperor!

"Xiao Yan's little friend is really unexpected. I didn't expect to have such a precious puppet." The third elder also said.

"It seems that we are worried for nothing." Yue Yu also laughed loudly. At the critical moment just now, he had planned to take action, but Xiao Yan's words made Yue Yu have to believe this young man, but now it seems that Xiao Yan This kid Yan didn't mean to be big, but he really had some skills.

"It's fine." Yueru also sighed in relief.

"Alchemy has basically been completed. Next, wait for this pill to disappear and then you're done!" Xiao Yan also laughed. After twists and turns, he still had to succeed.

Time passed by minute by minute. Seeing the increasingly small thundercloud in the sky and the golden demon puppet whose golden light became more and more condensed, Xiao Yan nodded with satisfaction.

"Boom boom boom!"

After the last trace of gold on Jin Yaopup's body was completely transformed into gold, Dan Lei was about to dissipate.

"That is!"

"Xiao Yan!"

"Little bastard, you can be considered as letting me find you!" Mueller looked at the figure in the sky who was refining medicine pills, and then the man in gray who was with Mueller said bitterly.