Chapter Vol 4 1024: Gore Demon!

"Boom!" A loud bang echoed in the dark sky.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan and the four were rushing towards the core area, but the journey was not peaceful and they encountered many obstacles, so the speed slowed down.

"Under this ground, it seems that other evil races from outside the territory are still being suppressed?" What kind of eyesight is Xiao Yi, just by the evil black qi breaking out of the ground, he can infer some news.

"In the Demon Suppression Territory, all of them are extraterrestrial evil races, but the ones suppressed under the ground are just some nameless little evil spirits."

"Looking at this, it should be the two guys from the Xuanling royal family who started it."

"We must hurry over there."

"Otherwise, something terrible may happen." Yan Chi said.

"If that's the case, then don't let it go." Xiao Yan said, and then the dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame power appeared directly, and the speed skyrocketed, directly opening the way for the other three.

I used to prevent it from disturbing the powerhouses here, so I suppressed the breath in my body along the way, and the speed naturally slowed down, but now I am going all out, the speed is naturally not comparable to before.

As for the countless evil black qi that gathered towards the core area, feeling the power of Xiao Yan's pure earthy yellow holy flame, they all retreated and made way.

"Let's go!" The three of Yanchi saw this, looked at each other, and then went after them directly.

And as Xiao Yan and the others hurried towards the core area, the battle in the core area was also being staged slowly.

"Hahaha!"

"Ghost face and soul flame!"

"Now that the Gorefiend has become a reality, you not only have to suppress my King, but also deal with the Gorefiend. I'll see how you deal with it!" Then, in this space, a burst of extremely evil black slowly emerged. Outside, the evil figure like a giant became more and more solid, and Xuetian couldn't help roaring and laughing.

"asshole……"

"This second angel of blood can actually summon such a powerful demon..." The cyan figure slowly glanced at the giant-like evil figure outside the cyan lava, and his face became solemn.

"Gorefiend, kill it for me!" At the next moment, Xuetian and Xuexuan's two envoys burst out with a dazzling black aura, and then burst into the Gorefiend.

And after the evil figure, which had become more solid, was injected with a dazzling evil aura by the second envoy, the giant's pupils slowly exuded a strange blood-red color.

"Gulugulu!" The Gorefiend, surrounded by countless evil auras, slightly opened his blood-colored pupils, and then glanced at the figure above the cyan lava.

"Ghost flame!" The next moment, a cyan flame burst out from the cyan figure, and then a cyan crystal slowly appeared on the palm.

And with the appearance of this cyan crystal, the cyan lava under his feet suddenly became violent.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bastard!" Seeing this scene, even Xue Tian and Xue Xuan, who had always been calm, couldn't help shouting angrily, because the Holy Flame Crystal had just appeared, and the giant-like Gorefiend suddenly appeared a little bit. fear.

Of course they knew what it was.

Saint Flame Crystal, the supreme thing that possesses the true power of holy flame.

If the flame in the cyan lava in front of you is a part of the holy flame, then what the cyan holy flame crystal possesses is the source of all holy flames.

To put it simply, the holy flame in the cyan lava has been diluted. Although it has a very strong suppression on them, it cannot cause absolute lethality, but the holy flame crystal is different.

If it is hit by the source power of Sheng Yanjing, I am afraid it will fall completely.

"This is the end of the matter, we can't delay it!"

"Xue Xuan, help me!" The next moment, Xue Tian's pupils also became dignified, and then he said solemnly, he knew that after using the Holy Flame Crystal, the blood demon alone could not win the victory.

"Okay!" Xue Xuan heard the words, and naturally knew the importance of the matter. The Gorefiend was their last resort. If they couldn't break the seal of the cyan melt, they would have no hope of saving the Gorefiend.

"Blood food!" At the next moment, Xuetian shouted loudly, and then a steady stream of black and strange runes slowly appeared on the bodies of the two.

"Are you going to use the power of pressing the bottom of the box..." The cyan figure grabbed the holy flame crystal in his hand, and then looked at Xuetian and the two of them amusingly.

"But... I won't give you this chance."

"Ghost Flame, Zhu Xie!" The next moment, the cyan figure's laughter suddenly became bright, and then a cyan liquid slowly flowed out of the cyan holy flame crystal.

The cyan liquid just flowed out, and suddenly shot at the Gorefiend. It seemed like a very ordinary attack, but this cyan liquid could be the true source of the ghost face and soul flame. Such a pool, I am afraid it can directly obliterate the Gorefiend or even the **** sky. both.

"Boom boom boom!" Before the evil runes on Xuetian's body filled the whole body, the cyan liquid, like a drop of water, directly hit the huge body of the Gorefiend.

The Gorefiend, who was still majestic before, also became weak at this moment.

"Crash!" The blue liquid silently hit the Gorefiend and then a very conspicuous hole appeared in the center of the Gorefiend!

"This holy flame that should smash corpses into thousands of pieces..."

"If it wasn't for the lack of core things in the Gorefiend, I'm afraid I wouldn't be seriously injured so easily..." Xuetian looked at the Gorefiend that was dissipating, and then said...

"No... I can't leave now..."

"Hold me up!" At the next moment, Xue Tian and Xue Xuan spewed out a mouthful of blood at the same time, and sent them towards the Gorefiend who was attacked by the source of holy flame.

Just as the Gorefiend and the cyan holy flame were stubbornly resisting, two figures were looming in the huge pothole in the cyan lava.

"Hehe, this ghost-faced soul flame spirit, after so many years, has gradually realized the power of the domain, which is really not to be underestimated..."

"But with this shock, I can also get rid of this place completely." In the huge pothole, a blood-red air mass said strangely, and on the other side, a human stood respectfully.

"what happened……"

"How can there be an uneasy feeling in my heart..." Then the next moment, the cyan figure was staring at the huge pothole in the lava, and there seemed to be some movement just now.

"Gorefiend... explode it for me!"

"My king, we are here to save you." However, the next moment, a trace of madness appeared in the pupils of Xuetian and Xuexuan, and then burst out.

As soon as the voice fell, the Gorefiend giant shadow, which was getting weaker and weaker, was attacked by the power of the source of the holy flame, but it suddenly swelled up, and then with a loud bang, it exploded!