Chapter Vol 4 1353: Lei Chi news!

Above the gray earth, there is a desolation like a dead silence everywhere, and in the sky, there is a deafening sound of thunder, which completely sets off the tomb of the thunder.

"It's been a month, why hasn't Qi Fei made a breakthrough yet?"

"Isn't something going to happen?" The two sisters Yu Ranran were a little worried. After all, the few days of communication in the Thunder Realm had created a strong friendship between them.

"Probably not." Liu Qing's beautiful eyes stared at Du Qifei, who was bathed in silver light, and shook her head.

Since this guy is the hope of the entire Thunder Valley, she naturally has her specialties, but this absorption time seems to be a little too long.

"Boom!" The next moment, the power of a dazzling thunder suddenly reverberated in the space where everyone was located, and in this thunder, there was an aura that was familiar to them, and it was Du Qifei's breath!

"It seems to be a success." And Xiao Yan looked at the thunder in the sky and Du Qifei, who was constantly shining brightly in front of him, and naturally knew that this was a symbol of breakthrough.

"Crash!" Duo Qifei, who was surrounded by silver rays of light, naturally didn't know what they were talking about. A steady stream of silver thunder continued to appear, and then injected directly into the Dou Core in his body. In a near-saturated state, a deafening sound resounded through the heavens and the earth, obviously a breakthrough.

"Sisi." The silver light dissipated slightly, and a trace of silver thunder lingered on Du Qifei's body, her beautiful eyes opened slightly, and a force that was more powerful than the one above the retreat filled out.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The late two-star fighting immortal." Xiao Yan saw through his strength at a glance, and said, obviously this month's time plus Lei Jing's power has allowed Duo Qifei to break through from the middle two-star fighting immortal to the late two-star fighting immortal. It is enough to see that the terrifying energy contained in this thunder crystal is staggering, but because it can only be used by the strong thunder attributes, its value is limited.

"Thank you." Duo Qifei naturally knew that when he retreated to absorb Lei Jing, these guys had been guarding the law for him, and there were some uninvited guests on the way, but they were all driven away by Xiao Yan, for this kind of kindness , Du Qifei naturally kept it in mind.

"Since the breakthrough has been made, then we should also move towards the depths."

"During the time when you were in retreat, I have searched around and found that the energy bodies around here, the strongest ones are only under some Dou Di or one-star Dou Xian. For us, it's insignificant."

"And according to my soul power, it seems that there are some tyrannical energy bodies in the depths of the thunder tomb, and those energy bodies are our goal." Xiao said softly.

"It's natural."

"Because this is only the outermost layer of the Thunder Tomb."

"Outsiders don't know, we forge the Thunder Valley to divide the Thunder Tomb into three layers."

"Most of this first floor is just some Dou Emperor-level energy bodies, and there are almost none of Dou Xian-level energy bodies."

"As for the second layer, the strength levels of the energy bodies are not uniform, but there are traces of the energy bodies of the three-star Dou Xian or the four-star Dou Xian." A rare silver thunder flashed in Du Qifei's beautiful eyes. Open your mouth softly.

"What about the third floor?" Liu Qing couldn't help but ask when Duan Qifei was hesitant to speak.

"On the entrance of the third floor, only the master of the Thunder Valley knows that it is extremely mysterious. It is said to be the habitat of the strongest people in each generation of Eastern Continent. It's just because it's too mysterious and obscure, no one knows the entrance." Du Qifei said, but her big watery eyes were excited.

"Do you know the entrance?" The next moment, Xiao Yan felt that Du Qifei's mood was a little unstable, and suddenly said in surprise.

"I can take you there, but it's a forbidden place for our knife-forging Thunder Valley, I'm afraid it's extremely dangerous, and you are such a favorite in the Eastern Continent Ratio, if something happens to you, I'm afraid..." Although Duo Qifei I wanted to take Xiao Yan and the others to the third floor of the Thunder Tomb forbidden area to repay their kindness for giving me the thunder-eating beast Lei Jing breakthrough, but there were all kinds of bad rumors in that place, in the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives, even when they arrived. Talking about the degree of discoloration, Duo Qifei also hesitated at this time.

"Wait until the end of the Thunder Tomb training, and then go to the third floor of the Thunder Tomb Meeting. Now, don't worry." Xiao Yan smiled slightly. At this time, he was obviously quite enthusiastic about this level of powerhouse, and although To this kind of place, but now the premise is to absorb the energy body to improve one's own strength.

"Okay." Duan Qifei glanced at Xiao Yan when he heard the words, and then readily agreed. Since Xiao Yan was sure, he naturally dared to go.

The entrance to the third floor of the Thunder Tomb is indeed known only by the past dynasties of the forging knife Leigu Valley Master, but Du Tianhong was too fond of Qi Fei, so he had already told her the location of the entrance.

"Next, let me rush to the second floor of the Thunder Tomb, there are good things there." The next moment, looking at the gray land around him, Du Qiqi suddenly looked at a certain place in the sky and said. said.

"The energy body in the second layer should be enough to further improve our respective strengths." Liu Qing said softly.

"Hehe More than that."

"In the Thunder Tomb, there are countless tyrannical energy and physical energy as the best cultivation energy, but the premise is to defeat them, but this is only the basis of the Thunder Tomb. In the Thunder Tomb, there is a special space called Thunder Pond."

"There is the most precious place in the entire Thunder Tomb, except for the third floor." Du Qifei's voice was full of yearning.

"Lei Chi?" Everyone heard the words and shook their heads slightly. Obviously, Du Qifei didn't know much about the information in the thunder tomb. When they heard the word "Lei Chi", they couldn't help but be surprised.

"Well, Lei Chi."

"In terms of preparation, this place is surrounded and protected by the power of thunder all day long, and there is even the existence of guardian spirit beasts. Therefore, every time the Thunder Tomb is opened, there are only a handful of strong people who can enter the Thunder Pond."

"However, once you enter the Thunder Pond, and after you get out, there will be earth-shaking changes."

"That kind of change, I can't tell you the specifics, but it is very suitable for us." Du Qifei said, the mystery of the Thunder Pond has different opinions in the Thunder Valley of Forging Blades, even she is not very clear.

"In that case, let's go."

"First go to the second floor to get some tyrannical energy bodies to enhance your strength, and then go directly to the Thunder Pond."

"It should be very lively there." A smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and he said slowly.

"Yes." The other four women heard the words and nodded lightly, and then they all moved to the depths of Lei's tomb.

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.