Chapter Vol 2 764: Misunderstandings covered in dust for 0 years!

"Alas." Fen Tian stood quietly between the two women. At this time, he obviously didn't know what to do.

"I can't think of my dignified fighting power. There are times when I can't do anything about this kind of thing. Love, it's really mysterious." Fen Tian smiled slowly, quite helpless.

"Tell me!" Hua Xin calmed down and asked immediately.

"Remember back then, when Fen Tian met you first, you were the one who liked you first, and you were the one who wanted to get married."

"To be honest, I'm also a little jealous of you. If Fen Tian met me first, everything would be different." Bing Xin said with some nostalgia.

"Xin'er is also a hard worker." Hearing this, Fen Tian couldn't help sighing slightly.

When Hua Xin heard the words, she shrugged in disbelief.

"When you and Hua Yun met Fen Tian, ​​a series of unimaginable things happened between the two of you, but do you know why Fen Tian made a promise to marry you a hundred years later but broke his promise?" Bing Xin sighed with emotion. , and then said the right thing.

"do not know."

"But I've been waiting here for a hundred years. I went to Fentian's hometown to look for him in the wild a hundred years later, but what I saw was the moment he married you." Hua Xin forcibly held back her anger and said word by word. .

"Hahaha."

"Marriage, what a ridiculous word, I hope it's true." Bing Xin said with a ridiculous smile.

"Hua Xin, you know, you were born into a famous family. Not only are you outstanding in strength, but your figure and background are incomparable to me, and I'm just an ordinary person."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After Fen Tian left you back then, he went to his hometown to inherit the family, but he had no choice but to meet me on the way."

"I still clearly remember that the fire that year burned our entire village to the ground, and I was in the midst of a terrible poisonous body outbreak. If I hadn't encountered Burning Tian, ​​I would have truly died that day. ."

"When I first met Fen Tian, ​​I knew that Fen Tian was a man with a very strong sense of justice. That night, he did not give up on me, and took me back to his family overnight to prepare for treatment."

"But I was stopped by the family. At that time, I was the moment of death in the true sense."

"Finally, I don't know why, even though the Fen Tian family didn't want to see me in every possible way, under Fen Tian's stubbornness, they finally agreed."

"But there is one condition, Fen Tian must marry me."

"At that time, their family suddenly had an extremely terrifying idea, trying to transfer my bad poisonous body, so they agreed to let Fen Tian marry me and heal me immediately."

"Even though Fen Tian was in a lot of pain in his heart, and he was extremely disappointed with his family, after discussing it with me, I agreed. In the end, although he struggled a lot, for my safety, he still married me."

"In the future, it's the night you met and got married."

"I still clearly remember that when I married Fen Tianjiu in order to heal the evil and poisonous body in my body, your arrival brought a fire, and I don't know where you got your courage and strength. The Fen Tian family is killing everyone."

"That night, we didn't see you. After the simple marriage, the two of us entered the forbidden area of ​​Fen Tian's family to solve the evil poison in my body. Fen Tian also threatened to stabilize the injury in my body. I'm going to marry you, you don't know how good you are in Fen Tian's mouth."

"But when we successfully exited the border, Fen Tian's family was completely wiped out. There was only endless pain waiting for Fen Tian. Later, I learned that that night, you only relied on the power of one person, sword, light, sword, shadow, blood flow into rivers, and you killed Fen Tian. The entire family was slaughtered and nothing left."

"I also thought about taking revenge for Fen Tian, ​​so I established the Poison Sect, but at Fen Tian's request, I gave up." Bing Xin said here, and suddenly stopped, because Bing Xin could feel that not only the people in front of her were Fen Tian's heart was in severe pain, and even Hua Yun's pupils were full of disbelief!

"Do not!"

"impossible!"

"You lied to me!"

"At the beginning, the people in his family clearly said that it was Fen Tian's initiative, not a fake marriage at all!" Hua Xin exclaimed in disbelief.

"Hahaha!"

"I am a powerless and powerless woman, so I don't have any right to speak, so Fen Tian is responsible for it alone." Bing Xin laughed immediately after hearing this.

"Fentian, I'm sorry." After Bing Xin finished speaking, a touch of tears suddenly appeared in the corner of her eyes, and she was about to run away.

"Since you're here, let's stay." Seeing this, Fen Tian immediately spoke to comfort him, and then he held Bing Xin with one hand.

Fen Tian is not a saint, Fen Tian's mother is the owner of the poisonous body, but she has no choice but to die of the poisonous body, so Fentian knows the fear of the poisonous body, so Fentian swears that she will encounter it in the future. The evil poisonous body must help!

This is also the reason why Fen Tian would spare no effort to help her when she met Bing Xin. After all, Fen Tian felt that the Poisonous Body was like his parents were alive, so he couldn't just stand by!

"No..." Hua Xin seemed to have understood everything when she heard this, and there was a look of extreme fear in her eyes.

No matter how much he loves Fen Tian, ​​he is the culprit who killed Fen Tian's entire family.

"sorry Sorry!"

"I'm sorry!" After saying sorry three times in a row, Hua Xin's mood was obviously close to collapse, unparalleled.

When Fen Tian saw this, he quickly held Bing Xin with one hand and walked towards Hua Xin with the other, trying to comfort the excited Hua Xin.

"I'm sorry, it was I who ruined your family."

"Damn me. I don't deserve your love." Hua Xin laughed at herself, feeling a little ridiculous.

"No, I don't blame you."

"It's my family's bad luck Fen Tian shook his head and said.

When he first heard about this, Fen Tian's emotions were naturally extremely angry, but on the one hand, the culprit who killed his entire family, on the other, the woman he loved deeply, Fen Tianye was caught in a dilemma.

Therefore, after Fen Tian helped Bing Xin to solve the troublesome poison in his body, he knew Hua Xin's situation and where he was, but he didn't immediately look for her.

"Let you pass the past."

"I just hope you can forgive me."

"After so many years, I didn't figure it out until not long ago."

"People can't be resurrected from the dead, so let the past pass." Fen Tian said with a vicissitudes of life.

"No, it was me who said sorry earlier." Hua Ge still refused to forgive himself and continued.

"It's all my fault, if I hadn't..." Hua Xin seemed to want to say something, but Fen Tian covered her mouth and nose with her hand.

"do not talk."

"I have the two most important people by my side now."

"One is my lover. The other is my little sister." After Fen Tian finished speaking, his eyes were slightly closed.

"En." When Hua Xin heard the words, her emotions seemed to have calmed down slightly. The hatred for Fen Tian in the past now only wanted to accompany Fen Tian well and let go of the wrong atonement for herself.

And Bing Xin also let Fen Tian hug her like this, it seems that this ending is the best attribution.

Ask for tickets!

It's five watch and I'm still coding, can I ask for support?