Chapter Vol 4 1152: Auction starts!

The auction planned by the City Lord's Mansion stands in the center of the entire Ghost King City. There is a rather magnificent auction venue here. From the outside, the entire venue looks like a huge oval building, but its Inside, there is an auction venue with hundreds of exclusive private rooms!

This auction venue has been seldom used since its establishment. The use of this magnificent auction venue this time is enough to show that the City Lord's Mansion attaches great importance to the auction.

When Xiao Yan and Qinger left the backyard and came to the main entrance of the auction venue, his sight was suddenly covered by a dark crowd.

"This auction is actually so hot..." Xiao Yan and Qing'er were at the back of the team and couldn't help but say.

"Behind, line up, come one by one!" The main entrance of the auction venue has two passages, one of which is an ordinary passage. Outside the passage, people are rushing to line up a 100-meter long queue. The man with the rank of general is under serious investigation.

The strength of the three generals is not bad, all of which have reached the late stage of one-star fighting immortals.

On the other side, a woman with a rather soft complexion and a more lazy man came into Xiao Yan's sight. The woman was wearing a floral dress that dented her figure, and an invisible elegance permeated slightly, only However, in this passage, there are red carpets everywhere, which are extremely noble, but there are almost no people.

"If you have a VIP card, please come this way." The next moment, the soft and beautiful girl's silver bell-like voice sounded.

"Isn't this the number one general of the City Lord's Mansion... How could he be reduced to a gatekeeper?"

"Hush hush hush, keep your voice down, don't let this general listen, don't think that this general is just wearing ordinary soldiers' civilian clothes, but his strength is the same as the city lord, enough to reach the late two-star fighting immortal stage, if your words fall to Some of the villains are in the middle, I am afraid that your good deeds are indispensable." At the end of the sentence, the word "good deeds" took a long time to breathe.

Following the gossip in the ordinary passage, the figures of Xiao Yan and Qing'er walked slightly towards the VIP passage.

"The eldest lady of the Qing family..." Just saw Qing'er and a man walking over, and then the soft woman said slowly.

This woman has a high status in the city lord's mansion, and her strength is not weak. She has reached the level of the middle stage of one-star fighting immortals, but when she saw Xiao Yan, a rather profound feeling emerged in her heart.

"Sister Li Zi is really getting more and more beautiful." Qing'er just came to the VIP aisle and immediately smiled at the soft and beautiful woman.

"Qing'er is also getting more and more beautiful as she grows." The soft and beautiful woman smiled at Qing'er.

"But this is..." At the next moment, the soft beauty asked Xiao Yan, she could see that the relationship between Qing'er and Xiao Yan was definitely not normal, but Xiao Yan looked rather unfamiliar.

"This is a guest of our Qing family." The next moment, a hearty laughter slowly came out of the passage.

"Qingwen?" Seeing this, Li Zi couldn't help but say.

Qing Wen is very talented. Although his strength is not very outstanding, he has already been appointed as the next head of the Qing family, so the details of the guy who can be treated highly by Qing Wen are definitely not that simple.

"The eldest young lady and young master of the Qing family..." And seeing this scene, the lazy soldier opened his pupils slightly and glanced at Xiao Yan casually.

"Wow!" Being casually swept away by the soldier, Xiao Yan only felt that the power of fighting immortals in his body seemed to be exhausted, which was quite terrifying.

"This guy's strength is so terrifying." The next moment, Xiao Yan also gave an instant evaluation. This soldier looks quite ordinary, but according to Xiao Yan's estimation, his strength is probably not comparable to that of the Qing family's patriarch. Bo Zhong!

"Let's go, the auction will start soon." Qing Wen said with a smile, and immediately walked inside with Xiao Yan and Qing'er.

"Ms. Li Zi, Lord Baihe, let's go first." Just as he was about to leave, he said to the soldier and Li Zi.

"Yes." The soldier said softly.

"Let's go." At this time, the three of Xiao Yan walked towards the auction venue.

"This little guy is a bit interesting." And watching Xiao Yan leave, the tyrannical soldier muttered slowly just now.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This soldier's name is Bai He, a powerhouse in the late two-star fighting immortal stage, the strongest powerhouse under the city lord!

"Let's go too." Bai He said to Li Zi after taking a glance and seeing that there was no one here.

"En." Li Zi heard the words, nodded slowly, and then turned towards the interior.

"The two guys just now..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask immediately after entering the auction.

Obviously, the soldier put a lot of pressure on Xiao Yan.

"The two just now, Li Zi and Bai He-sama."

"Miss Li Zi is the same as the housekeeper of the city lord's mansion, while Baihe serves the city lord and only obeys the city lord. Her strength has reached the level of the late two-star fighting immortal." Qing Wen said.

"So it is." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words.

"Our private room in Qing's house is right in front, let's go." Qing Wen led the two of them and went directly to the private room.

It is strange to say that the entire private room is airtight on three sides, but the front is not sealed at the end So in the private room, the strong people who come to the auction can see other people this time.

Xiao Yan and the three just came to the private room to meet with the head of the Qing family, and they became quiet, because with Xiao Yan's huge soul power, they could feel the rather obscure atmosphere of each of these hundreds of private rooms. The breath is quite good, and it is obviously the strongest competitor in this auction.

And as Xiao Yan and his group gathered, other powerhouses also came here one after another.

The Yu Family, the Lei Family, and the large and small forces in the Ghost King City filled the entire auction with hundreds of private rooms.

However, although there are such a large number of buyers, there are probably only a few real buyers. After all, the precious treasures are too precious. If there is not enough financial support, I am afraid it will only be a waste.

The inside of the entire auction is an oval shape, and hundreds of private rooms surround its center. Obviously, the center of the circle is the location of the auction.

And when there were noisy discussions in the hundreds of private rooms, a milky white energy beam came from the auction center.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the voices of machine expansion slowly sounded, and then a beautiful auction table composed of crystals slowly emerged in front of everyone.

On the auction table, the milky white energy beam persisted for a long time. It was obviously a means of protection to protect it.

"A good show, is it finally about to start..." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan's heart also had a trace of fiery enthusiasm, and he was obviously looking forward to this auction.

l