Chapter Vol 4 2094: Dan Lei Qiyong, first appearance!

"Boom!" At the same time, the energy of heaven and earth in the entire medicine valley suddenly became restless, a hot breath lingered, and even the cloud that was originally clear sky trembled slightly, and the layers of ripples continued. Squirm, as if something was about to emerge.

This movement shocked countless people, because what followed was the most exciting scene in the ceremony.

However, they also know that refining medicinal pills is an extremely time-consuming task, not to mention the time required to refine medicinal pills as high as the sixth and seventh rank of the immortal rank.

However, many experts from the outside world are also willing to sit on the altar mountain. After all, this kind of grand ceremony is extremely rare on weekdays. In addition, due to the fall of Yanxuan, the ancestor of Yanyun, he was suppressed by him. Temper, I am afraid that the ancients will not be so reluctant to give up, so it is also itchy, ready to stop and take a look, there is probably an extremely fierce battle between the two, ready to go.

As for the refining of medicinal pills, as we all know, it is actually related to one's own fighting qi. The stronger the strength, the higher the soul power, and the technology of practice makes perfect. Only then can rare and rare medicinal pills be refined.

Regardless of the low-level rank, the high-level ones are extremely mysterious. Even the most basic immortal-rank seventh-grade medicinal pill needs at least the initial strength of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal. Consummation or stronger strength, while the eighth-rank holy rank requires the strength of eight-star fighting immortals, which are equal in order. As for the subsequent Dan Lei, I am afraid that it is even more terrifying.

After the time has passed, it has been about forty days since everyone started refining the medicinal pills. Although it is as long as forty days, it is only a blink of an eye for everyone in the altar mountain.

It is a pity that in the forty days, many contestants have already completed the first step of refining the medicinal materials and are preparing for the second step of fusion elixir. On the other hand, Xiao Yan is still in the first step, refining the last two medicinal materials, but he The distance to success is also very close. As for the other powerhouses, there are faint traces of melting pills. The thunderclouds have also begun to cover the entire sky of the majestic mountain range. come here.

Immediately, the Altar Mountain, which had been quiet for a long time, was bursting with turmoil. With the sound of thunder, there was also a trace of tempting medicinal herb fragrance!

"It seems that someone is about to become a pill." Yao Xuanyi laughed softly, in order to ease the situation, she said.

"That is……"

"The mysterious red makeup of the Xuange Sect?"

"This girl is one of the few heroes and heroines on the Douyun Continent. Now the medicine refining technology has reached the peak of the sixth-rank immortal rank." One after another whispered, watching the first person in the field began to call Dan Lei, and suddenly smiled. , but this girl's demeanor did not last long, and some of the powerhouses in the medicine valley also succeeded one after another, attracting Dan Lei.

Within the valley of medicine, the sky.

The originally quiet sky was suddenly broken by a thunderbolt from the blue sky. Looking at the thunderbolt, I saw the sky with a clear sky, a dense cloud of dark clouds emerging, lightning and thunder inside the dark cloud, and a faint whistling of thunder. The sound was quite terrifying, and after the breath, the dark clouds trembled slowly and evolved towards Dan Lei.

"Seven Profound Demon Thunder?" On a ridge below, a beautiful shadow flickered, and an unbelievably happy expression emerged. His chest rose and fell violently, and he couldn't help but look at the Dan Lei in the sky with excitement.

Dan Lei is pitch black, but it contains a frightening terrifying power.

The Seven Profound Magic Thunder is the most ferocious pill among the alchemists of the Immortal Rank. The ability to draw out this thunder calamity is enough to show that it has the aptitude to step into the seventh rank. The pinnacle among the seventh-grade alchemists!

Seven Profound Magic Thunders, from one to seven, after seven colors, is the so-called holy rank, but from ancient times to the present, there are very few geniuses who can trigger the seven colors and seven profound magic thunders, and it is also a huge issue whether they can be drawn out or not. The problem, as for the holy dan thunder, even Yao Wan can't take it alone...

"It's actually the Seven Profound Demon Lightning?"

"Although there is no color, this woman's talent should not be underestimated." Xiao Yan was quietly refining the medicinal materials, looking at the thunder cloud caused by the first person above the sky, and also smiled, this level of potential, let go Entering the entire Douyun Continent is also considered to be among the best.

"Has the immortal-rank sixth-grade peak-level medicinal pills been born..." At the first peak, Yao Yichen looked at the more dazzling energy young pills in his medicine cauldron, and the smile on his face became even brighter, it was obvious that this guy was refining The medicinal pills made by him are of higher rank than the sixth-rank immortal rank!

The mere immortal rank sixth-grade medicinal pills are simply not comparable to him. Now, his opponents are clearly only a few other ancient races, including Shen Hong and others. For these guys, Yao Yichen has his pride.

"Brother." Yao Yixuan on the side shook his head gently, and did not continue refining the medicinal herbs, but injected the energy of all the medicinal materials he had already refined into Yao Yichen's cauldron, even if it was impossible for Xiao Yan In surpassing them, she also had a trace of fear in her heart, and immediately made a solemn decision.

"Little sister, who are you?" Yao Yichen frowned.

"Although your soul power and fighting qi are limited, you can't make holy pills, but with these energies of mine, this time the pill ceremony, the first title will still remain in our medicine family!" Yao Yi Xuan said resolutely.

"Okay!"

"Little girl, this time, let me tell the world about our medicine family's supreme alchemy technique!" Yao Yichen harvested such an unusually splendid energy, closed his eyes, and carefully reconciled the strength of the second group. From the invisible fluctuations, the power and momentum are quite terrifying.

With the successful refining of the first person, in the entire medicine valley, there are also many strong refining successes one after another. Some of them successfully took the medicine pills, took the medicine pills they were satisfied with, quietly exited the medicine valley, entrenched in the altar mountain, and quietly waited for the end of the grand ceremony.

They also know that with their sixth-grade immortal-rank and barely reaching seventh-grade medicinal herbs, they are not qualified to be champions, but they are all pharmacists, and naturally they can benefit a lot from the few remaining strong medicine refining techniques. .

"Huhu, I always feel something is wrong."

"Forget it, let's fuse the elixir first." Xiao Yan temporarily swept away the other thoughts in his mind, and then a hint of determination flashed in his eyes, and the amber rock soul fire in front of him kept rolling and roaring. The medicinal liquids of different colors, some are like colorful liquids, some are like dust in the medicine cauldron, without exception, they all contain a touch of maddening pure energy.

These energies were finally refined by Xiao Yan, and now they have finally been completely refined. The next step is the most critical step in refining the medicinal pills!

Fusion, becoming a pill, attracting thunder, success!