Chapter Vol 4 855: King Xuanling's Trick

"Half-immortal powerhouse?" Immortal Mingque's disdainful eyes suddenly became slightly moved, and then he stared directly at the old man in commoner who seemed to be extremely ordinary in front of him.

Although the undead Mingque said that the strength is a real fighting fairy, but at this time in the ruins of the bright moon fairy, the strength was forcibly suppressed to the peak of the fighting emperor, and the Solomon sect master did not know what method to use, and the strength was impressively half. Fairy!

This made the Undead Might Sparrow a little surprised, but not afraid, after all, this is his own territory.

"Sect Master." At this time, Guni jumped directly to the old man's side and called out respectfully.

"Good, you Guni, you actually use such a ridiculous method." Seeing this, Hua Le couldn't help but scolded.

This ruin is stipulated that the seven-star Dou Di perfected powerhouse cannot enter, otherwise they will be bombarded to scum by the mysterious ban, but I don't know why the Solomon Sect Master can enter.

"The relics of the Fairy Moon are truly extraordinary. Just trying to get in here takes a lot of effort."

"That kind of price, even if I am a semi-immortal strong man, is quite heart-wrenching."

"But with you here, I think everything is worth it." The old Solomon Sect Master spoke slowly, his voice full of confidence and greed.

"Hahaha!"

"It's too ridiculous for you to think that you want to subdue your soul just because you are a mere half-immortal." Undead Ming Que Que said in disbelief.

"Yes and no, try to know." Solomon Sect Master finished speaking, without hesitation, he put his toes on the lava, and then several strands of lava exploded in an instant, blasting away at the undead ghost, with a speed of Hurry up, like a bow spin!

"Small worm-carving trick!" The undead Mingque hummed softly, and then the gray wings behind him fluttered slightly.

Gently incite, this seemingly terrifying molten melt instantly dissipated!

"Ghost eating hands!" With a loud drink, the hands of the Solomon Sect Master suddenly became weird, and a stream of extremely thick black liquid appeared, and the black liquid instantly wrapped the palm of Solomon Sect Master, filled with a kind of Evil taste.

"I have long heard that Sect Master Solomon is acting strangely, and the origin is unknown. The master has long said that he should be more wary of this guy. I never thought that this guy's methods are so evil."

"And this power seems a bit like a ghost world." Song Yue quickly calculated in his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Gonny, this **** fellow!" Wang Xie couldn't help scolding when he saw this.

Their Solomon sect master is the most bizarre and mysterious among all the sects in Xuan Santian, so for this kind of access to the ruins, they must have used some shady method.

But at this time, Wang Xie didn't dare to show it rashly, otherwise he would anger the Solomon Sect Master. With his own strength, he would be instantly killed.

"This guy really makes me underestimate." At this time, Qi Haoqing's pupils exuded an evil blood color, apparently being controlled by the blood curse.

"However, Qi Haoqing's body is really weak, and he can only exert his strength in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, which is not enough."

"Let Lord Solomon and this guy fight for a while."

"The rest is mine."

"I don't know King Xuanling, are you ready..." Qi Haoqing said wickedly.

In a place far away from the ruins, the Xuanling Royal Family, the people of the Dragon-loving Legion here are already ready to go.

In front of them all, a blood-colored formation filled the entire room, and the whole room was rendered quite evil by the strange blood-colored formation.

"There won't be anything wrong with this thing, right?" Yaoxin said suddenly, obviously since he returned from the desert of death, he has been slightly different from King Xuanling. Now King Xuanling is summoning them, he can't help but feel a little unhappy.

"Don't worry, this time it's about fighting the soul, King Xuanling doesn't dare to mess around." Qin Tian, ​​who was sitting quietly in the first place, opened his eyes slightly and said.

Regarding Dou Soul, King Xuanling thought that he could tempt him with a holy flame, but he was really wrong!

Not to mention that the holy flame is extremely unruly and untamable, it is extremely difficult to approach it, let alone swallow it, so Qin Tiancai promised King Xuanling to help him go to the ruins to plunder the fighting spirit.

However, Qin Tian didn't expect that King Xuanling had come up with such a mysterious formation from nowhere.

With the help of this formation and the special marks on the Qi Haoran brothers, they can go directly to the depths of the ruins from here!

And I don't know what King Xuanling gave them. It is said that he can use his full strength in the ruins for a short time!

However, Qin Tian didn't sense anything strange from what he was taking, otherwise Qin Tian would definitely not take it with his vigilance.

That is to say, their current strength will not be affected in the slightest by the ban set by Fairy Moon.

"Strange, why haven't these two brothers, Qi Haoran, activated the imprint, is there something wrong?" Xuan Mo, who was beside him, couldn't help asking.

"Wait." Qin Tian was naturally in no hurry and closed his eyes.

After Qin Tian finished speaking, many powerhouses were also silent. They knew that going to the ruins this time to plunder the fighting spirit was very dangerous, but the victory was that King Xuanling promised them a lot of benefits. In addition, they were originally Xuanling. The worship of the royal family, so it is not easy to refuse.

In the Xuanling royal family, there is an ancient place where there are many plaques neatly arranged, but without exception, there are some soul marks printed on them, which are obviously used to record the life and death of people in the Xuanling royal family.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, among the plaques, a plaque burst open instantly, turning into a sky full of powder.

Wen Zi, who had been standing by for a long time, smiled slightly and said, "As expected, it was not as expected by my king. Qi Haoran fell, but I don't know who fell."

After Wen Zi finished speaking, he quickly walked towards King Xuanling's palace.

"My king."

"Qi Haoran's soul card just shattered."

"It is indeed fallen." Wen Zi came to the palace of King Xuanling after a while and said respectfully.

"Okay."

"I hope this kid will fall into the hands of Fenxiang Pavilion or Wanhua Pavilion. At that time, I can use this excuse to let them..."

"Hahaha!" When Xuanling King heard the words, he suddenly laughed.

"It's just a pity for that blood curse." The next moment, King Xuanling said slowly.

"Go down and stare at Qin Tian and the underground palace." King Xuanling asked, and Wen Zi disappeared.

As Wen Zi disappeared, King Xuanling closed the gate of the palace tightly, and then he muttered to himself.

"Qin Tian, ​​ah, Qin Tian, ​​although you are a noble uncle, your ambitions are too high. I'm afraid Dou Emperor Peak has troubled you for too long, and you can't wait any longer."

"But it's alright, the fighting spirit and you will both be mine."

"Do you really think the mysterious power I gave you is harmless?"

"Qin Tian, ​​you are naturally vigilant, but there are times when you miscalculate. I have added special things to the things you take."

"You can indeed exert your full strength when you enter the ruins, but Qin Tian, ​​you will die this time!"

"If it wasn't for the need for strong people, I'm afraid I would swallow the other dragon-loving legions as well."

"And Sheng Yan and the late emperor who was sealed by Medusa's petrified pupil!"

"At that time, the entire Xuan Santian and even the Xuanling Continent will be mine."

"Only me can make our Xuanling Continent completely get rid of the weakest title in Dou Di Continent." Xuanling King said quite frantically.

It's just that on the surface of King Xuanling's body, there is an extremely dark cloud, exuding an evil gas like an evil race from outside the realm, and that kind of evil power is probably the only one who is fighting immortals.

It's ten today