Chapter Vol 4 2202: Temporarily retreat the strong enemy!

"Boom!"

The battle between Xiao Yan and the old chieftain set off a monstrous energy ripple on the edge of the elf island, causing the void to vibrate endlessly. This level of battle is really rare in the relatively closed fire elf station.

"Xiao Yi, the second brother's situation doesn't seem very optimistic."

Lina and Xiaoyi joined forces, and the purple flames on their bodies showed signs of merging, so they were able to repel the strong enemy in one fell swoop, freeing up some free time to watch Xiao Yan on the sky constantly being chased by the elders, hurriedly opened his mouth.

"Don't worry, since the second brother is here, he must have his plans."

"Our top priority right now is to stop the elf warriors from the Western Tribe for the second brother, and we must not add any burden to the second brother."

Xiao Yi Junmei's face cast a glance at the battle circle between Xiao Yan and the old chieftain. The aftermath of that level of battle made his eyelids jump violently. Looking at the many strong men in the western tribe in front of him, he snorted coldly.

As soon as the words fell, the purple flames on the two of them became more turbulent, and they immediately became one in the battlefield, but the power of the purple flames was tyrannical in ordinary flames.

"Boom!"

The old chief raised his finger, and a mysterious wave filled the air. The brown flames in his body lingered on his fingertips. He actually predicted the place where Xiao Yan would land next. With a single finger, the brown flame pierced the sky and banged hard. On top of Xiao Yan's body.

"Squeak."

At the same time, Xiao Yan concentrated on conveying the source of holy flame to the small flame cauldron. Being hit by this guy like this, the immortal golden body shrank rapidly. Although there was no trace of breaking, a terrifying shock wave spread from the immortal golden body. , which made Xiao Yan feel dizzy.

"The first level of reincarnation is really extraordinary...but that's it!"

"Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus!"

Xiao Yan roared, the flame cauldron trembled slightly, and instantly appeared on Xiao Yan's palm. At the same time, a beautiful fire lotus seed carrying a majestic energy quietly dormant in Xiao Yan's hand.

Even if the perfect and delicate lotus seeds have not been released, the aura contained in them makes everyone in this space feel an extremely heavy aura!

"Gulu... what kind of power is this?"

The old man's pupils shrank violently, his eyes were full of astonishment, his eyes fixed on the small flame cauldron on Xiao Yan's palm!

Since the appearance of this flaming cauldron, the power in the chieftain's body has produced an extremely tyrannical fear!

Even if he knew that Xiao Yan was carrying a holy flame, he had great restraint on himself, but the advantage was that the difference in strength between the two was too large. He thought in his heart that this gap could not be made up by holy flames. reason.

"Five-color Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus!"

Xiao Yan slowly raised his hand, the delicate tiny lotus seed in the palm of his hand was like a black hole, slowly blooming with endless flame coercion.

The vast and majestic five-color flame ripples suddenly spread with Xiao Yan as the center. In that flame, there are several completely different powers, just emerging, the entire stable void is shaking, even the purple flame that existed before. , all shaking violently!

"This lunatic!"

At this moment, the face of the old chief finally completely solidified. Based on his experience, he naturally knew how terrifying the attack intensity that Xiao Yan was using now.

"Fire Spirit Flame!"

Feeling Xiao Yan's nearly destroyed five-colored fire lotus, the old chief had a cold face, a rare light flashed across his eyes, all the energy in the body stirred together, and the brown flames swept out, condensing into a thousand-meter energy soul shadow. , roaring away like a beast.

"Boom!"

Two boundless energy fluctuations collided violently in this world. Even if the people fighting around were far apart, they could clearly smell the scalp tingling feeling!

"Gulu... This kind of power can really be displayed by a human with the strength of an eight-star fighting immortal?"

Feeling the pervading energy of this unprecedented destruction, the elf warriors on both sides stopped fighting involuntarily, and turned out to be working together to cast an energy barrier to prevent the spread of their power!

"Wong buzzing!"

"It's not over yet... Blast me!"

Looking at the brown flames and five-color lotus seeds that were evenly matched for a while, Xiao Yan's voice sounded like a demon in this world.

"not good!"

Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, the pupils of the old chief shrank violently, and his vision became blurred. The power of reincarnation and brown flames slanted out together, turning into a brown river, trying to stop the self-destruction of the fire lotus!

"Boom!"

No matter what the old chief did, the fire lotus burst suddenly under the control of Xiao Yan, and the surging power fell from the sky, forcibly burning this stable void into a mess.

The gorgeous five-color flame exudes a strong aura of exhaustion and decay. It seems that under its power, whether it is the void or the life of an elf warrior, it will easily decay.

"Leave me alone!"

Feeling that the old chief had the slightest intention of retreating, Xiao Yan's body was blessed by many forces, and he turned into a flaming meteor, directly strung into the center of the explosion, trying to hit the old chief with a fatal blow!

The information that Aisha said is not accurate. The reincarnation powerhouses in this western tribe have a number of reincarnation powerhouses in these few battles alone, but the strength of this chieftain at the first level of reincarnation is undoubtedly the western tribe. If the middle-weight guy can be bound and imprisoned, it will also be a devastating blow to the Western Tribe.

"A arrogant person, don't go too far!"

And just when Xiao Yan started to move to prepare for a powerful strike, a light butterfly-shadowed woman pierced the sky and appeared in the sight of countless elves.

"what is this?"

When this moving voice sounded, Xiao Yan only felt that his mind was in a trance for a moment?

Countless eyes raised and looked at the sky, and then a butterfly shadow woman composed of energy appeared above the chief elder out of thin air. Under everyone's attention, the latter slowly stretched out a slender jade hand and burst into the five-color fire lotus below. The aura of destruction that came out pressed down.

"Boom!"

Countless butterfly shadows slanted from their energy bodies, suddenly intertwined with the bursting five-color fire lotus with extremely hot and mysterious power.

Butterfly Ying's ascension turned out to be an instant burst of terrifying high temperature that was no less than the power of holy flame, evaporating the holy flame power that was enough to threaten this space .

"Retreat."

After doing all this, the energy butterfly shadow seems to have used up all of its strength and dissipates easily, but the orders contained in the voice, even the chiefs, have to obey.

"Crack!"

As soon as the voice fell, the energy body just disappeared.

"Damn humans..."

"Western tribe, retreat!"

The old chief cast a remorseful glance at Xiao Yan, Xiaoyi and the others, and immediately waved his hand, and took many elf warriors from the western tribe and left here in an instant.

"What was that just now?"

Xiao Yan had some doubts in his heart. It seemed that the butterfly shadow woman who had just passed away in a flash had the power in her body that should not be underestimated.

"Commander of the Western Tribe, Alice."

"The strength of the first-level reincarnation, it is said that among the fire elves, some second-level elders are unable to defeat her."

Xiao Yi leaned over and said.

"Okay, now that the crisis is over, let's rectify this place properly."

"When you've sorted it out, it's time to compete for the fire elves... After all, I'm here to help you this time."

Xiao Yan said with a smile, there was a rare sense of relief and relief in his voice.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: