Chapter Vol 4 1392: Dangerous time!

"No...don't!" At this moment, Xiao Yan and Du Qifei, who were constantly fleeing, let out a coquettish anger, and then a beautiful figure suddenly broke free from Xiao Yan's restraint, facing the restrained The place where Du Tianhong was below exploded and shot away.

"This is a bad thing..." On Xiao Yan's face, a shock appeared, and then his eyes locked on the black fog that was laughing violently in the sky, and the figure shot him away.

Obviously, without Duo Qifei's knowledge, it was difficult to know what Duo Tianhong wanted to do, and Xiao Yan only vaguely guessed that the specific plan was probably only known by Du Tianhong himself.

"Weng Om!" Duo Tianhong, who was bound by the blood-colored chains, had a very weak breath. Seeing Duo Qifei's speed skyrocketing and coming towards him, he gritted his teeth viciously. It was obvious that he had not made it to this point. .

"Xiao Yan, take her away!" A cold snort filled the sky directly. Duo Tianhong, who was bound by the blood-colored chains, couldn't exert any power and could only shout.

"Qifei, come with me!" Xiao Yan caught up with Du Qifei after a while, and then blocked his way, and said solemnly.

Whether Duo Tianhong did it on purpose or for other reasons, this half-step Five-Star Fighting Immortal Soul Guard was definitely not something the two of them could handle.

"Xiao Yan, I think you are a very good friend. If you are still my friend, please get out of the way." Duan Qifei's pupils were full of shocking killing intent, and a steady stream of thunder power continued to permeate. When he came out, Xiao Yan had a creepy feeling when he saw it.

"Qifei, believe me." Xiao Yan also said helplessly, it was obvious that Du Qifei at this moment had already been carried away by hatred.

"Get out of the way!" After a few breaths, the thunder on Duo Qifei's body became more and more dazzling, and he shouted at Xiao Yan who was standing in front of him. If he didn't save his father, he was afraid that his father would be in danger and he would have lost his mother. I can't lose my father.

"Offended!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, then cast a vicious glance at the black fog behind Duan Tianhong that was applying a stronger horizontal seal, and said.

"Susu..."

"None of you can escape!"

"Dark fog fills the sky!" An angry roar made a deafening sound like a fierce beast, and the strange black energy that covered the sky and the ground immediately flickered towards Xiao Yan's location.

In the black mist, there is a sinister and strange aura, if it is contaminated at all, I am afraid that it will be assimilated immediately!

"Xiao Yan, how dare you!" Duo Qifei couldn't help but be shocked when he noticed the sudden surge of soul power and vindictiveness in Xiao Yan's body.

"You Ming Tian Trance!" A crisp cry, and suddenly the soul power from the source of the ocean suddenly diffused out, and then under Xiao Yan's subtle control, attacked Du Qifei.

"Pfft." Duo Qifei didn't think that Xiao Yan would do such a trick, and his eyes immediately fell into a dull state, but Xiao Yan's mastery of soul attack is very subtle, so it did not harm Du Qifei's other things, at best it was just to make She fell into a coma.

"Take her away!" Until now, Du Tianhong's expression slowly showed a trace of pain.

"Susu..."

"Where to run!" Seeing Xiao Yan hug Duo Qifei, who was in a sluggish state, and ran away, Heiwu couldn't help but said angrily.

He had just used the soul lock of his life to seal Du Tianhong, and he had injected a very tyrannical confinement and consumed a lot of power. At this time, it was undoubtedly difficult to deal with Xiao Yan and the two who were desperate to escape.

"Since I can't catch you, then I'll give you a big gift!"

"Blood Soul Sword and Crossbow!" The strange figure under the black mist looked at Xiao Yan and the two who were farther and farther away, and immediately smiled slowly, a suffocating wave of terror brewed.

I saw that the black fog that was attacking Xiao Yan and the two of them in the sky suddenly condensed in the void, and then turned into a blood-colored sword and crossbow the size of thousands of meters!

Above the sword and crossbow, there was a trace of resentment of a lonely soul and a wild ghost, and an earth-shattering chill suddenly emerged.

"asshole!"

"asshole!"

"asshole!"

"You let me go!"

"That's my father... If I don't go back, he will die!"

"I'm begging you!" Feeling the weak aura in his body, a trace of tears appeared on Duan Qifei's pretty face immediately, his pupils were red, and he roared with a cry, and even his hands kept beating Xiao Yan's chest.

"Qifei... This time, just believe it."

"Master Forging Valley will be fine, I swear to you with my life." Xiao Yan, also a strong man, endured Du Qifei's beating and said softly.

Don't look at Du Qifei's daughter, but the two-star Dou Xian is a complete powerhouse, and in a state of absentmindedness, every time he beats Xiao Yan's chest away, it is a great torture.

"Hey!" Just when Xiao Yan and Du Qifei escaped from here, the **** sword and crossbow suddenly cut through the void without making any sound, and suddenly came to the two of them.

"It's too late..." Xiao Yan's eyes snorted coldly, and then his eyes closed slightly, the first transformation of the Dragon God was directly displayed, and a faint golden light appeared on the body, and then he turned over directly, abruptly. With his own body, he tried to stop the **** sword and crossbow!

"Humph!"

"A mere two-star fighting immortal, actually trying to stop my attack, it's beyond your own power!" Hei Wu couldn't help laughing when he saw Xiao Yan's appearance. Xiao Yan's actions were tantamount to sending him to death.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the space teleportation formation was completely condensed out. Somewhere in this space, abruptly squirmed, but at the same time as entering the space teleportation formation, the blood-colored sword and crossbow also quietly disappeared. to.

"Boom!" Originally, the attack point of the blood-colored sword and crossbow was Du Qifei, but at the critical moment, Xiao Yan turned around, and the target suddenly shifted. It hit Xiao Yan's body.

"Ahhh!" The blood-colored sword and crossbow had just touched Xiao Yan's body, and was immediately blocked by a dazzling khaki flame and a faint golden light, but as time passed, the power of the two instantly became completely pierced.

"Pfft." With a sound, the blood-colored sword and crossbow suddenly passed through Xiao Yan's chest like a stunned bow, and pierced Xiao Yan's body abruptly with a blood-colored skeleton. Xiao Yan's complexion was also pale!

But even so, no one noticed that the inner wall of the skeleton on Xiao Yan's chest was completely protected by a trace of extremely strange black energy and golden aura. This power is similar to that of Soul Eater. The power of the Lord and the power of the first transformation of the Dragon God.

"No!" When Du Qifei saw this, a deep self-blame appeared on her pretty face.

"Go!" Xiao Yan was hit so hard. Although he was seriously injured, he didn't care at all. He took Du Qifei directly and disappeared into the space teleportation formation, disappearing into this strange space.

"Hehe, hit by my blood soul sword and crossbow, the master of this holy flame will surely fall."

"Forge Master... This time, I still won the battle."

"Hahaha." Seeing Duan Tianhong being completely sealed, Xiao Yan was pierced out of thin air by his own blood soul sword and crossbow, and under the black mist, strange laughter could not be heard.

"Little guy...Thanks to you this time..." Seeing Xiao Yan and Du Qifei disappearing in the distance, Duan Tianhong felt a little sadness in his heart.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: