Chapter 185: Wujiang's strategy, hit the ghost emperor!

The ghost fire in mid-air seemed to know how to bully the soft and fear the hard, and then attacked Yueru!

However, just when the ghost fire was about to attack Yue Ru, Yue Ru suddenly became strangely sluggish, and then Xiao Yan pulled Yue Ru to the back with one hand, and then slapped the ghost fire heavily with the other hand!

"Bang bang bang!"

The ghost fire was instantly disintegrated under Xiao Yan's attack.

"Are you okay?" Xiao Yan also asked with a frown.

"It's alright, it's just that this ghost fire seems very strange, it specifically attacks my soul!" Yue Ru also said thoughtfully.

Xiao Yan also nodded, because when Xiao Yan attacked the ghost fire just now, he also discovered that the ghost fire contains an unknown power, but one thing is certain, this unknown power is designed to attack and destroy people. Soul.

"Be careful." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"Mu Feng, you are well-informed, what do you think this thing is?" Xiao Yan also turned his head and asked.

"This ghost fire should only appear in the graveyard, because the rotting corpse will emit some strange things, and when the gas is not circulating, this kind of ghost fire will be created."

"However, most of the ghost fires are just some unowned and unconscious things, and they don't attack people, which is a bit strange." Mu Feng also said solemnly.

"It may be that something in this cave is controlling this ghost fire!" Mu Feng also said, since Mu Feng has been dealing with monsters and ghosts all year round, it is naturally not difficult to guess.

Hearing that, the three of them were also extra careful, and then headed towards the depths of the cave.

Xiao Yan's huge soul power shrouded the cave to prevent danger from happening.

Xiao Yan's face showed a hint of surprise, because his scattered soul power detected different information. There seemed to be a powerful creature hidden in the depths of the cave. Unfortunately, the creature's body was composed of ghost energy, which blocked Xiao Yan. Therefore, Xiao Yan only understood this.

In the past, with his excellent soul power, he was able to perceive many things that were difficult for ordinary people to perceive, but now this is something that Xiao Yan has never encountered before.

The three slowly advanced, and soon came to the central part of the cave, where ghost energy is very strong, obviously there are powerful ghosts hiding here to cultivate.

The arrival of Xiao Yan and the three of them immediately caused chaos in the cave. I saw countless black gases changing into various shapes in the middle of the cave, very strange.

At the same time, countless black qi rushed towards Xiao Yan and the three of them, as if they wanted to devour them.

Xiao Yan looked at the black gas around him with a hint of surprise in his eyes.

At this moment, a strong and domineering aura suddenly erupted from his whole body, and then his whole body was wrapped in flames, like a **** of fire descending to the earth, and instantly forced those black gases to keep dodging and condensing together.

A silent yin wind and ghost qi resounded from the cave in an instant, looking very terrifying.

There was a hint of doubt at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and the flames on his body instantly burst into brilliance, illuminating the surroundings of the cave.

The black gas in mid-air suddenly had nowhere to hide, all of which were revealed.

At this moment, a black figure suddenly rushed behind Xiao Yan. The terrifying black figure seemed to want to tear him apart and swallow him.

At the same moment, nine different black shadows flashed from nine directions, with different auras, all of them fiercely rushed towards Xiao Yan.

"Be careful!" Xiao Yan said, and then the huge flames attacked in nine directions at the same time!

The violent energy in the different fire is the most masculine and strong, and it also has a great suppression against this ghost.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The nine shadows were also defeated by Xiao Yan's attack, and then they converged into one and fled to the depths of the cave.

"Don't chase." Xiao Yan also said.

All of this happened in the blink of an eye, and Mu Feng also had a new understanding of Xiao Yan.

In the cold pond, the blood-red water gradually became clear.

"It's about time." A gloomy voice came from the pool, and two black beams of light shot out from the cold pool.

The black beam of light directly wrapped Hu Du and Wu Jiang towards the cold pool.

As soon as the black beam of light touched the two of them, it disappeared strangely!

"Haha, I wonder who is so bold, it turns out to be the "Twin Ghost Emperor"." A provocative voice also slowly echoed in the stone room.

"Who is it!" There was also an exclamation from inside the cold pool.

"Who else could it be, isn't it the two of us you want to devour?" After speaking, it was revealed that it was Hu Du and Wu Jiang.

"Since you know my name, then let's get hold of it soon!" There was also a cold snort from Han Chi.

"Hehe, if it were normal, it would be no match for you, but now you have just broken through the seal, and you are only "one body", so you can still be afraid of you!" Wu Jiang also snorted coldly.

"Why are you talking so much nonsense? Just kill him to avenge the newcomer who died like this!" Hu Du also said angrily.

"damn it!"

"How can you not be affected by "Ecstasy"?" There was also a doubt in the cold pool.

"It's not the first day I've dealt with your ghosts. If we don't realize this, then we..." After Wu Jiang finished speaking, his strength was stimulated to the extreme.

"What's the matter, want to run?"

"Isn't it possible to restore power after absorbing so much blood?" Wu Jiang also said, and then formed a front and back attack with Hu Du, and walked towards Hanchi.

"Hahaha!"

"A five-star fighting emperor and a six-star fighting emperor just want to kill this emperor!"

"It's just a fool's dream!" There was also a roar from the cold pool.

Hu Du and Wu Jiang's terrifying strength inspired Lingli Zhizhi, and then walked towards Hanchi step by step.

They are very clear that the true strength of this "twin ghost emperor" is comparable to that of the human seven-star fighting emperor. At the beginning, the seal was also abolished. Now it has just broken the seal, and half of it is sealed in Infernal corpse forest, so the two of them are quite confident in dealing with this "twin ghost emperor".

"Burning Heaven Palm!"

"Burning Silent Fingers!"

Hu Du and Wu Jiang also knew that this "twin ghost emperor" was weak at this time, so every shot was a full blow!

A palm print and a finger print containing terrifying power went towards Hanchi!

The two terrifying energies also brought a monstrous atmosphere in the stone room!

"damn it!"

"Ghost explosion!"

The "Twin Ghost Emperor" in the cold pool also shouted loudly. At this time, he also knew that he had just broken through the **** seal, and his body was too weak. At this time, if he was dealing with the strength of a five-star Dou Emperor and a six-star Dou Emperor. The owner then his fate is also extremely bleak!

So the "Twin Ghost Emperor" didn't hesitate, instantly detonated the ghost qi in his body, and then corresponded with the ghost qi in Hanchi and this passage, and the terrifying explosion sounded in this passage!

"damn it!"

"Let's go!" Wu Jiang also snorted coldly, and then fled here with Hu Du.

"Burning Heaven Palm!"

"Burning Quiet Fingers!" The two terrifying fighting skills brought the monstrous weather and the Ghost Emperor's self-destruction viciously collided together!

Even if Hu Du and Wu Jiang tried to kill the ghost emperor again, it would be fruitless. After all, the ancestors didn't kill it and could only seal it, so they had no choice but to do it and escaped from here.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying energy overflowed in this passage, and the cold pool was beyond recognition, and the stone chamber no longer existed.

After the terrifying explosion, all that was left was a mess.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"damn it!"

"Next time, I'll let you all come back and forth!" The twin ghost emperors also said weakly.

At this time, you can already see the true face of the twin ghost emperors!

It has the same face as a human, but strangely, the whole body seems to be perfectly divided from the middle, and only the left side of the body has a face, a hand, and a foot, while the right side of the whole body is like Nothing like blank paper!

Ask for a monthly pass for a recommendation!