Chapter Vol 4 2028: The game of life and death, the forest of death!

"Crash!" After the evil scholar finished speaking, the dazzling blood energy around his body was released, instantly shrouding countless powerhouses, and a trace of dark sand quietly landed in everyone's body.

"What exactly is this guy selling?" Feeling the swirling void around him, Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask, as if the evil and enchanting scholar had already teleported them to some special void by tyrannical means.

After the rest, everyone came to a forest.

There are trees in the sky in the whole space here. The trees are full of dead silence and awe. On the surrounding ground, the smell of blood is extremely strong. An inch of land, every trace of air is extremely corroded, this terrifying scenery washes everyone's minds and hearts, it seems that they are very close to death

"Welcome to my game, the board of life and death."

"This is the Forest of Death. Only humans who have successfully passed the Forest of Death are eligible to play chess with me."

"At the same time, the outcome of the chess game is related to the life and death of all of you, so decide who can fight me."

"I wish you good luck." The evil spirit scholar's frantic voice was extremely harsh, echoing faintly in this forest of death.

"King, is this too risky for you?"

"The chessboard of death is the 20th evil tool in our foreign evil clan. If you lose, we will also be punished by the evil tool, because no one has been able to escape since ancient times. At that time, I am afraid we will suffer the consequences." The evil and enchanting scholar stood on the altar, looking at the tens of thousands of spiritual bodies in the forest of death on the chessboard, the evil origin that controlled Gu Yuan's body couldn't help but said.

"Humph!"

"What do you know!"

"Those evil gods are high above and think they can control us, but compared to my art, what is it?"

"This is art, and it cannot be profaned." The Xie Mei Scholar was too lazy to pay attention to it, smiled slightly, and did not continue to speak. He continued to sit on the black throne, looking at the phantom on the chessboard, watching the actions of Xiao Yan and others.

"This guy is really a lunatic." On the edge of the forest of death, Gu Yuan looked at the dead forest in front of him and couldn't help shaking his head.

"Senior Gu Yuan, what's going on?" Xiao Yan, Xun'er and Bronze elders approached slightly and asked Gu Yuan, but the tens of thousands of spirits behind them were quietly standing on the edge of the forest of death, without them nod, there will be no action.

"The chessboard of death, this is the twentieth-ranked evil tool among the extraterrestrial evil races."

"It takes a lot of time and countless blood to cast it. The caster, as a chess player, will be tested in the forest of death after casting, and another chess player will be selected to compete with him."

"Its role is to use all the creatures on the chessboard as a bargaining chip. The victory or defeat of the two chess players on the chessboard determines the life and death of everyone behind them." Gu Yuan's expression flashed with a rare solemnity, Unexpectedly, he just broke free from the control of the demon, but was involved in such a terrifying incident.

"Zizi!" Listening to Gu Yuan's solemn explanation, the brand in Xiao Yan's palm became flickering.

"Be careful, there is not only evil aura in this evil tool, but the underworld aura is even stronger." The Dark Underworld Master communicated with Xiao Yan through the handprint branding.

"The power of the underworld?" Xiao Yan said hesitantly after hearing this.

"Look at these things." After the breath, under the guidance of the Dark Underworld Master, Xiao Yan also came to a clear understanding, and immediately grabbed lightly into the void, and traces of dark matter emerged like grains of sand.

"What is this?" Xun'er, Gu Yuan and the others around him hurriedly surrounded Xiao Yan's actions.

"This is dark matter. When we entered here, it has taken root in our body. Once the chess player fails, we will be completely destroyed by it."

"Of course, on the contrary, if we win, the evil scholar, including all the forces behind him that rule the ancient clan, will also be destroyed in the evil gear."

"This is the terrifying part of the dark power, and it is also the rule of the underworld. Even an evil and enchanting scholar who is as strong as an eight-star fighting fairy can't change it." Xiao Yan told the information he knew in one breath.

"..." Listening to Xiao Yan's explanation, several people present and tens of thousands of spiritual bodies shook their heads at the same time. The entire border of the death forest was deadly quiet. Everyone knew that what Xiao Yan said was true, but this was related to the lives of countless strong people. On the chessboard, no one dared to make a sound.

"Brother Xiao Yan, let me go." Seeing the appearance in front of him, Xun'er put her slender hands on her back, turned gracefully, and turned her back to Xiao Yan.

Now that he is also the new patriarch of the ancient clan, he should provoke this role, both public and private.

"No, the ancients need you." Xiao Yan grabbed Xun'er, his voice very firm.

"I'll go."

"Xun'er this girl took over my position, I am also very pleased. I have done too many wrong things in the past, so let me, the unqualified patriarch, make up for it once." Looking at Xiao Yan and Xun'er struggling, Gu Yuan endured He couldn't help but smile.

"I'm sorry Senior Gu Yuan, I'm afraid I'll have to go alone this time." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile, with a resolute aura in his voice.

"No!" Gu Yuan and Xun'er snorted coldly at the same time and refused.

Of course Xun'er wouldn't let Xiao Yan take risks, Gu Yuan also saw the potential in this kid, and naturally he wouldn't ruin his future in vain.

"I know a little about the power of darkness and dark matter, and I also know a thing or two about the game of chess... If you are willing to give me your life and death, I am willing to give it a try." Xiao Yan suddenly turned around, and a voice sounded , so that tens of thousands of spiritual bodies can hear it clearly.

"Isn't there any other way..." Listening to Xiao Yan's solemn words, the spirits behind them were unable to sigh and said, their strength is extraordinary, and their status is not low, and their future prospects are limitless, but how could they fall into this place? In the midst of a horrific catastrophe?

"Dark matter has penetrated our body. If we escape without fighting, we will all fall here soon."

"We still have a 50% chance of winning the chessboard battle..." Xiao Yan knew that this kind of thing couldn't be forced, so he could only clarify the relationship between them and wait for their decision.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I believe in you."

"The old man is also. UU reading www.uukanshu.com" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, without any thought, Xun'er and Gu Yuan father and daughter took a step forward at the same time, smiled at Xiao Yan, there was a touch of unreservedness in his voice of trust.

"I also agree with Brother Xiao Yan to be the life-and-death chessboarder." After a while, Gu Yuan, Bronze Gu Yulan and others nodded their heads.

"We are willing to hand over our life and death to Lord Xiao Yan." The rear was quiet for a while, and then the harsh thunder sounded out.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan nodded solemnly, and immediately bowed to several high-level executives beside him, and saluted the tens of thousands of spiritual bodies behind him.

"Madam, don't move around here after I leave, and see how your husband breaks his life-and-death chessboard." The dashing voice faded away, and Xiao Yan's figure slowly stepped into the forest of death.

"If anything happens to him, all the powerhouses of our ancient clan will spontaneously ignite their origins and die together with the evil and charming scholar." Gu Yuan looked at Xiao Yan's leaving figure and said to Xun'er.

"He'll be fine."

"Because he is Xiao Yan, a descendant of Xiao Yan... and my husband." The elegant voice sounded slightly, but everyone knew that there was a touch of unreserved trust in this light voice, as well as a touch of monstrous chill. Power!

It is unimaginable that once Xiao Yan fails, what kind of terrifying fire of anger will be faced by the evil scholar.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: