Chapter 154: The place of test selection, Xuan 3 days!

Xuantian Santian is the place with the largest population and the most powerful people on the Xuanling Continent. It is also the place with the most fertile and fertile land and resources.

Because in these countless years, Xuan Santian has nurtured countless children of the heavens. Some of them have become overlords and established factions.

However, with the invasion of some natural disasters or small-scale wars in other parts of the Xuanling Continent, some people have also been destroyed. After all, this is the place where the powerhouses of the Xuanling Continent gather. It is also possible to find Dao shelter here, and then multiply in the city. Therefore, there are also some villages and small families with relatively few people. Most of them are attached to Xuan San. Under the super sect of the sky, there are some exceptions to be self-sufficient.

Xuan Santian is mostly a mountain range full of emperor energy. Every mountain is huge, and there are many legends of all kinds within the mountain, such as the love between people and ghosts, and the three lives and three generations are continuing their love...

In the mountains of these peaks, in addition to the presence of monsters, there are also hidden ghosts and ghosts who broke through the seal and entered Daoxuan three days before, and participated in the attack on Xuantian three days. They escaped by luck when they were sealed and sealed, but Even so, they didn't dare to provoke human beings too much. After all, if they angered those powerhouses within Xuan Santian, their fate would also be...

However, although these monsters and monsters dare not provoke any super sects, they have caused huge damage to ordinary people. After all, most of the ordinary people are of the fighting saint level, and their aptitude is mediocre. It is quite difficult to deal with these powerful monsters and monsters, so For the sake of safety, some people built mountain temples around the mountains to seek the protection of the mountain gods.

Years have passed, and there are more and more mountain temples in the mountains. Perhaps the mountain gods have sensed the will of the people and thus show their power. In the past hundred years, the people on this land have rarely had accidents. Respect is amazing.

In this regard, the super sects within the three days of Xuan are also helpless. Although they have sent a lot of manpower and material resources to encircle and suppress the remaining demons, ghosts, and monsters, I don’t know why they can always cleverly avoid the encirclement and suppression, so this is also a problem that plagues the super sects. big problem.

In addition, Xuantiantian is also a blessed land. Each mountain has some secrets. It is rumored that each mountain has its own beautiful legend.

In general, Xuan Santian can be summed up as one hundred thousand mountains!

But in addition, there are still some unknown wild places, just where it belongs to the restricted area of ​​human beings. Even though there are rumors that there are many treasures, but the strong people around the world do not dare to set foot easily. After all, the information about the wild places is also Too rare, treasure and life are obviously more important than the latter.

This is Xuan three days.

The "ferry" also landed slowly on a flat lay.

"It's here, come with me." Hu Du also opened his eyes and said.

"Is this Xuan Santian?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"This is the outermost part of Xuantian San, but the final destination of the people we are in charge of receiving and guiding will all come here, and people from the nine super sects will be jointly responsible for a series of tests and selections. Only those who meet the standards will be selected. It is possible to enter the Xuantian Santian to join the super sect, and if we fail, we can only return you to the same path." After speaking, he waved his hand, and a group of fighting qi was at the feet of the nine people, following the leadership of Hu Du, toward the The ground slowly descended.

The nine people sitting cross-legged on the Dou Qi light group also lit up with curiosity. Obviously, they all felt the strong Dou Qi, and the seven cities where they were located were countless times stronger.

The Dou Qi in the seven major cities can also be called Emperor Qi, but its concentration is only a little stronger than the Dou Qi on the Dou Qi Continent, so it is no wonder that a few people are so curious when they feel this strong Emperor Qi.

Because based on their perception, they naturally knew that if they could absorb this rich imperial energy for a long time, it would be of great benefit to their cultivation.

The crowd slowly descended on Hu Du's Dou Qi light group. During the process of their whereabouts, they suddenly discovered that they were looking into the distance from the place where they landed.

Pieces of rolling mountain peaks rise and fall one after another, the trees in the peaks stand tall like giants in the sky, and the clouds and mists are like a fairyland on earth.

Taking a closer look, the mist-like white gas seems to form a natural protective layer, slowly surrounding these mountains.

In the mountains, you can also see some looming buildings, presumably these buildings are sects.

Xiao Yan also exuded the power of his soul and felt it carefully, and slowly he felt a lot of powerful aura from these mountains. Even the head of the Yue Family, Yue Yu and the envoy Hu Du in front of him were jumping off the beam in front of him. The clown is general, and there are some extremely obscure breaths looming.

"It is indeed the place where the powerhouses of the Mysterious Spirit Continent gather." Xiao Yan also sighed involuntarily.

"Hahaha, that's natural." Hu Du also appreciated Xiao Yan, so he responded.

"Senior, what is this white mist, and my soul power doesn't seem to be able to sense it?" Liu Yin was obviously also curious, and the little cold on her shoulders also exuded a look of joy. Get excited.

"These white mists are the restrictions of various mountain peaks. Under the restrictions, no matter how powerful you are, you are also prohibited from flying and stepping in the air, so all areas in Xuantian San have a strong restriction First, these mountains are the location of some sects, in order to protect some of their little-known secrets, even though the sect is not famous, but there is still some background, and secondly, it is also to resist the invasion of monsters, after all, Xuan San The sky is a very fertile land, and it has made many monsters jealous."

"And every year, there are monsters and monsters that endanger some places, so in Xuansan three days, compared with the monsters and monsters, the monsters and monsters are obviously more disgusting." Hu Du also said, obviously he also has a grudge against these monsters and monsters.

"Okay, let's go to the test now. After the test, we can rest for a few days. After a few days, it will be the so-called selection."

"I don't know how many people will be in your group this time?" Hu Du also saw what Liu Yin was about to ask, and stopped him.

Hearing this, several people also nodded their heads. Although they were not in control of the "ferry", the month-long journey also made them physically and mentally exhausted, but this was also true for Dou Di powerhouses. Does not affect the test at all.

A few people were still in the air, and Xiao Yan was sharp-eyed. On the flat ground where their "ferry" was docked, a figure in blue clothes with the word "puppet" appeared early, as if he was waiting for them.

I don't know what happened this afternoon, but the power was cut off all of a sudden at home, and the mobile phone couldn't connect to the Internet. I'm really sorry.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

To everyone waiting for the update, I'm sorry.