Chapter 432: Earthwalker rout!

"A native of Tujia..."

"Pick up my sword!" Bing Xinyu held the cyan sword body in her hand, and a huge vindictive force continuously emerged from her body, and then poured into the cyan sword body in her hand.

"Small worm-carving trick!" The soilwalker murmured, but the terrifying yellow vindictive aura was emerging from his body!

The strength of the eight-star Dou Di in the middle stage is undoubtedly on display!

The next moment, the Earthwalker did not hesitate to spend a huge amount of vindictive energy, laying dozens of rock barriers around him in a row!

This Bing Xin is an eight-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouse, and the poisonous fighting qi that he cultivates is even more terrifying, so the earthwalkers definitely dare not underestimate the enemy.

"What a terrifying woman." After doing all this, the earthwalker breathed a sigh of relief and slowly stared at Bing Xin, only to find that Bing Xin at this moment seemed to be in a state of tranquility, standing silently in the same place!

If it weren't for the terrifying fluctuations slowly exuding from the cyan sword in his hand, the earthwalker would definitely think that the woman was asleep!

But is this really the case?

Just when the soilwalker was thinking, Bing was moved!

Bing Xin's beautiful eyes opened instantly, and a majestic killing intent suddenly emerged!

The figure was moving, roaring towards the place where the soilwalker was!

The extreme speed brought a terrifying strong wind, Bing Xinyu held the cyan sword in his hand, and the tip of the sword pointed directly at the soilwalker, like a wild horse that had run away, attacking the soilwalker like a broken bamboo!

"Bang bang bang!" A series of rock breaking sounds appeared, and at the same time, a rare heaviness appeared in the pupils of the soil walker!

Because what the Soil Walker saw in his pupils was that Bing Xin suddenly urged his fighting qi to gather on the cyan sword in his hand, and then with a mighty aura he faced the dozens of defenses around him!

one strike!

That is, he broke the eight rock defenses he had arranged, leaving only two defenses left!

The earthwalker also saw that the cyan sword body in Bing Xin's hand was not simple. The terrifying sword energy had just touched the rock defense, and an extremely terrifying force of corrosion appeared in an instant. First, the force of corrosion eroded his own body. Defense, followed by a terrifying sword energy, no wonder this Bing Xin was accepted as the third disciple by the master of the Poison Sect, no wonder he was able to break his eight layers of defense with one blow!

After a short stalemate, Bing Xin found that the soil walker's last second layer of defense could not be broken at all, no longer stopped, just closed his hand, and then jumped a few steps towards the rear!

"Where to go!"

"Rock Thrust!" Seeing this, the Soil Walker would have let go of this good opportunity, his body filled with fighting spirit, and he shouted loudly.

The attack that Bing Xin just launched cost a lot of money, so the soil walker seized this opportunity and attacked directly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" As the soil walker shouted, Bing Xin suddenly realized something was wrong. The next moment, Bing Xin felt that something was about to burst out of the ground, and then jumped away, Bing Xin's front foot just left. On the ground, above the original ground, a huge rock of dozens of meters suddenly emerged from the ground!

The top of the rock is extremely sharp. If such sharpness hits the key, I am afraid it can cause serious injuries in an instant!

"What a sharp rock thrust!" Bing Xin flashed past, and found that the place where he was originally had been destroyed by a sharp rock pillar of dozens of meters.

"Come again!" The Earthwalker shouted angrily!

During the battle at this time, Soilwalker kept calling sharp rock thrusts to attack Bingxin, but every attack was easily dodged by Bingxin. Sweat, obviously such a high-intensity profligate vindictiveness, even a soil walker in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor can't stand such profligacy!

"This Bingxin is really strange..."

"The people of the Poison Sect mainly practice poison fighting qi, and they mainly use thunder and poison to kill the enemy. I have never heard of the people of the Poison Sect using swordsmanship." Under the rock, the two held Among the silhouettes with swords, an older man said.

These two people are the people of Wanjianmen, known as the head of the Xuantian Super Sect.

The elder is called Jian Wuqing, and he has a high status in Wanjianmen. If you add that terrifying sword intent, I am afraid it will be no problem to deal with the complete powerhouse of the Eight Star Dou Di.

The other young man by Jian Wuqing's side, named Kendama, is a powerhouse in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. concerned.

"En?" Kendama was slightly puzzled when she heard the words.

"Look at it, I always feel that something is wrong." Jian Wuqing shook his head and said.

My little junior brother, although the sword intent he has cultivated is even more terrifying than himself, but because of this, he doesn't know about some human relationships.

"Although I don't know if there is anything strange about this Poison Sect woman, but with the terrifying fluctuations on her body, this will be a very strong opponent!" Kendama murmured, and a rare fiery flash appeared in her pupils!

Because apart from the elders in the Wanjianmen sect, among his peers, Kendama basically can't find an enemy, so now seeing this eight-star Dou Emperor's perfection level Bing Xin, the monstrous fighting spirit in his heart also emerged.

"Hey, we came here this time mainly to find out the final ownership of this Fire Qidan, so don't have any other strange thoughts."

"After all, I vaguely feel that there are some other powerful auras here besides us!" Jian ruthlessly looked around and said.

"Senior brother...you mean?" Kendama said in surprise as if she knew something.

"It's not someone from the Xuanling Royal Family, there is no reason for them to secretly steal the things they auctioned off... But what makes me even more strange is that the Xuanling Royal Family auction has just ended. Some of the powerful auras in it have disappeared, I don’t know if it’s my illusion.” Jian Wuqing opened his mouth and said It can make him, a powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, feel a vague aura. , in this Xuanling royal family, only the Dragon-loving Legion and the Xuanling King will have it... I just don't know why their aura has disappeared.

"It should be Senior Brother, you are overthinking it." Kendama stared at the battle in front of her, and said casually. Obviously, the only things that Kendama was interested in were battles and sword intent.

"Hopefully." Jian Wuqing was not thinking too much, but stared at the two people in front of him.

The battle at this time seems to have reached the white-hot stage. The yellow aura of the earthwalker's fighting qi has become disordered, and it is not at all stable at the beginning. It is obvious that the earthwalker's fighting qi has gradually weakened due to this long-term deal with Bingxin. stand up.

"The earth-type fighting spirit doesn't seem to be as stable as Mount Tai as in the legend." Seeing this, Bing Xin didn't move, but stood on a rock and looked at the soil walker whose forehead was full of sweat.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Eight-star Dou Di's consummation really deserves its reputation... I am ashamed." After the earthwalker finished speaking, he withdrew his fighting spirit, and then looked directly at Bing Xin.

"Farewell." After the two quietly looked at each other for a while, the Soil Walker said abruptly.

"Hey, soilwalker, are you in such a hurry to leave?"

"When old friends meet, why don't you stay and witness how Huoqidan changed hands." Just as the soilwalker was about to leave, a laughter came out.

Ask for tickets!