Chapter Vol 4 968: Kill 8 Star Doudi

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, you can't think of it!" At this time, Xuanmu's whole body was wrapped in hundreds of thousands of grievances, and the grievances were constantly attached to his body, making bursts of extremely mourning sounds, which looked extremely eerie and eerie.

"Humph."

"It seems that your Xuanling royal family and the ghost realm have a lot of collusion." Xiao Yan's huge holy flame power was easily blocked by the unjust spirit, but with his soul power, Xiao Yan was naturally aware of the tyrannical spirit in the unjust soul. , then said coldly.

According to Xiao Yan's estimation, an attack of that level is probably one of the best among the powerhouses in the ghost world.

"That's not what you need to worry about!"

"Go to hell!" A wild laughter suddenly sounded from Xuanmu's mouth, and then the dazzling ghost on his body attacked Xiao Yan directly!

"Woohoo!" Hearing the words, countless unjust souls shook suddenly, and then bursts of tyrannical and gloomy ghosts shot towards Xiao Yan!

"Crash!" After a while, the ghosts of countless unjust souls formed a hideous grimace directly in the formation. The breath was extremely gloomy and cold. The grimace opened its **** mouth and attacked Xiao Yan directly.

"This attack is so powerful!"

"No, we must take action, otherwise Xiao Yan will definitely have an accident!" As soon as Mu Tianyuan saw this scene, his face suddenly became solemn, he knew the horror of this attack, and this attack was probably given to them by the ghosts of the ghost world. The means, for the current Xiao Yan, too strong!

"Do it!" Mu Tianyuan was also well aware of the tyranny of Xuanmu's attack at this time, so he didn't hesitate and said forcibly supporting the injury in his body.

"Senior brother, your injury..." Seeing this, the other six senior brothers all wanted to stop the road. After all, the senior brother was exhausted by trying to injure the eight-star Dou Di strong before, not to mention the fact that he was urging the formation later. Law, if it is forcibly overdrawn, I am afraid there will be sequelae.

"Eldest brother, just watch it slowly."

"Return all the scars that this guy has caused to you!" Xiao Yan naturally noticed this, and hurriedly said to his senior brother Mu Tianyuan, after all, the seven of them were already very weak at this time. .

"Xiao Yan, you have to be careful. This is a unique attack in the ghost world. If you are hit by it, your soul will be directly injured!"

"The kind of wounds that cannot be healed, but they will hinder your future cultivation." Mu Tianyuan said solemnly.

"Soul power..."

"No wonder there is a feeling." And Xiao Yan watched the huge grimace attack him, the soul stone in the soul realm in his body suddenly moved, and a strong thirst for war emerged in his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"These guys, attacking with this level of soul power, for Xiao Yan, whose soul power has reached the emperor's heaven level, is tantamount to hitting a stone with an egg." The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan said something.

"It's good to come!" Xiao Yan looked at the hideous grimace, his face suddenly changed, the soul stone flickered out of his hand, and an extremely dazzling soul force emerged directly from it, and then directly slammed up like raindrops. !

"Boom!" The ghost face and Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power just hit, and the monstrous ripples scattered directly into the formation!

"The formation is about to be broken!" I don't know who said it, and then Xiao Yan's seemingly powerful formation was crushed by the pressure of two forces and the crack of the wolf's head!

"Damn!"

"How could this guy resist such a powerful attack..." The dust dissipated, Xuanmu's face darkened, looking at the spotless Xiao Yan, frowning.

The Ghost Qi scroll just now was quite expensive. According to King Xuanling, it was enough to truly kill an eight-star Dou Emperor-level powerhouse. If it wasn't for Xuanmu's inability, he probably wouldn't have come up with such a precious thing.

"Xuanmu, die." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"die?"

"It's ridiculous, with so many people here, I'm afraid it's you who will die!"

"Langtou, kill him for me this time!" After Xuanmu finished speaking, he stepped back directly behind the other strong men.

And as Xuanmu finished speaking, a rather vicious figure behind him also slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"Wolf Head, a powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di..." Xiao Yan took the soul stone from his hand and looked at the murderous wolf head in front of him with bright eyes.

The wolf head has a rather rough figure, but on his cheeks, he is full of murderous aura that is hard to detect by ordinary people!

"Xiao Yan, a good name."

"I heard that you are the strongest in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion today."

"Hope you don't let me down." Wolf Tou took a step slowly, then smiled.

"You too, I hope you don't let me down!" Xiao Yan also laughed.

As soon as the laughter fell, the two figures flashed with lightning, and they attacked together directly!

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's Yihuo Heng Gu Zhi directly hit the wolf's head, but a terrifying spear condensed by the force of life appeared on the chest of the wolf's head, which directly blocked Xiao Yan's seemingly terrifying attack. .

"It's not over yet!" Xiao Yan suddenly smiled at the corner of his mouth at this time, and then the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler slanted directly and slashed at it!

"Not good!" But Langtou was extremely surprised when he saw Xiao Yan's move, and secretly exclaimed.

"Kacha!" The energy spear fell to the ground instantly, and the blade of the wolf's head was also caused by Xiao Yan's ancient ruler, which produced some tiny bloodstains. It was obviously hit by Xiao Yan's attack.

"Ha ha."

"I can't see a sect kid with such a deep mind." The wolf head was shocked, licked the blood on the blade of his hand, and laughed.

As for the attack just now, according to normal circumstances, there would not be any room for manoeuvre, and the wolf head was considered an old river and lake, so he almost succumbed to it.

"Then next I will give you a good feeling, what is the pride of an eight-star Doudi powerhouse!"

"You all stand back, this Xiao Yan, I will kill him with my own hands!" The wolf head's voice suddenly filled with wildness.

"It seems that this guy is often in the fight, but your underestimation of the enemy will be your biggest flaw!" Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart, and then his eyes became vigilant!

Without the participation of other powerhouses, a powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, for Xiao Yan, can give it a try!

Moreover, Xiao Yan is also very much looking forward to the extent to which his strength has grown after he came out of the Jiaoyue Ruins and separated from his uncle, the Golden Dragon King!

"Wolf Head, this guy is handed over to you, regardless of life or death."

"We have to break this seal first." Xuanmu nodded when he heard the words of the wolf head, and then sealed the entrance to the ghost world behind Mu Tianyuan's seven people.

"Array, swear to protect the entrance of the seal!" Mu Tianyuan snorted coldly, and then got ready for battle.

"Kill me!"

"Not a single one!" Xuanmu said with a smile.

"Plop!" Xuanmu's voice just fell, and suddenly a heavy object smashed directly in front of him.

"What..." Xuan Mu couldn't help but glanced at him, and then the next moment, his eyes shrank tightly, and a fear filled his heart.

The figure that suddenly appeared was the body of a wolf head!

It's just that at this time, the body of the wolf head doesn't have any vitality!