Chapter : 68th Family Guardian?

"What does Su Guliang mean by this?"

Xiao Yan also frowned. For the clan marks, it was strange that after entering the Dou Di Continent, he did not feel the slightest trace of the power of other clan marks.

It stands to reason that the ancestors of the Xiao family broke through Dou Di in Dou Qi Continent and was promoted to Dou Di Continent as early as ten thousand years ago, so why can't I feel the aura of bloodline power when I come to Dou Di Continent?

Could it be that the family has gone into seclusion or been wiped out...

Later, when he accepted the real Fenjue inheritance that Tuoshe Gudi guarded, the founder of Fenjue, who is also the master of his own Tuoshe Gudi master once said!

Xiao Yan remembered it clearly!

Don't activate the clan pattern until you reach the level of Dou Xian.

Xiao Yan has no doubts about the authenticity of these words, because he can also feel from the former's words that there must be some unknown secrets in it.

The ring left by the ancient emperor Tuoshe and his master Jinlong King must also know something, but they are not strong enough and they will not easily tell them.

"It's nothing, I just want to make sure of something." Su Xueying stared at Xiao Yan's forehead carefully, and then she turned towards the latter with a faint blue grudge.

"Don't worry, this flame can heal some of your injuries." Su Xueying seemed to see Xiao Yan's wounds.

"Which song is this singing?" Xiao Yan was also at a loss.

Although this Qinglian woman was absolutely beautiful and powerful, he clearly remembered that the woman in front of her just wanted to kill Xiao Yan directly to take away the black yin and yang heart, but now her attitude is completely different from just now.

"Su Guliang, what are you?" Xiao Yan was stunned.

"Since you are from the Xiao family, then we are not enemies." Su Xueying had a different emotion under her veil, as if she was thinking about something.

"I remember that your Xiao family is also a very powerful race on this Doudi Continent, and many of them have some sectarian forces attached to your family."

"And on this Doudi Continent, some detached or particularly powerful races will have some powerful races as subordinates. On the one hand, it is to make the family stronger, and on the other hand, it is also because the family is inconvenient to take action and let them do something secretly. thing."

"The woman in front of you should be one of them."

"In other words, it is the guardian of your family." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Master, then why can't I feel a trace of the power of the clan pattern?" The Xiao clan also asked in confusion.

"Your Xiao family is tyrannical on Doudi Continent, but it also caused a lot of unnecessary trouble and a lot of enemies, which led to your family later..."

"Uh, I seem to have said too much, don't worry, your Xiao clan is also very powerful in this Doudi Continent, which old monsters of your ancestors are not so easy to die, when your strength reaches I will naturally tell you, the rest of you are now You don't need to know." The Golden Dragon King also said with a cough, obviously he seemed to have leaked his mouth to the Xiao family just now, and his current strength is not enough for him to know this.

Xiao Yan heard what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said, and he also had a plan in his heart. If so, he would first increase his strength to find the mystery of the family, Xun'er and the others.

The Dou Di Continent is no better than the Dou Qi Continent. The geniuses and strong people here will only be more outstanding than the Dou Qi Continent, and without a strong backing, finding a lover and family will be difficult.

Then he stared at Su Xueying, and the lines on his forehead became more and more solemn.

Su Xueying also looked at Xiao Yan carefully, and then saw the fire spirit on her shoulders and the lines on her forehead.

"Forget it, forget it." Bei bit his lips.

"My tutor once said that I went out to practice this trip. If I encounter someone with this pattern on their forehead, I must not be an enemy of them."

"If we do encounter it, we will bring that person back at all costs. We are keeping very important things to give to this person." Su Xueying's silver bell-like words echoed in the hall.

Then Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and when he saw a familiar pattern on Su Xueyingyu's hand, it slowly rose.

"How can it be!"

Xiao Yan was also shocked, because he felt a wave of homology from the pattern on Su Xueyingyu's hand.

Every step of Su Xueying's jade feet will bring a slight icy coldness. She gently walked over to where Xiao Yan was, and the lines on her hands became brighter and brighter.

"How can you have this clan mark!" Xiao Yan shouted.

Because Xiao Yan is very aware of what the ancestor Xiao Xuan said! The clan lines of their Xiao clan were not born due to the power of blood, but were stimulated by the three mysterious transformations of the sky fire they practiced and the power of blood.

Since it is called the clan line, it must have the power of blood as the source. The woman in front of her doesn't seem to have the blood of their Xiao clan, so why does it have this clan line.

"This is my secret, you don't need to know it, you just need to know that we are not enemies." Su Xueying's light lips parted slightly, facing Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan also looked at Su Xueying in front of him in amazement. It seemed that when the woman named Su Xueying saw the clan lines on her forehead, she was surprised at first, and then showed a trace of resistance. With Xiao Yan's eyesight, it was natural It can be seen that it seems that she or the Xiao family is not very popular with her.

"But don't worry, you don't need to claim the things we protect. When my strength reaches that level, I will naturally take up that thing."

"You people from the Xiao clan should continue to be your prodigal sons." Su Xueying also bit her lips.

Although Xiao Yan had a lot of mysteries to ask Su Xueying, she seemed to have a big prejudice against herself, so she said, "Su Guliang, are you alright?"

Hearing Xiao Yan's question, under Su Xueying's gauze, a pair of watery eyes seemed to be moist.

Su Xueying stared blankly at the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead, motionless. The cyan flames all over her body suddenly rose sharply at this time, her originally indifferent cheeks couldn't help but turn a little rosy, and her breathing became unstable.

Xiao Yan was just a few steps away from Su Xueying at this time, and Xiao Yan noticed Su Xueying's strangeness immediately.

"Damn it! I can't hold back!" Xiao Yan also ignored other questions, because he felt that the black yin and yang heart in his body that had long been swallowed up by himself was under the influence of Su Xueying, and a terrifying energy burst out instantly, even if it was a huge Dou Qi and Qi Huo tried their best to be unable to suppress it!

A trace of black energy radiated from Xiao Yan's body, and then Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and there was a fiery restlessness from his lower body.

Combining what the owner of the ruins had just seen, Xiao Yan cursed loudly.

"It won't be so fierce, will it?"

Su Xueying was fascinated just now when she looked at the clan pattern, and didn't know what to think, but when the energy of the white yin and yang heart overflowed, she also found that something was wrong. As soon as the body softened, just when the powerless was about to fall, a broad palm accompanied by a stream of pure yang energy appeared impressively.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan also held Su Xueying's waist with one hand so as not to let her fall.

Feeling the masculinity in front of her almost zero distance, Su Xueying is also an unmanned woman. Under the influence of the white yin and yang heart, her face is flushed, and there are bursts of powder mist in her watery eyes, and even the sound of breathing All become heavier.

"Xiao Yan, if you destroy my innocence!"

"I will kill you!" Su Xueying also understood the issue of yin and yang at this time, and she bit her lips lightly to control her last trace of reason and said angrily to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan also saw that the fairy-like person in his arms was struggling, and he knew that time waits for no one, and without hesitation, he pointed his finger at the Confucian skirt on Su Xueying's lower body.

"Hey, I'm offended."

​​