Chapter Vol 4 1025: seal broken

"Boom boom boom!" As the voices of Xue Tian and the two fell, the incomparably huge evil Gorefiend suddenly exploded.

Circles of black evil energy suddenly spread in all directions at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Damn... to actually have this hand..." Seeing this huge Gorefiend instantly transform into countless evil shock waves of black energy, the complexion of the cyan figure also became unsightly.

"Stop me!" When the blue figure saw this, he suddenly shouted!

"Crash!" As soon as the voice of the cyan figure fell, in the space above the cyan lava, extremely mysterious cyan runes suddenly appeared, and then directly blocked the shock wave of countless evil auras!

"Ghost face and soul flame, let's capture it."

"Gorefiend is powerful, but you can't match it..."

"And our purpose is not to defeat you..." After Xuetian finished speaking, he suddenly looked at the huge potholes in the cyan lava. In the huge potholes, there was a group of disgusting evil aura, constantly Germination, and then formed two offensives with the surrounding Gorefiend, directly attacking the mysterious rune that appeared above the cyan lava.

"These damned fellows from the alien race..."

"If it weren't for my weakness, I'm afraid it wouldn't be like this..." The next moment, a strange flame flashed in the eyes of the cyan figure, and then the cyan holy flame crystal on the palm of the hand shone brightly.

"Soul flame!" The cyan figure said.

"Crash!" Above the countless tiny cyan runes, traces of ancient patterns were slowly born, and the entire piece of cyan lava exuded an incomparably ancient aura of purity.

"Hahaha."

"The spirit of ghost face and soul flame... After so many years, on this day, all our grievances and grievances will be completely ended today." Then watching the two attacks continue to stalemate, there is no movement at all, the blue molten From the huge pothole in the middle, a very evil voice suddenly came out.

The evil voice was filled with a taste of greed, but only a trace of evil black energy was constantly born from the huge pothole.

"Blood Demon?"

"Didn't you fall into a deep sleep? How could you?" Then the next moment, the voice of the cyan figure became heavy.

Since the formation of this demon town, half of the power of the Gorefiend and the four envoys of the Gorefiend were directly sealed by the ghost face and soul flame and fell into a deep sleep.

In the previous Zongmen competition, the four envoys and Yintong of the Xuanling royal family entered here, and happened to wake up the four envoys, so they successfully rescued the four envoys with the help of the human bodies of the four people, but the blood demon envoy still fell into a deep sleep. middle.

At this time, hearing this shocking voice, Ghost Face Soul Yan knew that the Gorefiend had woken up.

The power of the Gorefiend is unquestionable, otherwise, it would not be necessary to establish the Suppression Suppression Territory with great fanfare.

"Hahaha."

"The power of ghost face and soul flame is indeed powerful..."

"But after sleeping for so many years, it's time to leave." Then a disdainful voice came from the huge pothole.

"Since that's the case... that can't be delayed." However, the next moment, a hint of determination flashed in the pupil of the cyan figure, and then the cyan holy flame crystal suddenly swallowed into the body, a powerful breath that purifies all things in the world, suddenly appear.

"Damn..."

"Wang, this guy decided to go all out?" Then Xue Tian, ​​who was watching the play outside, couldn't help but say.

"Break it for me!" Before the two of Xue Tian could finish speaking, a dazzling aura burst out from the cyan figure, and then shot directly at the aura of the Gorefiend.

"Crash!" An incomparably miserable voice echoed from the blood demon energy, and then the blood demon energy was directly obliterated by him!

"So strong..." Seeing this scene, the expressions of Xuetian and Xuexuan became extremely ugly. They knew that the current cyan figure was the real powerhouse who used the source of holy flame, and it was no longer what the two of them could do. Handle.

"The existence of this Demon Realm is to suppress you, and one day it will be able to completely obliterate you. If you escape, I am afraid that the name of my holy flame will be respected by the world in vain." The blue figure changed his attitude just now, Surrounded by strange cyan flames, he stared at the black gas in the huge pothole and said.

"Ghost Face Soul Flame, you are just a holy flame spirit. Is it worth it to work so hard to protect this holy flame?"

"In the end, this holy flame will only cheapen others, and I am afraid that you will also completely dissipate. If so, it is better to follow the footsteps of our clan..." Sisi's evil spirit was interrupted by a blue figure before she could finish speaking.

"Yeah, I'm just the Spirit of Holy Flame. Sooner or later, this Ghost-faced Soul Flame will find a new owner..."

"But as its guardian, I also hope that that person will appear as soon as possible, so that I can hand over the holy flame to him, and I have no interest in your extraterritorial evil race." The killing intent suddenly spread.

"Since that's the case, then there's nothing to talk about?" Sisi asked with an evil spirit.

"Let's do it, Gorefiend, don't think that if you find two human beings as slaves, you can do whatever you want."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"My reputation of Ghost Face and Soul Flame is not comparable to mere minions." The cyan figure said slowly.

"As expected of a ghost face and soul flame..."

"But if you underestimate my Gorefiend, I will pay a heavy price." Then the voice just fell, and in the huge pothole, a circle of blood-red aura, directly to the pit The depression is the center, and it spreads out continuously.

"Why is this breath a little weird?"

"And the guy who entered here at the beginning seems to have entered the pothole and never came out..."

"I don't know but it's okay..."

"However, this blood demon energy is a little different." The cyan figure said slowly, and then displayed his defense at the same time. After all, this cyan lava is the best defense and the best seal. The magician has an opportunity.

"Not good!" But in the next moment, an extraordinary aura suddenly burst out from the blood-red evil aura, and then in the pupils of the cyan figure, the cyan melt that wrapped the huge potholes was hardened. A path was opened up.

"It's too late..." Then just when the cyan figure was trying to make amends, in the huge pothole, two figures wrapped in blood-red blood mass suddenly swept out, and then the speed skyrocketed directly. It was the cyan lava that swept out and came to Xuetian and the two of them.

"King..." And when Xue Tian and Xue Xuan saw these two figures, a powerful pressure from the superiors directly made them kneel down.

"Ghost Face Soul Flame..."

"This will be the place where you fell." The Gorefiend who escaped from the seal of the cyan lava said slowly, but the figure around him surrounded by blood-red blood couldn't tell who it was.