Chapter Vol 4 1447: Danger in the dark!

The inner space of Tianming Villa wrapped in the Tianming Mountains is extremely special.

At this time, outside the Tianming Mountains, the bottomless sea of ​​dust is thousands of meters below the sea.

The sea has always been a forbidden area for human life. After all, the ocean is not only full of countless mysteries and even unknowns, but also has many strange species. These species are quite united, but they are extremely disgusting to human beings, so it also created They are hostile to humans.

"Master... are you looking for me?" The sea space under thousands of meters is a rather strange place on the sea reef. There are huge silver shackles all over the place. On the silver shackles, there are frightening pure lines. , quietly emerged.

In the center of so many silver shackles, an indifferent and ferocious force of imprisonment completely imprisoned the entire 100-meter sea area.

"It seems that there are some uninvited guests in this competition from four continents." The behemoth bound by the silver shackles slowly spoke, and his voice was full of anger.

"Reporting to the master, this time our Hidden Soul will go to kill the contestants who participated in the Four Continents Competition, and almost all of them return without success. I am afraid that this Four Continents Competition will be an unprecedented one." The man heard the words and spoke slowly. .

This man was clearly the guy who was responsible for killing Xiao Yan and the others, White Soul, and this mysterious creature bound by silver shackles was one of the top minds in their Hidden Soul Society.

The Hidden Soul Society is a rather mysterious organization. It seems to have a grudge against Tianming Villa. They fight against Tianming Villa all day long, but no matter how many powerful people Tianming Villa sends to encircle and suppress them, they will easily escape. After all, there are still too many restrictions on humans in the sea.

Although the overall strength of the Hidden Soul Society is not as tyrannical as Tianming Mountain Villa, it is better than the time and place where they control the sea area. The master of the Hidden Soul Society, called the head of the sea, is the one who controls the entire Ghost Society. This behemoth is also one of the minds of the Shadow Soul Society, and even the legendary Sea Head would be polite when they see it, although most of the guys in the Shadow Soul Society don’t know what the body of this behemoth is.

"This Four Continents Competition will be the grandest one... But at the same time, it will also be the best time for our Hidden Soul Meeting." The behemoth spoke slowly, with a hint of urgency in his voice.

"Take this thing... Go to Haishou, this time, we have to go to war with Tianming Villa." Suddenly, a cyan arm slowly burst out from the body of the behemoth, and a burst of cyan energy was on the arm. Surrounded and preserved extremely well.

"Boom!" The cyan arm just came to the front of the white soul, and the breathing of the white soul suddenly became disordered. This thing is obviously not an ordinary thing, and it is wrapped in cyan energy, and the seal cannot be broken temporarily.

"Go." After doing all this, the behemoth suddenly spoke.

"My subordinates take orders." Bai Hun heard the words, and said respectfully, and then took the extremely evil cyan arm and walked towards the place where the sea head perched.

"Heaven Hades, you have sealed me for thousands of years, this time, I will definitely bring back the old and new hatreds together!"

"Susu!" In an instant, the behemoth also burst into a strange wave, and then quieted down.

"Cooperation?" And further down the sea area, a dazzling array of crystal palaces are slowly paved under the sea area. Who can know that this place hidden under tens of thousands of meters in the sea area actually has such a rare crystal palace.

At this time, in the depths of the palace, a man was slowly sitting in the first place. In front of him, there was an extremely strange black energy squirming. , is a guy from the Soul Palace.

"Lord Haishou... Now the Four Continents Competition is imminent, our Soul Palace wants to cooperate with you to help you kill the powerhouses of Tianming Villa, and we collect their souls, killing two birds with one stone..." Soul Palace Powerhouse The whole body is wrapped in ghosts, and no outline can be seen.

"Tianming Villa is not so easy to deal with... After all, it is an existence specially set up by the master of the plane. I can't say what the master of the plane has left to protect us..." The sea-headed man frowned and refused.

"I remember when Lord Haishou was defeated by Hades in one move, and your brother seemed to be completely sealed by Hades. These hatreds can be described as..." At that moment, the powerhouse of Soul Hall opened his mouth, obviously before the trip. Come, he is holding the confidence of victory.

"enough!"

"Don't think that you are a powerhouse in the Soul Palace, and Ben Haishou will not dare to do anything to you..."

"If you are like this, I'm afraid you can only apologize with death." There was a trace of hatred in the corner of Haishou's eyes, and he couldn't help but slapped his palm on the throne heavily. At that time, a heavy touch appeared in the entire space. oppression.

"Master Haishou's strength is really tyrannical..."

"But this time, if Lord Haishou is willing to cooperate, our Soul Palace is willing to dispatch a strong person to assist you and provide information about all the Tianming Villas." The strong Soul Palace said in the opening.

"Why did your Soul Palace act like this?"

"I don't believe that you are just to collect souls." Haishou snorted coldly, and then spoke.

"The purpose of this time is mainly for a kid named Xiao Yan." A haze emerged from the corner of the Soul Palace expert's mouth, and he smiled strangely.

"Xiao Yan?" Haishou asked in surprise.

"It's just an ant who ruined our Soul Palace... When I catch him, it is better for him to die!" The Soul Palace powerhouse said slowly.

Since the Dongzhou incident and the arrest of the Five Soul Guards spread, the top management of the Soul Palace has attached great importance to this matter. In addition to the fact that they used some shameful things, they suddenly discovered Xiao Yan's true identity!

This Xiao Yan is a guy who has been promoted from the Dou Qi Continent, and the Dou Qi Continent is the origin of the Soul Palace, but I don't know why, the power of belief transmitted from the Dou Qi Continent suddenly interrupted, plus various reasons They naturally wanted to arrest Xiao Yan urgently.

In addition, there is another important reason. Soul Palace wants to find out the secret of the disappearance of the Xiao clan. After all, the strength of the Xiao clan ranks among the best in the entire Great Thousand World. If it disappears so quietly, I am afraid there is something in it. It is obscure, and Xiao Yan has the blood of the Xiao clan. As long as Xiao Yan is caught, the Soul Palace powerhouse will naturally have a way to find out the secret of the disappearance of the Xiao clan...

And once the secrets are discovered by the soul palace powerhouses, they will be able to spy on the secrets, so with the help of the power of the Xiao clan, their soul palace will also become another Xiao clan in the Great Thousand World!

"Okay...Deal!" In an instant, Haishou thought for a while, and then spoke slowly, with a hint of anger in his voice.

The shame of being defeated in World War I and the fact that his brother was sealed.

"Then I wish us victory." As soon as the words fell, the two of them laughed strangely, as if they were planning something.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!