Chapter Vol 4 1253: Fierce Fight, Thunderstorm Cage

Along with everyone taking action, a terrifying scene was also staged in the void of the silver space teleportation formation.

"This **** beast, although Xiao Yan's soul attack just now destroyed its spiritual intelligence, its own strength cannot be underestimated, even if it does not have spiritual intelligence, the terrifying power alone is enough for us to deal with. "The Great Elder Rain Curtain issued several tyrannical attacks in a row, but after hitting the silver scales on the silver dragon, it was easily resolved.

"This guy's defense is too strong!"

"And its attack is the power of space. The special energy of space power can only be resisted with the power of the soul. Otherwise, using other powers to resist is tantamount to hitting a stone with an egg."

"However, if I continue to squander like this, even my fairyland-level soul power won't last long..." Xiao Yan stood behind the crowd, and tyrannical power continued to emerge, and every attack from the silver dragon would be met with It was offset by Xiao Yan's soul power.

"Elder, what should we do now?"

"This beast is too strong." The other strong men also asked in confusion. Obviously, if this continues, once they are exhausted by the silver dragon, they will fail sooner or later!

After all, this silver dragon is formed by the power of space, and this is his home ground. No matter how much power of space he consumes, he will absorb and replenish it in the space teleportation formation in an instant.

"This guy should be a mutant energy body produced by the gathering of unstable space forces in the formation space."

"It seems that this guy is indeed a trouble."

"Let's form an array." Yumu pondered for a while, and then spoke slowly.

"Okay!" When the other seven experts heard the words, they all felt a little bit in their hearts, and then their figures instantly retracted and came to the Great Elder, as if they were preparing something.

"These guys..." Naturally, Xiao Yan wouldn't take the initiative, he just kept using his soul power to protect them. After all, the agreement with Yu Tianyue was the same.

"Thunderstorm Cage!" The next moment, the voice of the Great Elder Rain Curtain was like a judgment, and it slowly sounded in this void!

"This is……"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What a profound way of imprisoning, and the power of imprisonment carries the power of thunder to paralyze the enemy..." Hearing this voice, Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked.

Under the guidance of the Soul Eater, Xiao Yan still knew a little bit about these things.

Thunderstorm Cage!

This formation has an extremely tyrannical confinement power, but it also has its fatal flaws.

It takes too much vindictive energy. Although this level of formation is powerful, it is extremely troublesome to use, and it is impossible to use one person alone.

"Boom!" The eight people headed by the Great Elder Rain Curtain slowly stood in a row, and on the eight people, an identical silver thunder slowly flowed out from their bodies, and then converged on the Great Elder Rain Curtain's body.

"Thunderstorm Cage, imprison me!" The Great Elder grasped the extremely terrifying power of silver thunder, and immediately shouted, and all the power was thrown away viciously at the silver dragon in the void!

This formation was obviously prepared by them for a long time and was specially used to deal with this guy. As soon as the power came out, the silver dragon became restless.

"Weng Om Om!" The light group where the silver giant dragon was just now is undoubtedly slowly mutating. If it takes some time, I am afraid it will really condense spiritual wisdom, but it is fortunate that Xiao Yan cracked it in time.

"Cuckoo!" The silver dragon, relying on its instinct, smelled a tyrannical breath from the silver thunder net, and couldn't help but let out a roar, which seemed to be the roar of the elders trying to provoke it. generally.

"Shabu!" Although the silver dragon did not condense wisdom, its body was condensed by the power of space. It sensed that the silver thunderbolt of the elder had turned into a sky full of thunder, and immediately roared, its huge The body suddenly coiled up under the eyes of everyone!

Even after the huge body was coiled up, the space at the silver dragon wiggled slightly, and the next moment it disappeared directly from everyone's sight.

"No, this guy wants to use the power of space to escape our attack!" One of the eight people in charge of condensing the lightning net cage, a man with vicious eyes said.

"Damn... it's still a step too slow!" Although Xiao Yan had already realized that the silver giant dragon was not easy, who would have thought that the guy would be able to use the power of space to shuttle, and the dazzling soul force just wanted to interrupt the space of the silver giant dragon Shuttle, but in the end still a step slower.

"Don't panic!"

"Stable the transmission of Dou Qi, we have Xiao Yan, it's fine." Seeing the people in charge of the formation were slightly uneasy, the elder directly interrupted their fearful thoughts.

"Okay!" The other seven people closed their eyes when they heard the words, and the dazzling fighting qi directly urged them to go out into the body of the Great Elder.

It is strange to say that these people have different attributes, and they have everything in water, fire and soil, but when the fighting qi was injected into the body of the great elder, the power of thunder that swallowed up was actually transformed into silver. The secret, I am afraid only the elder one knows .

"Elder, taking advantage of this guy's lack of condensed intelligence, the next time this guy shows up, I will directly strike the soul to attack, so that your attack will continue, and then we will be able to completely obliterate it!" Xiao Yan said gloomily.

No way, this silver dragon's aura is too strong!

And with the delay of time, Xiao Yan and the others' soul power and fighting qi continued to be consumed, but the aura of the silver dragon did not decrease but instead increased.

And once they are defeated, I am afraid that the space formation will not be able to repair successfully the space formation cannot be repaired successfully, Xiao Yan's East Continent ratio is also nonsense.

"Okay!"

"Everything depends on Xiao Yan's little friend!" At this time, the first elder was also difficult to ride a tiger. On the one hand, he had to maintain his own lightning net cage, and on the other hand, he had to take care of other sect elites who sent vindictive energy to him.

"Cuckoo!" After a while, the space was wriggling in the opposite place to the disappearance of the silver dragon just now, and in the wriggling space, a huge head slowly protruded!

Longmu stared at everyone present, except for Xiao Yan, even the big elder rain curtain as powerful as the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal.

However, Xiao Yan, relying on his tyrannical soul power, did not feel this way.

"Break it for me!"

"You Ming Tian Trance!" The next moment, Xiao Yan shouted directly, and the dazzling soul power turned into a strange cry, which slowly reverberated in this space!

"Boom boom boom!" At the same time, being so startled by Xiao Yan, the first elder was also the first to wake up, and the thunder net that filled the sky roared directly at the silver dragon!

Soul power and the extremely tyrannical lightning net of binding force, no matter how tyrannical this silver dragon is, I am afraid it will inevitably fall.

"Wonderland soul power?" After Xiao Yan launched this tyrannical soul attack, in the space formation, in a rather hidden space, a man in black muttered, and it was hidden in black robes. The pupil below also became hot!

. m.