Chapter Vol 4 2195: Lei Si beast vs thunder ball,!

"Human, I see that you are not strong, but your tone is not small."

"But Your Excellency trespassed into our elves' holy land without authorization, and it touched the rules of our elves."

"Our elves are extremely hospitable, and we won't do anything to you. At most, it's just abolishing your vindictiveness and kicking it out."

The three elf men took the lead, the space around the red-robed man fluctuated slightly, looked around indifferently, and found that Xiao Yan did not have any accomplices, his eyes couldn't help being replaced by a cold light.

The three of them are the leaders of the fire elves in the western tribe, and with the three of them working together, even the first reincarnation rank can be tied!

Moreover, if it wasn't for the fear of the strange flame on Xiao Yan's body, the three of them would have already started.

"Join us!"

"Suppress him together, or else things will change!"

On the bodies of the three people, a smear of brown flames emerged, and then turned into strange clouds and mists on the top of the three people's heads. It seemed that there was a ferocious beast looming, and the ferocious beast contained what a terrifying majestic power. Huge beast eyes spread out from the cloud and mist, staring at Xiao Yan, making the blood on Xiao Yan's body become icy cold.

A creature of that level, if you convert the strength of humans, I am afraid that it is a super creature that is comparable to the human reincarnation level!

"Is it a special method for the fire elves to summon energy elves using the fighting spirit energy in the three people's bodies?"

"I like it... so come on!"

Xiao Yan sneered, his footsteps straddled out in an instant, and endless fighting spirit emerged. With the addition of the undead ghost fighting spirit and the increase of the holy flame armor, Xiao Yan's combat power was a bit terrifying, like a majestic and majestic Admiral Terror!

For Xiao Yan, the best way to improve his strength is to fight, and it is a leapfrog battle!

However, if he wants to step into reincarnation, he probably needs a bigger chance, so Xiao Yan didn't have any more convenient way for a while.

"The power of fusion, elves, Lei Si beast!"

The three people's voices were unusually low, and after breathing, three brown flames appeared, gathered, and directly summoned the giant figure in the mist.

In the sky of the formation space, there were ferocious and whistling silver thunderclouds, and a magnificent creature stepped out of the thundercloud slowly, and every move made the formation space here tremble slightly, like a piece of tissue paper. It will completely collapse at any time. Broken in general.

The Lei Si beast is bathed in the turbulent thunder, as mighty as a griffin. Above the mane, the endless thunder power fills the eyes, as if a thunder dominates all life here. .

"Thunder?"

"Since that's the case... Lei Lai!"

Xiao Yan let out a roar, and all the power around his body, including the holy flame, was directly withdrawn. The gray thunderbolt was like an energy shackle, and it appeared directly on Xiao Yan's skin. The arrogant head let out a terrifying roar.

That feeling is like the thunder on Xiao Yan's body is provoking Lei Si beast as the supreme authority of the thunder-type energy elf, and Lei Si beast is declaring war on Xiao Yan!

"How can it be?"

The faces of the three elf men were extremely ugly. Looking at Xiao Yan's body with a trace of gray lightning, their eyelids twitched violently, and they couldn't help but hesitate.

With that level of thunder power, its power even surpasses that of Lei Si beast?

Lei Si beast is an extremely tyrannical creature among the thunder attribute creatures, and there are very few thunders that can surpass its own thunder power.

"Lei Di is here!"

"Xianju, lightning ball!"

Xiao Yan roared angrily, and in his dark eyes there were endless gray thunder lights emerging. Suddenly, the thunder power in the entire sky quickly approached Xiao Yan's body.

One after another muffled thunder sound came out from Xiao Yan's body, but the three elf men suddenly saw extremely bright gray thunder erupted above Xiao Yan's body. The frantic flow in the body did not cause any loss. Even under the scorching and moisturizing of this power, Xiao Yan's body became incomparably strong.

Countless rolling thunders, falling thunders, vaguely all converged towards Xiao Yan's palm.

A small gray sun rising, containing fluctuations like destroying the sky and destroying the earth, brewing out!

"Leisimon, attack!"

Looking at the extremely strange gray thundering suns on Xiao Yan's body, the aura of power in them actually made the eyelids of the three of them tremble violently, and they were about to tilt all the power into the Lei Si beast.

Among the three of them, the one who is tyrannical is not alone, but the combined power of the three!

"Hoohoho!"

Lei Si beast stepped out, and wherever the thundering thunder went, the void could not help twisting, and the whole body was extremely fast, like a thunder sun killing Xiao Yan.

However, Xiao Yan found that the stability of the space here is extremely terrifying. If an attack of this level was placed on the Dou Di Continent, the void would have already collapsed, but there was only such a change in this place. It can be seen that this so-called sky The stability of the sea space.

"Pfft!"

Halfway through, the Lei Si beast's mane stood up, and countless dazzling thunder powers whizzed past Xiao Yan directly below.

"Crack!"

The thunder on Xiao Yan's body trembled, and then the aftermath of the lightning ball brewing in his palm suddenly flew towards the sky, and the extra attack of Lei Si beast was easily disintegrated by it.

The rest is the real confrontation between the two!

"Boom!"

After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's attack was brewing. In the entire space of the formation, light lingered on the gray ball of lightning. On Xiao Yan's arm, a ball of gray light that was no more than an inch was like a heart, buzzing. Ming jumped up.

Every time it beats, the Lei Si beast above the sky becomes furious.

"Crack!"

Two attacks followed one after another, and the space of the formation was shaky.

"Boom!"

The deafening sound of thunder appeared completely, and immediately everyone saw that, above the heart-like lightning ball, suddenly there were countless gray lines of gray thunder that appeared like chains, and they contained the power of extremely violent thunder, knocking Lei Si. The body of the beast is tightly bound.

"Hoohoho!"

Bound by this strange gray thunder, and even the thunder ball in Xiao Yan's palm exuded an extremely greedy aura, Lei Si Beast finally realized the danger of Xiao Yan, but unfortunately it was too late.

"Pfft!"

"Ah...Wait!"

The Lei Si beast was restrained Countless attacks collapsed, just as Xiao Yan was about to strangle the latter, the thunder core that had always been quiet in his body suddenly moved, and a steady stream of gray thunderbolts burst out, driving Xiao Yan along. The body, quickly approached Lei Si beast!

That feeling is like coveting the life of Leisimon!

Perhaps... the power of thunder in its body?

"Boom!"

A deafening voice emerged, and Xiao Yan's figure, under the control of Gray Thunder, instantly approached Lei Si Beast.

"This lunatic!"

"kill him!"

At this moment, the killing intent in the eyes of the three people fluctuated, and the endless power was like a vast ocean, raging out.

"The elf finger!"

"Sacred Heaven Seal!"

"Fire Spirit Palm!"

With three unusually sturdy voices, they attacked Xiao Yan in the formation space with their backhands. Above the energy beam, there was a strong aura of death flowing.

As for Xiao Yan above the sky, his eyes were slightly closed at this time, the power of the lightning ball above his palm was dimmed, and all the energy in the immobile Leisi beast was slowly injected into Xiao Yan under everyone's attention. Inside the body, Xiao Yan's already fierce body and Lei Mang looked even more terrifying than before.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: