Chapter Vol 4 1103: Devouring Ghost Face

At this time, in the ghost world, in a quite calm cave at the foot of the Ghost King Mountain, Xiao Yan quietly swallowed the holy flame in that holy flame space.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly condensed, directly urging the huge soul power in his body, and whistling away at the Holy Flame Crystal of Ghost Face and Soul Flame in front of him.

The purpose of doing this is naturally to stimulate the power of the source of the ghost face and soul flame, so that it can fall off from the holy flame crystal, and then the next step of swallowing, otherwise, if the holy flame source has been hiding, even Xiao Yan will not be able to escape. There is no way for the flames.

"Ha ha."

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, I have already helped you wipe out the Gorefiends completely, so now, it's time for you to give back to me."

"The source of holy flame, get out of here!" As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's voice burst out. He directly wrapped his voice with huge soul power, and surrounded the blue holy flame crystal of ghost face and soul flame.

On top of the azure holy flame crystal, which was originally very calm, after being drank by Xiao Yan like this, there was something that slowly flowed out.

"Whoosh whoosh." With Xiao Yan roaring like this, his soul power turned into substance, forcibly wrapping the cyan holy flame crystal high in the air.

"Breakthrough!" After a few breaths, the blue-colored Saint Flame Crystal wrapped in Xiao Yan's soul power burst out with a rather tyrannical aura, and immediately shattered Xiao Yan's soul power completely.

"Finally willing to come out..." And Xiao Yan looked at this sudden scene, not only did he have no doubts, but was actually very happy, because the fluctuation of this power was the original power of Ghost Face Soul Flame!

Xiao Yan knew that only by training him could he be completely swallowed!

As for the previous Huoxin Tianyan, because the previous owner was Xiao Clan Xiao Mu, so the imprint of the Xiao Clan was left on his body. Xiao Yan naturally swallowed it without any effort, but this time, the ghost face and soul flame was not. With such good luck, we still have to take it one step at a time.

"Hoohoho!" Xiao Yan saw that a pool of cyan liquid slowly appeared on top of the cyan holy flame crystal in front of him, and the outermost area was surrounded by hot cyan flames. A giant tiger!

The flame giant was surrounded by blue flames, and on the forehead, the blue holy flame was slowly engraved into it, which was quite domineering.

"In that case..."

"Then let me see, what are you capable of." Xiao Yan finished speaking, a dazzling earthy yellow holy flame suddenly appeared, and then he looked at the cyan giant tiger in front of him with a vigilant expression.

This cyan giant tiger was transformed by the source power of Ghost Face and Soul Flame. It was extremely unruly. Although Xiao Yan was fully prepared now, he had to be defeated before he could proceed to the next step of devouring.

"Ow!" The flame giant roared, and a faint cyan flame spewed out from the tiger's mouth, which even vaguely rendered this sacred flame space a rather strange aura.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" And Xiao Yan watched the cyan giant tiger roar like this, and immediately took off the ancient ruler of different fires behind him, and directly attacked the cyan giant tiger with the help of the increase of the power of holy flame on his body.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan raised the heavy ruler, jumped, and instantly came to the cyan giant tiger. Immediately, a force of energy evaporated directly from his hands, and he slashed it heavily with the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hohoho!" The blue giant tiger seemed to realize that Xiao Yan's speed was extremely fast. Looking at Xiao Yan's attack, he was not in a hurry. A circle of blue flames burst out from the holy flame crystal on his forehead.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's seemingly powerful attack slashed directly above the blue flame. At that time, Xiao Yan only felt as if he had slashed on cotton, which was quite soft.

"Roar!" Seeing that the blue giant tiger temporarily blocked Xiao Yan's attack, it roared directly at its mouth. A group of blue flames formed directly in its mouth, containing the power of destruction, and it flew towards Xiao Yan.

"This beast... is quite intelligent." Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw this scene, but in the face of the power of Ghost Face and Soul Flame, he still did not dare to take it lightly.

"Seventh layer of breaking the sky, seven feet... breaking the sky!" And Xiao Yan also knew that taking it off like this would undoubtedly be detrimental to him, and then his aura suddenly exploded, and the seventh layer of breaking the sky immediately shot out.

"Crash!" This time, the power of the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler displayed by Xiao Yan was not comparable to the previous one.

"Boom boom boom." As the attacks of the seventh-layered sky-shattering ruler and the cyan giant tiger collided, energy ripples spread out in this holy flame space, and it was obvious that the two attacks were evenly matched.

Taking advantage of the moment when the energy ripples spread, Xiao Yan's figure turned into a ghost and came directly in front of the cyan giant tiger.

"Pfft!" It sounded like something was broken, and the aura of the cyan giant tiger also weakened in an instant.

"Ow." It seemed that Xiao Yan was so daring and skilled that he resisted the energy ripples of two holy flames and shot at him. At this time, the holy flame crystal on the forehead of the cyan giant tiger was taken away, and his breath was also instantaneous. Weak, becoming almost disappearing.

"This time, it can finally be swallowed." After a few breaths, the blue giant tiger disappeared without a trace. Xiao Yan held the blue holy flame crystal in his hand, and a feeling of quite fitting flowed out from it. This feeling was born after defeating the cyan giant tiger just now.

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, after killing the blood demon envoy, I can use you, but now, surrender to me completely." Xiao Yan finished speaking, also taking care of himself, Xu Shengdan, blood spirit ice liquid And Sanyanhua was summoned, and then spoke slightly.

"Start!" Xiao Yan said solemnly after glancing at the three things that were necessary for swallowing up the holy flame.

"Sanyanhua!" As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately swallowed the Sanyanhua with three-colored petals!

"Crash!" Just after swallowing the three flames, with the help of the digestion of the power in the body, at this time Xiao Yan, three kinds of flames appeared outside the body. These three kinds of flames are quite ordinary and have no power, but Xiao Yan It can be felt that with these three flame flowers, the power of ghost face ghost flame seems to be weakened a lot.

"Come in for me!" Seeing Sanyanhua forming a natural barrier outside his body, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and directly used the huge power of life and death to wrap the blue holy flame crystal and swallow it directly into his body!

"Boom boom boom!" The cyan holy flame crystal just poured into Xiao Yan's body seems to have sensed the power that Xiao Yan wanted to devour it, and suddenly a monstrous resistance force erupted.

"Fuck..." Even with Sanyanhua's weakening of the holy flame's power, a burning sensation that penetrated deep into the bone marrow made Xiao Yan feel unbearable pain and couldn't help but let out a foul language.

"Blood spirit ice liquid!" And Xiao Yan felt the powerful power contained in the ghost face and soul flame, and immediately did not dare to hesitate any more, and directly swallowed the ultra-low temperature blood spirit ice liquid in front of him.

"Uuuuu." Just after swallowing the blood ice liquid, the burning sensation weakened a lot, and it also turned into ice chains, which directly appeared in Xiao Yan's body in the sea of ​​fighting qi, and the struggling blue Sheng Yanjing was bound to death, and Xiao Yan relaxed.

"Although the blood spirit ice liquid is tyrannical, I'm afraid it won't be bound for long."

"Then let's subdue it in one fell swoop."

"Xu Sheng Dan!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and then the pill was swallowed directly into his stomach.

As the Sanyanhua weakened the holy flame, the blood spirit ice liquefied into an ultra-low temperature ice lock that bound the holy flame crystal. After being swallowed, Xu Shengdan turned into a mysterious force, and went into the holy flame crystal. .

And with Xiao Yan's so many methods, the holy flame crystal is sometimes quiet, and sometimes it exudes a huge force of destruction, floating indefinitely.

"Huhu."

"Then it's time to turn a cocoon into a butterfly." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was also enduring the torture in the holy flame space alone. One day when the holy flame crystal stopped resisting himself, at that time, Fang was the real cocooning into a butterfly. butterfly!