Chapter 354: Forbidden!

"Boom boom boom!" Just after entering the tray where the silver dragon was originally, an indescribably huge aura emerged.

"Xiao Yan!" Mu Yingying also seemed to have noticed something, and immediately shouted loudly, but the next moment, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng, who were being held by Xiao Yan's left and right hands, were also attracted by a burst of irresistible suction!

"This Xuanling Emperor Pond still has such spirituality..." The two who were watching were dispersed by an invisible suction force. Xiao Yan was not worried. The power is also enough for them to get all kinds of benefits.

"This seems to be the second floor of the Xuanling Emperor Pond..." The next moment Xiao Yan also began to look at the so-called Xuanling Emperor Pond.

The so-called Xuanling Emperor Pond, in Xiao Yan's opinion, is more suitable for the Xuanling Emperor Sea than the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

Because the place where Xiao Yan is now is an isolated island. In the outermost part of the isolated island, there is a familiar formation, the space teleportation formation, which is exactly the same as the space teleportation formation on the first floor of the underground palace.

The only difference is that the teleportation formation in the underground palace has a huge range of tens of meters, while the formation on this isolated island has a range of only a few meters. With his excellent perception, Xiao Yan can also realize this. The formation seems to have not been used for a long time.

Looking up, the turbulent sea water was constantly slapping at the isolated island where Xiao Yan was located.

As for the color of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, it is also colorless and transparent, and has nothing to do with golden yellow.

"It's really a strange place." Xiao Yan also shook his head, and then did not hesitate. Although the area of ​​this isolated island is not large, it is indeed not small. According to Xiao Yan's perception, the area of ​​this isolated island is probably a few square meters. kilometer.

"If you come here, let's be safe, let's take a look around first." Xiao Yan also knew that this was the Xuanling Emperor Pond, so he didn't get impatient, but walked slowly, ready to look around.

"Forbidden place?" Xiao Yan was just at the very edge of the isolated island at first, and he didn't pay attention to this. As he got closer, he realized that this place seemed to be the entrance to the isolated island.

And there is also a very inconspicuous stone tablet at the entrance. Above the stone tablet, the two characters of the forbidden area also stand slowly on it.

"This is..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also realized that there was the sound of the sea conch in his hands.

Xiao Yan was inexplicable, he didn't summon this thing, how could it appear out of thin air?

"Could it be that mysterious suction just now..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

The three of them had already arrived on this isolated island just now, but the mysterious suction force scattered Mu Yingying and Mu Feng!

And now that the conch appeared, a large part of the reason was that the conch repelled that Hu suction, so Xiao Yan was still here now, otherwise, he would have gone to the first floor of the Xuanling Emperor Pond with Mu Feng and the others.

The second floor of the Xuanling Emperor Pond can only be visited by those who possess the token of the Tianmuyu clan.

"It's no wonder that Senior Yuxuan said that you must have the token of their Tianmuyu clan to enter this place. It turns out to be true..." Thinking of this, Xiao Yan was relieved.

"It's okay to be separated." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

After being soaked in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, Mu Yingying was probably expected to break through to the Five-Star Dou Emperor. As for Mu Feng, her strength has grown by leaps and bounds since she came out of the Yin Corpse Forest, so it would be great to stay here for a while.

Putting away his thoughts, Xiao Yan also walked slowly.

According to what Yu Xuan said, the mysterious meteorite is in the core area of ​​this forbidden area, but the area of ​​this Xuanling Emperor Pond is very large. If you want to find this forbidden island in this Xuanling Emperor Pond, you can even It's harder than going to the sky, let alone entering the core area of ​​this forbidden area!

Because just finding this forbidden place is thankless.

The lush grass filled in front of Xiao Yan, showing the shape of a line.

Xiao Yan also slowly became vigilant, because Xiao Yan knew that this place would definitely not be an easy place. Just by Yu Xuan’s three entrustment before, he could know that this forbidden place is definitely not easy!

To make Yu Xuan, who is as powerful as the eight-star Dou Skill Perfection level, be so vigilant, there must be some secrets that ordinary people don't know.

"It seems that the plants here have never been seen in the outside world..." Xiao Yan was not in a hurry to enter, after all, the unknown is the most terrifying.

Instead, he slowly probed next to the stone tablet engraved with the word "Forbidden Land".

Next to the stone tablet, there is a path, and there are many plants on both sides of the path.

These plants, without exception, are triangular in shape, with thick roots and pointed tops.

But the strangest thing is that they grow together in groups, very dense, trembling with the wind under the sound of the sea slapping on the rocks.

"Strange..." Xiao Yan also let out a doubt, and the next moment, milky white flames also filled his body, and he stared vigilantly at the strangely shaped grass.

"Hehe, he is really a sharp boy." A very immature voice also appeared slowly.

"Who is it?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, because just by listening to the voice, the person who spoke should be young But what surprised Xiao Yan the most was the source of the voice. It doesn't look like it's emanating from these plants...

Rather...

from the sea...

"Hehe, I haven't had anyone come in here for years."

"Big brother, would you like to play with me?" As soon as he finished speaking, a shadowy figure appeared on the sea.

"This is..." When Xiao Yan just saw this beautiful figure, he didn't have time to think, and ran into the forbidden area without taking a break.

"Why are you running so fast!"

"People won't eat you..." Qian Ying also said coquettishly.

The next moment, Qian Ying's coquettish hatred was over, replaced by a heavy one: "But the old guy inside will eat you."

"It's a pity that you are such an elf little guy."

The girl-like Qian Ying finished speaking and returned to the sea.

"What are you running for?"

"She won't eat you again..." Xiao Yan ran into the forbidden area, and also hurriedly stopped, and then slowly looked around, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire also appeared in his hand.

"Long Yi, what do you know!"

"Just now, I felt an unheard of pressure from that girl..." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"And I still remember that Senior Yu Xuan said..." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"What did the old guy whisper to you at the end?" Long Yi also asked curiously.

"In the Xuanling Emperor Pond, there is a witch, if you meet her, just run away..."

"Otherwise it's me..."

"I don't have any strength to fight back." Xiao Yan also remembered the last words Yu Xuan entrusted to him!

Ask for a monthly pass! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: