Chapter Vol 4 1351: reward!

"Go!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan snorted coldly.

"Crash!" Yu Ran Ran heard the words, and Yu Wei looked at each other. The fighting qi in the two of them soared at the same time, and then with an extremely terrifying attack, they roared directly at one of the thunder-eating beasts. Seeing this, Impressively want to break its offensive.

"Boom!" The three thunder-eating beasts that were originally surrounded by a triangle, under the delicate coordinated attack of the Yu family sisters, showed a slight negligence, and then Xiao Yan also attacked suddenly at the same time, and then the attack was directly blocked by him. collapse.

"The cooperation of the sisters of the Yu family is really terrifying." Duo Qifei exclaimed slightly. Obviously, these two girls could use the strength of the late two-star Dou Xian and the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian to forcibly eat the two-star Dou Xian perfection level. The attack of the beast is cracked, it can be said that it is very talented.

"Crash." As soon as the voice fell, one of the thunder-eating beasts was extremely furious, twisting its huge body, chasing and killing the sisters of the Yu family.

"Shabu Shabu!" Liu Qing and Duo Qifei looked at each other, and then a dazzling offensive also emerged, and then took one of the Thunder Eaters away from here, leaving behind Xiao Yan and the last Thunder Eater, which were also three The most powerful one in the head.

"Hooho!" Seeing the humans in front of them easily defuse their offensive, the Thunder Eater beasts erupted in angry roars.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan sneered and stared at the Thunder Beast with all his attention.

When soul beasts and humans are of the same level, only soul beasts are stronger than humans, unless they encounter a pervert like Xiao Yan.

And this two-star Dou Xian perfection level thunder beast, the oppression brought to Xiao Yan is even more terrifying than the pastoral song, but Xiao Yan has no fear, because according to Xiao Yan's estimation, now the two-star Dou Xian strong Among them, whether it is a human black soul beast, it is almost difficult to defeat oneself.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sisi!" Thunder Eater glanced at Xiao Yan angrily, and then his strong and powerful limbs suddenly stepped on, trampling directly on the water surface.

"Boom!" The next moment, a silver thunder suddenly appeared!

The silver thunder seemed to be the product of the evolution after being swallowed by the thunder-eating beast. It just emerged, and there were waves of ripples on the water surface, and a deafening sound echoed in the space.

"My good fellow." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan was about to gently take down the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler behind his back. The attack of this thunder beast is no trivial matter.

"Bang bang bang!" Without any amplification, the silver thunder beside the Thunder Beast, like lightning, blasted towards Xiao Yan's vital point at a speed invisible to the naked eye, its formidable power was no less than Some fighting skills of the holy class.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky!" Faced with this terrifying power of thunder, Xiao Yan's Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler flickered directly, and seven energy rulers with a size of 100 zhang madly shot them away.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the two made contact, dazzling energy ripples resounded in the air.

Tie!

The seemingly tyrannical thunder attack was easily accepted by Xiao Yan.

"Weng Om Om!" After a short fight, Thunder Beast also seemed to realize that Xiao Yan was not a simple person. Immediately above his body, circles of silver thunder continued to emerge, obviously ready to use his true skills.

"This guy." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing at the scene of Lei Shi Beast being so human.

"Shabu!" In the next moment, the Thunder Eater was bathed in silver thunder, not only its strength was greatly increased, but its attack and defense power were also greatly increased, so the figure quickly moved, and its moving The space exudes a palpitating wave.

At this time, the thunder beast, the soul beast bathed in the thunder, was extremely fast, and clearly wanted to use the speed and his body as the strongest blow!

"Compared to speed..."

"Just in time to try that fighting skill." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a dazzling flame appeared on his body, and then he closed his eyes gently, regardless of what happened to the Thunder Eater.

"Is this guy waiting to die?" Lei Shi Beast looked at Xiao Yan who was standing motionless, and couldn't help but have a little doubt in his heart, but the speed did not weaken, and it still carried a tyrannical aura that was devastating He attacked Xiao Yan and left.

"Fire Explosion Technique!" After a short while, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and a flame like energy ripples exploded in his body.

"Crash!" With the use of the explosive technique, Xiao Yan's speed turned out to be several times faster!

If the speed of the Thunder Beast is like lightning, then Xiao Yan's speed at this time is like the speed of light, and it is extremely difficult to detect whether it is with the naked eye or perception.

"..." Looking at Xiao Yan who was floating around, Lei Shi Beast lost his target for a while, and could only stand there dumbfounded. Until now, it seemed to realize that the man in front of him was not easy.

"This Thunder Explosion Technique has been changed, and the speed of the explosion is compressed by using the power of flame. It's really astonishing speed." Feeling his unparalleled speed, Xiao Yan smiled contentedly.

"Forget it, this guy has a lot of tyrannical energy bodies in his body, so let's kill them first." The next moment, he slowly stopped his speed, and a shocking killing intent emerged from his deep-colored pupils. Thunder Food Beast seemed to sense Xiao Yan's violent killing intent, and immediately didn't dare to have any doubts, and ran around as if he were running away.

"Where to run!"

"Holy Flame Space!" Naturally, Xiao Yan would not give Thunder Eater such a chance. The dazzling khaki-colored Holy Flame Space reward would block all Thunder Eater's escape routes. In addition, the Holy Flame Space could suppress the Thunder Eater's power. , the current Thunder Eater is nothing but a piece of fat on the chopping block.

"Huangquan Tianwu!" A dazzling voice suddenly emerged in the sacred flame space, and then with Xiao Yan's destructive aura, it hit the Thunder Eater.

Although Huang Quan Tian's anger is low, but now in order not to expose more means, he can only do this.

Hit by a soul attack, the Thunder Eater Beast's body suddenly shook, and he fell into a brief absence.

"Seventh-layer Heaven-shattering Ruler!" At the next moment, a loud shout sounded, and then the thunder-eating beast was actually split into two halves by the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire surrounded by holy flames on Xiao Yan's palm!

Even at the place where it was chopped and cracked, the khaki-colored holy flame kept pulsing.

Until his fall, the Thunder Beast probably didn't know why he was so vulnerable in the hands of a mere two-star fighting immortal middle-stage human.

And as the Thunder Eater's body was slashed and slashed away, wisps of silver thunder appeared in that body, apparently there was something.

In that body, a heart-pounding strange wave slowly emerged, similar to thunder, but also like a baby, extremely mysterious.

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.