Chapter Vol 4 2266: The whisper of nature, the foundation of life

"what?"

The body of the demon whale is still constantly rising into the sky, but his eyes have been staring at the purple crystal block in front of Xiao Yan. From there, an ancient wave swept out, and even a trace of the vast aura permeating the long river of time and space actually caused Respect yourself?

"Nine Suns!"

Xun'er took advantage of the opportunity and lost her mind, snorted coldly, the majestic golden flame scorching sun roared away, completely igniting the entire void, buying time for Xiao Yan.

The space was violently distorted, and the dim void had become extremely bright. Xun'er's attack had completely blocked this space. It seemed that any spatial fluctuation could not escape the joint **** of the nine flames of the Golden Crow.

Xiao Yan's face was gloomy, the purple holy flame crystal on the palm of his hand unexpectedly emitted bursts of dazzling light, and then slowly fell to the ground, only to see the demon whale roaming the sky, and a huge ghost whale phantom shrouded in the sky. Xiao Yan, a shock wave swept out.

"Goddess Yaoji's things should be good..."

"Holy Flame Origin Technique!"

Xiao Yan stared at the Demon Whale coldly. After the Demon Whale took off, the blood-colored shadow fell slightly, and the terrifying pressure of the collapse of the void actually caused Xiao Yan's transformed skin to shrink one after another, directly comprehending the origin of Wulu Zi Lingyan, trying Unleash the Holy Flame Origin Technique.

After a short while, Xiao Yan's edge and corners were filled with killing intent. He held the purple holy flame crystal in both hands, and the burning art in his body began to run, and countless fighting qi poured into it.

"Susu..."

"Fall down, ants!"

The **** whale shadow slowly fell, and the entire space violently erupted with an extremely terrifying blood light, and a space crack burst open, vaguely forming a bottomless black hole!

In the black hole, the blood-colored whale shadow was suspended in it, and the evil blood lights around it swept out like a storm. They raged wildly, swallowing and absorbing all the power in this world!

"Brother Xiao Yan!"

The golden crow transformed by the fire of the nine holy flames stubbornly resisted, but almost instantly, there were countless cracks in the golden crow's body, big and small. He leaned towards Xiao Yan and tried his best to cover the two of them with his lower body, trying to lighten some of the burden on Xiao Yan.

"Wong buzzing!"

At this moment, the purple holy flame crystal in Xiao Yan's hand trembled abruptly, and a purple elk figure with an ethereal aura and tyrannical aura appeared first.

Just as the purple elk appeared, the two fluffy antlers swayed, and a layer of purple flame mist was scattered to protect the two, and then the purple flame elk's feet shook slightly.

"Whoa!"

Circles of purple mist spread out, and immediately countless rich auras of life slanted down from the purple flames, and a figure of a fairy-like woman appeared on the elk.

"Nature's whisper!!!"

The Ziyan Elk looked up at the falling black hole storm and the blood-colored whale shadow in it, and shouted loudly!

"Pfft."

A circle of life breaths centered on the Ziyan elk, whistling completely on this messy ground. At the same time, the green ancient trees of life, the colorful flower plants, etc., turned out to be Growing savagely here?

In the blink of an eye, on this filthy land that has been invaded by outsiders for countless years, green plants with sacred aura appear out of thin air?

As soon as it appeared, the trees swayed, the stamens fluttered in the wind, and a feeling of comfort spread throughout the body, making Xiao Yan indescribably comfortable.

"Boom boom boom!"

The chanting of countless plants continued for a while, and the brilliant green energy quietly left from above the plants, forming a purple fire in the air!

There is some kind of ancient fluctuation mixed in the fire.

The power of the goddess Yaoji!

Witchcraft!

The seed of life!

"Boom!"

The next moment, the seed of life and the black hole storm came into contact with each other, and the deafening violent energy fluctuations swept in, filling the whole world with a sense of laxity.

As for the blood-colored whale shadow in the black hole storm, it actually slowly shattered under the oppression of the power of the seed of life?

"how come?"

Seeing that his strongest blow was so unbearable, the Demon Whale's eyes contained endless doubts.

"Holy Mark!"

Xiao Yan roared coldly, and the glass-colored flames split apart in an instant, forming five flame runes of different colors, quietly entrenched beside Xiao Yan.

"impossible!"

"Why... are you able to condense the holy pattern?"

"Isn't the method of condensing the holy pattern already lost?"

Five holy patterns appeared, and the arrogant voice of the demon whale actually became trembling.

"Shameless old guy..."

"This is the retribution you deserve!"

The space shuttle handprint is displayed, and the dragon **** claws shrouded by the five holy patterns pierce through the void, as if even the soul can be completely crushed.

"Pfft."

The dragon's claws fell, hitting the belly of the demon whale accurately. At the same time, a gleaming bronze demon core slowly fell out.

"Is this the Demon Whale Stone..."

"Although I was attacked by the power of evil, it was too simple for me."

Xiao Yan grabbed the bronze-colored magic core tightly, and the thick black gas on it was like an ogre, madly biting towards Xiao Yan's body. The glass-colored flame completely evaporated.

"Pfft!"

Without the support of the demon core, the life force in the demon whale quickly disappeared, and the huge body fell directly on the ground, stirring up countless dust.

Until it fell, it didn't understand what happened?

Wulu Zilingyan has only been controlled by the goddess Yaoji for generations. There are too many goddess Yaoji's power in the holy flame, and the original technique of holy flame is also mixed with the power of Yaoji's witchcraft, so this big guy died extremely wrongly. .

"Confirm speechless."

"Xun'er, go!"

Xiao Yan wiped out all the evil forces on the Demon Whale Stone, and after confirming that he was speechless, he hurriedly held Xun'er's jade hand, and shot at the Wufu with soaring speed.

Because at this time, the void above the huge body of the demon whale was distorted, and a figure like a few thin branches could be vaguely seen.

Even if this figure had not yet fully formed, Xiao Yan could smell an extreme heart palpitation!

In addition, this is an extraterritorial territory, you can know the reason without making any guesses... I am afraid that is the real powerhouse among the extraterritorial evil races!

Evil God!

"Hehe, using the soul power to isolate the holy flames and enter our foreign territory, Gu Kun's ability to kill the Demon King is really great."

A lazy voice sounded, but that power even shook the world!

"Pfft!"

In an instant, the barrier formed by the power of the soul and the holy flames around the void shattered, and the endless tide of darkness filled it up in an instant. That majestic oppression actually caused Xiao Yan and Xun'er's blood to freeze instantly Die. "

The thin figure jumped up in the air, then stretched out his slender fingers and pointed towards the escape path of Xiao Yan and the two.

"Boom!"

The void collapsed directly, and an aura of death lingered in my heart.

"Clan marks, annihilate!"

Xiao Yan's whole body exploded, the blue dragon scales stood upright, and a vertical eye like an eye opened between his eyebrows, instantly resisting the blow from the Xeon.

"Oh?"

"It's actually a member of the Xiao family!"

The thin figure's gaze suddenly turned, and then the lazy gaze was filled with extreme anger.

"Hula-la!"

At this moment, the golden paper appeared automatically, directly pulling out a crack in the Wufu, and Xiao Yan and the two received it instantly.

"Humph……"

"Since you have come to save people from outside our territory, you have to prepare for the river of blood."

"Take out the pure heart!"

"This time, let these guys understand that the majesty outside the domain cannot be challenged!"

The icy voice resounded throughout the world, killing intent flooded, and gloom filled the entire Profound Ghost Realm!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: