Chapter 514: The first appearance of the alien race!

"Elder Long?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils shrank suddenly, and an unspeakable chill poured into his heart!

Alien Evil Race!

This is the public enemy of the entire human race!

And not only human beings, this extraterritorial evil race is also the public enemy of the entire Seven Realms!

The fear and destruction brought by the evil race from the outside world in the Seven Realms is vivid in my eyes, so no matter what kind of civil strife there is in the Seven Realms, when facing the evil race from outside the domain, they will always let go of their grievances and work together. Co-operation to deal with!

Because they all know that once this extraterritorial evil race goes out, it will definitely not be peaceful!

A home without a country!

Without maintaining the existence of the peak powerhouses of the Seven Realms, how could there be so many lower, middle, and higher levels of stability!

"I'm not sure either... It's just that the evil black aura on the stone giant just now vaguely gave me some feeling." Long Yi's voice was full of uncertainty.

"If it's really an alien race, I'm afraid it won't be easy to find what I need here!" Xiao Yan said slowly!

"Be careful!" Suddenly, Xiao Yan was still immersed in the conversation with Long Yi behind him, and a hurried voice suddenly appeared!

"Defend now!" The next moment, Mu Yingying seemed to have discovered something, and she let out a hysterical anger!

"What?" Xiao Yi and the others were quite puzzled by this sudden scene of Mu Yingying, they just wanted to turn their heads to find out, but the accident happened suddenly!

I saw that a circle of black sound waves suddenly appeared in the pupils of the fallen stone giant!

The black sound wave seemed to contain other powers, and it suddenly spread out when the stone giant just collapsed!

"Ah ah ah!" With the appearance of this black sound wave, Xiao Yi shouted violently!

"How is that possible!" Xiao Yi was shocked in her heart!

Because Xiao Yi is a fire elf, her body is different from that of humans, with different senses and facial features, so her acceptance of sound is tantamount to being stronger than that of humans!

But when this black sound wave appeared, Xiao Yi clearly felt that the extremely turbulent flame in her body suddenly solidified!

It was as if the flames were instantly frozen, leaving only an empty furnace full of flames!

Xiaoyi was extremely shocked. You must know that Xiaoyi is already an eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse at this time. If she can do such a suppression, then the latter's strength, you don't need to think about it to know how terrifying it is!

At the same time, several other people, including Mu Feng and Ludi, had quite pupils on their faces, covering their heads with their hands, obviously extremely painful!

Only Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying are slightly better!

"What's going on!" Xiao Yan was the first to speak!

"I don't know." Mu Yingying said coldly, but her beautiful eyes stared at the giant stone statue that had turned into piles of rocks!

"It's weird!" Xiao Yan looked at the few people beside him, and immediately made a deep voice, then following Mu Yingying's gaze, he saw the giant stone statue that had turned into piles of rocks!

"There should be something strange in this rock!" Xiao Yan affirmed.

"The contents here seem to be a bit like the aura of the evil race from outside the realm... It is extremely evil and disturbing." At this time, the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler behind Xiao Yan was slightly exuding a dark red flame, and then directly Xiao Yan wrapped it up so that he was not disturbed by that strange sound wave!

As for Mu Yingying's words, at this moment, a slightly blue flame was slowly beating on her body.

"what?"

"The spirit of the evil race from outside the territory?" Xiao Yan was in a hurry when he heard this!

Because what his master Jinlong King said, and what his master Tuoshe Gudi said, this extraterritorial evil clan is extremely evil. If he encounters an extraterritorial evil clan here, I am afraid that with Xiao Yan's current strength, it is just a death sentence. .

"Don't worry, since the Golden Dragon King entrusted you to me, even if I fight my life, I won't let you have an accident." Seeing that Xiao Yan was a little worried at this time, Long Yi also said.

"Old Long, thank you, as long as you help me at the critical moment...Although I am a foreigner, I don't think I am afraid of Emperor Yan." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a burst of arrogance emerged spontaneously.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just as Xiao Yan regained his fighting spirit, Xiao Yi and the others just fainted and fell down instantly!

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan obviously didn't understand the reason, and then said.

"Don't worry, the black sound wave just now should be just a test for the guardian, but I don't know why it has evolved into this way. Above the black sound wave, there is clearly an evil spirit..."

"As for your companions, maybe it's just because if they pass out, it won't be a big problem." Long Yi said slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately checked the three of them with his huge soul power, and found that there was no major problem as Long Lao said, and immediately nodded slightly.

"Elder Long, there seems to be a problem here?" Xiao Yan took his eyes back and stared at the fragments of the giant stone statue.

The stone giant at this time, after absorbing most of the flame power of the dark bat, has reached the realm that can be absorbed, and finally was hit by Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi with all their strength, so hesitantly can not bear such a terrifying Power, explode directly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After the explosion, there were traces of white rock blocks of different sizes and shapes. As for the road blocked by the giant stone statue before, it was also smooth!

From a distance, it seems that it is still a dark and bottomless passage, but at this time Xiao Yan did not have the time to care about where the passage was behind him, so he should resolve the matter in front of him first.

"Go and have a look!" Xiao Yan heard the words, and was extremely vigilant in his heart, and his palms were slightly tilted back. If there was anything wrong, he would immediately pull out the ancient ruler of different fire and use the thunder method!

"Well, be careful This rock seems to contain some kind of power, and even my holy flame is a little powerless." Mu Yingyingbei bit her lips slightly.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded and said.

"Let's go. Although there is some aura of foreign evil clan here, according to my investigation, there is no trace of foreign evil clan." Elder Long hesitated for a while, and then said directly to Xiao Yan.

one step...

Step two!

Every time he took a step, Xiao Yan could feel the powerful beating of his heart!

"What is this?" When he came to the white rock ground where the fragments of the giant stone statue were, Xiao Yan slightly picked up a piece of white rock and said.

It was a rock that looked rather white at first glance, Xiao Yan picked it up gently, and didn't feel anything wrong.

"Look at the back!" At the next moment, Mu Yingying suddenly spoke up. There was an extremely rare solemnity in her voice, and her face as beautiful as a peach blossom became darker.

"What?" Xiao Yan was quite puzzled, then moved his palm lightly and slowly turned the white rock in his hand over.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's brows wrinkled, his face darkened instantly, and an unbelievable look emerged!

Xiao Yan turned the white rock block over, and a rather strange face appeared!

The face is like a human face, with sharp edges and corners, eyes closed, and a very sinister smile flows from the corners of the mouth. Around the white rock, a thick black aura surrounds it!

Ask for tickets!