Chapter 348: trade!

"The mother of the fairy bodhi tree..." Xiao Yan raised his head and looked at Yu Xuan with some difficulty.

The mother of the fairy bodhi tree, this top-level medicinal material, Xiao Yan is very clear about its efficacy.

The mother of the fairy bodhi tree, she is known as a holy object in the eyes of alchemists!

Compared with the different fires that increase the quality and success rate of the medicinal herbs, it is undoubtedly the mother of the fairy bodhi tree that is more exciting.

Because there has been a rumor in the outside world.

That is.

If you get the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, you must enter the holy realm!

The soul power of the emperor level can obtain various benefits among the Dou Di powerhouses of the same level. As for the promotion to the holy realm...

For Xiao Yan, it is even more powerful!

The soul power of the holy level is exactly the same as that of a fighting fairy! &1t;i>&1t;/i>

Moreover, the improvement of Xiao Yan's soul power is also due to his special status as a pharmacist. The soul power of the holy level is probably not reached by the valley owner of the Pill Valley in the Xuantian-level sect.

The moment Yu Xuan finished speaking, Xiao Yan was also extremely excited!

"It's actually..."

"Mother of the Immortal Bodhisattva..." The Golden Dragon King's body obviously changed slightly, and then blurted out these words with difficulty.

The Golden Dragon King naturally knew the value of the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, so he was quite moved!

After all, to restore the soul power, it is not necessary to have all the mother of the fairy bodhi tree. At that time, it can also help Xiao Yanzi advance to the soul power of the holy realm. Why not do it with the best of both worlds.

"I promise you..." After a brief thought, the Golden Dragon King also said slowly. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"Thank you sir." Yu Xuan also bowed slowly to the Golden Dragon King.

"Don't be in a hurry to thank you, it is impossible for me to avenge the revenge of the clan with my current soul power, and I will not do similar things that violate my principles." The Golden Dragon King also said directly.

After all, although he agreed to this Yuxuan to trade with him, if Yuxuan asked him to kill Xuanling King, wouldn't that be nonsense.

After all, I am a soul body now. I believe that many people know the famous Golden Dragon King, so the Golden Dragon King does not dare to appear rashly, otherwise it will lead to death. After all, there are still many things, and the Golden Dragon King still wants to do it. .

"Hehe, that's not what I'm asking for..." Yu Xuan didn't seem to be surprised by the words of the Golden Dragon King, but smiled lightly.

"What's that?" The Golden Dragon King was also surprised. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"Sir, what I'm asking for is the last member of my Tianmuyu clan!"

"Please also ask the adults to save her, so that the blood of my Tianmuyu clan can continue!" Yu Xuan also said with great enthusiasm, and then folded his hands and said respectfully.

"Where did this talk come from?" The Golden Dragon King was also quite strange. Didn't the Tianmuyu family have been destroyed by the Xuanling royal family? Why is there another clan now?

"To tell the truth, my lord, when my Tianmuyu clan was attacked by the Xuanling royal family, I also sensed the future of my Tianmuyu clan through some means, so I would spare no expense to seal my newly born daughter. , and thus escaped the catastrophe, but I don't know how she is now..." Yu Xuan's loving voice also appeared slowly.

"Seal?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank when he heard the words. He had heard it a long time ago. Some people knew the powerful sealing technique at noon. This sealing technique can temporarily seal a person's power or...&1t;i>&1t ;/i>

vitality!

Thereby avoiding the pursuit of some natural enemies!

Xiao Yan also did not expect that Yu Xuan would have such a high level of fighting skills, and became more and more curious about Yu Xuan.

"Thousands of years have passed, I'm afraid..." The Golden Dragon King heard that there was no trace of joy, and some were worried.

After all, with the eyesight and experience of the Golden Dragon King, it is natural to know that even if it is such a fighting skill that can seal life, after thousands of years, I am afraid...

"The sealing method of my Tianmuyu clan is a bit special. Even for thousands of years, my daughter has maintained her original appearance..."

"But now that I count it, it's almost time for the seal to end."

"It is estimated that it will take another year at most." Yu Xuan also glanced at Xiao Yan and said. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"Then the deal is worth it."

"I promise you." The Golden Dragon King also smiled.

"This is a conch. Once it is close to where my daughter is, it will emit a hot breath, and it will lead you to guide you."

"I sealed my daughter on the Medusa family's territory. In order to prevent others from knowing about the specific place, I don't know the remnant soul." Yu Xuan also said slowly, and then the next moment, a dark brown The conch also slowly flew towards Xiao Yan.

"Shabu Shabu!" He came to Xiao Yan in a blink of an eye, Xiao Yan also stretched out his hand and took the conch, and the next moment, an extremely majestic sea breath also emanated from the dark brown conch.

"Don't worry, senior, since I promised you, my master and I will naturally help you complete it." Xiao Yan also said to Yu Xuan. &1t;i>&1t;/i>

"Thank you so much." Yu Xuan also said.

"As for the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, it was secretly protected by the Xuanling royal family. After all, this thing is not something that can be absorbed by the immortal powerhouse. If there is no special way to absorb it, I am afraid that even this fairy bodhisattva can be absorbed. The defense of the Mother of Trees cannot be cracked Yu Xuan smiled and said, since the two of them have agreed to their cooperation, there is no need for him to hide and tuck them, and some things can also be told to the two people.

"This is natural. Even when I was at my peak, the mother of the fairy bodhi tree would not dare to absorb it rashly, so if the Xuanling royal family got it, I believe it would not be able to absorb it." The Golden Dragon King also laughed when he heard the words.

"The mother of this fairy bodhi tree is the sixth floor in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family!" Yu Xuan also continued.

"The sixth floor..." Xiao Yan murmured when he heard the words, because Xiao Yan also knew that the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family was divided into seven floors, and each floor contained extremely large treasures.

The Xuanling Emperor Pond that Xiao Yan and the others entered was the first floor of the underground palace, but what was strange about Xiao Yan was that when he was on the first floor of the underground palace, there seemed to be no passage leading to the second floor of the underground palace. .

"The sixth floor of the underground palace, are you so sure?"

"What if the Xuanling Royal Family was secretly transferred?" The Golden Dragon King was worthy of being a cunning and cunning man, and he was worried that this was a trap, so he said.

"Sir, don't worry, the mother of the fairy bodhi tree is deeply rooted, and even the strong immortal warriors would not dare to move rashly, otherwise the energy tide will be attracted, and the Xuanling royal family cannot bear that kind of loss."

"And I also have some connections with the mother of the fairy bodhi tree, so I can confirm that I am on the sixth floor of the underground palace." Yu Xuan is also to solve the problems for the Golden Dragon King. Wang, it is quite difficult to get rid of the worries in your heart, it is also quite difficult to think about what you want.

Ask for a ticket!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: