Chapter Vol 4 1690: Yuanhe! (Thanks to 【Soup】Million Rewards)

Li Soul Territory, this is an extremely fertile territory, with outstanding ghosts and spirits, with countless heaven's favorites, but now, it is full of wolf smoke, countless gloomy ghosts, and a halo like pure white light. Purify ghosts.

The territory of Li Soul Territory is extremely vast. Except for some countless forces that are basically vassalized under Li Soul Territory, it is the Five Great Courts!

The five courtyards are distributed in turn in the center of Li Soul Domain. As for the arrangement of the five courtyards, they also vaguely form a pentagram, which is located in the center of the five-pointed star formation, which is the entrance to the main temple of Li Soul.

Today, among the five major courtyards, except for the Earth Spirit Institute, the other four courtyards suffered heavy losses for a while, but fortunately, the four major temples dispatched strong men to ease their predicament a little, but for this reason, they were also extremely uncomfortable.

There is just one thing that is quite strange. Whether it is Li Soul Domain or the Demon of Light, they only send some backbones to attack and resist. There has never been an eight-star Douxian level powerhouse. The two seem to form some kind of tacit understanding.

And now, with the management of the four hall masters of Li Soul Domain, the demon guards have also been defeated for a while, but the army of Soul Eater Domain is trailing behind.

The Senate occupies a huge mountain range, and in front of the mountain there is a smooth river that wraps the mountain range. Only by breaking through this river can the Senate be attacked.

It is strange to say that the most important targets of the Demon Guards are actually the Court of Justice and the Court of Adjudication. On the contrary, there are hardly many Demon Guards in the Senate.

"Sir, the front is the river at the foot of the Senatorium Mountain. It is said that this river is called Yuanhe. It is a rather strange ghost river, and there are several six-star fighting immortals guarding it here." The team of dozens of people walked slowly. On the path, one of the scouts couldn't help but say.

Six Star Fighting Immortals, even in such a tense situation, is a very important backbone.

And the purpose of their team is to destroy this place, and to explore the background of the Senate and stay behind the strong, so that the main force of Soul Eater Field is ready to fall in one fell swoop.

This is Hao Ni'er's genius. First, he sent a team to the battlefield to inquire about news, to avoid unnecessary losses and conflicts with the demon guards. Once the battle situation was thoroughly understood, and most of the entire army of Soul Eater would attack, that would be the real deal. 's war.

The purpose of doing this is also to wait for the return of the Lord of Soul Eater. After all, even if Hao Nier's strength has reached the eight-star Dou Immortal Consummation, when he mentions the Lord of Soul Li, he still feels a little powerless.

try{mad1(\'gad2\');}catch(ex){} "Xiao Yan Shao Xia, I don't know what you have in mind?" Yuan Feng, who was leading the team, couldn't help asking after listening to the scout's message.

"Captain Yuan, you're welcome...but I don't think this river is simple."

"And now there are eleven of us, and there are only two of the Six Star Dou Xian. If we collide with them head-on, I'm afraid it would not be a wise choice." Xiao Yan looked around and found that not far away from everyone, there was a vast ocean, azure blue. Above the surface of the water, it is quite quiet, but I am afraid that there is no net within it.

Today's Xiao Yan is also relying on the power of the ghost face and soul flame to disguise as a simple man, which is difficult for ordinary people to detect, but the ancient ruler of the eternal fire is still on his shoulders, after all, not many people will associate it with him.

"Captain, I said that Young Hero Xiao Yan was too vigilant. Now that Li Hunyu has been attacked by the demon of light for several months, people have been panicked. I think this Yuanhe is just a false name. To smooth it out here, to open the way for the adults, to smooth the Senate, then it will be a great achievement." Several others disagreed with Xiao Yan's statement and questioned.

The eleven-member team, led by Yuanfeng, is in the middle stage of Six-Star Dou Xian, and one of them is Yuan Yi in the early stage of Six-Star Dou Xian, and the others are all at the late stage of Five-Star Dou Xian. Therefore, many people did not like to see Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan's strength was too weak, and Xiao Yan was the disciple of the Master of Soul Eater, and not everyone knew about it.

"You guys!" Yuan Feng immediately frowned when he heard this. Although he didn't know Xiao Yan's identity, how could a guy who could follow Queen Hao Ni'er in the hall be a generalist.

"never mind."

"Let's split up in a while. If you are willing to follow me, let's go together." Xiao Yan looked at the divided team and shook his head helplessly. He knew that his top priority was to enter the temple to look for Acacia Brokenheartitis.

Besides, the strong guards here are only six-star fighting immortals, and it is not difficult for Xiao Yan to fight against him now.

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, eleven people were suddenly divided into two teams, Xiao Yan and Yuan Feng were a pair, and the other nine were a pair.

"You guys..." Yuan Feng couldn't help frowning when he saw this scene.

"Captain, the troops are divided into two groups, that's all." Saru Yi said.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan was powerless to quibble, and immediately headed towards Yuan He.

try{mad1(\'gad2\');}catch(ex){} "Hey, I hope these guys are all right." Yuan Feng heard the words and also separated and followed Xiao Yan.

No matter what Xiao Yan is, Yuan Feng, as the captain, naturally wants to protect this guy.

"Hmph...Isn't it just some powerful person, really think they are some kind of thing, only in the middle stage of Five Star Fighting Immortal." The nine people couldn't help muttering when they saw Xiao Yan and the two leaving.

Everyone is quite convinced of Hao Ni'er's rule and management, but it is this kind of respect that makes Hao Ni'er a goddess that no one can violate in Soul Eater Domain Xiao Yan was actually with Hao Ni at that time As soon as the news of the children being side by side came out, it immediately made him a thorn in the eyes of everyone, so they were deeply resentful.

The power division of Soul Eater Domain, the Lord of Soul Eater, followed by the four guardians, the seven courtyards, and the elders.

"Xiao Yan Shaoxia, I hope you don't take what happened just now."

"The intentions of these guys are not bad, it's just because of Queen Hao Ni'er..." Xiao Yan and Yuan Feng walked towards Yuan He, Yuan Feng hurriedly explained, for some reason, Yuan Feng's mid-stage strength of Six Star Fighting Immortals, They all felt an unfathomable feeling from Xiao Yan, which made Yuan Feng quite puzzled.

"Queen Hao Ni'er?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Hehe, since the Lord of Soul Eater disappeared, Lord Hao Ni'er took over Soul Eater Realm and issued various decrees, making Soul Eater Realm unprecedentedly prosperous, so the Queen is sacred and inviolable in the hearts of everyone, Master Xiao Yan. The hero and the queen are side by side, so..." Yuan Feng grinned.

"Sure enough, it's a beauty and a disaster..." Xiao Yan smiled helplessly, but I have to say that Senior Sister Hao Ni'er is the top in terms of strength and beauty...

"Kacha!" The moment the two of them were talking, a few figures appeared on the sidewalk, and they looked like fallen guards.

"Wait, someone is here." After a while, Xiao Yan said nothing, gently lifted Yuanfeng's clothes, wrapped the two with his soul power, and drowned them in the Yuanhe.

"This guy... so strong!" At this time, Yuan Feng discovered that Xiao Yan's soul power had reached the late stage of Taixu, and even this keen perception was even more surprising!