Chapter Vol 4 1819: 4 Dragon lock coffin, the soul of the emperor!

Extremely dark black fog, eerie ghost energy, **** bloody glow, and several auras filled the underground space, transforming this place into a demon processing factory, with awe-inspiring evil energy!

At this time, Xiao Yan followed the stone wall passage and slowly explored this strange underground palace. Fortunately, Xiao Yan's body was the master of Fire Guard and a series of methods from Ghost Face and Soul Flame, which made Xiao Yan feel like walking on the ground.

"It's a terrifying defense. I'm afraid this is where Lin Fengya's roots and elites are located." In just a short while, Xiao was able to figure out the underground palace.

The power of the soul was released, and coupled with Xiao Yan's exploration, this underground palace was, to put it bluntly, an area filled with countless abdominal acupuncture points.

Countless narrow stone walls extending in all directions seemed to connect the core of the underground palace, and deep within the palace, a breath of aura that made Xiao Yan shudder, was suffocating like a **** of death.

"The stone walls around these passages have been placed with extremely tyrannical seals. It seems that Lin Fengya is trying to cover up something. If I expect it right, there must be something shameful in the underground palace." Stay open and speak.

Looking around, on the stone wall around the narrow passage, there is faintly revealing a terrifying black gas. The black gas light is like a long reptile, which skillfully covers the entire stone wall. With the help of this black gas, The holy flame and other forces in Xiao Yan's body protect his body and protect Xiao Yan.

"It's hard to come here, let's take a deep look..." After a deep voice, Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and he cautiously walked towards the depths of the palace.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's fairyland-level soul power was clearly showing, and he encountered many guards who were patrolling and responsible for vigilance along the way, but Xiao Yan skillfully avoided them.

However, it is strange to say that every 100 meters in the narrow passage, there will be a huge enclosed space. In the space, drinks and food are readily available, and there are even several figures with tyrannical breaths appearing here.

"Ah... it's really a **** bad luck."

"I've been here for a long time, and I can't see the sun. How long will it take?"

"Wait, it's election time in a few days, and then we can leave here."

"You said, what exactly is His Royal Highness preparing in the underground palace?"

"Let's talk less about these words, but I remember that only the prince and a few elders can enter the depths of the underground palace. As for guards of our level, we don't have the right to enter at all. Let's do our own thing." The guard sat in the space and muttered softly.

At this time, Xiao Yan hid in a stone wall and looked at the people in the space in front of him talking.

"Weng buzzing!" Between the lights and flints, Xiao Yan's figure was like a ghost, and he easily knocked several people to the ground, and suddenly several people lost consciousness.

"This should be half the distance from the underground palace... It seems that we need to speed up." With a casual glance, Xiao Yan immediately hid the figures of several people, and immediately entered the dozens of space passages at the edge of the space.

This passage made Xiao Yan the most uncomfortable, so Xiao Yan ignored it without thinking.

Inside a stone hall in the underground palace.

"His Royal Highness, Xiao Yan from the Endless Fire Territory came to the palace mansion, but he was not caught by the two Seven-Star Dou Xian elders, and was strung into the underground palace, do you see?" Inside the stone hall, the surrounding walls are splendid, and a broken Next to the bridge, Lin Fengya was sitting in a wheelchair, and a man in black robes guarded him behind him.

"Understood, let's go." Lin Fengya's eyes flashed with a hint of edge, and he waved.

"Xiao Yan in the Endless Fire Territory... just a small force that doesn't enter the mainstream." Lin Fengya sat in a wheelchair, his eyes looked through the dark space under the broken bridge, and he didn't know where to look.

"It's not necessarily..."

"The predecessors of our Soul Palace, the Soul Clan, have fought against the Xiao Clan for hundreds of years, and they know the cunning of the descendants of the Xiao Clan, so it must be guarded against." The shadow behind him sneered, but his voice contained a ecstatic smile.

"Okay..." Lin Fengya thought for a while, and also summoned the elites and carefully formulated a plan, in order to strengthen the patrol and guard of the underground palace.

"Next, just wait for the election day with peace of mind." Lin Fengya made a series of precise arrangements and immediately laughed.

In the underground palace, there are countless six-star fighting immortals, and seven-star fighting immortals are not a few. With some special methods, even Xiao Yan cannot escape!

"We will take Angel and Xiao Yan."

"I just want the dominion of the Tianxing Continent and the Devil Fruit." The two had a simple conversation.

"Prince Lin, then I wish us a happy cooperation." At this moment, Hei Ying also laughed, if Xiao Yan was here, he would find this guy, Soul Wuji.

On the other side, after several hours of exploration, Xiao Yan also slowly came to the depths of the palace.

"Stop, please show your pass!" Just as Xiao Yan had just strung out of the stone wall passage, several well-trained soldiers in uniform with spears in their hands pointed at Xiao Yan and said.

The vigilance here is beyond Xiao Yan's expectations.

"Is it a passport..." Xiao Yan gently hidden his palm from the sleeves, trying to find something.

But what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that the guards here actually escaped Xiao Yan's soul perception. I'm afraid there must be some secret here.

"Huuuuu!" Xiao Yan's figure was as fast as a ghost, without any hesitation, like a bow and arrow separated from a crossbow, one arrow shot directly at Shimen!

"Someone broke into the temple, hurry up and report to the prince!" Although these guys were all six-star fighting immortals, they stumbled and fell to the ground when Xiao Yan suddenly exploded.

"Damn... This stone gate is too strong..." Xiao Yan was helpless with this stone gate after he temporarily repelled everyone.

"Weng buzzing!" Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, the amber flame soul fire suddenly ignited, and in an instant, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan lightly turned into a black light, and mixed into the interior of the temple... that is, the core of the deep underground palace. place.

"Boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan disappeared, the pot exploded outside, but he could only be anxious because only a few elders and princes could open the stone gate.

On the other side, Xiao Yan had just entered the back of the stone gate, only to feel that the sky was dark and dark, and his position seemed to be transported somewhere by a certain spatial vortex.

"This is..." Suddenly, when Xiao Yan stood quietly, because of the scene in front of him, Xiao Yan's cognition was refreshed, and Xiao Yan's heart was shocked.

Penetrating through the stone gate, the inside is a strange space bounded by layers The space seems to be blessed with countless imprisoned and sealed powers, and the aura of the space is extremely dignified.

Among them, the most eye-catching is the giant creature suspended in the dark space, like a real dragon!

A full four!

The breath of any giant dragon is enough to tear Xiao Yan apart easily!

The huge dragon horns, the lifelike dragon scales all over the body, and the gently swaying dragon tail, so that the whole body of the dragon corpse has a totem-like existence, rendering the breath of the four dragon corpses to the peak.

In addition to the dragon's mouth, the hot energy turned into a jet-black chain, and four chains burst out from the dragon's mouth, imprisoning a black air mass in its space.

Dark and icy, and extremely tyrannical, the power revealed by the four dragon corpses alone is enough to truly move people!

Looking at the chains of the four-headed dragon's mouth, a stunned expression emerged in my heart!

The black air mass was actually a coffin. Inside the coffin, there was a faint white weak body.

With just one glance, Xiao Yan knew what it was.

"Four Dragon Lock Coffins!"

"Also... in the coffin, there should be the soul of the emperor in the Star Continent today..." Xiao Yan said with a dry mouth, word by word.