Chapter Vol 2 828: The location of the medicine garden

"Gulugulu!" With the action of the Silver Light Mouse, everyone around him could feel that the Guanghan Island, which seemed to be full of mysterious restrictions, was receding at an extremely fast speed. I'm afraid it won't be long before the is able to enter it.

"This time, you have to be careful, lest this Xiao Yan trick us again." Seeing this, the strong men under the sky were happy, but they should be more vigilant about Xiao Yan, lest this guy make another mess. What kind of tricks to get in first, after all, whether it is the entrance of the iron gate or the swampy area, it makes them vaguely chill.

If it is the first thing to do, then the good things will undoubtedly be taken away by others.

"Strange, why is there a feeling of deja vu in this Guanghan Island?"

"Moreover, the blood demon gold energy in my chest also faintly emitted an unpleasant movement. Could it be that there are still foreign evil races being suppressed in this Guanghan Island?"

"The inexplicable fall of Fairy Moon should be related to the evil race outside the territory." Xiao Yan kept thinking in his mind.

"There seems to be some evil aura in this Guanghan Island." Mu Yingying also embraced holy flames, and she was extremely sensitive to the evil power of some foreign evil races, and immediately spoke.

"Boom boom boom!" After a while, the restriction that sealed the entrance to Guanghan Island was completely lifted.

"The seal has been broken, everyone can go in." Xiao Yan said lightly, and immediately put away the silver mouse, and then returned to Mu Yingying and the others.

"Come on!"

"Everyone, rush!"

"The inheritance of Fairy Moon is inside!"

"Whoever enters first has a chance to win!"

"And that fighting spirit!" I don't know who suddenly said a few words, and then those disciples burst out with extremely cheerful voices, and then without hesitation, their figures suddenly lifted into the sky and headed towards Guanghan Island!

"Inheritance and fighting spirit are not so easy to get."

"Let's go!" Seeing this, Meng Fei didn't hesitate. Although Xiao Yan made him feel a lot of mystery, the most urgent task now is to go and see first.

"Let's go?" Leng Fuyao immediately opened his mouth when he saw the crowds of people all rushing towards Guanghan Island.

"Not in a hurry." Yue Ru said lightly, obviously not in a hurry.

"Let them go first." Xiao Yan said the same, but when he looked at the other disciples pouring into Guanghan Island, there was a hint of laughter.

"Hey, let these people go first."

"The danger in Guanghan Island is not something these guys can imagine." At this time, the Silver Light Mouse suddenly laughed.

"You little guy, you don't seem to have any strength." Seeing this, Leng Fuyao couldn't help but smile at the Silver Light Mouse. It was obvious that this guy just broke the peculiar ability displayed by the entrance, which made Leng Fuyao's eyes shine.

"Don't, don't touch me!"

"Is this uncle that you can touch at will?" Although the Silver Light Mouse was extremely weak and extremely afraid of Leng Fuyao, he still pretended not to be afraid.

Girls are naturally not resistant to furry animals or beasts. Obviously, this silver light rat made Leng Fuyao feel this way.

"It's almost there, let's go." Seeing that these people had already left, Xiao Yan said immediately.

"En." Yueru nodded as well, and then a touch of silver appeared on her forehead, which was covered by bangs.

"Go to the medicine garden first?" Yueru asked gently.

These words were obviously addressed to Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan responded.

"A medicine garden?"

"Aren't you going to **** inheritance and fighting spirit?" Qin Xin was slightly surprised. Although her trip was just a foil, she also wanted to see it.

"There are too many people who have inherited and gathered fighting spirits, and now those who can enter Guanghan Island, the weakest ones also have the strength of the late six-star fighting emperor, so let them kill their strength first."

"Furthermore, if Fairy Moon Fairy's inheritance and fighting spirit were so easy to obtain, they wouldn't have been opened several times and all five people obtained it." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Having said so much, shouldn't there be any medicinal materials you need in the medicine garden?" Hearing Xiao Yan's explanation, Wu Po slightly curved his eyes and said with a smile.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan grinned when he saw the five poisons at a glance, but didn't say much.

"Well, Lin Zhu, this time it's Xiao Yan, but I want to take a look."

"A guy who can be praised by the three pavilion masters, in the end..." After the five poisons finished speaking, they looked at Xiao Yan expectantly.

"Follow me." Seeing Xiao Yan and the people from the Poison Sect talking like this, Yueru immediately said something to break the situation, and then jumped directly into Guanghan Island.

"Follow up." Xiao Yan said, then glanced around and found that no one was left behind, so he followed.

"Miss, what should we do?" Just when Xiao Yan and the others disappeared, Xing Taki and Xiao Bi suddenly appeared.

"Follow them, the inheritors are in their team, so I think they should know some secrets in Guanghan Island." Xingtaki's eyelashes flickered slightly, and then he spoke.

"Okay." Xiaobi agreed, and the two immediately followed Xiao Yan and the others.

"These guys are mysterious, I'm afraid they will have meat to eat with them."

"Brother Wang Xie, what do you think?" Guni said thoughtfully.

"Follow them." Wang Xie thought for a while, then spoke.

Since the fighting spirit is not in Jade Rabbit Island, it is very likely that it is in Guanghan Island, and this Guanghan Island is so large, I am afraid that it will be difficult to find in a short time. If so, it is better to follow Xiao Yan and the others.

"Let's go." The two hit it off and immediately followed.

So far, everyone who has entered the ruins is heading towards Guanghan Island, some people are running for the soul, some people are running for the so-called inheritance, and some people are even running for some other things. Pregnant with ghosts.

"What a mysterious space."

"There is a faint trace of the power of the starry sky in this space This thing is a good thing that only a fighting fairy can condense." Just stepping into Guanghan Island, suddenly I found a bright moon flickering in the sky, and then the shining moonlight gave Yueru the feeling.

"Why didn't I feel it?" Mu Feng wondered why Yueru was the only one in his group who felt it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Maybe it's because she has an inheritance rune on her body." Wudu stood up slightly at this moment and said.

"God can't be so unfair, right?" Seeing this, Mu Feng said sadly immediately.

"Otherwise, you could absorb the power of this starry sky here, and maybe it could help you break through your current strength." Yueru Breakthrough smiled at Mu Feng.

Although Mu Feng's strength is not strong, when she cracked the iron gate gossip before, Yueru knew clearly that this guy's strength was extremely terrifying.

"Forget it, I'll follow you guys." Mu Feng thought about it for a while, and realized that it was too much of a loss for him to do so, so he spoke immediately.

"Come this way." Yueru said, but the eyes of the others were attracted by a huge purple palace far away in front of her.

"Is that the place of inheritance?"

"What a terrifying fluctuation." Immediately, ripples arose in everyone's heart.

I have something to do today. I will go out at noon, so the other chapters will be updated in the evening.