Chapter Vol 4 2243: Tribulation Forest Valley, golden Foyle!

"Missing something vital?"

Xiao Yan looked suspiciously at the mysterious Master Liao Chen in front of him, but he couldn't find any doubts after some induction.

There are very few people who still master the art of repairing magic weapons in ancient times, and it is difficult to find traces. Now that this guy is finally found, it seems that he can only use a dead horse as a living horse doctor.

"Your ruler looks very ordinary, but there are many ancient and vast rune structures inside, and I can't repair it perfectly, but the old man is willing to do his best to repair its external parts. It’s just that repairing the exterior is also very mysterious, because the required material is mysterious, so it needs a very special material.”

"Meteorite iron."

Master Lu Chen's eyes have been staring at the ancient ruler in his hand, as if touching a precious treasure, cherishing words like a golden road.

This level of skillful craftsmanship cannot be cast even by oneself, but when he grasps it in his hand, the blood that has been silent for countless years in the body becomes surging.

"Meteorite iron?"

"I also hope that the master will make it clear."

Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan looked at each other and said at the same time, now they can only trust this guy temporarily.

"With your intelligence, you naturally know the construction of these majestic mountains, right?"

Master Chen twirled the Buddha beads and explained to Xiao Yan little by little.

"Is this a formation?"

"Could it be that something is being suppressed here?"

Xiao Yan's heart skipped a beat, and then said directly.

"Blue-haired Buddha lion, it is the divine beast that Manjushri sat down on. As early as after the first World War, it has been left here for some reason, suppressing the endless evil and filth in this mountain range for generations. Legend has it that it guarded countless treasures, but no matter who went to seek alms, in the end they came back in vain."

"Meteorite iron is one of the things that the blue-haired Buddha lion guards. If you can get it, there will be no problem with repairing the outside of this ruler."

Master Chen replied, when he said this, his expression was extremely hot.

"In addition to the two gods and Buddhas, the six Bodhisattvas are people who have attained Taoism in my Buddhism. Manjusri Bodhisattva has great wisdom. Sitting down on the blue-haired Buddha lion body controls extremely powerful power, and there are even many rumors that its roar can be shattered. The human heart crushes the soul, and the power of destruction is terrifying."

"It is located in the depths of this deep mountain, the Jie Lin Valley."

"There are thunderstorms all day around the Jie Lin Valley, and with the existence of this divine beast, we Buddhists can't get close to there, so..."

Master Lie Chen said this, suddenly withdrew his gaze, and then looked at Xiao Yan.

"Master, please wait here, we will go back when we go, but I hope Master will show you the way."

Xiao Yan nodded, and then asked him directly.

"Donor, I'll give you a ride!"

Master Liaochen murmured countless Buddhist scriptures all over his body, and the golden Buddha light entangled Xiao Yan and the two of them, and then turned into a stream of light, blasting away from the temple, and its destination was naturally the center of the deep mountain.

"Amitabha, my Buddha is merciful, I hope the benefactor of this good fortune can grasp it."

The sound of the Buddha reverberated throughout the temple for a long time.

"Second brother, is this guy plotting against us?"

"Your ancient ruler is still in his hands."

Along the way, Xiao Yi, who was shrouded in the Buddha's light, couldn't help but ask, obviously a little worried. After all, Master Chen's attitude towards Xiao Yan was too different from the information they got.

"Don't worry, this master should be related to the ancient ruler, and I think he is intentionally pointing us, this trip may not be that simple."

Xiao Yan released the power of his soul, constantly exploring this lofty mountain range, faintly smelling waves of evil power through the thick mountain range.

"I've already reached the peak of the reincarnation step, and I still need a chance to step into the real first-level reincarnation, but second brother, you are worthy of reincarnation now. I don't know if you can completely change this time."

Xiao Yi nodded and said with the same relief, but she did not dare to underestimate Xiao Yan's quasi-reincarnation strength. After all, the power of the holy flame and the power of the dragon **** transformation, Xiao Yan has become a bit tyrannical now. people envy.

Under the shroud of the Buddha's light, the two of them headed towards the so-called Jie Lin Valley. In the boundless and majestic sky, a wave of awe-inspiring aura slapped on their bodies, which turned out to be a trace of a trace on their bodies. A rare numbness appeared.

Immediately, feeling this terrifying power, Xiao Yan suddenly raised his eyes to look at a mountain stream below, and a touch of excitement was conveyed.

"Here we are."

After the Buddha's light disappeared, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi's bodies fell from the sky like meteorites and fell directly against the mountain peaks on the ground.

Looking up, in front of him is a valley surrounded by hexagonal peaks. The surrounding peaks stand tall, but the surrounded valley completely collapses. There are actually golden thunders that permeate the valley above, all day long. .

With the appearance of the pieces of golden thunder, there was a thunderous sound that suddenly sounded from the bottom of my heart. The energy between the whole world seemed to be absorbed by the golden thunder, injected into it, and the golden thunder was tamed even more violently, streaks of golden thunder. The snake is very spiritual swimming in it.

The sight is now projected towards the valley below the Thunder Snake and Thunder Mang. A palace as grand as a palace in the sky appears loomingly under the cover of countless mists. The sense of coercion contained in it strikes the soul directly!

"right here?"

"What are you waiting for?"

"Second brother, let's go!"

Xiao Yi also looked up and was excited to jump from the edge of the mountain to the valley.

"Don't worry, this matter is probably not so simple."

Xiao Yan shook his head, and reached out to stop Xiao Yi. On some sharp rocks on the edge of the surrounding peaks in the valley, sticky blood was sprinkled all over the soil and rocks, and a strong smell of blood emanated from everywhere, even on the branches of some trees. , There are also cold corpses hanging, many of which are white bones and fresh corpses that have died soon.

"This?"

The hotness in Xiao Yi's heart was instantly awakened by the situation around her, and her face suddenly became serious.

"Since the green-haired Buddha lion is the seated beast of Manjushri, it has been left here since the first war between heaven and earth. One is to guard the countless evils in this land. As for the second, I am afraid it is not so simple."

Xiao Yan did not act in a hurry, his face became serious, his icy eyes accompanied by an extremely large soul force, turned into energy ripples and glanced away at the valley below.

"There's a little..."

"Let's go!"

Xiao Yan turned his head just wanted to say something, but he didn't finish it in the end, he said something to Xiao Yi, and then the two jumped directly from the top of the mountain to the Jielin Valley below.

Some things are too mysterious, I'm afraid I can only take risks!

"Boom!"

The bodies of the two were just surging, and suddenly the golden thunder was like a lion that had been awakened from a long sleep, and an extremely violent aura spread out, completely binding the two bodies in the middle of the valley.

"This should be the test of entering the valley. This kind of thunder is powerful. It is a Folei unique to Fomen. If you pass it, you will be born, otherwise..."

A trace of gray thunder began to condense all over Xiao Yan's body, and there were faint thunder clouds gathering behind him. One after another, humming sounds rang out, mixed with the coercion of the world.

"Otherwise?" Xiao Yi felt a tingling sensation on her scalp, and immediately said tremblingly.

"The skeletons on the mountain just now are lessons from the past."

"But just relying on this kind of strength is too cowardly."

"Step aside!"

"Lei came!"

An unruly and huge voice sounded, and a huge gray thunder that was as large as a thousand feet suddenly burst out from Xiao Yan's body, immediately pierced through the void, and directly carried it with the golden thunder snake!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: