Chapter Vol 4 1613: Level 1, Ghost Graveyard!

"You kid, I'm in a hurry." The figures of the headmaster looked at Xiao Yan's hot eyes and couldn't help but laugh, they naturally knew the preciousness of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, but the Earth Spirit Pagoda can only be used by five-star fighting immortals. Enter, so these guys, even if they want to enter, they can't resist the mysterious chaotic power, so they can only do this.

"Hehe." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled and did not shy away from it, after all, the Earth Spirit Pagoda was right in front of him.

"Let's go!" With a light hum, Ling Feng waved his hand, and dazzling spatial fluctuations emerged, directly including everyone's figures in it. After a few breaths, everyone was also brought to the top of the mountain by Ling Feng. Here, it is also impressive. The place where the Spirit Pagoda is stationed and the passage to enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda also exists here.

"Is this the Earth Spirit Pagoda?" Just after arriving at the top of this mountain range, a desolate aura slowly emerged, and then looking at a miniature tower in front of her that was immersed in the mud, Irene lost her voice.

At the top of the mountain, there is a majestic raised peak. At the top of the mountain, there is a small black tower engraved with countless mysterious lines. It is suddenly inserted into the top of the mountain. The small tower and the mountain are like one body. The fluctuations are densely covered, and it is obviously an extremely tyrannical defense force, so this level of defense, let alone a mere four-star Dou Xian, even a five-star Dou Xian would not dare to confront it. It is because of the arrangement of the net of heaven and earth, if you want to break through, I am afraid it is a fool's dream.

In the center of the black rock at the top of the mountain, the black earth spirit pagoda slowly appeared. The small pagoda was about tens of meters in size. It looks like a very ordinary small tower, but inside it contains monstrous divine power.

"You are fighting with both of them today. If you have a source of injury, why don't you take a day off before entering tomorrow?" Seeing the Earth Spirit Pagoda in front of him, Ling Yuanzi looked at Xiao Yan with concern and asked.

"The time is not for me." Xiao Yan shook his head when he heard the words.

"Although the Earth Spirit Pagoda is a tower of chance, we do our best in everything."

"What I can do is to open the spiritual gate to send you in. As for what chance and treasure you can get, it depends on your fortune." Suddenly, Ling Feng's eyes became illusory, obviously Xiao Yan returned Ling Yu's soul The body, of course, is also willing to serve.

"Many thanks, lords." Xiao Yan heard the words, and slowly clasped his fists to thank the two headmasters and Ling Yuanzi present.

"Lingmen!"

"Open!" After a while, on Ling Feng's body, a trace of silver lines spread out from his body like a wriggling snake. Immediately under his control, he blasted away at the small tower in the center of the mountain.

"Boom!" The small black tower that was standing quietly was so disturbed by Lingfeng, and suddenly bursts of strange power spread out. This power was invisible and colorless, but Xiao Yan understood that this was shockingly chaotic fluctuations, but The word chaos is too mysterious, let alone Xiao Yan, even the Lord of Soul Eater doesn't know much.

"go in……"

"Don't force it, if you can't support it, come out. You little guy is the pride of our Earth Spirit Academy." Seeing the mysterious power of the Chaos Light Gates emerging around the small black tower, Ling Yuanzi said.

"Disciple leads the order." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's heart became even more scorching hot, and he did not hesitate immediately, his body turned into a stream of light, and directly penetrated into the chaotic light gate of the small black tower.

"Weng Om!" After the breath, the Earth Spirit Pagoda became calm, but Xiao Yan had already entered it at this time.

"I don't know how this little guy can grow to various levels after coming out of the Earth Spirit Pagoda..." As Xiao Yan disappeared, the several headmasters present also laughed.

Xiao Yan was able to cope with the four-star Dou Xian perfection level powerhouse with the strength of the four-star Dou Xian in the early stage, and he was able to experience the gift of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"Let's go."

"Then take good care of the Earth Spirit Institute. I always feel that something big is happening. I hope it's my delusion." After a while, Ling Yuanzi slowly disappeared, leaving a rather obscure voice behind.

On the other side, in the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan had just entered the Earth Spirit Pagoda from the Chaos Gate of Light, and was suddenly pushed to a certain place by an extremely terrifying chaotic force. No matter how Xiao Yan wanted to break free from this bondage, there was no way to do it. , can only rely on the power of the soul to vaguely feel that he seems to be pushed to an extremely strange place by the power of chaos.

"What is this place?" Just after arriving here, Xiao Yan's whole body was filled with dazzling white mist, and he couldn't see exactly where this place was, but a touch of indifference emerged in his heart, and he immediately frowned, always vigilant.

"The chaos system is rather strange. It not only contains many characteristics of the space channel, but also many mysterious powers, even I don't know it." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"How to dispel these mists?" At that time, Xiao Yan felt that the space around him had stabilized, and immediately he could not see his five fingers, and immediately asked in doubt.

"Crimson Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" The next moment, a fiery red celestial seed emerged from Xiao Yan's body, and the majestic flame power burned directly.

"Shabu!" With a sound, this special space filled with white mist suddenly revealed its original appearance.

"This is... the first floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda?"

"Ghost cemetery?" And with the power of Xiao Yan's great celestial flame to disperse the white fill the power of flame was instantly annihilated by a mysterious force, and then a sound was lost from Xiao Yan's body. Soul Eater emerged from the mouth.

"Ghost cemetery?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his eyes spread out, and a stunned expression immediately appeared in his heart.

Looking around, this is an extremely desolate area. The entire leyline presents an arc-shaped structure. There is no life here, nor any life. It is even only constructed of countless tombstones. There are extremely strong fluctuations in the middle, like obsession.

Even at the top of the arc-shaped ghost cemetery, a red tombstone slowly poured into Xiao Yan's line of sight, but just as Xiao Yan's eyes fixed on the red tombstone, his body trembled involuntarily, and even his insides The spirit palace trembled violently, as if it had encountered some terrifying biological aura, emitting an aura of fear!

Xiao Yan is now the soul power of the fairyland, which can make him feel so fearful, I am afraid it is enough to show that the danger in the first floor of the spiritual tower is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination.

However, it also happened to answer the words of the Earth Spirit Academy... After all, chance and **** are only a matter of one thought.

"Earth Spirit Tower."

"Opportunity is above, **** is below, right and wrong success or failure, between a single thought."

This is the description of the Earth Spirit Pagoda by the Earth Spirit Academy.