Chapter Vol 4 1761: Set up Endless Fire Territory!

"Sir Xiao Yan is really talented." Seeing Xiao Yan's supreme posture, all the strong people present also looked at each other in dismay.

Because at this moment, the entire Mysterious Spirit Continent has been completely controlled by Queen Medusa, and the thousand strong people brought back by Xiao Yan are not something they can compete with.

Up to now, they no longer have the right to choose, and looking at Xiao Yan's tyrannical attitude, if he disagrees, he may have to find his own way.

If you don’t agree, then leave Xuan Santian. After all, if it wasn’t for the fact that these guys were born and raised in Xuantian’s sect, Xiao Yan probably wouldn’t let them sit here safely. After all, the strength of these sects was very important to Xiao Yan. , without much substantial help.

"My lord... we have lost our way. Our two sects agree with your approach." Seeing Xiao Yan's arrogant attitude, one man and one woman were unable to speak. It's just a class of warriors, and now it seems that they are very wrong.

"Huo Yi, the task of integrating the forces in the past few days will be handed over to you."

"Remember that the foundation of each sect should not be shaken, and the newly established forces are clearly divided into their respective parts."

"Battle, defense, and logistical supplies are divided according to their respective sects. In addition, the rewards and punishments are fair and strict."

"..." Seeing the silence in the audience, Xiao Yan opened his mouth and said, one after another quite clear rules emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth.

"This guy, I can't see that he has a second chance... But won't there be any sequelae of such coercion?" Seeing Xiao Yan's thunderous means, these shocked fellows were unable to refute, Mu Yingying whispered, obviously She also found that some guys were convinced on the surface, but a little resentful inside.

"Don't worry, convince people with virtue, don't forget this guy's identity as a pharmacist." Cai Lin smiled, she obviously knew Xiao Yan's character and methods very well.

"Since now a new force has been integrated, I will not treat you badly."

"In a short time, you will all get a Fighting Immortal Pill." Seeing that some of the strong people present were slightly unconvinced, Xiao Yan immediately smiled. He naturally expected this step, so he wouldn't.

"Fighting Immortal Pill?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the strong man present couldn't help but said with red eyes.

Fighting Immortal Pill, this is not comparable to Dou Di Pill, and most of these guys are two-star Douxian Perfection. Once you have Dou Immortal Pill, you will be able to step into three-star.

This move of Xiao Yan has undoubtedly won the hearts and minds of many strong people.

"Everything is according to what the adults said." For a time, the strong people present nodded and smiled, and at this moment, the hostility in their hearts disappeared without a trace.

"Since a new faction is going to be established, then there must be a strong name, right?" After some restlessness, no one was against Xiao Yan. Among them, these guys had already designated Xiao Yan as the ruler of the new force, and Fen Tian took the lead. road.

"Why don't you just call it Wanhuoyu?"

"I think we will definitely not be limited to this in the future." Elder Huoyun walked out slightly and said with a smile.

"Yu... You really have enough ambition." Xiao Yan nodded lightly when he heard the words.

What can be called a domain, at least it is a region that governs hundreds of planes. Although there is only one continent of Xuanling Continent, but in the future, who is right?

"Go! Go! Go……"

"With such an ugly name, Ten Thousand Fire Territory, why not call it the Land of Fire?"

"Land of Fire?"

"Purgatory Hall Master, you haven't woken up yet, such an old-fashioned name..." For a while, the entire hall became full of chatter.

"It's really a headache." Xiao Yan looked at this scene, and his head suddenly became a little big. This kind of thing is obviously the most troublesome.

"I think... it's better to call it Endless Fire Territory." After the commotion continued for a while, Cai Lin nodded slightly and said.

"Endless... Fire Territory?" Xiao Yan murmured, but these words seemed to contain some kind of magic power, shaking his heart, and even the Amber Rock Soul Fire sent out a burst of joy, obviously he liked this name very much.

"Endless Fire Territory?"

"Good name, Her Majesty is really smart." As Cailin spoke, the place became quiet.

"In that case, let's call it Endless Fire Territory."

"Integrate all the sect forces in Xuantian San, and divide them into specific details. Xuanling Continent will be our initial base." Xiao Yan laughed slowly, and his voice was filled with a rare gratification.

The Endless Fire Territory is really in line with Xiao Yan.

"Okay, everyone, let's go down separately. I'm afraid I've been busy recently, and the integration is going to trouble you all." After some discussion, Xiao Yan dismissed everyone.

"En." The crowd agreed and dispersed gently. With Xiao Yan's reassurance of fighting the Immortal Pill, they would naturally cooperate very strongly.

"Endless Fire Territory... You will be the two mistresses of Endless Fire Territory in the future." Looking at Cailin and Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan also smiled happily.

"Let's go down and collect some materials first. When I refine the Douxian Pill in the past few days, I'm afraid I need to travel far away." Xiao Yan sat quietly on the seat, rubbed his temples with his palms, and said softly.

"Is ten enough?" Cailin asked tentatively.

"Twenty, let's keep some for you to spare." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Yep."

"..." As soon as the words fell, they went back to their own business Since this day, the heads of the various super sects in Xuantian have joined forces to form the Endless Fire Territory. With these veterans The leadership of the forces turned out to be quite smooth to completely integrate the countless forces, and the overall strength of the Endless Fire Territory was also greatly improved.

And the Mountain of Mysterious Spirit has also become the base camp of the Endless Fire Territory. For a time, this new force was actually widely circulated in the Dou Di Sifang Continent.

And even though Xuanling Continent is the weakest of the four continents of Dou Di Continent, with the help of the many powerhouses brought by Xiao Yan, it has directly surpassed Haohai Continent and became the third-ranked continent. As for the continent above this, only Tianxing Continent and Douyun Continent where the eight ancient clans existed.

In the past few days, Cailin and Mu Yingying have personally traveled to the major auction pharmacies in Xuantian Sansan to collect and refine the medicinal materials for Xiao Yan. Time, but in the end, he collected 20 medicinal herbs and handed them over to Xiao Yan.

"I refined the Dou Xian Dan in retreat, so as to completely appease their state of mind." After Xiao Yan got the medicinal materials, he also made some corrections with the two Cailin girls, and then stepped into the retreat stone room, and the Endless Fire Territory has The queen's posture like Cailin and the many top managements of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect also presented a thriving scene.

At the beginning of the birth of the Endless Fire Territory, it came from this, and after a long time, a catastrophe came quietly, and it was this catastrophe against the Endless Fire Territory that resounded the reputation of the Endless Fire Territory throughout the Great Thousand World!