Chapter 394: The Child of Light in the Church proposes Xun'er!

"Senior, this junior is the child of light in the current church, and the ancient clan is here for one thing." A rather handsome man, dressed in black, with a dry face that brought out a rather soft aura.

"what?"

"This person is actually the Son of Light?" The next moment, as the young man's words fell, in addition to the peerless Heavenly Emperor, the Dou Xian of the six ancient clans next to him also showed an incredible look!

Child of Light!

They can't be clear about what this means!

Light is the origin of all things, the child of the birth of all things!

Child of Light, not only means that this man is a light-type grudge, but also shows a bigger problem!

The one chosen by the angels!

Child of Light!

It can be said without hesitation that as long as you grow up, you will definitely be a peak powerhouse in the future!

Moreover, the only effect of light-attribute vindictiveness is healing!

But dealing with people in the ghost world and the devil world is extremely terrifying!

However, this does not restrict their future potential in any way!

After all, a person who is capable of mastering the divine art of resurrection is undoubtedly a more willing follower than a pharmacist.

"Son of Light..." Xun'er also found the shock of the other six powerhouses of the ancient clan, but Xun'er was not too surprised, because at this time, in Xun'er's mind, there was already a heavy ruler on his back. filled by men.

"Children of Light..."

"I haven't seen each other for many years. I remember that after the Son of Light in your church appeared a thousand years ago, he also reached the pinnacle of Dou Xian, and he was only one step away from Dou Shen..."

"Having mastered the technique of resurrection, he can be considered a true overlord on our Douyun Continent." Peerless Heavenly Emperor also spoke slowly.

"That person is my uncle." The next moment, the young man also said slowly.

Because he also knew that among the seven ancient clan fighting immortals, only this peerless Heavenly Emperor was the strongest, and he had to lower his posture immediately.

After all, he also came with a request!

As long as the goal can be achieved, it is harmless to humiliate a little now.

"Haha, I don't know why the church came here this time?" The next moment, Peerless Heavenly Emperor also slowly narrowed his eyes.

Obviously, the identity of this child of light and Micah, one of the three red-clothed archbishops, are enough to show that this kid is highly valued by the church.

Because even if it is a peerless emperor, the Son of Light in the face of this church has to lower his stance. After all, this Child of Light's status in the church is only second to the Pope and the three red-clothed archbishops!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, let me tell you." The next moment, the red-clothed archbishop next to the Child of Light also stood up, and then smiled slowly.

"I've heard for a long time that Miss Xun'er of the ancient clan has descended into the world because of her beauty. When I saw her today, she really lived up to her reputation." The red-clothed archbishop Mika also praised Xun'er who was sitting beside him.

"Senior is wrong." The next moment, Xun'er also stood up and bowed back to Micah.

However, Xun'er was extremely puzzled in her heart. She didn't know why the two from this church came here this time, and why they took the initiative to find her now. A bad idea was born in her heart.

"Peerless Heavenly Emperor, you have a good disciple."

"But the purpose of our trip is for Miss Xun'er." The next moment, Mika also said suddenly.

"What?" The next moment, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor's expression also became extremely displeased.

The details of this Xun'er are known only to a very small number of people from their ancient clan, so to the outside world, they just say that this is the genius of the new generation of their ancient clan, and it did not appear in the eyes of others because of the closed-door seclusion.

"Senior, the first thing this boy saw when he saw Miss Xun'er was that he fell in love with her."

"The feeling of falling in love at first sight is wonderful, and I hope that the adults will be successful." The next moment, the Child of Light also clenched his fists with both hands, and then said to the peerless Heavenly Emperor beside him.

"This..." The next moment, the six surrounding powerhouses were also stunned, and they were obviously shocked by the sudden appearance of the Son of Light.

"I'm sorry, Your Excellency Son of Light, Xun'er already has a family." Xun'er on the side was shocked when he heard the words of the Son of Light, and stood up slightly, then said with a smile.

"what?"

"How is that possible!" The next moment, the Child of Light was also suddenly surprised!

This Xun'er actually already has a family!

How can it be!

How could such a beautiful person like an angel be sullied by others!

No, such a beautiful person only needs him, the Son of Light, to get it!

Whoever it is, kill it!

"Miss Xun'er, it doesn't matter if you have a family. I think only I can be worthy of you." After the Son of Light finished, the light attribute aura instantly filled his body, and then an extremely arrogant aura was also filled with light. In the pupil of the son.

But when she thought that the fairy woman in front of her was actually taken first by others, she felt a little angry in her heart.

"Shabu!" At the moment when the white Dou Qi light appeared on the Son of Light, the seven Dou Immortal powerhouses in the hall all felt that there was an extremely pure power flowing slowly in their bodies. Even the little remaining vitality was enhanced by this pure white light!

This is the horror of the Child of Light!

Not to mention that the current child of light has such a terrifying ability even if he has not accepted the inheritance. If he accepts the inheritance in the future, then I am afraid it will be enough to master the resurrection magic!

"Child of Light!"

"Pay attention to my image!" The next moment, Mika, who was next to him, also noticed that the Child of Light was full of words, and immediately spoke out!

"Humph!" The next moment, Xun'er also snorted coldly with the offense of the Son of Light, and then the strength of the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor also emerged in an instant.

The strength of the five-star Dou Di in the middle stage is not enough to form a shock in the eyes of the eight Dou Xian level powerhouses, but with the appearance of this Dou Qi, Xun'er's slender eyelashes moved slightly, and then a The power of a golden flame also spread out instantly!

Just as the golden flame appeared, it directly burned the pure white grudge on the Son of Light!

"damn it!"

"What is this thing that can actually burn my grudge?" The next moment, the Child of Light was also suddenly surprised!

Because he was surprised to find that this terrifying golden flame burned his vindictiveness, and it was not so easy to extinguish.

"Shabu Shabu!" Mika, who was beside him, also noticed the abnormality of the Son of Light, and immediately waved his hand, and an invisible force extinguished the golden flame.

"This is..." The next moment, Micah also seemed to be surprised by Xun'er's golden flame, and she thought about something in a deep voice.

"Boom boom boom!" With the appearance of golden flames, several people in the entire hall also exclaimed.

"This is……"

"A complete Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan?" The next moment, the other six Immortal Fighters were suddenly surprised!

No wonder they were so surprised!

Because there is an extremely terrifying holy flame within the ancient clan!

This holy flame is extremely special. It must be absorbed by the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan as its predecessor. Otherwise, with the power of that holy flame, even a strong immortal warrior can fall directly!

"Hey, our seven factions have been fighting for so long, I can't think of it..." The next moment, I carefully felt the golden flame with terrifying power on Xun'er's body, and the other six fighting immortals also said slowly. .

Ask for tickets!