Chapter 536: Two brothers and sisters with bizarre backgrounds!

"Hahaha."

"Little brother, don't say a single thing, even if you let me go to the sea of ​​​​swords and flames, this king will never say a word!" Snake Punishment said a little hotly, and his voice towards Xiao Yan became extremely gentle!

Could this Xiao Yan be an emissary sent by heaven?

Let's not talk about helping me to kill the Gorefiend from the alien race!

That Gorefiend general, even if Snake Punishment and Snake Spirit joined forces, would not be able to handle it. How could he have imagined that he would be so vulnerable in Xiao Yan's hands!

From the beginning to the end, Snake Punishment did not know how this Gorefiend would fall!

If it weren't for that Gorefiend suppressing the power in his body, now that the power has returned, his strength has recovered a lot, and Snake Punishment can't believe that a kid in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor would actually attack this terrifying Gorefiend. killed!

Furthermore, to help him separate the two women with mysterious backgrounds, this is simply...

Although Snake Punishment is quite old, he is extremely excited at this moment.

"Calm down." Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly and said immediately.

"Yep."

"Is there anything you need my help, little brother?" Snake said.

"Forget it, let's help you separate the snake spirits and the others first." Xiao Yan said after thinking for a while. As for his own request, he had to see how the snake torture's temperament was making decisions.

"Okay!" Snake Xing heard the words, wishing that Xiao Yan would separate himself now!

Once the two snake spirits are separated, then among the other two foreheads of the three-headed water spirit snake, snake torture can cultivate spiritual wisdom!

A three-headed water snake with three intellects and a three-headed water snake with one intellect are not the same level!

That kind of feeling, as if possessing holy flames and humans who do not possess holy flames, are definitely not on the same level!

Although the two snake spirits have helped a lot in snake torture, how can they compare with his own intelligence!

"Let's get started!" Snake Punishment said impatiently.

"Yes." Snake said slowly when he heard the words.

"What should I do?" Snake said.

"Show your three-headed water snake body, and I will help you with the rest." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his heart sank slightly.

Although this separation seems simple, Xiao Yan has only heard his master Jinlong King say it before, and it is inevitable that he is a little wary when he does it for the first time.

But it is worth celebrating that this separation will not be too difficult.

"嘁偁嘁!" The next moment, the appearance of a human being tortured by a snake changed instantly, and then turned into the body of a snake.

The snake's body is about two meters high, and the strange three-color scales all over its body seem to be flashing with extremely strange power, and then the snake's tail slowly stepped on the ground, and the snake's head was much higher than Xiao Yan.

The ferocious snake head in the middle of the three water spirit snakes said slightly: "Little brother, is this all right?"

Snake Punishment was slightly surprised, now that Snake Spirit and Snake Jade have been isolated by his own barrier, and his other two heads are in a state of suspended animation in a sense!

Originally, when he devoured the blood of three water-spirit snakes, it was best to condense the other two foreheads, but due to the erosion of the foreign evil blood demon general, the snake punishment was abandoned, and the two snakes were allowed to enter him. of two heads.

Today's three-headed water spirit snakes, except for the snake head in the middle, which is alive, the other two foreheads are dim, as if dead!

"It's alright." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his fingers pointed slightly at the other two dull foreheads of the three-headed water spirit snake, and then a huge soul force poured in instantly!

"Shabu Shabu!" In a short instant, the other two snake heads of the three-headed water snake radiated some strange brilliance!

"It seems that this really works!" Xiao Yan was overjoyed!

I heard from my master Jin Longwang before that the heaven and the earth are supernatural, and there are inevitably some creatures like these three-headed water snakes. If you want to separate their power, the soul power is undoubtedly the most basic!

However, Xiao Yan was at a loss as to how to do it.

"Wrap in your soul?"

"The evil power of these three water spirit snakes has been expelled by you, and the resistance to you should be negligible now, and the two snake spirits are not in the two foreheads, I am afraid you only need to wipe out the snake spirit. The breath of the two can..."

"As for the birth of spiritual wisdom, it depends on the creation of these three water snakes." Long Yi seemed to know a lot and said to Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed, and immediately increased the transmission of soul power, trying to directly fill the other two foreheads of the three water snakes!

The next moment, the other two foreheads of the three-headed water spirit snake seemed to emit a feeling of saturation, and then a loud shout came out from Xiao Yan's mouth!

With the sound of this voice, Snake Xing only felt a violent vibration in his mind, and then he seemed to have control over the other two foreheads in his body!

With such a feeling, it is astonishing that I have recovered three water snakes!

As for the spiritual wisdom of the other two foreheads, snake punishment has self-confidence, and it is not difficult to cultivate.

"This person is such a powerful soul... I seem to remember something." The snake spirit shell on the side moved slightly, apparently the connection with the three-headed water spirit snake was suddenly cut off.

"Okay." Xiao Yan slowly withdrew his strength, then waved his hand.

"Little brother, thank you for your kindness!" Snake Xing said with red eyes, grabbed Xiao Yan's palm and said excitedly.

"After so many years..." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

However, Xiao Yan still said, "Where is it?"

"Since I promised senior, I want to show some strength."

"Now it's a blessing not to be humiliated."

The dull voice slowly echoed in the pavilion.

"This barrier should also be removed, right?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he saw this snake torture immediately coughed a few words.

"Oh oh oh, you can see that I am so confused!"

"This is withdrawing!" Snake Punishment said slightly, and then Zaidu returned to his human appearance. With a wave of his palm, the enchantment disappeared immediately.

"I don't know the name of the little brother?" Snake Xing said slightly. Obviously, someone with such terrifying strength at such an age is probably not an unknown person.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, not too lazy to hide it, after all, this place is in a desert mountain range.

"Sure enough, he lives up to his name." Snake shook his head, obviously ignorant of the name.

"Senior, now, it's time to complete our deal?" Xiao Yan paused, observed the movement of the snake torture, and found that the old guy really didn't have any bad intentions, so he spoke immediately.

"Definitely." Snake Xing said slightly.

"Lingling, come here." Snake said suddenly.

"Senior, what do you mean?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's heart sank immediately. Could it be that this old guy really...

"Hey, little brother Xiao Yan, don't worry."

"What the old man said will be done naturally, but if you want to go to that mansion, there is one thing you must do." Snake Punishment said meaningfully, and then his eyes slowly looked at Snake Spirit and Snake Jade.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan frowned slightly.

Ask for tickets!