Chapter Vol 2 744: Small win 1 chip!

"Zhu Yuan, take me a blow!"

"Move the sky ruler!" In the space, Xiao held the huge ancient ruler of different fires. At this time, on the ancient ruler of different fires, a force of holy flames, after Xiao Yan's special control, suddenly evolved into a holy battle. The technique of moving the sky ruler, and its power, is even more terrifying than the phantom in the space of the sky-moving ruler scroll before!

After all, Xiao Yan at this time was using the power of holy flame, and it was naturally more terrifying than ordinary fighting qi or vitality!

"Is this the moving ruler? It's such a weird fluctuation."

"Just this fluctuation is enough to reach the name of the holy order."

"Brother Zhu Yuan, how do you take it now? This Heaven-shifting Ruler is very famous." When some disciples saw Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, they immediately opened their mouths slightly, and they were worried about Zhu Yuan in their voices.

At this time, the two fighting in the small space can be said without hesitation, it can be regarded as the peak duel between the youngest generation in the human hall and the earth hall, so at this moment, many disciples hope that their place The temple can win.

"Can Senior Brother Zhu Yuan take such a powerful attack..." Ling Xuan immediately said hesitantly.

As the daughter of the Hall Master of the Earth Palace, she is naturally aware of the power of this heaven-moving ruler.

"Hehe, don't underestimate your second senior brother, he was able to step into the Seven Star Dou Di with the perseverance you can imagine." Zhang Wumeng seemed to know Zhu Yuan quite well, so he spoke immediately.

"Although I don't want Xiao Yan to fail, I still hope that Senior Brother Zhu Yuan will win!" Ling Xuanbei nibbled her lips and opened her mouth slightly.

"Look, the show has just begun." After Xingyu finished speaking, everyone's eyes returned to the small space.

"What a terrifying attack, it is worthy of being the treasure of the Temple of Man."

"but……"

"Don't underestimate the treasures of our palace and palace!"

"Reckless waste hands!" Zhu Yuan's voice was slow at first, but at the end of his words, he shouted loudly.

As Zhu Yuan shouted, a trace of desolate power gradually appeared in this small space. This kind of desolation invades people's hearts and is extremely sad, as if the slightest contamination will instantly turn into nothingness!

The next moment, Zhu Yuan's palm suddenly burst into a strange bronze color, and the power on his palm was enough to destroy everything!

"The power of the wild..."

"But this thing is not very useful to me." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said abruptly.

After all, Xiao Yan's holy flame, the earth attribute in the Fire Heart Tianyan has the power of wild desolation, so Zhu Yuan's attack seems to be powerful, but in fact it does not cause much damage to Xiao Yan!

"The Heavenly Temple's Burning Heaven Jue, the Earthly Temple's Savage Hand, and the Human Temple's Heaven-shifting Ruler, these three great skills have their own merits."

"The Heavenly Temple's fighting skills are not supported by the power of holy flame, but it is the weakest among the three temples." While Xiao Yan accepted the ring, the voice of the Golden Dragon King slowly looked at Xiao Yan outside the ring.

During these times, the Golden Dragon King retreated, Xiao Yan also grew a lot, and now he is also a strong man, the Golden Dragon King said with a smile.

"It seems that after rescuing Yanchi, it's time to teach him the supreme training method of our dragon clan, and I have to do my own thing."

"Fen Jue has cultivated to the end, if there is no such way of refining the body of our dragon family, it is not enough to break through." After the golden dragon king's voice finished speaking, it disappeared and calmed down.

"Now, let's see if it's your Human Temple's fighting skills or our Earth Temple's fighting skills!"

"Reckless hand!"

"Break it for me!"

Zhu Yuan shouted loudly, and then his bronzed palm suddenly pushed hard against the void in front of him.

"It's good to come!"

"Move the ruler!" Xiao Yan also shouted.

Xiao Yan just condensed the moving ruler, but in order to prove which of the two fighting skills is stronger or weaker, he has not started it for a long time. Now that Zhu Yuan's attack is brewing, the two are not hesitating, and the terrifying attack is displayed in an instant. !

"Boom boom boom!" The attacks from the two gushed out from the sky, and the small space suddenly became restless, as if it would collapse at any time!

"Xiong Yuan, take action!" At the next moment, Mu Xuzi broke through and sensed the smell of earth-yellow flames, and immediately confronted Xiong Yuan without hesitation.

"Together!" Hearing this, Xiong Yuan nodded immediately. He also knew that Xiao Yan and Zhu Yuan's strengths were not trivial, and there were so many people gathered here at this time. If their attacks were leaked, the consequences would be unimaginable. !

"Shabu shabu!" Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi directly flew into the air, and then the dazzling Eight-Star Dou Emperor around them showed their complete strength. The next moment, the dazzling vitality of the two suddenly poured into the small space At this moment, the small space slowly stabilized.

And as the small space stabilized, the attack of Xiao Yan and Zhu Yuan also came to an end.

"Who won?" As the small space stabilized, all the disciples immediately narrowed their eyes, staring at the small space.

"Boom boom boom!" The small space slowly spread out, revealing the figures of Xiao Yan and Zhu Yuan.

"You are very strong." Xiao Yan said to Zhu Yuan with a calm expression.

Zhu Yuan was unmoved at all, and also replied: "One move is missing, you won this competition."

"what!"

"How can it be?"

"Xiao Yan actually defeated the Second Senior Brother Earth Hall with the strength of the Six-Star Dou Di?"

"Second Senior Brother is a genuine Seven-Star Dou Emperor!" As soon as Zhu Yuan's voice fell, all the disciples immediately questioned him.

"It's just a fluke." Facing Zhu Yuan's admission of defeat, Xiao Yan also spoke slightly.

"If you lose, you lose. Where do you get so many excuses?"

"You won. From now on, you will be the first person in the Burning Incense Pavilion!" Zhu Yuan's voice just fell disappeared, but Xiao Yan seemed to disappear from the corner of Zhu Yuan's mouth. I felt a relieved smile.

"What the **** is this guy doing?" Xiao Yan shook his head and said, obviously not knowing what Zhu Yuan was thinking.

However, Xiao Yan knew very well about the battle just now. If he hadn't possessed the power of holy flame and isolated most of the reckless hands, he would have caused serious and irreversible damage to himself, and even if he possessed holy flame, Xiao Yan would have suffered severe damage. It was also found that this guy named Zhu Yuan was far from being comparable to him in terms of strength and understanding of fighting skills. Although he had just defeated him by chance at the last moment, Xiao Yan knew that if it was a real life and death Dou, I am afraid that my odds of winning against him are less than 40%!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This is the strength and temperament of the Second Senior Brother Earth Hall.

"Hehe, it's fine."

"Since this is the case, then I announce that Xiao Yan is the number one among the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion who miss you!" Seeing this, Mu Xuzi breathed a sigh of relief, and immediately said while taking advantage of the heat.

"Hey, Zhu Yuan, do you still want to do that dangerous thing..." Mu Xuzi wasn't happy on Xiong Yuan's cheek, because he vaguely knew what Zhu Yuan was doing today, it was probably just for one thing.

"Since the matter is over, let's all go back individually. In a few months, news of the ruins will come out." After Mu Xuzi finished speaking, the hundreds of disciples slowly dispersed, leaving only Xiao Yan and a few people.

Ask for tickets!