Chapter 160: Amazing soul power!

"This second part of the soul test is also very simple. As long as you stimulate the soul power in your soul realm, this instrument will automatically recognize its level."

"Soul strength is divided from one to ten, one is the lowest and ten is the highest."

"Come on." After Mo Chen finished speaking, the lights in the room suddenly went out, and an extra radiant bead appeared in his hand.

"Good guy, it's actually sucking the spirit beads!" Liu Yin also said when she saw the beads in Mo Chen's hand.

"What is a spirit bead?" Xiao Yan also asked.

"The so-called Ling Lingzhu is an item specially used by some sects to test the talents of their disciples. It is said that this bead is very valuable."

"And on our Dou Di Continent, as long as everyone has Dou Qi since birth, even if they haven't specially cultivated soul power, they will have some soul power."

"It's just that the strength and weakness of this soul force vary from person to person, and it's hard for ordinary people to find out." Yue Ru also said.

"When he was on the Dou Qi Continent, Xiao Yan only knew that the soul levels of their pharmacists were: Mortal Realm, Spirit Realm, Heaven Realm, and Emperor Realm. Each realm is divided into 3 sub-grades, early stage, middle stage, and great perfection. Spiritual realm The eighth-grade pills can be made in the heaven, the ninth-grade pills can be made in the heavenly realm, and the emperor-grade pills can be made in the emperor realm." After thinking about it, Xiao Yan also came to Mo Chen, and just wanted to test it, but unexpectedly Wang Zhong and several people suddenly appeared in front of him, and then moved their eyes sharply at Xiao Yan, as if to signal something, Xiao Yan nodded knowingly upon seeing this, so he had no choice but to do it.

"Wang Zhong, the soul power is four!" Mo Chen also said softly.

Compared to Wang Zhong, he was not surprised at all. After all, the power of the soul is something intangible and illusory. He is more willing to spend more time practicing swordsmanship than the sword behind him.

"Sun Ming, soul power is three!" Mo Chen also spoke slowly.

"Hehe, you old reckless man, your soul power is actually so much weaker than mine?" Wang Zhong said to Sun Ming with satisfaction.

"Soul power is not suitable for me, but it's the most suitable for me..." Sun Ming also grinned, not at all displeased by Wang Zhong's taunting.

"And even though your soul strength is four, you seem to be stronger than me, why don't we go out and fight once?" Sun Ming also smiled honestly.

Wang Zhongwen also hurriedly shut up when he heard the words. Although he was a sword idiot, he didn't want to fight Sun Ming, because when they were still in the seven major cities, the two often fought each other, so they were familiar with each other. The bloodline of a warrior is no joke. Even though he has mastered some knacks of sword intent, Wang Zhong doesn't care about the physical damage he suffers when he fights.

"Mueller, the soul power is five."

"Shen Xu, the soul power is five."

"Monster, soul power is six!"

"Liu Yin, soul power is six!"

"Feng Yi, the soul power is seven!"

"Yueru, the soul power is seven!"

Mo Chen looked at the people in front of him and shook his head. Although it is good that the soul power is seven, but to win the name of the best fifth-class talent, obviously the soul power is the most important here, and the least is also necessary. Only a soul power of eight is possible...

So he looked helplessly at the eight people in front of him.

Xiao Yan looked at himself slightly, even if Feng Yi and Yue Ru were only rated as seven in terms of the power of their Emperor Realm souls, then if he was fully calculated, maybe eight would be the limit, but it is useless to think so much now, then go up One step ahead, looking at Mo Chen.

"Senior Brother Mo, I haven't tested it yet." Xiao Yan also spoke out as if he noticed that Mo Chen's eyes suddenly dimmed, with an absent-minded look.

"Oh, oh, look at how impatient I am, I remembered it wrong. I thought the test was over, hahaha." Mo Chen was also laughing. Outstanding people, the resources they can get will be very rich, but they can't be treated differently just because they are mediocre talents, otherwise they will be known by the people above, but they have violated Xuan Santian's taboo.

"Come on, just follow the way they were before."

"Um."

Speaking of which, Xiao Yan also closed his eyes and calmed down, and then communicated the power in his soul realm to move towards the suction bead in Mo Chen's hand.

In the dark room, with the appearance of Xiao Yan's soul power, it instantly became brighter!

Mo Chen was also shocked by the sudden and huge soul power, and then changed his lazy state just now and carefully stared at the suction bead in his hand.

"Hmph, pretending to be mysterious!" Mueller was also very unhappy with Xiao Yan's actions. After all, he was defeated by Xiao Yan in the ruins before, and then his father went to Yue's house to arrest Xiao Yan, and was given a great gift by Xiao Yan. Therefore, he was extremely resentful towards Xiao Yan.

"This kid, why do you feel that your soul power has improved a bit?" Wang Zhong also said, it is obvious that the soul power that Xiao Yan has released now is stronger than when he was in Qingcheng and the ruins.

"I heard that in addition to his powerful soul, Xiao Yan is also a first-grade emperor alchemist?" Feng Yi was obviously surprised. She had heard this before, but she didn't take it to heart after all. A pharmacist, the most basic three conditions for refining medicine: materials, fire, and soul perception.

Xiao Yan owns the materials and fire, but as for soul power, Feng Yi will definitely not believe it.

Just looking at it at this time, Feng Yi also frowned slightly. Obviously, this countless evidence shows that this Xiao Yan is very likely to be a first-rank emperor alchemist!

Even if he can reach the first emperor rank at a young age, his future achievements are also limitless...

Feng Yi also covered her surprised lips, and then looked at Xiao Yan beside her, as if she had made a decision in her heart.

"I wonder how much Xiao Yan can achieve this time?" Sun Ming also said curiously.

"According to my speculation, since Feng Yi is the soul of the emperor, Xiao Yan's soul power is too much stronger than hers, so it is not surprising to evaluate it as eight." Yaomei also played with her fingers and then put on a temptation. Human arc.

"Is it an eight?"

"It's really amazing!"

"It is worthy of being a pharmacist of the first rank of the emperor..." Several people were also constantly chatting.

Mo Chen stared at the Spirit Absorbing Orb in his hand and suddenly found that the Spirit Absorbing Orb began to change. Unlike others who were slow, this time it was changing rapidly.

"Eight!" A striking number appeared on the suction bead.

"Sure enough!" said several people who had already completed the test.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was also gathering in the Spirit Absorbing Orb, devoting all the soul power in his body!

Seeing this, Mo Chen didn't have time to rejoice when he saw the spirit-absorbing bead in his hand beating slowly, and then everyone saw Mo Chen's eyes staring at the spirit-absorbing bead.

"Nine!"

"It's actually nine!" Mo Chen also shouted with joy.

"It's not over yet!" Yueru said with sharp eyes.

Xiao Yan, whose eyes were tightly closed, had previously mobilized all the soul power in the soul realm in his body to irrigate the spirit beads, but now he is powerless to open his eyes.

Hearing Mo Chen's words, Xiao Yan also nodded in satisfaction, and just about to open his eyes, he was shocked by a force in his body.

Because he suddenly discovered that in the deep part of his body, in the place of Nigongwan, a force also gathered crazily towards the Spirit Absorbing Orb.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And Mo Chen, who was overjoyed, obviously did not find this power.

However, just when that power was injected into the Spirit Absorbing Orb, the original "nine" on the Spirit Absorbing Orb suddenly changed to "Ten!"

Ask for a monthly pass for a recommendation!