Chapter Vol 4 2257: Killing chickens and warning monkeys in the starry sky!

"Wong buzzing!"

At this moment, in the starry night of the endless fire domain, layers of dark clouds are densely covered, and the glass-colored soul fire phoenix constantly shakes and moves its body. Dimensional storms are generally scattered here.

"Destroy the King Plate!"

"The way of space!"

Feeling the terrifying power and vision contained in the soul fire phoenix coming towards him, Xuan Wuji's aged face appeared solemn, and even a touch of solemnity appeared. How could this Xiao Yan's soul power be so tyrannical?

The soul power of both of them belonged to the later stage of "Hua Yuan", but the gap between the two was as insurmountable as a gulf.

In desperation, he could only completely sacrifice the "artifact" of the Destroyer King Plate in his hand, and then suddenly threw it at the vast starry sky, trying to resist the ravages of the soul fire phoenix.

"Brother Xiao Yan now, just relying on the power of the soul and the power of the holy flame, I am afraid that ordinary two-level reincarnation powerhouses will not be able to obtain any benefits."

Xun'er subtly stepped aside and smiled sweetly as she looked at the two arguing in the arena.

"Boom!"

The boundless soul power slanted down from this "artifact", causing countless strong people's scalps to go numb along the way. Almost at the same moment, the huge and incomparable body of the Destroyer King Pan directly collided with the soul fire phoenix.

The invisible soul power rippled like a wisp of water on the surface of the lake, and every grass and tree in the entire endless fire domain clearly appeared in the minds of Xiao Yan and Xuanji.

"How can it be?"

"There is actually more than one reincarnation in the Endless Fire Territory!"

At this moment, Xuan Wuji's brows were extraordinarily solemn, and he suddenly raised his head to look at the place where the two were attacking.

"Crack!"

After a while, the sound of the soul fire and phoenix was crisp and clear, and it directly burst open the plate of the king of extinction. Suddenly the night of the starry sky returned to calm, but among the slightly faint starry sky, there seemed to be many souls full of spirituality. Power entrenched.

"go!"

As soon as he defeated the fruit, Xuan Wuji was also a decisive person. The soul power in his body rose, and the King of Destruction was sacrificed. The void became slightly twisted, and a surging power of space spread in front of the two of them.

Judging from its appearance, it seems to be preparing to escape from here!

"Since you're here, let's stay."

Xiao Yan chuckled lightly, the soul power and holy flame in the body tilted unreservedly in the starry night, layers of crystal energy lingered in this world, completely imprisoning all the energy here.

Under Xiao Yan's huge handwriting, Xuanji and the two actually felt an inexplicable sense of insignificance. It seemed that under Xiao Yan's two powers, they had no way out.

"Boy, you are fighting against my Xuanyu!"

Xuanji and the two were blocked from retreating, and immediately looked at Xiao Yan with a livid face. Based on his experience, it was not difficult to perceive that Xiao Yan was deliberately delaying time, as if he was waiting for something!

"Several Your Excellencies, show up."

Xiao Yan ignored Xuanji's wailing, and looked at the starry night with an indifferent tone.

"Hehe, the Endless Fire Territory's domain master really lives up to his reputation."

"But... I wonder if the little friend can look at the deity's thin face and temporarily forgive Xuanji's master and apprentice?"

"After all, if the spiritual body suffers any loss, it will still return to the body. Now that the Great Thousand World is in crisis, the Domain Master Xiao shouldn't do such a stupid thing, right?"

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the spiritual power of the soul in the starry night was slowly taking shape, and several powerful people with extraordinary strength stepped on it at the same time.

The exact strength of the three Samsara cannot be predicted, but you don't need to think about it to know that these three are probably more or less related to Xuanji.

"Huoshenmen Gate Master Huotianken."

"Feng Qingyang, the master of Fenglei Hall."

"Tianmo, the leader of the Tianji Alliance."

"It's really a big show."

Feng Wan'er, Hun Tianhao and the others saw through the identities of the three soul bodies at a glance, and couldn't help but say.

These three forces plus Xuanyu, their strength and background can be said to be much more tyrannical than the Endless Fire Territory, because these four forces are well-known forces in the human world.

"Forgiveness?"

"Just relying on your three spiritual bodies... but you're not qualified!"

"My Endless Fire Territory is definitely not a soft persimmon to be slaughtered."

Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but the smile was full of **** madness.

"Boy, how dare you!"

Aware of this substantive murderous aura, Xuan Wuji's teacher and apprentice hurriedly broke out in cold sweats.

The four of them joined forces to try to attack the Endless Fire Territory and take this continent as their own. In order to prevent the intervention of the plane guardians and the center of the human world, they used the soul spirit body to cross the void, trying to kill the top of the Endless Fire Territory. .

However, once the spiritual body formed by the soul power traversing the void, if there is any loss, it is undoubtedly extremely dangerous for them.

"Crack!"

With a bang, Xiao Yan's palm shattered, and the spirit bodies of the two imprisoned Xuan Wuji shattered with a bang. After this, the soul power and the blessing of the glazed holy flame in the later stage of Yuanyuan Realm, unless the main body does this again, it will not be able to cause any prestige to Xiao Yan. .

"Pfft!"

At the same time, in a large hall called Xuanyu in the distant human world, Xuanji and the two were sitting cross-legged with their eyes closed and their bodies trembled abruptly. It became extremely chaotic. Obviously, this method of Xiao Yan has shaken the foundation of their master and apprentice. If there is no great opportunity in the future, it will be difficult to make a breakthrough.

"Manic boy!"

Seeing how Xiao Yan ignored his own words, Tian Mo took a step forward, and the majestic power of space permeated, and there were faint traces of crushing this piece of heaven and earth.

"The Endless Fire Territory can't tolerate you guys being presumptuous..."

"Since you dare to come here, be prepared to pay a price like blood."

Xiao Yan smiled faintly. Behind him, five ancient runes flickered gently, and the flames on them were ancient and mysterious, as if they could burn everything.

"Pfft..."

"Holy Flame?"

"No... This fluctuation is a holy pattern?"

"How can it be?"

At this moment the remaining three strong spirits stared blankly at the five sacred patterns behind Xiao Yan, and an aura of death filled their hearts.

The power of the holy flame is magnified countless times in the reincarnation, and if it can condense the holy pattern, the power is infinite!

"Crack!"

The five holy patterns came out in a row, easily entangling the three strong men, and suddenly the three did not respond and disappeared completely.

Of course, their fate is similar to Xuanji.

"This is the fate of coveting our endless fire domain."

"If you are dissatisfied, the owner of this domain welcomes you at any time!"

Xiao Yan held his head high, his surging Samsara peak strength was undoubtedly on display, and his voice was like an ancient Hong bell, completely resounding throughout the world.

Following Xiao Yan's appearance, some other powerhouses who coveted this continent could only do so, and the starry night was returning to its normal appearance.

"This kid, the growth rate is astonishing..."

In the distance, many Void powerhouses sat quietly and breathed a sigh of relief. Among them were the Great Elders of the Fire Elf clan, the Soul Eater Lord of the Soul Eater Domain, the Demon Emperor of the Demon Realm, and others.

Today's Xiao Yan has completely grown up and is no longer the cowardly man he used to be.

The first generation domain master, Xiao Yan, the endless fire domain, truly deserves his name!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: