Chapter Vol 4 1623: Mysterious lava creatures!

"Weng Om!" Looking around, it turned out to be an endless world of molten lava, and a scorching aura filled the air, and this scorching aura was different from ordinary flames. But it's unprecedented!

"The Great Heavenly Seed Scarlet Flame!" Xiao Yan did not hesitate at all, and displayed the Great Heavenly Seed's defense. The dazzling fire-red flames formed a defensive shield all over his body, and the pressure was reduced a little, and the feeling of burning fighting qi and hunger was reduced a lot. , otherwise, if you go on like this, once your vindictiveness is exhausted, in this violent molten world, you will only have to fall, and immediately pull out your eyes and look towards this extremely mysterious molten world.

Here, it is an endless world of molten lava. The world of lava is extremely noisy, as if there is no end, only the existence of boundless lava and flames. The violent undulating lava with huge bubbles seems to have a shocking effect. The strength of the human heart is average, making Xiao Yan feel that something is wrong here.

"Gulugulu!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, bubbles suddenly emerged from the molten lava below the molten world. It was just that there seemed to be some other power in the bubbles, although it was extremely weak.

"Bang bang bang!" The bubbles seemed to emerge from the bottom of the molten lava, and they suddenly exploded as soon as they emerged, but the power contained in them actually made Xiao Yan feel powerless, even the hidden deep inside his body. The Nine Transformations of the Dragon God gave off a rather strange aura.

Like an old enemy, like an ally, Xiao Yan was quite puzzled.

"What the **** is going on here?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but look vigilant when he noticed such a bizarre scene. The lava and flames here are definitely not simple and should not be taken lightly.

"Boy...why did you break into my forbidden area?" Just as Xiao Yan's search was fruitless, an angry voice suddenly spread from all directions in the molten world.

"What sound?" Xiao Yan was extremely shocked. The dazzling soul power and flames filled him. He tried to find out the source of the sound, but after searching, there was no trace.

"Weng Om!" After the breath, with the falling of the strange sound, the countless lava in the lava world suddenly became turbulent.

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" As the aura of the surging molten lava was soaring, the fiery red celestial seed all over Xiao Yan's body erupted directly, and immediately formed a spectacular sea of ​​flames in this lava world.

"Shabu Shabu!" Fei Yan's sea of ​​fire is very powerful, but in this special space today, once it is used, Xiao Yan feels that the power is not as powerful as before, as if it was suppressed by some force.

"Hmph... With just such a little power, you are trying to break through my third layer of protection..."

"Human... Die!" Sensing that a sea of ​​fiery red flames suddenly appeared in the molten world, the strange sound was spreading from all directions.

"Boom!" The voice fell, and a beam of light that reached the sky suddenly emerged from the bottom of the molten world. The beam of molten lava was cylindrical as a whole, but the strange cyan flame on it made Xiao Yan feel a little bit in his heart. shock.

In this molten world, the flames were basically fiery red, but with the emergence of this cyan light beam, Xiao Yan was aware of something.

"Crash!" The azure beam of light was like entering a realm of no one, and it easily smashed Xiao Yan's sea of ​​red flames, and immediately burst into Xiao Yan with the power of monstrous flames.

This level of flame attack is naturally not worth mentioning to Xiao Yan, but the identity of the mysterious guardian is unknown, and Xiao Yan will not reveal his strength in advance.

"Get out of here!" From the very beginning, when the blue flame beam appeared from the bottom of the molten world, Xiao Yan's soul power spread along with it, and at this moment, the surging soul power was facing the molten world like a tide. The bottom attacked away, Xiao Yan roared.

"Crash!" At that time, following Xiao Yan's actions, somewhere in the molten world, an invisible force fell directly from Xiao Yan's body, and immediately forcibly opened up a pure land in the molten world!

The molten world is like a complete piece of land, but at this time, Xiao Yan used his soul power to open up a flame channel that runs from the top to the bottom!

The flame channel spreads from the top of the molten flame towards the bottom of the molten world. This small space is densely filled with Xiao Yan's soul power, and it is not disturbed by the flame for a short time.

"How to find me..."

"That's unavoidable for you to fall!"

"Fengying Jiutian!" Suddenly, a roar emerged from the bottom of the blank flame passage.

"Xuuu!" The voice just fell, and nine bright blue phoenix shadows screamed in the sky, and immediately flew out from the bottom.

"Phoenix clan?" At this moment, sensing the phantom of the giant flame energy like a phoenix, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan lost his voice.

"Feng Clan?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when he heard the words.

The Dragon and Phoenix clans are probably the peak existences in the entire Great Thousand World. Although the Phoenix clan is slightly weaker than the Dragon clan, its strength is also unfathomable.

"Thunderfire Hell King!" Xiao Yan saw the nine phoenix shadows attacking, and the huge thunderfire guardian directly displayed to protect himself.

"Bang bang bang!" The nine phoenix shadows slammed into Xiao Yan's body one after another, and the thunder and fire power densely covered by the thunder and fire became weak in an instant, as if it would shatter at any time, but fortunately it successfully resisted the attack. .

"What a tyrannical attack... I want to see, just where is this guy sacred!" Putting away the Thunder and Fire Hell King, Xiao Yan stared at the bottom of the flame channel isolated by soul power, and muttered to himself.

There, it is the bottom of this molten world, and it is also the place where the third-layer guardian exists, but why it does not show up, why does it attack him, all kinds of doubts troubled Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's whole body's soul power appeared, and then the figure quickly shot down towards the bottom.

"Come down... this is the purgatory I prepared for you!" The creature below didn't seem to be in a hurry, feeling Xiao Yan's figure approaching rapidly, instead a smile appeared. Heart palpitations...

Its figure obscures the sun in this space, but this space stands at the bottom of the molten world, and it is a special space that is separated from the molten world! The fastest update of Qiqi novelshttps://The fastest update of Qiqi novelshttps://

On the way, Xiao Yan's perception faintly told himself that this kind of fluctuation emerging from the mysterious creature at the bottom of the flame channel, although not as tyrannical as Ling Yuanzi, but it was a real Seven Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse!

Could it be that the guardian of the third floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda possesses the strength of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals?

Then the strength of the last second floor guardian is not strong enough to break through the sky!

But this is the case, even if this is the Longtan Tiger Den, it must be broken.