Chapter 462: The Petrified Eye of Medusa!

"damn it!"

"How holy is this woman!"

"Why do I feel a feeling of trembling in my soul from her, this is something that has never happened before... If she is really the ancestor of the Medusa family that the blue and white snake said, the ten-color swallowing python, then why is it difficult? I..." Some thoughts kept floating in Cailin's mind.

After a few breaths, Cailin simply gave up thinking.

The one standing at his feet is the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!

When some of the geniuses of the snake people cultivate, they will give birth to a companion spirit snake in their bodies. This spirit snake will grow with the strength of the snake people, just like when Cailin used the power of strange fire to break through the colorful swallow. At the time of the sky python, the accompanying colorful swallowing python was normal!

It's just that this spirit snake is as important as a human heart. Once the snake man encounters fatal danger, it will be summoned...

Otherwise, in normal times, this spirit snake is easily shown to people, I am afraid that if someone accidentally kills it, the snake person will also suffer irreparable injuries, and even worse, it will directly fall!

After all, the spirit snake is known as the heart of the snake people.

And at the foot of Cailin at this time, it was the seven-colored sky-swallowing python, but at this time, the seven-colored sky-swallowing python had already evolved into the nine-colored sky-swallowing python along with the evolution of the color scale, and there were many things happening on it. change!

Nine-colored rays of light continued to emerge from his body, and a ferocious aura emanated from his body!

The most obvious change is that this nine-colored swallowing python has already possessed its own intelligence!

The most serious thing is that the strength of this nine-colored sky swallowing python will advance and retreat together with the color scale!

Once the color scales are promoted, then the strength of the nine-colored swallowing python will also be promoted naturally.

And Cailin couldn't explain this wonderful relationship... For this relationship, Cailin could only vaguely feel that it seemed to be related to the bloodline of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python in his body.

"Senior, I came here this time just to find the strongest among the Medusa clan. If I can obtain the power of inheritance, I will help the Medusa clan find a more suitable place for them to live."

"As for the other one, it is rumored that there is a Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python among the Medusa clan, and I would also like to see it."

"However, senior doesn't care about my feelings at all, and it's too unconventional to take action as soon as we meet." Cailin stood on the forehead of Jiucai Swallowing Python, and then angrily said, Queen Medusa. The momentum is undoubtedly on display!

The nine-colored swallowing python under its feet, the snake tail of hundreds of meters swam constantly, and then the pupils stared at the mysterious woman on the ground.

"This woman really has such terrifying strength..." Jiu Cai Tian Tian Python kept thinking in his mind.

In front of this mysterious woman, the suppression of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python was even more serious than that of Cailin!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey, is that what the outside world says..."

"Ten-colored swallowing pythons, you can swallow the sun, moon and stars with your mouth open, and the gods of heaven and earth can be destroyed by opening your eyes..." The mysterious woman murmured, and then calmed down a little, without any emotional fluctuations due to the rumors from the outside world.

Just as Cailin and Jiucai Swallowing Python looked at each other, just as they were about to make a move, the mysterious woman in front of her suddenly moved.

The next moment, the woman's face turned serious, and an extremely cold energy slowly floated out of her body, followed by a very special gray energy!

You must know that the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python is quite fond of the power of Yin and Cold. If you fight in such an environment, I am afraid that the increase in the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python will undoubtedly be the greatest!

"No!"

"Cai Lin, hurry up!" At the beginning, the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python didn't know what happened, but the next moment, the mysterious woman standing on the ground became serious, accompanied by the extremely thick white color on her body. The cold air spread out, and there was a dead gray color in the pupil.

The dead gray energy slowly filled the pupils of the mysterious woman, and then a terrifying energy that annihilated all things slowly appeared.

At the same time, the extremely cold white mist energy around was radiating from the woman!

"Run separately!" Cailin suddenly thought of something subconsciously, and then suddenly faced Xiao Jiudao.

The nine-color swallowing python has not appeared since the color scale evolved, but the nine-color swallowing python and the color scale both come from the same place, both in terms of blood and strength, so the two have the same mind. A dignified look appeared in the monstrous nine-colored snake pupil of the Cai swallowing python, and then without hesitation, he swayed his huge body and suddenly escaped from the mysterious woman's side!

"The Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, it is said that in ancient times, if you cultivated to the peak, it would be comparable to a powerhouse at the peak of Dou Xian... It's a pity that although you are the royal family of my Medusa clan, you have also evolved to have the bloodline of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python. But you don't know the method of cultivation, this nine-colored swallowing python is like a toy in your hand, if the ancestor of this nine-colored swallowing python knows, I am afraid that he will faint directly..." The mysterious woman said slowly and solemnly.

"Quickly withdraw!" Jiucai Tiantian Python seemed to realize something, and suddenly roared at the direction where Cailin was located.

This sound, the momentum is like a rainbow, the deafening snake roar lingers in the mysterious space for a long time!

"It's too late..." The mysterious woman opened her mouth slightly, and the next moment, those gray pupils shrank suddenly, and her eyes stared directly at Cailin.

Being stared at by this mysterious woman's gray pupils, Cailin felt that the power of her soul in the depths of her body was trembling, and she seemed to be directly locked by this mysterious woman!

"What is this... what?" Cai Lin said stiffly. With the lock of the mysterious woman's gray pupils, Cai Lin could feel that not only her soul power was locked and unable to twitch, but even the strength of the battle qi and blood in her body was locked. The force is solidified in general!

"Medusa... Petrified Eye!" Just when Cailin was puzzled, a shocking voice suddenly burst out from the lips of the mysterious woman.

The shocking voice is extremely harsh in this mysterious space!

With the sound of this coercive voice, all the spaces in the mysterious space instantly solidified!

Then two gray energies full of death fluctuations suddenly burst out from the pupils of the mysterious woman!

As for the gathering point of that gray energy, UU reading www. uukanshu.com is where the color scales are!

"How can it be!"

"It's actually the petrified pupil of Medusa!" Seeing this, the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python said quickly, a fear filled his heart!

It's just that as soon as the voice fell, the terrifying rays that burst out from the gray pupils of the mysterious woman came to Cailin in an instant!

"Damn!"

"I can't move..." Cailin forcibly suppressed the strangeness in her body, and then her breath skyrocketed!

Even so, Cailin actually found that the power in her body, whether it was soul power or fighting spirit, couldn't be mobilized at all!

"Are you going to die..." Cai Lin was very calm at this time, but in her mind, a rather young figure appeared.

"Xiaoxiao...I'm sorry..." Cailin said slightly, and then the Queen Medusa, who was on the mainland of Dou Qi, actually shed a drop of her eyes.

"Cai Lin, don't give up!" The nine-colored swallowing python's breath was soaring, and then a beam of nine-color terrifying energy attacked the place where the mysterious woman was!

After doing all this, Jiu Cai swallowing the sky snorted, and then without hesitation, a huge figure swayed in an instant. Above the hundreds of feet of snake body, Jiu Cai’s light was extremely bright, and the next moment, he directly used his huge body. His body slammed into the gray death ray viciously!

Ask for tickets!