Chapter Vol 4 1650: Unblock together!

"Xiao Yan, you are courting death!" Seeing that Xiao Yan was not injured, he was a little embarrassed, and Feng Qingyang's face couldn't help but turn ugly.

Originally, I just wanted to humiliate Irene, but I never imagined that Xiao Yan would be given to a counter-general by this early bird, especially in front of countless powerhouses in Li Soul Realm. Such an ugly appearance naturally made Feng Qing proud No deposit, a trace of resentment towards Xiao Yan is also accumulating continuously.

"Zhao Guang!" Looking at the two in the middle of the air, Irene noticed the anger on Feng Qingyang's cheeks, and immediately said to the figure in front of her, she knew that the two were just testing , If it is a real fight, it is not certain who will kill the deer.

"This matter, let's stop here. Next, let's join hands to lift the seal of the undead fire, and let's talk about the rest." After a short while, Zhao Guang took a step forward, and a powerful breath suddenly filled the void. In the middle, since Xiao Yan was also invited by them to join the Central Territory Alliance, Zhao Guang, as the leader, naturally would not sit idly by. After all, Xiao Yan was no longer representing himself, but the Earth Spirit Academy.

"Is it also in the early stage of Five-Star Dou Xian?" Looking at Zhao Guang's opening, Feng Qingyang's arrogant arrogance gradually disappeared.

"Let's do business." After a while, watching such a silent scene in the field, the other strong men of the three houses spoke at the same time, but the move just now was clearly acquiesced by them.

"It's good luck for you, but in the ruins of the undead fire, I hope you can still have such good luck." Feng Qingyang heard the words, and did not hesitate too much. any move. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"These guys..." Although the countless powerhouses below were dissatisfied, there was no other way for Feng Qingyang to act like this. After all, they had to rely on them to enter the Holy Flame Land.

"Everyone, please step back, our five major courts are ready to open the seal." After a while, in this void, Yu Xiao of the Court of Judgment trembled slightly, and bright fluctuations permeated.

"Boom!" It seemed that Xiao Yan and Feng Qingyang had just fought, causing the Tongtian Light Pillar to produce rather strange fluctuations.

"Just now, thank you very much, you can enter the ruins in a while, and you can follow me." Seeing Xiao Yan just forcibly coming out for herself, Irene said in a low voice, biting her silver teeth lightly.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan did not shirk, but nodded in agreement.

"The Land of Holy Flame is in front of you, let's do it, everyone." After a while, Yu Xiao glanced at Xiao Yan with a complicated expression and said.

I don't know why, the power of Xiao Yan's four-star fighting immortal middle stage is actually enough to represent the Earth Spirit Academy to participate in the battle of holy flames, which surprised Yu Xiao, and this Xiao Yan faintly made Yu Xiao feel a while. fear.

"Do it!" After a while, the strong men of the five courtyards shone with a dazzling luster on their bodies, as dazzling as a bright moon. After a while, the power on the bodies of the five people was slowly creeping and was about to merge.

"The powerhouses of the five courtyards really have extraordinary prestige." The other powerhouses on the ground looked at the five people who were constantly rising in the sky, and muttered in their hearts, with the cooperation of the five of them, that enveloped the entrance to the land of holy flames. , also became clear.

"Susu...Is this the top disciple of the five academies in Lihunyu?"

"The strength of the five-star Dou Xian in the early stage, plus the power of the realm, is probably enough to deal with the general late-stage five-star Dou Xian, but this time, we are obeying the order of the Lord Demon to collect the undead fire, so this time, No matter how many strong people you send, it's just to pave the way for our extraterritorial evil race."

"The Land of Undying Fire will be the place where you arrogant arrogances fell. When Li Hunyu loses your arrogance, the adults will attack again, and it will only be a matter of time before the destruction of Li Hunyu." The gray-clothed man with a gloomy complexion and a rather lethargic aura said with a gurgling smile, but he thought that there were not only one, but dozens of strong men of this level in the crowd, but their auras were hidden. It is quite perfect, and it is not easy to be found in general.

"That's the powerhouse from the other four academies?"

"Why did their four courtyards only send one disciple?"

"Could it be that the number of disciples in their courtyard is so rare?" Xiao Yan muttered slightly as he looked at the five people whose auras were getting brighter and brighter, but Xiao Yan knew that with the cooperation of the five of them, it was only a matter of time before the seal was broken.

"The reason why the other four courtyards only sent one disciple to participate in the Shengyan competition is because of other things in their courtyards."

"The other four courtyards are different from our Earth Spirit Institute, so their resource allocation is based on strength, and there are only a few geniuses stationed in the courtyard, and the other disciples are scattered all day long." Irene seems to be watching Out of Xiao Yan's doubts, he explained.

"So that's it Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded lightly, and immediately looked at the mid-air, because at this time, the power of the five people had already reached their peak, and the pillar of light protecting the entrance of Shengyan was probably already supported. It won't be long.

"Buzz!" At the same time, the two holy flames in Xiao Yan's body emitted a vigilant aura, and the source of the aura came from the huge crowd. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"This fluctuation... is there a powerhouse from outside the territory?" Xiao Yan already had a very thorough understanding of the power of the holy flame, and he could easily identify the aura emanating from the holy flame based on the change. Such an aura of vigilance was impressively Sheng Yan sensed the disgust emanating from the evil race outside the territory, and Sheng Yan sent it out just to tell Xiao Yan.

"It seems that this trip to the Undying Fire doesn't seem to be that simple, but... Lord of the Soul, wait for me." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was quiet for a while, waiting for the entrance to appear.

"Boom boom boom!" In an instant, the dazzling power of the five people suddenly burst out next to the pillar of light, forming five turbulent pillars of fighting qi.

"Break it for me!" With a cold snort, Yu Xiao suddenly shouted, and the energy beam on the five people reached this surging power and suddenly hit the fiery red beam.

"Shabu Shabu!" The bursts of energy shook violently, embellishing the space, and bursts of more violent energy, directly under the attack of everyone, spread out from the fiery red beam of light.

"The seal... finally disappeared." At this moment, countless strong men raised their foreheads with difficulty, and then looked at the center of the explosion.

After the aftermath disappeared, it was replaced by a fiery red light curtain. Inside the light curtain, a strange breath of immortality permeated, and even through this silky light curtain, it was easy to find the inside, and the scenes were shocking. The scenery of people's hearts slowly appeared.