Chapter Vol 4 1904: Demon King's Conspiracy!

The latest website: "Weng Om Om!" Time passed by day by day, and as Xiao Yan and the others searched for many treasures in the demon coffin to enhance their strength, the outside world also had scenes of rather unpleasant things.

"Sir, the atmosphere here is getting weirder and weirder, should we be more careful?"

"It always doesn't feel right, it seems that we have been surrounded by others." At this time, the nine demon generals headed by Xuan Yuan are still camping around the tomb of the demon emperor, guarding the last retreat of everyone, but now with According to the information collected by several scouts, the three major armies of the evil-eyed demon king are slowly rushing towards here. If they don't retreat in time, with their fierce aura and terrifying fighting power, I am afraid that these five hundred monsters will be elites. , and it's just giving away in vain.

"Let's wait and see." Xuan Yuan shook his head. At this time, he also felt helpless, but Xiao Yan's many instructions before leaving, plus this was the only way out of the tomb of the demon emperor, for a while It's also a dilemma.

"Boom!" With a sound, the void at the entrance of the Demon Emperor's tomb suddenly wriggled, and monster beasts with fierce murderous aura emerged from the void. Those domineering auras and awe-inspiring auras were far from ordinary monsters. Beast army can be comparable.

"That is?"

"Evil Eye Demon King and his personal guards?" At this moment, Xuan Yuan lost his voice after seeing the thousands of rabbit-eared beast shadows emerging from the void in front of him.

"King..." At this time, a powerful monster in the evil-eyed demon group couldn't help but face the extremely angry evil-eyed demon king in front of him, trying to calm his anger.

"These guys!!!" At this time, the evil-eyed demon king was in a fit of rage, and he thought that, with his dignified power in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, plus thousands of elites in his own personal guards, he would be killed by the demon king and a group of unknown people. He was expelled from the tomb of the Emperor Playing Emperor, the resentment in his stomach was soaring to the sky, and his expression was extremely ugly.

"what is that?"

"These guys seem to be in the same group as those nameless people." After Shun's breath, even if the concealment was extremely perfect, under the perception of powerhouses such as the evil-eyed demon king, the disguise of Xuan Ape and others did not attack. self-break.

"King, according to the report of the Scaled Demon Legion above, these guys should be the reinforcements sent by the Ten Thousand Demon King under the Heisha Longlang. What should we do with it?" After a while, several evil-eyed monsters also identified the beasts. Asked about the true identity of the demon beast.

"Kill them all."

"I can't believe that this demon king's graveyard can only catch such a small fish. It seems that the other six demon kings and the three powerhouses are now in the final battle, but the results are really disappointing."

"Destroy them all, hang the corpses on our battle flag for me, the other three legions and you, give me guard here, this is the only way to leave the tomb of the demon emperor, once those nameless people appear, Kill it."

"I want to take food from the hands of my evil-eyed demon king. This time, this king will let you die without a burial!" A roar was released, adding countless gloomy meanings to this barren and dark space.

"Space scroll!" At the moment when the evil-eyed demon king roared, Xuan Yuan didn't dare to hesitate at all, and immediately tore apart the space scroll given to him by Yaoshuai Xiao Yan, and all the monsters were wiped away. The power of the soft silver space has temporarily disappeared into the hidden space, and the evil-eyed demon king is helpless, but the space scroll of this level does not last long. Still unavoidable.

"Ahhh!"

"Search for me!"

"This king must smash these guys into tens of thousands of pieces!" Seeing the five hundred monsters in front of him disappear out of thin air, the evil-eyed demon king finally became uncontrollably and completely angry!

This is simply an insult to myself!

On the other side, during Xiao Yan's retreat, Xiao Lei appeared and collected the heart of the demon emperor. He only collected three drops of ten drops of blood essence, and the remaining seven drops were distributed to the monster beasts under him.

One drop was given to Tianhu Demon Commander, so that his strength could truly enter the initial stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, and two drops were given to 500 monsters to improve their strength. There are vaguely a few who have stepped into the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal. As for the remaining four Drop, it is prepared to leave it to many strong people in the outside world.

Time, I don't know how long, at a certain moment, when the tomb crystal coffin exploded instantly and Xiao Yan's figure emerged, there were 500 monsters below, with a strong madness in their eyes. , They stared at Xiao Yan quietly, as if they were just waiting for Xiao Yan's orders, and now Xiao Yan's body is invisible and more powerful than a few days ago!

"Have you finished the search?" Xiao Yan also had deep eyes, glanced at the many elites below, and asked, with a calm aura in his voice, like a real commander of the three armies.

"Well, it's over." At this time, Tianhu Yaoshuai also changed his previous mood, said very solemnly, and slowly came to Xiao Yan's side.

"How is the outside situation?" Xiao Yan nodded slightly to him, and immediately asked.

"The aura of Xuan Yuan and others has disappeared, and they have temporarily lost contact with us. My subordinates guess that they have entered the space scroll to take refuge." Tianhu Yaoshuai's fox eyes were full of extreme fluctuations, and he spoke. He couldn't hide his anger at all.

"In addition, according to the last news from Xuan Yuan, outside the Tianyuan battlefield, the evil-eyed demon king brought his personal guards, and the three major legions behind him, a total of 100,000 elite monsters, stationed at the exit of the demon emperor's tomb. Once we leave here , I'm afraid they will face their most violent attack." After Shun breath, Tianhu Yaoshuai said.

"..." The conversation between Xiao Yan and Tianhu Yaoshuai above the sky was naturally heard by many monsters without a word, so bloodthirsty and violent breaths permeated their eyes.

"The space scroll won't last long... After all, we and the evil eye demon king have a **** battle of life and death."

"Let's go, since this is the military order I made myself, I won't drag you to accompany me to death." Xiao Yan's eyes contained a rare calm and relief, and he immediately put his hands on his back and turned his back to Tianhu. The handsome demon and many demon beasts said softly.

"Master Yaoshuai!"

"grown ups!"

"Our Ten Thousand Demon Nation Demon Army has never been greedy for life and fear of death!"

"Either go back together, or fall here together."

"We...don't be cowards!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, the mighty voice below rose to the sky!

Xiao Yan gave them so many treasures and at this moment of life and death, he was also able to give up his own life, so many kinds, such a commander, was enough to convince these unruly monsters.

"In that case, let's fight."

"I will bestow my soul power and flames on you, greatly increasing your combat effectiveness."

"A thousand monsters can't win against a hundred thousand elites... But this time, the glory of the monster world will be written by us!"

"Set off!"

"Kill the evil-eyed demon king!" Xiao Yan's eyes were scarlet, and a arrogant arrogance that looked at death as if at home filled the air, shaking the hearts of every monster below!

"Invincible and invincible!"

"Sir Xiao Yan, Yaoshuai, must win!" As soon as he finished speaking, five hundred monsters accompanied Xiao Yan's rule and slowly walked away from the outside world. For a time, the real highlight began slowly.