Chapter Vol 4 1378: The place of rest, Emperor Leihong!

Genius to remember the address of this site in one second: []https://The fastest update! No ads!

"The resting place of the Eastern Continent's strong men?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard this, and couldn't help but say.

This East Continent is an extremely fertile land under the Li Soul Territory. After all, most of the powerhouses on this plane are at the level of one-star fighting immortals to five-star fighting immortals. From the perspective of the quantity and quality of powerhouses, they are better than I don't know how advanced Xiao Yan's Xuan Santian plane was.

"Yinhuntian was one of the battlefields of the ghost world and foreign evil races in ancient times. At that time, Yinhuntian hadn't been divided and unified."

"Until later, a strong man named Lei Hong was born. With his unrivaled thunder power and the strength of five-star fighting immortals at that time, he forcibly obliterated many foreign evil races, even with other The three powerful men of comparable strength have completely transformed Yinhuntian into four continents." Du Qifei's beautiful eyes kept glancing at the tombstones in the hills, because of her special status as a reincarnator of the Thunder Lord, Therefore, he is particularly sensitive to the power of Thunder, and he can detect some things that Xiao Yan does not know.

"Emperor Lei Hong?"

"Five Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan couldn't help taking a deep breath when he heard the words. Obviously, this level of power, not to mention in the ghost world, I am afraid that in any corner of the world, it is a strong existence, and Listening to Du Qifei's words, it seems that there are three other powerhouses of the same level as Emperor Lei Hong in this ghost day.

"According to the memory of the Thunder Lord, this Emperor Lei Hong's control and attainments of the power of thunder is extremely profound. Although it is not as good as the Thunder Lord, he is also an extremely tyrannical existence in the world."

"And this person... seems to be my father's teacher?" The next moment, the reincarnation pattern on Duan Qifei's eyebrows kept wriggling, and traces of memories continued to emerge like a tide, but this last piece of information was what made Duan Qi Fei was extremely puzzled.

According to Du Qifei's cognition, his father had come out of the Thunder Valley to have a tyrannical supernatural power. What does this have to do with Emperor Lei Hong?

And if it doesn't matter, the memory fluctuations generated by the reincarnation fluctuations are absolutely impossible to deceive yourself. What is going on?

"Can you find his location?" Xiao Yan was surprised, but still opened his mouth.

In the current Lei Tomb, the Youhuan clan has made a smoky atmosphere, and can only enter but cannot leave, and it seems that the high-level executives of the forging knife Thunder Valley do not know, in addition to Youhuan and Youzun Huanzun, the three four-star Fighting Immortal Tigers are coveting, If you don't find a solution to the cemetery of Emperor Lei Hong, I am afraid that these people will be completely buried here.

After all, the three alien clans with the strength of the four-star fighting immortals, although Xiao Yan could barely stop one with all his powers, for them, the other two powerhouses could easily obliterate them.

"It should be possible." Du Qifei's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and they flashed spiritually.

"Thunder……"

"Lead me with my spirit!" The next moment, an ancient and deep mysterious incantation slowly emerged from Du Qifei's mouth.

"Weng Om!" Following Du Qifei's move, a trace of silver thunder slowly emerged from the tombstone on the entire hill cemetery, and then in front of the two, it paved the way to become a silver thunder road. The end of it leads directly to the top of the hill, where the void and tombstones have become strangely illusory, and a trace of coercion from the heavens and the earth slowly permeates.

"not good!"

"My lord, someone noticed Emperor Leihong's cemetery and is opening the tomb!" The next moment, Youzun outside the tomb spoke first, and his voice was full of fear. Although they couldn't enter the cemetery, but They can be stopped by some means.

Although the power of Emperor Lei Hong and Du Tianhong are both five-star fighting immortals, there is no doubt that the power of Emperor Lei Hong is much stronger than Du Tianhong.

"No, they must be stopped!" You Huan heard the words, and two strange rays of light flashed in the blue pupils and the emerald pupils. The rays of light were extremely evil, as if they could easily destroy everything.

"The power of the master is really terrifying..." Aware of such dazzling power in You Huan, You Zun and Huan Zun couldn't help shaking their heads and said.

Youhuan has the powers of both Youzun and Huanzun, and the two of them just inherit a kind of power from Youhuan. This Youhuan has two extremely evil powers, Youhuan and emerald green.

"Let's go, the tomb should be on the hill. As long as we enter it, we will naturally be able to find the way to break the game." After doing all this, looking at the Thunder Avenue that appeared in the hill tomb, Du Qifei smiled sweetly. , Obviously, somewhere, she seems to feel that there are many things she wants to know in the cemetery of Emperor Lei Hong.

"etc!"

"The next moment!" A faint blue energy beam suddenly appeared in this cemetery, and then Xiao Yan ignored Du Qifei's feelings and directly grabbed her jade hand, and the figure flew and moved.

The dark blue energy beam that had just appeared, like a flood of beasts, erupted with a monstrous evil aura, swept away frantically at the two figures of Xiao Yan, there is no doubt that being hit by such a tyrannical attack, I am afraid that with the strength of the two, It will also be seriously injured in an instant.

"Crash!"

"What!" Duan Qi also reacted in the next moment, the bright thunder at the center of his eyebrows kept squirming The current predicament seems to be the only way.

"Leave it to me." Seeing Duan Qifei preparing to urge Samsara, Xiao Yan immediately stopped it.

"But this power is too strong..." Duan Qifei said dumbly, no matter what kind of relationship she had with Xiao Yan, she didn't want Xiao Yan to fall.

"This little bit of strength... still can't trouble me."

"Let me protect you now."

"Maybe I will still need to rely on your strength to protect this great world in the future." Xiao Yan's deep voice sounded slowly, and then his body instantly became hot, and circles of khaki flames filled the air.

"The power of holy flame?"

"How is that possible?" The strange figure hidden under the black robe also showed a hint of surprise after the phantom, who was constantly urging power into the tomb, felt the dazzling flame on Xiao Yan's body.

"Weng Om Om!" The khaki flames wrapped Xiao Yan's fist, and then without any fancy punches, he directly hit the dark blue light beam, trying to destroy it.

"Although the power of Holy Flame is tyrannical, it's a pity that your strength is too weak..."

"Forget it, today is the day to suppress Sheng Yan and Emperor Lei Hong." As soon as the voice fell, Youhuan immediately ignored the power of thunder that came from the cemetery, and directly used great means to try to completely destroy Xiao Yan. obliterate.

"Wong Buzz!"

"It's really a familiar wave..."

"A mere king of an evil race from outside the region also wants to obliterate my people from the world?"

"Idiot talking about a dream!" At the next moment, on the tomb of the hill, countless thunder powers emerged from the tombstone, and then formed a vague figure on the top of the hill.

The voice of the blurred figure is extremely deep and ancient, but it is shocking, but there is a trace of fierce thunder power around him, and he looks at Xiao Yan and Du Qifei with kindness on his face.