Chapter Vol 4 1068: 8 alliances, the Demon Extinguishing Alliance!

After King Xuanling captured Mu Yingying and Cailin, he did not stop there, and rushed back to the Xuanling Royal Family without stopping. After King Xuanling returned, almost all the members of the Xuanling Royal Family moved nervously towards Xuanling. The royal family was mobilized around, and the vigilance in Xuanling City was getting stricter and stricter.

On the other side, Xiao Yan was still in the Medusa clan's territory, refining Xu Shengdan, but with the actions of Ergu, the other super sects in Xuantian San became extremely nervous.

Incense Pavilion headquarters.

Today's Burning Incense Pavilion is different from the past. The disciples hardly see anyone, and even the air is full of tension and oppression.

After all, after the end of the sect competition, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingyingxian retreated from the sect, causing many disciples to lose their breath.

At this time, the big figures who were enough to shake Xuan Santian slowly walked towards the meeting room of the Fenxiang Pavilion's headquarters.

"The people from the Ancient Desolate Palace and Wanjianmen are here." At this time, the high-level protection of the Fenxiang Pavilion, above the Burning Heaven Domain, Zhu Jin, Bai Ya and a bunch of the top of the Fenxiang Pavilion are gathering here, as if waiting for something , in the Burning Heaven Territory, the strong men with a tyrannical aura also arrived as promised.

"Bamboo embers..."

"Why don't you see Fentian?" The space surged, and two strong men appeared immediately. Among the two strong men, one with a sword on his back and a jug hanging from his waist looked at the two of them, and glanced at Zhu Jin. Feel free to ask.

"Hey-hey."

"The pavilion master has gone out and hasn't returned yet, so I will act as the pavilion owner for the time being."

"Wanjianmen Wine Sword Immortal and Ancient Desolate Hall's Hall Master Huang Li, the two of you please."

"It's only two people away." Zhu Jin smiled.

"Is that so..."

"Then let's go."

"If the truth is as the disciples said, that the Xuanling royal family colluded with foreign evil races, then this time, the Xuanling royal family will probably be wiped out from our Xuantian three days." Jiujianxian heard the words, took off the wine jug slightly, After taking a few sips, he walked side by side with the Palace Master of the Ancient Desolate Palace and walked directly to the Fenxiang Pavilion conference room.

Seeing this, Zhu Jin and the others followed suit, but at this time, the meeting room had already exploded.

"What kind of pedigree is this Xuanling royal family, and they dare to blatantly collude with the evil tribes outside the territory. Did they forget the appearance of our Daqian world when it was eroded by the evil tribes outside the territory!" Many resentful men stood up and said angrily, but this man had a small puppet hanging on his body. Looking closely, it was the same as ordinary human beings, extremely realistic.

"Ha ha."

"Puppet Palace Master, don't be impatient, let's wait until everyone is here." Seeing that the puppet Palace Master was so angry, the two women sitting next to the first one spoke at the same time.

"The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion... the sect master of the Poison Sect." And the palace master of the puppet mansion also sat down slightly after seeing the two women's voices. Obviously, he knew that the strength of the two strong men in front of him was not his own. cope.

And I don't know why, since Fentian left the customs, it seems that the situation between the three forces of Wanhua Pavilion, Fenxiang Pavilion and Poison Sect has been greatly improved.

"Here." After the Palace Master of the Puppet Palace sat down, four figures with a tyrannical aura slowly came to the conference room.

"Everyone... have you all arrived?" Zhu Jin couldn't help saying as he watched the powerhouses from several sects gather below.

"Old Zhu, the matter of the Xuanling royal family is imminent now. Even if we send a signal to invite the major super sects of Xuan Santian to come to discuss, only these sects will come..."

"The other sects refused one by one." Mu Xuzi stepped forward and said.

"Puppet Mansion, Ancient Desolate Hall, Wanjianmen, Pill Valley, Purgatory Hall, Wanhua Pavilion, Poison Sect."

"Seven sects." And Zhu Jin also glanced at the seven people below and spoke directly.

"Humph."

"What the Xuanling Royal Family has done is obvious to all their disciples. Since other sects don't want to stand up, I am afraid it is for their own selfishness. After all, when the Xuanling Royal Family does it, even if it is true, its heritage and strength should not be underestimated. ."

"If they fight completely, I'm afraid it will cause terrifying casualties to their disciples." As Zhu Jin's voice just fell, a man dressed in expensive clothes looked at Wei Wei, and his voice was full of Xuanling royal family. Much dissatisfaction.

This old man is now the leader of Pill Valley, Ye Qingtian!

Regardless of his strength, he is in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, but he has another staggering identity.

A fourth-grade alchemist of the Immortal Rank!

Therefore, even if it is a powerhouse with a perfect one-star Dou Xian, one must give three points to him.

"Dan Gui Ye Qingtian, what do you think?" Seeing the old man speak, Jiujianxian on the side narrowed his eyes slightly and asked. Obviously, if the Pill Ghost supports this war, I am afraid this matter will be possible. After all In the entire Xuantian three days, in terms of financial resources, I am afraid that no sect or individual dares to compare with the wealthy Pill Valley.

"According to my idea, unite the power of our eight sects and jointly kill the Xuanling royal family."

"Among them, all the medicinal pills needed for the battle, I have come out of the pill valley!" The old man known as the Pill Ghost Ye Qingtian said rather domineeringly.

As soon as these words came out, the entire conference room went silent, and everyone was surprised.

Not to mention, the elixir needed in the battle is probably an astronomical figure, not to mention that the elixir needed for fighting at the level of Dou Xian is even more precious.

"Since Dan Gui made the matter plain, then I'll open the skylight and speak up."

"This time, everyone is invited to come here, in fact, it is for this matter."

"In the case of the sect competition, in the blood river, I believe that countless sect disciples have discovered the aura of the extraterritorial evil race among the disciples of the Xuanling royal family."

"It's fine if there are one or two There are so many, I'm afraid it has nothing to do with the Xuanling royal family."

"As for the greed and evil of the evil races outside the realm, I believe you all already know it." Zhu Jin said slightly.

The reason why Zhu Jin invited the experts from these seven sects was because in the previous battle between heaven and earth, the ancestors of these seven sects had deep grievances with foreign evil races.

"Although you can rest assured, King Xuanling and other powerhouses, our pavilion master will naturally deal with it." Seemingly seeing the doubts of several powerhouses here, Zhu Jin said in the middle.

"The strength of the disciples of the Xuanling royal family can skyrocket under the power of the evil clan outside the realm, and I am afraid that the senior members of the Xuanling royal family are also..." Although Zhu Jin said so, the people in the Purgatory Hall were still puzzled.

"The pavilion master has made a breakthrough, so you can rest assured."

"Moreover, the grievances between our Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family are not one day or two days." Zhu Jin Zaidu said.

"In this case... we will naturally go all out." As Zhu Jin revealed the great relationship among them, and gave everyone a reassurance, and with the strong support of Wanjianmen and Dangu, several other cases The strong people also nodded.

"Since that's the case, let's go back to rectify the sect."

"Five days later, lead the elites of the sect to form the Demon Extinguishing Alliance Army, and discuss the Xuanling Royal Family together." Everyone present said in unison.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм