Chapter 27: Immortal-level low-level fighting skills! 7 Breaking the Sky Ruler!

"A low-level immortal fighting skill?" Xiao Yan's exclamation echoed in the stone room.

Don't look at the difference between the Heaven Rank and the Immortal Rank, but the real fighting skills are far from each other!

Heaven rank is to mobilize the power of heaven and earth to use for oneself, while immortal rank is beyond the power of heaven and earth. In other words, immortal rank fighting skills will use the power of heaven and earth to stagnate and cannot be used by others! Emperor Dou is the greatest symbol of mobilizing the power of heaven and earth. If he can't, it will be like breaking his arm and breaking his hand.

"good!"

"This is a set of fighting skills that uses a ruler as an attack, just right to deal with the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in your hand." The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan in front of him and said.

"Summon your Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler first. If you want to practice this fighting skill, you must first temper the ruler." The Golden Dragon King hurriedly said when Xiao Yan was about to open the scroll.

"Boom!"

When Xiao Yan just touched the scroll of Dao, when a roaring explosion sounded in the depths of Xiao Yan's mind, his soul also vibrated violently at this moment, and then his vision gradually became blurred, and when he came back to his senses , but found that he was in a strange space.

Taking a closer look, this space is not wide, it is empty without the slightest bit of anger, Xiao Yan's eyes swept slightly, and then suddenly stopped somewhere in the void space, where a figure stood with his hands behind his back, this The figure is extremely ordinary, Xiao Yan could hardly notice the slightest breath and signs of fighting qi emanating from his body, and his appearance was like the most ordinary ordinary person.

However, this visual sense made Xiao Yan's heart even more solemn. How could he be an ordinary person who could appear in such a strange place? He is the true master of the Seventh Layer Breaking Heaven Ruler!

"This should be a memory space hidden in the fighting skills. This figure is not a real powerhouse, but a memory fragment from his lifetime..."

Looking at the figure, Xiao Yan was thoughtful. With his current experience, he would not be surprised. After a little pondering, he found out the details of this figure.

And just as Xiao Yan expected, this figure did not look at Xiao Yan's side, and shortly after the former entered this space, there was a sound as plain as water, which slowly sounded in the space.

"The seven-layered sky-shattering ruler, the low-level fighting skills of the immortal rank, was created by the combination of the power of my life and the fighting skills of hundreds of schools. Straight coin holy rank fighting skills..."

"The feet are divided into seven levels, and each level is extremely powerful. The seven feet are stacked together, and the power is straight to the holy rank fighting skills!"

Xiao Yan's eyes became brighter and brighter when he heard the plain voice that was like a self-narrative language.

"The superposition of the seven-folded ruler can actually be compared to a holy-level fighting skill!!" Xiao Yan was deeply shocked. The person who created this fighting skill is indeed a real powerhouse!

"The original sky-level fighting skills have been refined and supersacred. If you can obtain the secrets hidden in this seat, you can be regarded as a person who is destined. Since you can get the fire ruler, then the fire ruler should have been tempered by the fire spirit saliva. Remember, The seventh-layered sky-breaking ruler must use the tempered ancient ruler of different fire. Only then can it be successfully cast, otherwise, it will be backlashed!"

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was stunned for a moment, and then he became thoughtful. It turned out that the strange thing that was surrounding the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand just now was the so-called ancient ruler of Eternal Fire that was tempered and changed by the so-called Huo Lingxiao.

"As expected of an immortal-level fighting skill, such a process is still needed to obtain a complete inheritance of fighting skills."

Above the lake, the Golden Dragon King calmly and slowly raised the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand.

On the ruler surface, those special patterns that once made Xiao Yan feel strange, at this moment, radiated a fiery red light.

Holding tightly the black ruler that became as red as the setting sun, the mysterious man let out a low drink, and his body suddenly moved.

The sole of the foot slowly stepped in the void, and an afterimage appeared shockingly under the illumination of the setting sun.

Looking at the afterimage in the void in shock, Xiao Yan was speechless for a while. He did not expect that the mysterious man's speed would be so terrifying.

The afterimage gradually dissipated, but the figure of the mysterious man appeared like a teleportation under the huge waterfall that was more than ten feet wide. Compared with the huge hanging waterfall, the mysterious man's small body, Just like the ants on the picture scroll, it is extremely unobtrusive, but this small ant-like figure, at this moment, has a power that is even more terrifying than this waterfall.

The huge wind pressure caused by the falling waterfall was unable to make the seemingly weak old body move at all.

The body that was rushing forward suddenly stopped, the toes kicked in the void, and the body rotated 180 degrees in mid-air. The black ruler in the mysterious man's hand became more and more radiant, and at the end, the strong ray of light made Xiao Xiao. Yan had to narrow his eyes.

"Immortal Rank Fighting Skill: Seventh Layer Breaking the Sky Ruler!"

A thunderous thunder suddenly exploded, followed by a turbulent heat wave that almost spread into the entire space.

"Boom!" On the surface of the wide space, suddenly, countless water columns rose into the sky, which was extremely spectacular.

Between the water columns in the sky, a huge red awn suddenly flashed. Wherever the red awn passed, the water column disappeared, replaced by a pervasive mist of water.

"Bang!" The red awn was like a shock, swept across the lake like lightning, swayed a wave of water ten meters high, and then slammed heavily on the rushing waterfall.

"Boom, boom, boom!"

The huge explosion of thunder continued to reverberate in the valley, and countless rubble fell from the rock wall one after another. UU reading www. uukanshu.com

Covering his ears with his hands, Xiao Yan stared at the momentum of the attack with his mouth wide open. After a while, he swallowed hard and turned his eyes to the waterfall suddenly. cover up.

A gust of wind blew out from the lake, the water vapor in the valley quickly dissipated, and the huge waterfall behind the mist finally slowly revealed its true face.

Looking at the appearing waterfall with wide eyes, Xiao Yan was sluggish for a moment, then slowly closed his eyes and took a deep breath, a dizziness surged in his head.

The waterfall at this time, the huge water flow, has been cut off, and on the huge rock behind the waterfall, a ravine more than ten feet long and three or four feet wide flashed dazzlingly.

At the edge of the gully, countless tiny cracks spread across the entire stone wall, looking like a creeping tiger.

The waterfall water flow above the cliff continued to flow down slowly after stagnant for more than 20 seconds, and the huge scar on the rock was gradually hidden.

Looking at the black circle of light rapidly spreading out from his pupils, Xiao Yan also took a deep breath, but there was no sign of panic, and he was facing the figure in the dark circle from a distance. , bowed and bowed.

"This is the simple rule of thumb. For those who are destined, remember the name of this seat, Seven-footed Immortal!"

The faint voice, like the thunder of a stinger, suddenly resounded in Xiao Yan's mind, and that figure. In that dark circle of light, it became more and more faint, and finally it completely turned into annihilation.

The last image of a generation of powerhouses left in this world is just like this dissipated away.

Xiao Yan nodded silently, allowing the jet-black light to impact, tearing his body apart...