Chapter Vol 4 2073: Medicine Valley, 10 Gathering Platforms!

The latest website: The time of a stick of incense slowly passes like a white horse passing through a gap.

"There is still about a few minutes left, and the medicine tower will be completely closed, and the alchemist who has not selected the prescription will be assigned a prescription immediately. Come out." A stick of incense has burned to the end. During this period, thousands of people, except for a very few strong people, almost 90% of the strong people have successfully obtained a prescription that matches their rank, and everything is just waiting for the incense stick to disperse. Finally, the third round is officially opened!

Although some alchemists have only obtained the sixth-grade immortal or even the seventh-grade Xuan-grade prescription, as long as they are steady and steady, refining the pills successfully, and the power of the pills they draw is strong enough, they still have the qualifications to win. On the contrary, those who choose The sons of the ancient races who are the 7th-grade pinnacle-level prescriptions of the immortal rank have a lot of challenges. After all, a medicinal pill of that level can easily be ruined and killed if one loses his mind.

"This guy, why hasn't he come out yet?" Ling Zixi stood quietly beside Xun'er. The two daughters now have a good friendship, and after some understanding, Xun'er also knew that the Ling family once had a relationship with the Xiao family. The relationship is quite close, so Ling Zixi's actions are also a trace of repayment. After all, his teacher and even the entire Spirit Clan have received great favors from the Xiao Clan.

"Boom!" Just as countless experts were waiting anxiously, the entire medicine tower shook uncontrollably!

The ground shook, and countless soul powers were suddenly vented from the medicine tower, like an unstoppable volcanic lava that was about to erupt!

"What's going on?" Looking at this scene, Yao Xuanyi's eyes suddenly jumped, and a bad premonition emerged immediately.

"Weng hum!" Suddenly, a burst of invisible soul storms, like energy ripples, suddenly burst out from the inside of the medicine tower. The fluctuation of soul power instantly changed the expressions of countless people. This level of soul power seems to be in harmony with medicine. Patriarch Yao Wan is generally tyrannical, right?

"Soul Seal!" Seeing this, Yao Wan waved his hand to the restless high-level executives behind him. Immediately, he waved another big hand, and a more surging soul force emerged, easily destroying that soul storm. The always arrogant Patriarch of the Medicine Clan now had a look of indescribable surprise in his eyes. Facing Xiao Yan, this mysterious fellow, he was so arrogant that he looked away several times in a row, and couldn't help but smile for a while. .

If this guy can really refine a quasi-sacred pill, I am afraid that in the future, the holy level will not be the end of his refining journey!

Unlimited future potential!

"Aren't you late?" Just as the soul storm was destroyed, Xiao Yan's figure exited directly from the medicine tower. He looked at the silent leaders of many forces around him and asked quietly.

This way of welcoming seems a little too special...

"He...really got that volume of the only quasi-sacred prescription?" And when Xiao Yan's figure poured into everyone's attention, some of the participating alchemists couldn't help but whisper.

Xiao Yan stood proudly, and a silver scroll appeared on the palm of his hand, which revealed the ancient atmosphere of endless vicissitudes. Pressing, it is enough to grind them into powder!

"Humph……"

"Some people don't want to be higher than the sky, but they end up supporting themselves to death!" The old monster Shen Xi said with a gloomy face, obviously quite impatient with Xiao Yan's appearance.

"Haha, little baby, rashly showing off, but it will ruin your life." Ancestor Yanyun nodded at old monster Shen Xi, and they both sneered at the same time.

"Thanks to the two seniors for their advice... But this is a grand ceremony for pharmacists, not some cats and dogs of pharmacists. It's better to shut up."

"If you want to say this to me, you should show enough strength, otherwise it's just a joke." Xiao Yan turned around smartly, his eyes fixed on Yao Xuanyi at the same time, his arrogant voice was hard to hide.

"Boy, do you know who you're talking to!"

"Do you believe me..." Hearing Xiao Yan's arrogant words, Yan Yun ancestor and Shen Xi got up at the same time. Staring at Xiao Yan, it seemed that the next thought, Xiao Yan would be killed by the two of them.

"What the two of you are doing is not what your elders did... If you want to play, Xun'er can accompany you." Seeing this, Xun'er smiled sweetly, the golden flames behind him showed endless splendor, like a divine universe emerging behind him , for a while, the power of the two old guys was actually suppressed.

"Okay everyone, now is the big day of my medicine clan's grand ceremony, so let's put the fire away."

"Xuanyi, since all the contestants have successfully obtained the prescription, let's start the final ceremony."

"Every time a grand ceremony, this third round is the most exciting and the most eye-catching." Just when the three were evenly matched, Yao Wanwan smiled slowly, and the soft laughter instantly made the horror brought by the three. The coercion is completely eliminated.

With Yao Wan's opening, the three of them suddenly calmed down, but everyone with discernment knows that these guys will inevitably have a battle soon.

"The last item of the Medicine Clan Festival is also the real highlight of the festival."

"As we all know, we have done so much just to prepare for the last level. After all, the most basic thing for a pharmacist is to refine medicine pills."

"In the last round, you will be sent to the Medicine Valley together. You have one month to collect the medicinal materials according to the prescriptions you have obtained in your hands. Those who have not collected all the medicinal materials in one month will fail. After collecting the medicinal materials, you can start refining pills. Medicine, but remember, once others start refining medicine pills, they cannot take the initiative to attack others, otherwise they will be forced out of the game, and there is no time limit for refining medicine pills."

"The final champion wins with the highest quality refining pill."

"However, in order to implement the rules of our Medicine Clan, the champion who finally wins must accept the challenges of many experts in this assessment."

"If the challenger beats the champion, the champion is displaced."

"And in the end, Fang is the No. 1 pharmacist in the mainland for nearly a hundred years!" Yao Xuanyi said calmly, but at the end, his voice became hot.

"Is there anything else you don't understand?" After a while, seeing the nodding of the surrounding powerhouses, Yao Xuanyi immediately asked.

"Got it Let's get started." One after another fiery voices continued to emerge, and the entire altar mountain suddenly became surging!

The opportunity to compete for the number one pharmacist in Doudi Continent is near, even if there is a monster like Xiao Yan, they must fight for it.

"Now that you're ready, let's get started!"

"Medicine Valley is a forbidden place in our medicine family. Unless this kind of grand ceremony, it will not start to the outside world."

"There are ten Juling Peaks in the Medicine Valley, I wish you good luck!"

"The third round of the Medicine Clan Festival, the ratio of alchemy, start!" Yao Xuanyi finished speaking, the whole body was flickering with an incomparably holy aura, and suddenly a golden scroll emerged from the palm of the hand, and suddenly threw it towards the sky. The rich and fragrant antique green fragrant light door emerges slightly.

Through the gate of light, it is the Valley of Medicine, which is also the last link in this medicine clan festival. Of course, it is also the most exciting link. After all, in the Valley of Medicine, whether it is killing the fallen or the fortune of chance, I am afraid that you need yourself. went for it.