Chapter Vol 4 1316: win!

"What is this Xiao Yan doing?"

"Feng Yu's attack has actually killed a two-star Douxian perfection level powerhouse..." Many powerhouses outside the field watched the extremely exciting battle in the competitive mountain range, and Spider Li couldn't help but speak.

"Tsk tsk, this Xiao Yan is really not easy. Suddenly, Feng Yu, who can force Feng Yu to use the bottom of the box." Mu Ge shook his head and said, the power of Feng Yu's use of the power of blood to cast the Space Shuttle, even if it was him. He could only temporarily avoid his edge, not to mention that Xiao Yan, whose strength was only in the early stage of 2-star Dou Xian, obviously already had a stake in the outcome of the match.

"Do you need to make a move..."

"Xiao Yan, this guy's identity background is not weak, he can't have an accident in our East Continent..." Duan Tianfeng was also watching such a tyrannical attack from the two in the field, and immediately fell into contemplation.

But just as Duan Tianfeng was contemplating, the attack inside the competitive mountain range was getting hotter.

"Xiao Yan, give up your resistance."

"If you admit defeat, you can still have a decent place to stay." Feng Yu said forcefully and breathlessly after his face turned pale after his strongest blow.

Xiao Yan did not pay attention to Feng Yu, because he knew that Feng Yu also had absolute pride, so he would naturally wait for Xiao Yan to attack and condense.

In the sky, at this moment, there is an extremely tyrannical power of space.

However, as Xiao Yan completely activated his Dou Qigong technique and the ancient ruler of different fire, the energy of heaven and earth in the entire competitive mountain range became violent, and then the violent energy became more and more violent, and finally under the guidance of Xiao Yan, a trace of energy became The thick, pale red energy suddenly emerged from the void of the competitive mountain range, and finally wrapped around the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in Xiao Yan's hand.

This light red energy had just wrapped around the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler, and all of a sudden, gusts of wind emerged in the entire space, and these gusts could easily destroy the rocks and trees in the competitive mountain range at will.

Until now, the faces of the strong people outside the arena have slowly become solemn.

"This guy, I'm afraid he is using a holy rank fighting skill." Spider Li spoke slightly, and there was a hint of concern in his voice. Although Feng Yu's attack was also a holy rank, compared with Xiao Yan, there was still a gap. The fundamental reason was that Xiao Yan's fighting skills actually made the entire space become violent, and even absorbed the power in the entire space.

"Shabu Shabu!" Feng Yu's originally indomitable gaze finally became serious under Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack. Anyone could see that Xiao Yan's attack was definitely not simple.

"It's still a little bit." Xiao Yan forcibly endured the severe pain emanating from his body, then stared at the unusually thick pale red energy above the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and spit out a word.

"What a Xiao Yan!"

"It didn't disappoint me!"

"Let's end our last blow!" After a while, a hearty laugh appeared on Feng Yu's face, with an unrivaled domineering aura that filled the entire space, bringing the atmosphere of the space to the extreme .

"The top six, I'm going to make a decision!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then gently raised the ancient ruler of Yi Huo Heng, and a mysterious power suddenly filled out.

"Come on!" Feng Yu smiled, his palm suddenly pinched where Xiao Yan was, and the silver space shuttle beside him burst out with an incomparable aura, and the space shuttle passed by. , the space becomes distorted in an instant.

The next moment, a substantive dazzling red energy suddenly gathered from all directions of the competitive mountain range in Xiao Yan's loud shout, and the dazzling fiery red Dou Qi in Xiao Yan's body also converged in an instant. , Immediately, the flame energy in the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler became extremely turbulent, and even the space around him collapsed at a speed visible to the naked eye. In the next moment, the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler in his hand was heavily tossed out!

The silver space shuttle and Xiao Yan's red energy beams just poured out, and suddenly, in the entire space, an earth-shattering bang sounded.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the two made contact, Xiao Yan's red energy beam instantly fell into the downwind, and slowly lost to the silver space shuttle.

"The space shuttle has been nourished by my blood and essence, and it is quite easy for the space element to deal with the fire element."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This time, it's you who lost!" Feng Yu looked at the attack on the field, her eyes turned red immediately, and the power of silver space continued to gather towards it, faintly breaking Xiao Yan's power signs.

"Huhu."

"It's really a tyrannical force...but it's almost there."

"Move the sky ruler, break it for me!" Xiao Yan looked at the increasingly intense space shuttle, and immediately smiled lightly at the corner of his mouth. Then, where the two were fighting, Xiao Yan's fiery red energy suddenly turned into powder. , and then condensed, a touch of mysterious runes, which was quite mysterious, formed a circular light curtain. The circular light curtain did not hesitate, and directly swallowed the entire space shuttle.

"This?" Aware of this scene, Feng Yu spurted out a mouthful of blood, and his space shuttle was actually swallowed by Xiao Yan?

"Let's give you a taste of this great gift." Seeing Feng Yu's questioning face, Xiao Yan suddenly laughed grimly, and the fighting spirit in his body was like a tidal wave, staring into the space shuttle.

"Crash!" After a while, the silver space shuttle split open from a certain void, and then slowly appeared.

It's just that the power in the space shuttle at this time is not only the power of the dazzling space, but also the fighting spirit of the fire attribute was added by Xiao Yan. impossible to deal with.

"Impossible!" Feng Yu saw that his attack was actually swallowed by Xiao Yan and turned into a more powerful attack, roaring towards him, his figure burst out.

At this time, he has no excess fighting spirit, so if he rashly confronts this attack, he will undoubtedly lose.

"Admit defeat, otherwise this attack is enough to kill you." Xiao Yan said slowly while standing in the sky.

"I... lost." Feng Yu also looked at Xiao Yan with a hint of helplessness in his heart, because he could also sense that the current Xiao Yan was already at the end of the force. If he could persist any longer, Xiao Yan would definitely lose. Undoubtedly, but the power of this space shuttle is already clear, but at this time, it is impossible for me to resist.

"In the second round, Xiao Yan won." Just as Duan Tianfeng rushed into the competitive mountain range to announce the end, Xiao Yan's figure also fell from the sky in an instant, his face was pale, and his breath was sluggish.

"He's really a desperate guy." Duan Tianfeng quickly caught Xiao Yan's figure, and then his gentle strength kept nourishing him.

"Fei'er, take Xiao Yan back to rest, there is nothing to do with him." Duan Tianfeng directly handed Xiao Yan over to Duo Qifei, and then continued to preside over the competition for the top six.

Then a group of strong people looked at the unconscious Xiao Yan and the pale Feng Yu, and their hearts were full of shock, because they all knew that this Xiao Yan was probably a more terrifying guy than Feng Yu!