Chapter 611: Try it!

"Is that the kid?" Wang Chen followed Ling Xuan's fingers and saw a man with a heavy ruler and a man with a lean but strange appearance.

"Haha, are you still being targeted?" Xiao Yan immediately shook his head helplessly when he saw the two people's gazes on him.

"But forget it... Since you can't escape, it's better to admit it."

"This time when I come back to Burning Incense Pavilion, that moving the sky ruler is a goal, but before getting the moving sky ruler, I still have to kill the chickens and warn the monkeys."

"But looking at the woman's identity seems a bit complicated..."

"I used to be Ye Qing from the late stage of the five-star Dou Emperor, and now she's the powerhouse of this six-star Dou Emperor. Who is this woman?" Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart. Wang Chen.

"Buzzing!" Xiao Yan and Wang Chen's eyes just met, and a fierce spark suddenly sparked, and some other Fenxiangge disciples around saw this and retreated.

"Hey, isn't that Wang Chen and the little witch from the Temple of Earth?"

"Who are they targeting?" The other disciples in the competition venue immediately joked when they saw the tense atmosphere at the door.

Following the voices of these disciples, many of the disciples in the competition also withdrew, and gathered to stare at Wang Chen and the others, as if they were watching a good show!

"Are you that Xiao Yan from the Hall of People?" Wang Chen's deep voice pressed against Xiao Yan with a strong arrogance!

"Humph!" Xiao Yan stomped his feet gently, and the Dou Qi sound wave instantly disintegrated.

"It is rumored that the person who won the first place in the points looting competition, and also killed the twin ghost emperors?" Wang Chen saw Xiao Yan cracked his little trick and was saving the road.

Because from the first impression, this Xiao Yan's strength is probably only a five-star Dou Emperor, even if it is hidden, his strongest strength is a complete five-star Dou Emperor.

The six-star Dou Di has survived the Dou Di tribulation, and the power of life and death has already been born in his body. Compared with the five-star Dou Di, it is no different from the heaven and the earth.

"If there is no one with the same name and surname in our Burning Incense Pavilion, it should be me." Xiao Yan shrugged immediately after hearing this.

Because of the mysterious suppression of the Eternal Fire and Ancient Ruler, Xiao Yan's current strength can be hidden at will. If it is not for his strength is stronger than Xiao Yan, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's exact strength will not be discovered.

"what…"

"This person's aura is so weird..."

"Although he tried his best to hide it, he has a purifying and holy aura in his fire. It's so strange..." Among the crowd, a man looked at Xiao Yan with some doubts, and said something in his mouth.

The identity of this person is somewhat special. If the hall master and deputy hall master of the Earth Hall or the Human Hall are present, you can definitely recognize that this is the senior brother who is the head of the seven people in the Heaven Hall, but because the people in the Heaven Hall are far away from simple residence, So few people know it.

"According to the younger sister, you seem to have trespassed into the Burning Heaven Territory where we burn incense without permission. What's your explanation for this?" Wang Chen immediately asked Xiao Yan without giving any face.

"If I said I broke in by accident, I'm afraid my senior brother would definitely not believe it." Xiao Yan was not surprised and said slowly.

"Xiao Yan, this is the fifth senior brother of the Earth Palace. It is said that his strength has already reached the level of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di..."

"Let's go." Mu Feng, who was beside him, hurriedly said.

Originally, Mu Feng was only here to bring Xiao Yan. After all, Mu Xuzi had explained to Mu Feng, so if something went wrong with Xiao Yan, Mu Feng could not afford it.

"Don't worry, you can handle it."

"Didn't you say before that the people in this temple are not very friendly to the people in our temple?"

"Just take some interest back from this Wang Chen." Xiao Yan turned his head and said, and then his eyes were fixed on Wang Chen.

This Wang Chen's strength has reached the mid-stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, and that thick muscle is probably a powerhouse.

Xiao Yan's eyes slightly scrutinized and thought.

"Junior brother really likes to joke."

"But whether it's intentional or unintentional, since we broke in, we naturally have to be punished. After all, we have always been rewarded and punished clearly for those who burn incense." After Wang Chen finished speaking, he slowly laughed.

When I participated in the individual competition before, I was in a bad mood because of the loss, but this Xiao Yan actually bumped into it, so he had no choice but to feel wronged.

"Hey, don't look at Xiao Yan's mediocre strength. I heard that he disappeared for five years after he went to the Xuanling Emperor Pond to soak. No one knows where he went during these five years..."

"But in five years, a lot can be done..."

"And I don't think this kid's breath is weak. He can actually stay unmoved under the pressure of Wang Chen, a six-star fighting emperor. I'm afraid there is proof."

"This Wang Chen is not easy to provoke. After all, he is an upright six-star Dou Di powerhouse. Although Xiao Yan's strength is not weak, I am afraid..." Some disciples around said one after another.

"Xiao Yan, don't say that I bullied you. If you follow me back to our hall and tell us the reason for your unauthorized entry into the Burning Heaven Territory, maybe we won't care about you."

"But if you don't go back, I'm afraid I'll have to invite you back!" Wang Chen said coldly, the voice of the words being said was extraordinarily loud!

"Hehe, I said earlier that I just broke in unintentionally. Could it be that this is a violation of the cabinet rules?"

"This is too funny, isn't it?" Xiao Yan responded directly to Wang Chen without fear at all.

"Hahaha, what Xiao Yan said is reasonable. UU reading www.uukanshu.com"

"We were originally from the Fenxiang Pavilion, and the Fentian Territory exists to protect the incense pavilion. Our disciples will inevitably enter..."

"It's really not easy for Xiao Yan to break into the Burning Heaven Territory and retreat completely." The previous person from the Heavenly Palace spoke slowly in the crowd.

"Hehe, what do you know, this kid has provoked Wang Chen in this palace, I am afraid he will suffer a lot."

"Because that Wang Chen is a real six-star Dou Di mid-stage powerhouse." The crowd next to him said disdainfully.

"I don't think so. It seems that Wang Chen is the one who will suffer." The man in the Tiandian smiled slowly, then stared at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan without saying a word.

"you!"

"Smooth tongue, then I will teach you a good lesson in your place!"

"What is respect for senior brother!"

"And I will personally invite you back!" Seeing the constant talk around, Wang Chen was immediately a little angry.

"Senior brother, be careful, the flames on Xiao Yan's body are a little weird." Seeing this, Ling Xuan was overjoyed, but her heart was still slightly chilled.

They had already fought each other before. Although it was a brief moment before, Ling Xuan did feel the terrifying suppression from this Xiao Yan!

"Don't worry, it's just a yellow-haired boy." When Wang Chen heard this, he immediately smiled at Ling Xuan, and then looked at Xiao Yan, his pupils exuded a strong desire for war!

"Today, in this competition arena, in front of many junior brothers, Wang Chen of the Earth Palace challenged Xiao Yan of the People's Palace!"

"Xiao Yan, you dare to fight me!" After Wang Chen finished speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan as if he were looking at the weak.

"I can't ask for it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he took a step forward, and then there was a smile on the corner of his mouth, but the smile was full of danger. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: