Chapter 266: The closed corpse forest!

"Damn it, I didn't expect this ghost emperor to actually master ghost skills..."

"Even among the nine ghost emperors, there are only a few people who can use the legendary ghost skills..." The Nine Soul Stele also said viciously.

"It seems that I still underestimate the power of the twin ghost emperors..." Chang Yu also said coldly.

Originally, Wujiang felt that this point grabbing competition would not be so simple, so the secret letter was passed on to their deputy pavilion owner, Chang Yu!

A strong man at the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

When Hongpao Changyu came to this Infernal Corpse Forest, he also floated in the dark, in order to give this Infernal Corpse a fatal blow at a critical moment.

But what Chang Yu didn't expect was that the power of the twin ghost emperors was stronger than he imagined. When he confronted and sealed the twin ghost emperors, Chang Yu just happened to be absent, so his estimate of the power of this ghost was wrong.

"damn it……"

"Is there no other way..." Hu Du also snorted coldly, then looked at the blood-colored vortex above the sky.

The blood-colored vortex above the sky, although a small gap was opened by a few of them, and then was attacked by the Nine Souls Monument with the immortal sword, but apart from the reduced ghost energy, it did not achieve other more powerful effects.

"The sturdy degree of this blood-colored vortex, the terror has reached the level of the eighth-rank Dou Emperor..."

"Even if we do our best, we still need five seven-star Dou Emperor level powerhouses to join forces to open it up..." Chang Yu also secretly regretted, obviously if he had appeared earlier, then this kind of thing should not have happened.

"Five..." The Nine Soul Monument also shook its head at this time. Obviously, the people here now have lost Xiaoyue, who has no fighting power and no fighting spirit, and the Nine Soul Monument itself is adding Changyu, and there are only three Seven Star Dou Di. The powerhouse, with the addition of Tianhuo Shenghu and Hu Du, two five-star fighting emperors, and a six-star fighting emperor in Wujiang, it is obviously difficult to deal with the blood-colored vortex in front of him.

"You can only go first..."

"Otherwise, it will be troublesome after the evil spirit regains its power..." Chang Yu also stopped when he was cut off.

"Wu Jiang and Hu Du!"

"Where are you going? Some of our team members who participated in this competition have been arrested by these people in the ghost world. You hurry up and rescue them..." Chang Yu said coldly.

"Hmm." Hu Du and Wu Jiang also shook their heads, then flew in the direction of a Chang Yu finger.

With the departure of Hu Du and Wu Jiang, the fighting spirits of the Nine Souls Monument above the sky and Chang Yu gradually calmed down. In this way, it was obvious that they had given up their resistance.

"Hey, I can only escape first..." Chang Yu also shook his head, his eyes filled with disbelief, obviously this time it was his own negligence.

"I can't blame you for that." The Nine Souls Monument also spoke slowly. Obviously, the Nine Souls Monument, which has been sealed for thousands of years, did not expect the twin ghost emperors to be so terrifying.

"Tianhuo Shenghu, you did a good job this time. After you go out, you will be able to regain your freedom." The Nine Soul Monument also said slowly.

"Thank you, senior!" Tianhuo Shenghu said respectfully. After all, he is also a kind of monster. It was only by chance that he entered the Infernal Corpse Forest, but it was easy to get in and hard to get out...

Mu Yingying ignored the conversation between the three, and her beautiful eyes turned slightly in a meeting between the blood-colored vortex above the sky and Xiao Yan behind her.

"Xiao Yan, what the **** are you doing..." Mu Yingying also bit her lip, and obviously found Xiao Yan's actions, but what she just couldn't understand was that Xiao Yan, a boy with the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage, how could he? Have the courage to deal with this twin ghost emperor who is as powerful as an eight-star Doudi...

Although it is said that the twin ghost emperors at this time have suffered a lot of injuries, and their strength has entered the time of exhaustion, but they are also genuine eighth-grade ghost emperors, comparable to the powerhouses of the human eight-star fighting emperor level!

Mu Yingying only saw that the blood-colored vortex above the sky continued to expand, and more and more ghosts kept pouring in, and the gap originally opened by Chang Yu and the others was instantly filled.

In the dark, Mu Yingying can also feel that in the blood-colored vortex, a ghost like a heaven-shattering devil is being absorbed by the evil spirits. Once the blood-black vortex is completely transformed into black, then go to the corpse forest. doomsday...

On the other side, Xiao Yan was sitting in the air, his hands were separated from left to right, and a very delicate lotus seed in the center of his hands was slowly standing up, but at this time Xiao Yan's eyes were closed, and his hands wanted to close to varying degrees!

It was obviously blocked by an inexplicable force, so the speed was very slow.

Above the sky, there was silence.

On the ground at this time, Mu Feng and Yue Yu had both experienced a great battle, and the fighting qi in their bodies had also been consumed a lot, so their strength had also been weakened to varying degrees.

"Yueru!"

"Go!" After Mu Feng finished speaking, he also flew in one direction!

Yueru didn't say much, because when Mu Feng had just rumored, she told Yueru that she had received orders from Wu Jiang to rescue their participants this time!

If those caught are not rescued, once they are merged with evil, the consequences will be too terrifying!

"Where are they going?" Luo Guang also looked at Mu Feng and Mu Feng tiredly, and apparently also discovered that the Yin Corpse Forest couldn't recover his grudge. The battle just now was spent to protect the remaining people. too much.

"I don't know, but now we are grasshoppers on a rope. It's better to be together." Qiu Huaniao also said coldly. Obviously, although he didn't like several people at this time, Qiu Huaniao was also a smart person. Both Mu Feng and Yueru possessed some high-level pills to restore Dou Qi and they didn't dare to offend them easily with their current Dou Qi.

"Let's go!" After speaking, the group of people on the ground followed Yueru and Mu Feng, and together with Wujiang Hu Du, they moved in the opposite direction to rescue those who were caught!

"Shabu Shabu!"

At this time, the sky was covered with dark clouds, and the blood-black vortex had grown to a certain extent and then stopped, but an extremely terrifying giant face also appeared in the vortex.

"Susu!"

"You humans just wait to die!"

"Hahaha!" The ferocious giant face is the face of the previous twin ghost emperors!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Humph!" Chang Yu also snorted coldly, and then an extremely terrifying Dou Qi cage instantly moved towards the giant face in the blood-colored vortex!

"Bang Bang Bang!" When the terrifying Dou Qi cage just touched the blood-colored vortex, it was suddenly swallowed up.

"It's time to go." Chang Yu also shook his head, and then no longer hesitated, his vindictive aura was instantly pushed to the extreme, and then he waved gently towards the space in front of him.

It's just strange that the space in front of him is not turbulent.

"What's wrong?" The Nine Soul Monument also said exhausted.

"This space seems to be imprisoned..." Chang Yu also said with an ugly expression.

Ask for tickets!