Chapter Vol 4 2142: 8 clan fights reincarnation!

The sacred halo became more and more intense, and the terrifying power that vaguely radiated from it made people feel terrified.

That is reincarnation, this level of power is enough to easily kill everyone here!

"It's really strong."

Xiao Yan and the patriarchs of the seven ancient clans were at the forefront of the team, facing its attack without reservation, feeling this extreme power up close, and couldn't help being surprised.

The power of angels, the power of reincarnation, the interaction of the two forces, swept the entire holy city in a mighty manner, appearing exceptionally brilliant and shining, and the endless sacred aura made the heaven and earth here eclipsed.

"Now, what else do you have to say?"

Blake waved his hand and signaled the believers behind him, the priests, and some powerful chilling waiters to step back, with a sarcastic smile on his face.

This is the absolute suppression of strength!

"Let's join hands to defend the enemy. The current situation has long been irreversible. Now that we have reached this stage, don't stand in the wrong position."

Gu Yuan took a step forward, and the two powers of ice and fire were like two gorgeous energy balls, quietly crawling behind him, but anyone could clearly feel what kind of majestic power this guy contained within his body!

With the dual attributes of water and fire, coupled with the strength of touching Samsara, I am afraid that Gu Yuan can now rely on various enhancements to defeat the strong Samsara head-on!

"Kill kill kill!"

"You are in charge of the other Holy See powerhouses, eight of us, against Black."

Yao Wan was also standing behind Gu Yuan, and the endless aura of life emerged, obviously ready to fight to the death.

At this point, instead of being greedy for life and fear of death, it is better to use your own life and wisdom to gain the slim chance of winning.

"Okay!"

When the other powerhouses heard the words, they nodded their heads one after another. Their strength was almost only at the late stage of the Seven-star Fighting Immortal to the Eight-star Fighting Immortal. If they rashly entered a battle at this level, they would probably just die in vain.

"Add me."

"Eight ancient clans, we can't be without our Xiao clan."

Xiao Yan took a deep breath and said with a very solemn expression, knowing that this situation was beyond his control, but he couldn't ignore it.

"Row."

The seven powerhouses of the seven ancient clans did not refuse. Although Xiao Yan's strength was weak, but he possessed many treasures, so naturally he could play some beneficial effects.

"I'm afraid this guy's strength is not just the reincarnation level."

"Double reincarnation, such strength and spirit..."

Xiao Yan's group of eight slowly surrounded Black, but none of them attacked rashly.

Double Reincarnation Stage!

The real double reincarnation is not like Lacey's half-hearted strength. The strength of this guy gives the eight people the oppression, which is unprecedentedly intense and hot. If you are not careful, the whole army may be wiped out here!

"The eight ancient clans...are all together?"

"However, they are as strong as the Xiao clan, but in the end they can only end up secretly disappearing. It's really hilarious."

"I just don't know whether your so-called Xiao clan finally became the lackeys of the evil clan outside the territory, or for other reasons."

Black didn't rush to do it, because his purpose was not to kill these guys.

He is waiting, he is waiting for a strong man to come.

At the same time, he is also betting on whether the strong man can come back to save the demon of light!

However, before that, these idiots must be made to suffer more so that the chance of that guy showing up can be greatly increased.

As strong as the demon world, the master of a world, it is too easy to obtain information here, but to make him appear, the current level of oppression is far from enough.

There are extremely strict regulations in the seven realms. Once the powerhouses of other realms break the rules, they will be punished extremely terribly.

But Blake is confident, even if the punishment is terrible, compared to the demon emperor's beloved woman, it's a little dwarfed.

The eight people surrounded it with a siege. They all understood the predicament they were facing, so they didn't dare to hold back.

The eight of them, except for Xiao Yan, had also gone through too many life-and-death battles, and just now they had the position of the power and the leader of the clan that controlled the perfection of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"Boom!"

After a while, the Thunder Clan Patriarch took the lead.

Above the sky, black thunderclouds quickly gathered and formed. Lightning and thunder in the thunderclouds, and the sound of roaring spread out, making people's minds swayed, and it seemed that some rare thunder of destruction was still brewing inside. Its power is undeniable!

Without any reservations, the Thunder Clan's forbidden technique was displayed from the very beginning!

"Bang bang bang!"

The patriarch of the spirit clan also moved.

The void in front of everyone trembled abruptly, cracks appeared one after another, and suddenly a huge green beast crawls out!

On this emerald green spirit beast, a faintly rich vitality emerges. The overall shape is like a fairy deer, and it is extremely light, but on its two antlers, there is a bright green light that can penetrate the entire world. Breathe, quickly gather!

Spiritual Forbidden Technique!

After a while, the powerhouses of the other tribes also unleashed their top-notch attacks.

The patriarch of the soul clan, the countless ghosts and grievances behind him let out bursts of mourning sounds, but after he breathed, they quickly merged in front of him, a snow-covered ghost sword, extremely bloody!

If such a terrifying sword were to fall, I am afraid that the entire holy city would be riddled with holes!

In front of the Patriarch of the Medicine Clan, a mouthful of a thousand-zhang green cauldron, containing an aura of endless repression, appeared solemnly!

The patriarch of the stone clan has a pale face, and a huge stone shield that is thousands of feet long is enough to isolate most power attacks!

……

The last place, Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan sucked in a breath of cold air, exposing all his trump cards for a while.

Holy flame.

Holy flame armor.

Fighting spirit.

The four changes of the Dragon God came out!

Even the clan lines between the eyebrows shine with its own power.

"Wong buzzing!"

The five powers instantly blessed, and immediately on Xiao Yan's palm, a beautiful and delicate lotus pedestal was brewing.

"What a horrible guy."

At this moment, when he noticed the reincarnation of Buddha's wrath on the lotus platform in Xiao Yan's palm even the other seven powerhouses could smell a wave that was not inferior to their attacks!

"Go!"

"Absolutely can't give him any chance!"

Although forbidden art is terrifying, in this mountain range that has been baptized by the sacred, its power is greatly reduced, and it is only the power of a small forbidden art.

"A group of ants."

The eight incomparably splendid attacks were like eight gods of death who came to harvest their own lives. They fought each other, trying to cut themselves into eight pieces!

But his own strength and their strength are not of the same level.

This kind of battle is so boring.

"Shhhhh."

Behind Black, the dazzling light fell, and vaguely formed a series of precious wings behind him.

The milky white brilliance on the body was magnificent, and with the blessing of angel wings, it turned out to be trying to resist the joint attack of the eight people!

Eight Forbidden Technique-level attacks, even because of the special area here, are eight small Forbidden Technique attacks!

This Blake actually wants to resist with a mortal body?

In an instant, the countless guards of the Holy See and the powerhouses in the Douyun Continent who were preparing to fight to the death suddenly stopped and stared at the fierce battle in the sky.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: