Chapter Vol 4 1451: A descendant of the Xiao clan?

"Hehe..." Xiao Yan had just exchanged the thousand-year-old Xuanbing, feeling extremely happy, he slowly left the medicine pavilion and headed towards the busy city on the side.

The Medicine Market Medicine Pavilion is basically just the intersection of medicinal herbs and medicinal herbs, and only the downtown area has concentrated countless strange places, so it is also called a treasure hunt area by everyone.

Xiao Yan came out of the medicine pavilion, and it was almost evening. Against the backdrop of the rising sun, he slowly walked towards the downtown. Suddenly, around the bustling downtown, there were dazzling red lanterns hanging everywhere, quite festive.

"Let's see if I can find treasures." Xiao Yan walked around, constantly shuttling in the downtown. With these red lanterns against the background, and the crowd surging, the downtown was also quite lively.

"Damn..."

"The Four Continents Competition has not started yet..." Not far away, the two men walked slowly, both of them possessed a strong aura, even the aura of one of them, which made Xiao Yan quite familiar.

"Brother Mu Xi, don't be impatient. It is said that this four-continent competition has gathered a lot of strong people, so it will be an unprecedented lively." Another man laughed.

"It's actually Xiyun Pavilion and Crazy Dragon Alliance. It is said that these two powers are close to the status of overlords on the Western Continent, and it is rumored that the relationship between the two forces is not good. How can the young masters of the two forces be so close now? ?" Seeing the two figures walking around, some guys with high identities in the downtown area were also slightly puzzled.

"Forget it...I still don't want these troubles."

"It seems to be surrounded by a lot of people, go and have a look." The two of them just finished their voices and immediately walked towards a square where people were surging.

"What place is this... it's so lively." Xiao Yan walked around and came to the center of the downtown square. For some reason, there were hundreds of figures gathered here, which was quite magnificent.

"Hey... succumb to all of you."

"Our Zhubaohui is a recognized gathering place for treasures inside Tianming Villa, and in order to maintain the majesty of the owner of Tianming Villa, we will auction some of the treasures we have acquired at regular intervals." At this time, the center of the square , a middle-aged man spoke slowly, his voice filled with a smile.

Immediately, behind the man, in a place shrouded in red light, a young man who looked like a wolf was slowly bound in the cage. The man had a violent aura that was as violent as a soul beast, which made people feel disgusted. .

Today's Tianming Villa is busy preparing for the Four Continents Competition, and naturally neglects this guy. Otherwise, if they are made aware of this guy's existence, it is impossible for the treasures to be auctioned.

"What is this……"

"Looks like a human?"

"Auctioning off human beings without authorization is a big taboo!" Many experts around him were surprised when they heard the words. Obviously, even if it is the special nature of Yinhuntian, it can't be so blatantly auctioning people, not to mention that it is still inside Tianming Mountain Villa.

"What exactly are you Zhubaohui doing?"

"Didn't the owner of the village say that the population cannot be auctioned?"

"You are provoking the majesty of the villa master by doing this?" After a while, some aboriginal residents of Sifang City questioned the same enemy.

"Hey, I think you all misunderstood."

"This guy... is indeed a human, but in a sense, he is not a human." The middle-aged man of the Zhubaohui laughed.

"This guy has such a strong ghost energy..."

"But the breath on his body is the same as ours, why is this?" Some onlookers asked in surprise.

There is a big difference between humans and ghosts.

"This guy... is a combination of a human and a ghost?" At the next moment, a bold thought emerged in Xiao Yan's head. With his huge soul power, he found out that this guy's dazzling ghost and human anger were astonishing. can be determined.

"But that's not right... Most of the ghosts are wandering ghosts without bodies. How can they have a relationship with humans and give birth to offspring?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked in doubt.

"nothing is impossible……"

"After the ghosts are reborn through some means, they will also carry the original ghost energy, so this is what happens. However, the children born in the ghost world and humans basically die if they don't live beyond the age of three, because ghosts in the ghost world will die. Qi and human anger are different, they are incompatible with each other... But this guy, I am afraid that his age has changed to twenty years old..."

"It's really amazing, I'm afraid there is something in this guy's body." After a while, the Master of Soul Eater also murmured.

"Even the master has never seen the combination of ghosts and humans?" Now it was Xiao Yan's turn to be surprised.

"I've seen it before, but unfortunately, I haven't lived past the age of ten. Because ghosts and anger devour each other, most of them are still babies and die." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head.

"But this little guy... must get it. This is the first time I have encountered it in my life. If I train well, I will definitely be a right-hand man in the future." The Soul Eater said firmly, and he also had a brand new plan in his heart.

Even in the history of the ghost world, the chance of a human being combined is quite small, let alone missed adulthood.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, although he didn't know what kind of mystery this guy had, but the Master of Soul Eater had said so, so Xiao Yan naturally would not refuse.

"What the **** is this guy?" Some irritable figures couldn't help asking.

"He is the child of humans and ghosts. If you are interested, make an offer." After a while, the man from the Zhubaohui opened his mouth softly, and his voice was full of jokes.

Zhubaohui cooperated with Tianming Mountain Villa to send the auctioned materials to Tianming Mountain Villa. After all, Tianming Mountain Villa consumes a huge amount of resources in order to maintain the operation of the entire region.

"The child of ghosts and humans?"

"How could it be possible to live so long?"

"What secret is there on this guy?" As the voice of the Zhubaohui man fell, he suddenly burst into whispers.

"Three emperor-level three-level heaven-level medicinal pills."

"Two immortal-level fourth-grade earth-level medicinal pills."

"A prescription for Immortal Rank 4th Grade Heaven Rank."

"..." In an instant, after a short discussion, there was a terrifying scramble for the price, and many figures were carried out. Obviously, they all wanted to take this guy away, so as to find out.

"Is this... too cruel?"

"Forget it...let's be a hunter." Xiao Yan originally planned to bid for a test, but there were very few things on his own that he could come up with, so he could only dispel his thoughts.

"This man-ghost combination seems to have some familiar fluctuations?" The next moment, the soul force passed through many figures and slowly walked towards the caged man.

"This human being...it seems..."

"It smells like a father." The next moment, when Xiao Yan's soul power touched, the man who was trapped in the cage was slowly projecting his black pupils towards Xiao Yan's position, and suddenly muttered. Talk to yourself.

"Weng buzzing!" And as Xiao Yan was stared at by the man in the cage, the same fluctuations appeared between his eyebrows.

"This guy... Could it be the heir of our senior Xiao family?" When Xiao Yan noticed this scene, his pupils shrank tightly, and he lost his voice in his heart.

Because at this moment, Xiao Yan suddenly sensed a force that was exactly the same as his own from this guy!

That power is nothing else... it is the power of the Xiao Clan's bloodline!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!