Chapter Vol 4 1629: An 8-star Douxian-level dean of the courtyard!

"Boom!" On the fourth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, the space trembled violently, and countless surging energy burst out like a tide. In an instant, the countless evil auras in this place disappeared, and all the mountains and forests vanished in an instant. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

At this moment, in this void, there are only three figures with a rather weak aura floating in the air, and this place has already been turned into a dilapidated and desolate place because of this level of explosion and fluctuation.

"Cough cough... such a terrifying destructive power, it seems that I still underestimate him." After a while, Xiao Zifan took the lead, coughed violently while covering his chest, and then looked at the desolate space around him and said.

"Senior..." Xiao Yan's aura was also extremely weak at this time. At the last moment, Xiao Zifan displayed his clan power attack, Xiao Yan didn't have time to ask, and immediately the Green Devil directly detonated all his power and exploded completely. The self-destruction of the Xianding Peak powerhouse, if not for Xiao Zifan's isolation of most of the power, and the addition of the shadow master, Xiao Yan and Yu Rou'er both tried their best to defend against the doomsday, barely allowing them to survive the doomsday explosion. down.

"The Green Devil has completely fallen..."

"I can't help you with respect to the Xiao clan pattern, because this thing is hidden in the depths of the Xiao clan's bloodline, and can only be triggered by experiencing life and death or some insights, etc. Its birth is different from person to person, and each Xiao clan person is different. The power of their clan marks is not the same." Xiao Zifan explained weakly, although this battle seems easy, but without Xiao Yan's help, I am afraid the price to be paid will be extremely heavy.

"The two of you... are you okay?" Yu Rou'er on the side forcibly supported herself not to fall down. The aura in her body emerged and directly applied it to the two of them, making them feel a little better.

"We're fine. Now that this place has been resolved, let's leave as soon as possible. Otherwise, the fluctuations generated here may disturb the great powers in the Earth Spirit Academy." Xiao Zifan stared at the endless void and said vigilantly, but he was just talking about the so-called so-called When the court was powerful, a trace of anger spread out.

Although his strength is already the pinnacle of the seven-star Dou Xian, and Yu Rou'er is one of the top disciples in the Earth Spirit Academy, he can't help but make a powerful move, because there are eight-star Dou Xian experts in the Earth Spirit Academy.

Eight Star Dou Xian seems to have a small gap with the peak of Seven Star Dou Xian, but only Xiao Zifan knows that if he is in his prime, he still has the strength to fight. The traces of ghosts have been known, and their parents cannot easily fall anyway.

"Weng Om!" Suddenly, on the fourth floor of the trembling Earth Spirit Pagoda, a void energy body slowly emerged.

This empty energy body looks like an old man. The old man is dressed in simple blue clothes, and the old palm is combined with the face full of vicissitudes. It is enough to see that it has experienced the erosion of time, and it is such a The phantom of the old man stood in the void, and the terrifying fluctuations around him turned out to make this piece of void residual power and violently shaking space become quiet, as if he waved his hand, this place will be completely for ashes.

"Guru..."

"Mo Tianwen!" And when this phantom appeared in Yu Rou'er's beautiful eyes, Yu Rou'er, who used to be unsmiling in the past, was filled with a chilling power.

"Rouer... Calm down first, the top priority now is to get out of here and reunite with Xiao Gui, and other matters, we will discuss it in the long run." Seeing Qian Ying beside him so angry, Xiao Zifan hurriedly comforted him. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

Back then, the matter between me and Yu Rouer was because this old guy was secretly trying to defeat him, and it was he who imprisoned Yu Rouer's parents. My son's father, one of the three headmasters of the Underworld, was only impeached by this old man out of nothing, and thus lost his position as headmaster. Since then, without the protection of the headmaster, the two of them were also impeached by the Earthling Academy. Thoroughly wanted, and finally this guy took action and suppressed them in the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"Who is it!" Xiao Yan's keen soul power, aware of the aura, suddenly looked at a broken void behind, and snorted coldly.

"That evil figure was actually obliterated by you... It's really a misstep." The gray-white energy body glanced at the barren void and said lightly.

"Damn...it's actually this guy!" Seeing this, Xiao Zifan's heart also filled with a hint of heaviness.

"It seems that the Great Demon has fallen..." Mo Tianwen looked at the people around him and spoke slowly. There was a very special power in his voice, like the pressure of the heavens and the earth, which made one's heart palpitate.

Obviously from this voice, it is not difficult to hear that the so-called Great Demon is also the handwriting of this guy.

"Zifan... let's go!" Yu Rou'er rolled her eyes, temporarily suppressing her anger, and said immediately.

"Humph!"

"Two fearless rats, stay completely." Seeing Xiao Zifan's figures squirming and escaping quickly, the old man waved his palm, and a majestic gray energy swept out and shot directly at the two of them. .

Such strong energy fluctuations If they catch up with Xiao Zifan and the two, I am afraid that the two of them will fall here completely. After all, the two of them are now weak.

"Boom!" In an instant, when the two were panicking, a figure behind them was tightly wrapped by a strange black light, and between the waves, an equally tyrannical black cyclone directly hit the gray energy of the old man, and immediately two The person was deadlocked, and after a while, he returned to calm.

"Boy, thank you!"

"This is the great fortune promised to you!" In an instant, Xiao Zifan and Yu Rou'er jumped, shaking in the void, and disappeared directly here, and at the same time, a black scroll also quietly fell into Xiao Yan's hands.

"Eight Stars Fighting Immortals?" Mo Tianwen said solemnly, seeing that his attack was blocked, and his eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan who was surrounded by black light and couldn't see his figure.

"Old ghost... let's end it." The next moment, resentment slowly sounded, and in the black light, countless ghosts and wild ghosts wailed, and suddenly this broken space was filled with an indescribable danger. breath!

"Creak!" Mo Tianwen's energy phantom shattered immediately. Immediately, this space was also returning to quietness, but the shattering and restless space would obviously explode before it could last long.

"Are you all right, little guy?" As several people left one after another, the Soul Eater Lord's body easily appeared beside Xiao Yan, and he said with concern that he had just used his strongest power now, the power of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal Early Stage. It obviously caused a lot of load to Xiao Yan.

"Teacher...I'm fine."

"The next step is to collect this so-called great good fortune, and even to the most core step of the Earth Spirit Pagoda..."

"Qidu Yinhunzhan!" Xiao Yan directly swallowed a lot of medicinal pills to restore his vindictive energy, and murmured while holding the black scroll that Xiao Zifan had just given him in his palm.