Chapter 296: The change of the color scale soul jade!

On the soul jade at this time, there are fluctuations that the four tigers are not weak. If you look closely, you will find that there are four energies of different colors flowing slowly on the palm-sized soul jade.

Among them, there is a soul power that is slowly emitting a more dazzling light than other soul powers...

"This is……"

"Cailin's soul power!" Xiao Yan also recognized the source of this power at a glance. When he entered the mysterious passage and came to the Doudi Continent, Xiao Yan let Xun'er, Cailin and Gu Yuanzhukun stay behind. A trace of soul power is placed on it, so as to disperse the search!

At this time, Cailin's soul actually glowed on the soul jade, which means that Cailin is very close to Xiao Yan himself!

"Color scales..."

"Where are you!" Xiao Yan also shouted out of control.

"Calm down!" The Golden Dragon King also supported Xiao Yan, and then injected pure power into Xiao Yan's body, which stabilized Xiao Yan's excited emotions.

"I know you want to find other people who came to this continent with you and scattered, but you are not in a hurry!" The Golden Dragon King also comforted.

"I'm sorry, Shizu, I lost my way." Xiao Yan calmed down and said solemnly.

Obviously, Cailin's soul power fluctuates violently, which is enough to show that Cailin is very close to Xiao Yan!

"Cai Lin must be in Xuantian Santian!" Xiao Yan also came back to his senses, then stared at the Soul Jade in his hand and said slowly.

At the same time, in the distant Xuantian desert, a rather majestic hall also appeared in the depths of the desert.

Outside the main hall, an enchanting woman with nine colors on her body was slowly staring at the main hall.

If Xiao Yan is here, then Xiao Yan can recognize it at a glance!

This woman suddenly went to the color scales scattered from the space channel!

"The snake people on the Dou Di Continent are really troublesome..." Cai Lin also moved her lips slightly and said a few words.

"There's actually a familiar feeling..." Cai Lin seemed to have discovered something, and immediately held the accept ring in his hand.

At the same time, a soul jade that was identical to Xiao Yan's palm also appeared in Cailin's hand.

"This is……"

"Xiao Yan, are you in Xuantian Santian?" The first time Cailin saw the soul jade, she found that the soul power belonging to Xiao Yan was exuding extremely dazzling fluctuations.

Immediately, it turned into a stream of tender eyes, looking into the distance.

After all, Xiao Yan is also her husband anyway, and the birth of Xiao Xiaoxiao also made this Medusa, who is famous in the Dou Qi Continent, become a bit like a mother.

This kind of fluctuation can only appear when the two are close!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"My Lady Queen, it's time." Just when Cailin's eyes softened, a woman with curly hair like a little snake appeared slowly, and said respectfully to Cailin.

"Well, let's go." Cai Lin's eyes instantly became deep, and then he stepped into the main hall.

"My Lady Queen, let's go in by yourself. This temple has extremely tyrannical restrictions. We can't enter without the most excellent blood power of the Medusa family." The woman also said.

"How is the situation between the Xuanling Royal Family and Nu Dong?" Cai Lin asked with her beautiful eyes slightly wrinkled.

"The Xuanling royal family's attack on our snake people is more intense than before, presumably because the arrival of Her Lady Queen has made them feel unprecedented pressure..."

"If Her Lady Queen can obtain the supreme power of the Medusa family, then the Xuanling Royal Family and Furious Winter are not worth mentioning."

"As for Nu Dong, we are already hoarding troops. After all, Nu Dong's blood power is not as honest as Lady Queen, so I feel the crisis." The woman continued.

"Understood, you go down."

"During my retreat, all of our snake people were left to you to take care of."

"Wait for me to go out." Cai Lin also said to the woman in front of her.

"I wish the queen success!" The woman also slowly stepped back after speaking, but her figure was like a ghost, very mysterious.

"Xiao Yan, your life belongs to this king. You can't have an accident without my permission."

"When I get out of the customs, I will look for you." Cai Lin also smiled slightly, and then stepped into the hall without any hesitation.

"Boom boom boom!" When Cailin raised her slender hand, the indestructible stone gate opened slowly, and Cailin turned into a beam of light and entered instantly.

As soon as I entered the stone gate, I found that there are many snakes and scorpions in the stone gate, but fortunately, the color of the color scales is bright, and these little shrimps are also very interesting and walked away.

"Is this the ancestor of our Medusa family..." Cai Lin couldn't hide her surprise when she looked at the behemoth in front of her.

Because the space inside the stone gate is very large, but the most striking thing is the stone statue standing in the center!

The stone statue is about tens of meters high, and the hair is separated in the shape of a snake and scorpion. Even if it is a stone statue, Cailin can feel the terrifying power of this stone statue.

"Does the secrets of the Medusa family exist in this stone statue..." Cai Lin also looked at the stone statue a little, and after finding no result, he sat down with his legs crossed, with nine-colored light constantly floating around his body.

At the moment when the nine-colored rays of light appeared on Cailin's body, the pupil of the stone statue, which was as calm as dead gray, unexpectedly exuded a hot wave, and then inhaled Cailin into it.

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Cailin also hurriedly transferred the vindictive energy in her body, trying to resist the suction, but what confuses Cailin is that the suction has some original power...

The blood in the source and Cailin's own body is also quite the same.

After some struggles to no avail, Cailin was also sucked into the stone statue, and the entire stone statue recovered calm.

"what?"

"That woman actually entered the temple?" Deep in the desert, in a place, a burly man also said viciously.

"That woman with nine-colored rays of light entered the temple..." A subordinate beside her said respectfully.

"Damn woman, it's bad for me."

"Contact Solomon and the Xuanling royal family as soon as possible. I agreed to the conditions they offered!"

"As long as I can become the king of this desert, nothing else matters..." Nu Dong said with a very painful tone. After all, even if the Xuanling Royal Family and Solomon were willing to help him deal with the nine-colored woman, they would not pay any attention to it. The condition is undoubtedly the lion's mouth wide open!

If it wasn't for his inability to do anything , he wouldn't have asked for help from the Xuanling Royal Family and Solomon. After all, the Snake People and the Xuanling Royal Family had deep grievances.

"King……"

"The conditions we offered are a bit too big..."

"If that's the case, will the Medusa Clan's Nudong agree..." A middle-aged man dressed in quite expensive clothes said to King Xuanling.

"Hehe, don't worry."

"Nu Dong is also anxious to deal with their Medusa clan now. This person has great ambitions, so you can watch it." King Xuanling also smiled slowly.

"Also, go on, order, a woman with a nine-colored sky-swallowing python appeared in the Medusa family. Find this person at all costs!" King Xuanling's oppressive voice also spread throughout the rather gorgeous room.

"Hehe, Nu Dong, don't think I don't know your tricks, this nine-colored swallowing python is very useful to us, how could it be given to you so easily..."

"Once you accept this deal, then it's almost time for your Medusa clan to get rid of this desert." King Xuanling laughed, and his smile was extremely hideous.

"Hehe, this time my human palace seems to be developed..."

"A Medusa family, a fire elf and a high-level alchemist..."

"But there seems to be something on that woman, Mu Yingying, that even I can't see through." Inside the Fenxiang Pavilion, Mu Xuzi also looked at Wuzhuju slowly.

Ask for tickets!