Chapter 323: Bamboo old intentions!

one step...

Step two...

When Xiao Yan kept walking out of the wooden house towards the wooden door, he was also sweating secretly in his heart: "Damn, this old man shouldn't be so determined..."

Xiao Yan's decision just now was also extremely uneasy, and at this time he was also extremely uneasy. After all, the strength of the old Zhu in front of him was unfathomable, and based on Xiao Yan's perception, the old Zhu should be a true fighting formation master. A battle formation master with such a powerful mental strength and strength is a very terrifying existence.

And whether it is strength or fighting formation master, these two are what Xiao Yan wants to learn.

After passing this village, there is no such shop, but Xiao Yan didn't want to take this teacher as his teacher so easily, so he was going to blackmail him!

As for the matter of apprenticeship, Xiao Yan is also helpless. After all, if it were other things, Xiao Yan would have already agreed to it, but this matter of apprenticeship involves a great deal. It's also a matter of fear, and this can't be easily agreed.

Just when Xiao Yan couldn't hold back his breath and was about to walk to the door and turn around, a slightly sighing voice also appeared.

"You kid..."

"It's really stubborn..." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

"Come back, I won't force you to worship me as a teacher, you are also free when you come under my door, and there will be nothing to bind you, you can follow me to learn in the future, and I will give it to you wherever you go. Say, it's just that you have to promise me a condition first." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What conditions..." Xiao Yan heard Old Zhu's voice, and the big stone that was tense in his heart also fell, and then slowly closed the wooden door, also coming to Old Zhu.

"I, Zhu Jin, have never accepted a disciple in my life, and you are my first disciple from today."

"It's just that if you haven't broken through to Dou Xian within 20 years, then don't say that you are my disciple of Zhu Lao, you can save yourself a shame." Zhu Lao also looked at Xiao Yan in front of him and said.

"Twenty years to break through to fight immortals..." Xiao Yan's eyes also became hot, and some old Zhu's instructions were not difficult to think about.

"Yes, Master!" Xiao Yan also responded.

"Bamboo Ember..."

"This seems to be the person Yanchi said back then..." Inside Xiao Yan's body, the voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded slowly.

"I'll accept you as a disciple, but I won't interfere with you, nor will it affect your other teachers' teaching to you, and this is the Fenxiang Pavilion. Instead of studying with Mu Xuzi and the others, you might as well follow me for special study and cultivation. ."

"Since you are a pharmacist, I will do my best to cultivate you..."

"But when you have achieved something or we are in trouble in the future, you must help us burn the incense pavilion." Zhu Lao also said slowly.

"It's naturally no problem." Xiao Yan also patted his chest and said, obviously he was quite willing to do this kind of thing.

After all, no matter what, Xiao Yan is also a part of this Burning Incense Pavilion now. If the Burning Incense Pavilion is in trouble in the future, with Xiao Yan's character, he will definitely not stand by.

Fenxiang Pavilion was Xiao Yan’s safe haven at this time. In order to cultivate talents from generation to generation, many seniors in Fenxiang Pavilion did their best to cultivate disciples who would take over their positions or guard Fenxiang Pavilion in the future.

After all, a person's power is always limited...

"Hey, don't rush to promise, just now that is just a certificate, you really want you to promise me..."

"I can help with all my money, but you must promise me three conditions." Elder Zhu also said with joy.

"Three?"

"Senior, you must be too big to open your mouth..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his originally happy expression turned a little dull.

Although this seems to be Xiao Yan taking advantage of the sky, but thinking about it carefully, it is the old Zhu who has taken advantage.

After all, Xiao Yan at this time is already an alchemist at the peak of the first-rank Emperor Realm. In the future, his achievements will be limitless!

These three verbal agreements are quite valuable.

"You you you!" Elder Zhu in front of him also said very angrily, he just raised his exhausted palm to hit Xiao Yan, but he stopped hurriedly as if he remembered something.

This old bamboo is angry!

On weekdays, in this Burning Incense Pavilion, there are not five people who can oppress him like this, but there are not five people who are extremely terrifying!

But the one who was so angry with himself today was actually a young guy, and Elder Zhu was also extremely angry.

"Hey, just promise him."

"It's guaranteed to be a business that only makes money and doesn't lose." Just when Xiao Yan was hesitating, the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, slowly appeared in his mind.

"Why..." Xiao Yan also communicated with his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"I remember that when Yanchi had an accident, it seemed that this person was also there..."

"But due to the years, I don't remember very clearly..."

"However, one thing is certain, the person in front of him not only has the identity of a battle formation master, but he must also have some inseparable relationship with the holy flame of our trip..." The Golden Dragon King's voice also said slowly.

"I promise you!" Xiao Yan is worthy of being a person who has been in the world for many years. After agreeing to the conditions of Zhu Lao, he also made a rather painful attitude, which made Zhu Lao in front of him quite happy.

But what this Elder Zhu didn't know was that Xiao Yan had plotted against him...

"Hahaha, that's right..." Elder Zhu also patted Xiao Yan's shoulder and laughed.

"Teacher..." Xiao Yan saw that Elder Zhu was so happy was immediately overjoyed, and then his eyes became fiery at Elder Zhu.

"Why!" Old Zhu's eyes instantly became painful, because with the level of Old Zhu's cunning, he could naturally see the meaning in Xiao Yan's eyes in front of him!

That is obviously to say!

Since I have become your disciple, you must show some sincerity no matter what, teacher, or you will lose your face, teacher.

"It's alright, alright, you are really greedy for money..." Elder Zhu also waved at Xiao Yan quite painfully.

"Since you came to my door..."

"Then I can't treat you badly..."

"But those things, I'll give them to you when you come back from the Xuanling Emperor Pond." Zhu Lao I smiled slowly.

"Old Zhu, are you a battle formation master..." Xiao Yan couldn't suppress his curiosity, and then murmured.

"Yes, I'm the only battle formation master in the Xuan three days..."

"At the same time, I also have a different title..."

"Undefeated God of War - Ashes!"

While speaking, an extremely terrifying and extremely proud aura also permeated the entire wooden house.

"Undefeated God of War - Ashes!"

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then stared at Elder Zhu in front of him, and found that an extremely huge mental force was instantly oppressing him.

Ask for tickets!