Chapter Vol 4 1085: Xiao Yan shot

Love Novel () has opened a mobile station, mobile users can log in to read, and the effect is even better!

"Xiao Yan?"

"Why are you here?"

"No, it's too dangerous here, hurry up!" And the next moment, as Cailin and Mu Yingying spoke out at the same time, not only did Cailin's pretty face not show joy because of Xiao Yan's appearance, but a shocking expression appeared on Cailin's pretty face. It was a worry.

Relying on Cailin's current One-Star Fighting Immortal Consummate strength, coupled with the blood power of the Ten-Colored Swallowing Python, against Xuan Cang, who was in the middle stage of Two-Star Fighting Immortals, he would not have the strength to fight, let alone Xiao Yan's fighting power. If you can't deal with it, it's tantamount to coming over to die.

Moreover, according to Cailin's feelings towards Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan would never let Xiao Yan die in vain, and hurriedly said.

"No wonder Xiao Yan took a fancy to..." And since Mu Yingying parted ways with Xiao Yan at the beginning, she was in the middle of Xiao Yan, and she couldn't help but have grains and miscellaneous grains in her heart, but before she could speak, she heard Cai Lin's concern. Slightly startled, the words that he wanted to say were temporarily pressed on his lips.

"Don't worry, no matter how powerful the Xuanling royal family is, from ancient times to the present, my Yan Emperor's women have not dared to move." Xiao Yan looked at Cailin tenderly, and said with a rather rogue voice.

Since Xiao Yan and Cailin parted slightly that day, the two have missed each other very much. Naturally, they are very happy when they are together, but because there are outsiders, they have not shown too much.

Long Yi and Xiao Yi on the side could hear a strong chill in their voices. Needless to say, they also knew that if King Xuanling insisted on attacking Cailin and Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan would fight even if he tried to fight. The danger of falling is also bound to fight to the death with it.

"You bastard...still so stubborn..." And Cailin looked at Xiao Yan's rather rogue tone and smile, her mood also became soothed, Xiao Yan's personality really didn't change, which made her remember Things on Dou Qi Continent.

But whenever, as long as this guy Xiao Yan is by his side, he can always give himself quite a quiet mood, even if the enemy is strong.

Xiao Yan glanced at Cailin affectionately, and then glanced at Mu Yingying slightly. After confirming that neither of them was life-threatening, he began to study the things that bound them.

"Bound you guys... is there any way to break it?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked Cai Lin.

"This thing is formed by the fusion of two forces from the evil race outside the territory and the ghost world. If you want to break it, I'm afraid it won't be so easy." When Cailin heard the words, she shook her head slightly.

If these three pillars are so simple, I'm afraid they won't be able to trap her.

"Senior, there is nothing you can do?" Xiao Yan still said unwillingly.

"There is no way for the time being. Even if I take action, it will not be solved for a while," said Soul Eater.

"Be careful, the breath above the altar has become quiet, and it seems that something major is going to happen." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater said solemnly.

"Is this Senior Yan Chi..." Seeing that there was no way to solve this pillar for a while, Xiao Yan turned towards Yan Chi, who was drowsy.

At this time, Yan Chi was obviously falling into a deep sleep, but the extremely evil power on his body could not be concealed.

"Be careful, I always feel that King Xuanling's breath is not right..."

"And behind King Xuanling, there is a behemoth."

"The ancestor of the Xuanling royal family... Xuan Cang." Cai Lin seemed to have thought of something, her beautiful eyes moved slightly, and she said to Xiao Yan.

"Xuan Cang?"

"How can it be?"

"Didn't that guy fall into the hands of the former Queen Medusa?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this.

"Me and Mu Yingying were caught by him."

"He is very strong, and he is in the middle stage of two-star fighting immortals."

"But I always feel that he is not normal, it seems that he is being controlled." Cailin Zaidu said.

"The middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian?" And when Xiao Yan heard the words, his dark pupils shrank tightly. Obviously, this level of powerhouse is simply an insurmountable mountain for him now.

"The middle stage of the two-star fighting immortal..."

"I can stop him temporarily, but I can't help you with other things." When Xiao Yan was shocked, the Soul Eater also said.

"It's so good." Xiao Yan heard the words, and the big stone in his heart fell to the ground.

A powerhouse in the middle of the two-star Dou Xian, in Xuan three days, is enough to change the situation of any battle!

Any battle situation!

Now that he has the promise of the Soul Eater, Xiao Yan is also relieved. As for the Xuanling King who has completed the one-star fight, Xiao Yan has an immature method in his heart. If this method is successful, it will undoubtedly be a big kill for him in the future. However, if he failed, Xiao Yan couldn't even imagine the consequences.

Every time he thought of this method, Xiao Yan couldn't help holding the two Saint Flame Crystals in his body tightly, which was Xiao Yan's last proof.

"I'll save you guys first." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan was about to move them along with the pillars.

"I'm afraid it's too late..." As Xiao Yan's voice just fell and he was about to start, there was a sudden vibration!

Immediately, the ground occupied by the three pillars was suddenly lifted, rising at an extreme speed!

"Damn!"

"What's the matter!" Xiao Yan couldn't help scolding when shocked by this sudden scene.

"It seems that King Xuanling has prepared his plan." Cai Lin also smiled at Xiao Yan.

"What plan?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Swallowing Flames Feast!" The next moment, Mu Yingying, who had been quiet all the time, had her beautiful eyes darkened, and then revealed each word. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"Crash!" While Xiao Yan and the others were talking, the three pillars were poured into the center of the altar at the top of Xuanling Mountain directly by an unknown mechanism!

"My king, they are here." Watching the three pillars slowly emerge from the ground, Wen Zi on the side smiled charmingly.

"My subordinates, let's take a look."

"This is the plan I have planned for decades!"

"With the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, I can devour the power of the Holy Flame in one fell swoop!"

"The power of the two holy flames is enough to give me the power to erode other continents."

"Hahaha." Seeing the three of Mu Yingying pouring into the center of the altar in front of him, the voice of King Xuanling laughed wildly like thunder.

"Sure enough, you are a bastard." And Xuanling King's group didn't put their eyes on it at all. Next to the three huge black-red pillars, three figures slowly appeared in everyone's sight.

"Bold!"

"who are you?"

"How dare you be disrespectful to my king?" Seeing Xiao Yan's three figures appearing, Wen Zi stepped forward and questioned Xiao Yan.

"Little bastard, I was just about to find you, but I didn't expect you to be delivered to your door."

"Since you're here, then stay here completely." After King Xuanling finished speaking, a terrifying power suddenly radiated out, and after that, many of the controlled powerhouses leaned forward slightly, with an indescribable force. The huge momentum suddenly emerged!

Three shifts!

Ainovel strives to create a reading environment without pop-up windows. If you like it, press Ctrl+D to add it as a favorite. With your support, let us go further!

You can use the Enter, ←→ shortcut keys to read