Chapter Vol 4 1310: Bonus, Thor Scroll!

"Brother Mu Ge, you are really tyrannical in this fight..." Just as Mu Ge returned to the arena, a figure suddenly said slowly.

This figure's strength is also in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, but he revolves around the pastoral all day long, like a flattering villain.

"Your opponent doesn't seem to be weak." Mu Ge didn't say much, just said lightly. Based on his experience, he naturally knew that the guy had a wishful thinking in his heart, of course he couldn't be fooled.

This guy's name is Huang Hu, and he is a not weak family in Leicheng, but this guy doesn't do his job, he holds the disciples of the eight major families like them all day long, trying to win their trust with flattery, so as to help his family. The guy got stronger, so he got close.

"En." Huang Hu heard the words, nodded lightly, then slowly sank into the competitive mountain range and started the battle.

"Qifei, I should have given you face just now, right?"

"Otherwise, when I encounter other contestants, when my ice attribute chill appears, it is already a cold corpse." Mu Ge looked at Du Qifei and muttered to himself.

"This guy..." Du Qifei naturally did not pay attention to himself, but to the competition in the competitive mountain range, but the man beside Du Qifei was full of majestic killing intent.

"This guy's strength is actually only in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian... But I hope that we can meet him in the next battle, maybe he is a not weak opponent." Mu Ge naturally found the violent aura on Xiao Yan's body, this kind of aura, only Only humans who have experienced a real life and death battle will have it.

"The second battle, Huang Hu wins..." Duan Tianfeng kept announcing, and since he was in the arena that was brightly lit all day, it was more than a month after this time passed.

The strength of a month, twenty-five wonderful battles, are also slowly unfolding. Among them, the eight tyrannical forces of Lei Cheng, except for the refining pharmacist, did not participate, and the disciples of the other seven forces successfully attacked the top twelve. , The disciples of these seven major forces became Xiao Yan's strongest opponents.

"After a month of competition, the top 12 of our first stage have appeared smoothly."

"No, to be precise, it should be the top 13." Duan Tianfeng corrected.

"After the three-day rest period, there will be competitions, so that the top nine can be directly promoted, and then the top six will be competed to compete for the top three." Du Tianfeng continued.

"The top three, you can directly advance to the top nine and have the opportunity to participate in the four continents competition. Why do you have to compete for the top six and the top three?" Feng Yu asked a little puzzled.

"That said, it's just that the top nine have the qualifications to directly advance to the Four Continents Competition, while the top three are only rewarded." Duan Tianfeng said with a slight smile.

"Only the top three are rewarded?" After hearing the words, a dozen figures couldn't help but look at each other.

"The final reward for this first stage has been decided."

"The first place will get a Thor scroll."

"The second place will get a complete set of weapons and body protection equipment."

"The third place can get a third-grade fairy weapon made by the owner of the valley."

"The fourth to ninth places can directly advance."

"If you don't want to participate in the front three, after the next top ten places are confirmed, you can withdraw directly." Duan Tianfeng said slowly.

"Thor Scroll?"

"I can't believe that such a small forged knife Thunder Valley would have it. It seems that the strength of the forged knife Thunder Valley owner should not be underestimated." Du Tianfeng's voice just finished speaking, and suddenly Xiao Yan's body was full of strength. The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help exclaiming.

"Thor Scroll?"

"What is this?" Xiao Yan asked hurriedly.

"This thing is extremely complicated to say, but it is simple to understand. You can think of it as a one-time scroll. On the Thor scroll, it carries an extremely tyrannical power. That power is enough to resist the power of the five-star fighting immortal. Any blow." The Master of Soul Eater said indifferently.

"what?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"A full-strength blow below the strength of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal?" The Soul Eater had just finished speaking, and immediately caused an extremely tyrannical shock in Xiao Yan's heart.

"If I use the three holy flame fusion, can I resist with this scroll?" The next moment, Xiao Yan also asked slowly, this was the first time Xiao Yan heard about the Thor scroll, so he couldn't help asking.

"I see it hard."

"This Thor Scroll contains an extremely tyrannical force of prohibition. This mysterious force of prohibition can isolate the energy that weakens all attributes, so it can easily resist attacks, but your three holy flames are combined with this fighting skill, The power is not comparable to ordinary fighting skills, no matter how tyrannical the Thor Scroll is, it is impossible to resist all..."

"So I estimate that if you use the Thunder God Scroll for defense, you can weaken a large part of your power, so that you will be hungry for the Three Holy Flames to fuse most of the instant kill effects, but even if you use the Thunder God Scroll to defend the Three Holy Flames , serious injuries are inevitable.”

"The Thor Scroll is very powerful. Although it can isolate most of the power of the Three Holy Flames, the power of the Holy Flame, even a trace, is enough to seriously injure an opponent." The Soul Eater analyzed.

"It seems that this number one must be obtained." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, because he knew that the strength of the Heaven's Chosen above Dongzhou had already reached the perfection of the two-star Dou Xian, and it was only one step away from the three-star Dou Xian, and the four-star Dou Xian was only one step away. There are even more monsters in the continent I am afraid that I will meet the real Samsung Fighting Immortal, so this Thor Scroll must be obtained, this level of trump card is essential for Xiao Yan.

Because only by successfully standing out from the four continents competition, can you help your master to find the thing that restores its origin.

"It's actually a Thor Scroll?"

"Father is really willing to..." Duo Qifei immediately said angrily after listening to Duan Tianfeng's eloquent words.

This Thor Scroll is the proud work of the master of the Thunder Valley Valley.

It is said that this valley owner has the thunder attribute almost at a high level. With some special opportunities, he has mastered the production of this kind of scroll-like.

The production of Thor Scrolls is quite mysterious and extremely time-consuming. Even if it is thousands of years of forging swords, Thunder Valley has only just produced five scrolls.

Forging knife Lei Gu is actually willing to take out such a precious thing as a reward for the championship, which is enough to attract anyone's attention.

"The Thunder God Scroll... The forging knife Thunder Valley is really a big aura."

"Although this Thor Scroll is only a one-time thing, its value is probably more precious than any high-level fighting skills." Du Tianfeng's voice just fell, and it immediately caused a commotion in the audience.

"The top 25 advance to the competition will end today."

"Three days later, thirteen strong men will advance to the top nine, and the ownership of the top six." After Duan Tianfeng finished speaking, everyone left.

And with Duan Tianfeng releasing such a tempting bargaining chip, it aroused extremely fierce reactions from the thirteen people. Obviously, the competition for the Thor Scroll will be more intense.