Chapter Vol 2 803: bold guess

"Gulugulu." Bubbles continued to be born, and then the stench became more intense in the swamp.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned. It was obvious that in this swampy area, many strong people had already been buried, so that such a foul smell could be emitted.

"Ouch..." Naturally, Leng Fuyao had never seen such a disgusting scene and smell, so he couldn't help but take a sip...

"Are you alright?" Qin Xin asked immediately upon seeing this.

"It's alright, it's just that in this swampy area, it seems..." Leng Fuyao took a few breaths, improved a lot, and then spoke.

Because Leng Fuyao discovered that the smell in this swamp area seemed to be stirring something, and there was a faint burnt smell in the smell. I wondered if it was his own illusion.

"According to Song Yue's news, here is the specific location of the Second Yiquan of Life and Death. As long as we defeat this guardian, then we can also directly enter the Second Yiquan of Life and Death."

"The Second Yiquan of Life and Death, that's a good thing." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something, when he thought of the method he gave him based on the hated old monster, plus the mysterious effect of the second Yiquan of life and death, it could solve the problem of lack of vitality in his body. Xiao Yan smiled slightly at the mysterious matter.

"Don't be too happy, there are already a lot of powerhouses around here, and there are six or seven powerhouses at the level of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor alone. I'm afraid it won't be so easy." Xiu Qi immediately poured a basin of cold water. road.

"And looking at the appearance of other people, it is obvious that Song Yue has some doubts about Song Yue's words. Song Yue is the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. If this kind of strength is powerless to the guardian, I am afraid that other people who are not strong enough to be the Seven Star Dou Emperor will even dare not dare. It's moving." Mu Yingying followed Xiao Yan quite a few times, naturally she had some unique insights.

"It seems that they are all waiting for others to do something..."

"It's really a bunch of guys who are sitting still." Xiao Yan felt a lot of powerful auras above the trees in the swamp area, but no one had the intention to do something, so he said immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"These guys, no one actually took action..." Song Yue returned to the base camp, feeling that no one of the surrounding powerhouses took action, and immediately said.

"The guy in the swamp is extremely powerful. I'm afraid they have vaguely discovered it, so they are reluctant to do it." Feng Hong heard the words and said immediately.

Feng Hong and Du Chun had fought against the guy in the swamp before, but what surprised them was that the guy seemed to be in the swamp and would not leave. Every shot was under the cover of the swamp. , but even so, the strength of that guy made the two suffer a lot.

"I can't wait like this, the things here are over, get the token to open Guanghan Island, and the more precious things are still on Guanghan Island, you must give them more material!" Qi Haoran's pupils flickered a little. Vicious, then without hesitation, the dazzling power of life in his hand directly attacked the swamp!

They also had some battles with the guardians of the swamp area, and they naturally knew that doing so would only anger the guardians!

"Ow!" With Qi Haoran's terrifying shot down into the swamp, a terrifying roar suddenly sounded.

Then the calm swampy land stirred violently!

"Under the swamp, there is something!" Leng Fuyao immediately felt that something was swimming fast in the swamp, and then suddenly spoke up.

"asshole!"

"You will anger that guy by doing this, we all have to die!" Feng Hong shouted at Qi Haoran when he saw this.

The strength of the guardians in the swamp area is extremely terrifying, so irritated, I am afraid that the people here are in danger.

"That grandson did a good job!"

"Bad luck!" With the anger of the guardian in the swamp area, there were bursts of dissatisfaction all around.

"Only in this way will they take action, otherwise if they wait like this, I'm afraid..." Qi Haoran disagreed. Anyway, since ancient times, someone has to be a bad person. If they can achieve their goals, why not be a bad person?

"Strange, how could this guy make me feel a familiar wave..." Not long after, Xiao Yan was about to make a move, but he felt a familiar aura from the constantly stirring swamp.

"I feel it too."

"It seems that this guy in the swamp has about the same strength as us..." Mu Yingying said the same.

"Hot, flame, fire attribute..."

"Could it be..." Xiao Yan murmured, but his eyes and soul power suddenly went to the guardian in the swamp!

It is said that the fire of life and death is where the vicious old monsters are, and this second Yiquan of life and death is occupied by the vicious old monsters.

In addition to that guy in the swamp area, his strength and fire attributes are very similar, these kinds of things have to make Xiao Yan think more.

"I'll go down and have a look!" I had an idea in my heart and said immediately.

If the guardian below really has the fire of life and death, I am afraid that this time, the two Yiquan of life and death will kill two birds with one stone.

"Be careful, if there is something wrong, just retreat, that guy is very strong." Yueru said slightly, relying on the mystery of the inheritance rune, Yueru could clearly feel the horror of the strength of the guardian below.

"It is said that the fire of life and death was born from a certain kind of magical beast. I don't know if it is the one below..." Xiao Yan finished speaking, the splendid Emperor Yan flames flickered all over his body, and then blasted away directly from the trees to the swamp. !

"Someone entered!"

"Someone has shot!" Following Xiao Yan's shot there was a burst of excitement around them. They knew that if no one shot, they might not escape the end of destruction in the end.

"Xiao Yan?" Wudu and Linzhu two women stood in a tree, just thinking about what creatures were in the swamp, but saw a figure wrapped in flames swept directly into the swamp.

"Xiao Yan?"

"This guy is so afraid of death?" When Qi Haoran saw this, he immediately felt that the aura belonged to Xiao Yan, and immediately laughed.

"Hehe, not everyone is as greedy for life and fear of death as you are." Du Chun saw Xiao Yan directly entering the swamp. Although he admired Xiao Yan's courage, he couldn't help but feel worried.

Because when Du Chun fought with the guy in the swamp area before, he found that the guy's attribute seems to be fire attribute, and his strength is strong, which makes people afraid.

"This guy, did you find anything?" As a girl, Hong Qian always felt that Xiao Yan's action was not accidental, but a huge discovery.

"Since he made a move, let's just wait for the good news."

"I hope this guy won't let us down." Seeing this, Song Yue opened his mouth slightly. As for Xiao Yan, Song Yue knew that this guy's true strength was probably enough to compete with him!

And with Xiao Yan's shot, the surroundings suddenly became quiet, and they were all expecting Xiao Yan to defeat the Guardian, thus giving them a chance to enter the Spring of Life and Death!