Chapter Vol 4 1182: Yugan who was devoured by the fighting spirit

"Shabu Shabu!" An attack similar to that of the flaming giant tiger emerged from the void, and then hit it without a trace.

"Hoohoho!" The flame giant was an energy body that the black-faced tiger condensed using its own power of fighting immortals. It was hit by such a tyrannical blow and couldn't help but let out a heart-piercing roar. Its energy phantom is also more and more scattered, as if it will disappear at any time!

"Break it for me!" Bai He also knew that this flaming giant tiger was no trivial matter, and naturally he would not give it a chance. A silver halo appeared all over his body, and he patted his palm gently, and an indescribable force of space swept away. !

"Bang bang bang!" The flaming giant tiger was messed up by Bai He's force just now, but now he was struck by Bai He again, and his body was in the sky, turning into clouds all over the sky, everywhere. Scattered.

"You flaming giant tiger is not as terrifying as the rumors say." Bai He lightly wiped out the flaming giant tiger, then his eyes narrowed and he said to the black-faced tiger.

"Bai He, Xiu wants to be mad!" Seeing this, the black-faced tiger couldn't help roaring. This flaming giant tiger can be said to be his trump card. Being wiped out by Bai He so easily is enough to show the gap between him and Bai He.

"Show your true strength, otherwise the next attack will be your death." The white crane was in mid-air, and the silver halo scattered him, looking like a gentleman.

"Hoohoho!" Baihe's voice just fell, and suddenly above him, a roar like a fierce beast sounded slowly.

"What's going on?" Hearing this heart-piercing roar, the strong men below couldn't help but stare, because the roar alone made the fighting spirit in their bodies a little bit of fear!

"Soul body?" And being yelled at like this, Xiao Yan's eyes also slowly shifted to the figure in the sky.

Due to his gaze, he saw Yu Gan's figure exuding the power of red thunder, and even outside the body, the phantom of the Blood Sky Demon Ape slowly entangled it. As for the phantom of the fighting soul, then It is densely covered with countless soul powers!

"What the **** is going on?" Seeing this, Bai He couldn't help frowning. He didn't have time to deal with the black-faced tiger, his figure flashed, and he collided with Yu Gan directly.

"Could it be that it was the method of Soul Wuya just now?" Xiao Yan boldly guessed.

"It seems that the powerhouses of their ghost kingdom do have an indescribable relationship with the soul clan." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering.

Not only the attack method of the soul lock just now, but even the attack method of such a huge soul body, which is a powerful symbol of the relationship between their soul clan and the kingdom of ghosts.

"Hahaha."

"Yugan, I didn't expect you to have today."

"Bai He, I'll see how you choose." The black-faced tiger couldn't help laughing when he saw Yu Quan's sudden appearance with an aura of a beast on his body.

This feather has now been completely transformed into a beast that only knows how to kill, without the slightest human emotion, it has been counterattacked by the blood sky demon, and before adding such a huge soul body power, its strength has reached three stars. The level of the early stage of Dou Xian!

Moreover, this three-star Dou Xian early stage is not an ordinary three-star Dou Xian early stage. He not only possesses the power of the fighting spirit, but also has the nourishment of the soul body. will fall here.

"Humph."

"Black-faced tiger, don't be too happy too soon."

"Everyone, entangle them with me, and I will deal with this feather." After Baihe finished speaking, the power of the surrounding silver space slowly flickered.

"Hoohoho!" Seeing Baihe attacking him in the sky, Yugan didn't seem to have any sense of defense, but let the power of Baihe's space hit his phantom.

"Bang bang bang!" Bai He's seemingly tyrannical strike hit the phantom of the Blood Sky Demon Ape, but he didn't have any chance of winning. Bai He felt as if he had hit an indestructible stone. .

"What a tough defense." Bai He instantly stepped back and distanced himself from Yugan, thinking about how to deal with it.

The power used by Bai He just now is not bad. In addition to the power of space, I am afraid that it is no problem to deal with some strong people. However, on hitting the phantom of the Blood Sky Demon Ape, the extremely strong skin is what makes Bai He heart. A shock.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hoohoho!" Seeing Bai He's instant retreat, Yu Quan was not to be outdone, and burst out with rage like a soul beast, then raised his palm and slammed towards the position where Bai He left!

At that time, a terrifying beam of red thunder flashed across the void in an instant and attacked the white crane.

"Not good!" And Bai He's figure had just retreated, and it was when he was weak. At this time, it was undoubtedly too late to deal with the attack.

"Boom boom boom!" Bai He is worthy of being a battle-hardened expert. Seeing that he couldn't avoid the red thunder, he instantly shrouded the power of space as many as ten layers.

Although he knew that these ten layers of defense could not completely dissipate the attack of the Red Thunder, it could more or less weaken some of its power.

"Move the ruler!" At this moment, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the dark, moved!

He took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him, and the power of the two kinds of blue and yellow holy flames suddenly swept out, and then the figure swept away, whistling away at the red thunder.

"Boom boom boom!" The different fire constant ancient ruler, which exudes an incomparably holy breath, just touched the red thunder beam, and the red thunder beam suddenly showed signs of being swallowed up.

"Xiao Yan?" At this critical moment, Bai He's expression also became wonderful.

"Get out of here!" Xiao Yan was struggling to cope with the red thunder beam and shouted at Bai He.

"Okay." Bai He heard the words, his figure moved and left the sky in an instant, returning to the ground.

"It's too reluctant to move the ruler of the ~ According to my current strength, I should only be able to remove the attacks of those who are one tier higher than me. It's me." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly as he saw that the red thunder and yellow had the faint momentum of suppressing his own strange fire and ancient ruler.

"Boom boom boom!" Just as I had a plan in my heart, the space squirmled, and the space teleportation formation appeared. As soon as the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire Eternal was put away, he directly entered it without looking back.

If Xiao Yan at this time was to deal with this Yugan who was being devoured by the fighting spirit, it would be tantamount to death.

The red thunder beam just lost Xiao Yan's confrontation, and suddenly roared away towards a small hill behind the crowd.

"Crackling!"

"Zizi!" The red thunder beam with the power of destruction, just touched the hill, and immediately turned into the overwhelming power of thunder, first completely paralyzing it, and then with a sudden sound, the photo instantly turned into powder!

"It's so strong..." Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he saw such destructive power. Obviously, if it wasn't for the short-distance space teleportation formation handprint, I'm afraid Xiao Yan's situation just now would be in jeopardy.

"Dead City Lord, if you don't come out, I'm afraid all of us here will have to be buried with this fighting soul." Xiao Yan's voice slowly sounded, and then he looked at a void in the sky.

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, many of the powerhouses present all looked at him. They actually found that there was something hidden in the void!

End of this chapter