Chapter 251: 12 evil soldiers in the ghost world!

With the appearance of these mysterious runes, a sky-piercing green light appeared in the space, and Xiao Yan could also clearly feel it. At this time, the extremely strong ghost energy on the woman in white in this space also avoided her!

It seems that he is very afraid of the pure aura released from this soul-suppressing jade tablet!

However, Xiao Yan didn't look at the mysterious runes around the Soul Requieming Jade Monument, which were just some illusory things after all, but looked at his left hand.

"Shabu Shabu!"

Because under the perception of Xiao Yan's huge soul power, after the jade tablet released sky-high light and transformed into many mysterious runes, it also dimmed, and then a stream of light also flew towards Xiao Yan's left hand.

That stream of light just strung into Xiao Yan's palm, Xiao Yan also trembled as if he had been electrocuted!

Moreover, in Xiao Yan's body, with the stream of light strung into his hand, Xiao Yan's huge soul power also swelled violently, as if encountering some fatal danger!

"Stop it for me!" Xiao Yan was also immediately furious. This soul power was related to his own safety, so he had to treat it with dignity.

As Xiao Yan tried his best to suppress, the violent soul power gradually subsided.

It's just that in a place called Najing in the deepest part of Xiao Yan's body, a tiny flame seed also has an extremely terrifying power that is slowly awakening, but after Xiao Yan suppressed the violent soul power It is also fleetingly quiet.

"Huhu..." Xiao Yan was also shocked, obviously stunned by the sudden scene of this soul-suppressing jade tablet. If he hadn't had the power of both soul power and spiritual power, then he would not be able to cope with this violent soul power. Method.

Obviously the change just now was caused by that stream of light, but it's all right now. After Xiao Yan wiped off a little sweat, Xiao Yan also came back to his senses.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Then he looked at the jade tablet in front of him. At this time, the jade tablet seemed to have lost all its power. It was gray and dead.

"Damn!"

"What's in this soul-suppressing jade tablet..." Xiao Yan felt the soul-suppressing jade tablet turned to ashes, and he also understood that the soul-suppressing jade tablet was no different from ordinary stones at this time, but where did the things in it go? …

"The palm of your hand?" Xiao Yan also suddenly remembered.

Xiao Yan raised his palm, and at this moment, a rather mysterious pattern appeared on the center of Xiao Yan's originally white left hand.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan also looked at it curiously.

Xiao Yan held a rather mysterious rune in his hand. The pattern was exactly an inch long jade rune, but the two ancient words "soul eater" were clearly displayed on it.

At the moment when this rune appeared, Xiao Yan also vaguely discovered that the ghost energy in the entire space was also dispersed invariably. Obviously, he was very afraid of the rune in Xiao Yan's palm!

The jade talisman in Xiao Yan's palm shone with emerald green light, just like it was engraved on Xiao Yan's palm, very vivid!

"This is…"

"Soul Eater Talisman!"

Above Xiao Yan's head, there was also the shocking sound of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, he also stepped down from the Nine Soul Monument and came to Xiao Yan, and then stared at the mysterious green rune in Xiao Yan's palm...

"Master, this is..." Xiao Yan also questioned.

But the only thing I could feel was that this emerald-green rune, which was deeply imprinted on Xiao Yan's palm, exuded an extremely terrifying aura.

The aura is eerie and eerie, and it seems to have the exact same nature as a ghost!

This made Xiao Yan the most surprised!

Xiao Yan knows the terrifying level of this ghost qi, but if he is careless...

"Don't panic, this rune is a good thing..." The Golden Dragon King also said with a smile looking at the rune in Xiao Yan's palm.

"This rune in your hand, if I guess correctly, should be the ghost soldier in the ghost world - the Soul Eater Talisman!" The deep voice of the Golden Dragon King also echoed in this space.

"Yes, this thing is the Soul Eater Talisman!" There was also the voice of the Nine Soul Monument in the space.

"I didn't expect to meet it here. It seems that you have a good relationship with it, Xiao Yanzi..." The Golden Dragon King said with emotion.

"Since this is the choice of the soul-suppressing jade tablet, then I won't interfere..." Jiuhun tablet shook its head and said.

"The rest is up to you, I have to deal with the twin ghost emperors..." After the Nine Souls Monument finished speaking, it also ignored Xiao Yan, and then looked at the woman in white who was constantly surrounded by ghosts in midair.

"Yeah." The Golden Dragon King said, and then slowly descended to Xiao Yan's side.

"Evil soldier?"

"Soul Eater Talisman?" Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, obviously puzzled by these unfamiliar words.

"Hehe, don't worry, since this Soul Eater Talisman has been subdued by you, then I will tell you slowly." The Golden Dragon King said slowly.

"The ghosts in the ghost world basically have ghosts, and the attributes of ghosts are gloomy and weird, so we call the magic weapons in the ghost world evil soldiers."

"There are a total of twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world, each of which contains the power of terrifying ghost energy. Even in our human world, these twelve evil soldiers are well-known."

"And the rune in your hand is the soul-devouring rune that is famous in the ghost world!" Jin Long said without any rush.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also thought deeply.

Obviously, the power of the twelve evil soldiers in this ghost world is definitely not trivial!

However, at this time, Xiao Yan was not excited, and some were deeply concerned, because of the terrifying power contained in this rune in his hand, it was exactly the same as a ghost...

If I use it for a long time, will my mind be contaminated by this evil soldier...

"You can rest assured. Although this Soul Eater Talisman is an evil soldier in the ghost world, it contains extremely terrifying ghost energy, but it will not affect you in the slightest." The Golden Dragon King belongs to Xiao Yan after all. Shizu, Xiao Yan's worries were all in sight, so he said.

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also surprised, because Xiao Yan clearly felt the terrifying ghost in his hand, and with his current self, he could handle it...

"Because you have soul power and spiritual power..."

"What's more important is that the strange fire on your body also has a very strong restraint on this ghost."

"Although you didn't realize it, when this Soul Eater Talisman entered your palm, it was madly pouring into your body, trying to devour you..."

"But it was madly resisted by the strange fire in your body." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also suddenly stunned. Could it be that when the stream of light above the Soul-Suppressing Jade Monument attacked him, the power of the soul in his body vibrated violently. That was the reason.

"Although this Soul Eater Talisman ranks only tenth in the ghost world, its power is no trivial matter!"

"Because it can devour all souls."

"In other words, this Soul Eater Talisman is the biggest nemesis of all soul bodies!" The Golden Dragon King laughed.

Ask for tickets!