Chapter 93: Heal the root!

The three of them came to the Yue Family Mansion after a short while from the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains. Then they entered through the back door of the family and went straight to the family hall in order to prevent people from seeing them.

"Yue'er, you should take little friend Xiao Yan to rest first. In addition, little friend Xiao Yan is an alchemist. If you need any medicinal materials, just ask." Yue Yu came to the family and spoke slowly and comfortably.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan also clasped his fists towards Yue Yu, and without hesitation, took out a piece of white paper from the hall and wrote some medicinal herbs needed for healing on it.

Now is not the time to be polite, and the injury must be healed as soon as possible so that Qing Yuan's matter can be resolved.

Yueyu picked up the white paper and looked at it, and found that these medicinal materials were not too precious, and then frowned, the better the healing medicine, the medicinal materials needed for refining are also very precious, Xiao Yan...

"Well, let's go." Yueru also whispered to her father, and then helped Xiao Yan to slowly walk outside. If Xiao Yan's current injury is not treated in time, it will be at the root of the disease.

"Come here, immediately prepare all the medicinal materials on this white paper and send them to Xiao Yan!"

"Also, take out the 'healing root' in the family and send it to Xiao Yan." Yue Yu also saw Xiao Yan and her daughter disappear from her field of vision, and called out to an old man sitting in the hall. waved.

"Patriarch, this is absolutely impossible!" An old man who looked a little old said in horror.

"The medicinal herbs on this white paper are fine, but 'healing the spiritual root' is absolutely impossible!" The old man took the white paper and looked at it, said solemnly.

"Patriarch, do you know how much we paid for this 'healing spiritual root', this is an elixir that is comparable to some low-level healing techniques of the angel family, known as the flesh and bones of the living dead, how could it be so casually given What about a stranger?" The old man said angrily, obviously the value of this so-called 'healing spiritual root' is quite precious.

"Hahaha, Third Elder, I think you are old and confused."

"Although I don't know the identity of this kid, but at a young age, he was able to possess the wonders of the world like a fire elf, and even if I look at his flame, it is definitely not an ordinary flame."

"Also, he is a first-order imperial pharmacist!"

"It's not something he can have alone. If there is no backing behind him..." Yue Yu said that he didn't continue talking here.

As the head of the family, Yue Yu naturally has to consider the entire family. If nothing else, Xiao Yan's own alchemist skills are enough for their Yue family to show their affection. After all, a first-rank imperial pharmacist can Much more valuable than these elders!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How could it be possible..." The old man also shrank his pupils tightly, obviously shocked. An alchemist of the first rank of Emperor Rank is enough to be on an equal footing with him, not to mention that he is also carrying a wonder of the world such as a fire elf.

"It's the old man's clumsy eyes..." The old man's eyes dimmed, and he took the white paper to prepare the medicinal materials.

"Third elders, remember that this Xiao Yan will always be the noble of our Yue family."

"Heal the noble person who has a dark disease in me." Yue Yu also said in a tone.

"I see." The old man known as the third elder was also an old fox, and immediately understood the meaning of the patriarch's words.

"I'm also curious that you will reach various levels, the owner of the fire elf..." Yue Yu looked at the distant sky with deep eyes and muttered to herself.

With the help of Yueru, Xiao Yan entered the secret room to retreat to heal his wounds. This time, he fought Wu Huan, although he almost killed the opponent, he was prevented by the man in the black cloak, and Wu Huan escaped. But his injuries were not light.

In the backyard of the Yue Family, in a quiet secret room, the inlaid moonstone on the wall exudes a faint light, driving out all the darkness in the secret room. The warm light shines on Xiao Yan, who is sitting cross-legged on the bed with his eyes closed for healing. on the body.

"Xiao Yan, the herbs are ready. I'll put them at the entrance of the cave and you can pick them up. If you need anything, you can tell me at any time." Yue Ru's extremely gentle voice came from the entrance of the cave.

"Um."

Xiao Yan also got up and went to get the medicinal materials. Although these are not too precious medicinal materials, with Xiao Yan's current medicine refining skills, he can also heal his injuries very quickly.

"Hey, it's actually a 'healing spiritual root'?" Xiao Yan just picked up the bronze jade plate containing the medicinal materials, and the sound of surprise from his master, the Golden Dragon King, came from inside the ring.

"Huh?" Hearing that, Xiao Yan also looked down at the jade bottle in his hand, and was fascinated by the bronze plate.

I saw that apart from the medicinal materials Xiao Yan asked for, a pure white as jade branch lay quietly on it, and it couldn't help exuding a very gentle power.

"Healing spiritual roots?"

"Yes, this is the root of healing, which is similar to the healing power of the angel family. The medicinal materials of the angel family are known as the holy medicine for healing."

"I didn't expect that the Yue family not only has the inheritance of the light of the moon, but also has such a rare healing spiritual root. It seems that the Yue family has a very strong background..." The Golden Dragon King also muttered to himself.

"You don't need the other herbs, just put them away. It's enough to have this healing spiritual root."

"Use your flame to refine it!" The Golden Dragon King also smiled slightly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also summoned a milky white flame, and then took the medicinal material called Healing Spirit Root into his hand.

The milky white flame just touched the healing root, and the healing root turned into a stream of the purest liquid and slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's hand.

"Direct absorption!" said the Golden Dragon King Zaidu. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"This power seems to be somewhat the same as the one radiated from Qing Yuan before..." Staring at the pool of liquid on his palm, Xiao Yan frowned slightly.

There was nothing to think about, so he had to do it, and then took a deep breath, and the pure white liquid entered his mouth.

The liquid had just entered the mouth, and the terrifying power nourished the whole body. Xiao Yan's depleted body was instantly replenished. Xiao Yan was overjoyed, and immediately closed his eyes and absorbed the most wonderful power.

Time passed by minute by minute.

Xiao Yan's breathing also gradually became extremely peaceful, maintaining a perfect cyclical rhythm between exhales and inhales, and every time he completed his breathing, the space around him would fluctuate slightly, and immediately a rather vigorous streak would appear. The energy of heaven and earth is poured into the limbs from the mouth along the breath.

The power of the healing spirit root poured into Xiao Yan's body continuously, and the latter's body was like a bottomless pit that couldn't be filled. No matter how the energy was poured, it never overflowed.

The quiet cultivation and healing lasted for an unknown time, but at a certain moment, when the paleness on Xiao Yan's face was completely replaced by a healthy rosy, the fluctuations in the space around his body slowly disappeared...

As the wave disappeared, Xiao Yan's eyelashes suddenly trembled. After a while, he finally slowly opened his tightly closed eyes. In the pair of pitch-black eyes, milky white flames surged up and quickly disappeared.

"Huh..."

"This thing is really amazing."

Ask for a monthly pass!