Chapter Vol 4 1243: rushed to the rescue

Broken Soul Cave.

This is a cave with a complex terrain. There are countless undulating dark passages and some sharp stones in the cave, which make this cave quite peculiar.

"Third young master, that little girl Yuwei, Deacon Ye has already brought someone to hunt him down, I believe there will be no problem." Several figures in blue clothes said directly to an imposing man in front of him.

This group of figures is impressively the current Kuyezhai people in Yecheng, and the leader is Ye Sheng, the third young master in Kuyezhai, a strong man who has reached the late two-star fighting immortal stage.

Originally, this Yecheng was the world of their Kuyezhai, but unfortunately, a rain sect appeared halfway, thus dividing the fertile land of Yecheng into half, but unfortunately the fighting strength of the two forces is similar, Kuyezhai can only secretly To deal with Yuzong, I dare not come forward.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yuwei's strength is only in the early stage of 2-star Dou Xian, and Deacon Ye's strength is in the middle stage of 2-star Dou Xian. In addition to Yuwei's poisoning, her strength is greatly reduced, so it shouldn't be difficult to catch her." Ye Sheng said slightly.

"Third Young Master, I searched all over the Broken Soul Cave, but I couldn't find Yu Ran Ran." After a while, a few more people walked up slowly and said to Ye Sheng.

"Strange, these Yuzong sisters went out to find materials for repairing the space teleportation formation, but we Kuyezhai's undercover in Yuzong told us that their whereabouts were undoubtedly exposed, but how..."

"Come on, seal up the entire Broken Soul Cave for me!"

"They are highly poisoned and have no food, so I don't believe how long they can last." Ye Sheng has an extremely sharp mind, and he was aware of the reason in just an instant.

"Yes!" Everyone heard the words and scattered away.

"Hey, Yu Ran Ran, when my father proposed to you, Yu Zong, if you married me, there would not be so much trouble..."

"Our Yecheng Kuyezhai's reputation is not comparable to a foreign family like you."

"And that girl Yuwei, when I capture you, you must have a good time..."

"Hehehe." There was no one around, and gloomy laughter slowly came out.

At this time, in a very dark and hidden place in the Broken Soul Cave, several figures appeared here.

"Sister Ran Ran, are you alright?" In the darkness, a man asked Yu Ran Ran with the help of the luster of the spar in the Sisi cave.

"I... I'm fine." Yu Ran Ran bit Bei's lips at this time, her face was pale, and her whole body was quite uncomfortable, but she said forcibly calmly.

"These crumbs, our Yuzong went out to find materials for repairing the space formation, only the high-level members of our Yuzong knew, how can this guy from the Dry Leaf Zhai seem to have known it for a long time, after we obtained the materials, shot and killed? "A dark figure shouted directly.

This man is impressively the vice-captain of this team, Yufeng, a strong man who is also in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian.

"Captain Yu, I think there may be traitors from Kuye Zhai in our Yu Sect. This time, when we go back, we must investigate carefully." Yu Ran Ran opened his mouth.

"Now Duanhun Cave is surrounded by people from Kuyezhai, and although Yuwei escaped, she was chased by Deacon Ye, I'm afraid..." The next moment, Yufeng's face also became gloomy.

Their team consisted of twenty people at the beginning. Among them, Yu Feng and Yu Ran Ran, two of the late two-star Douxian powerhouses, took the lead. They could also walk sideways near Yecheng, but they were getting the repair space teleportation array. On the way home from the legal materials, the people in Kuyezhai unknowingly gave him poison.

Although the poison is not deadly, it limits their strength more and more as time goes on.

After being poisoned, fortunately they discovered it in time. Before the medicinal power was dissipated, a battle broke out between Yuzong and Kuyezhai's men, and they escaped into the Broken Soul Cave. Let their Yuzong troops suffer heavy losses.

"Yufeng, how many people do we have now?" After a while, Yu Ran Ran seemed to think of something and asked.

"Sister Ran Ran, we have only ten people now, and the two-star fighting immortals are only you and me, and the others are all one-star fighting immortals."

"But the Kuyezhai men and horses that killed us were full of two late-stage two-star Douxian powerhouses, and the poison on our bodies, in a one-on-one situation, I'm afraid they won't be their opponents."

"At most, the two of us will join forces to stop one of them..." Yufeng said gloomily.

"I'll show up for a while to attract everyone's attention in Kuyezhai. You go back first with the materials for repairing space transmission."

"As long as the space teleportation can be repaired, this trip will not be in vain." Yu Ran Ran seemed to have made a decision and said directly.

"no!"

"Sister Ran Ran, Ye Sheng, the third young master of Kuye Zhai, has a notorious reputation. If you are captured by him, she might do something shameful to her."

"I absolutely disagree with this matter." Although Yufeng was gentle, he protested directly in the face of Yu Ran Ran's instructions.

In the Rain Sect, Yu Ran Ran has always been a steward-like existence, worried about the big and small matters within the sect, and is extremely easy-going.

"This is an order!" Seeing Yufeng's disapproval, Yu Ran Ran hurriedly spoke.

"Sister Ran, needless to say, Yuzong can do without us, but not without you."

"Don't worry On the day we joined Rain Sect, we already had our consciousness."

"I and the rest of my brothers are responsible for attracting their attention. Sister Ran, you should take the materials and leave first." Yufeng laughed, but his voice was filled with a taste of life and death. Yufeng For Yu Ran, it is not only a heart of admiration, but also a kind of protection.

Although Yufeng has good strength, but his status is low, I am afraid that he will not be able to marry Yu Ran Ran in this life, but for Yufeng, even if he can't have it, protection is a kind of love in disguise.

"right……"

"I agree too." Yufeng's voice just fell, and the other subordinates around him nodded.

"You guys..." Yu Ran Ran couldn't help being dumbfounded by the actions of the others.

"Who?" Before everyone could act, their voices were discovered.

Yu Ran's delicate body exploded instantly, and then suddenly attacked the Kuye Zhai disciple who was in charge of patrolling.

"Pfft." The disciple of Kuyezhai was directly obliterated by Yu Ran Ran, but in that hand, a loud arrow shot up into the sky, and the loud sound directly filled the dark space.

"Damn, the strength is too obvious, it's still a step too late." Yu Ran Ran's face was extremely pale, and she hid the body of this Kuye Zhai disciple, and said slightly.

"Yu Ran Ran, it can be considered that I have found you." The sound was naturally discovered by Ye Sheng and his party, and then the figure swept away, facing the place where the sound was heard.