Chapter Vol 4 2043: Refine the Sealing Purple Demon Pill!

"If you're ready and choose a prescription, let's get started."

"By the way, the medicinal pills you refined this time do not need to be returned to the Alchemist Association after the end of the assessment. They can be included in your pocket. We will not interfere. This is also the privilege for alchemists whose rank is higher than the rank of Immortal Rank 5 and above. One of them." Feng Lao did not forget to say to Xiao Yan.

"It's so good..." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing when he heard the words, this Alchemist Association is really rich and rich, no wonder that countless people have to come to participate in the ceremony of the Medicine Clan, and the relationship has so many benefits.

Although the immortal-level sixth-grade heaven-level prescription and three medicinal materials are replicas, their value may not be measured by money. In the eyes of alchemists, this kind of prescription is hard to find, and its value is even higher than that of immortality. On the fighting skill scroll.

"It's decided, I'll choose Feng Zi Yao Dan." Xiao Yan looked extremely determined. After taking a breath, he held the simple and yellowed scroll in his palm, feeling the terrifying depression, and couldn't help but say.

"Okay."

"The examination begins."

"But I have to remind you in advance, don't try to be careful during the assessment process. Your every move will be under my supervision. If you have other thoughts, I'm afraid this assessment will only end in failure." Feng Lao He said lightly, but he was still quite surprised by Xiao Yan.

It is extremely difficult to refine the Fengzi Yaodan of the 6th rank of immortal rank. Even for her, under the three medicinal materials, the success rate is probably less than 40%. She has some expectations and wants to see how confident this guy is. , and even if it fails, it is also a kind of training for Xiao Yan, she thought.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan nodded lightly, without hesitation, the dazzling soul power was released and attacked all the scrolls. Naturally, this was to understand some important information in the prescription, so that he could do it. .

Ten minutes later, Xiao Yan opened his eyes slowly. Now that he has fully understood all the prescriptions, he can start refining.

"Fire!" Fen Jue started to run in Xiao Yan's body, and waves of boiling surging meanings emerged. It seemed that under the interaction of Sheng Yan and Fen Jue, Fen Jue also slowly responded to Xiao Yan, and waited until Xiao Yan stepped in. During the Eight Star Fighting Immortals or Samsara, he will be cultivated in the six realms of Fen Jue, and at that time he will be regarded as the number one person in ancient and modern times.

"This is?"

"Holy Flame?" Feng Lao saw that the amber flame in front of Xiao Yan was easily under Xiao Yan's control, and directly transformed into a giant flame in the void in front of him. The terrifying temperature contained in it actually made this small world tremble slightly. Get up, can't help losing your voice!

As a high-level pharmacist, his perception of flames is extremely sensitive. Xiao Yan's body is extremely tyrannical and domineering, and it may be enough to rank the top fourteen holy flames on the holy flame list.

For the alchemist, the most important thing in refining medicine pills is the flame and medicine cauldron, similar to other soul powers, etc. are slightly weaker, and now Xiao Yan's five holy flames are fused to create a new flame, even because of this. A new source of holy flame has been released. With the current source of holy flame from Amber Rock Soul Fire, Xiao Yan is confident enough to compete with the late-stage Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

Of course, it only has the power of a single blow, but this was only realized by Xiao Yan after the end of the catastrophe of the ancient clan, and it has not been used before.

Furthermore, Xiao Yan is also quite helpless towards the medicinal cauldron. After all, there are too few medicinal cauldrons that can withstand the flame of the holy flame. I am afraid that only the medicinal cauldron in the legendary holy cauldron can do it, but Xiao Yan has no time to go. Looking for, over time, Xiao Yan also likes to directly use the holy flame to transform the flame medicine cauldron.

"It's really an astonishing little guy with endless means." At this moment, Feng Lao changed his previous contemptuous attitude, his eyes were extraordinarily solemn, and he didn't seem to want to miss any of Xiao Yan's actions, even carefully discerning Xiao Yan's flames. Composition, I want to tell which flower its holy flame is on the holy flame list.

The new holy flame formed by the fusion of five holy flames cannot be detected even by Feng Lao's experience.

"Heart is divided into three functions, Yun Tierui, Qianxue Lingzhi... and the neutralizing liquid!" Watching the flames rising in the Flaming Medicine Cauldron, the temperature finally reached a terrifying level, Xiao Yan put the three herbs among them. One pair is divided into three parts, and they are thrown into the giant flame cauldron in an orderly manner.

"Boom!" The three groups of medicinal materials were slowly shaken by Xiao Yan Shengyan's baking. Obviously, it would not be long before the first step of refining the medicinal materials would be completely completed.

"It's a good man who has three uses for his heart. He's really a terrifying guy." For Xiao Yan's move, even Feng Lao, who has always had a very high vision, couldn't help but admire him.

The mind is divided into three uses, not only requires extremely huge soul power, but even more stringent requirements for the control of flame and soul power, because three kinds of medicinal materials are extracted at the same time, if there is any problem with one of them, there is only one way to fail. .

However, Feng Lao did not find the slightest embarrassment from Xiao Yan, and even Xiao Yan was able to handle it with ease, quite relaxed.

"Huhu, your hands are a little rusty, let's slow down." The dazzling soul power controls the three groups of medicinal materials in the flaming cauldron. Once there is any uneven energy, Xiao Yan will immediately take action to stabilize his power. Therefore, in the hands of ordinary pharmacists, this medicinal material that is extremely difficult to refine and refine like a stubborn stone, in the hands of Xiao Yan, it is like a tame cat, and there is no resistance at all.

The fire of holy flame is so terrifying!

Once the time has passed, it will be ten days. In ten days, Xiao Yan still maintains the appearance of three uses. Even after ten days, he still can't see any qi deficiency. Obviously, this guy is bound to win this assessment. .

"Boom!" On the tenth day, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly opened, and he saw that the two core medicinal materials in the giant flame cauldron had been shattered A trace of cracks emerged from his body , The rich medicinal materials contain a huge amount of energy, and the neutralizing medicinal materials have already been transformed into a pool of emerald-colored liquid, which was quietly wrapped by the flame and stored in the huge flame cauldron.

"almost."

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan said slightly, and immediately waved his palm against the giant flame cauldron, and more dazzling and turbulent amber flames poured into it, turning into vicious snakes, opening their blood basins and facing the two cores. The medicinal herbs were bitten away.

"Kacha Kacha!" After a while, the two herbs didn't last long before they were completely melted away by Xiao Yan.

For a time, in the huge flame cauldron, the neutralizing medicinal liquid, the jade medicinal liquid, the gray liquid and the silver liquid formed by the two core medicinal materials, there was quite a three-legged situation.

"My good guy, it only took ten days, even with the credit of the holy flame, but this is the first time I have seen such a terrifying fire control technique, even those who are proud of the family, are not too conceited. ."

"But although the first step of extraction was successful, the next fusion is even Dan Lei, how are you doing?"

"The better the quality of the pills, the more dangerous the pills they have to endure." Feng Lao sometimes admired it, and sometimes laughed jokingly. It seemed that this guy named Xiao Yan made her calm heart, Facing unprecedented shock!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: