Chapter Vol 4 1434: The 4th beast robbery!

"Can you come with me now?" After watching the release of the attractive reward, both Xiao Yan and Mu Ge's expressions became hot, and the Earth Demon Bear just stared at Xiao Yan and said viciously.

This holy spring of the earth is expensive and quite miraculous. If it weren't for something in his body torturing him, I am afraid that the earth demon bear would be reluctant to use it as a reward.

"Don't worry." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly, and then a trace of soul power emerged.

"I have used my soul power to let the large army go first. After the two of us have settled here, we will go directly to the top of the Tianming Mountains to join them." Xiao Yan said to the pastoral song on the side.

"En." Pastoral nodded slowly.

"The top of the Tianming Mountains?"

"Could it be that you are participating in the Four Continents Competition?" Suddenly, the Earth Demon Bear asked in surprise.

"That's right." Xiao Yan nodded.

"Hmph, although you are cunning and cunning, if you really help me solve that thing in my body, I will give you a lot of help... After all, in the Tianming Mountain Range, it is the bridge connecting Tianming Mountain Villa."

"Come with me." As soon as he finished speaking, the Earth Demon Bear moved its huge body towards the virgin forest, and the figures of Xiao Yan followed closely. As for Lei Gu and Yuan Zong's The people and horses headed towards the top of the Tianming Mountain Range after receiving the voice transmission from Xiao Yan's soul.

"Crash!" The three of them walked away and came to the central part of the primeval forest.

"What a strong earth-attribute energy fluctuation..." Just came here, and suddenly found a huge cave pouring into the eyes of the two.

The entrance to the cave is about several feet in size, but at the edge, clumps of dark brown soil emerged, and in these soils, there is a very strong earth attribute energy, which decorates the entire cave quite beautiful.

"Go in... There is something special in my body, and I have to go to a quiet space." After thinking for a while, the body of the Earth Demon Bear suddenly shrank, and then turned into a human man, and entered the cave first. .

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as he poured into the cave, an overwhelming amount of energy continued to emerge from the depths.

"It seems that this cave is probably one of the few treasures in the Tianming Mountains. I can't believe that it is actually occupied by this earth demon bear." Xiao Yan said with a little pity.

"Tick tock!" Precious crystals can be seen everywhere in the cave. The crystals are of different colors and shimmering luster, illuminating the path of several people.

"Feng Lingjing?" After walking for a while, Xiao Yan's eyes were suddenly drawn away by some silver crystals on the walls around the cave. These crystals were placed on top of everyone's heads.

Feng Lingjing's overall appearance is silver, and a single piece of it exudes a weak force of confinement, but with that amount of force of confinement, even Xiao Yan can't help but frown.

"What's wrong?" Mu Ge has been following Xiao Yan, vigilant everywhere, and immediately noticed that Xiao Yan stopped walking in surprise, and hurriedly asked.

"It's nothing... let's go." The Earth Demon Bear walked at the forefront, naturally ignoring Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan also shook his head and said, and immediately followed.

However, Xiao Yan was extremely shocked at this time.

Feng Lingjing, this is a very special kind of crystal, it is quite precious, and the effect is extremely strange.

It can seal the power in the body of soul beasts and beasts.

And just now Xiao Yan glanced at it, and as he went deeper, the number of these spirit crystals became larger and larger, which made Xiao Yan vaguely feel that something was wrong.

"It's here." In an instant, everyone came to the depths of the cave, there was no way to go, and it was obvious that they had come to an end.

After a while, the earth devil bear man slowly opened his mouth, his palms wriggled, and some strange energy emerged, and then slowly merged into the soil around the cave. In an instant, a door of light emerged.

"Let's go!" After a while, the Earth Demon Bear grabbed Xiao Yan and the two of them and stepped into the door of light together.

"This is……"

"Spiritual Sealing Array?" And as the door of light wriggled, a jaw-dropping scene suddenly appeared.

Xiao Yan and Mu Ge saw that the void in front of them was a basin. Around the basin, dozens of special chains flashing with silver patterns were tightly connected to the bottom of the basin. In the sunken basin, tens of thousands of The calculated Feng Lingjing is eye-catching.

"The strength of this Earth Demon Bear... It turns out that it is not only the Samsung Dou Xian who has reached its peak!"

"It's... it's sealing its own power!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly understood something when he saw a strange body surrounded by chains in the center of the formation below the basin.

The breath on the body at the core is exactly the same as the breath of the Earth Demon Bear, which is obviously the power of the Earth Demon Bear, and he immediately realized it!

"You have some eyesight."

"After so many years, if I can get rid of this **** and take back all my power, I will also transform." The earth demon bear man slowly stared at his own source power in the basin below, and couldn't help but said.

"Boy, your soul is powerful, you should be an alchemist, so you should know about my current situation, right?" The next moment, looking at Xiao Yan who was shocked, the Earth Demon Bear laughed.

"Senior, this is... the strength has reached the limit, thus setting a seal to suppress his own power to escape the catastrophe?"

"The existence of this formation... in order to prevent the catastrophe?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered in horror.

"Heavenly Tribulation?" Hearing the words, Mu Ge was obviously confused.

"Heavenly Tribulation?"

"Do you humans call this a catastrophe..."

"This kind of thing, in the eyes of our soul beasts, is called beast robbery."

"All things are born. Although you humans are the most immortal, your lifespan is limited, while our soul beasts have a long lifespan, so they are envied by God and punished."

"Every time the strength breaks through the fighting immortal, starting from the one-star fighting immortal, every step over a rank will attract a beast calamity."

"This is why all things, even if they give up their whole body cultivation, want to turn into a human and re-cultivation, so as to completely get rid of this fate... Because once turned into a human, it is the same as a real human, and there is no need to experience the beast catastrophe. Torture, and the immortal battles that humans have experienced are nothing compared to our beast tribulations."

"Fighting Immortal Tribulation is tyrannical It can be said to be a life-and-death situation..."

"But the beast robbery...is the punishment of heaven for the long life of our soul beasts, but..."

"Ten dead have no life." The Earth Demon Bear stared at the dazzling source power below and spoke slowly, his voice filled with fear.

"And I... my body strength has broken through the four-star Dou Xian hundreds of years ago because of occupying this energy-rich treasure land. When I accepted the fourth beast robbery... I almost fell."

"In the end, relying on the means of life, I can only maintain my power at the peak of Samsung Dou Xian's perfection, and the remaining power is to suppress it."

"Although this is just to escape, the power of the fourth beast robbery is far from what I can handle." Earth Demon Bear said.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!