Chapter Vol 4 1081: Fiasco!

And as Xuanling Mountain is a more and more intense battle, even other powerhouses watching the battle have not noticed that a trace of quite hidden black gas has completely surrounded the foot of Xuanling Mountain. At this time, Xuanling Mountain has become a A huge black cage that can only be entered, but not out.

"how is the situation?"

"Can it be done?" At this time, at the foot of Xuanling Mountain, three figures quietly came here.

"To shut up."

"You're the only one who talks a lot." The man at the head was quite handsome, but compared to the man at the back, he was still a little less handsome.

"You're a big brother..." Xiao Yi couldn't help sneering when she saw Long Yi like this.

"Okay, you can come?" Long Yi said angrily.

"I'll come, I'll come!" And Xiao Yi couldn't get enough of it, so she went straight up the mountain, facing the black qi that surrounded Xuanling Mountain.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's better for me to do it, this thing is not that simple." After a while, seeing the two brothers beside him being so noisy, Xiao Yan took a step forward and said.

Since Xiao Yan left Fenxiang Pavilion in a rage, he went to the Xuanling Royal Family. He originally wanted to go directly to the Xuanling Royal Family to save Cailin and Mu Yingying, but he was too weak, and with the persuasion of the Lord of Soul Eater, a It took time to calm down, but later Xiaoyi, relying on the special connection with Xiao Yan, brought Long Yi to find Xiao Yan, and the three brothers were reunited.

"Big brother, you said that King Xuanling has a lot of ambitions."

"In the beginning, I just knew that this guy colluded with the ghost realm and the soul clan, but now it seems that the ghost realm and the soul clan are only his stepping stones."

"I actually want to devour two holy flames, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yi and Long Yi stood at the back, and Xiao Yi smiled slightly.

"Hmmmm." Long Yi heard the words and deliberately made some noises to signal to Xiao Yi, but unfortunately Xiao Yi didn't find out.

"Huhuhu." After a while, Xiao Yan directly used his khaki holy flame power to burn the black air into a gap large enough for people to pass through.

"Interesting, it's actually a combination of blood demon gold energy and ghost energy." The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan also said slightly.

"This is a dangerous journey. I have to rescue Cailin, Mu Yingying and his brother, and if necessary, completely wipe out the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan looked at the gap and said slightly, with an unquestionable firmness in his voice.

At the beginning, Long Yi and Xiao Yi, who were laughing and talking, both frowned when they heard the words.

If these words were said from someone else’s mouth, I’m afraid it would be no different from a dream. After all, a guy in the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor wants to get involved in the battle of Dou Xian level. The two have to pay attention.

Because the two of them both knew Xiao Yan's unequivocal character.

"Is there no room for manoeuvre?" Long Yi asked slightly.

"No...unless I die." Xiao Yan finished speaking, ignoring Xiaoyi and Long Yi at the rear, and jumped into it.

"Little guy, there is potential."

"It seems that the guy from the Golden Dragon King had long anticipated that today would happen."

"He said before he left that this time the real catastrophe of life and death can only depend on you."

"It's over, and the rebirth from ashes will soar into the sky... If it fails, I'm afraid it will also live up to our expectations for you."

"Come on, little guy." When Xiao Yan swept away Xuanling Mountain, the Soul Eater in his body also said softly.

"It looks like this time will be interesting."

"Third brother, let's go crazy with him once."

"Go." Long Yi and Xiao Yi both looked at each other, without the slightest fear, they stepped directly into it.

As Xiao Yan and the three entered Xuanling Mountain, the gap was closed again, and Xuanling Mountain was wrapped tightly. At the altar at the top of Xuanling Mountain, four shocking battles started slowly. .

"Damn." After the Sect Master of the Poison Sect received the blow from King Xuanling, he couldn't help but struggle.

The battle with King Xuanling just started, the Sect Master of Poison Sect relied on his own strength as a one-star Dou Xian perfection, and with the addition of Poison Fighting Qi, he had a faint momentum of suppressing King Xuanling, but as the battle got longer and longer, The Sect Master of the Poison Sect found that his advantages had gradually disappeared, and he had even fallen into a disadvantage.

"Hahaha."

"The mere Sect Master of the Poison Sect is nothing more than that!" King Xuanling laughed loudly, his speed soared, and the huge power of fighting immortals roared out from his palms, attacking the Sect Master of the Poison Sect without leaving any hands .

And the Sect Master of the Poison Sect can only defend temporarily. After all, if he were to use the poisonous body here, even King Xuanling would not be able to eat and walk around.

But the sect master of the Poison Sect knew that during the entire Xuansan three days, Fen Tian was probably the only one who knew how to rescue the Negative Poison Body, and now that Fen Tian was injured, if he solved the Negative Poison Physique here by himself, although he could completely win the battle, But I and Fentian, I am afraid that they have to be separated from each other.

Although the Sect Master of the Poison Sect already has this awareness, who doesn't want to stay with the person he loves for a long time?

"These bastards, the power in their body... is not right!" On the other side, Zhu Jin was also quite embarrassed by the attack of the eight dragon-loving legion. Jin has the title of Xuantian's No. 1 Dou Array Master, and if it was someone else, he would have already lost to one of the eight of them, but even so, Zhu Jin was quite difficult to deal with.

"The power in them... is not quite right."

"I have a good relationship with Qin Tian. Their strength is clearly mixed with some strength, and even their hearts have changed." Zhu Jin said to Shefu who was beside him.

Shefu's situation is also not optimistic. With his half-immortal strength, he can only passively defend against the Nine Star Dou Emperor.

"It seems that this time, you will definitely lose." In the last battle circle, Qin Tian narrowed his eyes slightly, staring at the other three battle circles, and said.

"So I have to defeat you in a short period of time to change the situation of the battle." The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion glanced slightly and found that the other three battles were all at a disadvantage, and even the always powerful Poison Sect Sect Master was defeated by Xuan Ling. The king's persecution gradually retreated, and said.

"Although your strength has reached the late one-star fighting immortal stage, and I am only one-star fighting immortal early stage, but you know why, you can't beat me directly in a short time?" Qin Tian's eyes exuded a rather terrifying fluctuation, staring at The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion said Oh? "

"Why is that?" The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion was also secretly shocked when he heard the words. Obviously, what Qin Tian said was the truth.

"My king, since the plan has already started, you don't need to keep it." At the next moment, Qin Tian called out loudly to King Xuanling who was beside him.

"Alright."

"This time, in fact, since you accepted the invitation from Xuanling, you have already lost." When Xuanling King heard the words, he also laughed out loud, broke free from the Poison Sect Sect Master in an instant, and then laughed wildly in the sky.

"This guy...isn't he crazy?" Dan Gui and other powerhouses asked in doubt when they saw this.

"The power of ghosts!"

"Return to your place." The next moment, the Xuanling King shouted at the entire sky, and in that sky, a strange cloud filled with black ghost energy and blood-red evil energy slowly emerged.

"The thunder of ghosts..."

"Kill me!" In the next moment, before the four Sect Masters of the Poison Sect could react, four black and red lightning beams with a size of hundreds of meters in the strange cloud shot towards the four of them.

In the black-red lightning beam, small and incomparably small evil runes slowly emerged with the power to devour and destroy everything.

"Pfft!" Before the four of them could react, a mouthful of blood suddenly spewed out, and then the figures fell to the ground and flew away!

Silence all over the place!

No accident these days should be the third watch, because the writing is relatively slow.