Chapter Vol 4 1998: Demon farm?

"This Liu Hao shouldn't be underestimated... Go directly to the second floor." After Xiao Yan left the stone room, he directly checked the place and found that there was no trace of Uncle Gu Yuan and others, so he could only shake his head, pinning his hopes on into the last second layer of the ancient prison.

The four layers of the ancient prison, let alone Xiao Yan, I am afraid that people who are stronger than Gu Qingkong and others do not know the secrets, but with each lower layer, the tremor in Xiao Yan's body deepens, and all the secrets are waiting for Xiao Yan to reveal.

"Tear it off!" After a few minutes, Xiao Yan arrived at the entrance on the third floor, but hesitated for a while.

Because the passage in front of him was shaped like a circle, like a black water curtain standing on the edge of the third floor of the ancient prison, and a strong evil aura faintly exuded from it, causing Xiao Yan to be electrocuted, his hairs standing on end.

"Never mind." Zaidu glanced behind him, jumped up, and fell into it.

The second floor of the ancient prison.

This place is different from what Xiao Yan imagined. There are no iron cages and iron gates that can be seen everywhere, and there are no prisoners. There is only a huge stone hall that is tightly closed. The entire space is given to Xiao, it seems that there is only one thing. Dead silence.

It's so quiet!

The quietness made Xiao Yan wonder if this place was the second floor of the ancient prison?

Even at a glance, there was no one in the empty prison, and there was no one patrolling the guards!

The dark blue stones encapsulated the second layer of the ancient prison so tightly that even Xiao Yan's soul power could not penetrate the slightest, it was too tight!

There were even waves of chills that involuntarily emerged into Xiao Yan's heart, suppressing Xiao Yan!

"Holy Yan." Looking at this scene, Xiao Yan's body flashed with amber soul rock fire, and now I am afraid that he can only force his way through.

"Hey." There was a sound, and there were mice, cockroaches, and centipedes crawling around in the cracks of the rocks. They all carried an indescribable evil energy on their bodies, which made Xiao Yan's expression congeal.

"Huhu." With the protection of the holy flame, Xiao Yan released the power of his soul. He was always vigilant about his surroundings. He gently pushed open the door of the stone hall and stepped into the hall one step at a time.

"This...this is?" Stepping into the hall, a shocking scene struck Xiao Yan's mind.

In the hall, it is a thousand meters in size, and it is as high as a loft. There are countless dark chains and countless cages inside the hall. A trace of blood overflows on the chains. Continue to devour their vitality.

Looking up, black chains and cages were intertwined, and in each cage was locked a dying figure.

At the bottom of the chain, there is a jade jar. Half of the blood has already been filled in the jade jar. That kind of blood is quite gloomy and cold, and even traces of black air linger, and the evil aura is outrageous!

"These are all living people..."

"Looking like this, it's either a prisoner or a person from the ancient clan." Xiao Yan glanced around, and there was no guard here?

"Little... little brother?" It seemed that he noticed Xiao Yan's figure. In the iron cage closest to Xiao Yan's head, a dying middle-aged man spoke feebly, his voice filled with endless coldness.

"Who are you?" Xiao Yan walked over slowly, trying to ask for some useful information.

"Don't, don't come here!"

"Stand still and don't move!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to move forward, the middle-aged man snorted coldly, his pupils shrank suddenly.

"Squeak." As soon as the voice fell, in front of Xiao Yan, a dark red energy barrier completely bounced back Xiao Yan. That kind of power appeared too strange, so Xiao Yan's reaction was also obvious.

"Pfft." Xiao Yan didn't pay attention for a while, and was directly bounced several meters before he stabilized his figure.

"Extraterritorial Evil Race?" At this moment, Xiao Yan looked at the people who were imprisoned by the dark red energy barrier in front of him, his eyes became deep, this level of energy barrier, even if he tried his best, he might not be able to break it. The strength of the player, the flickering is also in the late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal or even... Consummation!

"Little brother, although I don't know why you are able to enter here, but I can sense that you have a good aura in your body. You are definitely not from an alien race... Please save our ancient race." The middle-aged man's voice became hoarse. Get up, as if you have found some life-saving straw.

"What the **** is going on?" Xiao Yan immediately stood on the edge of the energy barrier and asked.

"Our ancient clan has a traitor."

"We've fallen for the scheming of a foreign race." The middle-aged man roared fiercely with a gloomy expression.

"I am the ninth elder of the ancient clan, and this is the order of the elder of the ancient clan." Seeing Xiao Yan's silent appearance, the middle-aged man took out an extremely intact jade token in his arms.

It is pure and flawless, and a piece of fine jade is engraved with the character "Ancient", which is quite imposing.

"Well, it really is the breath of the ancients." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was convinced of the middle-aged man's words.

There are only a few dozen strong people in the entire ancient clan who have elder orders. Every token contains enormous power. This is already a well-known thing in Douyun Continent.

"Ninth elders, what happened to your ancient clan?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Today's ancient clan can no longer be regarded as ancient clan."

"It's more appropriate to call it a demon breeding ground." The middle-aged man lost his voice, and a trace of self-blame emerged.

"As expected..." Xiao Yan nodded, obviously already guessing something.

"Back then, the patriarch of the ancient clan took some of the elders in the clan to secretly go out. He originally wanted to eradicate the Soul Palace in order to touch the roots of the Soul Clan, but who would have thought that that plan was the beginning of all evils."

"Because of the leak of information, all of our ancient powerhouses were calculated by him, cooperated by Soul Temple and foreign evil tribes, wounded all the powerhouses, and immediately injected the power of evil to control their minds. ."

"In the future, when the patriarch brought the elders back, he brought in countless evil forces and entered the core area of ​​the ancient clan. The gray barrier is the breeding ground of the demons!"

"And the huge ancient clan is injecting new vitality into it, and everything is just to nourish the new king of the foreign evil clan." The harsh roar accompanied the endless killing intent, filling the air.

"The people who are being held in the ancient prison now are the ancient powerhouses who disobey their orders?" Xiao Yan asked.

"That's right."

"More than 70% of the powerhouses in the entire ancient clan are all imprisoned in the ancient prison. Although they retain most of their power, their situation is almost the same as ours." The nine elders said coldly.

"What about the peerless Heavenly Emperor and others?" Xiao Yan asked.

"They...should be on the first floor." After hesitating for a while, the ninth elder spoke slowly, as if he was afraid of something.

"You can't enter the first floor...because where is the real Senluo hell." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, the nine elders couldn't help but say.

"Hell, I haven't been to hell, but I have walked through the gate of **** countless times, so...it's not bad this time." Xiao Yan laughed loudly. The so-called Senluo hell!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: