Chapter Vol 4 1619: The third change of the Dragon God, the Dragon Arm!

"It has something to do with the 'Nine Transformations of the Dragon God'?" Hearing the words of the Dragon Blood Emperor, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with horror.

What Xiao Yan has now is probably the most mysterious and unpredictable Fen Jue and the Nine Changes of the Dragon God.

But Xiao Yan knows that there is no doubt that the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God is definitely a fighting technique of the **** class, and the limit of Fen Jue is to rely on swallowing holy flames to climb, so Xiao Yan is not sure about the two for a while. What is the strength and weakness of the martial arts fighting skills. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

However, this reminded Xiao Yan of the "Lei Di Canon" that Master Lei cultivated on Qifei's body.

Xiao Yan always felt that the power of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God was even greater than that of the Thunder Emperor's Tome.

"how?"

"Do you know about the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God?" As his voice fell, Xiao Yan fell into a brief silence, and the Dragon Blood Emperor said in a puzzled voice, the Dragon Clan's treasure, which is as strong as a giant in the world, and so on. Value is immeasurable.

"I was fortunate enough to see it once..." Xiao Yan scratched his head and smiled, but he did not shy away from it. After all, Xiao Yan could never say that he was cultivating, otherwise the Dragon Blood Emperor would not be jealous.

"Let's get rid of the ghosts in me first. Since I have confirmed your identity, I will not embarrass you any more." After a while, Emperor Longxue Wu did not hesitate and said directly, the worm-like strangeness on his body. The ghost qi has been sealing and suppressing its own power, making it painful.

"Most of the people of the dragon family are rebellious. It seems that although the predecessors are human, but because of the dragon's blood, they are no different from the dragon family..."

"But this approach, the younger generation is naturally willing." Xiao Yan didn't want to waste time with this guy, so he started directly. After all, he has the existence of his own teacher, the Soul Eater. In addition to the blessing of his own Dragon God Nine Transformations, if Dragon Blood Martial Emperor has Any evil thoughts are just self-defeating.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the khaki-colored Fire Heart Heavenly Rock emerged from Xiao Yan's body, and easily attached to the latter's body. At that time, the strange ghost energy like a worm, like a moth flying into a flame, flew rapidly. of dying.

"Saint Yan?" Realizing this scene, the pride in the Dragon Blood Emperor's heart was also slightly let down. The many secrets of Xiao Yan also made this strong man a little afraid, because this guy not only has the breath of the Golden Dragon King and The virtual shadow, and even the most powerful thing in the world, Sheng Yan's help, made the Dragon Blood Emperor's attitude towards Xiao Yan changed a lot.

Because the default rule in the world is that the strong are respected.

"Crash!" After a few minutes, the ghostly seal around the Dragon Blood Emperor's body turned into nothingness under Xiao Yan's holy flame. Suddenly, the old body of the once glorious Dragon Blood Emperor was filled with a gust of energy. A deep breath, a trace of tyrannical fluctuations diffused out, just like a real dragon, making people tremble. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Sure enough, the back waves of the Yangtze River push the front waves."

"You... there should be some dragon blood in your body, right?" After the breath, Emperor Dragon Blood stared at Xiao Yan, and through Xiao Yan's actions just now, he also smelled the same smell, but Xiao Yan The power of the dragon's blood in the body is slightly inferior to the dragon's blood in his own body.

"Senior..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his mind moved, and he smiled.

"The good fortune in this coffin is given to you, but now it's better to solve the coffin first. As for the dragon's blood, don't worry."

"Because I also want to see what is in this coffin." As soon as the voice fell, the human body of the Dragon Blood Emperor dissipated directly, and the cyan dragon body was permeating the sky. The power swept out.

"Weng buzzing!" After a few breaths, the dark red coffin was surrounded by subtle lines, and then a burst of dark red energy suddenly emerged, as if it was provoked by the dragon blood emperor, and it automatically protected it. .

"In the past, I couldn't help you... but now, you have no chance!"

"Kid, help me with holy flame!" In an instant, with a deafening roar, the Dragon Blood Emperor shouted.

"Huoxin Tianyan, go!" Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words, and immediately the holy flame crystal fell off, and the extremely pure holy flame source converged on it.

"Hoohoho!" With the help of Xiao Yan Shengyan's source, a burst of extremely hot dragon flames quietly permeated out of the Dragon Blood Emperor's dragon head!

Dragon Flame!

Dragon Breath!

This is a method mastered by some orthodox dragons. Dragon flame is different from ordinary flames. It is composed of the power of dragon powerhouses. Dragon flame is a special flame energy that can burn even the void, and dragon breath is overwhelming. The dragon flame attack, it can be said without hesitation, the two types of attacks displayed by the orthodox dragon race have destructive power.

"Crash!" Long Yan and Xiao Yan's earthy yellow holy flame had just combined. On this barren land, a touch of indifference emerged, and even the entire void became uneasy and trembling, as if it would be given to such a terrifying force at any time. Completely wiped out.

"Dragon Flame!"

"Destroy me!" A roar was issued at the speed Immediately, Longyan rushed towards the dark red coffin with the momentum of thunder.

"Hey!" No matter how tyrannical the defense of the dark red coffin was, under the strong cooperation of the two, it became defeated in an instant.

"Finally... Are you going to open it?" Seeing the continuous collapse, the dark red lines around the dark red coffin were burned off by Long Yan, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak.

"Crash!" With a sound, the dark red coffin was directly hit by the attack, and immediately a dark red ripple appeared, causing Xiao Yan and the Dragon Blood Emperor to take a step back.

"Successful." Being shocked, the dragon body of the Dragon Blood Emperor dissipated and the human body was restored, but he said weakly.

"Boom!" In an instant, on the dark red coffin, a dark red stone like a lid slowly fell off and fell to the ground, and this void was also filled with a desolate atmosphere, even blurred scenes. The picture suddenly emerged from above the dark red coffin and entered into Xiao Yan's line of sight.

The picture slowly became clear, but Xiao Yan's heart was extremely shocked.

In the picture, there is a young man, arrogant and arrogant, with extraordinary bearing, and even the breath of his body reveals the suppression of the superior.

"The Third Transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Transforming the Dragon Arm!" In an instant, a violent voice resembling the roar of a beast emerged.

As the sound fell, dragon scales appeared on the arm of the man in the picture, and immediately wrapped his arm completely, but Xiao Yan was able to find that with the appearance of this scene, this guy's arm What a tyrannical destructive power it contains, it is heart-pounding.

And in front of it, there is an ancient vicious beast. This vicious beast, Xiao Yan, knows that it is a five-colored Tianjiao that is comparable to the strength of the human six-star fighting immortal!