Chapter Vol 2 702: Father and daughter night talk

Inside the Hall of Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Where's my father?" A figure slowly appeared, and then said to the two men guarding the door.

"Miss, I'm sorry, the hall master has an order. I've seen everyone recently." The two guards just saw Lingxuan, and their expressions became ugly.

These two are also quite embarrassing. This Lingxuan is the most favored little daughter of the Palace Master. I want to let her in, but once the Palace Master is to blame, the consequences...

But don't let her in, this guy is probably going to turn the world upside down.

"What happened to my father?"

"How come no one is seen?"

"Did something happen?" Lingxuan frowned and became serious.

Immediately, those big moving eyes kept flickering, as if thinking about some crazy idea.

"Miss, this is the order of the hall master, please don't make us embarrassed." The two guards could only say with a hint of shyness.

"I won't force you to..."

"Because... I want to go in by myself!" After Ling Xuan finished speaking, her big eyes were agitated slightly, and then a trace of vindictiveness emerged from her body, and her speed increased to the extreme, like a nimble rabbit, heading directly towards the door!

"Stop her!" The two guards looked at each other, and a huge breath was instantly released!

The late stage of the Six Star Dou Di!

These two guards looked dignified and average in strength, but their strength actually reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di!

In the later stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, even in the Hall of Fenxiang Pavilion and the Hall of People, they were the mainstays of existence, and they would actually be reduced to guarding the gates here. This is an unprecedented thing.

"Shabu!" The figures of the two men moved suddenly and appeared in front of Lingxuan in an instant.

"You guys!" When Ling Xuan saw that her actions were blocked, she was immediately a little angry. Just as she was about to get angry and make things worse, a voice came.

"Okay, let her in." A familiar voice came from the house, with an unfathomable sense of oppression.

"Please." Since the palace master has spoken, the two guards are not good at saying anything, so they just retreated to make way.

"Humph!" Ling Xuan let out a coquettish cry, and then walked in with a swagger.

"Dad, look at the two guards at the door, they didn't let me in. What are they thinking about? Don't they know my identity..." Ling Xuan said in a puffed up voice, her voice was still very loud, deliberately Listen to the two guards at the door.

"Mass, this guy..." The two figures at the door hurriedly cursed after hearing the words.

"It's not their fault, it's what I meant." After the Hall Master said, a layer of invisible power appeared, which immediately blocked the sound.

"Is it your idea?" Ling Xuan asked with some doubts.

"Yep."

"Recently, after you entered Luoling Mountain, it seems that people from the ghost world appeared around us burning incense, so I'm investigating." The Hall Master of the Earth Palace said.

"People from the ghost world?"

"What are they doing here?" Ling Xuan heard the words and immediately realized the importance of the matter, and immediately put away her playful disposition.

"I don't know the specifics, but there have been many gaps in the entrances of the ghost world and our Xuan Santian. It will be completely broken in a short time."

"The battle between the ghost realm and Xuan Santian is inevitable." The main speaker of the Earth Palace said earnestly.

"Father..." Ling Xuan hurriedly said after hearing this.

Since her sister left the Fenxiang Pavilion to go out to practice, Lingxuan has been Ling Mengsheng's doting object, and Lingxuan rarely sees her father revealing such an expression.

"Forget it, you shouldn't worry about these things. The next thing you need to do is to cultivate in the three, six, and nine places."

"Entering inside, your strength will be improved a lot, and you will have greater confidence in participating in the sect competition." Lingmengsheng smiled.

"Father, Xiao Yan from the Human Palace..." Ling Xuan also knew that this was not something she should worry about, so she changed the subject.

"Xiao Yan from the Human Palace..."

"Strange, why are you asking him?" Ling Mengsheng's eyes flashed with a hint of doubt, but he laughed in his heart.

"Why, there are so many young talents in our Earth Palace who don't look down on them, but instead look at the people's family hall?" The next moment, Ling Mengsheng suddenly knew something and pretended to be calm.

"No, no, when I entered Luoling Mountain this time, I felt that that guy is very strong, so I want to know his details..." Ling Xuan hurriedly declined, but how could the voice of Tun Tun woo escape? Reimu has such an old-fashioned vision.

"Don't worry, I have already checked the details of that guy."

"He is the alchemist of the Boundary Yue Family on the Xuanling Continent. He participated in the points plundering competition and won the first place, thus entering our Burning Incense Pavilion."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Also, although this guy was lucky in the points looting competition, the real thing is the guy who killed the twin ghost emperors." There was some approval in Lingmengsheng's voice.

"It's actually true..." Ling Xuan had always been skeptical about this matter, but now that she heard what her father said, she was immediately surprised.

"By the way, this guy is not only powerful, but also not bad at refining medicine. It is said that before entering the Fenxiang Pavilion, he has already reached the level of the first-rank emperor. Now, I am afraid that it is stronger." degree of opening.

"What?" The next moment, Ling Xuan was suddenly shocked!

Immediately, he recalled the medicinal pill that Xiao Yan gave him in Luoling Mountain. The quality and the medicinal power were far beyond the comparison of ordinary emperor-level medicinal pills!

On the Dou Di Continent, pharmacists are more respected than those with strong fighting qi!

"How?"

"Would you like to think about it?"

"While this little guy hasn't grown up enough, I'll grab him and make him yours..." Ling Mengsheng said to Ling Xuan, but before the end of the sentence, Ling Xuan's jade hand was pinched. Reimu's waist was filled with disgust.

"Ahhhh, baby girl it hurts!" Ling Mengsheng hurriedly shut his mouth and said in his mouth.

"Okay, why does it hurt? Dad, you're getting more and more disrespectful."

"Although Xiao Yan is strong, I'm not weak. I'm not necessarily worse than him."

"Besides, how can you force something like that... Even if it's true, I'll be upright..." Ling Xuan said in a voice that could only be heard by herself.

"It's alright, alright, let's go down and rest first. Tomorrow should be the time to take you to the training grounds such as 369." Lingxuan's words were naturally listened to by Lingmengsheng, but Lingmengsheng heard the words. Meng Sheng didn't speak, but said something else.

"Yep."

"Dad, pay more attention to your body, don't know how to cultivate." Ling Xuan naturally knew her father's character, so she immediately reminded her, then exited the house and headed towards her residence.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, you bastard, you actually made the cold little princess in my family care so much about you. If it wasn't for something important, I would definitely go to meet you."

"Look at how holy you are!" After Ling Mengsheng finished speaking, he sat cross-legged and started to practice.

At this time, on Reimu Sheng's body, two completely different powers, one black and one white, appeared, and under their subtle control, they constantly nourished the body.

With such strength, he has fully entered the realm of Nine Stars and Nine Ranks!

"The half-year ruin is the time to save Yanchi." Ling Mengsheng said slowly, and then he went quiet.

Ask for tickets!