Chapter Vol 4 1473: Inferior rank evil, earth spirit blood general!

"There are no other evil things on this hill, do you want to do it?" After a while, Xiao Yan and the crowd came quietly, and suddenly quietly cleared out a hill as a foothold, and then everyone gathered, Mu Ge was the first to speak. .

Through careful observation, the group of them also discovered that there were many obscure auras, large and small, on other hills.

"Wait, there are many hills around this dead silent valley, but according to my soul power feedback, there are no less than dozens of hidden powerhouses on these hills, and they are all tough guys with tyrannical strength."

"They do this, I'm afraid they won't just waste time."

"And according to the information we got, the entrance to the ruins of the Heavenly King's Treasure is hidden in this valley." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"What are these guys waiting for?" Yun Qi also noticed what Xiao Yan said, but he was always puzzled. Now that the evil things on the hills have been expelled, and they occupy the geographical position, why not take advantage of the victory and go directly to the dead valley. Look for the entrance to the ruins in the center.

"Could it be that you are waiting for something?" the Yu Family sisters asked.

"I don't see it. Among these powerhouses, there is no lack of strength in the late three-star Douxian stage or even the perfect superpowers. They are so arrogant that they have no signs of doing anything?"

"I'm afraid that there is something in this dead silent valley that makes them all fear." Xiao Yan also shook his head and said, his eyes became deep after speaking, and through the endless void, he slowly stared at the center of the dead silent valley.

There is a concave land, and the whole presents a quadrilateral. The dark land is incompatible with the surrounding soil, and even in the sunken soil, there is a trace of hidden black aura creeping, and between the black aura creeping, It turned out that the holy flame in Xiao Yan's body sent out a sense of vigilance.

"Humph!"

"If you let me go, I can tell you why they didn't do it." Huo Li, who was on the side, looked at the crowd discussing this, and immediately said.

"You said." Xiao Yan heard the words, slowly took his attention back, and responded immediately.

"It is said that in the valley of the dead, there is a low-grade venerable evil thing guarding." Huo Li's face above the scar, when he said the low-grade venerable evil thing, he couldn't help jumping.

"Low-grade venerable evil?" Everyone heard the words and couldn't help but be surprised.

Among the extraterritorial evil races, the heaven and earth are the fifth-level emperors, but the noble-level evil things are divided into upper and lower grades, and the dignified noble-level evil things are some of the most powerful people who have set foot on the four-star fighting immortals. If there is really one in front of them I am afraid that it is also a lot of resistance for them.

"And the strength of this rank evil creature has reached the existence of a four-star fighting immortal, so without knowing whether this guy is alive or being suppressed, even if it is as strong as a three-star fighting immortal, he will not dare to take action rashly. After all, the three-star Dou Xian is only one level apart from the four-star Dou Xian, but the difference is huge."

"Not to mention that this place is still in the Demon Suppression Prison. If you take a wrong step, you will attract endless evil things in the Demon Suppression Prison. The only thing waiting for them is death." Huo Li said.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan directly released the control of Huo You, and then threw Huo You to Huo Lidao.

"Farewell!" Seeing this, Huo Li was overjoyed in a hurry, and immediately fled here with Huo You.

"Could it be true what this guy said?" Liu Qing asked in doubt as he watched the two leave.

"I don't think so, a four-star fighting immortal-level inferior rank evil creature is quite in line with the name of the dead silent valley, and according to my investigation, the breath in the center of the dead silent valley is also quite consistent with what he said. "Xiao Yan said with a smile, obviously he already had a plan in his mind, but it was extremely difficult for Xiao Yan to use all his strength for a four-star fighting immortal-level evil.

"No matter what happens for a while, don't take action, remember to follow me closely." Xiao Yan instructed.

"Will it be too dangerous?" Du Qifei worried.

"It's okay." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Yep."

"What do we do next?" Everyone nodded.

"Wait."

"Someone must set foot in the center of the valley to know whether the evil thing is alive and whether it has been suppressed by the seal."

"They didn't do it for a long time, because no one wanted to be this early bird, but don't worry, according to my perception, someone has gone now." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but there was a hint of joking beneath the laughter. , Apparently relying on tyrannical power, Xiao Yan faintly discovered that the evil aura in the center of the valley, like a giant dragon awakening, slowly awakened.

Before the laughter fell, a roar resembling the rage of a soul beast filled the entire valley in the center of the dead silent valley.

"Has someone finally made a move?" Seeing the concave basin soil in the center of the valley showing a coquettish red air, all over the hills, voices resounded.

"That is……"

"Earth spirit blood general?" In an instant, as the furious voice fell, a ferocious figure in blood-colored armor and young fangs slowly stepped on the ground in the center of the valley.

On this figure, an extremely terrifying **** evil aura spreads everywhere like a tide That is... a fellow of the Thousand Puppet Ghost Sect! "After a while, some discerning people also noticed that something was wrong, and immediately looked at a guy with a pale face like a living dead behind the silhouette of the blood-colored armor, and lost his voice.

"Hey, since none of you dare to do it, then let's have a good taste of this great gift I gave you!"

"And I... just take the first step!" After the living dead finished speaking, he smiled grimly, and then he was enveloped in a strange ghostly energy, and then jumped into the sunken soil and disappeared.

"It turns out that the center of this valley is the entrance to the ruins of the Heavenly King's Palace, but at this time it is guarded by this low-ranking evil thing." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was relieved.

"Stop him!" Some strong men just said, and the living dead disappeared in an instant.

"This bastard!" Seeing that the living dead jumped directly into the ruins of the Heavenly King's possession, the other figures immediately cursed.

"Hoohoho!" In an instant, the blood-colored armor did not give everyone a chance to breathe, and a roar, accompanied by bursts of evil black fog, suddenly spread from the center of the valley!

Above this seemingly ordinary evil black fog, there is actually a trace of terrifying destructive fluctuations!

"This guy really didn't dissipate easily."

"Everyone, follow me to kill this flirt!" Immediately, Liu Yun took the lead and suddenly jumped out.

"In that case, let's fight."

"I am also willing to accompany you!"

"Kill it together, so that we can enter the ruins of Tianwangzang." A rude voice suddenly emerged.

"The powerhouses on these four continents are really tyrannical."

"You guys don't move here, I'll come when I go." Xiao Yan said with a smile, and his figure suddenly jumped up, heading towards the center of the valley from the top of the hill.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: