Chapter 401: The agreed deal!

"Yep."

"Boss, how do you sell this?" Mu Yingying asked, also staring at the small thing in her hand.

"It's not expensive, just a first-order first-grade profound pill."

"Or one million gold coins can barely be taken away." The stall owner also said.

"what?"

"It costs one million gold coins..."

"Or is it an emperor-rank first-grade Xuandan?" Mu Yingying also moved her lips in surprise, and then her beautiful eyes moved away from the jade rabbit in her hand, and then faced the lean man in front of her. road.

One million gold coins is not a small amount, even if the value of the thing in front of you is expensive, it is not comparable to one million gold coins!

Talking about another one!

Emperor Rank First Grade Profound Pill!

This seemingly small mascot is generally able to sell for such a sky-high price, I am afraid it can also be taken advantage of.

The booth in front of me was not too big or not too small. It had a range of just three meters. Even among the other booths next to it, it was not bad. But most of it is fleeting.

As for the stall owner above this stall, it was a very thin man. He was dressed in coarse cloth to show his leanness to the extreme, but with Mu Yingying's mid-stage strength of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, he couldn't feel it at all. The breath of this stall owner.

"Hey, little girl, don't underestimate these three jade and exquisite rabbits. Just this third-rank emperor-level ice-attribute beast is comparable to a human three-star fighting emperor." The lean man also looked at it. Seeing that Mu Yingying liked the Sanyu Exquisite Rabbit very much, her eyes turned cold immediately, and then she looked around Mu Yingying.

"It's a bit expensive for you to sell. Although it's made of a demon core with the third-grade ice attribute of the emperor, I'm afraid it won't be able to use such a high price."

"Otherwise you might as well go grab it." The next moment, a very hearty voice also slowly appeared in front of the booth.

It's just that Xiao Yan also said in a voice that he could only hear: "Is it only the third emperor rank..."

"It seems that the limit in this medicine market is probably at this price. The demon cores above the fourth rank of the emperor are expensive and there is no market in the market, let alone the sixth rank of the emperor..."

Xiao Yan murmured and stared at the stall owner in front of him.

"Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying also raised her head, then glanced at Xiao Yan, and then she didn't know what to think in her beautiful eyes, but the long eyelashes around her beautiful eyes also flickered slightly, which was very moving.

"This little brother can't say that, these three jade exquisite rabbits are really not worth the price, but..."

"This thing has some other effects." The stall owner above the booth also found that Xiao Yan seemed to be a discerning master, and immediately did not hesitate.

"Oh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also listened with great interest.

"Hey, I believe you have felt it too, little girl. In the head of the Sanyu Exquisite Rabbit, there is an extremely cold power emitting faintly..."

"Although I don't know what kind of power this is, but something that can be cracked by a seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, I think it will definitely not be a mortal thing." The stall owner also said slowly.

"Well, there is such a power, I don't know what kind of power it is, but I feel that this thing is a bit secret, and it is also very cute." Mu Yingying heard the words and took the stall owner's words.

"Even so, but the price is not so expensive, right?" Xiao Yan also gave Mu Yingying a helpless glance.

Is this Mu Yingying really stupid or...

This stall owner is obviously a profiteer, sitting on the ground to raise prices, how can this Mu Yingying still follow his words...

"I..." In a breath, Mu Yingying also seemed to realize that what she had just done was wrong, her cheeks flushed immediately, and then she looked at Xiao Yan.

"Hey, girl, your little lover is quite shabby, so following him like this will not help you in the future..."

"The future status is at stake..." The stall owner also joked.

"Cough cough cough..." Xiao Yan was also quite frightened by the sudden action of the stall owner, and immediately coughed a few times.

"One million gold coins, let's add this." Xiao Yan was too lazy to talk nonsense with this stall owner, and then picked up an inconspicuous thing above the stall owner.

It was a yellowed and tattered scroll, but the yellowed ones could no longer read the words on it, and could only guess that it should not be an ordinary thing.

The reason why Xiao Yan did this was because he was afraid that the profiteer would sit on the ground and raise the price, and then just grab it, but this seemingly yellowed and useless scroll was actually issued by the core inscription of the divine movement deep within Xiao Yan's body. After a change, Xiao Yan also made this move.

"Hey, wait, I won't sell this thing." The next moment, Xiao Yan also took out the Dou Di Crystal Card, ready to pay the old man one million gold coins, but unexpectedly the old man in front of him broke through and said this.

"Hey, boy, if I expected it to be good, you should be an alchemist, right?" The next moment, the stall owner also said to Xiao Yan.

"I am." Xiao Yan was also slowly holding the yellowed tattered scroll in his hand, but he muttered in his heart, "Damn, did this person discover the abnormality of this scroll?"

"Don't worry, a pharmacist at the first-grade emperor level has a limitless future, and I won't do anything excessive..."

"But I think there is a deal that may interest the little brother." The stall owner also said with a smile.

"What deal?" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then a huge soul force poured out instantly.

"Sure enough, it's an alchemist at the first rank of the emperor!"

"And this soul power is vaguely about to break through the emperor realm!"

"Okay!" The lean stall owner also laughed.

"Little brother, it's like this..."

"After the auction here is over in a few days, we plan to go to the wilderness outside the Xuanling royal family..."

"That's why I want to hire my little brother to be the alchemist of our mercenary group After all, in the wild, if there is no alchemist to follow along, once you are in a desperate situation, it will be no different from death."

"And according to the information we have obtained, it is obvious that some places in this wilderness area require the soul power of the alchemist to pass." The stall owner also said.

"Wilderness area?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils also widened tightly.

In the wilderness area, there seems to be some monster races inhabiting it, and it is also very close to the center of this lonely desert of death!

Once known as the place with the highest death rate!

Even the eight-star Dou Emperor would not dare to pass through here rashly, which shows how terrifying this wilderness area is!

And the most important thing is that Xiao Yan also knows that in any wilderness area, there are very likely the last two things that Xiao Yan needs!

The demon core and the blood essence of the monster with the ice attribute of the emperor-rank six!

"What benefits can I get?" Xiao Yan also said to the stall owner in front of him with great interest. For some reason, Xiao Yan felt that the stall owner was not a profiteer at this time.

"You follow our mercenary group. This time, you only need to be responsible for providing the recovery pills continuously. When necessary, use your soul power to open the way for us. You don't need to worry about the rest!"

"And we will have a six-star fighting emperor to protect you all the way!" The stall owner was overjoyed when he heard this!

After all, this stall owner also went to the alchemist association of the Xuanling royal family to send a recruitment, but there is no alchemist willing to go to the extremely dangerous place in the wilderness!

"As for the benefits!"

"You can bring it up yourself!" The stall owner said quite cheerfully. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: