Chapter Vol 4 2241: Weird guy!

"Hey, don't get angry, you two, be kind and make money."

The man with the broken arm who was hiding in the back was told by Xiao Yan, although his face flickered with shock, he grinned in a blink of an eye, and walked towards the two of them.

The voice of the man with the broken arm just fell, and an extremely fierce wind and thunder continued to sound, making the atmosphere in this square suddenly quiet.

"Reincarnation-level peak strength?"

When Xiao Yan and the three saw this, they were slightly startled.

"Lord Landlord!"

Seeing this, the old man Rise couldn't help but bowed down respectfully, and then gave a big salute.

The owner of the building is the real power controller of the sales floor. Usually, the dragon can't see the end, so why do you have time to come here today?

But there is no doubt that the people who can be personally received by the landlord are probably the most distinguished people in the world.

"Uncle Li, go down. I will personally receive these two."

After the man with the broken arm finished speaking, he waved his hand.

"In the Lower Kassel Lyenger, if you two want to know the question in your heart, just come with me."

"Sword crazy Li Tianxiao."

"Xiao Yan, the Lord of Endless Fire Territory."

"Elves."

"It's really three interesting guys... interesting and interesting."

After Angers finished speaking, there was a trace of violent wind and thunder around his body, and then he lifted his foot and walked towards the inside of the intelligence sales building.

"Sword crazy?"

"Isn't that one of the best sword fields in the human world?"

When Xiao Yi heard this, the corners of her eyes shrank violently.

"Sword Domain?"

Xiao Yan asked with some doubts.

"Second brother, the overall strength of the Sword Territory may be similar to that of our Fire Elves, but the strength of the Sword Territory's Lord is due to his unique sword intent, which is quite terrifying."

Xiao Yi explained.

Then, Li Tianxiao and Xiao Yan followed the latter and entered the sales building directly.

On the top floor of the magnificent sales building, in a hall, Xiao Yan three people were seated in it. On the other hand, the owner of the store brought the three people here first, and then disappeared for a while.

In the hall, it was very quiet, and the three of them did not have any hostility. After all, this is someone else's territory. If it is rough here, it is obviously not a wise move.

"Three, it's been a long wait."

The silence did not last long. When the master of the interior appeared, he already had two extremely exquisite scrolls in his palm. Outside the scrolls, he was blessed with a huge amount of soul power. Not at all!

"Master Li, which one did you sing?"

Li Tianxiao frowned and asked.

Sword cultivators shouldn't bother the world, but the strange ruler on Xiao Yan's body gave him a very strong surprise, so the always arrogant Li Tianxiao had the scene just now.

He tried to use his own power to provoke the ancient ruler, so he made a big fight.

Because he had not yet mastered the sword intent, he was kicked out of the sword domain by the master of the sword domain.

After being desperate, Li Tianxiao had to come here to try to collect some information about the sword intent.

"Jianyu, sword idiot Li Tianxiao."

"Xiao Yan in the Endless Fire Territory."

"If I expected it right, the two of you came here for the same purpose."

The smile on the landlord's face was particularly strong, and it was obvious that he had just disappeared, so he should have thoroughly figured out the details of several people.

"Oh?"

The landlord had just finished speaking when Xiao Yan and Li Tianxiao looked at each other.

Li Tianxiao's strength is worthy of reincarnation, and he has not yet reached the peak of reincarnation or the first level, but the iron sword that looks rusted behind him bears an astonishing aura.

It seems that under this simple sword, there is a terrifying power that shocks the world.

"Master Li, Ming people don't speak secretly."

"Please also clarify."

Li Tianxiao was obviously a little stunned by this kind of thing, so he couldn't help asking.

"The place you're going to is the Zen Land of the Buddha Realm."

"The place this friend is going to is also the Buddhist realm."

The owner of the house didn't hide it either, he just made a point.

"This guy really has some strength."

Until this time, Xiao Yan had no doubts about the landlord, and he was able to control even such hidden information. This spatial intelligence sales building really lived up to its reputation, but why did he say that he wanted to go to the Buddha Realm?

Even the goddess Yaoji did not make it clear that the casters in ancient times were in the Buddhist realm?

"This is the information scroll you both need."

The landlord said with a hearty smile, shaking the two scrolls in his hand and said softly.

The three of them never made a sound. The owner of the house was so enthusiastic, which made them flattered. Could it be that they have something to ask for?

"Don't get me wrong, you two, this is just a little thought, and I want to get to know you two."

After the landlord finished speaking, the two scrolls fell into the hands of Xiao Yan and Li Tianxiao.

"Come on, send the two of you to the entrance of the passage to the plane of the Buddha Realm."

After doing all this, the landlord didn't say much, just waved his hand, and two old men poured out of the hall door.

"Thank you, the landlord."

After Xiao Yan thanked them, they headed towards the entrance of the Buddha Realm under the leadership of the old man. As for the information scroll, Xiao Yan was not in a hurry to open it. After all, the situation is not yet clear, and he is not in a hurry.

"It seems that this space intelligence sales building can stand upright.

"But it's okay for us. I'm happy with this kind of thing."

After Xiao Yan muttered, he stepped directly into the Buddha realm, and it was imminent to restore the ruler of the gods.

Because the space intelligence sales building is located in the Great Thousand World, it has constructed the entrance to each of the seven planes, but the foreign population enters it rashly. However, for someone like Xiao Yan who has a lot of self-protection power, these are trivial matters.

"Lord Would it be too risky for you to do this?"

"This level of information was obtained by our family's children through hard work, so you just sent it out like this?"

Xiao Yan and the others had just left, and several pale old men stepped out of the hall, and then charged the landlord with a stern face.

The value of the second volume of information scrolls just now is not inferior to the immortal and fighting skills scrolls, but how could the owner of the interior give it away so easily?

"Elders, your eyes are too pedantic."

"Jianyu is the top power in the human world, and this Li Tianxiao has obtained the true inheritance of the master of the sword, and his future achievements are limitless."

The landlord said with a half-smile.

"Where's Xiao Yan?"

"The name Endless Fire Territory is too low-level. After all, the latter is just a new force, and I am afraid that it will be completely disintegrated by other continents in the human world."

Some elders couldn't help but worry.

"Have you ever seen a human with five holy flames in his body at the same time?"

"Throughout the ages, apart from the holy king and a few other strong men, how many people are there?"

"I've made up my mind, no need to say any more."

"You will naturally understand in the future."

……

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: