Chapter 625: Catalyze, 8 heavy fights for the emperor's life!

"Boom boom boom!" The color of the thundercloud above the sky soared into blue, red, yellow, green and blue, and the color reached five colors in a short time!

The five-color thunderclouds could not help but emit a terrifying force that made the scalp tingle. This force was undoubtedly many times stronger than the thunderclouds that Xiao Yan had produced when he was refining the medicinal herbs.

"It's not over yet..." Mu Yingying felt a distinctive fluctuation from the five-color thundercloud above the sky, but she was unmoved, and there was even a smile on the corner of her mouth.

Of course she knew that the more colors the six-star Dou Disheng robbery had, the more terrifying its power would be when it crossed the calamity, but the benefits of this dangerous thundercloud were undeniable. The force of life born in the body is also more and more terrifying!

After passing through the six-star Dou Emperor's life calamity, the level of the energy of life in the gas is enough to affect the key to the battle!

"This woman is not simple..." Xiao Yan's inner core looked at the six-color thundercloud in the sky, and suddenly said slowly.

"Such a terrifying thunder calamity, I am afraid that with her current strength, it is very difficult to take over..." Xiao Yan was not happy at all, this Mu Yingying had Saint Yan sealed in her body, and her life experience was incomprehensible, there were too many secrets , could not help frowning.

Although the relationship between Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying was unusual, Xiao Yan would definitely not stand idly by putting anyone in the same family in front of Xiao Yan.

"Although I don't know very well, the holy flame on this woman is undoubtedly much stronger than your holy flame." Although Xinyan didn't want to admit it, with his keen perception, he also found some clues from it.

Its Fire Heart Sacred Flame ranks at thirty-fifth, but the Sacred Flame in Mu Yingying's body is obviously in a sealed state, and the Sacred Flame in Mu Yingying's body can still cause such fluctuations in the sealed state, which is enough to show that the Sacred Flame on Mu Yingying's body is no trivial matter!

At this time, above the basin, the entire sky was thundering with lightning, and the color of the thunderclouds was still rolling. The basin was surrounded by a circle of yellow power, which was composed of the core inscriptions condensed by Xiao Yan's spiritual power. dense array!

"Boom boom boom!" Above the dense formation, six-color thunderclouds rolled continuously, and in a short period of time, they condensed a wave of terrifying fluctuations that made the space tremble!

Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be vigilant. These six-colored thunderclouds, even Xiao Yan in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, are quite difficult, not to mention the strength of Mu Yingying, who is only at the Perfection of the Five-Star Dou Emperor!

"damn it……"

"Such a terrifying six-star Dou Emperor's life, if it continues like this, I am afraid that it will not wait for Mu Yingying to make a move. This dense formation will be shattered by its terrifying power." Xiao Yan raised his head and glanced at the sky with difficulty. The six-color thunderclouds of the six-color thunderclouds shrouded the dense array of six-color thunderclouds with tiny fluctuations, causing the dense array to shake violently.

"Six colors...not enough!" At the next moment, Mu Yingying stared at the six-color thundercloud above the sky, even though she had already felt a lot of pressure from the thundercloud, she still said.

"Boom boom boom!" At that time, Mu Yingying's body exploded with an azure blue holy flame, and without hesitation, she raised her jade hand and roared directly at the six-color thundercloud above the sky!

"Shabu Shabu!" In a short instant, the thunderclouds above the sky seemed to be guided by something, and they changed dramatically. In a few breaths, the seventh color was vaguely born!

"Seven-color thunder cloud, if this woman can carry it on, the power of life in her body will definitely reach the level of the power of seventh-rank students in the future."

"There are nine ranks of the power of life, and these seven ranks of the power of life will probably become a real killer for her in the future!" Xinyan said with a sigh.

"This Mu Yingying is really crazy." Xiao Yan also calmed down at this time, and the spiritual power in the body was continuously transmitted. The spiritual power in Xiao Yan's body that had just soared due to the power of the holy flame was stabilized.

"Huhuhu..." Mu Yingying's forehead emitted a few beads of sweat, and then her beautiful eyes flashed a little dignified.

She could feel that the seven-color thundercloud was already her limit. If she was increasing its doom, she would undoubtedly be unable to take it.

And once this thunder calamity cannot be received, what awaits Mu Yingying is probably the source of direct damage.

"He's here... fight it out!" Mu Yingying glanced at Xiao Yan with beautiful eyes, and she kept recalling what Xiao Yan had done in the Yin Corpse Forest and the Xuanling Emperor Pond before, and then she bit her silver teeth. The speed controlled the azure blue in the body to burst out suddenly, and an unprecedented power of holy flame instantly filled out, and then fiercely rushed towards the seven-color thunderclouds in the sky!

"Susu!" The seven-color thunderclouds had been brewing in the sky for a long time, as if they were accumulating force to kill Mu Yingying, who was trying to save the calamity!

However, after Mu Yingying burst into a terrifying flame, the seven-color thundercloud suddenly shook violently, and then in the center of the thundercloud, a terrifying force that shook Xiao Yan's dense formation was slowly born...

"This is……"

"Eighth-color thundercloud?" Xiao Yan's pupils could not help shrinking when he saw this, because there was a heart rock in his body, Xiao Yan naturally knew that the thundercloud was divided into nine colors, but each additional color had a geometric multiple of its power. Increase!

These eight-color thunderclouds, I am afraid that the powerhouses of the entire Xuantian Santian, few of them have successfully passed through the five-star fighting emperor!

"If this woman is not a reckless husband, she is a truly terrifying powerhouse." At this moment, Xiao Yan's heart finally had a taste of facing Mu Yingying squarely.

"Be careful, this eight-color thundercloud is about to take shape, and I think Mu Yingying's goal is the eight-color thunder tribulation!" Xinyan said solemnly.

"I'm afraid the thunder calamity brought about by these eight-color thunderclouds is not so easy to catch, so how terrifying the nine-color thunder calamity evolved from the nine-color thunderclouds..." Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Ha ha……"

"Nine-colored thunderclouds...that's an existence like destroying the sky and destroying the earth If you are a little careless, I'm afraid it will fall directly." Xinyan explained.

"Boom boom boom!" Above the sky, there were already as many as eight colors!

The eight-color thundercloud slowly brewed, and in a short moment it turned into eight thunderclouds of different colors. The eight-color thunderclouds complemented each other, forming a huge encirclement above the sky.

"Eight-color thunder cloud..." Mu Yingying's eyes opened slightly, and an unprecedented sense of daze was born from her body!

"Holy Flame Crystal!"

"Come out!" Mu Yingying seemed to sense the horror of these eight-color thunderclouds, and she didn't dare to neglect, she raised her red lips, and suddenly a prism-shaped azure-blue crystal in her body suddenly emerged from Mu Yingying's body. appear.

With the appearance of this azure blue holy flame crystal, Xiao Yan only felt that this space became more restless!

On the one hand, the eight-color thunder cloud above the sky, and on the other hand, the terrifying Holy Flame Crystal in Mu Yingying's hands, the power of the two is too terrifying.

"Press me!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, and more and more huge spiritual power continued to pour out of his body. At that time, Xiao Yan's core inscriptions slowly condensed to 6,900!

Immediately under Xiao Yan's constant suppression, the dense formation finally stabilized, but at this time, Mu Yingying and the eight-color thunderclouds above the sky were like gunpowder, and they exploded at one click!

Ask for a ticket?