Chapter Vol 4 2211: The power of the origin of the elves, defeat!

"Whoa!"

In the altar barrier, the battle between Xiao Yi and Princess Alice has reached a white-hot stage, but the cyan brilliance brewed by the two attacks is like a demon, ravaging this barrier aimlessly. All angry.

The sickly gray color filled most of the enchantment, and even some forest trees at the bottom instantly became dry from their green appearance, as if all their vitality was instantly drained by the cyan light, distorted and extremely ugly.

"Boom!"

At the same time, when the energy attacks of the two in the enchantment reached the limit, the entire enchantment first shrank violently, and then suddenly exploded. Press into powder!

"Two terrifying guys... But there is a trace of blood in the enchantment. Judging from this appearance, there should be a difference between the winner and the loser."

Some elven powerhouses frowned, feeling the extremely depressing atmosphere in the enchantment, and slowly opened their mouths.

"Dong, dong, dong!"

Several ferocious energy ripples spread out, and the entire barrier seemed to be torn apart. The meaning of distortion was extremely obvious. After about a few minutes, the figures of the two slowly appeared from the energy center.

"A tie?"

Princess Qianqin nodded, but she was the first to speak, her beautiful eyes seemed to have some kind of terrifying power to penetrate the void, she said in surprise.

"Oh?"

Listening to Princess Qianqin's words, Xiao Yan and Second Elder Ma Lin were full of surprise, and immediately hesitantly said, now that the aftermath of the battle in the enchantment space has not subsided, how can this Princess Qianqin be able to clearly see the two figures?

"A tie?"

Afterwards, many strong men narrowed their eyes and looked towards the altar barrier.

At this time, in the altar barrier, countless energy ripples were extremely dim, and two figures appeared in everyone's sight.

There was a rare solemnity in Alice's lazy face, and the azure brilliance was grasped on the palm of her hand. The terrifying power that was enough to destroy all things made her delicate face extremely cold, and there was actually a touch in her eyes. Very incredible look.

With his dignified first-level reincarnation-level strength, he would be so embarrassed by a mere eight-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouse like Xiao Yi?

Even after he used the supreme cultivation technique among the fire spirits, after the fire spirit scriptures, he was still unable to kill Xiao Yi completely.

On the other hand, Xiao Yi's body was covered in scars, every drop of purple blood spilled out, and the whole body was in a state of embarrassment.

"Little Yi Gongzi really hides it, but he just doesn't know how many times he can take this level of attack?"

Alice was calm on the surface, but she roared in a low voice in her heart, and resentment lingered in her heart. At this time, she could not wait to smash Xiao Yi's body into ten thousand pieces, so as to collect the reincarnation mark on Xiao Yi!

"One Reincarnation Stage..."

A rare **** aura emerged from the depths of Xiao Yi's eyes, her fists clenched unconsciously, and she glared at him.

Alice's strength is too tyrannical. If it wasn't for the amplification of the purple flame in the Seal of Reincarnation, I'm afraid she would not be her opponent at all.

As for her own reincarnation seal and purple flame, the only thing Xiaoyi knows is that it is related to the so-called head of the elves, the goddess Yaoji, and the power of the holy flame embryo, in order to prevent exposure, Xiaoyi will not rashly step into the reincarnation use.

"Among the fire elves, only I can become the real king!"

"so……"

After Alice looked around, she raised her palm, and a very soft cyan energy waved out. Under everyone's attention, the cyan energy quietly turned into a bright green butterfly, dancing in her palm, looking weak. Above the unbearable azure butterfly, the fluctuations emanating are astonishing!

It seems that even the soul will tremble violently!

The cyan butterflies danced gracefully, and traces of cyan glow spread out like raindrops, giving countless people an inexplicable air of purification.

The butterfly flickered on Princess Alice's palm, and the cyan energy gathered from her palm. It turned out that countless sacred runes were formed on the butterfly's body, and a mysterious spread spread out.

"The power of the origin of the elves!"

Countless strong people watched Alice's offensive, and the shock in their hearts was indescribable!

The reason why the elves can be the leaders in the world is precisely because of the word elves.

A being like Alice is a noble being among spirits, so it is a natural spirit who can master nature.

The shapes are like fire spirits, wood spirits, etc., and the shapes of these nature spirits are not the same. For example, the butterfly in Alice's hand is one of the wood spirits. By chance, the wood attribute is subdued. The natural elves were immediately refined into their own source power.

The power of the source of elves is no less than the human heart, and it is the most important thing for elves.

However, this method is only controlled by a very small number of elves in their respective races. Many elves are still strong in human appearances, with their hearts as their mainstay. This is also the best proof that they can distinguish the royal family of elves from ordinary elves.

The difference between the two is whether there is a natural elves, and whether refining has the origin of elves.

Similar to the three electors in the fire elves family, as well as the elders and patriarchs in the fire elves family, they are elves themselves, and they can control and subdue elves. , the strength is outrageous!

"Pfft!"

Alice raised her palm, and the cyan butterfly had endless cyan energy emerging, and strange and obscure patterns were formed in the surging energy.

"How could I possibly lose..."

Xiao Yi's eyes were scarlet, and while the Reincarnation Seal was waving, purple flames penetrated into the latter's body, and on the skin's meridians, purple veins appeared, fists were clenched tightly, and countless purple flames were like wild beasts in a violent state. Resisting Alice's devastating blow.

The powers of the Purple Fire Fist and the Butterfly Elf are quite the same, and it is difficult to distinguish them with the naked eye, but with the sharp eyes of Princess Qianqin, the Second Elder Ma Lin and others, they can smell that the attacking power of the two is clearly not on the same level!

"Boom!"

The two attacks collided with each other, and the sound of muffled thunder continued to reverberate in this world, even in the extremely stable sacred altar barrier The void buzzed, and faint cracks emerged.

"Resist me!"

Xiao Yi felt the terrifying aura in the Butterfly Elf, the Reincarnation Seal was pushed to the extreme, blue veins burst out all over her body, and her eyes were full of endless bloodshots!

Although this kind of attack is tyrannical, it cannot be sustained for a long time. In the blink of an eye, the purple fire fist was torn apart piece by piece by the butterfly elf. Under the invasion of the latter's ancient fluctuations, the purple flame on Xiao Yi's body quickly subsided, even between the eyebrows. The reincarnation seal at the place began to dim. Obviously, this level of battle was too heavy for Xiao Yi.

The original stalemate was completely smashed by the butterfly elf summoned by Princess Alice, and the cyan energy was like a deadly radiance of stars, savagely impacting Xiao Yi's body!

Purple blood flowed down under everyone's attention, and Xiao Yi's face became even more ugly!

"Suffer to death!"

Seeing this scene, Alice nodded and smiled. Immediately, the butterfly elf danced, with a touch of ancient and mysterious fluctuations, it shredded the void directly, and blasted away at Xiao Yi!

"Haha, Princess Alice of the Fire Elf clan really has extraordinary strength."

Just when Alice thought the victory was in her hands, a hearty laughter, accompanied by a deep and vast blue halo, rose into the sky!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: