Chapter Vol 4 1640: Return and leave!

The sky is clear and the sun is shining brightly, and the Central Region is still the prosperous scenery of the past.

In the center of the Central Territory, there is a huge city called Tiancheng. In the city, there are countless treasures, and even the top forces in the countless Central Territories have taken root here.

"People from the Ten Thousand Fire Sect?" At the door of a rather elegant courtyard, Xiao Yan held a rather simple wooden sign in his palm, and the guards immediately looked at Xiao Yan suspiciously.

Since Xiao Yan's reputation has been greatly shaken, the Ten Thousand Fire Sect has been directly ranked among the top forces in the Central Territory because of Xiao Yan. , There is also a place for the Ten Thousand Fire Sect in Tiancheng.

In Tiancheng, there is a space passage back to the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, which was specially built by Xiao Gui. After all, the Ten Thousand Fire Sect base camp is not a short distance from the core of the Central Territory, and the space passage is indispensable as a means of transportation.

"Sir, please come here." After Shunxi, the figure in charge of guarding the gate of the courtyard verified the token and said respectfully to him. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

He was not the original disciple of Ten Thousand Fire Sect, but he joined it later because of Xiao Yan's reputation. After Xiao Yan covered his face now, he could not recognize Xiao Yan for a while, but the token in Xiao Yan's hand , but it is the genuine Ten Thousand Fire Order, this token, I am afraid that only the senior management of Ten Thousand Fire Sect can have it.

"Send me back." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and immediately followed the guards towards the space passage.

"Boom!" After a while, Xiao Yan stepped into the space passage, but it took some time to return to the Ten Thousand Fire Sect from here.

On the other side, in the residence of the Wanhuo Sect, in the mansion.

"Hey, two adults, are you still used to living in the past few days?" At this time, Huo Yi and a group of senior members of the Wanhuo Sect accompanied the four figures, strolling leisurely in a garden, and laughed.

The four people in front of them were Xiao Gui, Luo Menglan, and Xiao Zifan and his wife who had escaped from the fourth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

Following Xiao Yan's instructions, Xiao Zifan and the others came to Ten Thousand Fire Sect directly, and when they saw Xiao Gui for the first time, they recognized the power of the same bloodline.

At that time, the scene was terrifying, and the Ten Thousand Fire Sect was like a great disaster. After all, Xiao Zifan and his wife, no matter who, the strength was far from the power of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect at this time, but now with the dramatic scene, the two also recognized each other. Now that he hides his aura, he temporarily lives in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect.

Moreover, with Xiao Zifan's cunning and cunning state of mind, it is not difficult to see Xiao Gui's thoughts towards Luo Menglan. He is naturally happy to be a father, while Yu Rou'er looks at Luo Menglan and likes it quite a bit.

"Why didn't you come back, big brother?"

"It won't be delayed by anything, right?" Xiao Gui followed Luo Menglan, raised his forehead and looked into the distance.

After dozens of days, Xiao Gui also gradually accepted his parents. Now that his parents are by his side and his beloved is close at hand, the only thing Xiao Gui is worried about is Xiao Yan.

And now Xiao Zifan's hatred for Li Hunyu is also because Xiao Gui has weakened a lot.

"Sect Master, several adults, Lord Xiao Yan, have returned safely." After Shunxi, Huoyun rushed towards here in a hurry, and behind him there was a powerful guy.

Dressed in a black robe, Yihuo Heng ancient ruler modified his body to be quite slender, and his aura became extremely fierce. Even some of the powerhouses surrounding Huo Yi at this time did not have such strength.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Lord Xiao Yan!"

"Big Brother!" Excited voices emerged at the same time, looking at the black-robed man with fiery eyes.

"Hey, everyone, stay safe." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed and came directly to everyone's side. He said with relief, a trace of warmth came spontaneously.

"Four-star Dou Xian mid-stage?" Seeing this, Xiao Gui hit Xiao Yan's chest with a palm, and immediately said with a smile, obviously, he had to thank Xiao Yan for his parents.

"It's just a fluke." Xiao Yan scratched his head and smiled.

"It seems that the deepest thing is no longer in the Earth Spirit Pagoda. You little guy is really unexpected." After a while, Xiao Zifan took a step forward.

"The two seniors." Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and then looked at the two with serious eyes. Xiao Zifan's strength, even in the Earth Spirit Realm, was enough to rank among the best.

"It's good to be back, I'm afraid we have to separate for some time." In an instant, the void squirmled, and the figures of the old ghost of the earth spirit and the headmaster Luo appeared at the same time. Gather at the same time.

"Everyone will discuss slowly, we still have things to go back first." Seeing the emergence of these powerhouses, Huo Yi took the lead in speaking, and immediately all the senior members of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect left here, leaving Xiao Yan and a few people behind. The conversation of the strong is naturally not something they can interfere with.

"Old Di, what are you?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"We've met and communicated before." As they spoke, they looked at Xiao Zifan, it was obvious that the two of them had some plans.

"The two of us have already resigned from the Lingyuan. I'm afraid we will leave the ghost world in the next few days." After a while, the old man said.

"Will you leave the ghost world in a few days?"

"So anxious?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan was even more surprised. Although he had already speculated that Luo Menglan's body was fluctuating like a holy flame, it had not been verified.

"Let me tell you."

"Some forces in Gui'er are restrained and suppressed, and only some special forces in the human world can be completely lifted."

"Lao Luo and the others are the guardians of a certain holy flame. One of the purposes of going back this time is to inherit the holy flame, and the other is to bring them together." Xiao Zifan said with a smile.

"It's the 'Cold Mist Flame' that ranks 20th on the Sacred Flame List." At this time, Luo Menglan, who had always been quiet, said, but this girl's situation seemed to be not very good, and a faint chill appeared all over her body.

"Cold Mist?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

Cold Mist Flame, this is a core of cloud and mist born in the ethereal, mysterious and unpredictable. It is said that it not only has the power of extreme cold, but also has the effect of interfering with the enemy. It is a holy flame that truly integrates offense and defense.

"The place we are going is very close to Meng Lan and the others, so this time, I'm afraid we will be separated temporarily."

"Big brother..." While speaking, Xiao Gui became choked up for a while, unable to speak for a long time.

"If it wasn't for Gui'er insisting on saying goodbye to you, we would probably have left the ghost world at this time, because the 'holy power' in Luo Meng's body is already quite serious, and it is urgent." Headmaster Luo on the side said.

"Since that's the case, seniors, let's set off immediately!" Xiao Yan heard the seriousness of the matter and immediately clasped his fists.

"Little guy, there will be a period in the future!"

"We'll go to Dou Di Continent after we've settled the matter." As soon as the words fell, everyone's bodies disappeared into the void at the same time.

"Be careful on the road."

"There will be a period in the future." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, Xiao Gui's current situation is not in vain for him to call himself a big brother.

After a long time, everyone converged on the Dou Di Continent, and the second World War had already begun.