Chapter 121: Hunyuan Jade Liquid!

Xiao Yan also walked slowly with the unconscious Qing Yuan on his back, looking for a suitable place as he walked.

The movement caused by taking Guben Peiyuan Dan is not small, so I can only find a place downstream of the waterfall.

"Oh, it's actually an emerald stone bed!" Xiao Yan also found a stone while walking down the waterfall with Qing Yuan on his back.

This green stone is indeed no different from an ordinary stone from a distance, but when you get close, you can see that the stone is covered with some rather strange lines, and the surface of the stone is slightly transparent. Put it in a place with strong light, and you can vaguely see some viscous slurry flowing inside...

Xiao Yan's eyes stopped on this green stone for a moment, and he finally let out a sigh of relief. He slowly suppressed the surprise in his heart, bent down, and carefully placed Qing Yuan on the stone that was large enough to accommodate Qing Yuan. on green stones.

"The jade stone bed is a wise choice for healing. I heard that the jade stone bed has many magical effects, such as moisturizing the body, repairing injuries, and using it to give Qingyuan the Guben Peiyuan Dan is obviously more certain."

As soon as the palm touched the green stone, a feeling of warmth immediately came. He gently placed Qing Yuan on it, and there was also a slight sound of water swaying next to it.

Emerald stone bed, river pregnancy bed! Sure enough!

Xiao Yan focused on checking the green stone back and forth for a long while, before finally confirming that the emerald stone bed was not dangerous. After all, it was always right to be careful when going out.

"As expected of the Demonic Beast Mountains, the magic of nature..." Putting Qing Yuan on it, Xiao Yan couldn't help but sigh in his heart. If he were to search for these jade beds outside, he would probably have to spend a lot of money. It can only be found by a man, but here, I encountered it by chance, so I have to sigh the power of nature's creation.

"Since you're ready, let's prepare the neutralizing liquid. With this neutralizing liquid, it will be much easier for this girl to absorb." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

When it comes to configuring the neutralizing liquid, Xiao Yan's face is a little dignified. The neutralizing liquid used for Guben Peiyuan Dan is called Hunyuan Yuye. This kind of thing is extremely difficult to obtain. If the preparation fails this time, the next time If I want to get this treasure again, I don't know when I will get it, so this matter can't be neglected.

Seeing Xiao Yan's dignified appearance, the Golden Dragon King waved his hand, and then an invisible energy barrier appeared around Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry about the configuration. I have placed an energy barrier around this place, and others shouldn't find out..." Although the Golden Dragon King was extremely powerful during his lifetime, he didn't understand the matter of refining medicine, so he couldn't help Xiao Yan too much.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan just felt relieved, and quickly sat cross-legged on the stone bed, but did not act immediately, but closed his eyes slightly, adjusting the fluctuation of his mood and his own state.

The preparation of Hunyuan Jade Liquid will determine the success rate of Qingyuan taking Guben Peiyuan Pill, so this can't allow him to be distracted at all.

Xiao Yan closed his eyes for about half an hour, and finally opened them slowly. In the dark eyes, the ancient well had no waves, like a deep pool, unfathomable...

Breathing out slowly down his throat, Xiao Yan swiped the palm of his hand in front of him, three jade boxes were suspended in front of him, flicked his fingers, the lid of the box was lifted, and a strange fragrance suddenly spread out, making Xiao Yan The spirit is lifted.

A jade box contains the basic material of Hunyuan Jade Liquid, Earth Core Liquid, a jade box contains a black earth stone mother, and the last jade box contains a red medicinal herb blood spirit fruit.

After all, Guben Peiyuan Pill is a first-order imperial medicinal pill, and its medicinal power is too overbearing. It must be neutralized with other medicinal materials, otherwise, Qing Yuan's current body cannot bear it.

Although refining is not a difficult task, especially for the current Xiao Yan, with a move of his palm, a black earth stone mother plant in front of him flew out, and then suspended in front of Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan glanced at the black stone mother plant in front of him, the essence of which must be extracted, and then opened his mouth, the milky white flame spit out directly, and then wrapped it all inside...

As soon as the flame appeared, under the control of Xiao Yan, the temperature suddenly increased to an extremely strong level. Therefore, in less than ten minutes, the surface of the black stone mother was cracked with cracks, and faintly, There is a very faint smell wafting from it.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly, his fingers suddenly flicked, and a weak energy hit the black stone mother, and then the latter made a click, the black color faded, and pieces of **** fell from it. Down, and finally revealed the pale white slurry hidden in it.

With the appearance of this white slurry, Xiao Yan gradually weakened the temperature of the flame, and finally turned into a wisp, which burned under the emerald stone bed. It looked like the flame was steaming and roasting a stone bowl. In the bowl, some white slurry was still churning with tiny bubbles, and every time the bubbles burst, a faint black gas would rise...

This black gas is the poisonous impurity in the earth stone mother. Only after it has been quenched, can it be used to reconcile the Jade Liquid of Primordial Mixture. Otherwise, the preparation of the liquid medicine will not be successful.

This kind of refining, for Xiao Yan, does not take much effort, just ten minutes, the black gas in the white slurry will be driven out...

After completing the extraction of the earth stone mother, Xiao Yan's complexion remained unchanged, and the last remaining medicinal material was also wrapped in Xiao Yan's milky white flame and turned into a red liquid.

After doing all this with ease With a flick of his palm, some delicate jade bottles and utensils came out of his hands, and then his mind moved, each with a small wisp of liquid, from the three jade boxes in front of him. It poured out, and finally, under Xiao Yan's control, it merged into a transparent jade bowl.

"Chichi!"

As soon as the three kinds of liquids intertwined, a faint smoke burst out like moths to a flame. Immediately, they seemed to be extremely hostile, and they directly eroded each other. When they contacted, some tiny air bubbles continued to diffuse out.

Xiao Yan fixed his eyes on the mutual erosion of the three kinds of liquids. After a while, the core liquid and the liquid of the earth stone mother completely dissipated, and what remained was only the slightly mottled red liquid.

"There are a lot of blood spirit fruits..."

Seeing this, Xiao Yan shook his head gently. According to the prescription, the mixed Yuan Jade Liquid prepared was as green as emerald, but now the color in this bowl is quite mottled, and it is obviously a failed product.

For this first failure, Xiao Yan did not feel discouraged. If this thing succeeded for the first time, then luck would be very good, but it was a little distressing. The value of these three materials is too precious. If he fails a few more times, even his heart will bleed.

The traces of ice on Qing Yuan's body on the jade stone bed also melted away, but the strange thing is that Qing Yuan did not move at all, just like a sleeping beauty.

Ask for a ticket~

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм