Chapter 31: set off.

the second day.

Wucheng, in front of the main hall, many servants are also looking up to the sky. In the towering pavilion, a vigorous red fighting qi rises into the sky. The fighting qi is like a brilliant sun, exuding extremely hot fluctuations, and even the air is scorching hot. Burned and twisted.

"Congratulations to send your son off!"

"I wish you a successful return!"

Many voices came from below.

Huh!

The red fighting qi roared out, like a cloud of fire, and on the cloud of fire, a slender figure stood with his hands behind his back, with a look of contempt, he ignored the many people who saw him off, and just turned his eyes to a certain room in the depths of the mansion. Yu.

After a while, he withdrew his gaze, no longer hesitated, stepped on the red grudge, and disappeared into the sky amid all the attention.

Sword King City.

Beneath a lonely peak like a blade.

A figure walked out of the mountain step by step. As he got closer, he realized that it was a young man in a gray robe. However, there was a black cloth wrapped around his eyes, invisible. There was a frightening aura.

Behind him is a black sword. The black sword is simple and simple, as if it has no front, but there is an astonishing sword energy, which radiates out. The stones on the ground where he walked are all It cracked quietly, and the fracture was as smooth as a mirror.

He raised his head, his eyes, which were covered by the black cloth, seemed to be directed to a distant place.

"The Land of Ruins..."

He murmured, his voice extremely hoarse.

"I need a real opponent to sharpen my sword."

"That Jianchi and that Wuhuan from Wucheng should be good opponents, right?"

Hearing the words in his mouth, the black sword behind him vibrated slightly, as if he couldn't wait to compete with the top figures among his peers.

City of Ten Thousand Beasts.

Roar!

There was a deafening beast roar resounding from the city, and then people in the whole city saw a huge winged beast flapping its wings and soaring into the air.

On top of the winged beast, a delicate young girl was sitting on her knees. Her long green hair and her eyes were full of agility and a quirky appearance.

On her tender shoulders, an ice-blue bird was beating and chirping, and there seemed to be boundless coldness in the pair of bird pupils.

"Hee hee, Xiao Han, we can finally go out to play!"

The girl touched the bird, her face full of excitement.

"I heard that the ruins are really fun. I went to a lot of great people. Hehe, no one of the same generation in the city of ten thousand beasts can beat us. I hope those guys won't be too boring. ."

"Let's go!"

The girl shouted loudly, and the winged beast let out a low roar, its wings vibrated, its speed skyrocketed, and the wind flew away.

bang bang bang!

In a city, a bald man dashed out from the city wall, and a long spear stood out behind him!

"The great fortune is mine!" The bald head shouted and disappeared like a ghost, apparently rushing to the ruins,

Boom!

In a martial arts courtyard.

The violent fighting qi burst out and swept across, sending dozens of figures flying upside down in embarrassment.

"Haha, you are too weak!"

"It's boring, it's boring, tell my father, I'm going to the ruins, it's boring to stay here!"

In that chaos, there was only one figure standing in the field. His body was strong, like an iron tower.

Like a ferocious ape.

He grinned and laughed at the crowd, then without any hesitation, he stomped the soles of his feet, and his figure rose into the sky. After a few jumps, he disappeared.

Looking at his leaving figure, everyone in the martial arts institute breathed a sigh of relief, and then burst into cheers.

"This monster has finally left..."

"Finally, I don't have to suffer from him anymore."

"Those guys who go to the ruins are probably going to be out of luck. Once they are entangled by this lunatic, they will be finished..."

To the north of Qingcheng, there is a snowy family.

"Miss, the time has come, the master asked me to inform you that you can leave." Outside a fragrance pavilion, a maid's careful voice sounded.

Inside the incense pavilion, on the soft bed, a snow-white body was wrapped in a thin quilt, but even so, it still outlined that extremely enchanting curve.

Hearing the sound, the person in the quilt sat up, the quilt slipped off, and suddenly revealed a delicate body like mutton fat, with long hair hanging down in front of him, covering the thrilling plumpness.

"Come in." She raised her little face, only to see that her little face was extremely charming, like a goblin, which made people's heart skip a beat.

A maid carefully pushed the door and came in, seeing the **** person on the bed, even as a woman, she couldn't help but turn her gaze on the extremely domineering figure.

The maid entered the room, fetched her clothes, and waited on her to get dressed.

The long black skirt covered her body, which highlighted her exquisite figure, which was slender and plump. The curve alone was enough to attract all the attention.

"Hee hee, thank you Xiaobi, tell my father that when I go out this time, I will definitely find him a perfect son-in-law to come back!" The little demon girl grinned and sweetened the maid's face.

"Miss, the master said that we must obtain good fortune!" The maid reminded helplessly.

"What kind of good fortune can be better and more worry-free than finding a good husband?" The woman in the colorful skirt blinked and giggled.

"Okay Let's go!"

But she didn't laugh too much. She waved her little hand and moved her delicate body, only to see her figure appearing and disappearing from time to time. After a few breaths, she disappeared into the distance.

The maid looked at her ghostly movement and couldn't help but sighed in admiration.

"Miss's movement skills are among the top among the peers in the Xuanling Continent."

This is a gloomy place where bones are buried. White bones are piled up in the mountains, and the whole world is filled with death.

Click.

Suddenly, a voice came from the mountain, and I saw a group of people walking out. The pedestrian's steps were stiff, their bodies were blue, and their eyes were empty. When they looked carefully, they found that they didn't have the slightest vitality.

Like the living dead.

They carried a large sedan chair on their shoulders, and the sedan body was white, but on it, there was a pattern of ghost faces dripping with blood, exuding a sinister and eerie atmosphere.

A cloudy wind whistled, and the white curtains were rolled up.

Under the white curtain, a young face that was pale and bloodless emerged, his eyes were gray, and his body seemed to be wrapped in the aura of death, which made people shudder.

Hundred ghosts carry the sedan chair.

The white sedan chair went away, as if there was a cold voice coming from far away.

"Ye Wang Xing, living people avoid..."

at the same time.

In the entire Xuanling Continent, many famous geniuses have come from all over the world, and their goals are all the same, all pointing to the "land of relics" in the center of the continent.

So, in the entire Xuanling Continent, countless gazes came together.

Everyone wants to know how wonderful it will be when these many proud young heroes collide together.

But no matter what, the current ruins have become the focus of the entire continent.

​​