Chapter Vol 4 2147: Blake digging his own grave!

"This... this is too terrifying, isn't it?"

Gu Xingtian and others teamed up to display an energy barrier to protect all the powerhouses and stay on the ground quietly. Looking at the demon emperor's speed and indescribable indescribable power, he couldn't help but smack his tongue secretly. road.

too strong.

The power of the demon emperor is too powerful, to the extent that the powerhouses like them can only look up to them. Once they make a move, all the powerhouses of the Holy See will be defeated!

The speed was so fast that they didn't have time to blink, and all the guards of the Holy See were defeated!

Between lightning and flint, the battle began and the battle ended, in the blink of an eye.

Is this the grand power of the Demon Emperor?

"Sir Bishop!"

"We...were completely defeated."

Priestess Yuri and several believers at the commander level had a strong sense of fear in their bodies, a trace of bright red blood overflowed from the corners of their mouths, and lay on the ground weakly, unable to speak.

The power of the demon emperor is mysterious and mysterious. From beginning to end, they don't know why they lost!

The demon emperor just showed his animal body and looked around, and the impregnable defense and attack of the Holy See collapsed and collapsed in an instant.

Countless guards with fanatical beliefs, the weapons tightly held in their palms shattered uncontrollably, and all the fighting intentions completely collapsed in their hearts in an instant.

It seems that what they are facing at this time is no longer a level that humans can reach.

Thoughts were surging, under the influence of the demon emperor's demon power, the minds of these Vatican guards were flooded with memories, and the painful memories were erasing the powerful beliefs injected by the Vatican!

These guards were originally ordinary human beings. Under the Holy See's high promotion of the Holy See's divine power, they turned into walking corpses of the Holy See. Now, under the shock of the demon emperor's demon power, their strong beliefs have been shattered, and they have returned to normal human appearances.

"You guys step back, I don't want to kill innocent people indiscriminately."

After the Demon Emperor finished speaking, Zaidu regained his man's body, his blue robe moved with the wind, and stood quietly beside Liu Yun.

"Blake...he is a triple reincarnation rank."

At this moment, Liu Yun was no longer persuading the Demon Emperor, she even felt a little excited in her heart, but everything had to wait until the end of this battle.

"Well...wait for me."

As soon as the voice fell, a faint smile appeared on the Demon Emperor's face, and he slowly lifted into the sky.

Blake, it must be strangled!

"Boom!"

A burst of green mist swept across the city, like thunder and lightning surrounding the void of the holy city, purifying the holy aura above this mighty holy city!

"That's... Divine Power?"

Some of the commoners living in the holy city had no idea what the current situation was. They looked at the demon emperor's magnificent body and called out loudly.

The green mist turned into countless lightnings, suddenly fell from the demon emperor, and then slashed towards Blake one after another.

"It's too pediatric."

"Demon Emperor Sky Mark!!!"

"Susu!"

When Black saw this, the excitement on the corner of his mouth was extremely bright. Immediately, the five angelic purple wings behind him fanned, and a scene of light ripples burst out, which turned out to intercept all the demon emperor's attacks.

"Don't waste my precious time."

The Demon Emperor looked at Blake's frenzied cheeks and smiled.

"Whoa!"

As soon as he finished speaking, an endless green mist slanted out of the Demon Emperor's body like a tidal wave.

Green mist emerged, and immediately formed a green avenue in front of the demon emperor, the avenue leading to the place where Black was hanging high.

In front of the space avenue constructed by this beam of green energy, countless sacred auras and other forces have retreated.

"Demon Emperor, today is the day of your fall!"

"You helped Zhou to be abusive, and you didn't hesitate to help the demon of light with evil power."

"Suffer to death!"

Black roared loudly, and the six angel wings behind him began to wave.

There are six angel wings and five purple ones, but the sixth wing is extremely dim and illusory, and the whole body is white, not purple.

"It's just an inferior angel who can't even reach six wings."

"When the emperor and the archangel competed, you didn't exist yet."

"This is my battle and your disaster!"

On the body of the demon emperor, a trace of green fluorescence appeared, and behind him was a terrifying domineering coercion, causing the entire sky and earth to tremble slightly!

"Angel power!"

"Six Wings Divine Light!"

The purple halo spread out like a falling starry sky, and the seraph behind Black's body completely fell off!

On the six angel wings, in addition to the white illusory sixth wing, the other five wings turned out to have a pure angel soul shadow appearing!

Five angel wings, five angel soul shadows, they dance gracefully, and in the center, the sixth white illusory angel wing stands horizontally, faintly under the singing and whispering of the five angel soul shadows, blooming dazzlingly light.

The breath of endless rays of light tilted down, like the source of angels on the Queen of Angels, extremely holy!

Even the surrounding void, because of such violent and terrifying fluctuations, trembled and burst open, and a suffocating suffocation fell from the sky!

Under this kind of power, even Gu Xingtian and other reincarnation powerhouses can only look up!

Xiao Yan looked pale as he looked at Black's ultimate move, all the power in his body became quiet, an attack of this level already had the ability to collapse the sky, but Xiao Yan felt that the demon emperor's strength was more than that.

Even if he has yet to find the demon world tyrant, his strength is by no means comparable to a triple reincarnation rank!

That is the supreme king of the demon world, the supreme king who has experienced the first world war!

"He was actually able to use the power of the kingdom of angels... He used the power of faith collected by the Holy See and passed on to the kingdom of angels!"

"This attack is too strong, Tianhen..."

The Demon of Light covered her violently undulating chest with her hands, worrying that, based on her experience, she naturally knew the secrets kept by the upper echelons of the Holy See.

"Boom!"

Without any hesitation, the demon emperor stretched out one hand, and countless green auras were released from his body, and immediately formed a series of monsters and beasts. The brilliance soared up, directly facing Bruce's five angel soul shadows. !

"Hoohoho!"

"Ow!"

Dragon Roar Wolf Roar The beasts roared, and hundreds of energy beasts composed of the domineering and demonic energy in the demon emperor penetrated through the void, killing Black directly!

"Boom!"

The void of the holy city sky collapsed like an abyss, and a sense of fragmentation swept out.

"Crack, click!"

The energy of the beasts roared, and instantly wrapped around the angel's wings, and under the influence of this domineering power, the bodies of the five angel souls suddenly stopped singing and swinging, and became slightly scattered and broken, as if they would be destroyed at any time. torn!

"Do not!"

"Do not!!"

"impossible!!!"

"As a spirit creature in the demon world, how could you ignore the divine power of light?"

Looking at the broken souls of the five angels' shadows, Blake's voice suddenly became sharp, and an awe-inspiring, uncontrollable expression emerged!

Along with it, there is an endless chill!

Judging from the information I have collected, the Demon Emperor is clearly afraid of the divine breath of light, but now, in front of him, this divine power is useless and has no suppressive effect!

At this moment, a strong fear was slowly born from the bottom of Blake's heart.

It seems that this time, it is not the honoring ceremony, but digging one's own grave!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: