Chapter Vol 4 1082: The public enemy of Xuan 3 days!

"How could it be possible..." Seeing the figure of Zhu Jin and the four quickly falling down, the Pill Ghost Ye Qingtian and his team of Fighting Immortals couldn't help but change their expressions!

"Hahaha."

"Didn't think of it?" But King Xuanling was suspended under the black-red cloud, and a loud laughter spread to everyone's heart.

"Pfft." The four Zhu Jin gushed out with a mouthful of blood, and then their breath dropped sharply, returning directly to the ground, but their faces were staring at the Xuanling King who was far away in the air, and a wave of fear emerged.

Because at this moment Ai, in the black and red thunder and lightning clouds, a power that makes everyone vaguely restless emerges.

But the attack from the Xuanling King just now was a rather serious blow to the four of them.

"Damn King Xuanling, what kind of power is that behind you!" Shefu's figure just recovered, and he shouted angrily at King Xuanling.

"This is the power of the combination of foreign evil races and ghost qi."

"It's specially reserved to deal with you immortal warriors." King Xuanling also smiled slightly at this time.

"You still admit it..." Zhu Jin muttered as he looked at the King Xuanling with a brighter smile in the sky.

"Yes, you are already the turtles in the urn, so why not admit it?" King Xuanling also admitted without hesitation in the face of Zhu Jin's doubts.

"Hahaha."

"King Xuanling, you are too arrogant."

"You can think about it clearly, the number of strong people here is tantamount to a disaster for your Xuanling royal family." At this time, the Palace Master of the Puppet Palace stood up and said.

"Indeed, in addition to the alliance of their four sects, the strength of the leaders of super sects like you should not be underestimated."

"But do you think that if I have the courage to invite you here, will there be no way to deal with you?"

"Joke!" King Xuanling growled slightly, but no one noticed that the area of ​​the huge black and red cloud continued to expand, and in just a few breaths, it enveloped the entire sky above Xuanling Mountain, and Xuan Cang's The figure also appeared on the cloud very covertly. On the palm of his hand, a rather delicate jade gourd appeared in his hand. In the jade gourd, some liquid like clear water slowly appeared, obviously preparing something.

"Without further ado!"

"Since it has been confirmed that the Xuanling King and the extraterritorial evil clan have colluded with the ghost world..."

"Let's all work together to capture King Xuanling." The next moment, a group of strong immortal warriors led by the Pill Ghost Ye Qingtian said directly.

They knew that the combat effectiveness of Zhu Jin and the others at this time was greatly reduced, and it was a good time for them to contribute.

"These guys..." The four injured Poison Sect Sect Master looked at these people who suddenly changed their countermeasures and couldn't help shaking their heads.

Although their strength is tyrannical, they just didn't shoot together, which is tantamount to consuming too much power.

"Wanjianmen Wine Sword Immortal, Ancient Desolate Hall's Hall Master, Puppet Mansion Hall Master, Purgatory Hall Hall Master, the strength of the four fighting immortals..." King Xuanling said slightly.

"All the members of the Xuanling royal family, stop them!" Xuanling said to a group of strong men behind him, and then the members of the Dragon Addiction Legion and the old man would make another move to try to keep him behind.

As for King Xuanling, a trace of black and red power continued to emerge from his body, gathering towards the cloud.

King Xuanling knew that the power in his body was quite noisy. Even if his strength had been promoted to one-star Dou Xian, he still had many inconveniences.

Therefore, the best way now is to draw the blood of the Ten-colored Swallowing Python to devour the holy flame, and use the power of holy flame to completely wipe out the other forces in one's body, otherwise such noisy power will definitely affect oneself. future practice.

However, before swallowing the holy flame, these ants must be completely dealt with.

"When did the strength of these guys become so strong?" Ye Qingtian, the Pill Ghost, bore the brunt of it, directly facing Dou Xian Qin Tian, ​​and couldn't help but speak.

The power used by the members of the Xuanling royal family is different from that of ordinary people. The power is full of unspeakable evil intentions, which makes many strong people feel a little strange in their hearts.

"Damn...how can I do it now?"

"Our Xuantian and eight super sects have completely torn apart our face with the Xuanling royal family. Are we going to stand on that side?" Outside the altar, some powerful minds of small sects couldn't help but say.

Among these figures, most of them are eight-star or even nine-star fighting emperors, so they are naturally unable to get involved in battles at the level of fighting immortals.

"What should I do now?" Shefu looked at the obvious injuries on the four of them and said.

Strange to say, after the black-red beam attack, the power in everyone's body was faintly suppressed.

"Shefu, go and mobilize the army." Zhu Jin thought for a while, but said.

Among the four, only Shefu is a half-immortal.

"Okay." Shefu heard the words and swept under the altar.

"King Xuanling, it seems that something is brewing..." Looking at the expanding black and red clouds and thunders in the sky, the Sect Master of Poison Sect couldn't help but turn his eyes quickly and said, Sect Master of Poison Sect has a natural sensitivity to toxins. .

"Can the four of them deal with the other powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family..." The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion glanced at the four people who were at war with the Xuanling royal family at this time, and couldn't help but say.

"I'm afraid not……"

"Do it!" And Zhu Jin also snorted coldly, and then his figure exploded, swept away at the dragon-loving legion and the old man in mid-air.

"King Xuanling What the **** are you doing!" And the Sect Master of the Poison Sect also jumped into the sky. In a short period of time, he came to King Xuanling and said to King Xuanling Jiao.

"It's coming soon."

"It won't be long before you can enjoy a feast." But King Xuanling had a rather sinister smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Fuck it, die!" After the Poison Sect Sect Master finished speaking, a trace of colored poisonous miasma appeared on his body in an instant. Obviously, this time, the Poison Sect Sect Master was no longer ready to let go.

"The Seven Immortals are fighting against the Xuanling royal family. I am afraid that the Xuanling royal family is tyrannizing, and this time it has completely fallen..."

"I didn't expect that King Xuanling would make such a low-level mistake." But some of the powerhouses watching the battle shrank their pupils, as if they had seen King Xuanling's fiasco.

"Bang bang bang!" Not long after, with the cooperation of the other six fighting immortals, the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion and the old man were all defeated.

"King Xuanling, it's over." While Zhu Jin was dealing with the other people temporarily, the six fighting immortals went directly to the sky where King Xuanling was.

Seven Fighting Immortals surrounded and hunted the Xuanling King!

"Although it's a pity, the power of fighting immortals is really wonderful." After King Xuanling finished speaking, there was a slight drizzle in the black and red thunder and lightning clouds.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The continuous drizzle was bland and unpredictable, but it was like the wrath of the sky, lightly beating on the bodies of the seven fighting immortals.

Three shifts today