Chapter Vol 2 738: success

On the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion, where the treasured Dou Ji scrolls of the Hall of Humanity are stored, the old guard in the stone hall slowly opened his eyes.

"It's the last day, little guy, it's almost it." After the old guard finished speaking, he suddenly felt a familiar wave from the golden scroll. This wave should be Xiao Yan.

At this time, among the golden scrolls, there is an independent space.

"Calculate the time, it should be almost the same." Xiao Yan opened his eyes slightly and said.

During the past few days, Xiao Yan has been closing his eyes and pondering, carefully comprehending the cultivation method passed on by the shadow of the moving sky ruler. The cultivation method of this moving sky ruler is quite mysterious. There is also a lot of confusion about his perception, but fortunately, there is a phantom that moves the sky to explain it, which is easy.

"good."

"In the past ten or so days, although you haven't mastered the moving sky ruler, you have mastered the essentials of moving the sky ruler. If so, I am relieved." There was a hint of relief in the voice.

After all, before the phantom he left behind disappeared, someone inherited his fighting skills, and the phantom that moved the sky slowly smiled.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan got up slightly, looked at the moving sky ruler and bowed. Until now, Xiao Yan didn't understand why this fighting skill scroll could not be opened unless it was a holy flame.

The power needed to move the ruler is as strong as strong, and it must be holy flame.

"Okay, this Dou Ji Pavilion is about to be closed. In the last power of my phantom, I will cover up this Dou skill for you, look at it!" After Yi Tianchi phantom finished speaking, he suddenly had an ancient aura all over his body. diffuse out.

This aura just appeared, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan suddenly resonated with great joy, as if the power of the phantom that moved the sky was quite attractive to him!

"I'll lend you a ruler." The phantom of the moving ruler was suspended in the sky of the golden desert, and a monarch-like terrifying aura burst out suddenly, and then called out to Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan saw this, he immediately took off the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler behind him and projected it towards the phantom of the Heaven-shifting Ruler!

“Shabu Shabu!”

"It's really good!"

"Such a good ruler cooperates with my powerful fighting skills, and this is not the name of shifting the sky." The shadow of the shifting ruler took over the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire that was projected by Xiao Yan, and smiled slowly, while shifting the sky. Every time Chi Xuying touched the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng would resonate extremely happily, which made Xiao Yan even more curious about this ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng.

"Okay." Tian Tian Chi Xuying snorted coldly, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"Senior, please." At this time, Xiao Yan focused all his attention on the shadow of the moving sky ruler. Although he had already had a glimpse of the way to cultivate the sky moving ruler these days, he didn't do it after all, so it was still worse. Some of the heat, now the creator of this moving sky ruler is covering up for himself, how could Xiao Yan let such a great opportunity pass.

"Concentrate, calm down."

"Conditioning breath."

"You have to remember that at this moment, the ruler in your hand is a part of your life, you are the ruler, and the ruler is also you." Tian Tianqi Xuying closed his eyes slightly and said to Xiao Yan.

For some reason, with the phantom of moving the sky ruler, Xiao Yan clearly felt that an extremely dazzling force was poised to strike.

"Moving the sky ruler!" At the next moment, the shadowy eyes of the moving sky ruler suddenly opened, and a breath like the awakening of a giant dragon burst out suddenly, and then the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire on the palm of the virtual shadow flashed a very dazzling light. , that dazzling light roared away directly at the underground golden desert, and its terrifying degree was no less than Xiao Yan's full-strength strike!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying sky-moving ruler drives the extremely destructive power, forcibly blasting a huge gap in the golden desert, and even a trace of the remaining ruler force, which makes people afraid meaning.

"What a terrifying fighting skill." Although Xiao Yan did not feel the full power of this sky-moving ruler for the time being, Xiao Yan's soul perception clearly told himself that if such a terrifying attack hit him, I am afraid You have to peel off your skin if you don't die!

If it hits a normal six-star Dou Emperor Consummation or a Seven-star Dou Emperor, I am afraid it can be killed instantly.

"Even if the attack method of this moving sky ruler is like this, the human ruler is one, and the power of destruction erupts."

"As for the specific secrets, it still needs your logistics and practice in the future." The illusory shadow of the moving sky ruler slowly put away the ancient ruler of different fire and eternal, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"This junior has been taught." Seeing this, Xiao Yan agreed with a guilty conscience. Indeed, although the fighting skills of this saint class are quite powerful, only with more practice can they exert their power.

"Okay, after talking about the attack method of moving the sky ruler, let's talk about the defense method." When Xiao Yan seemed to have a sense, the virtual shadow gave Xiao Yan a strange smile.

"Defense method?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words.

According to what Mu Xuzi said, isn't this Heaven Shifting Ruler only an attack method? When did a defensive method come out?

"Hehe, just by looking at you like this, you know that you don't understand this fighting skill."

"Moving the ruler of the sky, moving the ruler of the sky, the name of moving the sky, isn't it a vain name?"

"The power of this moving sky ruler may not be too strong in the attack, but I dare to say that this defense method, I am afraid that it can definitely be at the top of all the known holy rank fighting eyes!" The virtual shadow is extremely proud. The way, the voice is full of pride for this fighting skill.

"If you don't believe me."

"You try to attack me with all your strength." Xu Ying immediately spoke when he saw Xiao Yan's dubious attitude.

"Okay." Xiao Yan agreed, and then without hesitation, the bright earth-yellow holy flame, the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock appeared instantly.

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" A fearful voice echoed in this golden desert, and Xiao Yan immediately displayed the source power of holy flame once again!

This is the most tyrannical attack that Xiao Yan has mastered right now.

"Good boy, the mastery of Shengyan is so high."

"But that's fine Let you know the tyranny of my fighting skills." After moving the sky ruler phantom, he smiled strangely, and then the ancient ruler of the eternal fire in his hand emitted a burst of extremely bright light. the power of!

"Boom boom boom!" The ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng and Xiao Yan's holy flame had just touched, but they did not make a heaven-shattering sound as expected, but Xiao Yan's terrifying holy flame was touching Yihuoheng. After the sky-shifting ruler displayed by the ancient ruler, it froze strangely!

"Move the ruler!"

"Move it to me!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the shadow of the moving sky ruler suddenly drank, and Xiao Yan's huge holy flame was instantly swallowed up by the moving sky rock and disappeared!

"This..." Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw it. He was very aware of the horror of this holy flame's power, how could it be easily resolved by moving the sky ruler.

"Boom boom boom!" Not long after, thousands of kilometers away from Xiao Yan and the others, a destructive mushroom cloud slowly rose up. It felt like it was his own holy flame power!

"Boy, do you understand?"

"Although the Heaven-shifting Ruler attack is also a holy-level fighting skill, it is ultimately a more terrifying means of defense." After the phantom had performed this blow, it seemed that he had lost all his vitality, and said to Xiao Yan.

"So that's the case." Xiao Yan nodded in understanding, the last moment of this phantom just now gave Xiao Yan a lot of insights.

"It's good to understand, it's not in vain for our fate."

"Boy, do it yourself." After the virtual shadow finished speaking, it suddenly turned into a ray of light and dissipated in an instant, obviously using all his strength.

"Junior sends senior respectfully!" Xiao Yan put away the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and immediately respected the place where the moving ruler disappeared.

At this point, the journey to the Fighting Skill Pavilion is perfectly over!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: