Chapter Vol 4 1915: The final battlefield, the wild demon realm!

The latest website: In ten days, the strength and aura of Xiao Yan and others were completely restored, and the remaining Monster Beast Legion was also completely new. Obviously, there have been huge changes in both strength and mentality.

But don't underestimate this team of only 100 people, I am afraid that in the face of the real monster army of about 10,000, they can also fight against it.

"Sir, now it's time for us... to go to the final battlefield." At this moment, the eyes of the hundred elites behind them were flickering with unusually fierce light. They were ready to fight, and they looked at Xiao Yan and Tianhu Yaoshuai loudly, the heat in their bodies was burning. Hard to hide.

"Well...it's time." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, his eyes became deep, he naturally knew that the next battle would be more intense than here!

The top contact between the three elites of the demon emperor, at that level, I am afraid that there will be reincarnation powerhouses involved. After all, in this ancient battlefield, even the powerhouses in the center of the demon world cannot perceive, so the reincarnation powerhouse, I am afraid will be the key to victory.

And even if Xiao Yan's demonic cube is full now, it is enough to make Xiao Yan demonize without any backlash, Xiao Yan is more than enough but lacking in strength. It is one of the few terrifying forces in the Great Thousand World.

"The three armies obey the order." After a short thought, it seemed that there was a result and a plan, and Xiao Yan's loud voice suddenly filled the air.

"Wait...here!" The imposing voice shook this clean and pure battlefield, and his eyes were fixed on this guy.

"Wait, guard here, led by Demon Commander Tianhu, to guard the last retreat for our Lord Heisha Longlang, and I will personally go to the final battlefield to provide reinforcements." Yu Yin curled up, forming a scene of thunder blasting in the void ring.

"what?"

"Guard here?"

"Let Lord Yaoshuai go alone..."

"Sir, we are not cowards. We are willing to rush to the forefront and fight to kill the enemy. Even if we are the first soldiers, we will never complain." Seeing Xiao Yan's words, the hundreds of monsters behind him couldn't help roaring, they didn't know it at all. Xiao Yan, what does this mean?

They have fought side by side together, and they are naturally unwilling to face the separation at this time, and this situation undoubtedly makes them feel resentful because they are regarded as people who are greedy for life and fear of death.

"Tianhu, tell me." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan turned his head slightly and said handsomely to the Tianhu demon behind him.

"I understand what your lord means."

"As early as when we entered the ancient battlefield, Lord Ten Thousand Demon King told me privately that this is the last way for our entire army to retreat. Even if we can't clear the evil eye demon king, we must try our best to clear a way out. ."

"So the importance of this Tianyuan battlefield is not weaker than the charge."

"I understand what you mean."

"But...protection is more important than fighting." Tianhu Yaoshuai's earnest words emerged, shocking every monster.

"Wait, you understand."

"Lord Xiao Yan, you have to come back alive." For a while, the pupils of the hundred monsters were wet, looking at the black-shirted man standing quietly above the void, and choked up, Xiao Yan's figure was deeply imprinted in their minds. As long as you need it, go through fire and water, and do whatever it takes!

"Don't worry, this commander's life is very big."

"Everyone, there will be an appointment in the future!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and with the help of the spirit of the demon book, he directly tore through the void and walked towards the final battlefield, his figure was quite handsome.

"There is always a hunch that Sir Xiao Yan will become a true hero who deserves his name in the demon world." Seeing Xiao Yan's departure, a strange scene slowly emerged in the hearts of a group of strong men.

One's glory is supreme!

...

In the demon world, it can be said that the outside world is now in a state of panic, and they are fighting everywhere, making the demon hearts in the demon world quite dissatisfied.

Among the ancient battlefields, there are ten major battlefields.

In addition to today, the Tianyuan battlefield was turned around by Xiao Yan with the help of an earth-shattering force, the other eight battlefields were divided by the remaining six demon commanders. In addition, it was the first battlefield among the ancient battlefields. .

The Wild Demon Realm, this is the largest space in the huge first battlefield. At this time, three forces are slowly arguing. Among them, these three forces are the top battles in the demon world today.

The tyrant of Tianxiong, the white bone evil king and only the army of the black evil dragon and wolf guards.

At this time, the colorful and mottled demonic energy was like thick liquid, slowly overflowing, and the demonic energy was soaring into the sky, like a real sinister scene.

"Sir, in the Tianyuan battlefield, all the power of the evil-eyed demon king disappeared in an instant. I don't know who did it." At this time, on a mountain peak, several rather majestic figures stood here, and one of them was a black shadow. The guards came to report.

"Oh?"

"All the power of the evil-eyed demon king disappeared?"

"What about the evil-eyed demon king?" A man in black at the edge of the tree stood up, quite puzzled.

"The demon king is also missing, and at this time, countless evil auras in the Tianyuan battlefield have been expelled, and it has become like a pure land. This pure and sacred aura is probably not possessed by the six demon kings." At this moment , the guard whispered.

"The strength of the seven demon kings is similar, and it is unlikely that a single demon king can do it so quietly."

"Send someone down to have a look. Now that our three armies are at war, we can't draw too much strength."

"Let them go to the petty fights of the seven demon kings." After Shunxi, a woman with a crane-haired face spoke with a charming figure, but her voice was full of irresistible fluctuations.

That is the fluctuation of reincarnation.

"Yep……"

"How is the personal guard of the Black Devil Dragon Wolf?" With this powerful voice, several people slowly quieted down and asked Zai Du after a while.

"After the Heisha Dragon Wolf's personal guards were defeated by the Tianxiong violent army, they fled in the battlefield, but now, although the Heisha Dragon Wolf still hasn't shown up, the many demon kingdoms under his command have already brought the army before him. Come for reinforcements."

"For a while, he was also unable to support him alone. I'm afraid it won't be long before he will ask you for support," the guard scout continued.

"Well, we're waiting."

"By the way, take a good look at the aura of the Black Demon Dragon Wolf, this guy was the real confidant of the Demon Emperor before he was sealed I'm afraid I have found a lot of ways to break the Demon Emperor's seal over the years, no matter what. , can't let him succeed."

"Otherwise, once the demon emperor is broken, the pattern of the demon world, it is good that there is no suspense." The first figure said solemnly.

"Does this so-called demon emperor really have such audacity?" At this moment, a terrifying arc of light that surpassed the heavens and the earth danced on the fingers of the enchanting woman.

That kind of aura is actually of the light attribute, but this guy is not a strong man from the Holy See, but a reincarnation powerhouse cultivated by the White Bone Demon King Army who arbitrarily deprived the resources of the demon world after the demon emperor was sealed!

The White Bone Demon King, this enchanting woman with crane-haired hair, and the extremely powerful guy around him, Samsara and the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, one after another, made this space truly tremble.

As for Tyrant Tianxiong, he was in a tense fight because he had a lot of grievances with the Black Devil Dragon Wolf.

For a time, the Wilderness Demon Realm was also in jeopardy.