Chapter Vol 4 1832: Saint Flame List 14, Eternal Nightmare Flame! ...

"Boom!" After the deafening voice emerged, two extremely fierce attacks fell instantly.

The pitch-black finger awns under the blessing of the strange flowers turned into brown flames were mixed with unparalleled terrifying power. In an instant, Xiao Yan's dragon arm palm, accompanied by the heavy feeling of the water attribute, slammed heavily on it.

"Crash!" The monstrous water curtain and the huge dragon palm transformed by Xiao Yan's dragon arm just touched the brown flame and black light, and a sharp and ear-piercing sound emerged, and then bursts of white mist came one after another from the point where the two attacked.

"Hahaha...Boy, it's over!" After Shunxi, watching Xiao Yan's attacks retreating steadily, Soul Jianghai snorted coldly, and a gloomy voice filled the void.

"The realm of wood, the cage of ten thousand trees!" Just as Soul Jianghai came with overwhelming momentum, a rare smile flashed in Xiao Yan's eyes, and there was no sign of retreating. The dazzling flames on his body were instantly wiped with life. It is wrapped in a very strong green aura.

"Not good!" At this moment, Rao, with the power of Soul Jianghai, also smelled a sense of danger from Xiao Yan in front of him.

"Chichi!" Hun Jianghai just found out that something was wrong, he controlled his attack and quickly escaped from here, but how could Xiao Yan give him a chance.

Sharp green vines emerged from the ground uncontrollably, and immediately without any hesitation, under the control of Xiao Yan, green rays of light flashed above the countless green vines, and they suddenly attacked the soul river sea. Go, this green light contains an extremely tyrannical repressive power!

"Death!" Seeing Xiao Yan's fierce attack, the black finger awns around Hun Jianghai surrounded by brown flames were quickly dissolved at a speed visible to the naked eye. , raised his footsteps and attacked Xiao Yan.

"It's just a phantom." Xiao Yan snorted coldly and waved his palms. Countless green tentacles seemed to have life, attacking the phantom from an extremely sharp and cunning angle.

Illusions, to put it bluntly, are just creatures condensed with their own fighting spirit, and they are not as strong as beasts and summons.

"Destroy me!" Looking at the dying phantom creature, Xiao Yan's eyes were bright, his palms and fists were wrapped in amber flame soul fire, and suddenly burst out. After being bound by green Tengman, the phantom that was like a target was completely annihilated in Xiao Yan. Fire this blow.

"It seems that I really underestimate you." The black mist around him kept squirming, and there were countless bleak and gloomy screams in the vagueness, Soul Jianghai snorted coldly.

"Come on with your true strength, otherwise..." The wood attribute around Xiao Yan suddenly stopped attacking and quietly crawled beside Xiao Yan.

This ten thousand wood cage is one of the two holy-rank fighting skills, and it is the strongest single-person imprisonment and restraint fighting skills mastered by Xiao Yan, but every time Teng Man touches the body of Soul Jianghai, he is not blackened all over When the fog resisted, it directly penetrated through his body, which made Xiao Yan quite puzzled.

"Then... as you wish!"

"Wanhunhua!" Hearing Xiao Yan's reckless words, a terrifying aura emerged from the black robe of Soul River Sea.

"Hum!" A trace of brown flames separated directly from the black mist, and then quietly crawled in front of the soul river sea. At the same time, a beautiful white flower, like a magic flower blooming in hell, bloomed countless Evil Mang.

"It turned out to be the fourteenth-ranked Eternal Nightmare Flame on the Sacred Flame List." Looking at Soul Jianghai's methods, Xiao Yan also successfully deduced the source of the brown flame.

Eternal Nightmare Flame, this is a very special holy flame, because it feeds on demonic cultists for a living, so this leads to the human beings who can subdue it.

However, Xiao Yan clearly remembered that the original skill of this holy flame was an eternal nightmare.

That is to create a huge illusion that covers thousands of miles, and bring all the human beings in the entire world into the illusion. The human beings in the illusion will produce many beautiful environment images, so they go out very much. Over time, the energy of the angry soul is constantly being destroyed The holy flame absorbs them, and thus suffers a lot. After they are exhausted, they will be completely transformed into the nourishment of the holy flame.

"Buddha's anger... Reincarnation!" Taking a deep breath, Xiao Yan's palm, the amber flames danced quietly, after a while, looking at the deadly aura above the magic flower, Xiao Yan's palm, an order The delicate lotus seeds that were trembling violently in the surrounding space gently emerged.

The lotus seeds stood quietly like the medicinal pills of Lord Longan. There were four colors, which were quite dazzling. Even this world became quiet after the appearance of the four-color lotus seeds.

"Your holy flame is mine!" Looking at the exquisite lotus seeds in Xiao Yan's hands, Soul Jianghai smelled a wave of infinitely close to death from it, but after a brief hesitation, he still laughed.

In the early stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal, he even had the existence of Sheng Yanzihuo. How could he be defeated by a waste who was barely promoted to the late Six-Star Fighting Immortal stage with external force?

"Come on!" With a wave of his big hand, the four-color lotus seeds contained a touch of dazzling fire, and they were gently projected towards the soul river and sea. At that time, this space suddenly collapsed, and countless ghosts and ghosts were completely eaten away.

"Wanhunhua, swallow it for me!" Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying offensive, Hun Jianghai laughed, and then he pushed his palms heavily, and a terrifying energy and lamp emerged from the flowers, and for a time, the space shock.

"Boom!" The delicate lotus seeds seem to be weak and small, but the power contained in them has reached an indescribable level. When they just touched the magic flower, there was a harsh collision and friction sound. Spreading out, bursts of white smoke continued to spread out from the place where the two clashed, and the battle situation was anxious.

"Chichi!" After the breath, the four-color lotus seeds became unsupported, and the countless evil forces above the magic flower took the upper hand.

"Reincarnation of Buddha's anger, bloom." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan closed his eyes gently and muttered.

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, the Buddha's Furious Samsara suddenly contracted like a heart, and then suddenly expanded, with a thud, the space trembled violently, and exploded directly in mid-air.

At this moment, the world turned pale, and even dozens of magnificent palaces in the royal city around the altar were completely annihilated by the heat wave of Buddha's wrath.

"Weng Om!" At this moment, the magic flower seemed to have received an irresistible force, and immediately contracted like a four-color lotus seed, and then swelled.

However, how could Firefly Ash win glory with Haoyue, and how could the mere Saint Yanzihuo, even if it was cast by the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, be comparable to the power of the fusion of the four Saint Flames?

At the same time, the power that the magic flower erupted was completely wiped out by the destructive power of the Buddha's wrath, and at the moment when the four-color fire lotus exploded, Soul Jianghai's pupils shrank tightly, apparently sensing something.

"Four... four holy flames?"

"How is that possible?" Looking at the spectacular scenery in the void like a furnace of flames, Soul Jianghai's expression finally became solemn, and a fear of death entangled in his heart unconsciously.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.