Chapter Vol 4 1653: Amnesia?

"Four fingers in the sky!" Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and a terrifying offensive was brewing directly, because Xiao Yan knew that he was only in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals, and most of these spirit beasts were stronger than him, and even more powerful. Needless to say, there are still a few of them are at the level of five-star fighting immortals. If Xiao Yan keeps any hand, I am afraid that Xiao Yan himself will suffer.

On the other hand, Irene stood quietly and stood still, as if looking at the little girl in the distance, a trace of memory flooded into her heart, but she couldn't remember who this guy was for a while.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's voice fell, and the ancient giant fingers filled with dazzling power filled Xiao Yan's body. In addition to the extremely terrifying fire attribute fighting qi in Xiao Yan's body, the attack power contained in the giant fingers, It's appalling.

"Humanity!"

"This is none of your business, I advise you not to interfere in our business, otherwise..." Seeing Xiao Yan suddenly making such a terrifying fluctuation, several leaders of the soul beasts raised their arrogant heads and glared at Xiao Yan. Although their strength is stronger than Xiao Yan, they are quite afraid of Xiao Yan's such a tyrannical blow. After all, flames have strong restraint on these guys, not to mention Xiao Yan's strong force with holy flames. By.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"This little girl, I must save it." Xiao Yan said with a firm look, not too lazy to talk nonsense with them.

"This guy is our food. If you insist on doing this, I'm afraid..." Due to the terrifying attack on Xiao Yan's body, several leaders also maintained a trace of respect towards Zhen.

"That's none of my business." Xiao Yan ignored it, shrugged and smiled, the warning in his voice was very obvious.

"You're courting death!" Hearing Xiao Yan's firm tone, several leaders glared at him, and a tyrannical aura spread throughout the forest.

"The second transformation of the Dragon God, Longwei!"

"Hoohoho!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan slammed his dazzling giant fingers towards it, but was easily blocked by it. Looking at this appearance, Xiao Yan's body disappeared after a while, and when Du appeared, a golden streak appeared. The giant dragon beat slowly, and the deafening terrifying roar spread out like a sound wave.

"Dragon?"

"Run!" Seeing Xiao Yan's sudden scene, the leading powerhouses cast a gloomy glance at the little girl who kept running away. Looking at the extremely realistic giant dragon in front of them, they immediately retreated without stopping.

They know that even if their strength reaches the five-star fighting immortal, they cannot compete with the dragon clan, because that is the absolute suppression above power.

"Huhu." After the retreat of these spirit beasts one after another, the dragon body suddenly dissipated, and Xiao Yan's figure appeared, but there were also many beads of sweat on his forehead. It was obvious that he used this dragon **** like a blind trick. The second change requires a lot of Xiao Yan's strength.

The second transformation of the Dragon God only has a fatal suppression on the Dragon Clan, and the suppression of other races is not too great. Now this scene is completely beyond Xiao Yan's expectations, otherwise there will be a **** storm.

"Huh... Where's that little girl?" After knocking the enemy back, Xiao Yan glanced away, only to find that the little girl who had just tried to escape had disappeared!

Xiao Yan's current field of vision is only a few hundred meters away, and the entire distance of one hundred meters is the fog of immortality. It is unknown what danger lies behind the fog, so Xiao Yan did not dare to step into it for a while.

"Xiao Yan, she is here." Xiao Yan became puzzled for a while, but a sweet voice sounded at Xiao Yan from behind him.

"Irene?" Xiao Yan heard this and turned his head, but Irene's body was slightly bent, and her obscure eyes stared at Xiao Yan tentatively.

It was the mysterious little girl just now, but this little girl seemed to be very afraid of Xiao Yan. She hid behind Irene tightly, and squinted at Xiao Yan from the corner of her eye, her eyes were evasive.

"This guy..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head and walked towards him with light steps, but he was quite puzzled by this little girl's appearance.

"Sister, bad guy..." Seeing Xiao Yan approaching, the little girl's breathing became rapid, her little hands tightly squeezed the corner of Irene's clothes, and she looked at Xiao Yan solemnly.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan was not ready to ask the little girl anything, and asked directly to Irene.

"This little girl has lost her memory." Irene lowered her head slightly and looked at the little girl in front of her with loving eyes. She said helplessly, when Xiao Yan was fighting the soul beast just now, Irene tried to negotiate with the little girl, but the young The girl kept shaking her head.

Although the little girl's clothes are quite tattered, the lines on her body are extremely soft, and she is small and compact, and her skin is even more Baizhi, which naturally makes Erin'er like it.

"Amnesia?" Xiao Yan heard the words, the boss with his mouth open in surprise, such a **** plot... He was actually bumped into by himself?

I originally thought that I could find some useful value from the little girl, but I didn't expect this girl to lose her memory?

"It shouldn't have let those spirit beasts go, it should know something." A burst of regret appeared in Xiao Yan's body.

"I seem to have seen records about this little girl in the teacher's notebooks before." Seeing Xiao Yan's surprised expression, Irene explained She must be related to the Undying Fire, right? "Xiao Yan asked tentatively. According to some fluctuations in the immortal leaves just now, Xiao Yan was also able to guess.

"How do you know?" Now it was Irene's turn to be surprised. The little girl's identity was mysterious. If she hadn't been lucky enough to remember some records, I'm afraid even she wouldn't know the details of this little girl, but even so, Irene was also I didn't completely remember the true identity of this little girl, but there was really a record in the teacher's notebook, and I couldn't remember it for a while.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan said with a grin, although Irene's background is clear enough to make a real friendship, but these things like undead leaves are the most important part of Xiao Yan's fight for undead fire, and he can only pretend to be crazy and sell stupidly.

"This little girl has something to do with Sheng Yan, but I'm afraid I need to recall the specific things slowly." Seeing Xiao Yan pretending to be crazy, Irene didn't ask questions. These actions of Xiao Yan, Irene was the headmaster of the underground courtyard. The disciple, of course, knew Xiao Yan's careful thoughts and did not expose it. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Little guy, what's your name?"

"Can you tell my sister?" After blinking, Irene squatted down slightly, two dimples appeared on the corner of her mouth and asked with a smile. As for Xiao Yan, she was tens of meters away from the two, with a helpless expression on her face.

"Little...Little Zhuoma." The little girl looked at Irene, who was smiling, and her vigilance disappeared a lot, and she said to her.

"Little Dolma?"

"Since this guy is related to undead fire, and there are two kinds of holy flames and undead leaves in my body, how can he be afraid of me?"

"Is it because he noticed the aura of the two holy flames?"

"Or... that Fen Jue that can devour Sheng Yan?" At the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan also had a bold guess about the identity of this little girl.