Chapter 468: Battle against Medusa Snake Guard Squad Leader!

"It seems a little strange here..." The lone wolf, who had always been silent, stared hesitantly at the desert road in front of him.

For some unknown reason, an abnormality emerged from under the sand.

That feeling, as if there is something under the front!

At this time, Tang Tang, the coyote and the lone wolf are all at the back of the team.

"Lone wolf?"

"What's the matter?" Tang Tang, who was on the side, noticed the strangeness of the lone wolf, and then she became a little vigilant in her voice, and said after looking around constantly.

"Something is approaching!"

"Be vigilant, vigilant, vigilant!" The next moment, Lone Wolf shouted abruptly. At the same time, a huge vindictive aura emerged from the body instantly, alerting him to the danger of breakthroughs around him at any time!

"Although this lone wolf doesn't have a huge soul power, its sensing ability is quite good, and it can actually find such obscure things." Xiao Yan, who was at the head of the team, said in surprise.

The desert in front of the seven people did have some other abnormalities, but Xiao Yan wanted to see what it was, so he didn’t make a sound to remind everyone, but it was still discovered by the lone wolf, and Xiao Yan was also slightly concerned about it. shock.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, the desert in front of the seven people wriggled violently!

"Introduced into the territory of the Medusa family without authorization."

"Kill Wushe!" A cold hum slowly came from all directions, and then in the desert in front of Xiao Yan and the others, the sand flowed, revealing three snake men with graceful curves.

"A seven-star fighting emperor and two six-star fighting emperors..." Tang Tang's always calm face appeared a little dignified. Obviously, the pressure these three snake people put on Tang Tang is not ordinary!

On the other hand, Tang Tang’s lineup on their side, an eight-star fighting emperor, a seven-star fighting emperor, two six-star fighting emperors, and three five-star fighting emperors, this is the case, but Tang Tang’s pretty face is dignified but does not reduce any points. .

Although Tang Tang's lineup is stronger than those of the three snake people, it has not yet reached its goal. In order to preserve power, Tang Tang will not rashly dispatch all power. After all, this is among the Medusa clan. If the fight attracts other powerful snake people, then the result of the group will only be more miserable!

"Shabu Shabu!" The three snake men were the three guards who had just left from the blue and white snake.

Just after the three snake men finished speaking, they suddenly moved, and then the high speed of movement stirred up the desert!

With the speed generated by this height, the sand in the desert was driven up, and a terrifying hurricane mixed with yellow sand was slowly forming!

"If I expected it well, these three should be Medusa Snake Guards." Tang Tang snorted slightly, the vindictiveness on his body slowly exuded, and then surprisingly did not use all his power, the breath that came out was only The initial stage of the Seven Star Dou Di.

"Medusa Snake Guard?" Mu Yingying heard some surprises in her beautiful eyes.

"Yes, the Medusa Snake Guard is said to be a team that surpasses the entire Medusa's nine tribes. It is said that its captain is a dangerous person with the strength of the nine-star Dou Di. As for the Snake Guard among the Medusa Snake Guards, Its strength is above the six-star Dou Emperor, and if the team leader is the least powerful, it is also the seven-star Dou Emperor!"

"Looking at the formation of these three people, it should be a squad leader and two snake guards!" Tang Tang slowly said.

"Do you need our help?" Xiao Yi on the side said.

"No need for now, my team and I will deal with them!"

"Once you get out of their tracking, leave immediately, the desert area will be here soon!" After Tang Tang finished speaking, he glanced at Xiao Yan who was not far away, wondering what he was thinking.

"Strange, the soul power of this Snake Guard team leader is a bit terrifying. He actually entered the Emperor Realm. I think he is also an excellent existence among Medusa Snake Guards." At the moment when the enchanting woman appeared, Xiao Yan was also early Already discovered.

"But this Tang Tang seems to be a woman, but she really deserves to be the head of the Blood Blade Mercenary Corps. This combat experience is so rich." Xiao Yan admired Tang Tang's arrangement. In this situation, the three five-star fighting emperors became a burden.

"Coyote Lone Wolf, fight quickly!"

"Wu Yu, protect him."

"You two, act accordingly!" Tang Tang snorted lightly, his body filled with aura, and a terrifying wave slowly appeared on his body.

"In the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor and the two Six-Star Dou Emperors, they were successful... But the power of flame on that handsome man was extraordinary, and it actually made me feel secretly uneasy in my body."

"It's just strange, the man behind the back actually has a somewhat familiar aura..." Among the three snake men, the very enchanting Snake Guard team leader moved his red lips slightly before speaking.

"Squad leader, let's start, make a quick decision and then go to support Lord Blue and White Snake. After all, Lord Blue and White Snake also said that it's not very peaceful recently." Another snake man said.

"En." The Snake Guard team leader agreed softly, and then the three suddenly stopped their pace, but with the monstrous aura created by the three of them earlier, there was a huge 100-zhang (hundred-zhang) line beside Xiao Yan and the others. Hurricane is coming!

The yellow desert accompanied by the hurricane is extremely terrifying!

If you are involved in it, I am afraid that you will peel off your skin if you don't die!

The next moment, the Snake Guard Squad Leader among the three, closed his eyes, and then gently scratched his jade-like white and flawless skin, and a drop of bright red blood dripped directly down!

Then, just as it was about to drip onto the front, the Snake Guard Squad Leader Jade hand instantly grabbed and waved it hard!

Immediately, the blood flew towards the Baizhang Hurricane!

"Shabu!" With the injection of this drop of blood, the color of the Baizhang hurricane became extremely strange!

From the yellow sand at the beginning to the current emerald color!

In the emerald-colored hundred-zhang hurricane, a dangerous wave of terror containing a deadly poisonous miasma slowly appeared in front of everyone!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With the injection of this venom, Xiao Yan could feel that under the high-speed rotation of the hurricane, an extremely dense poisonous miasma constantly invaded their only 100 meters of space!

Once this poisonous miasma fills the space they are in, plus the three snake guards, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's situation will be extremely bad!

"Not good!" Tang Tang's eyes were sharp, and just saw the Medusa Snake Guard team leader put his blood containing deadly venom into the Baizhang hurricane, a shuddering feeling was born from the bottom of my heart!

Tang Tang took down the mask that covered his appearance, let out a coquettish anger, and increased his speed to the extreme. Then, with the fierce fighting spirit of the monstrous Seven Star Dou Emperor in the early days, he ignored the Medusa Snake Guard team leader!

However, Tang Tang and the three snake guards are a lot of distance away, even if Tang Tang reacts extremely quickly, after launching the offensive, the terrifying emerald hurricane has already taken shape!

"Protect the squad leader!" The other two Medusa snake guards saw this, looked at each other, and their green grudges emerged, and then tried to resist Tang Tang's offensive!

Ask for tickets!