Chapter Vol 4 1937: The demon emperor has broken the seal, and the overlord is here!

"So there are still these secrets..." Xiao Yan listened to this loving voice, the blood in his body couldn't help but boil, and even Fen Jue, the deepest part of the body, faintly became restless, nodded and said.

It's no wonder that he cultivated the legendary six realms according to Fen Jue's guidance, and has been unable to grasp the essentials, and Xiao Yan always felt that the reason why he was able to meet this Fen Jue by chance on the Dou Qi Continent, even if it is incomplete, I am afraid It's not that simple for no reason.

Combined with what the Demon Emperor said today, I am afraid that all of this was done intentionally.

For a while, Xiao Yan also suddenly realized that there is still such a secret, but Xiao Yan has never really experienced these seven divine arts.

After all, the Seven Realms of the Seven Realms can only be practiced by the top powerhouses in their respective realms, such as the Master of Li Soul and the Master of Soul Eater. Naturally, they are cultivating the Ghost Realm God Art "Soul Transformation". Secret Art", but when they fought, they didn't use it, so Xiao Yan didn't witness it either, but that kind of power was enough to truly surpass the realm of immortal art.

"At that time, the disappearance of your Xiao family was urgent. Although those old guys had expected it, they were caught off guard for a while, so they also left a lot of unexplained things."

"Fortunately, the guardians of the Xiao clan, the Tenth Hall Yama and some other things have been perfectly preserved for your descendants of the Xiao clan." The demon emperor said softly, obviously Yiran knew something about this matter.

"Senior, how did the Xiao clan... disappear?"

"According to the information I have received, they are clearly the real heroes of the fight against the evil tribes outside the territory. How could it be..." Listening to this scene, Rao could not help but ask because of Xiao Yan's calm personality.

"I don't know. At the end of the war, I was suppressed by the seal not long after, but your Xiao clan disappeared. If it wasn't for the willingness of those old guys, I'm afraid it has something to do with the center of the human world."

"After all, even though it was the peak of your Xiao clan's power at that time, you Xiao clan paid too much in order to kill and expel the army of the evil clan from outside the realm. In addition to the strength of the center of the human world, it was on par with you, I'm afraid... "

"But these are not what you care about. After I break the seal and stabilize the situation in the demon world, I will go to investigate."

"If you insist on getting involved, then your strength must at least reach the level of reincarnation. Otherwise, I have decided not to let you intervene in this matter." At this moment, the demon emperor said solemnly, obviously even with his help Strength, when vaguely thinking of the old enemy of the Xiao family, is also heavy.

"Okay!"

"Then what should I do about breaking the seal?" Xiao Yan nodded solemnly and immediately asked.

"It's strange to say that there is a very special power in Yaoyuandongtian. The seal of countless years has caused a subtle change in the breath in my body, so that my power has gradually increased."

"Now my body seems to have an empty body, but I don't have any power, but after the seal is broken, once my power is restored, it should be stronger than before."

"As for breaking the seal, I have tried many methods. The oldest method is to summon three experts from the ghost realm, the Buddha realm, and the demon realm who are proficient in the three major divine arts of their respective realms. But because of the relationship between our demon realm and them... …”

"However, when my soul traveled to the Heaven of Demon Fate, I was lucky enough to get the news that Fen Jue could decipher it."

"As for how to deal with it, it's up to you." The Demon Emperor spoke slowly, and his voice was filled with an invisible melancholy. It seemed that even he didn't know much about it.

"Sir, Sheng Yan and Fen Jue complement each other, and in my opinion, I am afraid that the sealing power of the three gods must be cracked first. As for the rest of the confinement, the master cannot be bound." At this time, Heishan Longlang also hurriedly spoke, obviously During the period when the Demon Emperor was sealed, he did not sit idle, and did a lot of investigations both openly and secretly.

"Well, then I'll try." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and immediately within his body, five holy flames hovered over his body in turn. In addition to the operation of burning determination in his body, for a while, Xiao Yan seemed to have something terrifying in his body. The power is exerted.

"Crash!" In an instant, the imprisoning power of the three regiments of the gods seemed to be under an extremely fatal threat, and they were frantically agitated. They regarded Xiao Yan as a strong enemy, and countless terrifying forces swept out.

The eerie and eerie black ghost energy, the golden Buddha light radiating from the Zen sound, and the evil invading demon energy, the three forces came one after another, slowly blending and launching a monstrous offensive against Xiao Yan.

"Be careful!" Seeing these three powers, Wan Yaowang's expression changed greatly, and he was ready to use his power to protect Xiao Yan.

"This kind of thing must be done by him." In an instant, the black evil dragon wolf raised his hand, and a terrifying dragon body wrapped the ten thousand demon king, the flame beast and himself. As for Xiao Yan and the three menacing rays of light above the aurora ground The regiment slowly shook his head.

The power of the three groups seems to be only the ghost energy that belongs to the eight-star category. The other two groups, whether they are devil energy or Buddha light, have already stepped into the level of reincarnation, but when facing Xiao Yan, there is a sense of restraint. , it seems that no matter how terrifying power they burst out, they will be slowly swallowed and dissipated by the mysterious power emitted by Fen Jue.

"Come on." At this moment, the Fen Jue in Xiao Yan's body revolved rapidly, and a rebellious and unruly aura that was higher than the sky swept out. With the addition of the five holy flames at this time, each of them differentiated into their origins. Under the nourishment of Fen Jue, it surrounded Xiao Yan's body.

"Weng Om!" First of all, there was an extremely dark ghost energy. The ghost energy just touched Xiao Yan's whole body, and it was enough to crush Xiao Yan's body into powder, and even his soul could be easily shattered. swept out.

"Is this the so-called 'Soul Transformation Secret Art'? It's a pity to use the means used by the Master of Li Soul, an old opponent!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan's whole body erupted with five flames, and a dazzling offensive erupted. its blocked.

"Weng buzzing!" Then the second group of power, this is a **** red power.

The devilish energy of the demon world erodes people's hearts. If they are not strong-willed, I am afraid they can easily be attacked by them and go into the devil's way.

The magic of the devil world, 'Devil Heart Eats God'.

"Hey!" It's a pity to let the magic of the devil be so tyrannical, facing Xiao Yan's level of soul power and the protection of the holy flame, there is no way for a while, and he can only hang around Xiao Yan with the ghost energy.

"Clang!" At that time, the last ball of golden Buddha light surrounded Xiao Yan's body with countless golden Zen inscriptions.

"Zen Mind and Brahma Art..."

"The sea of ​​suffering is boundless, turning back is the shore..." The Zen texts are like the divine power that purifies all things, washing Xiao Yan's mind, which not only contains extremely surging sealing power, but also the power of reincarnation.

"What bullshit... break it for me!"

"Burning decision!"

"Five flames!" An extremely angry roar was vented from the deepest part of Xiao Yan's heart, like a violent roar that resounded through the sky.

"Boom!" For a while, behind Xiao Yan, on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, a holy pattern emerged. Xiao Yan's whole body was covered by five-color flame beams, and between his eyebrows, in addition to the power of the family pattern, there was also a touch of Xeon. fluctuations.

That is burning.

"Kacha Kacha!" The three regiments and Xiao Yan stalemate for a long time, but in the end they were quickly defeated, and they dissipated as if they were deserters.

At the same time, in the deadly demonic cave, once the magnificent and huge figure, like a hegemon who has been forgotten for countless years, slowly wakes up from the suppression of the seal, from the endless abyss.

That kind of aura, that kind of power, can be learned from the world, enough to achieve a true contempt for the world!

That is the demon emperor Tianhen, the real overlord who once ruled the demon world by himself!