Chapter 441: Forward end! Black Storm!

"Have they not come yet?" On a branch, three figures stood slowly on it.

Among the three, the head is a woman. The woman is dressed in plain clothes, obviously to make the movement quite convenient, but the close-fitting plain clothes highlight her exquisite and quality figure, which attracts the eyes of the two men around. Some hot.

"Leader, the coyote came with news that he brought people here. Besides the alchemist, two other people have also arrived, but I don't know if the two of them will have any influence on our trip. "..." said another man with some scars.

"Those two have some connections with me. Since they also have to go to the Desert of Death, I'll take them along for the ride. I'll be responsible for any problems," said the head of the women's team.

"Captain, why are only a few of us entering this time? If there are four of us, the success rate doesn't seem to be high..." The scarred man said.

"It's easier to expose the target if you bring more people." The woman said softly.

"That's the only way to go." After the scarred man said, his eyes calmed down.

"Then just wait a while." said the female team leader.

After speaking, the eyes of the three of them turned.

The Bloodblade Mercenary Group is a very good mercenary group in Xuanling City, because the overall strength of this mercenary group is extremely good!

The head of the group is named Tang Tang, and the members of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group are called Sister Tang, but this person's strength has reached the level of an eight-star fighting emperor!

You must know that an ordinary seven-star Dou Emperor can enter the sect as an elder, and the strength of an eight-star Dou Emperor is extremely terrifying!

Besides, apart from the head of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group, the strength of the other main members should not be underestimated!

The scarred man Wu Yu, the strength in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, the coyote and the lone wolf, two powerful men who have completed the Six Star Dou Di!

These four people alone are comparable to an elite team!

In the distance, Xiao Yan and his party, under the leadership of the coyote, kept rushing towards the female leader, but in the desert of death that was far away from them, an extremely terrifying black storm was slowly taking shape.

"Sister Tang, everyone's here." The lean figure of the coyote came to the place where the three of them were, after a while.

"Hello, my name is Tang Tang. I'm the head of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group. I'm honored to invite an emperor-level pharmacist like you to accompany you." Tang Tang generously stretched out his palm, facing the hidden Xiao Yan said under the black robe.

"Hello, I'm Xiayan Xiao." Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't reveal his real name, otherwise, Xuanshan, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family, would be in trouble if he easily recognized himself.

"I hope we can cooperate happily." Tang Tang was obviously surprised because he knew that the alchemist in front of him was Xiao Yan in the Fenxiang Pavilion, but when Xiao Yan deliberately said that he was Yan Xiao, he was slightly surprised.

"A powerhouse at the eight-star Dou Di level..." Little Yi smacked her lips.

The eight-star Dou-Emperor is not just like a big cabbage, just ask which eight-star Dou-Emperor is not enshrined by their respective strengths like their ancestors.

"I don't know who these two are..." After saying hello to Yanxiao, Tang Tang said to a man and a woman beside Yanxiao.

"Naturally it's my entourage." Yan Xiao said with a slightly raised corner of his mouth hidden under the black robe.

"Apothecary is really a wonderful profession." Tang Tang was not surprised when he heard the words. After all, the alchemist was known as a hornet's nest. Although this Yan Xiao was only the perfect strength of a four-star Dou Di, he could rely on himself to refine it. The appeal of the pharmacist has called for a five-star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouse and a five-star Dou Emperor mid-stage powerhouse to see how extraordinary this person is.

When Tang Tang's eyes swept across Xiao Yi, Mei Mu couldn't help but stay for a few more minutes.

Xiao Yi has gorgeous and colorful hair with as many as twenty-three colors!

The rare beauty on his face attracted the envy of the other three members of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group.

With slender and **** eyelashes, a slightly sharp chin, and those well-proportioned figures, if they hadn't known that Xiao Yi was a man, ordinary people would definitely have thought that this was a woman!

It's so handsome!

Looking at Mu Yingying in the blink of an eye, what was different from Xiao Yi was that Mu Yingying was wearing a skirt, which highlighted the graceful curves, and an elegant aura that was like a lotus flower oozing out of mud and unstained came out of her body.

What a beautiful woman!

The members of the Bloodblade Mercenary Group looked at Yan Xiao and the three of them for a while, and their eyes returned to calm. This Bloodblade Mercenary Group is considered to be on the verge of death all year round, so they know a lot about handsome men and women, but it's just that Because it was the first time I saw Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying, I couldn't help but glance at them.

"Are you here?" The next moment, Tang Tang said to the young and the old.

The two of them are Dashan Dashui, Dashan, that is, Xuanshan, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family, and Dashui, it is that old Zhuo, who possesses the perfect strength of the Eight Star Dou Emperor!

"This time, I hope that the head of the regiment will **** us." After the old man Dashui finished speaking, a heavy bag of gold coins appeared out of thin air in his palm!

Just by perception, you know that this bag of gold coins is definitely worth a lot!

"Since everyone has arrived, let's go."

"This is already the edge of the desert of death. If you go forward, it will be the desert of death."

"The purpose of our trip is the desert area at the core of the Lonely Desert of Death!" After Tang Tang finished speaking, a completely different terrifying atmosphere permeated instantly, and then took the lead in walking ahead.

When everyone saw this, they hurriedly followed!

It's just that with the actions of these people, the scarred man followed directly behind the team, in other words, followed behind Xiao Yan!

"Although there are only four of them, they are really well-trained!"

"As expected of the blood blade mercenary group!" Xiao Yan muttered in his heart With the departure of several people, the surrounding of the towering tree also returned to calm, and then the figures of several people disappeared after a while, Leaving the forest, came to the edge of the desert!

On the edge of the desert, the terrifying temperature is accompanied by the yellow sand, and the space in the desert seems to be distorted!

Everyone stayed on the edge of the desert without taking a step forward.

"Sister Tang, what's wrong?" Seeing this, the coyote and the lone wolf hurriedly spoke.

"The black storm is coming..."

"It seems that we only have to avoid the limelight for a while." Tang Tang was in the first place, and Mei Mu was staring at a black thing in the desert.

The black thing moved violently, like a fast-running giant, but around the black giant, it brought monstrous yellow sand and a twisted destructive force!

"I didn't expect it to be a black storm!"

"We actually encountered this once-in-a-century black storm..." The coyote said.

"Let's go, this black storm, even the eight-star Doudi powerhouse can only temporarily avoid the limelight, we still wait for the limelight to pass and act." Tang Tang said, finished speaking, and returned to the original road!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When everyone saw this, they nodded one by one, because they all felt an extremely trembling power from the black storm!

They and the black storm are separated by dozens of kilometers, and they can feel such a strong sense of oppression. If they are close at hand, I am afraid it will be another scene.