Chapter 46: The mantis catches the cicada and the oriole is behind!

"This ice day is really worse than a beast!"

"Even his own brothers and sect disciples were all devoured. It is as abominable as the soul clan on the Dou Qi Continent! As expected, moths can be found everywhere." Xiao Yan looked at the black Dou Qi surrounding him. Ice sky, the atmosphere said.

If a person has no emotions, it is no different from wild monsters with low intelligence.

The difference between humans and low-intelligence monsters is that they have emotions.

Xiao Yan couldn't help clenching his fists, this kind of person really deserves to be executed by everyone!

The Golden Dragon King silently watched Xiao Yan's every move, and nodded with satisfaction, Tuo She really did not see the wrong person.

Then he muttered to himself, "A blood sacrifice? This "sin" really penetrated deep enough. It seems that there should be some problems with this so-called Solomon."

The battle has reached the white-hot stage!

"Being able to force me to do this is not worth the name of your bloodthirsty dragon lizard." Bingtian was covered in black aura, which made him look very strange, and then he roared.

Bingtian roared with awe-inspiring murderous intent. The sound of thunder rolled endlessly over the cave, causing the entire cave to be silent for a moment, and one after another, with some horrified beast eyes, shot in the direction from which the sound came.

This roar naturally also spread to the bloodthirsty dragon lizard above the cave. At the moment, all the beasts made a sound of shock and stopped. They all knew that this was between the two powerhouses. During the battle, his eyes looked in the direction of the voice, and finally stopped in the direction of Bingtian.

"It seems that you Solomon have coveted my blood for a long time." The dragon lizard also thought coldly.

The dragon breath of the dragon lizard and the attack of the ice sky are brewing sooner rather than later!

They all know that there is no need to hide and tuck the battle until now, the last blow can decide the winner or loser!

I saw that the scarlet protective film covered by the bloodthirsty dragon lizard was particularly eye-catching. It perfectly covered the entire body of the dragon like heaven, and the temperature of the dragon's mouth was also swallowed by the ice sky. When it was completed, it became more and more hot, and the space was slightly broken.

In this bloodthirsty form, the dragon's breath is so terrifying!

"Puff puff!" The terrifying dragon breath spit out from the bloodthirsty dragon's mouth, attacking towards the ice sky!

The terrifying dragon breath contains the power of destruction. Ordinary four-star Dou Di powerhouses will be severely injured by the scorching heat even if they touch a little bit!

Bingtian's black vindictive energy instantly formed a jet-black beam of strange light in front of him. The sound of mourning could not be heard in the beam of light. Many arms stretched out around the beam of light, breathing out at the dragon's dragon!

Resist!

After this Bingtian devoured everyone in the group, his power skyrocketed so terrifyingly, and now the extremely confident Bingtian also intends to resist the dragon's breath!

"This Bingtian is really arrogant, but he has arrogant capital!" Xiao Yan also secretly exclaimed.

However, according to the current battle, the bloodthirsty dragon is also in a violent form, and the last bloodthirsty talent is also used. On the other hand, where Bingtian is, all the people of Solomon on this trip were devoured by him alone, although The strength has soared, breaking through the limitations of this different space! However, the limitation of this space only restricts the powerhouses above the four-star Dou Emperor from being able to enter and exit easily, but if they break through to the four-star Dou Emperor in this space, it will be different.

But the most important thing is that they are all working hard, and then they die from exhaustion!

"Yueru, listen to my instructions and wait for an opportunity later!" Xiao Yan also tilted his head and said quietly.

"Little Yanzi, don't worry, I feel a few breaths coming here, like someone who has fought with you before." The Golden Dragon King not only watched the fight in the cave, but also kept his attention scattered all the time. space, and then said to Xiao Yan who was staring at the cave.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan was also depressed, now there is no time to take care of other things, first get the magic core, then he is more and more careful to hide.

The bloodthirsty dragon's breath is indeed powerful enough to rival a five-star Doudi powerhouse! Even if Bingtian devoured the skyrocketing power of many colleagues, it was quite difficult to deal with.

"Boom boom boom!"

The dragon's breath and the icy black beam of light were viciously mixed together!

Two dazzling beams of light confront each other!

"It's not that it's difficult to use your own power after all, right?" The bloodthirsty dragon also shouted loudly, and the crooked way was still inferior.

Suddenly, before the dragon's words were finished, the terrifying dragon breath instantly drowned the black beam of light emanating from Bingtian!

"Pfft!"

The place where Bingtian was originally was attacked by the breath of the dragon, and with Bingtian as the center, a circle of hot and terrifying ripples rippled out!

This ice sky actually went wrong on the way!

Directly killed by the Dragon Breath, the strongest attack of the Demon Dragon?

The twists and turns of the plot obviously made the bloodthirsty dragon relax.

"Humph! Isn't our dragon race comparable to you humans with low bloodline?"

"It's really not a pity to die." Although the dragon said so, he spit out a few mouthfuls of dragon breath in a row to prevent any changes.

"Boom boom boom!" The magic dragon also fell away at that instant, smashing to the ground ruthlessly. Obviously, the dragon's breath and bloodthirsty talents consume a lot of the power and even the vitality of the dragon, but it is not worth the loss if the life is saved.

The dragon's eyes closed slightly at this time, it was weak, and now it can be easily killed by even a human being of a two-star fighting emperor.

"Pfft!" A dragon-headed crutch was silently inserted into the dying bloodthirsty dragon's head.

"It's over now, Jiang is still old and hot." The Bingtian who had disappeared suddenly appeared, with a tattered figure and some black blood, and the whole person looked even more ferocious!

When the bloodthirsty dragon fell, the protective film covering the body surface was automatically released. It was not the time. The main reason was that the bloodthirsty dragon was too weak, and maintaining this bloodthirsty form was extremely consuming. vitality.

But the magic dragon obviously underestimated the cunning of human beings. Until the dragon head crutches struck fatally, the magic dragon's pupils were still wide open, as if he didn't believe that Bingtian could survive under his own dragon's breath.

"I can't bear the child and can't catch the wolf." Bingtian also responded to the last question of the dragon, and then began to collect the blood and core of the dragon.

Just when Bingtian was just about to deal with the dragon, a wave of blue and silver alternated, as if the fierce fighting spirit formed by the fusion of strong wind and thunder, also shot out along a section of silk and satin, and finally collided with Bingtian fiercely. .

"Bingtian, I didn't expect me to find you here, go to hell!" The girl in the colorful dress said to the hideous Bingtian in front of her.

The city lord of their Fenglei City, Feng Yi's father, lost an arm and a leg because of the unprovoked pursuit of Solomon's elders. This has always been a shame to their Fenglei City!

Moreover, her father loves Feng Yi the most, and Feng Yi swears that she will never share the sky with Solomon in this life!

Bingtian just ended a war, and now is the time of weakness. Seeing the girl in the colorful dress in front of her and the people around her, she couldn't help but say in despair.

Five three-star fighting emperors!

​​