Chapter 91: Help!

?? "Damn!"

"There is actually a soul clan in this Doudi Continent!"

Xiao Yan was also at the moment when the man in the black cloak appeared, combined with the pitch-black chain in mid-air, he determined at a glance that this was the usual method of the Soul Palace on the Dou Qi Continent.

However, how could this soul clan still exist on the upper plane of the Dou Di Continent!

And it is exactly the same as the Soul Race on the Dou Qi Continent!

"Did your father ask you to come?" Wu Huan also calmed down decisively. Anyway, as long as he didn't release the full power of the three-color blood curse, he wouldn't be demonized...

"You're still useful, it's not the time for you to die." Glancing at the dying Wu Huan, the black cloak said coldly.

"You know too much."

"This is your sleeping place." Turning his head to look at Xiao Yan, the gloomy voice under the dark cloak made the surrounding space tremble slightly.

"Crash!"

Accompanied by the sound of the man in the dark cloak sipping coldly, the countless dark chains made of unknown materials burst out from the black fog in a violent manner, then intertwined and crossed each other, and finally fell ruthlessly. At the place where Xiao Yan was, the chains shook, and all of Xiao Yan's escape routes were blocked.

"Damn!"

Xiao Yan also scolded secretly, the strength of this man in the black cloak may have already reached the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor, and he could not resist at his peak, not to mention the state of serious injury now.

"Master, it seems that you are going to work hard." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"Not in a hurry, I will insist on meeting." The Golden Dragon King was also quite satisfied, and going through such an intense battle was also of great benefit to Xiao Yan's strength.

"Boom boom boom!"

In the face of these chains, Xiao Yan could also feel the cold and evil power from them, and the only remaining power suddenly exploded. Constantly poured out of his body, burning those jet-black chains.

After all, the milky white flame was formed by the fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fires. Once it was wrapped around the chain, there were countless screams and screams, and black mist continued to pour out of the chain, desperately resisting. The burning of flames.

At the moment when the man in the jet-black cloak appeared, Xiao Yan also knew that today must be a desperate fight. The blood essence with terrifying power was instantly wrapped in milky white flames.

It is the blood essence obtained from the bloodthirsty dragon lizard before, which evokes the bloodthirsty defense shield, and even the strength of this pitch-black cloaked four-star fighting emperor peak is enough to resist a blow.

"Crack!"

Under the struggle of the milky white flame, some jet-black chains were directly burned with some small cracks. At the cracks of the chains, black mist surged, and faintly, there were small hideous faces emerging, which looked extremely strange. .

If Xiao Yan was at his peak, he would definitely still have the strength to fight back against the dark cloaked man, but after coming out of the attack, he had not had time to stabilize his realm after absorbing the energy of Yin Yang Xin, and after a fierce battle with Wu Huan, he could now handle it. Also quite exhausting.

Feeling the tiny cracks on the chain, the man in the black cloak suddenly increased his strength.

Wu Huan's complexion also changed slightly. He did underestimate Xiao Yan's strength before, but with the family in front of him, with him, this Xiao Yan would definitely not be able to escape today even with three heads and six arms.

"Lock!"

Hearing his stern shout, I saw that the handprint of the man in the black cloak changed, and a thick, thick black mist suddenly burst out from his sleeve, and then turned into countless souls with hideous faces, howling miserably, overwhelming the sky. Facing Xiao Yan, who had been blocked for a long time.

"Bang bang bang!"

These ferocious souls filled with black mist just touched Xiao Yan's body, and they were directly burned into nothingness by the milky white flame, but even so, their number was extremely terrifying, thousands of them were black and zero. The soul that controlled the mind was like a moth to a flame, rushing towards Xiao Yan with a suicidal madness.

Looking at the miserable howl that filled the sky, and finally all the souls that were burned into nothingness by Xiao Yan's milky white flames, Wu Huan's complexion was also a little ugly. means.

"These bastards." Xiao Yan's face was ashen as he scolded through gritted teeth.

After dealing with it just now, it was obvious that the man in the black cloak didn't do his best, otherwise Xiao Yan's current situation would be very dangerous.

But going around like this made Xiao Yan feel like he was in a desperate situation.

"Jie Jie, do you want to go all out? But it's too late now!" Seeing Xiao Yan's demeanor with a blood-colored defensive shield all over his body, the man in the black cloak also burst into a strange smile, and immediately waved his sleeves, creating a strange black mist. , quickly poured out of its body, and finally condensed into a dark cloud layer in the sky. Even the sunlight above the sky was difficult to pour in. For a time, the sky where the Demonic Beast Mountains was located instantly became darkened.

The black cloak man's action is to cover the sky and the sun. Even a four-star peak powerhouse can't help but be shocked. This power is really terrifying.

Black clouds shrouded in darkness, and the man in the black cloak seemed to be invisible, disappearing strangely. In an instant, the entire sky became extremely quiet. In this creepy and strange environment, even the The four-star Dou Di powerhouse is the only one who is uneasy.

The strange overcast wind drifted quietly, Xiao Yan's eyes, whose whole body was wrapped in rich milky white flames, shrank suddenly, and immediately turned around and punched the empty space behind him with a fist move , the surging soul power that filled the whole body also moved along with it, and the dry fist seemed to cause the vibration of this space, mixed with a powerful and unparalleled wind, and smashed it fiercely.

"boom!"

Where the fists landed, a black shadow appeared strangely, the fists collided, and ripples of energy like real energy spread out in all directions, and finally brought a muffled sound like thunder in the sky.

Chi Chi!

The fists staggered, and the two figures disappeared again strangely under the gazes of countless eyes. After a moment, when they reappeared, they were already 100 meters away. For a time, thunder rolled in the sky, and silhouettes flickered. The appearance of , will cause a thunderous explosion due to the collision of extremely powerful forces, causing countless people below to be terrified.

Above the sky, the black clouds are rolling, and when there are occasional fluctuations in strength, the thick black cloud layer just cracked a gap, allowing a beam of sunlight to pour in, but at this moment, even the sunlight, it makes people feel nothing. Warm meaning.

"Bang bang bang!" The bloodthirsty dragon defense shield on Xiao Yan's body was also shattered at this moment, and the fighting qi on his body was about to be exhausted.

"Susu, it seems that God doesn't help you."

"Suffer to death." The black cloak's handprint changed, and the huge chain contained terrifying power, and it rushed towards Xiao Yan, trying to kill him with one blow.

Just as Xiao Yan was about to take on the challenge, a hearty laughter suddenly appeared behind him.

A terrifying Lingfeng also instantly dissolved the chain's attack easily.

"It's not your turn to point fingers at the person I want to protect."

ticket~

It's cold, everyone pay attention to add clothes...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: