Chapter 448: Water in the desert!

"Give me quiet, this operation is a secret operation, we must not scare the snakes, otherwise the snake people will be angered, I am afraid they will fight against our Xuanling royal family at all costs, this is obviously not what we want to see."

"So this mission is just to go to the temple of the snake people to find out. If possible, join our forces to capture the descendants with the blood of Medusa, and also cut off the back road of the snake people." The old man beside Xuanling King slowly opened his mouth and said.

The old man's name is Qin Tian, ​​and he is the leader of the current dragon-loving army who is known as the Fudo Ming King!

At the same time, he is also a nine-rank nine-star fighting emperor!

It's only one step away from that half-immortal!

"En." The person who originally spoke was named Mu Chen, who was the fifth strongest in the Dragon Addiction Legion, and his strength had reached the level of the eight-star Dou Emperor consummation!

"If that's the case, then let's go. Let's keep our movements as small as possible. Otherwise, the nine major tribes of the Snake People will notice. I'm afraid it's our lineup, which is also quite a headache." King Xuanling said slowly.

"Where is the location of the temple..." Next to Qin Tian, ​​Ye Mo whispered slowly.

The snake people have a total of nine tribes, and even among the nine tribes, there are only a handful of people who know the temple of the Medusa family.

"Let's just go to a tribe and grab a snake-man leader and ask." Ye Mo, who was beside him, said after thinking.

"Agreed." A group of people around said one after another.

"Let's go then." After Ye Mo finished speaking, he, Xuan Linghuang and Qin Tian walked towards a certain direction.

These eleven people can be regarded as the peak power of the Xuanling royal family today!

Its head, Qin Tian, ​​who is known as the Fudo Ming King, is a nine-turn nine-star fighting emperor!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The deputy head, Ye Mo, the four-turn Nine-Star Dou Di.

Third, turn around the Nine Star Dou Emperor Xuan Ming.

Fourth, look down, the late Eight Star Dou Di.

Fifth, Fanyu, the Eight-Star Dou Di is consummated.

Sixth, Xuanmo Eight-Star Dou Di was consummated. He was the man in black who once surrounded and suppressed Xiao Yan in the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

Seventh, Mu Chen, the late Eight Star Dou Di.

Eighth, Mu Chenfeng, the middle-stage wind system of the Eight Star Dou Di.

Ninth, Yaoxin, a pharmacist in the early days of the Eight Star Doudi.

Tenth, Xuan Wanxin, the initial stage of the Eight Star Dou Di.

With such a terrifying lineup, I am afraid there will be some extremely terrifying fluctuations in this desert of death.

Looking back at Yan Xiao and the other nine.

The nine people discovered from the sheepskin map that there was a water intake point in the desert, and they went directly to the water source without hesitation.

Yan Xiao was wearing a black robe and was at the front of the team, but at this moment Yan Xiao stopped his steps, and then turned his eyes slightly to the oasis in front of him.

What appeared in front of everyone was an oasis with a radius of almost ten kilometers. The oasis contained green plants, which was incompatible with this desert that was dead and barren, but what attracted Yan Xiao the most was not these, but the That crystal clear water.

"Be careful, there seems to be something in this oasis." Yan Xiao opened his mouth slightly, then slowed down.

Hearing the words just now, Wu Yu, the Seven-Star Dou Emperor who was behind Yan Xiao, suddenly shrank his eyes, and then he became vigilant!

This Yan Xiao is a genuine five-star fighting emperor in the early stage, and he is also an emperor-level pharmacist. Although he doesn't know the specific rank, he has the soul power of the peak of the emperor's ordinary level. I want to come to this Yan Xiao's medicine refining technology. Quite not low!

"Be careful." Tang Tang heard the words, and immediately wrinkled her eyes, and then stared vigilantly around.

"Is there something..." When Xiao Yi heard Yanxiao's words, she immediately became vigilant!

On the side, Mu Yingying, Coyote Lone Wolf and Dashan Dashui all became vigilant.

"Let's go, there shouldn't be anything here... It's just that there seems to be something lurking in that oasis."

"We're like this..." Eight strands of soul light emerged from Yan Xiao's body, and they all walked away to the crowd.

"Soul voice transmission?" Tang Tang was slightly surprised when he saw this.

However, although surprised, Tang Tang quite agrees with Yan Xiao's plan that has just passed the sound transmission.

"Let's go." Except for Yan Xiao, the other eight people's vigilance disappeared instantly after receiving Yan Xiao's soul transmission, replaced by a rather relaxed state.

The nine people walked towards the oasis talking and laughing.

At this time, in the oasis, in the clear and transparent lake water, a snake-like figure appeared slightly.

"Damn it... I felt a few rather powerful auras just now. Could it be these people in front of me..."

"Impossible, the most powerful people in front of them are only the five-star Dou Emperor who are successful. Those auras just now are clearly from the seven-star Dou Emperor or even stronger powerhouses... Could it be that I sensed it wrong?" Hu Shui Among them, a naked beauty snake quietly lurked out of the water, and then the red lips moved slightly, thinking.

The beautiful snake's body is extremely hot, and the water snake waist is the dream of many men, but the breath of this beautiful snake is quite terrifying at this time!

The strength of the six-star Dou Di in the early stage!

Among the snake people, anyone whose strength has reached the level of the five-star Dou Emperor has a strong position among the snake people. As for the beautiful snake who has the strength of the six-star Dou Emperor in the early stage, its status is in the position of the snake people nine. I am afraid that it is not low among the big tribes.

"Forget it, I'd better leave quickly, or my mother should scold me when she finds out."

"I just don't know why these human beings are in front of us... I heard my mother say before, how bad human beings are, but I don't seem to be that bad when I look at these nine people." The beautiful snake twisted very attractively The figure, and then drawn a beautiful loneliness in the air.

The next moment, the clothes that fell on the lake were slowly put on by the beautiful snake. Although the clothes were put on, it did not affect the plump figures of the beautiful snake at all.

"Forget it I'd better go back quickly." Seeing the nine people approaching the oasis, the beautiful snake immediately swayed its tail slightly.

I don't know why, but among the nine people, the black-robed man in the first place has an aura that makes the beautiful snake quite jealous!

After the beautiful snake finished speaking, her figure flashed for a moment, and then it trembled quickly on the land of the oasis. The next moment, she suddenly strung out of the oasis and drowned in the desert.

It's just that in that beautiful snake's sleeve, a small three-colored snake slowly fell asleep.

The beautiful snake's scales are quite different. If Yan Xiao saw it, he would have found out that the snake scales on this beautiful snake were three colors!

"Who is there?" The nine people entered the oasis. According to what Yan Xiao planned before, the breath of the nine people burst out suddenly, the speed was increased to the extreme, and then the ten-mile oasis was searched in an instant. One turned upside down, but did not find any strange breath.

"Strange, I just sensed someone here..." Yan Xiao said.

As soon as the voice fell, an extremely huge soul force emerged instantly!

"What is that..." Following the search of Yan Xiao's soul power, there seemed to be a three-colored snake scale in the clear lake water.

"That is……"

"Three-colored swallowing python!" Tang Tang on the side was still puzzled just now, whether this Yan Xiao felt wrong, but since seeing the three-color scales, Tang Tang blurted out!

Ask for tickets!