Chapter Vol 4 1542: 3 Star Douxian late stage!

"Boom!" The red cauldron formed by Xiao Yan's swallowing flame technique disappeared in a flash, and Xiao Yan's movements were like flowing water, using the red cauldron to swallow the three kinds of flames, and immediately concealed the red cauldron in his body. After all, although the swallowing technique is tyrannical, it has a time limit and can only last for a stick of incense.

It's just that the swallowing technique has a dead end, which is this red tripod.

If this red cauldron is broken, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's sudden surge of power will dissipate in an instant, and this red cauldron is extremely mysterious, even with the experience of Xiao Yan and the Master of Soul Eater, they do not know the specific details, I am afraid they can only Go to the swallowing clan in the future to investigate it clearly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan, who had a half-step four-star fighting power, slowly stared at the ice demon swordsman. Suddenly, bursts of orange flames burst out of his body, and then completely covered the entire space with ease!

"Weng buzzing!" With the appearance of the orange flame, the extremely hot flame fluctuated in this space, and even the soul was enough to burn!

This orange-yellow flame is a flame that temporarily fuses the three flames of Fire Heart Tianyan, Ghost Face Soul Flame and Scarlet Flame through the swallowing technique. inflammation!

It's just that now in Xiao Yan's body, the two holy flames are fighting each other, and Xiao Yan has no certainty of winning to combine them, so he kept the two holy flames in his body for a while. After all, there are still many doubts about Fen Jue, of course not. Dare to merge rashly.

Otherwise, with Xiao Yan's current strength, combined with the power of flame after the two holy flames, it would be an invincible existence among the same stars.

"Boom!" The ice demon swordsman's heart was slightly solemn, and it was obvious that Xiao Yan's half-step four-star fighting immortal and the orange flame made him truly feel the wave of death.

"Want to run?"

"Isn't it quite majestic just now?" Xiao Yan saw this, with a smile on the corner of his mouth, and then his body suddenly moved, chasing and killing the ice demon swordsman.

"Crash!" How dare the ice demon swordsman fight against the current Xiao Yan, the orange flame, even if it is far away, actually causes the ice cubes on its body to slowly melt away, so he can only pull his legs out. just run.

"Xuuuu!" Seeing Xiao Yan chasing after him, the ice sword in the hands of the ice demon swordsman suddenly surged, and dozens of sword energies emerged in a row, trying to stop Xiao Yan's speed.

"It's too weak." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. At that time, when the icy sword energy had just reached Xiao Yan's body a few meters, orange flames suddenly appeared, and then it was easily melted and evaporated!

"Tsk tsk tsk... The soaring power of the fusion of the three flames is really terrifying, and the most incredible thing to me is this flame."

"It seems that I have to start to fuse the holy flame and try the new flame power." Xiao Yan saw that the orange flame was so tyrannical, and immediately thought, after all, this flame is so tyrannical that it only possesses the power of three flames. The flame produced by the fusion of the three sources of flame, the power is probably more powerful than it is now.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" In an instant, Xiao Yan was not ready to keep his hands, his palms slowly clasped together, the flames completely wrapped his body, and he rose up like a god.

"Weng Om!" At this time, the ice demon swordsman also knew that he couldn't run, and immediately stopped his body, the ice attribute grudge filled his body, and then the ice sword above his palm began to move, a special melody fluctuated, suddenly pregnancy.

"Is it the last blow..."

"Come on then!"

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" Xiao Yan smiled slowly while looking at the ice demon swordsman who displayed the extremely strong sword intent below. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a hundred-zhang Yinguang formed by orange-yellow suddenly appeared above his hands!

In the shadows, there are ancient fluctuations, and even the power of orange flames added by Xiao Yan, this blow, I am afraid that the powerhouse in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortal will be seriously injured in an instant!

"Glacier Sword Intent!" Demonstrating the extremely terrifying Sword Intent, a hundred-zhang ice awn suddenly rose from the sky, directly facing Xiao Yan's flame imprint.

"Boohoo!" A deafening voice suddenly emanated from this space, and the icy glow persisted for a few breaths before it was slowly eaten away by the orange glow, and finally slowly disappeared.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the flame imprint directly hit the ice demon swordsman, and the ice block on this guy's body suddenly shattered, and immediately the orange flame with the power of two holy flames and the crimson flame of the great sky-seeded flame shattered. down, crashed.

"This is..." As the ice demon swordsman completely fell, a pure white light group appeared on the guy's body.

The light ball was pure and flawless, only the size of a fist, but the pure energy contained in it shocked Xiao Yan, because the energy in it was probably enough to break through the current level.

"Why are you standing still!"

"Set up the soul enchantment, quickly absorb it!"

"Otherwise, this power will dissipate in a while." Seeing Xiao Yan who was sluggish for a while Soul Eater scolded directly.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words, and the flame swallowed in the red cauldron dissipated instantly, and the breath returned to the original three-star fighting immortal middle stage, but there was no weakness or discomfort. Obviously, the swallowing flame technique did not. What aftermath, the only shortcoming is that a battle can only be performed once.

"Crash!" After simply setting up the soul barrier, Xiao Yan didn't care about anything else. The dazzling soul power invaded the white light group, which would easily be swallowed up. At the same time, the fighting core in Xiao Yan's body also gradually increased. , and even the power has grown steadily since the middle of the Samsung Dou Xian.

This kind of pure energy is quite rare, and Xiao Yan has gone through a lot of battles after all, so the breakthrough has become a matter of course. After all, there are four levels in each star, and it is only when the perfect level breaks through to the next level. It will lead to Dou Immortal Tribulation, otherwise the breakthrough between stars will not lead to Thunder Tribulation.

"This Lingshan is really mysterious."

"It seems that at the top of this spiritual mountain, there should be some kind of behemoth that can make these powers so pure, so they form spiritual beasts."

"That guy is a good thing. If I get it and devour it, I'm afraid there is a slim chance of stepping into that dream of reincarnation."

"However, this guy has also fallen now, and there is only an empty shell left, which is really a pity." As Xiao Yan continued to absorb the power of the spirit beast, the eyes of the Soul Eater suddenly became deep, through the soul barrier and endless He looked towards the top of Lingshan Mountain, where there seemed to be a soul beast shell, and on the shell, countless mysterious lines permeated, and an ancient wave slowly emerged, but even if it was just a single shell. The aura emanating from it is impressively more powerful than that of a six-star fighting immortal powerhouse!