Chapter 103: Rongdan!

When everyone in the lobby outside the wooden house was also relieved, Xiao Yan's mind was once again condensed in the medicine cauldron, and all the soul power poured in, the fire of the flame and the various reactions produced by the fusion of various medicinal liquids, All are in the mind.

Inside the medicine cauldron, a milky white flame envelops a mass of liquid about the size of half a fist. This mass of liquid is slightly colorful, but in general, it is still mostly dark red, but among the dark red, it seems to have a good effect. Several kinds of energies that cannot be colored are merging slowly with it...

The soul force felt the calm in the liquid, Xiao Yan was also slightly relieved. After the previous incident, the latter things became much more stable. Looking at this appearance, as long as all the medicinal power in it is completely After the fusion, it can gradually condense into the prototype of the medicine pill...

Of course, this is a rather slow process. According to Xiao Yan's expectations, this fusion time, I'm afraid it will take at least five days...

Taking a slow breath in his heart, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly closed, and a trace of his mind moved Fen Jue to absorb the energy of the surrounding heaven and earth. The soul power was still hovering in the medicine cauldron, controlling the heat and the power of various medicines. The fusion of...

Now all he needs to do is wait quietly.

And this is a full six days.

In the past six days, the crowd that originally gathered to watch the fun in the Yue family gradually dispersed, but when almost everyone came out every day, their eyes were involuntarily cast into the wooden house in the backyard, looking at the radiant The wooden houses with huge soul power all have some admiration.

Because the person in the wooden house was also named as a guest by their Yue Family Patriarch. In this Dou Di Continent, which is also dominated by strength, a pharmacist with the rank of emperor is also enough to have this kind of treatment!

In six days, almost everyone was used to the explosion and the dragon roar before the wooden house. They didn't know how long it would take for the big man inside to concoct alchemy, but after seeing this alchemy vision with their own eyes, I can't help but slap my tongue, seeing that the medicinal pills refined by this movement are obviously not low rank, no wonder the more high-quality medicinal pills are so precious, I didn't expect that just refining, it is so troublesome and cumbersome...

Within six days, Yue Yu, Yue Ru and the others would habitually stay outside the wooden house for a period of time. First, it was to prevent Xiao Yan from having any needs and to replenish them in time. Second, they wanted to witness this imperial medicine pill with their own eyes. was born, and then saw that Xiao Yan remained motionless, and just left slowly.

In the past few days, Xiao Yan's breath has gradually become vague, and even that breath has become extremely light, and it looks like a Buddha who is about to be seated, and the breath is vague and uncertain.

If it wasn't for Yueyu's extraordinary knowledge and knowledge that he must concentrate on refining high-level medicine pills, he also knew that he was in a very focused state at the moment, otherwise he would be a little worried about whether this guy had something wrong in the medicine refining process...

Although Xiao Yan fell into silence like a monk entering into meditation, the medicine cauldron in front of him was like thunder in the sky, the rumbling sound resounded non-stop, and an extremely terrifying soul force kept swimming back and forth in it. Movement, combined with the power of the five medicinal materials, whistling and circling in it, under this soul power, even if it is a strange fire, it can only be obediently let it be directed...

Six days passed slowly.

Just as the morning of the seventh day came, a ray of sunlight broke through the shackles of the earth, shot out from the mountains far away, and shone on the wooden house.

Under the warm sunshine, Xiao Yan, whose eyes were tightly closed for six days, also slowly opened with a slight trembling.

The dark eyes, under the sunlight, reflected some dazzling luster, and at this moment, the silent aura, like a awakened sleeping lion, slowly permeated from Xiao Yan's body. Six days ago, it was actually much more refined. If Xiao Yan in the past was in the early stage of the three-star peak, then now he is standing at the three-star peak level and breaking through to the four-star level is only a short distance away. .

The previous retreat only restored Xiao Yan's strength, but this time's alchemy seems to have given Xiao Yan a great benefit.

Feeling the aura emanating from his body, Xiao Yan was also slightly startled, and a look of contemplation flashed in his eyes. These few days, he has indeed been in a state of concentration. After all, this time he made pills. Medicine can only succeed and not fail.

The extremely complex fusion of the five medicinal powers in the medicine cauldron was not only condensed by him, but there was not even the slightest waste of useless consumption.

Originally, according to common sense, the success rate of the condensed Yuan Pei Yuan Dan refined this time would not be too high, because not only there are many cumbersome procedures, but also the blood essence that is several times more tyrannical, and even the dragon blood fairy vine and Warcraft essence later. blood clashes.

In this way, it is almost completely inconsistent with the prescription configuration. You must know that even if there is a lack of an inconspicuous herb in the prescription, it may cause the failure of alchemy. After all, every prescription, It was only after countless experiments by predecessors that they succeeded, and future generations want to tamper with it out of thin air, the difficulty can be imagined...

His eyes slowly turned to the medicine cauldron, looking at the purplish red medicinal pill prototype wrapped in flames, a relieved smile appeared on Xiao Yan's face.

The prototype of the medicinal pill was about the size of a longan, the whole body was purple red, and the surface was pitted and looked extremely unsightly, but Xiao Yan was able to feel the majestic pure medicinal power from it. This kind of power has the opposite effect of improving one's cultivation talent. Miracle effect.

As we all know, a person's cultivation talent and potential are innate. Although this does not determine a person's future height, there is no doubt that if you are born with a strong talent and potential, your cultivation will definitely be very good. .

However, it is extremely difficult to improve talent and potential. However, this so-called consolidating foundation and nourishing essence can be achieved. This alone is worthy of its imperial reputation...

The basic form of the medicinal pill has been completed The next step is the last step of the pregnancy pill. Obviously, there are not many obstacles in this step, because within the preliminary form of the medicinal pill, all the medicinal powers have been perfectly integrated. That is to say, even if this last step is not passed, the effect of this medicine pill will not be too bad...

Of course, as a pharmacist, it is natural to pursue perfection, so Xiao Yan did not omit the last step, the milky white flame gradually weakened, and then a faint temperature was emitted, slowly infiltrating into the prototype of the medicinal pill. .

The last step of the pregnancy pill didn't last long. About ten hours later, in the flames, the pothole-shaped pill was completely transformed into a thumb-sized pill, one red and one purple. .

The purple-red two-color, like a Tai Chi gossip, is outlined on the surface of the medicine pill, and it looks like it possesses some spiritual wisdom, which is extremely miraculous.

At the moment when the medicinal pill was just formed, the sky where the Yue Family was located suddenly became dark and dark, and heavy dark clouds quickly condensed on the sky. Wander around like a snake.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This scene that suddenly appeared in the sky made everyone in the Deyue family stop and stare at the overlapping dark clouds in the sky. After a moment, they were all in a good mood, and their eyes suddenly turned to the direction of the wooden house in the backyard. At this moment, above the wooden house, a shadowy figure stood with his hands behind his back, staring at the changes in the sky without fear...