Chapter 658: The women's conspiracy

One day passed quickly, and the five teams, except that the local team had used three wooden plaques to enter the three mountain ranges without authorization, the rest were Xiao Yan and his team, and the first team of the named disciples of the Hall of Humanity was added with the Dawning team. and four women's teams.

"What the **** is going on with this women's team?" In the team composed of named disciples, Li Ji said slowly.

Obviously, the news spread by the women's team has already let Li Ji and his party know.

To be honest, this team of named disciples, although the strength of three people is extremely weak, but a certain formation that they cooperate with each other makes them barely squeeze into the top five.

"Li Ji, what do you think is the situation of this women's team?"

"I don't believe that they will directly release ruthless words. Although their strength is not weak, they are not enough to rank first." Li Zi said slowly.

To be honest, this named disciple was able to be among the last five teams, which was beyond their expectations.

After all, this team only has one Li Zi who has stepped into the Six-Star Dou Di. The rest of Li Ji and Li Zi are both at the Five-Star Dou Di perfect level. In addition, the two have just stepped into the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. , the named disciple who possesses the power of rank five students, just barely squeezed into the top five.

And along the way, if they hadn't encountered a strong team, I'm afraid they would have been eliminated.

"Let's go over and take a look."

"Now, it should be just our four teams."

"The other three teams already have two wooden cards in their hands, only we still have one." Zi Lian opened her mouth slightly, with a hint of bitterness at the corner of her mouth.

Even if it is in the top five, the strength of this team cannot be made up by just a few people.

"Let's go, I believe that I can meet Xiao Yan and the others. If the situation is uncontrollable at that time, I can't say that I can do a good favor." Zi Lian said slightly. Although Zi Lian has not yet stepped into the Six-Star Dou Di, everyone is convinced of his leadership.

"team leader……"

"Where are Xiao Yan and the others?" In the Dawning team, Qianzhang just opened his eyes and looked around in a hurry.

In Qianzhang's memory, he was in the middle of a war with Xiao Yan, how could he come here.

"That Xiao Yan is very strong, I'm afraid he won't be weaker than the Second Senior Brother Earth Hall." Although he didn't want to admit it, but as arrogant as Guanglu still couldn't help speaking.

Because the power of life fusion technique that he and Anli jointly issued before did not affect him much, which made Guanglu quite puzzled.

How could this powerful fusion of life force in the past fail on Xiao Yan?

It’s just that Guanglu didn’t think of it, but Xiao Yan was also opportunistic. If there was no vindictive energy that had been stored in the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, Xiao Yan would definitely be forced to use more methods to suppress the bottom of the box.

"Guang, I don't blame you for that, maybe because there is something mysterious about Xiao Yan." As Guanglu's fiancée, Anli naturally didn't want to see the person he loves so depressed, and immediately said.

"Hopefully, but this kid is a rare opponent." At the next moment of Guanglu, Zaidu regained his former arrogant aura.

Because Guanglu also knew that in this team competition, even if his team could not win the first place, it would not be difficult to get a second place.

"That Xiao Yan is very mysterious, I'm afraid it's hidden very deep." Seeing that Guanglu's mood had stabilized, Anli spoke immediately, because with Anli's soul power, he was naturally able to know some subtle fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body.

"Captain, don't we..." The next moment, Qianzhang Qianqiu and the two spoke at the same time, with an extremely shocked tone in their voices.

"That's right. In the end, Anli and I used the power of life fusion technique, but when we dealt with Xiao Yan, we only restrained him to breathe for a few moments, and he was freed from the restraint."

"At that time, I felt something was wrong, and I was afraid that other teams would observe secretly, so I brought you back first." Guanglu said indifferently.

"I see." The three of them nodded secretly when they heard the words, and then slowly looked at Guanglu, and a strange emotion emerged.

"Okay, you guys go on to restore the fighting spirit in your body, I'm afraid there are still a lot of things to do when you enter the three major mountain ranges." Guanglu finished speaking, and a very beautiful medicine pill with extremely amazing power was slowly born in his hand. come out.

"En." Seeing this, the three of them did not hesitate in the slightest. Although this medicinal pill seems to be of high rank, it is still better to be careful in Luoling Mountain, which cannot restore the strength of its own body!

"what……"

"What the **** is this women's team doing?"

"Did they think that with their strength, they can eat our three teams..." In the camp where Xiao Yan and the others were, Mu Feng naturally heard the news spread by the women's team.

"If you want a wooden plaque, come to the foot of the three mountain ranges to get it."

In just a few short words, there is a domineering presence between the lines!

"I don't think so."

"The captain of this women's team is named Ling Yun. She is a strong person who has reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, but her team members are only four middle-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor. If they rely on this strength, they want to swallow our three teams. This is not like that." Xiao Yan and his group gathered around a fire and then discussed slowly.

"What's going on?" Mu Feng was immediately puzzled when he heard the words.

"Sister Lingyun..." Ling Xuan's eyes flickered slightly, obviously thinking of something.

In the Hall of Earth, this Senior Sister Lingyun's status can be said to be quite high.

Not only because of her sweet appearance, but also because of her strength, and behind her strength, she is still in tune with many brothers and sisters.

However, Lingxuan clearly remembered that Senior Sister Lingyun had one of the best brains in the entire hall.

After all, some decisions in the Earth Palace will acquiesce to Ling Yun's participation and it seems that every time, Ling Yun's opinion will be adopted by the Earth Palace, but Ling Xuan remembers that her father often mentions Ling Yun.

"I think this should be a trap." Ling Xuan saw the heated discussion among several people, and immediately spoke up.

"Trap?" Xiao Yan and the others were surprised when they heard the words.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This Lingyun has a smart mind since he was a child, and since joining our temple, he has made some elders even more ashamed."

"So I believe that it is impossible for such a good person to make such a mistake."

"So... this is very likely a trap!" Lingxuan shared her experience!

"It seems that this guy has some brains too." Xiao Yan nodded secretly after hearing this.

Although this Lingxuan caused many troubles along the way, it can still be used at critical times.

"A trap...I think so too."

"After all, it's now in the middle of the team competition, and there are still two of the three teams that have yet to be born. Maybe they're starting to get anxious, so they came up with such a low-level solution." Mu Yingying said.

"Although this method is low-level, we have to go. After all, I think people from other teams should also have this idea." Although he had guessed what the women's team was doing, Xiao Yan still spoke.

"Since there's no other way, let's go!" After Mu Feng finished speaking, a group of five rushed over.

Ask for tickets! ! !