Chapter Vol 4 1728: The siege of the West Shrine!

"not good!"

"This guy is really going to devour Acacia Broken Enteritis!" Seeing the Lord of Li Soul's actions, Xiao Yan, who was in the world of Dou Qi, lost his voice. Xiao Yan knew that Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation was a rather mysterious holy flame among holy flames. If the method mastered by the master of the soul is swallowed by him, the consequences may be unimaginable.

"Hey, there really is no way." At this moment, You Er shook his head slightly, obviously there was nothing he could do.

The current Master of Soul Li has mastered the method of swallowing the holy flame with the soul body, and even the restraint method that their Soul Academy is proud of has been completely cracked. You Er has always wondered why the Lord of Soul Li did not swallow the holy flame , it turned out to be reserved as a back-up, because if the Master of Li Soul seizes Xiao Yan, then the effect of swallowing Acacia flame will be even higher. Today's soul body swallowing, the power is naturally not comparable to the perfection of human body swallowing.

At this moment, the Lord of Li Soul is already in the real semi-reincarnation realm. Once he is swallowed by Acacia and Broken Enteric Disease, he breaks through to the real reincarnation. I am afraid that the forbidden technique of the demon of light will not be able to cause serious damage to him!

Even Xiao Sensheng and the Demon of Light, two and a half reincarnations to deal with the master of the soul under reincarnation, have no chance of winning!

Reincarnation, half reincarnation, the difference is one word, but it is very different!

And most importantly, once he is successfully swallowed by the Lord of Souls, he will be reborn as a real human from a soul that cannot condense a human body!

If you ask the Lord of Li Soul at that time, I am afraid that he will become the real Xeon, the most powerful person that the Lord of Li Soul has never seen before.

"Boom!" It takes a lot of time to display the forbidden technique, and within this time, the Demon of Light is like a goddess of light under the protection of the Holy Clothes of Light. She, interrupted her display, and the Lord of Li Soul was also completely wrapped by a pink energy ripple because of the devouring of Acacia Broken Enteritis!

The power of the domain that comes with Acacia Broken Enteritis!

After a while, the emptiness of Lord Li Soul was completely enveloped by pink flames, apparently entering the realm to devour Acacia and Broken enteritis. The power of that realm makes it impossible to detect, or even break into it.

For a time, in the sky, the aura of supreme light gathered crazily. At the same time, a scene of pink flames in the void was also brewing some kind of tyrannical power, but the whole body of the two contained a kind of immeasurable power. Terrifying power, daunting.

There is no doubt that the battle situation will be completely disintegrated no matter who is the first to succeed!

"I didn't want to do this, but unfortunately I was forced to help."

"Although this will make my later plans a lot of trouble, but boy, remember!"

"The things and body in your body are tailor-made for me, you can't die." Just when the Master of Li Soul had just submerged into the void of pink flames, a voice transmission from the soul poured into Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea. This shocked Xiao Yan's soul. It was obviously the last voice left by the Lord of Li Soul, and from this hideous voice, Xiao Yan could easily tell that the Lord of Li Soul had absolute confidence in entering the cycle of reincarnation.

"Hey..." After the rest, the place returned to calm, but at this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes were gloomy. Obviously, they did not expect this situation, otherwise the demon of light would not strike, at this time The Lord of Li Soul has been completely defeated.

"Let's go, we must go now." After a few breaths, the evil Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and only when he reached the level of half reincarnation did he understand the current situation.

He originally lived in the clan lines of the Xiao clan, and entered Xiao Yan's body by chance. Now he was finally awakened by Xiao Yan, but in the battle just now, he had consumed too much power. Only the Eight-star Fighting Immortal level strength, once the Devil of Light and the Lord of Li Soul are freed, the price will be quite heavy, and the Ten Palace Yan Luo is only himself awakened by Xiao Yan, no matter what, neither himself nor Xiao Yan can Death, the other nine powerhouses still need them to wake up.

"I can't go, I have to take the Demon of Light back, because he is my master's wife. If this misunderstanding is not resolved, I will be ashamed of my master." Heisha Longlang smiled slyly, death was nothing to him. Fear, the bright fighting intent in his eyes permeated.

"I'm not leaving either." You Er shook his head slightly, he naturally wanted to protect him at the last moment. If the Lord of Li Soul breaks through the cycle of reincarnation, with her fierceness, she can only die, so he really wanted to witness Li Soul's death with his own eyes. Whether the Lord is reborn or fallen.

"Ugh……"

"I leave the body to you, I'll take a rest." Xiao Sensheng could only shake his head when he heard the words, and immediately lived in Xiao Yan's soul realm, and handed over the control of his body to Xiao Yan.

"This guy, Lord of Li Soul, devours holy flames like this, so there will be no sequelae?" Xiao Yan just regained control, clenched his fists tightly, and couldn't help saying.

"There are no sequelae. If you talk about sequelae, it was already a sequela when he was weak just now."

"Unfortunately, the Master of Soul is cautious by nature, and there is nothing to do now." You Er waved his hand weakly.

"Senior, thank you for what happened in the past." Listening to You Er's words, Xiao Yan nodded happily, and cast his eyes towards the Heisha Dragon Wolf.

"Hey, I almost forgot about the business."

"This time I came out of the demon realm to find you. If there is time after the ghost realm is over, I hope you will come back to the demon realm with me." Heishan Longlang scratched his head and grinned.

"No problem." Xiao Yan nodded with a smile, even Xiao Yan vaguely felt that his trip to the demon world should be related to the so-called demon emperor.

"Next, just wait quietly After some conversation, you Er whispered.

"I'm afraid... it's not that simple."

"Am I right..."

"Master of the West God Temple." After a while, Xiao Yan smiled casually, his eyes on the golden sand above the desert hinterland.

"Crack." With a sound, the yellow sand at the bottom of the desert's hinterland trembled strangely, and a dark gate of space suddenly appeared above the desert.

"Hahaha, such a keen sense of smell."

"As expected of the guy named by the Lord of Li Soul to be on guard against." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, hundreds of black shadows poured out like worms from the gate of space above the desert.

"Fang Hao, the master of the West Temple..."

"..."

"Hua Shao, the head of Li Hunwei..." Familiar names emerged from You Er's mouth.

"Master Li Soul is really well prepared for this reincarnation road." Looking at the hundred strong men in front of him, Heishan Longlang laughed suddenly, and the demonic aura spread out into the sky.

He knew that these hundreds of black shadows were all elites in the temple, and their strength was almost in the ranks of the six-star fighting immortals, and even the eight-star fighting immortals, there were four of them.

"On the order of the Lord of Li Soul, to capture Xiao Yan, the most wanted person in Li Soul Domain, who is blocking the road..."

"Kill it!" Hundreds of strong men lined up, and Fang Hao's expression became distorted, and a sinister smile with victory in his hand spread out.

At this moment, there is only a Hei Sha Longlang in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, and You Er, who has the strength of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal in the early stage, and Xiao Yan, who is only a five-star Fighting Immortal, how to deal with the elites in this Western Temple, and Li Soul Guard.

Those were four eight-star fighting immortals.

As for the two voids above the desert hinterland, they are changing all the time. Once the transformation is completed, I am afraid that this place will evolve into a real purgatory.