Chapter Vol 4 1979: Paradise of the Gods, the key to Paradise Lost?

The emerald green water pool touched about 100 meters. At this time, the waves were dangerous and huge waves emerged, and then the nine golden dragons were straight and slender, and their bodies were shrouded in auspicious luster, like a real sacred object, jumping directly into the air.

"That's it?" Xiao Yan stood there dumbfounded, looking at the mysterious patterns of countless exotic flowers and plants on the iron pillar, his eyes were fixed on the corner of Jiutian Jinlong's mouth, and he couldn't help losing his voice.

That's a box.

The whole body of the box appeared, and a strong vitality was vented out. After the breath, the nine golden dragons were directly destroyed.

And when Xiao Yan stared at this box, an extremely terrifying pressure swept out, making Xiao Yan unable to help but feel a sense of worship in his body!

The box is about a square shape, with a square shape. The outermost layer is a ray of sunshine, which is tightly protected, and through the ray of light, it is a layer of colorful crystal, crystal silver and antimony transparent, a trace of hidden breath. emerge.

In the innermost part of the mysterious Xiaguang box, a faint blood-red luster can be seen faintly. It seems to be a heart that is shaking violently like a human being, only the size of a longan!

The heart beats slowly one after another, and each beat will bring the violent beating of Xiao Yan's eyelids, which is extremely bright red, dripping slowly like blood, that kind of power and luster, dazzling, making people yearn for and awe.

"This... what is it?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed tightly, and his body could not move at all. He immediately looked at the blood-red heart protected by the second-layer energy in the Xiaguang box, and couldn't help but muttered. .

However, no matter how Xiao Yan roared, no one responded to Xiao Yan.

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, the Emperor Yan Ring seemed to have received some guidance and fell off Xiao Yan's body. Immediately, with a faint flame, it rushed towards the Xiaguang Box!

"Boom!" The two just collided, an invisible energy ripple spread out, the Xiaguang above the Xiaguang box slowly fell, and the Emperor Yan Ring was also returning to Xiao Yan.

The rays of light fell off, and there was only a layer of crystal protection on top of the box, and the heart inside it kept flickering like a dream, making it foolish to tell whether it was a dream or reality.

"Crash!" After the breath, a fiery red luster rose into the sky above the crystal box, like a furious roar of a fierce beast, sweeping the whole world. The king can only bow down, and dare not have any disobedience.

"What a tyrannical breath of life... and there seems to be an even more majestic flame power in it?" Feeling this unprecedented power, Xiao Yan frowned, and he exerted his strength to the limit, muttering.

"Fire Spirit Orb?"

"One of the keys to Paradise Lost?" Just when Xiao Yan was at a loss, the Emperor Yan Ring was directly worn on Xiao Yan's index finger, and a profound message was suddenly transmitted to Xiao Yan's mind through the Emperor Yan Ring. among.

"Guru... how is that possible?"

"This thing is actually the key to Paradise Lost?" In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and an incredible stun swept his heart.

Paradise Lost, according to the accurate information just reported by the Emperor Flame Ring, it is the paradise of the gods, the resting place of the gods!

And most importantly, those who can step into Paradise Lost are strong at least above the sixth-layer Reincarnation Realm!

Sixth-layer reincarnation realm, what kind of mysterious power is that!

Even through the information returned by the Emperor Yanjie just now, Xiao Yan vaguely realized that the Heaven and Earth War, and even the inexplicable disappearance of the Xiao Clan and the execution of the guardians, were all related to Paradise Lost.

Although there is no specific intelligence information, Xiao Yan's intuition tells Xiao Yan that I am afraid that the Xiao family or the guardians have obtained some enviable and peerless divine artifact from Paradise Lost, which caused such a tragic incident.

"It seems that this thing is more important than my life." After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan looked firmly at the heart above the crystal box and said solemnly.

Paradise Lost is the paradise of the gods. It is said that it has the vital things needed to break through the cycle of reincarnation and step into the "Battle God" rank, and the keys to unlock Paradise Lost are the five spiritual beads of gold, wood, water, fire and soil.

"If you look at the information from the Emperor Yanjie, I'm afraid this one in front of you is one of the so-called Five Spirit Orbs, the Fire Spirit Orb!" Xiao Yan walked over to it step by step. With the blessing, Xiao Yan was not attacked by the ancient power in this crystal box.

"Pfft!" Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's plans, the crystal box vibrated violently, and hot melt slowly overflowed from the box, and immediately vented out to Xiao Yan, trying to hunt and kill And block Xiao Yan's progress.

"Calm me down!"

"The power of holy flame, the blood of the Xiao family!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan tore a **** mouth out of his wrist, and the bright red blood and the power of amber holy flame resisted it.

"Boom boom boom!" With a sound, the molten liquid was easily destroyed by Xiao Yan's attack.

"It seems that this thing was indeed subdued by the ancestors of the Xiao family and planted a unique aura that belongs to our Xiao family. No wonder it is difficult for the guardians to spy on the secrets Xiao Yan said, while the palm wrapped the blood saint Yan, gently opened the crystal box.

"Shabu Shabu!" The crystal box was just opened, and a terrifyingly hot breath came out, and there was also an ancient breath of life. The breath seemed to come from an ancient garden. Smell, it is pleasing to the eye, if it can be accompanied for a long time, I am afraid it has the mysterious effect of prolonging life.

"It really is the Fire Spirit Orb!" After blinking, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say with joy, looking at the longan-sized item lying quietly in the crystal box.

The fire spirit bead is bright in color and round in shape, with a touch of natural power. The whole body of the spirit bead is painted with complex and obscure patterns, but now Xiao Yan senses it at a glance, and the power of the soul is actually swallowed directly. It was exhausted, and even had a feeling of dizziness, so I could only give up the exploration of the Fire Spirit Orb.

This kind of divine artifact is probably not something that he can spy on now, but Xiao Yan is clear that the value of this artifact is probably more attractive than divine artifact or even holy flame!

Once the news of it is exposed, the current Xiao Yan will probably be killed!

"It's better to keep this thing and seal it up first, otherwise, once it is passed on, I'm afraid it will cause real chaos in the world." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, and all his strength immediately boiled, while controlling the Fire Spirit Orb, while facing his own body go.

"The five beads are gathered, the paradise is opened, the way of the gods is revealed, all beings are in trouble!" Just after Xiao Yan put the ancient incomparable fire spirit beads into his body and sealed it with all his strength, a long Sanskrit sound was transmitted to Xiao Yan's heart, making him Xiao Yan's body suddenly shook.

Fire Spirit Orb, the name of the key to Paradise Lost in the paradise of the gods, is indeed well-deserved.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: