Chapter Vol 4 1844: The last devil fruit!

In the dark and cold abyss.

"I don't allow you to do this!" Ji Xuan tightly hugged the person in his arms, and after a long while, he reluctantly said a word.

"Don't worry, I will come back safely." Lin Yunshu comforted softly, she naturally knew what Ji Xuan was worried about.

"Uuuu." Looking at Ji Xuan's speechless appearance, Lin Yunshu's cheeks flashed a hint of crimson, and then his eyes reflected Ji Xuan's figure, Yukou gently kissed Ji Xuan.

"Sisi." At this moment, the air suddenly became silent, but after a while, Lin Yunshu naughty bit gently, and for a while, a trace of blood slowly flowed down his jade mouth.

"I'm leaving, I won't break my promise this time." Song said, as if the kiss contained a thousand words, a trace of pure white stars appeared under Lin Yunshu's feet, and after the blink of an eye, the lines of stars on his forehead flickered. The dazzling light turned into a beautiful cloth behind it, protecting Lin Yunshu.

The bloodshot at the corner of his mouth did not dissipate, and slowly dripped down his body, instantly rendering Lin Yunshu's entire body a blood red, as violent and unmatched as a bloodthirsty beast.

"I'll accompany you." Looking at the guy in front of him, Ji Xuan's aura broke through to the early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals in one fell swoop, and immediately hugged the princess and said.

"Alright, alright, don't go."

"It's a pity that such a pair of gods and goddesses did not succeed in cultivation."

"As your senior brother, it is naturally enough to take on something for you."

"I'll go out in a while, and you should stabilize the common people first, and join up with the emperor and other high-level royal family members. I have my own way for demons and souls. I just hope that the strong souls of the soul hall and the Holy See's support will not be too strong."

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan analyzed, and his eyes became deep after speaking.

"En." At this moment, the princess and Ji Xuan were surprisingly not struggling. They quietly looked at Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan's body became imposing and mighty. They also knew that this method was the best.

As long as the remaining Soul Temple powerhouses are obliterated and the power of the other two turmoil is suppressed, it is possible to win, otherwise once the demon or Soul Wuji frees up, what awaits them is the real doomsday.

"Boom!" After being instructed by Xiao Yan, there was a violent vibration in the dark void. The Dark Underworld Master held his feet and jumped straight away. His footsteps were a little empty in the dark abyss. Go to the outer sky.

"What the **** is going on down here?" Xiao Yan was still a little curious when he left, and the dazzling soul power slid into the bottomless abyss.

Beneath the dark abyss, it was as bottomless as a bottomless pit, the dark and icy aura made the body and mind tense all the time, and the suppressed aura was even more severe.

"Sisi!" There was no feedback, but because of Xiao Yan's action, a breath of awe and horror from his blood filled Xiao Yan's entire body, which was not resolved until he left the abyss.

"Susu... descendants of the Xiao clan, they are really disgusting things." After a long time, after Xiao Yan and the others left the abyss, a resentful voice from the bottom of the abyss sounded like a supreme demon, slowly resounding in the abyss. .

The aura contained in that voice is completely different from that of a powerhouse like the Soul Eater!

That's... a taste that almost transcends reincarnation!

...

Just after leaving the bottom of the abyss, a few people were in danger. After a while, everyone split up. Ji Xuan and the princess went to join most of them, leaving behind Xiao Yan, the Dark Lord and Gamma, but what Xiao Yan did not expect was , Gamma actually actively follows itself.

"Don't look at me, I just want to see how you died." Gamma smiled.

"Let's go, let's go and see the powerhouses of the Holy See first." Xiao Yan bound Gamma under the arm of the dark underworld warrior, and he stood on the shoulders of the giant knight, facing the sky, the soul Wuji and the devil fought. place to go.

At this moment, in the sky, countless black mist and dark green blood mist are like struggling fireworks, constantly blooming with gorgeous brilliance.

"Sir, we have found Gamma's location." At this time, in Lin Feng's house, the parade angel Mekal was seated in a pavilion slightly, and Sol walked quietly behind him, returning to return.

"Where is he?" Mekal frowned.

"He was with Xiao Yan at this time, heading towards the center of the battle between the demon and Soul Wuji, but the remaining devil fruit is missing..." Thor also wondered.

"Forget it, this kind of evil person should be completely annihilated here." During the speech, a hot and dazzling white light around Mekal's body was like a ray of light, slowly wrapping around his body, and his aura was set off very much like ordinary people. different.

"The chill of light!" After a while, Mekal's palm slowly presented a tray shape, and then an invisible barebow appeared, and a terrifying light pattern instantly emerged from the body and wrapped around his barebow.

"Go!" With a heavy wave, the bow of light suddenly roared out, and for a while, the magnificent building collapsed in an instant, and immediately brought a storm of light patterns, which filled the entire void. Shooting away from a distance.

The sacred and hot light pattern, it seems that the sharpest weapon in the angel's hand, turned into an extremely sharp arrow, and it exploded!

Sacred is not controlled by the power of the Sky Demon and Soul Wuji. It is roaring and screaming, and it cuts through the sky in an instant. Immediately, in a swooping posture, it goes towards the gamma under the arm of the dark underworld!

Looking at this sudden ray of light, Soul Wuji and the demon who were fighting in the sky stopped their attacks one after another, and their eyes flickered with awe, trying to find the source of the attack, because of the sacred power contained in this attack, Rao felt a burst of heart palpitations with their strength.

"Don't!" The arrow of light above the sky suddenly turned around, and suddenly crossed the void, froze the space, and beheaded towards Gamma.

"嘁偁嘁!" At this moment, the Dark Underworld Warrior was also oppressed extremely tyrannically. On his giant body, a touch of darkness from **** protected him and Xiao Yan.

"Angel arrows..."

"Destroy it to me!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's whole body was on fire, and his bones and pupils flashed with extremely terrifying power. Burning Jue, swallowing the flames, and fighting the soul with all the means, adding the fire of the holy flame. , at this time like a real volcano venting his anger.

The previous Xiao Yan had always been responsible for protecting others and had hidden a lot of power. At this moment, he was like a real ~ Nirvana reborn!

The arrow of light spreads around carrying the divine light, and when it touches the powerhouses of the Soul Palace, those guys are directly evaporated and disappear into a smear of black gas.

Still going, still spreading!

It's just that this kind of attack locked Gamma, even with the protection of Xiao Yan and the Dark Underworld, Gamma couldn't escape.

"Fate... But you forgot the last Devil Fruit."

"The mere angels are nothing but a group of devils in human skins. This time, let the demonic will of our faith completely evaporate all this." Watching the arrows of light in the sky getting closer and closer, the corner of Gamma's mouth was It became dark, and even the dark green breath slowly squirmed, and at the heart, it seemed that something terrible was about to break out of the ground!

And Gamma's eyes became dull and respectful at this moment, looking at Xiao Yan with respect like a simple servant!