Chapter Vol 4 2181: Already have plans!

"Senior, do it!"

Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent, carrying an amber flame, the blood in his body boiled, and the first realm of Burning Jue was exerted to the extreme, and he instantly turned into a ferocious flame tiger. The flames burned on his body, which looked completely different from before!

In an instant, he crossed the dark realm and blasted away at the throne.

He knew that now was one of their few opportunities, and if they were wasted, they would probably fall into dire straits.

"Zen Staff Buddha Mang!"

The Zen master raised his palm and blasted out the Zen staff containing the supreme Buddha light. At the same time, he held the golden relic, and roared away at the shadow of the emptiness above the throne with a very tricky attack angle!

The offensive of the two is awe-inspiring, I am afraid that even if they face the third-order peak reincarnation, they can only be destroyed in peace.

"Shabu Shabu!"

The two attacked one after another, but when they touched the throne altar dozens of meters, a thick black magic shield appeared out of thin air.

A strip of blood-colored centipedes appeared on the magic shield, and they moved under the gaze of the two, bit by bit nibbling away their attacks!

"Crack!"

Xiao Yan and Zen Master's ferocious attacks touched it, without causing any fluctuations, it was easily destroyed, and even where the arms and body touched, a drop of sticky magic energy directly mixed into their bodies, trying to devour them. minds and control their bodies.

"Holy Flame Sea!"

"Purify me!"

The black magic liquid was on his body, Xiao Yan's scalp was numb, the breath of death lingered in his heart, and he roared, Fen Jue and several Saint Flame Crystals shared the same hatred, and only then did he purify the magic liquid from himself and the Zen master.

"This kind of strength is too terrifying."

The attack failed, Xiao Yan and the Zen master stood quietly in the dark realm, their faces solemn.

"Ha ha."

"It's really pleasing to be praised by the master of the holy flame of the Great Thousand Worlds."

"Crack!"

With a bang, the cyan chain shattered, and on top of the blood-colored windbreaker, a man with a smile on his face was completely formed, and said with a hearty smile.

If you don't look at the blood-colored windbreaker behind him that contains infinite evil power, I'm afraid this man is no different from humans.

The blood-colored rays of light on the throne quickly condensed, and it was like a swirl of morning light rippling. When contacted by this breath, Xiao Yan felt that his body suddenly froze, and dizziness struck, as if he was involved in a different time and space!

A thin black figure, wrapped in a blood-colored windbreaker, and a looming blood-colored centipede appeared, looking particularly terrifying!

"Fourth tier?"

The Zen master's eyes were cold and he opened his mouth in surprise.

Ten thousand years ago, this guy was only a third-order, but he has reached this stage in ten thousand years.

A faint voice came from under the blood-colored windbreaker on the throne. The voice contained an incomparably surging monstrous evil energy and coercion. Under this kind of power, the power of Xiao Yan and the Zen master instantly dimmed.

"Master Xuying, an old rival."

"Today, use your life essence and blood to pay homage to the arrival of the deity."

"Baxia Dragon King, you have been planning for thousands of years, and today will eventually perish at my feet."

"Hahaha!"

The harsh demonic sound spread out, and it contained endless murderous aura and hatred!

"Donor, the sea of ​​suffering is boundless, turning back is the shore."

"Why are you obsessed with killing evil?"

The bead on the Zen master's palm turned, exhorting.

"Don't worry, today this deity is not only about killing people, but also drinking blood."

The sharp voice stimulated the minds of everyone, causing the two of them to be in a trance, and the power in their bodies became sluggish.

"It has been suppressed for countless years, and it is still so hostile."

"Today, the master of Japan's holy flame will strangle you here!"

Xiao Yan sneered indifferently, without a trace of fear, because when Xiao Yan used the holy flame attack, the scales of the underlord emitted a scorching hot breath.

That kind of breath and strength echoed this space. Thinking about it carefully, it must be left by the Dragon King Baxia. Obviously, he also anticipated today, so he had plans for a long time.

"It's just you?"

"Merely in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals?"

"How about controlling the holy flame?"

"Ant, die!"

The blood-colored windbreaker creaked, and blood-colored energy dripped down from it, and even the void along the way couldn't bear this force, and it shattered.

The overwhelming blood-colored energy swept in, and with the smashing of the void, the endless aura of evil death was much better, and it was extraordinarily cold.

It seems that this dark realm has become gloomy and cold under the appearance of this kind of power.

"kill!"

With a cold snort, the Blood-robed Centipede Marquis waved his hand, and all the surrounding evil forces blasted away at the two of them. The attacking power was so strong that it was irresistible.

"Humph!"

"The first stage of Burning Jue, Burning the Foundation!"

"Wheel of Holy Flame, bloom!"

The low and loud voice sounded like thunder, setting off countless terrifying waves in this dark realm.

"Boom!"

The complete success of Fen Jue's first stage made Xiao Yan's body even more terrifying, and his control over Sheng Yan reached the highest level.

The amber-colored holy flame quietly attached to Xiao Yan's palm, the void collapsed, and then circles of amber-colored fire wheels spread directly from Xiao Yan's wrist!

The fire wheel just spread, and the dark parasites in the whole world hummed and trembled, terrified, and there was a burst of surprise in the eyes of the blood-robed centipede.

"Pfft!"

The extreme surging power of purification contained in the amber-colored fire wheel burst out continuously. Although it was laborious, under the watchful eyes of the two of them, the terrifying blow of the blood-robed Houzun was counteracted.

In the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, resisting the attack of the Samsara level?

If it wasn't for the two of them intentionally keeping their hands, I'm afraid that all the credit would have to be attributed to Sheng Yan!

"In the middle of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the holy flame was used so well... It seems that you can't leave it."

The face of the blood-robed centipede began to change, and countless blood-colored centipedes fell off from the blood-colored windbreaker, covering the entire space!

"Huhu Senior, if you don't make a move, I'm afraid..."

The holy flame fire wheel in Xiao Yan's hand dimmed slightly, and Xiao Yan immediately raised his head and stared at the throne.

His own strength is not enough to resist the blood-clothed centipede. Although the power of the holy flame can make him fearful, if it is a real life-and-death struggle, it is Xiao Yan who suffers!

"Pretty sharp boy."

"It's no wonder that you will get a lot of holy flames, and you will also get the intimacy of the eldest brother's favored son."

Xiao Yan's voice fell, the void within the dark realm trembled, and a strange voice stepped out.

The figure was faint, but when the sound sounded, the countless dark parasites contained in the surrounding Baxia's body instantly fell off, and the blue divine light descended, covering the void!

That sound is shocking!

The front of the throne was where the blood-colored windbreaker was located, but at this time, a man in a blue shirt slowly emerged from behind the throne.

The man in the blue shirt looked extremely handsome, with a rebellious aura all over his body, and there was a blue turtle shell on his shoulders and back behind him.

On his forehead, a tortoise-shaped light mark shines dazzlingly.

The tortoise-shaped light seal contains ancient fluctuations, and even at the edge, a cyan dragon shadow is shocking.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: