Chapter Vol 4 1984: 5 peaks in a row?

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's footsteps just stepped up, stepping on the illusory and transparent cloud path stairs, a rather unreal touch appeared, causing him to frown.

Because Xiao Yan clearly discovered that the originally solid Yun Dao ladder actually became illusory when he stepped on it, and even showed signs of laxity. I am afraid that his body will collapse in an instant after leaning on it. If so, it will undoubtedly fall directly like those guys before.

"Pfft!" Before Xiao Yan's doubts settled down, rage and thunder uncontrollably appeared all over Xiao Yan's body, with a monstrous momentum, accompanied by the gravity of tens of thousands of kilograms of boulders pressing down on his body. , the pressure suddenly increased!

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and immediately launched the hot blast technique, trying to directly step over the Yundao ladder at an extremely fast speed.

"So miserable?" The next moment, Xiao Yan found that every step was extremely difficult, even with the blessing of the explosive technique, it was extremely slow, and even the countless figures in front of him staggered and fell directly, which was quite miserable.

"Crash!" With a sound, seven mountain peaks were lined up in sequence at the top of the Yundao Ladder, and a coercion swept out.

"What the **** is going on here?" Xiao Yan looked at the Yundao ladder, but instead of moving rashly, he retreated.

It seems that this cloud path will swallow up the vindictive energy that restricts them, making them like the most ordinary mortals who can only climb with the most primitive strength.

"Hey!" After Shunxi, Liu Hao and the two were bathed in soft white light, their figures rioted, and they went straight to the sky with the momentum of thunder, causing countless people to secretly slap their tongues, as if there was a rare touch of light outside them. Power exists, and it is only from the torture of this power.

"Oh... there are people from the Holy See, it's interesting and interesting." A sly man hidden in the crowd laughed maliciously, and a touch of evil power in the depths of his body actually gave off a rather greedy taste , his eyes involuntarily passed through the endless ancient world, looking at the ancient sacred land, where it seemed to be his purpose.

"Seven Stars Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan frowned. Obviously, just when Liu Hao's strength emerged, the pressure of Seven Stars Fighting Immortals swept out, making Xiao Yan quite surprised.

The Holy See powerhouse, Seven Star Fighting Immortal, and so young, I am afraid his status is quite high.

"Boom!" After the blink of an eye, a group of strong men also followed Liu Hao's method, wrapped with soul power, and lightly embellished their toes on the stairs of Yunding, heading towards the seven peaks of Yunding.

"Hoohoo."

"I'm afraid there is still room in these seven peaks, and the guardian strength among them does not seem to be too low...don't care!" Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and one jumped directly into it.

Above the seven mist-shrouded peaks, countless mysterious powers surround, slowly suspended outside the ancient world, protecting and guarding the ancient world, and also the ultimate guardian of the summit this time.

The seven peaks are arranged from low to high, and the strength of the guarding figures inside them is also from low to high.

Among the first peaks, the place is lush and green, surrounded by bamboo forests, and one of them is a rather young man sitting slowly. It seems that this guy is the guardian of the first peak.

"Three Stars Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning as he looked at the rather young man in front of him.

"Your Excellency, this is the seven peaks of our ancient clan. If you don't have enough strength to step into this place and challenge us, you will only have life and death, and there will be no way out."

"I hope your Excellency will consider it carefully." The young man smiled slightly, and said with a serious face, the warning in his voice was quite obvious.

"Let's do it." Xiao Yan responded with a blank expression. Obviously, the so-called Qifeng was not as terrifying as Xiao Yan imagined.

Originally, Xiao Yan thought that among the seven peaks, there were probably some people with high morals and respect. With the background of the ancient clan, I am afraid that at least they started with five-star fighting immortals. Who knew that the first peak actually only had three-star fighting immortals.

From this perspective, I am afraid that the seven peaks only need to be afraid of the last two peaks. Of course, among the seven peaks, the strength of each peak is very different.

"Climbers, register your name." The young man slowly stroked his body and smiled lightly.

"Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and with a wave of his hand, a flat arc of fire drifted past. The terrifying destructive power made the young man's face change slightly, and a flash of horror emerged, but he came to the man's side and stopped. After coming down, all Xiao Yan needs to do now is Prestige, and naturally there is no need to kill.

"Can I enter the second peak?" Xiao Yan asked, looking at the astonishment on the young man's face.

"Xiao Yan..." The young man muttered slightly, and immediately waved his palm, a void appeared in front of him, which was obviously the entrance of the second peak.

"Xuuuu!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan turned into a splendid arc of fire and stepped into it suddenly.

"Xiao Yan Xiao Yan, is this the so-called Xiao Yan that the Holy Maiden said before her retreat?"

"The Holy See's Son of Light... Xiao Yan... I'm afraid that the last peak, some people have played." The young man smiled slowly, he obviously remembered Xiao Yan's identity and Liu Hao's madness. real contest.

"Crash!" At the same time, Xiao Yan passed five levels and cut six generals all the way, and easily even broke five peaks and walked towards the sixth peak.

The first peak, Samsung Dou Xian.

The second peak, Four Star Dou Xian.

The third peak, the Five Star Fighting Immortal The fourth peak, the Six Star Fighting Immortal.

The fifth peak, Seven Stars Fighting Immortals.

And this so-called sixth peak, unsurprisingly, I am afraid it will be the real Eight-star Dou Xian. In addition to the fact that Xiao Yan must conceal his holy flame, dealing with the real Eight-star Dou Xian will obviously be more difficult than before. Difficulty, of course, this is also a kind of training Xiao Yan has for himself. If he can fight against the real Eight-star Fighting Immortal without using the power of holy flame, then adding the power of holy flame, I am afraid that such combat power...

"What about people?" Xiao Yan just stepped into the space of the sixth peak, looked around, but did not find any human figures, and couldn't help muttering.

The sixth peak, the space here has already presented a sea area, and Xiao Yan is now on top of a reef in a deep sea area. The surrounding stormy waves are surging and suffocating.

"Haha, are you one of those guys who have broken through the five peaks in a row..." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the blue water around him slowly burst, and one of the middle-aged men appeared, slightly With a smile, he opened his mouth immediately, and there was an extremely terrifying aura in his voice.

"Water Elemental Celestial Seed, Eight-Star Fighting Immortal's initial strength." Seeing this, Xiao Yan looked at the black-haired man in front of him. From him, he really felt an oppression. Obviously, the water attribute controlled by this guy was actually It is more powerful than Xiao Yan who does not use the fire of holy flame!

This is unprecedented!

However, after a brief hesitation, Xiao Yan's eyes became more and more fiery, because Xiao Yan believed that even if he did not use Sheng Yan, he would still have the power to fight against the Eight Star Dou Xian in the early stage, and now Xiao Yan is very strong. I want to see how consummate the various powers that I have controlled before have reached the level of perfection.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: