Chapter Vol 4 2260: Demon Slayer's invitation to meet!

"Sisi!"

"What a terrifying formation, as expected of a powerful formation that accommodates 500,000 formations."

Just touching this so-called Demon Execution Formation, all the power in Xiao Yan's body trembled at the same time, the soul power, the holy flame power actually emitted a joy, it seemed that the energy contained in the formation was similar to the two.

This Demon Execution Formation looks almost transparent, perfectly hidden from the space, but when it travels through, layers of liquid-like formation force soaks the entire body, whether it is your own skin, flesh and blood, or even your soul. It's all checked out!

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?"

The next moment, Xun'er felt a sudden change in Xiao Yan's body through the palm of her hand, and she asked with a frown.

Xun'er naturally knew the Devil's Cube in Xiao Yan's body. Now that the power of the Demon Execution Array is too strong, she probably sensed the existence of the Devil's Cube.

"As expected, it seems to be exactly what the lord said."

"Let's go, this old man is also entrusted by others."

The old man who led the way looked at Xiao Yan's somewhat ugly face, as if he was being directed by someone, a gentle force enveloped Xiao Yan, and suddenly that extremely huge repulsive force gradually weakened.

"Thank you, senior." After speaking, the three of them walked past the Demon Execution Formation and walked towards the Daqiangong Palace.

At the top of the branches of the Daqianshu, the Daqian Palace is huge and magnificent, and in front of the palace is an extremely spacious square.

On the square at this time, indescribable energy fluctuations spread out from the void overwhelmingly.

In this kind of fluctuation, there is endless reincarnation power, and just after it emerged, there were bursts of extremely violent energy ripples, as if it could tear the void here.

However, it is a pity that this is the Daqiangong Palace, and its sturdiness is far from what this kind of power can destroy.

Xiao Yan and the two moved towards the back of the square under the leadership of the old guide, but at this time, on the square, one after another, the figures were coming one after another, apparently from the countless days who came to participate in the plane meeting. Proud!

"It's actually the Tianfeng clan?"

Just came here, Xiao Yan and Xun'er looked around, Xun'er suddenly looked at a beautiful figure standing still in the square and couldn't help saying.

Xiao Yan heard the words and looked, and suddenly saw a graceful middle-aged woman in the void in front of him. The woman's appearance was extremely enchanting, and there was no doubt that there was a touch of elegance around her body. The most striking thing was the brocade of the latter. On the top, a small energy phoenix shadow moves up and down, and the fluctuations contained on it are extremely amazing.

And this fluctuation, Xiao Yan is naturally not unfamiliar, it should belong to the power of the Phoenix family.

"The Tianfeng clan is the super race with the bloodline closest to the phoenix lineage. I didn't expect even them to come."

Xiao Yan nodded and frowned, weighing things.

"The people from Shicha Island are here too."

"..."

One after another tyrannical winds filled the square, and suddenly several valiant and talented young powerhouses gathered here.

Their strength is not bad, and their arrogance is particularly fierce, but this is also the strongest among the younger generation of superpowers in the human world in the Great Thousand World.

"Why are these two people able to receive the reception of the elders of Dagangong in person?"

Dozens of Tianjiao looked at Xiao Yan and the two standing behind the old man with doubts on their faces.

Daqiangong's status is extraordinary, and there are not many people in the entire Daqian Palace who can be treated like this by Daqiangong.

"Elder Dagan, now that everyone has gathered almost, should we hold a plane meeting?"

"And according to the gold stickers released by the Dagan League, this time the plane meeting seems to be different from the past, so we still need the elders of Dagan to answer the doubts in our hearts."

The Tianfeng woman's slender hand twisted, and the phoenix bird buzzed slightly, and bursts of majestic energy invaded.

"The strong reincarnation fluctuations, I am afraid that this guy's strength has reached the peak of the first-level reincarnation."

Seeing the Tianfeng Clan woman speak, the other strong people present were secretly surprised, but they all agreed with the latter's words.

"Hehe, don't worry."

"Before the official plane meeting is held, there is still one important thing to do, so please wait a little longer."

"And there are still a few important people who haven't arrived yet."

The senior cadre who led the two of Xiao Yan smiled gently, looked around in the square and then opened his mouth.

"..."

As soon as Elder Dagan finished speaking, the entire square was filled with a dead silence. Daqiangong is a place of supreme power, and no one dares to be presumptuous here.

The elders in the Daqiangong are the real cores that control and manage the operation of the Daqiangong. Even the superpowers in the human world must be treated respectfully when they see it, not to mention the existence of the three higher positions in the Daqiangong. .

"You two, come with me."

Looking at the situation in the field, there are also some relevant personnel in the ancient palace of Daqiangong who walked out to maintain the order here. Elder Dagan turned his head and said to Xiao Yan and the two of them. After speaking, he walked directly into the palace of Daqiangong.

The Daqiangong Palace standing on the top of the branches of the Daqianshu is incomparably huge, full of thousands of feet in size, and its interior can be said to be surrounded by countless resources and items. Now the ancient palace is slowly being opened, and an indifferent silence filled the presence of the strong. mind.

"Why is this guy able to enter the Great Thousand Palace first?"

"It's not fair!"

"What exactly is going on?"

The people present were all high-ranking and powerful people. Looking at the treatment of Xiao Yan and the two, they couldn't help but feel a little jealous.

"This is the domain owner of the Endless Fire Domain, everyone..." Seeing some voices in the crowd, Xuan Fengzi hurriedly spoke, trying to fan the flames.

The losses suffered before, but now they have to be doubled back.

"Everyone, don't be impatient. Lord Xiao Yu is the person whom the Daqiangong Demon Executioner personally named to meet. If you don't agree, go to Lord Demon Executioner."

The Daqiangong staff who came out to maintain order along the way spoke indifferently , but their voices were filled with endless reverence.

"Who was personally named by the Demon King to meet?"

"Sisi!"

Listening to the opening of the staff of the Dagangong Palace, many strong men could not help but take a deep breath and keep their mouths shut.

The prestige and strength of the Demon King is not something they can slander.

"Elder Dagan, is this?"

Xiao Yan and the two stepped into the Dagan Palace with Elder Dagan. On the ground here, the passages and corridors along the way are filled with ancient runes. Those powers are like array patterns, but they contain a sacred aura. , but it was terrifying.

"I know you have a lot of questions, but this old man is just an errand messenger."

"The lord is waiting for you."

After the elder Dagan finished speaking, he pointed to a plain and unadorned wooden wing in front of him, and said softly.

In the wing in front of him, at first glance, there is an ethereal aura, and in the room, traces of silver light shone down, making it extraordinarily magnificent.

However, when Xiao Yan and Xun'er both looked down, a feeling of hair standing on end came out spontaneously!

It seems that there is a real powerful being in this wooden wing!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: