Chapter Vol 4 1003: Unlucky Wandu door

"Damn?"

"What's the matter?"

"This movement... seems to come from the bottom of the pool?" And when the ghostly energy disappeared without a trace, Yan Chi, located 500 meters away in the blood river pool, suddenly shrank his pupils, obviously found something .

"This movement... is it big brother?" And Xiao Yi also sensed the movement in the depths of the Blood River Pond and couldn't help but say.

"Xiao Yan?" Mu Yingying had just broken through, and she felt this huge movement and couldn't help but move her beautiful eyes.

"Go up first!" When he realized this huge movement, Yan Chi also made a decisive decision and said something directly to Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying.

As soon as the voice fell, the three figures suddenly appeared and stood in the gap at the top of the Blood River Pond.

"Brother... your dark disease?" Although Mu Yingying was extremely worried about Xiao Yan, she still asked Yan Chi.

"It's all right." Yan Chi smiled slowly.

"What's going on down there?" Xiao Yi, who was on the side, also spoke slowly. Obviously, the huge movement below made Xiao Yi feel a little uneasy even with such a nine-star fighting emperor-level strength.

"The bottom should be the bottom of the Blood River Pond. I think it was Xiao Yan's movement."

"There are some rare treasures below. If it hadn't resisted me too much, I'm afraid this kid wouldn't have been cheap for nothing." Yan Chi shook his head helplessly and said.

"Then let's wait." Xiao Yi felt relieved when she heard the words.

"Well, wait, wait for Xiao Yan to get out of the customs, let's go look for the seven people in the Temple of Heaven. After all, the Land of Holy Flame should be opened." Yan Chi said.

"The Land of Holy Flame..." As Yan Chi opened her mouth, Xiao Yi spoke slowly, but Mu Yingying on the side didn't listen at all. Her thoughts were all on Xiao Yan at the bottom of the Blood River Pond.

On this uneven plain, not far from the three Yan Chi, two men with rather strange figures also slowly hid their figures.

"Senior brother, isn't this the guys from Fenxiang Pavilion?" Among the two men, a familiar man said.

"Fenxiang Pavilion?" The man who was called Senior Brother could not help but be surprised when he heard the words. This man was dressed in extremely tattered clothes, but there was a violent aura all over his body, which made people shudder.

"It's the person from Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Have you seen that beauty?"

"That's Mu Yingying in the Hall of Fenxiang Pavilion." Another man said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey, three people..."

"It seems that God has helped me with the Ten Thousand Poison Sect." Senior Brother said.

These two people are the two powerhouses of Wandu Sect. They are the senior brother Du Mo, who participated in the sect competition last time, and Wang Xie, one of the outstanding disciples.

Du Mo's strength is also at the level of Qixing Dou Di's consummation, and his practice of Poison Dou Qi hunger is even more consummate.

"But I see that Mu Yingying and the others seem to be guarding something?" Wang Xie's eyes lit up, and he suddenly smelled a trace of unusual breath and said.

"Where are they, they don't seem to have ghosts, it's really strange..."

"However, the strength of the two guys beside Mu Yingying should not be underestimated."

"According to my estimation, I'm afraid it is also around the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Di." Senior Brother Du Mo said.

"Go!" After Du Mo finished speaking, Wang Xie and Wang Xie followed slowly, but Mu Yingying and the others naturally didn't notice it.

"Hululu." At the bottom of the Blood River Pond, Xiao Yan's pupils also slowly opened.

"Success?" Soul Eater hurriedly asked, obviously the tricks that the phantom on the soul fighting skill scroll just practiced had given Xiao Yan a lot of inspiration.

"Yep."

"The phantom made a soul attack just now, so at that moment, I was also the first glimpse of this soul fighting skill."

"But I have to say that this soul fighting skill is undoubtedly much stronger than my Huangquan Tianwu." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Hey, that's natural."

"Although your three Huangquan moves are powerful, it is difficult to cause substantial damage against an opponent of the same level."

"And this soul fighting skill, whether it's power or even rank, is there, isn't it strong?" Soul Eater said with a smile.

"According to my current strength, I am afraid that I only have the power of a single blow. If I use this soul attack, I am afraid that I will instantly draw out nearly 80% of my strength. Of course, this level of attack is undoubtedly enough to easily kill the Seven Star Dou Emperor in seconds. A complete powerhouse, as for its limit, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Since the matter is over, it's time to go. I feel that the three people with you seem to have gone out."

"And it seems to be in some trouble," said Soul Eater.

"Wait." Hearing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, then his palm suddenly lifted, and a dazzling suction force directly put the riverbed exuding a trace of emerald light into the receiving ring, and then moved his figure slightly, facing the The Blood River Pond exits.

"It's been a long time, why hasn't Xiao Yan come out yet?"

"Will something happen?" Ten minutes later, looking down at the Blood River Pond, the pool surface was still extremely calm, and then Mu Yingying said worriedly.

"Don't worry, I have a connection with my eldest brother, and he is fine now."

"And I vaguely feel that Big Brother seems to have found something good below, and the aura in his body is slowly increasing." Xiao Yi said.

"Hey, I don't know what the three of you are doing here?" Just as Xiao Yi's voice fell, two men with extremely strange figures suddenly appeared in the sight of the three of them.

"People from the Wandu Sect?" Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and then she saw Wang Xie, and immediately said.

"Hehe I can't believe that the little beauty still remembers me, I'm really lucky." Wang Xie grinned gloomily when he heard this.

"Why are you here?" Xiao Yi smelled a dangerous aura from the two of them, and immediately said in a deep voice.

"I don't know what you are doing here?"

"We just happened to pass by." Du Mo took over this matter and said.

"What are we doing here?"

"Need you to ask?"

"If you don't want to die, get out of here!" As soon as Xiao Yi's temper came up, it was only the strength of the Seven Star Dou Di that burst out, and then said to Du Mo.

Xiao Yi also kept Xiao Yan's entrustment in mind, otherwise she would not suppress her time and directly release the ultimate power of the Bleeding River. In the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, I am afraid that these two guys will give a shit.

"Is the Seven Star Dou Emperor complete..."

"Give this person to me."

"Wang Xie, leave those two to you."

"After defeating them, I believe they will be very willing to tell the information." After Du Mo finished speaking, a violent poison suddenly appeared all over his body, and with the emergence of this poison, the ghosts around him The anger was faintly restless.

"The combination of poisonous fighting qi and strength of life..."

"Interesting." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yi smiled slightly. Obviously, the combination of poisonous fighting qi and vitality on Du Mo's body, even if he is at the level of Seven Star Dou Emperor's perfection, is slowly among the strong.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: .. Mobile version reading website: m.