Chapter Vol 4 902: Dou Xian worship, Dong Xuan!

"It's strange. When we first came here, the trees here were relatively fragile, but as we went deeper and deeper, the trees here seemed to become rough and stronger." The four of Lingmengsheng slowly Walking towards the giant tree in the sky in the middle of the forest, on the way, the old man suddenly said.

"And above these trees, it seems to contain extremely strong power."

"A careful sense, that strength is actually comparable to the powerhouse of a one-star Dou Di." Tian Lao also stopped and then spoke.

"I noticed that too."

"The trees here don't seem to be so simple, otherwise they wouldn't be left to the sixth floor of the underground palace." Ling Mengsheng naturally noticed this unusual scene, but he didn't care too much.

If some one-star Dou Emperor-level trees come to life, they probably won't cause much damage to themselves, and their purpose of this trip is naturally not here, so they can't waste time here.

"Ignore this for now, let's find the guardian and talk about it first, after all, the seventh floor is in sight." Lingmengsheng shook his head and said.

"Go." The four strong men looked at each other, and then the speed skyrocketed, and they went directly to the big tree in the sky.

Mu Xuzi, on the other hand, is protecting Xuan Muqing with due diligence. As for Fen Tian and the others, they are hiding in the dark. If Ling Mengsheng and the others encounter something that cannot be solved, they will take action.

"It's here." Not long after, the four strong men came directly under the big tree in the sky.

"The root of this tree is nearly 100 meters thick?"

"The age of this tree is probably over a thousand years." Qing Lao couldn't help but say.

All things in the world have spirits. If this giant tree in the sky condenses spiritual wisdom, I am afraid it is also a strong person.

But unfortunately, although the tree in front of me is full of spirituality, it has no spirituality.

After all, it is extremely difficult for magical beasts to cultivate spiritual wisdom, and it is undoubtedly more difficult for such creatures with lower trees and weeds to condense spiritual wisdom.

"This tree has huge roots and stems, but you didn't find it. There is a vague circle of invisible power around the tree, which is obviously isolating something." At this time, the old man said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The two elders of heaven and earth are a husband and wife. The elders of heaven and earth are strong and tyrannical, and the elders of earth are virtuous. The two of them join forces. I am afraid that the pinnacle of Dou Di and even a half-immortal powerhouse will have the power to fight.

"Invisible power?" Reimusheng was extremely insensitive to these things, so he didn't find it.

"Xiao Meng, you inject your power of life and death into the trees, and you will know." The old man said slowly.

With Di Lao's age and seniority, it's not too much to call himself a little dream.

"En." Seeing the old man so serious, Ling Mengsheng didn't hesitate at all, his mind moved, and the huge power of life and death immediately gathered in his hands.

At this time, on Reimu Sheng's palm, a force of life and death that constantly intertwined black and white beating slowly.

As for the destructive power of fear, I am afraid that the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di would be killed instantly.

"Go." Ling Mengsheng said lightly, and suddenly the huge force of life and death in his palm gently moved towards the rhizome of the giant tree in the sky.

"Bang Bang Bang!" When the dazzling power of life and death just touched one meter of the giant tree in the sky, suddenly, in front of everyone, a dazzling green light flashed instantly, and then Ling Mengsheng's seemingly terrifying attack flew out instantly. , out of Reimu's control, flew upside down and exploded suddenly in a certain place in the forest.

"It's really weird." At this time, Ling Mengsheng and Qing Lao suddenly became vigilant. This giant tree in the sky was not as simple as they thought.

"This should be the self-protection consciousness of the ancient tree. After all, this tree absorbs the greatest power in this space, so it is not surprising that it has this effect." Di Lao Tanshou said.

"Old Di, how to solve it now?" Ling Mengsheng asked, obviously the reason why Di Lao opened his mouth was because he had a way to deal with this kind of thing.

If this green defense is not resolved, I am afraid that they will not be able to enter the ancient tree. The guardian should be at the top of the ancient tree. If they do not use the ancient tree to climb up, I am afraid that they will not be able to break through the sixth floor of the underground palace until they die.

"This is simple."

"Old man, look at us." Di Lao said something and then said to Tian Lao.

"Quick fight, quick decision." Tian Lao responded in a deep voice, and then the two of them interlocked their left fingers, and even their breaths merged together.

"Boom boom boom!" The two of them interlocked their fingers, but they didn't do anything strange. It was just that on the one hand, the two of them interlaced their fingers with their left hands, while their right hand gently touched the ancient tree. Green ban.

"Shabu Shabu!" I don't know what the two elders of heaven and earth are doing, but everyone saw that a green energy gushed out from the two of them, and then it was exactly the same as the green energy of the ancient tree, and then circles of invisible ripples spread out in an instant.

After a while, the mysterious restriction on the ancient tree disappeared without a trace!

And when the mysterious prohibition disappeared, a circle of green energy fluctuations, like ripples, centered on the ancient tree, spread out towards the entire forest.

At the top of the ancient tree, the mysterious old man jokingly said, "The four nine-star fighting emperors..."

"When I promised King Xuanling to guard things here, I wanted to devour it secretly, but where did I think that King Xuanling was so cunning..."

"The guy from King Xuanling probably already knew that the mother of this fairy bodhi tree is not so easy to swallow..."

"It's really a miscalculation."

"I've been thinking about it here for so many years I'm finally here today, and this time, I want you all to know my name, Dong Xuan!" The white-haired old man said with a grin, but he was covered in ups and downs. The breath revealed is undoubtedly a real Fighting Immortal powerhouse!

"It's untied." The two old men said in unison.

"The two seniors are really good tricks." The old man was naturally delighted when he heard the words, but it was not surprising that the two old men of heaven and earth could unravel this thing. After all, the power of the two is special, and it is better for this kind of sidetracking.

"Let's go." Ling Mengsheng nodded, then raised his eyes and stared at the top of the ancient tree.

Where, there seems to be an extremely tyrannical aura, and Ling Mengsheng seems to know that that guy should be the guardian of the sixth floor of the underground palace, and he has been waiting for them for a long time.

"Be careful, if the situation is not right..."

"Just retreat."

"Don't worry, there are two of us old guys." Zhu Jin hurriedly said to Reimu Sheng.

"Don't worry, I won't be able to do it."

"After all, I am also..."

"Someone with a family!" After finishing the last word, he stepped directly into the ancient tree, and the last word was deliberately prolonged, apparently for Xuanmu to listen to.

"This guy, he has always wanted to be brave..."

"However, if this time Xuan Santian's affair ends, let him accompany me to live in seclusion and live a comfortable life." Xuan Mu tilted his lips into a shallow smile, which was extremely beautiful.