Chapter Vol 4 964: take me to

"Huhu." Xiao Yan shook his head as he saw that the two of them were killed by his own attack without leaving any ambiguity.

Xiao Yan is vigilant by nature, and naturally he will not let such an enemy escape. Since they are in bad relations, they can only kill them completely, otherwise they will be troublesome in the future.

Of the two sturdy men, one of the sturdy men had been killed by Xiao Yan, and there was no scum left, while the other captain of the sturdy man was seriously injured by Xiao Yan, and he was no different from a dead man.

In fact, Xiao Yan did not expect that his strength had skyrocketed so much.

As for the root cause of this surge, it is the power of the soul!

The power of the soul has reached the emperor level, so the power of life and even the fighting skills displayed at this time are several times stronger than before, so these two strong men in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Emperor died so wrongly.

Xiao Yan does possess the highest level of life power, but Xiao Yan found that this highest level of life power does not seem to be as strong as his own emperor or even holy flame, so naturally he rarely uses it.

However, it cannot be without the power of life. After all, the power of life is the foundation for future breakthroughs, so since the power of life was born, it was shelved by Xiao Yan.

"Dare to ask the little brother's name?" The injured man was extremely shocked after seeing Xiao Yan teasing and killing the two sturdy men with ease.

You must know that the two in front of them are strong men in the late stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, so being killed by the guy in front of them must have caused a lot of shock to the injured man.

The mere guys in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor could so effortlessly kill two late-stage Seven-Star Dou Emperor powerhouses, the horror of which, but only the injured man himself knew.

In addition, adding Xiao Yan's tone towards the two Xuanling royal family just now, the injured man guessed that this guy must have a lot of grievances towards the Xuanling royal family.

It's no wonder that the injured man thought so. After all, Xiao Yan was almost killed when he went to soak in the Xuanling Imperial Pond, and the Xuanling Royal Family has a bad relationship with the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Medusa family. The Medusa family is now the queen It is also his own wife, so all kinds of things, naturally have a deep grievance against the Xuanling royal family.

"My name is Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan gently came to the injured man's side and said after helping him up.

"Xiao Yan?" The injured man looked at Xiao Yan so enthusiastically, and immediately felt a little embarrassed. He didn't know what medicine Xiao Yan was selling in the gourd, but after hearing his name, he exclaimed.

"Is that Xiao Yan who successfully cultivated in the Hall of Fenxiang Pavilion and broke the record of the cultivation cave?" The injured man was obviously agitated and said.

"Yep."

"Senior brother, it should be someone from the Heavenly Palace, right?" Xiao Yan agreed and then asked.

"Not bad, not bad." The injured man was relieved when he heard the words.

It's no wonder that Xiao Yan just saw that he was being plotted and ignored, and then came back after he displayed the treasure of the Heavenly Palace. The relationship is a family!

"Xiao Yan, since it's a family, I won't beat around the bush, I'll just say it straight." The injured man's face suddenly became solemn and he said.

"Senior brother, please tell me." Xiao Yan looked at this guy so solemnly, and immediately realized that something might have happened.

"My name is Duan Yu, and I am the weakest person among the seven people in the Heavenly Palace." The injured man said slowly.

"It turned out to be Senior Brother Duan Yu." Xiao Yan clasped his fists and smiled.

About the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, Xiao Yan naturally heard about it when he was in the Burning Incense Pavilion. The seven people in the Heavenly Palace are all powerful people who have stepped into the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and this piece of jade is impressively among the seven people in the Heavenly Palace. The weakest one.

However, even the weakest one has the strength of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. As for the strongest elder brother in the Heavenly Palace, it is said that he has the strength close to the perfection of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"Senior Brother Duan, I remember that the master said, didn't you go to guard the seal at the entrance of the ghost world?"

"How could they be chased by those two?" Xiao Yan asked.

"It's a long story."

"At the beginning, the palace master sent us to guard the entrance to this ghost world. He wanted to experience us, but we didn't expect that we would discover a shocking secret."

"This secret is related to the Xuanling royal family, so they want to kill people to silence them." Duan Yu said.

"What secret?" Xiao Yan exclaimed.

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

"The ghost realm and our Xuantian Santian have been incompatible since ancient times, and the Xuanling royal family actually secretly colluded with the ghost realm powerhouses to try to occupy our Xuantiantian!" Duan Yu said extremely angrily.

"It seems that there should be several factions in the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan nodded slightly after hearing this.

In the beginning, the soul clan, the angry winter of the Medusa clan, plus the ghost realm powerhouse, and the foreign evil clan that Xiao Yan discovered now, all of these indicate that the Xuanling royal family is not simple.

"By the way, Junior Brother Xiao Yan, let's go to the sect for help quickly, otherwise Senior Brothers and the others will have an accident." Duan Yu said hurriedly, as if thinking of something.

"This place is too far from the sect. Brother, you should take me there."

"It just so happens that I have some grudges with the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan said.

"But they have eight-star Dou Di-level powerhouses in charge, no way." Duan Yu refused directly.

"Senior brother, let's go, now we can only use dead horses as living horse doctors."

"Eight-star Dou Di, it's not impossible to fight." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"UghвҖҰвҖҰ"

"Let's go, I'll take you there!" Duan Yu also knew that going to the sect from here, I was afraid that his senior brother had been killed by the Xuanling royal family, so he could only pin his hopes on Xiao Yan and bring him with him. Xiao Yan walked towards a mountainside.

The two concealed their breath along the way, and slowly walked towards their destination The aura here is so strange. "Xiao Yan looked around vigilantly, and found that since entering this forest, his aura was extremely eerie, and it seemed to be very ghostly.

"This is an extremely important one of the entrances to the ghost world. You brothers are guarding the entrance with all your strength, but they were secretly attacked by the members of the Xuanling royal family, so they desperately sent me out for help."

"And here is very close to the seal, so there are many ghosts permeating, naturally this is the case." Duan Yu explained.

"How is their overall strength?" Xiao Yan still asked. After all, knowing the strength, he has confidence in his heart.

"When I was leaving, the two eight-star Dou Di attacked the senior brothers. Later, they became more powerful, and I was sent out by them before I could figure out the status."

"I didn't see the other thoughts clearly." Duan Yu thought for a while and said.

"Two eight-star fighting emperors?" Xiao Yan was slightly surprised when he heard this.

"If there is an eight-star fighting emperor, Xiao Yan should have the possibility to use his means. If there are two, it will be troublesome."

"Eldest brother seriously injured an eight-star Dou Emperor, so they should only have one eight-star Dou Emperor who can fight, but the senior brother is also seriously injured." Duan Yu said.

"In that case, let them see."

"My people from Burning Incense Pavilion are not so easy to bully!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he went directly with Duan Yu towards the depths of the forest, where is the entrance to the ghost world where the seal is!

Today's three shifts, adding updates to the previous December's ten thousand rewards