Chapter 577: Xiao Yan intervenes!

"Why is there something wrong with this blood demon qi and blood fog?" Xiao Yan is currently staring at the blood demon qi and blood fog in front of him, and an uneasy feeling spreads through his heart!

It stands to reason that there are some such tyrannical holy flames. Before adding that, Immortal Master Madwood desperately used his soul power to injure the Gorefiend Left Guard. Therefore, this Gorefiend Left Guard has three heads and six arms. I am afraid that today's fall is doomed. , but how could it make Xiao Yan feel uneasy?

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying power of holy flame was accompanied by the increase of the self-explosion of the rock. In just a few breaths, the blood mist of the blood demon was only the size of a fist!

"It's still a little bit!" Yan suddenly sweated profusely. Obviously, such a terrifying consumption, even with his strength at the level of fighting immortals, was quite unbearable. After all, this is a holy flame, not an ordinary flame!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Human...you all have to die."

"The day my king comes, is when you fall... rustling." Under the annihilation of the power of the khaki holy flame, the fist-sized blood demon said gloomily in the blood mist. .

At this time, Xiao Yan and the others were already on the periphery of the deep battle, and they were isolated by the power of the holy flame. This should obviously be the intention of Yan, otherwise, if the strength of these people was contaminated with any blood demon energy , I am afraid it is extremely difficult!

"Big Brother Snake Punishment, protect them, I'll go in and take a look!" Xiao Yan's pupils flickered, and without hesitation, he directly pointed away not far away!

"I'm going too!" Seeing this, Shan Ling just spoke up, but she was directly held down by the snake torture!

"My little aunt, don't go over there to cause trouble. Little brother Xiao Yan eliminated the Gorefiend with no effort, so we have some confidence in him." Snake explained.

"Okay...Father, don't die...I still have a lot of things I want to ask you." The next moment, Shan Ling whispered, but unexpectedly Xiao Yan heard these words.

"His grandmother, this holy flame is really not easy to get... Since this Mad Wood Immortal Master is the master of Holy Flame, maybe this is a test for me, no matter what I say today, I can't let this Mad Wood Immortal The teacher falls easily, otherwise this holy flame will be hard to get hold of..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, strange fire appeared all over his body, and immediately flew into the battle!

Just after entering the battle, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a sense of terror arising from his heart. The source of this fear was the **** fog of blood demon energy that was only the size of a fist!

As for the power of holy flame, Xiao Yan's whole body can't help but warm up. After all, Xiao Yan is also an alchemist, and he likes flames quite a bit, not to mention that there is something like Fen Jue in Xiao Yan's body!

"Be careful, get out now!" Seeing this, Yan immediately shouted at Xiao Yan in a distracted manner!

"Senior, this junior is here just to help the senior!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, twenty-three different colors of fire slowly appeared all over his body. !

"Okay!"

"I'm talking about you today. After this holy flame thing is completed, I will give it to you!" Yan laughed loudly, then ignored Xiao Yan, and concentrated on running the power of holy flame, trying to remove the last trace of blood demon. The blood mist will be eliminated!

"Susu... The strength of this human mere five-star fighting emperor in the early stage..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"There is no other way, I can only choose him. If I choose him, maybe I will have a chance to be reborn!" In the blood mist of the blood demon, the consciousness of the left guard of the blood demon spoke slightly.

With the thought of the blood demon qi and blood mist, the force of countless rocks and the power of the khaki holy flame retreated step by step!

"Break it for me!" Yan on the side also knew the strength of this Gorefiend Left Guard, but Immortal Master Madwood was exhausted at this time, and even threatened to fall at any time, so at this time, Yan was relying only on himself!

"Susu..."

"It seems that today is impossible to escape from the fall... But don't think about it!" The ferocious voice emanated frantically from the blood mist of the blood demon!

"Boy, help me!" Yan seemed to have noticed the madness of the blood demon's qi and blood mist, and immediately said to Xiao Yan.

At the top of the desert mountain range at this time, countless rocks are floating in the sky, and the rocks are strange. The outermost of the rocks is a circle of khaki-yellow rocks. As for the inside of the rocks, there are extremely hot flames. force!

Countless rocks slowly surrounded the holy flame power emanating from the rock, and the blood demon energy was surrounded by the hot temperature of the holy flame and the rocks, and the evil aura around him kept shrinking!

"Go!" Xiao Yan's heart sank when he heard the words, because he knew that his strength in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor in this area was tantamount to dying. Give Xiao Yan a hundred courage, and Xiao Yan will not take the risk.

"Silence!" Xiao Yan's pupils closed, the next moment, a beautiful fire lotus containing twenty-three colors of terror slowly appeared, wrapped around Xiao Yan's palm!

"Sacred flame kills evil!" When Yan saw such hot and terrifying fluctuations on Xiao Yan's body, his heart suddenly shuddered, and he directly whistled away his holy flame power towards the blood demon qi and blood mist!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying holy flame power and the blood-red blood demon energy were constantly fighting, forming a spectacular landscape in the sky!

"Shabu Shabu!" The terrifying fluctuations continued to spread, and a dignified wave emerged in everyone's heart!

"Cough, cough... There is not much time left, I hope this time can be successful." Immortal Master Madwood's illusory figure slowly opened his mouth, and then his eyes turned to stare at the fist-sized blood demon energy in front of him.

I don't know why, under every attack of Yan, the volume of this blood demon qi rapidly diminished, but a feeling that made Immortal Madwood feel uneasy spread throughout his body.

"Quick, attack him!" Yan shouted at Xiao Yan at the moment when Yan Shengyan's power and the blood demon qi and blood mist were deadlocked.

"Lotus of Silence!" Xiao Yan whispered and then the delicate lotus seed on the palm of his hand fell off instantly, with a strong breath that pierced the sky, and suddenly attacked the blood of the blood demon. Above the fog!

"Ah, ah, ah!" Constant screams emanated from the blood demon qi and blood mist, and then I saw that the blood demon qi and blood mist that was attacked by the enemy before and after actually had such a faint trace of rupture!

"Even if this guard dies, it will definitely make you die!" A ferocious word was released from the blood demon qi and blood mist, and then a faint purple-gold light beam emitted from it, quietly from the blood that was close to collapse. Demonic blood emanated from the mist!

"Not good!" With the appearance of this faint purple-gold light beam, the space trembled slightly, and even the power of the holy flame and Xiao Yan's terrifying silent fire lotus were a little weaker!

"Father, run!" As if sensing the danger, Shan Ling's voice burst out and said to the illusory Mad Wood Immortal Master Soul Body!

"That's too late……"

"Susu, Immortal Master Crazy Wood, let's fall together!" As soon as the voice fell, the purple-gold light beam was like a demon, piercing the void and whistling away at Immortal Crazy Wood, such an evil aura, if attacked Arrived, I am afraid you will be killed instantly!

Immortal Madwood smiled slightly and did not make any resistance. Immortal Madwood was already satisfied with Shan Ling's approval and his current voice. Besides, with Yan's help, Immortal Madwood could leave with confidence. .

Just when Immortal Master Madwood was facing death so calmly, a scene that everyone could not have imagined suddenly appeared!

Ask for tickets!