Chapter Vol 4 1350: Thunder eater!

"Extraterritorial Evil Clan?" This group of Yan Clan disciples composed of dozens of people, their strength is mostly one-star fighting immortals, and there are very few two-star fighting immortals, but after seeing these evil figures, they couldn't help but exclaimed, There was even a look of disgust in his heart.

"That's right..." The man headed by him smiled slightly, and on his body, an evil aura that originated from **** instantly permeated out.

"Humph."

"The humble foreign evil race will be completely obliterated by our great world sooner or later!"

"Fight!" Although the disciples of the Yan clan were not strong, they had no fear in the face of a mortal situation. In an instant, everyone's body swelled up, and the dazzling fighting qi revolved in the body at a high speed.

"Lord Youhuan, these guys want to explode themselves!" At the next moment, someone from the extraterritorial evil clan reminded that if these powerhouses blew themselves up, the fluctuations would certainly be not small. Although they are not afraid, it will bring some unnecessary Trouble.

"Don't worry, you don't have a chance." The man who was called ghostly smiled slightly, and then a pair of bright eyes, with an extremely evil aura, slowly descended into this space.

"Gaze!" With a cold snort, this space was completely frozen, and then the man's eyes turned into giant eyes hundreds of meters in size, hanging high in the sky.

"Weng Om!" The disciple of the Rock Clan, who was bound by the big white net and was about to explode, just stared at the huge evil pupil above the sky, and his body suddenly shook, and then his eyes were blank, as if he had lost it. Something like that, stunned and motionless.

As if his mind was controlled by this huge pupil, a strange power emerged from his body, and then gathered into Youhuan's hands.

"Lord Youhuan." The next moment, the white big net dissipated in an instant, and the grudge within the disciples of the Yan clan also quieted down, and then knelt down in front of the leading man!

"Get up."

"Your mission is to obliterate or assimilate this contestant."

"Remember?" Youhuan put away those powers, and the voice was full of jokes. These powers were the source of controlling the enemy.

Among the extraterritorial evil clan, their ghost family and the burning soul clan have a pretty good relationship, and as the king of the clan, he controls the technique of controlling the soul, and the burning soul clan controls the technique of burning the soul, so he can easily pass the control technique. Soul, control others.

"You Zun, Huan Zun, you two, pay close attention to the movements of these contestants."

"There are a few rather tyrannical auras in this thunder tomb. I have to go check it out." The head man said, looking at the depths of the thunder tomb. Those places seemed to be as tyrannical and hungry as him. Breath exists.

"Yes, my lord!" As soon as the ghostly voice fell, the two evil figures beside him agreed.

Youzun and Huanzun, these two are the right and left hands in the Youhuan clan, and their strength is comparable to that of a human four-star fighting immortal.

After the allocation of the people was completed, they immediately dispersed. However, the two venerables kept controlling some contestants through the technique of controlling the soul. This trip to the Thunder Tomb seemed to be extremely dangerous.

"The energy here seems to be a little strong?" In another place, after Xiao Yan and his group walked around for a while, they submerged in a river.

Above the river, energy bodies that are comparable to human beings, one-star fighting immortals, continue to emerge, which surprised them.

You must know that although this tomb of thunder is extremely vast, it is still the outermost where Xiao Yan and his group are now, and it is quite unexpected to encounter such a tyrannical energy body at the outermost.

"These energies are enough for me to break through."

"I'll go take a look." Duo Qifei saw this, her beautiful eyes flickered slightly. Obviously, the energy body of these one-star Dou Xian powerhouses is enough for her to break through. After all, she has already reached the peak of the late two-star Dou Xian, and she is two years away. Star Dou Xian is only one step away from consummation.

"Wait!" Xiao Yan roared as he watched Du Qifei take a stride towards the water. Years of battle experience told Xiao Yan that this place doesn't seem to be that simple!

"Boom!" The crowd originally stood outside the water, but as Duo Qifei directly entered the water, the dazzling thunder suddenly filled the water, and the energy bodies of those one-star fighting immortals were also like Surprised, he ran away quickly.

"Pfft." However, when he escaped, he was swallowed by a huge creature.

"Good guy, it's actually a soul beast?"

"Using the energy body of a one-star fighting immortal powerhouse to lure the enemy, it seems that these guys are not low in intelligence." Seeing the huge soul beast stepping on the surface of the water, Xiao Yan suddenly snorted coldly.

At this time, the soul beast standing on the surface of the water looked like a tiger as a whole. The soul beast's moon-white fluff, strong and powerful limbs, coupled with the extremely tyrannical sense of oppression on the soul beast, a strange power of hungry thunder continued to emerge. , is a guy with extremely terrifying strength.

"Thunder-eating beast?" Duo Qifei immediately frowned and wondered when he saw the readily available energy body being swallowed into the body by this soul beast.

"Qifei, come back soon!" Just when Duo Qifei was thinking, Xiao Yan shouted loudly.

"Crash!" Du Qifei heard the words, UU reading www.uukanshu. com also returned to the crowd without hesitation.

"Hohohoho!" The thundering beast standing above the water seemed to have locked Xiao Yan and the others, and was not in a hurry.

"Shabu!" Just a moment after the roar, two identical thunder-eating beasts appeared, and three thunder-eating beasts completely surrounded Xiao Yan's five people in a triangular manner. in predicament.

"It's comparable to a two-star human being's perfect thunder-eating beast..." Duo Qifei couldn't help but say, looking at the thunder and lightning flashing from the three-headed thunder-eating beast, he can deal with this level of soul beast by himself, but extremely exhausting.

The Thunder Eaters lived by devouring thunderbolts and possessed extremely tyrannical lethality. Now, the three Thunder Eaters, which are comparable to two-star human beings, are also a challenge for Xiao Yan and the others.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Ran Ran, Yuwei, your team, Liu Qingqifei and your team, each of you will deal with a thunder-eating beast, is it alright?" Xiao Yan asked the four girls beside him.

"no problem."

"What about you?" the four girls asked in surprise.

"Leave the rest to me"

"I just learned some new fighting skills, and I just tried it out." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, his voice full of confidence.

"If that's the case, then make a quick decision, otherwise it will be bad to attract other contestants." Liu Qing nodded slightly, glanced around and said.