Chapter Vol 4 2081: The plan is calculated, the insidious 2-person team!

The latest website: Linggu, there is a passage at the top of the towering mountain range, which directly connects to the bottom of the mountain range, and this is where the so-called Linghai is located.

The shape of Linghai is quite strange, like ordinary mountains and rivers, but the power contained in it is extremely surging. What is even more surprising is that in the Linghai, the further down, there are groups of medicinal materials wrapped by special forces. Lying quietly in the depths of the Linghai Sea, waiting for everyone to collect, and these medicinal herbs are the last medicinal herbs that thousands of contestants are missing.

"Is this the so-called Linghai..."

"The Tongtian handwriting of the Yao family is really surprising." A few hours later, Xiao Yan came here safely, apparently without encountering any obstacles from other powerhouses along the way.

Looking up, Xiao Yan was standing in an open area composed of rocks. Looking around, a sea of ​​spirits that stretched for thousands of miles emerged.

What caught my eye was a huge sea of ​​​​vigorous vitality. The entire sea area was almost a thousand feet in size. The waves were sparkling, and the figures of some contestants were constantly suspended in the sea of ​​​​spirits. Besides, black shadows seemed to see When they arrived at Xiao Yan's figure, without any hesitation, their toes lightly tapped in the air, and immediately blasted away at the spirit sea below. They didn't want to have anything to do with a monster like Xiao Yan.

"To collect the last medicinal ingredients is the last step of refining the medicinal pills. The quasi-sacred rank eight medicinal pills, I don't know if they can be successfully refined." Xiao Yan looked at the surging spiritual sea in front of him, his eyes couldn't help but There was a touch of heat.

The eighth-rank holy-rank medicinal pill is not a small challenge for the current self, but the result is worth a try. If successful, Xiao Yan's breakthrough to the holy-rank is just around the corner!

"Weng buzzing!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the spiritual sea below suddenly wriggled, and light clusters formed by dazzling soul power suddenly flashed out from below.

"It seems that this last step is not so simple." Xiao Yan smiled calmly, and his heart was slightly vigilant. Xiao Yan looked at these powerhouses emerging from the bottom of the spirit sea, except for a few people from the ancient race. It seems that most of them have already gathered here. There is a faint trace of blood on the sleeves of their bodies, and an extremely **** aura emerges from the blood, which is obviously just contaminated, and even the voice is extremely embarrassing, more Like some creatures chase.

"Hehe, Brother Xiao Yan is really in time..." The approaching people approached a hundred people, all of them fell lightly on some rocks beside Xiao Yan, and smiled at Xiao Yan, but even so, it was difficult to hide their panic and anxiety.

"If you have something, just tell me." Xiao Yan's eyes were icy cold, and he glanced around lightly. Xiao Yan didn't intend to trust these guys, and the strange aura on them made Xiao Yan feel that he was always in trouble. Something is not quite right.

"Brother Xiao Yan, Linghai below is the last part of collecting medicinal materials, but there is a world-shattering monster below that is blocking our progress."

"It's hard for us to unite with everyone." Some figures couldn't help but flatter Xiao Yan, and the implication was obviously to let Xiao Yan take action.

"Where are the favored sons of the ancient race?" Xiao Yan glanced at random, looking at the turbulent spiritual sea in front of him, and immediately understood that what these people said was true. There was indeed a terrifying force at work below, but nothing happened. Guan Ji hangs high, Xiao Yan doesn't want to be a coolie in vain.

"Brother Xiao Yan, we won't hide from you anymore."

"Shen Hong and Yan Xuan used us as a shield on the grounds of uniting their power. They both pressured Lingzixi to force you to show up, but after they united the ancient race with our power, the two of them turned out to be evil. , directly angered this guardian beast in advance, and used the power of the coalition to fight against the beast, and the two of them followed suit to collect medicinal materials, and now other ancient races are fighting fiercely with the beast, I am afraid they are facing a life-and-death crisis." Some The strong men couldn't help but looked at each other in dismay, and said with self-blame, obviously they underestimated the ambitions of Shen Hong and Yan Xuan.

"A world-shattering monster..." Xiao Yan murmured, but he did not expect that Yan Xuan and Shen Hong would actually play such a trick.

This is also something that can't be helped. Yan Xuan and Shen Hong are the leaders of these guys, but the attitude of Hunmu Yaoyichen and the others is neither plague nor fire. Otherwise, once these guys change from time to time, I am afraid that they will be the unlucky ones.

"The strength of the world-shattering Warcraft is probably not inferior to the real powerhouses of the late eight-star fighting immortals among us humans, and it is deep in the depths of the spiritual sea, guarding the medicinal materials we need, plus its strength and Wisdom is no different from that of human beings, and even the arrogant sons of the ancient races will only be defeated. If it wasn't for them just now, I am afraid that all the powerhouses in the field would have their heads in different places." Du said, after a while, I was afraid that the injury on their bodies was the result of the monster below. If it wasn't for Hunmu and others to stop them, I am afraid that their strength would have become their meal.

"Ling Zixi is also down there?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Yes!" After listening to Xiao Yan's exit, they quickly replied.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and the energy of his whole body was released, wrapping his body from the sea water, and one jumped directly into it.

"Sisi!" Just after submerging into the sea of ​​​​spirits, a chill that penetrated deep into the bone marrow and even the soul swept out, causing Xiao Yan to unconsciously shudder.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan's figure just started to descend, and suddenly a monstrous force below burst out like a volcanic eruption!

Everyone can clearly feel that all the energies of heaven and earth in the spiritual sea become boiling and rippling at this moment, the entire spiritual sea trembles violently, and waves of a hundred meters in size continue to overflow. , bursts of fierce and violent evil spirits swept out from the bottom of the sea.

"Ah, ah, ah!" One after another figure was slapped at will by these waves like ants, and the screams were extremely miserable. They were already scarred by the waves, and they were directly rolled up by the waves to a height of 100 meters. The voice seemed very eerie.

"Going out?"

"Are we going to die here?"

"Lord Xiao Yan, please help us!" Seeing this shocking scene, the bruised contestants had no fighting spirit and couldn't help but say in a choked voice. At this time, they didn't care too much. Too many, I can only ask Xiao Yan for help.

"Bang bang bang!" At the moment when everyone panicked, an abyss vortex suddenly appeared in the spiritual sea, and then one after another silhouette was thrown out like garbage, many of which were the pride of the ancient race!

How on earth did these guys provoke the guardian beasts and make them so angry?