Chapter 665: meet at

"There are enemies?" Mu Feng was shocked when he heard the words!

There are only three teams left that have not yet entered the three major mountain ranges.

Xiao Yan has one team, one from the women's team, and one from the Dawn team!

Now that the women's team has been eliminated and has left, I am afraid that the remaining team does not need to think about it and knows that there is only the Dawning team.

This Dawning Team was educated by Xiao Yan alone before. Although the most powerful captain, Guang Lu, didn't take action, Xiao Yan's terror still caused a lot of shock to them.

"Brother Xiao Yan, it's been a long time." The five members of the Dawning Team slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the five members, with a confident smile on their faces.

It seems that the scars from the previous battle with Xiao Yan have been healed by Anli's first-grade alchemist.

After all, the five Xiao Yan had just spent a lot of energy fighting the women's team, and they couldn't rely on the recovery of Dou Qigong in this Luoling Mountain, which would be of great benefit to their Dawning Team.

"Why, you haven't been beaten enough yet?" Xiao Yan said lightly without the slightest surprise when he saw this.

However, Xiao Yan's heart sank slightly. It seemed that the Dawning team played a trick to catch the cicada and the oriole behind, which made Xiao Yan a little unhappy.

Although the Dawning Team is powerful, its captain, Six-Star Doudi, has the perfect strength, Guanglu's fiancee, Anli, has reached the late stage of Six-Star Doudi, and the other three are also in the middle-stage of Six-Star Doudi.

However, in the previous battle, the captain Guanglu was reluctant to take action, as if he was waiting or fearing something.

Otherwise, Xiao Yan believed that with the strength of this light path, the previous battle would definitely not be easy.

With his powerful soul power, Xiao Yan discovered the Dawning team just when he came here, but because the women's team was still there, he did not expose them. Now that the women's team left, the Dawning team naturally jumped out. .

"Now that Brother Xiao Yan has five wooden plaques on his body, why not lend us one and enter the three major mountain ranges together, so that everyone can take care of each other?" Guanglu ignored Xiao Yan's provocation and said with a slight smile.

"What if I don't borrow it?" Xiao Yan also said with a smile, his smile was full of danger. Although his body has consumed a lot of fighting qi, don't forget that Xiao Yan is a pharmacist!

A high-level pharmacist must have a lot of medicinal pills to restore vindictiveness in his hands. Obviously, the few people in Guanglu did not expect it.

"Stop talking nonsense, Captain, let's do it."

"This Xiao Yan has just lost a lot of strength in the battle with the women's team. Now that he is facing us, I am afraid there will be no winners or losers."

"As for the wooden plaques, after they are defeated, we can just take them away." Qianzhang's strong thirst for war said eagerly.

"Do it!" Guang Lu was not hesitant, he spoke directly!

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as Guanglu finished speaking, the four teammates around him immediately dispersed and attacked Mu Yingying and the four of them. Their aura was stronger than the previous women's team!

Looking at the appearance, they obviously want to solve the game as quickly as possible!

"Bastard!" Mu Feng scolded secretly, and then without hesitation, the terrifying fighting spirit all over his body erupted directly, constantly resisting the attacks of the other four members of the Dawning Team!

However, the vindictiveness in Mu Feng's body has an illusory feeling of being strong on the outside and working on the inside. Obviously, he has just stepped up to deal with the women's team, and he has already used a lot of power.

Green Flute and Mu Feng were both uncomfortable. After all, they had just fought against the two mid-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor powerhouses in the women's team. For them, it was already extremely difficult to handle. To deal with this Dawn team again, it is inevitable that they are more than enough but not enough.

"Mufeng, Ludi, the two of you retreat. Lingxuan and I will deal with it here." Mu Yingying saw that Mufeng and Ludi were no longer able to deal with the fighting in their bodies, so she couldn't help but speak.

Mu Yingying was also very cold at first, but she has experienced more with Mufeng and Ludi, and more or less has the taste of her companions.

"But you..." Mu Feng and Lvdi asked Mu Yingying suspiciously.

The strength of the Dawn Team's Qianzhangqianqiu Tan Shaoyang Anli Li is obvious to all. If it were only Mu Yingying and Lingxuan, I'm afraid...

"You all quit first to cultivate well. It's difficult, but it's not difficult for me."

"If we are really lost at that time, and your strength is restored, you can help us, right?" Ling Xuan couldn't help but have different opinions on Mu Yingying.

Although the strength of the four in front of them is not weak, Lingxuan has her confidence. Whether it is fighting qigong technique, fighting skills, or even the strength of life, Lingxuan is much stronger than the four members of the Dawning Team!

"It seems that your teammates are exhausted." Guanglu looked at Xiao Yan's other four teammates and couldn't help but say.

"Each each other." Xiao Yan naturally took this to heart and frowned.

"The situation on the battlefield is changing rapidly. It was because someone came before, so I didn't have a good fight with you. Today is finally okay." A fierce breath permeated from Guanglu.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Then let me see how powerful you are!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and immediately started to move!

Because Xiao Yan understands that only by defeating this light path as quickly as himself can he possibly help his teammates!

"The flame divides the wave ruler!" With a soft drink, the ancient ruler of different fires in his hand suddenly sent out an extremely hot huge wave of fire, which was approaching the light path!

"This level of fighting skills can't cause any harm to me, you should show your true abilities." The dazzling energy of life on Guanglu's body directly devoured Xiao Yan's flames!

"As expected, he is indeed a complete powerhouse of the Six-Star Dou Di Xiao Yan naturally believes in what Guanglu said.

After all, this Guanglu's strength has already reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation. If Xiao Yan was defeated so easily, then the Guanglu Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation's strength would be too watery!

"Since this doesn't work, then try this?"

"Huangquan is angry!" With a loud shout, the terrifying power that attacked the soul poured out directly from Xiao Yan's body, and then attacked the light path!

"Light, be careful!" Seeing this in the dark side of the battle, I couldn't help but feel a sense of unease in my heart. This soul attack is hard to guard against. If there is a little loss, it may lead to damage to the source!

"Humph!" Seeing this, Guanglu snorted coldly, and the dazzling energy of life formed an extremely thick white shield wall in front of him, trying to resist Xiao Yan's terrifying soul attack!

"This thing is useless!" Xiao Yan knew that his soul attack could not be a killer, his purpose was to distract the light path, so that he could approach the light path and unleash a terrifying blow!

"Damn it!" The next moment, Guang Lu also realized that something was wrong, his breath suddenly recovered, and then he put his hands on his chest!

"Bang bang bang!" The most terrifying aspect of Xiao Yan is melee combat. When using the light path to mobilize the power of life to defend against the attack of the soul, Xiao Yan's hands, feet, arms, all turned into the sharpest weapons , causing a lot of conspicuous damage on the light path!

Ask for tickets!

There will be one more tonight