Chapter 404: Violently knock 1 stroke!

"Spiritual loss fee?" Tu Ling heard the words and was also the boss with his pupils wide open, and then stared at Xiao Yan in front of him with a smile on his face.

Is this Xiao Yan really stupid? Their Tujia is among the Xuanling royal family, but even the royal family must respect their family three points, not to mention other forces, this Xiao Yan actually wants to blackmail them!

Did you make a mistake!

"If there is a mental loss fee, it depends on whether you have the ability to take it." Tu Ling also said arrogantly.

"I don't know what the little brother is going to need?" Just when Tu Ling was about to continue mocking Xiao Yan, the old man who was in charge of protecting him from the family around him also stopped Tu Ling and said.

"It's not too much. Just give me dozens of medicinal herbs that can refine the first-grade imperial rank, or just give me a few other medicinal herbs of the imperial rank." Xiao Yan also instantly shattered the orange-colored Dou Qi cage. , and then said.

"Puff puff!" Mu Yingying, who was beside her, heard Xiao Yan's lion's big mouth, and she couldn't close her mouth with joy.

This Xiao Yan is clearly a robbery!

I am afraid that every one of the medicinal materials used to refine the first-grade emperor is extremely precious. If there are dozens of them, the total value is inestimable.

Let's talk about the other pills of the imperial class.

The first-grade pills of the emperor's rank are already priceless, let alone a few, and the value is even higher than the sky-high price.

"Good boy, I have to say, he has courage."

"But you have to think carefully, blackmailing our Tujia is not a very wise thing." The old man also said slightly, but he was really taken aback by this Xiao Yan.

If it wasn't for the little princess of the Tujia who took the initiative to provoke Xiao, I'm afraid the old man wouldn't be so polite with the children. After all, it was their Tujia who took the blame.

"Tujia?"

"I haven't heard of it." Xiao Yan also shook his head and said.

"what?"

"You don't know our Tujia?"

"you you you!"

"I'm going to kill you!" Tu Ling said angrily.

Who the **** is this Xiao Yan? Judging from his appearance, he can be regarded as a rather elegant and gentle man. How could he even know the Tujia people.

"Yingying, do you know the Tujia?" Xiao Yan also turned his head and asked.

"I don't know either." Mu Yingying also thought it was a little funny, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"Hurry up and lose money, we have other things to do." Xiao Yan also ignored the earth spirit and said to the old man beside the earth spirit.

"This little brother, what happened before was our Tujia's fault, but please sell our Tujia's face. In the future, we will definitely pay you a lot of money." The old man also seemed to know that this Xiao Yan was not a person to be easy to mess with. Tujia carried out.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"As I said, I don't know what Tujia is." Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, apparently the only patience he had was worn out.

"Little brother, you have to think carefully. If you do this, if you offend our Tujia..." The old man said helplessly.

This little princess of my own Tujia family is a provocateur. She just came out of the Tujia family and caused such a person.

"Offend your Tujia?"

"Then you should also think about it, it's not a good thing to offend an alchemist who is at the peak of the first rank of the emperor." Xiao Yan heard the words, but he did not hide it. The medal with three star patterns also appeared slowly.

"what!"

"This kid is actually an alchemist at the peak of the first-rank Emperor rank?" At the next moment, it was the earth spirit's turn to be surprised, and the earth spirit also ate it and couldn't close his mouth.

The earth spirit knows that the alchemist is the most annoying existence in this world.

The grading of the alchemist medal, one star, represents the alchemist of the first-grade emperor rank, and the three patterns represent the three levels of medicinal pills in the first-grade emperor.

There are three levels of heaven and earth!

But it is no exaggeration to say that one star and one pattern represent an alchemist who can refine a first-grade imperial pill!

As for the one-star and three-pattern medal on Xiao Yan's chest at this time, it means that Xiao Yan is an alchemist who is capable of refining a first-grade emperor-level Tiandan!

Moreover, Xiao Yan's third pattern is also extremely dazzling!

This further shows that Xiao Yan is an alchemist at the peak of the first rank of the emperor!

Breaking through the second-rank emperor rank is just around the corner!

"A pharmacist at the peak of the first-rank emperor..." The old man also shrank his pupils tightly, obviously staring at the alchemist medal on Xiao Yan's chest in disbelief.

This Medal of Alchemist cannot be faked. All Alchemist Associations have records, so the shocking vision of this Medal is extremely huge!

"Hehe, it turned out to be an alchemist-sama."

"Forgive our clumsiness this time, adults, please don't care." The old man is also not bad for his old age. The time between a few breaths was adjusted, and then he smiled.

"Haha, changing your face is faster than flipping a book?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly when he heard this.

"What's wrong with your lord, we were wrong just now. We will give you the compensation your lord needs later." The old man also said slowly.

"That's the best way." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also left here directly, not to worry about seeing the two of them.

Mu Yingying also found it funny to follow Xiao, but at this moment, Mu Yingying was also extremely shocked!

Although he had long known that Xiao Yan was an alchemist, he did not expect this rank to be so high!

The pinnacle of the first-rank emperor rank, this is comparable to the chief alchemist of some small families!

"Maybe..."

"That thing, let him try it..." Mu Yingying also followed behind Xiao Yan, and then she looked at it hard in her heart.

The two also disappeared here, and then headed towards the depths of the medicine market.

"Master..."

"Could it be that we really want to be extorted by that person just now?" With the disappearance of Xiao Yan and the two, Tu Ling also woke up from the shock just now.

The chief pharmacist of their Tujia family is only a pharmacist at the peak of the second-grade emperor, and he is also very old. The speed and quality of refining medicine pills are not as good as before See you now At this young age, Xiao Yan possessed the alchemist medal and strength at the peak of the first rank of the emperor, and he was immediately disappointed!

Because Tu Ling was in the Tujia family, she has always been known as a rare genius of the Tujia family in the past 100 years. Even some of the elders of the Tujia family are very fond of her, so this is the reason why the Tu Ling has a habit of being pampered.

"You little girl, now you know that there are people outside the world, right?" Tu Ling's master didn't mean to blame at all, and then said.

"Master, I know I'm wrong..." Tu Ling also said coquettishly.

"Oh, I really can't help you."

"But this kid really makes me feel weird."

"Just the huge soul power is very close to the chief pharmacist of our family. Even if he can reach such a terrifying height at a young age, I am afraid that his future achievements will be limitless." Tu Ling's master also said.

"Master, do you need to check his details..." Tu Ling also thought a little and then said.

"No, at such an age to be able to reach such a height, I'm afraid the forces behind it are also extremely terrifying!"

"And the pharmacist is a hornet's nest, so he can't be provoked."

"Let's get those things ready as soon as possible and send them over." After Master Tu Ling finished speaking, he also slowly looked into the distance.

"I really don't know what kind of old guy he is, he can train such an excellent disciple..."

Ask for tickets!