Chapter Vol 4 1536: Xiao Yan's situation!

"Xuuuu!" At this moment, at the moment Luo Menglan was surprised, the man lying in front of him flicked his fingers, showing signs of awakening.

"Who are you!"

"What are you doing?" Suddenly, the corners of Xiao Gui's eyes loosened, and he slowly woke up. He suddenly found that the clan lines between his eyebrows suddenly appeared, and he hurriedly stared at Luo Menglan with terrifying eyes, shouting.

This clan pattern is related to their Xiao clan, and it is also related to the life and death of his parents, so Xiao Gui is naturally very surprised, and Luo Menglan looks at the lines on his forehead in front of him, and seems to recognize it. This made Xiao Gui quite uneasy.

"Hmph, you are really biting Lu Dongbin. You don't know good people. I obviously saved you, so forget it if you don't thank me. Instead, you scold me as soon as you wake up?"

"If I hadn't been protecting you just now, I'm afraid you would have been devoured by the spirit beasts in this spirit mountain."

"Humph!"

"I'm really mad at me!" The woman heard the words, and immediately stomped her feet angrily, and then turned around to leave, obviously very angry at Xiao Gui's serious look.

"I'm sorry." Xiao Gui heard the words, glanced around, and found that there was indeed a lot of tyrannical aura in this huge mountain range. If it wasn't for the presence of the woman in front of him, I'm afraid that his own safety would also be a great hidden danger, just between his eyebrows. The family line at the place is extremely important, so there is just an injustice.

"Hey!" Xiao Gui put away his clan pattern, and then looked at the woman softly.

"Humph!" The woman seemed to disapprove when she heard the words, and then prepared to leave here on her own.

"I... can I follow you?" Seeing the woman preparing to leave here, Xiao Gui immediately lowered his head and asked in a very low voice, for fear that the woman would refuse.

And even Xiao Gui didn't know that when he first opened his eyes and saw this woman, he was attracted by this guy. Three thousand blue silk fell down, and his black and beautiful hair matched with big watery eyes. , quite endearing.

"Forget it, forget it." Seeing how honest and honest Xiao Gui was in front of him, Luo Menglan didn't care, and for some reason, the disappearance of the family line between his eyebrows made Luo Menglan quite fond of this guy.

This is not to say that Luo Menglan has the same power as Xiao Gui's clan pattern, but Luo Menglan's ancestor Luo Zamu and the old ghost of the earth have seen this thing many times in the depths of the residence, so there is a scene today.

"By the way, what are you doing here?" Luo Menglan asked after a while, obviously the remarks just now were just angry words.

"My eldest brother and I have just joined the Lingyuan, and the old man brought us to Lingshan to cultivate, saying that it was a reward for us." Xiao Gui heard the words and was immediately overjoyed and smiled.

"You are the disciples who just joined the Lingyuan... Then I am your senior sister!"

"Come on, little junior brother, call me senior sister!" At that time, Luo Menglan laughed suddenly, looking extremely happy.

"No, I'm older than you, I should call you Junior Sister!" The next moment, Xiao Gui said, obviously even from the surface, it is enough to see that no matter their age or temperament, Xiao Gui Ghost is bigger than Luo Menglan.

"You you you!" Said by Xiao Gui, Luo Menglan was out of breath and said dumbly, she was quite young, and her figure was quite thin, she looked only in her twenties, while Xiao Gui was clearly in her thirties. In addition to their tall stature, the two are more like brothers and sisters.

"Forget it."

"Since you are in Lingshan, let's practice hard."

"It just so happens that your strength is also a complete three-star fighting immortal. Are you interested in giving it a try... Somewhere I found a treasure that is enough to break through the four-star fighting immortal." After a while, Luo Menglan looked at Xiao Gui with anticipation, not knowing. Why, since seeing the lines on Xiao Gui's eyebrows, there seems to be a soft feeling, although Luo Menglan doesn't know what it is.

"Let's go!" When Xiao Gui heard the words, he immediately agreed. Obviously, although the veteran Dou Xian Dan was secretly hidden by them, Xiao Gui was obviously curious about this woman and immediately followed.

"Go!" The two looked at each other, and immediately headed towards the depths of the mountain range.

Another place.

"Hey!" The sound of a branch breaking sounded, and suddenly there was a void in this mountain range, and Xiao Yan's figure also slammed into countless branches. The crack was accompanied by a black shadow, which also fell from the sky.

"It's really bad luck." Xiao Yan's figure was quite embarrassed, he slowly climbed up from the ground, and immediately patted the dust on his clothes and cursed.

He thought there that just after entering from the entrance of Lingshan, a tyrannical space ripple appeared, and he and Xiao Gui were immediately separated, and the two figures were temporarily separated, but Xiao Yan knew that Xiao Gui was probably also in Lingshan at this time. among.

"I don't know how Xiao Gui is now..." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"You kid, take care of yourself first. I have a hunch that Xiao Gui should have his father's power seal on him, so as long as he retrieves his lost memory, his strength will reach an astonishing level." The voice of the Soul Lord resounded on Xiao Yan. Obviously, Xiao Gui also had many hidden fluctuations.

"It seems that the courtyard is going to go there anytime, whether it's for the master, you or Xiao Gui." Xiao Yan heard this and laughed.

"rest assured."

"Now this Spirit Mountain is full of energy, and you have a Dou Xian Dan on your body, so breaking through the four-star Dou Xian is just around the corner." After a while, the Soul Eater said with a smile.

"As of now, in the middle of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, if I can break through the Three Star Fighting Immortal Consummation, then I can use the Fighting Immortal Pill to successfully break through the Four Star Fighting Immortal However, in the middle Three Star Fighting Immortal Stage, there is still more to come. The second level." Xiao Yan naturally felt the Dou Xian Dan Dao that had been quietly placed on his body at the beginning.

Fighting Immortal Pill, is the most powerful elixir that was researched and researched by the Supreme Being, and its effect is also very obvious.

As for the role of the Fighting Immortal Pill, most powerhouses will choose to take it when the three-star Fighting Immortal is complete. At that time, it is obviously quite easy to break through the four-star Fighting Immortal. After all, in the Fighting Immortal, if there are not enough resources or opportunities, even if It is a small star, and it can be stuck for decades or even longer.

However, although the Fighting Immortal Pill is tyrannical, a person can only take it once in a lifetime, and it must be taken under the four-star fighting fairy, otherwise it will lose its mysterious effect.

"In this spiritual mountain, there are countless energy bodies formed of pure energy, so as long as you defeat them, you can obtain extremely huge energy. That kind of power is best used to break through." Soul Eater looked at the majestic figure in front of him. The mountain peak also spoke slowly.

Xiao Yan followed the voice of the Soul Eater and glanced in front of him, but found that this was an incomparably huge mountain range. It is full of obscure auras. Those auras are extremely tyrannical, but for the current Xiao Yan, they are extremely attractive.