Chapter 301: Battle Halberd Split Mountain Claw vs Yihuo Heng Gu Chi Chi Ling Long Yi!

At this time, Li Ji's face also became extremely ugly, because from Li Ji's perception, the fiery red dragon was not condensed from energy, but actually existed.

Then there is only one possibility.

Chi Ling.

Many powerful weapons will have some powerful artifact spirits.

The existence of the tool spirit greatly deepens the power of the weapon, and the tool spirit can also be cultivated, but it is just like living in the weapon, helping the master to deal with the enemy, there is always the power obtained by the tool spirit and without the weapon spirit. The power is different.

For example, a powerhouse in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, relying on powerful weapons, has the power to fight against the powerhouse of the perfect level of the four-star Dou Emperor, but if a person in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor has a weapon With the existence of an artifact spirit, even a five-star Dou Di powerhouse should think twice before acting.

After all, the power of artifact spirits is no trivial matter.

A weapon with an artifact is definitely very powerful and alive. The artifact and the weapon complement each other. In addition to the control used, the strength will also increase by leaps and bounds, while the weapon without the artifact seems to be dead. To be able to exert some basic power, this is the difference between having an artifact spirit and not having an artifact spirit!

"Chi Ling?"

"What is that?" Mu Yingying asked like a curious baby.

"The so-called chi spirit is a special existence attached to the weapon. Under the control of the weapon owner, it can volatilize more powerful power, and at the same time, it is also more perfect to volatilize the usefulness of a weapon."

"It is also quite difficult to obtain chi spirits. First of all, not to mention that there are very few creatures in the world that can become artifact spirits. Even if there are, very few would be willing to become chi spirits."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After all, the chi-ling can only let its chi-ling choose by itself, and cannot impose interference, so whether it is a chi-ling or any other artifact spirit, it is quite rare."

"However, once a weapon has an artifact, its combat power will also increase exponentially, and anyone who can pass the artifact will undoubtedly be recognized by the artifact and become an inseparable partner." Xiao Yi also opened his mouth.

"Oh." Mu Yingying also agreed slightly, and then watched the battle on the field.

"Bang bang bang!" Li Ji also realized that something was wrong, and just wanted to stop, but found that there seemed to be something wrong with the halberd in his hand.

After the fiery red dragon broke through the energy of the silver light above its halberd, it seemed like it was still unfinished, and then stared straight at the silver light Dou Qi on Li Ji's body!

Li Ji looked at the huge pupils of the fiery red dragon, and found that the eyes were full of greed. At the moment, he also realized that something was wrong. He just wanted to take back his halberd, but unexpectedly, an accident happened suddenly.

"Shabu!" The fiery red dragon actually followed the halberd in his hand, trying to enter his body and devour his own fighting qi to replenish himself!

Li Ji is indeed a veteran of fighting ghosts outside all year round. Seeing this scene, she also resolutely gave up the halberd in her hand, and then concentrated on dealing with the fiery red dragon.

"Damn beast, see where you're going!" Li Ji was also slightly angry, and then his breath increased to the extreme, urging the huge fighting spirit in his body, and attacked Long Yi viciously!

At this time, Long Yi was only about a few feet in size, and the reduction in size undoubtedly limited Long Yi's strength. Of course, Long Yi was unmoved in the face of Li Ji's attack.

How do you say that you are also a leader in the dragon clan. If you are defeated by such a human hair-headed boy in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, where will you put your face?

"Don't worry about Xiao Yan, let me deal with him." Just when Xiao Yan wanted to use other means, Long Yi's voice appeared.

"Okay, then be careful." Xiao Yan also laughed, apparently since Long Yi became his own ruler, he hadn't given him a good fight.

Dragons are naturally aggressive, so Long Yi has been suffocated for a long time.

At this time, Long Yi's volume was shrinking, and then he was entrenched on Li Ji's right arm.

Following Li Ji's abandonment of the halberd, Xiao Yan also withdrew the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler in his hand, and then the halberd also fell to the ground, watching the rather comical battle in front of him.

"Hey……"

"I didn't expect Brother Li to be so embarrassed by an artifact..."

"It seems that Brother Li's strength in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di is only like this..."

"I already said why I chose him as the leader..."

"He's arrogant and arrogant..." Beside Li Ji, the constant intermittent voice also appeared.

"Shut up!" Li Ji was extremely angry when she heard this.

But Li Ji's heart is bitter.

Originally thought that Xiao Yan's strength is even in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di, since he can join the Fenxiang Pavilion, he must have something special. Li Ji also tried his best to deal with it carefully, but he did not expect that Xiao Yan's fighting spirit was extremely pure and honest. .

If Dangdang is more honest than Dou Qi, even his strength in the early stage of Li Ji's Five Star Dou Di can't compare to Xiao Yan.

Immediately afterwards, Li Ji decided to test Xiao Yan's reality first, and it was easy to deal with it, but he could not think of the spirit of the ruler who forced out the ancient ruler of Heng Huo Heng in Xiao Yan's hands.

The ruler spirit is also a kind of artifact spirit.

Those who use a ruler as a weapon, among them, the spirit of the tool is called the spirit of the ruler.

Moreover, the preciousness of this chi spirit, even if you look at the Burning Incense Pavilion, the number of people who have it is very small. It is unexpected that they will meet in the hands of a new disciple.

"Damn Xiao Yan, if I can force me to use this trick, it can be regarded as looking down on you." Li Ji also said solemnly.

As Li Ji's voice fell, Long Yi in the arm also felt a majestic momentum emanating from Li Ji.

Immediately afterwards, Li Ji snorted coldly, and the halberd that had just landed on the ground just returned to his hand.

The halberd had just returned to Li Ji, and all the terrifying fighting spirit of Li Ji was injected into it, which was obviously a desperate attempt!

"Boom boom boom!" A terrifying wave emerged from Li Ji's body, and then Long Yi also realized that something was wrong So he withdrew from Li Ji's arm and floated above Xiao Yan's head. .

"Such fluctuations..."

"It's an immortal-level fighting skill!" I don't know who said it, and then a monstrous commotion broke out in the hall at this time.

"It seems that this guy is being rushed." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"Can you handle it..." Xiao Yan also asked.

"Not worth mentioning." Long Yi also said slowly, and then with the help of Xiao Yan's body, which was dominated by milky white flames, with twenty-three colors of flames, a terrifying attack was slowly brewing in his dragon mouth.

"Humph!"

"Just Chi Ling, how dare you be presumptuous in front of me!"

"Pick me up!"

"The battle halberd splits the mountain claws!" Li Ji finished speaking, and the fighting halberd in the palm of the hand also burst into a bright silver light, and then the figure moved and smashed fiercely at the Chi Linglong Yi floating above Xiao Yan!

The terrifying halberd with a monstrous silver light roared towards Long Yi.

Facing Li Ji's attack, Long Yi also smiled slowly, and then his tightly closed eyes suddenly opened!

At the mouth of the dragon, there was a ball of terrifying flames containing twenty-three colors, and they smashed viciously towards Li Ji's attack!

The fifth update is here!

Ask for tickets!

Ask for a reward, ask for a recommendation ticket, ask for a monthly pass!

Those who have money will support the money field, and those who have no money will support the ticket field. All of you, Crab Crab, support!