Chapter Vol 4 1735: The master of the soul under the reincarnation!

"Queen!" Hearing Hao Ni'er's solemn and serious words, all the subordinates behind him crawled down and said eagerly.

"I've made up my mind, I don't need to say more."

"Bai Ze, take them away." Hao Ni'eryu raised his hand while speaking, and the exquisite jade ring suddenly fell off, instantly turning into a silver door of space, which was filled with a strong power of space. Obviously, this jade ring is an immortal weapon of high quality and contains terrifying space energy.

"I am willing to live and die with the Queen." Seeing the gate of space pouring out, the four Bai Ze Soul Eater suddenly spoke, and there was a shock that could not be disobeyed in their voices.

"Kacha Kacha!" Just as everyone was arguing, a dazzling black light suddenly erupted from the center of the evil five-pointed blood soul formation above the sky.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the gate of space shattered in an instant, and even the black awn had not completely disappeared, and fell down along the gate of space, and for a while, a crack of several thousand meters slowly paved from the desert sand. Even a few elites of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal level were directly hit by his slashing, without any sound, they turned into a blood fog and completely fell.

"What's going on?" Seeing this scene, Bai Ze was the first to speak.

"It's the Lord of Soul Li, and we still underestimate his ambition." At this time, Hao Ni'er looked solemn and slowly stared at the pink void in the center of the Wumang Blood Soul Array. It was obvious that the attack just now was from Li Soul. In the hands of the Lord, what he wants is for everyone to pave the way for him and forge his path of reincarnation!

And he won't let everyone who enters here be spared!

I am afraid that when entering the hinterland of the desert, the formation here has already begun to operate. Unless the Master of Li Soul takes the initiative to contact, this is an altar, specially used to achieve the blood and soul formation of one's own path of reincarnation!

"And judging from the fluctuation just now, his power should be infinitely close to the real reincarnation at this time, and it is extremely close to the real success. We don't have time." Just when everyone was helpless, a thin body stepped on come out.

"Xiao Yan, you..." Hao Nier shook his head as he looked at the young man in front of him.

"Senior sister, I'm also the teacher's disciple. Let me do this." Looking at Hao Ni'er who was extremely stubborn in front of him, Xiao Yan said softly, obviously from Hao Ni'er's words just now, Xiao Yan had already sensed it. with some firm intentions.

"The teacher once told me that your future achievements will stand at the top of the world, so as your senior sister, I still need me to do these things." After that, Hao Ni'er's palm flashed, and one of them was covered with countless ghostly ghosts. The exquisite ancient talisman surrounded by Qi slowly emerged.

"Devouring... Soul Devouring Talisman?" Looking at the exquisite ancient talisman that appeared in Hao Ni'er's palm, it seemed to be attached to countless resentful ghosts, showing the supreme sinister power, and everyone behind him said in unison.

"Even if he stands on the top of the world in the future, if he can't even protect the people he wants to protect, it should be very pitiful." Seeing Hao Ni'er in such a state, Xiao Yan did not evade, and approached and walked away step by step.

"Little Junior Brother, and you, this time, I will protect you." With the appearance of Soul Eater, Hao Ni'er's aura was greatly enhanced. Although he did not touch Samsara, he also reached the Eight Star Fighting Immortal. The pinnacle of consummation, and she ignored Xiao Yan's voice, because after everything was decided by her, five people could change, including her teacher, the Lord of Soul Eater!

"No!" Hearing Hao Ni'er's words, everyone's pupils became scarlet. Of course, they knew Hao Ni'er's pride in being a human being, and roared immediately, but if Soul Eater Realm didn't have her, I'm afraid it would be no less than lost. Left arm and right shoulder.

"Weng buzzing!" Unfortunately, Hao Ni'er didn't intend to let them take this power and risk. The jade ring in his hand fell off, and immediately turned into a silver halo, completely covering the bodies of the people behind them, making them unable to break free for a short time. Protect everyone.

"Xuan Tianhuan can resist an attack from a semi-reincarnation powerhouse. He was a gift from my teacher. Fortunately, it comes in handy now." After covering the crowd, Hao Ni'er's whole body was filled with a soft light and smiled. .

Space system, earth system!

It seems that every strong person who steps into the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Fighting Immortal can master the two attributes, or if this is their own opportunity, it is unknown, but when Hao Nier has the two attributes and the Soul Eater Talisman together When it appeared, Xiao Yan's heart couldn't help but shake.

"Thank you." Hao Ni'er suddenly turned around, her beautiful eyes were abnormally energetic, she muttered to the people under the protection of Xuan Tianhuan, and immediately bent over and bowed.

"Queen...don't!"

"I can't..." There were bursts of mourning voices, and even tears flashed in everyone's pupils, their noses were sour, and a sense of sourness poured into their hearts.

"Soul Devouring Talisman... Space... Soil..." After a while, Hao Ni'er turned around, his eyes fixed on the pink space in the center of the five-mang blood soul array, and he spoke slowly, even under the words , is not any simple words, but a bit like some kind of chant, trying to awaken the ancient power above the Soul Eater Talisman!

"Xuuu!" It seemed that Hao Ni'er was aware of such a method. In the five-mang blood soul array, the blood mist kept rolling over, and it turned out to be vigilant against Hao Ni'er.

"Teacher's revenge, I will take revenge for him today." Hao Ni'er laughed when he said in a deep voice. At the same time, countless powers rolled around, and the soul-devouring talisman also flourished, like a demon enjoying the beauty of the world.

"This... what's going on?" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan wondered.

"Soul Eater!"

"The queen must want to use all her strength to awaken the Soul Eater Domain and completely crack the reincarnation path of the Master of Souls, because the Soul Eater Talisman is the master's supreme divine weapon, which contains unimaginable terrifying power, I am afraid that now Only the Soul Eater Talisman can crack the situation.”

"But then... the queen will die!" At this moment, dozens of people also became serious, their expressions dignified, obviously helpless.

"Pimple." Immediately when Hao Ni'er was about to start, a thin figure suddenly stood in front of him, and this thin figure contained a terrifying force that moved the world.

"Leave this kind of thing to me." A lazy voice emerged, Xiao Yan's figure appeared, but now Xiao Yan's aura was increasing, and the dark cloak was emerging, obviously he had obtained Xiao Sen Sheng's power.

"You are still young and have infinite possibilities."

"Go back." It seems that this scene has been expected long ago, and the Soul Eater Talisman and the second group of rays of light are tightly held by it A more sinister power is about to emerge from the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Give it to me, Senior Sister, Soul Eater still needs you." Xiao Yan also felt a headache for a while.

"Hehe, little guy, this girl is not as simple as you think, it comes from the pride and stubbornness in her bones..." Xiao Sensheng also stayed in Xiao Yan's body quietly and smiled.

Now his power has recovered to the eight-star Dou Xian consummation, and even found some solutions in the Emperor Yan Ring, but unfortunately he can't use it now, but his power is completely handed over to Xiao Yan, because Xiao Yan just wiped it out. The scene of Fang Hao gave Xiao Sensheng a new understanding of Xiao Yan, and it would take time for him to come into contact with some secrets of Emperor Yanjie himself.

"Xiao Clan... needs you too!" Hao Ni'er said, her body trembled, and the bright space directly tried to isolate Xiao Yan.

"Shabu!" A deafening voice whistled, and the five-mang blood and soul formation suddenly trembled.

"No need to struggle, today is my reincarnation time, just use the two of you to pay homage to my reincarnation road."

"Susu!" Just as Xiao Yan and the two were arguing, within the Wumang Bloodsoul Formation, a force like the most tyrannical force between heaven and earth slowly emerged.

That is a supreme power that surpasses the entire world, not like the power that Eight Star Fighting Immortals or Half Samsara can possess!

Because... that's the real wave of reincarnation!