Chapter Vol 4 1240: be lost?

There are thousands of continents under Li Soul Territory, and the territory of each continent is as huge as the Xuanling Continent. Such a vast territory has just established the hegemony of the three domains of Li Soul Territory.

"Master...why don't we step in the air or take a flying soul beast, then we must go faster and we must walk?" Xiao Yan and the Master of Soul Eater slowly walked towards the next stop.

Without the guidance of the Hawkeye team, Xiao Yan and the Master of Soul Eater were also not very sensitive to the route, and seemed to have lost their bearings.

"If you want to die, step into the air." The Soul Eater rolled his eyes at Xiao Yan angrily.

The ghost world is no different than the human world. In the ghost world, countless great powers have the power of forbidden space set up in their respective territories, so if you want to walk in the air, it is tantamount to being discovered at the first time, or even Sometimes, they will be attacked, so stepping in the air is nothing more than an act of death.

"As for the flying soul beast, where are you going to find it now?" The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater said.

Hearing the words of the Master of Soul Eater, Xiao Yan couldn't help being dumbfounded. Obviously, this seems to be the only way now.

"So I still walk honestly. After all, I vaguely remember that there is a rather huge city not far from Shawu Village, and there is a space teleportation formation in that city."

"At our speed, we will be able to arrive in a few days, but why is this route a bit wrong?"

"Our top priority now is to go to the city first, and use the space teleportation formation to go to Dongzhou, which will undoubtedly save a lot of time." said Soul Eater.

"Lost?" Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. Obviously, after the Soul Eater said so much, it boiled down to being lost.

However, I have to say that the spiritual energy of heaven and earth in this ghost world is a spooky ghost. In addition, Xiao Yan has always been carrying the ancient ruler of strange fire, and now walking has actually increased Xiao Yan by a small amount, which can be considered as Above is another workout.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It seems that I have to find out if there are any businessmen or passers-by nearby, and I don't know what the ratio of this East Continent will be..." As he walked, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly. Obviously, this East Continent is one of the four continents in the underworld, presumably It's going to be a place of great talent.

"Don't worry, this genius in Eastern Continent, although tyrannical, wants to have confidence in you." Soul Eater grinned.

"Be careful, someone is coming, you may look and try to ask for directions." The next moment, the Soul Eater said slowly, and then went into hiding.

Hearing the Master of Soul Eater speak, Xiao Yan slowly released his soul power and tried to find out. With his perception, Xiao Yan also saw the scenes that happened not far away from him.

"Shhhh!"

"Hey, little lady, you are thin-skinned and tender. If my brothers hurt you because of their ignorance, I'm afraid it will make your sister sad." On a loess slope, there was a team of horses and horses, no more than four people. , One of the men with a livid face was the first to speak.

This head is full of tyrannical aura, in terms of strength, it is much more tyrannical than Xiao Yan.

"Deacon Ye, why are you talking nonsense with this guy, just arrest her, otherwise the third young master is still fighting with them."

"The strength of their 'Rain Sect' should not be underestimated, so as to avoid more troubles." The remaining subordinates couldn't help but speak.

"Go, go, what do you know?" The leader dismounted and walked towards the injured woman.

"asshole!"

"If you are wrong to me, my sister and father will definitely not let you go." The injured woman held a rather exquisite dagger in her hand, and her beautiful eyes kept staring at the man who approached her and said.

"Hehe..." Deacon Ye, who was the leader of the four, approached the injured woman directly, and then there was a very shameless smile on his face, as if he was planning something dirty.

"Bang Bang!" The next moment, the man just came to the injured woman and sank slightly, but the short sword in the injured woman's hand suddenly rose slightly, like a bird with a startled bow.

The sharp dagger light was an instant, and a conspicuous scar was drawn on the man's face, and a trace of blood slowly flowed out.

"Stinky girls, don't eat and drink fine for toasting!"

"Tear off her clothes for me and throw them to feed the soul beasts!" Deacon Ye was so surprised by the injured woman that he immediately lost other interest and roared directly.

"Good!" When the other three subordinates heard the words, their eyes were filled with a trace of evil, and they dismounted directly to face the injured woman.

If their boss doesn't do it, then they have a chance. Anyway, this girl is going to die sooner or later, so it's better for the three of them to be cheaper.

"Damn..."

"The food the caravan ate yesterday was poisoned by them, and now the grudge in his body is not obeying..." Seeing the three men coming towards her with malicious intentions, the injured woman couldn't help but move her eyebrows.

"Four big men bully a weak woman, and they are not afraid of being laughed at by others." Just when the three men came to the injured woman and were about to succeed, a huge heavy ruler was projected directly in front of the injured woman. The speed was extremely fast, stirring up a lot of loess, perfectly sanctioning the actions of the three men.

"who?"

"Get out!" Aware of this sudden voice, Deacon Ye couldn't help but swept his eyes around, but he didn't find Xiao Yan.

"This is a detoxification pill." The next moment, Xiao Yan's figure, like a ghost, slowly appeared in front of the injured woman, and then a small exquisite bottle was thrown directly in front of the injured woman, but Xiao Yan's body was in black. Under the cover of the robe, it is difficult to detect the true face.

"Bang bang bang!" Instantly picked up the ancient ruler of different fire, and then the aura in his body condensed on it, and suddenly swept away at the three people who were close at hand in front of him.

"Pfft!" All of this happened so fast that the three men didn't have any response before they were swept away by Xiao Yan and swept to the ground.

There was even an extremely hot aura above the ancient ruler of different fire, which made these three guys unable to get up for a while.

"Boy, don't mind your own business, otherwise you won't know how you died!" Deacon Ye said with a gloomy expression as he watched Xiao Yan defeat his three subordinates so easily.

Although the strength of his three subordinates is only one-star Dou Xian level, their combat effectiveness should not be underestimated, but who would have thought that the three one-star Dou Xian subordinates could not even resist a single move from the guy in front of him.

"Seeing the injustice on the road, draw your sword to help." Seeing that the three men were defeated in an instant, Xiao Yan put away the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng and said.

However, Xiao Yan saw the injustice on the road. He drew his sword to help. He was obviously lost, so he was ready to help. After all, through the power of his soul, Xiao Yan realized that there was some secret in the injured woman. If he wanted to rescue her by himself, it should be simple to ask the route. matter.

"Your Excellency has achieved such strength at such a young age, why don't you join our 'Kuye Zhai' for a big plan?" The man thought for a while and said slightly.

Obviously, the strength shown by Xiao Yan is not what he can handle. Maybe it is the young master who came out of a certain big family to experience such a scene.

"Be careful, this guy is a powerhouse in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian." The injured woman devoured the detoxification pill directly, and then said something to Xiao Yan.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's do it."

"I just want to try a powerhouse in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian." Xiao Yan ignored this guy and spoke directly, and a majestic fighting spirit emerged.

Originally, I have always been dismissive of the routine of heroes saving beauty, but after thinking about it, this is the only good thing.

Eun really fragrant

I'm sorry, it's this routine again, extradition