Chapter Vol 4 1321: Blow up!

"This..." A group of strong people outside the field couldn't help looking at each other.

Obviously, Xiao Yan, who was still at a disadvantage just now, actually used the space shuttle to truly compete with the man in black. This sudden change made many strong people watching the game unable to help but feel a chill in their hearts.

Obviously, they all underestimated Xiao Yan's strength.

"This Xiao Yan is a formidable enemy!" Until this moment, Mu Ge also let go of all his pride and stared at the two fighting in the field. After all, Mu Ge is not a fool. If Xiao Yan defeated Feng Yu before, it might be Luck, but still showing such tyrannical strength against people in black is enough to explain a lot of things.

"Boom!" The red chains and Xiao Yan's radiant giant fingers erupted in ripples of destruction throughout the entire competitive mountain range, constantly spilling out everywhere.

"Little bastard!" After a while, a roar rang out from the center of the explosion.

"Cough cough cough..."

"It seems that your life and soul lock is nothing more than that..." Xiao Yan also had a weak body breath, coughed violently, and then his eyes locked on the man in black at the center of the explosion.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You actually know the soul lock of your life?" Seemingly surprised, the man in black couldn't help showing a hint of surprise in his resentful eyes.

"I know a lot more..."

"For example, the soul clan, the soul palace, the ghost kingdom, the power of the soul, and the power of faith." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Hahaha!"

"You are very powerful, no wonder the powerhouses sent by us from the Soul Clan are silent." The man in black slowly walked out of the center of the explosion. After hearing Xiao Yan's words, a trace of killing intent appeared on his face.

Today, Xiao Yan must be killed no matter what.

At this time, the man in black, the black robe covering the body has become fragmented, from the faint traces, it seems that this guy's body should also be a soul body.

"It's useless to say so much..."

"You want to arrest me to get something, and it just so happens that I also want to inquire about the soul clan." A strange smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

The two of them now have a lot of vindictive energy in their bodies after the terrifying confrontation just now.

"Hahaha!"

"My soul clan's tens of thousands of years of dominance, isn't it because you are a little boy who destroyed it?"

"Today, use your life to pay homage to the future feats of our soul clan."

"My death is insignificant compared to the feats of our Soul Race."

"Susu!" After the illusory black-robed figure finished speaking, his voice suddenly became violent, and then the already weak soul body suddenly burst out with a shocking aura.

"not good!"

"He's going to blow himself up!"

"With such a short-distance self-destruction, even Du Tianfeng wouldn't be able to rescue him in time!"

"This man in black actually wants to die without a burial place for Xiao Yan!"

"It's really vicious." A group of strong people outside the field looked at the illusory black-robed man's body that swelled dozens of times, and instantly knew what he was thinking.

"How despicable!" Du Qifei saw this, her beautiful eyes flashed quickly, and she bit her lips, looking at Mu Ge and Feng Yu Jiao Jiao.

"Fei'er, the details of this guy are extremely mysterious, and it can't be ordered by the two of us." Mu Ge shrugged helplessly and looked at Feng Yu, saying, the two of them are not the kind of guys who secretly and secretly do something.

"Xiao Yan is in danger. The self-destruction of the late two-star Douxian powerhouse will seriously hurt even me..." Feng Yu said in a deep voice.

"Fei'er, save him!" Liu Qing also said softly, her voice was full of urgency. At this time, she was extremely anxious. It is to expose her identity as a member of the Holy See, and it is also necessary to save Xiao Yan.

"Fifth brother!" Du Qifei couldn't help calling out to Duan Tianfeng when he heard the words, Xiao Yan is so talented, no matter whether it is for public or private, it is impossible for him to fall like this.

"I know!"

"You guys maintain the order on the scene!" Du Tianfeng took action when the man in black just made a move, and his figure jumped and rushed into the competitive mountain range in an instant.

However, let Tianfeng Tianfeng Four-Star Fighting Immortal's strength still can't keep up.

"Blow yourself up..."

"If I had the strength of the two-star Dou Xian in the early stage, there is still a chance, but now, I'm just taking my own humiliation." Xiao Yan looked at the man in black's violently swollen body. Any panic, dazzling fighting spirit and soul power, formed two tyrannical defenses directly on his surface.

"Xiao Yan, die!" At the last moment, the figure of the man in black swelled to a certain extent, and then completely bloomed like fireworks.

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling black qi came to Xiao Yan like a fireworks, and the fighting qi bloomed.

"Damn... This guy has the idea of ​​dying with me." Xiao Yan struggled to resist the self-destruction of the man in black.

Xiao Yan knew that at this time, it was obviously impossible for Soul Eater to take action, and he could only rely on himself.

But what is worth celebrating is that Du Tianfeng is rushing towards him. As long as he supports the first round of self-destruction and Duan Tianfeng arrives, this crisis will naturally be resolved.

"Boom!" The strange black qi exploded, and the strange black qi kept entangling towards Xiao Yan, vaguely swallowing Xiao Yan's soul power.

"Damn... going on like this... I can't hold it anymore!"

"Huangquan Tianwu!" A tyrannical soul force emerged directly, and immediately shattered the strange black qi, but the next moment the ghost qi condensed and attacked Xiao You Ming Tian Trance! "The dazzling soul power directly gathers at one point, and then bursts out at the speed, easily dispelling the black energy.

"This..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but scold others, no matter how he used his soul power to attack the ghost qi, once the black qi dissipated, it would condense and attack him the next moment.

This kind of ghost energy is actually soul power.

Soul power is a unique term for the power of the second power of the soul palace of the soul clan. It has a completely different nature from fighting qi. If you want to obliterate this kind of breath, I am afraid that only the power of holy flame can do it. Expose the news that he has the holy flame, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will become the first focus of everyone.

"Humph."

"Let me go!" Just when Xiao Yan was in a hurry, Duan Tianfeng's figure slowly came to Xiao Yan, a silver thunder surrounded his body, and immediately protected Xiao Yan's body.

With Du Tianfeng's protection, Xiao Yan's pressure was greatly reduced, and then he stared at the center of self-destruction that was very close to him. There, a stream of extremely dark black energy continued to emerge, which actually made this space become uneasy. .

"Destroy me!" Duan Tianfeng snorted coldly, and swung his sleeves towards each other, and suddenly a silver thunder with a shocking aura quietly cut through the sky and suddenly hit the center of the self-destruction.

The next moment, the energy in the center of the self-explosion suddenly quieted down, self-exploded and dissolved, but Duan Tianfeng didn't notice, there was a faint power that was invisible to the naked eye, and Xiao Yan slowly took it into his pocket.