Chapter Vol 4 2069: Hold... hold up?

The latest website: "89 points..." Looking at the numbers shining in the soul stone above the square, the thousands of alchemists onlookers murmured.

They did not leave the stage after the assessment was completed, but looked at the ten people who were not tested in the end with anticipation. They were also extremely curious, how high can these hidden people reach?

"It should be that the spiritual palace has just been built and the spiritual palace has not been filled, but this level can reach 89 points, will I have some..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, and immediately became a little worried, because Xiao's soul power has been tempered many times. Lian, has long been incompatible with the current strength, and this is the medicine family, Xiao Yan is worried that he will be studied as a guinea pig...

"Here, your Thunder Clan has produced an incredible guy this time." Yao Xuanyi smiled and handed over the Medal of Alchemist.

"Thank you, senior." Lei Luochen was quite calm, thanked him, and quietly retreated.

"Shi Clan, Shi Wushuang, 88 points." After a while, a rather terrifying score emerged from the Shi Clan disciples.

"Next, it's your turn." After testing the other people, Yao Xuanyi looked expectant, looking at Xiao Yan, Yao Yichen, Shen Hong, Hun Mu, Yan Xuan, and He Ling A few people from Zixi, obviously these people are the most terrifying beings in the medicine clan festival.

"I'll come first." Ling Zixi walked slightly first, and immediately released his soul power slightly like those guys before.

"Dong, dong, dong!" In an instant, a burst of ancient energy rippled out of the soul stone uncontrollably.

"90?" After a while, the mutation stopped abruptly, and two rather dazzling numbers appeared on the soul stone.

"It's actually 90?" Seeing Ling Zixi's rather casual behavior, her soul power score actually reached a rare 90, Yao Yichen, who has always been arrogant, couldn't help but murmured.

This medicine clan soul stone was obtained by their medicine clan almighty by chance, and it is undoubtedly the most accurate after its identification.

Now the patriarch Yao Wan, his soul power score reached an unprecedented 96 points during the test, so now his soul power has stepped into the highest realm "Hua Yuan."

It has been circulated among the medicine clan that as long as it can reach 90 or more in the test, the future cultivation limit will be "too imaginary".

Taixu and Huayuan seem to have little difference, but for pharmacists, there is a gap that is extremely difficult to bridge. Only when the soul power reaches Huayuan can they be qualified to attack the eighth-rank holy pharmacist, but the cultivation of soul power is mysterious and mysterious. , so the holy-rank alchemist will be so rare.

"Above 90 points, every time you increase one point, the limit in the future is immeasurable." Yao Xuanyi looked at this girl with admiration and said.

"I always think you will be more terrifying than me." Ling Zixi said in a voice that everyone could hear after returning to Xiao Yan after doing all this.

"This bastard!" Seeing Ling Zixi acting like this, several other people also cursed secretly.

"Okay, you guys, hurry up." Yao Xuanyi said with a smile.

"Shen Hong, 93 points."

"Soul Mu, 95 points."

"Yixuan, 95 points."

"Huoxuan, 95 points."

"Yi Chen, 95 points." After a while, these people took the soul test invariably. With the appearance of the test results of these people, the strong people present couldn't help trembling.

Four 95 points?

The soul power of these people is probably enough to match the word evildoer?

Once you step above 90 points, it is extremely difficult to increase each point. With a high score of 95, if there is no accident in the future, these people may have the potential to become holy pharmacists!

"Hehe, I didn't expect this kid Yan Xuan to be so secretive."

"Where, that fellow Hunmu is also quite terrifying."

"The Yao family brothers and sisters are also quite good..." The people on the outside of the altar mountain looked at the results of the first round of the soul test, and the elders of their respective races praised each other, but the pride in their bones was extremely difficult to hide.

"It should be almost there." Yao Xuanyi said with a slight smile, obviously this time the four high scores of 95 have surpassed the past, making people smile and forget Xiao Yan for a while.

"Senior Yao Xuanyi, there is one more person." Ling Zixi didn't take it seriously, she turned her gaze to Xiao Yan slightly and said softly.

"Senior, and I haven't tested it yet, this is my Alchemist Medal." Xiao Yan walked over slowly, not paying attention to the gazes of others around him, and handed over his Alchemist Medal.

"Oh……"

"The alchemist medal at the pinnacle level of the sixth-grade immortal rank?" Yao Xuanyi took over the pharmacist medal, but she felt that this medal was different from the previous ones.

"Wait... in **** mode?" Yao Xuanyi noticed the difference, and immediately turned it upside down. After a while, her calm face became strange and she lost her voice.

The alchemist medal in **** mode, even the entire pharmacy family, has only ten people, and there is no one among the alchemists tested today.

"You should know the rules."

"I will be very serious about you." After a while, Yao Xuanyi's voice and eyes became sharp, and then he said solemnly to Xiao Yan.

"Okay." Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, walked over slowly, raised his palm, the spiritual palace in his body violently squirmed. down, the temperature plummeted.

"Just a pharmacist of the sixth rank of immortal rank, why is Senior Yaoxuanyi so serious?"

"Could it be that this guy used some small tricks?" Seeing Yao Xuanyi's sudden fierceness, he couldn't help but caused a commotion.

"Give me quiet, the loud ones will be disqualified from the competition!" At this moment, Yao Xuanyi stared at Xiao Yan with all his attention, and roared at the alchemist all over his body without any politeness.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan was naturally unaware of the situation around him. At this moment, he felt that this was a special space where he was alone, and the soul power in his body emerged extremely urgently and poured all of it into the soul stone.

"The value on the soul stone has begun to change..."

"95?" Some guys with extraordinary eyesight asked eagerly, feeling Xiao Yan began to transmit his soul power.

"How could it be 95 in the first place?"

"Impossible..." At this moment, even as arrogant as Yao Yichen, he had to lower his posture and said suspiciously.

"95..."

"96..."

"How is that possible? It actually reached the limit of Yao Wan's patriarch?"

"Tear it!" Listening to the serious exclamation from the outside world Xiao Yan took a deep breath, and immediately a more surging soul force burst out, and his body became tense. .

"97..."

"Crack!"

"Bang bang bang!" Before the exclamation fell, the value on the soul stone suddenly soared, and it broke the highest limit in the record in an instant!

"No, I didn't control my strength, it seems like I'm about to be broken..." As the outside world boiled over, Xiao Yan couldn't help rolling his eyes and muttering in his heart.

But he didn't know that the outside world had been shocked by his soul value!