Chapter 618: Spiritual grinder!

"What is this..." Xiao Yan caught the thing thrown from Lao Zhu's hand, and then said slowly.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes was a small but very strange thing!

Just starting, a heart-piercing stinging pain emanated from it, which made Xiao Yan slightly startled!

You must know that Xiao Yan is now in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. With the addition of the power of the strange fire and the power of the holy flame, this thing can actually make Xiao Yan have such fluctuations, which is enough to show the extraordinaryness of this thing.

Taking a closer look, he saw a palm-sized circular tray in his hand.

On the circular tray, there are many mysterious runes. If you count them carefully, it seems that there are as many as twelve runes.

"This is a spiritual grinder." Elder Zhu said slowly in a calm voice.

"Spiritual grinding disc?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan seemed to have guessed the function of this thing. After all, just after holding it, the core inscription of divine movement in his body exuded a burst of joy.

"That's right, it's a spiritual grinder."

"Before you, the only way to cultivate spiritual power was to continuously sharpen the spiritual power through this spiritual grinder to improve the strength of the Dou Formation Master. Another method was to devour the spiritual grinder, but this method is rarely used."

"After all, the acquisition of this spiritual grinding disc can only be found in some rare ancient ruins. If it is swallowed directly, I am afraid many people will be reluctant to bear it."

"But you don't know if it's good luck or something else, this holy flame power can actually help your spiritual power progress." Zhu Lao laughed.

"Hehe, take good care of this spiritual grinding disc. As for sharpening the spiritual power, you only need to disperse a trace of the power condensed from the core inscription to enter."

"Remember, don't devour this spiritual grinding disc unless it is absolutely necessary. After all, there are only a few of these things in the entire Xuanling Continent. If one disappears, there will be no more." Old Zhu said.

"Disciple takes orders!" Xiao Yan put away the spiritual grinding wheel, and then bowed to Elder Zhu. As a discerning person, Xiao Yan naturally knew how much he cherished this spiritual grinding wheel.

"Your strength seems a bit terrifying." After doing all this, Old Zhu stared at Xiao Yan slightly.

"The late Six-Star Dou Di." Xiao Yan didn't try to hide it, he said directly.

"In the later stage of the Six Star Dou Di..."

"This time the team competition must come first." Take Lao said plainly.

"No problem!" Xiao Yan naturally agreed with confidence.

"It's alright, it's alright, hurry up, kid, don't disturb me from sleeping in." Zhu Lao hurriedly said.

"Disciple retire!" Xiao Yan smiled slowly, then walked outside the wooden house and gently closed the door.

"By the way, there seems to be someone in the ground hall who needs to refine the second-grade emperor-rank medicinal pill. You can go and have a look." Xiao Yan just walked a few steps when Old Zhu's voice came from behind him.

"Is it a medicinal pill of the second rank of the emperor..."

"It just so happens that I haven't made a medicinal pill for a long time. There are still five days until the team competition. Tomorrow, Mu Yingying's calamity may be over. Let's wait and see the day after tomorrow." Xiao Yan smiled and then disappeared.

"I don't know why, but I have a hunch that this kid seems to be more terrifying than that person at the beginning..."

"And it seems that the moving sky ruler will also emit its own brilliance." Zhu Lao slowly stared at the disappearing Xiao Yan and said.

In the Hall of Earth, the residence of the five senior brothers.

"Is Senior Brother Five awake?" A silver bell-like voice sounded outside the door.

"Second miss, you can't enter, the fifth senior brother is still recovering, and no one is seen except the hall master." The two outside the door looked at the little witch in front of them with fear.

"Don't you know who I am?" Ling Xuan let out a slight breath in her breath, a little unhappy.

"Let her in." Wang Chen's voice sounded from the door.

When the two guards heard the words, they didn't speak for a while.

"Senior Brother Fifth, are you alright?" Ling Xuan quickly entered the room and spoke directly.

"Don't worry, your fifth senior brother is fine." Wang Chen was not surprised when he saw the little witch coming again.

"Senior Brother No. 5, you weren't fighting against Xiao Yi at that time, how could you suddenly..." Seeing that Wang Chen's injury had improved a lot, Ling Xuan hesitated for a moment.

"do not know."

"I'm afraid this Xiao Yan is not as simple as it seems on the surface."

"This person's breath, even if it was the last blow to me, I can feel that I didn't use all my strength."

"I estimate that this person's strength is at least the same as you and me... or even stronger." Wang Chen said.

"How could it be possible..." Ling Xuan immediately said incredulously when she heard the words.

"Nothing is impossible, this person is very strong." Wang Chen said without any smile.

"I'm going to find my father." Ling Xuan heard the words, and immediately left here without stopping.

"Hehe, but I haven't seen this little witch in such a long time." Wang Chen smiled.

"Mont, how are the other senior brothers now?" Wang Chen's injuries were not too serious. After all, Xiao Yan was also trying to shock others, so he didn't kill him.

As soon as Wang Chen's voice fell, a person outside the door slowly entered, and then said, "Senior Brother Hui Wu, in the past few days, Brother Fourth has been practicing in seclusion."

"The third senior brother seems to have failed in refining the second-grade emperor-level medicinal pills, which stumped him."

"He's been very busy recently."

"As for the second senior brother, he has always come and gone without a trace."

"Not to mention senior brother." Monte said.

"Go ahead, the team competition will start in a few days." Wang Chen said slowly.

"By the way, Fifth Senior Brother, everyone in the Heavenly Palace seems to have withdrawn from this team competition..." Monte hesitated for a while, then spoke up.

"Oh... Is there another mission to send the seven of them out..."

"The seven people from the Heavenly Palace go out at the same time, this task is a bit big." Wang Chen murmured.

"Dad, you must give me an explanation this time." In a certain room in the underground hall, Ling Xuan said unreasonably to a middle-aged man in front of her.

"Whoops, my little princess, who provokes you this time?" The middle-aged man smiled slowly, raised a delicate jade cup in his hand, and then said to Lingxuan in front of him.

"I don't care, I want you to give me an explanation!" Ling Xuan said.

"What the **** is going on?" the middle-aged man asked.

"There was a person in the Hall of People who broke into the Burning Heaven Territory without authorization. We wanted to invite him to our Hall to explain a thing or two, but we never thought that this person was arrogant and unreasonable, so we couldn't help pushing Ye Qing back and wounding the fifth senior brother."

"Dad, you said that this person is not hateful!"

"You must show him some color." Ling Xuan said eagerly.

"Hey, it turned out to be someone bullied..." The middle-aged man smiled slowly and said with a smile in his heart.

"I remember that among the disciples in the Hall of People, who are still in the Burning Incense Pavilion, there seems to be no powerhouse above the six-star Dou Di. How could Wang Chen be injured?" the middle-aged man analyzed.

"I don't know what trick that kid was using. At the competition venue, Senior Brother Wang Chen passed out without taking a move from him." Ling Xuan said.

"One move?" Ling Xuan's voice just fell, and there was some hesitation in the middle-aged man's tone.

"What's the name of the disciple in that temple?" The middle-aged man asked.

"Xiao Yan." Ling Xuan said lightly, with a bit of resentment in her voice.

As Ling Xuan's words just finished, the jade cup in the middle-aged man's hand shattered instantly!

"Don't worry about this matter, be obedient, this Xiao Yan is the person designated by the Heavenly Palace and Human Palace to protect." The middle-aged man spoke slowly.

"How could it be possible..." Ling Xuan was slightly surprised when she heard the words, because it was rare to see Daddy so moved.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's not say anything else, it's just because this kid is a second-rank emperor-rank pharmacist." Ling Xuan was immediately surprised when the middle-aged man finished speaking.

"Xiao Yan...is actually a second-grade imperial pharmacist?" After Lingxuan finished speaking, she suddenly felt that her head was empty.

"Okay, go down obediently and prepare for the team competition."

"Daddy has something to do." The middle-aged man said, as if he had made up his mind.

Ask for tickets!