Chapter Vol 4 1986: Peak 7, against Liu Hao!

"The ancients are sick... This is really unfortunate news." After Shunxi, Xiao Yan bound Gu Qingfeng in place in order to prevent Gu Qingfeng from leaking the news. After placing some seals, he immediately confronted the seventh Peak away.

Originally, Xiao Yan planned to cross the seven peaks and directly propose the qualifications to enter the Holy Land to the ancient powerhouses, but now it seems that he may have to change his strategy. Yuan and Master Xun'er were rescued by the Peerless Heavenly Emperor, and the others needed to be considered in the long run.

"I hope this guy can disintegrate the conspiracy of those guys, because today's ancient world is more like a gloomy place, which is chilling." Gu Qingfeng stood on the spot and nodded slowly.

After Shunxi, the seventh peak.

"Old man, why don't you start soon, what are you waiting for?" At this time, in a rather empty circular battlefield, Liu Hao's expression tightened, looking at the white-haired old man who smiled slowly in front of him, lowered his voice scolded.

"Don't worry little guy."

"This old way of trying to reach the peak is a little tired. Let's try something fresh today." The old man stroked his white beard and pretended to be eloquent, but this guy's strength has reached the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal Consummation, the oppression contained in it, is suffocating.

"Crack." With a sound, the void in front of him suddenly burst, and Xiao Yan's figure slowly emerged.

"Come on... the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, not bad, not bad." Seeing Xiao Yan appearing, the white-haired old man smiled slowly, seeing through Xiao Yan's concealment method at a glance, he said.

"This is?" Xiao Yan looked at the extremely impatient expressions of the white-haired old man and Liu Hao with a surprised expression, and asked in doubt.

"The trial of the seventh peak is for the two of you to play against each other to decide a winner." The old man smiled.

"He?" Listening to the old man's words, Liu Hao couldn't help but feel the pressure greatly increased. His strength is now in the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. He may be more fortunate than Xiao Yan, and once he uses the power belonging to the Holy See, he is afraid that others will say that he is bullying. he.

"What do you think?" After a little deep voice, the old man smiled indifferently. Obviously, with his strength, he was able to perceive that the two in front of him were by no means ordinary people, and a good show was about to be staged.

"no problem."

"Okay." Xiao Yan and Liu Hao nodded at the same time.

"In that case, let's start." After the old man finished speaking, his body was directly integrated with the surrounding void, obviously a strong man who was proficient in space attributes.

"You are very strong, but you will die in my hands. Those who are sensible should raise their hands and surrender." Liu Hao said lightly, his voice was full of sarcasm, obviously full of confidence in himself, but at this time he Obviously he didn't remember that Xiao Yan was the so-called husband-in-law of the saintess of the ancient clan, otherwise he would mobilize all his strength to try to obliterate him.

Let Xiao Yan be tyrannical, but so what?

I am the Son of Light of the Holy See. I have been studying the top martial arts and fighting skills in the Holy See since I was a child. I have the most superior resources. Even because of my identity as the Son of Light, to a certain extent, I am already in the middle of ten thousand people. On the other hand, Xiao Yan was ordinary, and he was not qualified to fight him at all.

"I won't show mercy to you just because you are from the Holy See."

"If you are afraid of death, then get out, otherwise your fate will be no different from Chen Mo." Facing Liu Hao's provocation, Xiao Yan shook his head in a funny way.

Although Xiao Yan did not have the superior resources and conditions of Liu Hao, the decades of battle had made Xiao Yan climb from the brink of life and death countless times. Incomparable, it is also the place where the flowers in the greenhouse like Liu Hao can never be compared.

"If that's the case, then I'm welcome!"

"The light is coming!" Liu Hao shrugged and sneered unquestionably, and immediately opened his hands, and a loud voice swept the entire void.

With a sound, countless rays of light descended slowly, and immediately attached to Liu Hao's body without a trace, forming a white robe of light, and even on his forehead, there was an ancient light pattern that surpassed everything. It trembled slightly, like the divine power bestowed by the gods, ready to move.

That is the Divine Rune of the Child of Light.

It is also Liu Hao's last reliance.

With the blessing of the Divine Rune of the Son of Light, he can perceive the power of angels, and even at a critical juncture, he can ignite the Divine Rune and add some angel wings to himself, thus truly reaching a new height to some extent.

However, this level of power would obviously not be used against Xiao Yan. After all, this level of power was too tyrannical. Once it was used, it would probably be a reincarnation level.

Of course, even so, Xiao Yan was not afraid. The shroud of demon power was enough to give Xiao Yan the strength to confront him head-on.

Angels and demons will eventually avoid a war in the future.

"Fire!" Xiao Yan sneered, and the profound flames were like light spots, covering his body as well, and immediately decorated his aura even hotter!

The sacred and inviolable aura of light, as well as the incomparably hot aura of holy flame, were like two ferocious beasts, each crawling on them.

"Hmph... a mere holy flame, how dare you compare with my light of dawn!"

"The Holy Magic Seal of Light!" Liu Hao shouted coldly, looking at the incomparably hot holy flame armor on Xiao Yan's body, which even twisted the void.

"Xuuuu!" The voice fell, and one after another, the white light spots in different order cut through the sky, and gently gathered towards Liu Hao's palm.

That kind of aura is too much above the entire world It seems that under the light aura of this technique, it is similar to some attributes such as ice, water, wood, fire and wind, and it is vulnerable!

After taking a good breath, a whole body of milk-white soul mountain quickly wriggled and expanded, expanding in Xiao Yan's pupils, and immediately fell towards Xiao Yan!

"Weng Om!" Seeing Liu Hao's attack, who was close at hand, Xiao Yan's body was filled with a sense of ease and fearlessness.

"This kind of power doesn't require you to take action!"

"The Shield of Holy Flame!" Xiao Yan shouted and directly suppressed the demon cube. Immediately, amber flames suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan, forming amber light shields of thousands of meters!

The milky white light soul mountain slowly expands, and every time it falls, the entire battlefield trembles invariably. The sacred, pure and powerful pressure contained in it makes the entire void tremble!

"Defend me!" Xiao Yan roared, using all his strength to the limit.

Although he has few fighting skills, the power of holy flame is by no means comparable to a small light attribute!

"Boom boom boom!" The light soul mountain landed on Xiao Yan's amber light shield, and a trace of violent energy ripples emerged, but it was like being stuck in a ferocious quagmire, and was firmly bound on the flame light shield. Can't move!

For a time, the Soul Mountain of Light shook violently, and countless energies tilted down, but it was still unable to break the defense of the Flame Light Shield, and even that extreme power was slowly counteracted by the Flame Light Shield.

However, the energy ripples generated by the two attacking and defending are extremely huge, overwhelmingly shooting towards the surroundings, and the oppression of the sky swept out, completely detonating the tranquility here!

full book

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: