Chapter 506: Shattered Soul Card!

"What is that!" With a rather dark object appearing in Liu Quan's hand, Qin Tian's pupils shrank strangely, and then the flames around him shook violently, as if he had encountered some terrifying natural enemy!

"What's the matter?" Yaoxin and several people worked together to deal with Song Li and Yang Wei, but they were still able to fight 55 to 50, but everyone also felt that with the delay of the fighting time, in addition to the black gas The enchantment shrouded, the strength of Song Li and Yang Wei is getting stronger and stronger, if this continues, I am afraid that within three minutes, they will be defeated instantly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Yaoxin raised his head and saw Qin Tian and Liu Quan in the sky. The power of a fiery red and domineering flame appeared on the two of them. As for the other, a rather delicate item appeared in Liu Quan's hand. However, because it was surrounded by jet-black black gas, the core did not notice what this thing was.

"Fanyu, give me a moment, that stuff in Liu Quan's hands seems a little weird!" Yaoxin spoke directly at the next moment, then finished speaking, sat down, and her eyes were locked in an instant.

"Okay!" Fan Yu's heart sank when he heard the words, urging the exercises in his body and the remaining traces of vindictiveness to intercept Song Li's attack.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, an invisible huge soul force suddenly emerged from the core of the medicine, and immediately shot at Liu Quan above the sky!

"Humph!"

"It's too much!" Liu Quan noticed the action of the medicine core, and then snorted coldly in disdain, and a black air suddenly spread from his feet!

"Puff puff!" The black air suddenly spread out, and then attacked the medicine core on the ground!

The medicine core was caught off guard and was attacked by the black gas, and the back turned pale, and a smear of blood spurted out instantly!

"That thing...it's terrifying!"

"But it should be specially designed to deal with souls, captain be careful!" The medicine core wiped away the blood from the corners of his mouth, and then opened his mouth slightly.

"Yaoxin, you must defeat Song Li and Yang Wei, otherwise, this time, we may be in trouble!" He said with a worried look.

"Shoot!" Yaoxin heard the words, and put away the worries in his heart, and concentrated on dealing with Song Li and Yang Wei in front of him.

"Liu Quan, you are so willing." Qin Tian squinted at Liu Quandao, who looked like a teenager. With years of combat experience, Qin Tian knew that what Liu Quan had in his hands would never be ordinary.

At this time, the fiery red flame around Qin Tian's body had dimmed slightly. As for this reason, it may be due to the strange item in Liu Quan's hand at this time, or the lack of vindictiveness in Qin Tian's body.

"Susu..."

"Qin Tian, ​​I said, no matter how huge the price is, this time, you will die!" Liu Quan's youthful face suddenly smiled grimly, with a little evil in his smile.

"The thing in your hand, although I don't know what it is, but according to this breath, it should be a kind of ghost world." Qin Tian opened his mouth slightly, but his pupils locked Liu Quan's hand.

"The vision is not bad, but it's okay to tell you."

"This thing is called the Soul Shattering Card!" After Liu Quan finished speaking, the black air mass that was lying quietly in his hand trembled strangely. in the air pattern.

"Soul Shattering Card?" Qin Tian's body was shocked when he heard the words!

As the leader of the Dragon-loving Legion, a strong man at the peak of the dignified Dou Di, how could he not know the horror of this thing!

The broken soul comes out!

The soul is lost!

The short eight characters explain the horror of this broken soul card!

The so-called soul-shattering card is enough to truly achieve the goal of killing the peak powerhouse of Dou Di!

Because of the strong Dou Emperor, even after the fall, as long as the soul power is still retained, they can achieve rebirth through some special means of the alchemist, but if the soul power disappears, it is undoubtedly the real fall.

It's no wonder that Qin Tian was so shocked. After all, Qin Tian at this time was not at his peak.

"Damn it, how could it be a Soul Shattering Card!"

"This is something that only ghosts can condense. Could it be that Solomon has any connection with the ghost world?" Qin Tian's pupils were instantly full of blood, and he said incredulously.

Even with the strength of Emperor Qin Tiandou at the peak, he still felt powerless against the Soul Shattering Card.

Because this soul-shattering card is fundamentally a kind of weapon, but it is a one-time thing, so it also makes it precious!

But the most terrifying thing about this Soul Shattering Card is that it is hard to guard against!

There has been nothing to defend against since ancient times!

There has always been a saying in the outside world that under the broken soul, the strong person below the half-immortal will be destroyed in form and spirit!

"Qin Tian, ​​what about your pride at the peak of Dou Di?"

"Susu." Eerie and eerie laughter continued to emanate from Liu's body.

"Looking for death!" Qin Tian shouted loudly, and then no longer hesitated, the fiery red flames instantly covered his whole body, his hands were clenched, and he whizzed away towards Liu Quan. The world trembled slightly.

"It's time to end." Liu's whole body flickered strangely, and with a casual touch, he avoided Qin Tian's seemingly terrifying blow.

Qin Tian fluttered into the air, his speed exploded again, and attacked where Liu Quan kept dodging!

"Shabu Shabu!" At this moment, there was a fierce collision above the sky.

Qin Tian knew clearly that once the broken soul card was dispatched, I am afraid that none of the members of the Dragon-loving Legion would be able to withstand it. At that time, the fate of their entire group would only be the nourishment for this Solomon.

"Qin Tian, ​​accept the move!" Liu Quan shouted loudly, and then a terrifyingly dazzling black light burst out from the strange air mass in his hand!

The dark light was like a death ray, blasting directly at Qin Tian!

With Liu Quan's big drink Qin Tian seemed to feel that his heart and soul seemed to be locked by something. No matter how Qin Tian used the means, it would not help!

A chill emerged in my heart!

"Not good!" A loud shout came from Qin Tian's mouth.

"Captain!" On the ground, Yaoxin shouted at the same time, and then the breath suddenly shook, instantly blocking the attack of Song Li and Yang Wei, and immediately lifted into the air, facing Qin Tian!

With such an appearance, it is astonishing that he wants to save Qin Tian!

"damn it!"

"It's too late!" At the next moment, Xuan Wanxin, who was at the back of the group, suddenly filled with a hint of decisiveness, and immediately above the dark body, an extremely dazzling red light instantly appeared here. In the black enchantment!

"Xuan Wanxin, stop me!" He drank abruptly, but the tears could no longer be stopped, and he burst into tears!

"Sister Xin, take good care of your brothers and sisters." Xuan Wanxin said to Yaoxin, who was on the side. After speaking, his whole body shook violently, and then suddenly turned into a red light, with an aura of extinction, facing that The Soul Shattering Death Ray blasted up!

"Xuan Wanxin, you bastard!" After he finished speaking, he suddenly ignored the people around him, and then his breath burst out again, catching up with Xuan Wanxin.

"Qingmu, you are..." Xuan Wanxin said sluggishly.

"Idiot, I'm with you!" After speaking, a rare charming smile appeared in the corner of his eyes.

Ask for a recommendation!