Chapter Vol 4 1620: The Scales of Domination!

"Five-colored Tianjiao?"

"This is an ancient alien beast that is enough to evolve into a real dragon, how could it be..." Looking at the majestic man and the huge blue-faced dragon in the picture, the Dragon Blood Emperor couldn't help but muttered.

"The two of them seem to be fighting?" After a while, Xiao Yan's expression became tense, revealing this empty picture, he was able to sense the extremely bright and terrifying power in the picture.

"It doesn't seem to be fighting, but unilateral crushing!" The Dragon Blood Emperor lost his voice as if he had suddenly seen something, but when his eyes were fixed on the young man, a suppression from the depths of his soul slowly spread .

"The third change of the Dragon God, the dragon's arm!" As the voice fell, the dense azure dragon scales on the palm of the azure-faced man stood out. The dragon scales were extremely ferocious, and they formed an extremely tyrannical defense. The aura of the dormitory is as thick as a mountain, but it also contains a terrifying fluctuation that is quite heart-pounding.

"The fifth transformation of the Dragon God, the claw of the Dragon God!" In an instant, the man stepped directly over the fourth transformation of the Dragon God, and a roar that ran through the sky emerged from his mouth.

"Weng buzzing!" With the voice of the blue-faced man, the arm that was already covered with blue dragon scales suddenly swelled up, and in the blink of an eye, it turned into a blue dragon claw that was a thousand feet tall!

The cyan dragon scales are densely covered on the cyan dragon claws, and under the cover of the dragon scales, the entire space reveals an inexplicable tremor fluctuation. In an instant, the dragon claws cover the sky and the sun, and contain a tyrannical aura that destroys the sky and destroys the earth.

"Crash!" With the appearance of this scene, the blue-faced man did not hesitate, his palms clenched suddenly, and the dragon's claws suddenly slammed away directly at the five-colored Tianjiao in front of him, letting the five-colored Tianjiao be there No matter how violently he struggled, he was completely crushed in an instant, and even if any power did not escape, he was completely destroyed by it.

"Bang bang bang!" The void shattered, and the picture slowly became blurred, but Xiao Yan was clear that this was a real existence, definitely not an illusion.

"Is this... the third and fifth transformations in the Dragon God's treasure 'Nine Transformations of the Dragon God'?" Looking at this shocking scene, even with the strength of the Dragon Blood Emperor Wuxian Fighting Immortal, he couldn't bear it Live in fear.

"The third transformation of the Dragon God actually has such a tyrannical power. After turning into a dragon arm, the appearance of the dragon scales increases the destructive power of the arm by a geometric multiple... And the fifth transformation of the Dragon God, the destructive power of the dragon claw, I am afraid It's enough to make me an invincible existence in my class." The picture completely disappeared, and Xiao Yan muttered to himself.

When his uncle Jin Longwang left, he handed over the cultivation route of the Dragon God Nine Transformations to himself, but even with his level of power, Xiao Yan was only given the first five Dragon God transformations. The last four transformations were truly protected by the Dragon Clan, but if Xiao Yan completely mastered the five transformations of the Dragon God, he would probably be a powerhouse like Ling Feng, not worth mentioning.

"Forget it, I can't chew too much, so let's solve this first. After all, I have barely grasped the second transformation of the Dragon God, and I am quite far away from those things." After a while, Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"Go ahead..."

"I'll take care of you here, and I'm going to leave here." After Shun's breath, Emperor Longxue's mind moved and said to Xiao Yan.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan clasped his fists and thanked him. As soon as he finished speaking, his body was suspended in mid-air, and he walked towards the dark red coffin that was opened.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, the picture just now seemed to be related to something in the coffin, and this thing was impressively present in the coffin.

"Sisi!" When Xiao Yan's body was just a few meters close to the dark red coffin, a pressure originated from the bloodline suddenly emerged.

"Longwei?" Upon realizing this scene, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning and asked in doubt.

This power is not the blood of his own Xiao clan, but it is somewhat like the dragon blood absorbed by himself because he cultivated the dragon **** transformation.

"Get down!" Aware of this Mo Qiang's pressure, Xiao Yan's eyes turned red and he roared, clasping his fingers tightly, a wave of madness permeated.

"This guy has such a firm mind... It seems that the Golden Dragon King also has a premonition of the second world war and the catastrophe of the dragon family..."

"I hope this time, the dragon clan can truly be unified, otherwise the nine dragon kings will govern themselves, and the dragon clan will only be slowly eroded by other weak forces." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, the Dragon Blood Emperor said with relief.

"Creeping!" Xiao Yan struggled for about five minutes, and the pressure was immediately wiped out by Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan's state at this time was also extremely bad, sweating profusely, and his body was full of aura. It was also because of this move that it became weak.

"This... what is this?" After doing all this, the dark red coffin became quiet, but in its inner space, there was a thumb-sized item like a leaf, standing quietly inside the coffin.

It was a rather vague item, but on it, some exquisite lines seemed to have been carved by someone in meditation, exuding endless coercion, quietly permeating the coffin.

"This is……"

"The Scales of Tyrant?" Aware of Xiao Yan's surprise, the figure of the Dragon Blood Emperor suddenly came to Xiao Yan's side, but his voice lost his voice when he saw the items standing inside the coffin.

"Scales of Domination?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked when he heard the words.

Xiao Yan knew that the so-called nine sons born to the dragon were after the fall of the Dragon God, and its power was divided into nine descendants, thus forming the nine dragon kings with the highest status among the dragon clan.

Among the nine dragon kings, the gold and silver dragon kings are naturally ranked first and second. Both of them are the highest in terms of strength and prestige among the dragon clan. In addition, the other seven dragon kings also have gods and ghosts. measured terror.

Baxia is also one of the seven dragon kings, and he is also ranked relatively close among the seven dragon kings.

"Baxia, this guy's body is extremely mysterious, but he appears as a young man all day long, and he is a strong man who masters the water attribute. In the top ranks, as for the scales of this tyrant, I am afraid it has the power of a lot of tyrants and most importantly, if you want to cultivate the third transformation of the Dragon God, you must have the dragon scales of the Dragon King. Only then." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the Master of Soul Eater said.

"It turns out that there is such a secret." Xiao Yan nodded lightly when he heard the words.

"Go!" The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, his eyes became strange, his palm was wrapped with the power of holy flame, and he immediately reached out to the scale of the tyrant.

"You bastard, this is the scale of dominance. Baxia is located in the front of the nine dragon kings in the dragon clan, aren't you asking for a dead end!" Seeing Xiao Yan being so reckless, the Dragon Blood Emperor couldn't help roaring, and after a while , that is, ready to help Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan's palm just touched the blue-colored scale, and a sense of suffocation filled Xiao Yan's body, as if he was dragged into the bottom of the ocean and it became difficult to breathe.

"Crash!" Just when Xiao Yan felt a little powerless, Xiao Yan's "Emperor Flame Ring", which had been quiet for a long time, suddenly radiated a dazzling light, and faint golden lines appeared quietly.

The golden pattern slowly outlines a rather obscure shape, and this shape is directly outlined into an exquisite dragon, like a miniature version of the Golden Dragon King.

"..." With this sudden scene, the scales of the underlord became quiet, and it was easily subdued by Xiao Yan. At that time, the "Emperor Flame Ring" was also returning to peace, but the Emperor Yan Ring, which had been silent for too long, was quiet. , finally at this time, the edge is revealed.