Chapter Vol 4 931: their own minds!

At this time, in the mid-air of the Xuanling royal family, there were as many as eight tyrannical forces, which naturally made many strong people in Xuanling City discover.

"What's the situation?" In the Xuanling Imperial City auction, Xue Qiangwei couldn't help but said looking at the huge scene.

"Master, the Medusa family doesn't know why, but the eight leaders attacked the Xuanling royal family."

"And the Xuanling King and the Dragon-loving Legion don't seem to be in the Xuanling royal family." After a while, a subordinate appeared beside Xue Qiangwei and said respectfully.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, there's a good show to watch now."

"Go on, let our people pack up and prepare to evacuate."

"The sect competition is imminent. It's better that we don't come in the muddy waters of Xuantian Santian." After the blood rose finished speaking, she immediately disappeared here.

"Lord Blood Rose seems to want to take advantage of the three ghost immortals to invade Xuantiantian and rule the Blood River Continent."

"But I seem to remember that there seems to be a holy flame in the place where the sect competed this time..." The voice disappeared immediately after he finished speaking.

At this time, in the mid-air of the Xuanling Royal Family, the eight battle circles, except for Yang Tian and the Snake King, were all at a disadvantage, as if they were about to fail.

"You despicable snake people." Yang Tian frowned and hummed.

"Each and each other." After the snake king said, his eyes softened, and a poisonous gas of destruction emerged.

"Yang Tian, ​​it's time to end." Seeing that the victory and defeat were about to be decided in several other places, the Snake King did not hesitate, his withered palm slightly lifted, and a dazzling force of life and death rushed towards him frantically.

"The old man is not afraid of you!" Seeing this, Yang Tian snorted abruptly, his aura increased to the extreme, and he swept away the attack of the Snake King.

"Bang bang bang!" And when the snake king and Yang Tian were fighting, the other seven battles were fought, and the outcome was already divided!

In the seven battles, except for Xuanyin and Xuanyang who were lucky enough to win, everyone else was defeated.

"Damn..." Yang Tian looked at the attack of the Snake King, and when he saw that the people on their side had failed, they immediately attacked their hearts with blood, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"You lost." The Snake King didn't hesitate to see Yang Tian distracted, and suddenly slapped Yang Tian, ​​and then Yang Tian was instantly hit by the terrifying force and flew out a lot of distance.

"It seems that our Xuanling royal family cannot escape this disaster this time." Only at this time did they know that the Medusa family is powerful!

If it wasn't for the Xuanling King and the Dragon Addiction Legion, I'm afraid the Xuanling royal family would have collapsed long ago!

"Since the matter has come to this, then kill all these people in front of you." The Snake King gave a slight glance, and then spoke.

As soon as the voice fell, there were seven people around the Snake King, their figures skyrocketed, and they went directly to the people below, and a monstrous killing intent emerged.

"It's over..." At this time, everyone below felt a burst of sadness, and then felt the killing intent of the seven leaders of Medusa, and slowly closed their eyes.

"Ha ha."

"The miscellaneous snakes of the Medusa clan also want to kill my Xuanling royal family?" With a disdain, he suddenly appeared from the sky, and then a shocking force of life and death suddenly spread out!

"Crash!" With the appearance of the mysterious power of life and death and the voice, the seven figures hurriedly retreated, and then returned to the snake king.

Because with their perception, they know that the person in front of them is full of danger!

"King Xuanling?" Seeing this, the Snake King couldn't help but say something.

However, the Snake King knew that King Xuanling's aura was extremely wrong right now!

The power of life and death clearly reached the level of fighting immortals. With the addition of a man beside Xuanling King, the Snake King couldn't help but feel a burst of fear.

"The Medusa family is really brave." King Xuanling glanced at the few people below, all of them had scars to varying degrees, and then he said.

"The purpose has been achieved, then let's go too." The snake king said earnestly, and immediately meant to leave.

When Queen Medusa left, she asked the other seven chiefs to listen to the Snake King temporarily, and Queen Medusa also specifically explained that she should not kill the members of the Xuanling royal family, just be a disgrace.

Although the Snake King didn't know why Queen Medusa made such a strange request, he still followed suit.

Obviously, the purpose has been achieved at this time, and it is time to leave.

"Let's go." Looking at each other, the figure of the snake king immediately retreated, obviously planning to escape.

"Humph!"

"My King Xuanling is here today. If you are run away by the eight snakes from Medusa, then my name as King Xuanling will be called in vain." The giant hand directly blocked everyone's retreat.

And with Xuanling King's handwriting like this, the snake king's complexion suddenly became extremely ugly, because he felt a wave of death from the energy giant hand blocking the road.

That kind of fluctuation is enough to explain...

This King Xuanling is also an immortal warrior!

"Douxian..." The corner of the snake king's mouth opened bitterly, and then he sighed.

"Let's go!" But the Snake King also knew that with the strength of the eight of them, they might be able to fight the reluctant King Xuanling, but the price was too heavy.

"Where to run!" Seeing that the eight Snake Kings were fleeing in the opposite direction that was stopped by the giant hand, King Xuanling shouted loudly.

"Give me a shot and catch these guys!" And King Xuanling is already at the end of his force at this time. After all, if he insists on mobilizing the power in his body, he may be attacked. After all, King Xuanling has not yet completed the refining process of life and death. Power to advance to Dou Xian!

"En." After King Xuanling finished speaking, the man beside him slowly got up, like a ghost, and disappeared in place in an instant, and when Zaidu appeared the next moment, he blocked the escape route of the eight snake kings.

It's just that Xuan Cang has done an excellent job, and his hidden strength is extremely perfect.

"Go back." Xuan Cang's eyes didn't have any extra fluctuations, as if a killing machine, he gently said something to the snake king in front of him.

"Bang bang bang!" With Xuan Cang drinking like this, the power of life and death in the body of several leaders suddenly solidified.

"Two Stars Fighting Immortals..." At this moment, the snake king's forehead pupils completely darkened, and a real fear filled his heart.

"Looks like it's about time."

"From now on, these eight guys probably won't have any doubts about my decision." On the territory of the Medusa family, Queen Medusa stood in the air and spoke slightly.

And Shefu also stood aside. She knew that this attack on the Xuanling royal family was actually to help Queen Medusa to centralize power. After all, there were still a few people who were slightly dissatisfied with the eight snake kings, but after this time Their Medusa clan should be more united.

"Kill them for me!" Xuan Ling shouted loudly.

"Die." As King Xuanling spoke, in Xuan Cang's hand, a dazzling flame of fighting immortal power that was enough to destroy the entire Xuan Santian appeared, and then gently attacked the Snake King and the others.

The Snake King and the others originally wanted to escape, but at this moment, the power of life and death in their bodies has solidified, and it has obviously become food for anyone to slaughter.

"One color swallowing power!" Just when Xuan Cang's attack was about to hit the eight chiefs, a voice of the Supreme One slowly resounded through the whole world, and then from a distant place, a green light beam, with the swallowing python The ferocious aura suddenly collided with Xuan Cang's attack!

"Boom boom boom!" After a while of attack, the eight snake kings also disappeared, and Xuanling King could only temporarily give up chasing the eight people, shook his head secretly, and then took Xuan Cang to retreat.

The Xuanling royal family below was at the core, looking at the appearance above the sky, and did not look back.

"We're not dreaming." After finishing speaking, some strong men shook their heads and left.

"It seems that this time, Xuan Tiantian is really going to change." When Yang Tianzhuoli and a group of strong men saw the battle just now, they obviously knew something.

As for the eight snake kings, they were rescued back into the desert by Queen Medusa's power, but all eight of them knew that this time, Queen Medusa would become the real queen in the desert!

I originally wanted to separate two chapters, but I simply put together one big chapter.