Chapter Vol 4 1206: was discovered

The huge means of the four strong men and the ice arrows all over the sky instantly attacked together.

There is a rather evil aura on the Frostbolt, and the shapes are different, but they are as short as a feather arrow and extremely sharp.

"Crash!" The dazzling dark red ice arrow is like a murderous arrow, with an extremely evil aura, it blasts away at the crowd. If it hits everyone, there is no need to doubt it. I am afraid that their strength is even vitality. In an instant, it will be swallowed up by the evil aura above this ice arrow!

"Boom boom boom!" The first one to bear the brunt was the Fengyao Gable of Jade Legacy.

The bow and arrow-like ice arrow directly hit Yu Yifeng's attack, and then Yu Yifeng's bright blue hurricane slowly glowed with a feeling of fragmentation!

"The evil power on this guy is so strong!" Yu Yifeng felt a lot of pressure, and then bit his lips tightly, thinking deeply.

"Captain, and me!" The Thunder Snake was not afraid at all, and the dazzling circle of thunder and fire suddenly attacked the sky full of ice arrows.

"Boom boom boom!" Three dark red ice arrows were stopped by Thunder Snake and Yu Yifeng, but one of them flew towards Xiao Yan and the others.

"Captain, the land monkeys and the others!" Just after resolving the attack in front of the two of them, Razer glanced at the few people below, and found that the ice arrow was slowly blasting away with an overwhelming force.

"Trust them!"

"Razer, we're ready!"

"This guy is very strong, we must spare no effort." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, his eyes suddenly became deep, and even the power of the Wind Element Fighting Immortal all over his body sent out a rather strange and tyrannical force.

"Okay." Thunder Snake heard the words and ignored Xiao Yan and the others, then turned his eyes and looked at the Bing Sin Envoy.

"Boom boom boom." The last ice arrow came silently in front of Xiao Yan and the others, and then lightly hit the second layer of defense.

The first to bear the brunt is the earth-rock shield of the earth monkey.

Without any resistance, the evil power on the dark red ice arrow could easily penetrate it completely.

The attack of the three-star fighting immortal powerhouse and the defense of the one-star fighting immortal powerhouse are always too different.

"Puff puff!" As the earth and rock shield was completely pierced, the earth monkey spurted out a mouthful of blood. Obviously, this earth and rock shield cost him a lot of power, and now he is still under the ice sinner, who is as powerful as a three-star fighting immortal. is vulnerable.

He just broke through the earth and rock shield, and he didn't stop for a while. The next moment, he directly attacked the water waterfall canopy on Shuiyue!

"Protect me!" Shuiyue just felt the evil smell on the evil Frostbolt, and couldn't help but burst out!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

He knew that if his defense failed, the situation for the four of them would become quite difficult.

"This attack is a bit strong, I'm afraid he won't be able to take it." Xiao Yan on the side looked serious, and then the power of the flame in his body slowly condensed, once Shuiyue was defeated, Xiao Yan must take action!

"Boom boom boom!" In front of everyone, it was a huge water curtain that resisted the dark red ice arrow, but as time went by, the dark red ice arrow was slowly approaching the water moon!

"Let me come!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan didn't stop, his figure flickered, and immediately above his palm, a khaki flame slowly wrapped his palm, and instantly came to the side of the dark red ice arrow.

"Xiao Yan, be careful!" Land Monkey and Shuiyue couldn't help being surprised when they saw this.

Xiao Yan was related after they entered Icefire Island. Jade Legacy had secretly explained that Land Monkey and Shuiyue must protect his safety, but in the face of such a terrifying evil Frostbolt, this guy actually...

"Bump!" Xiao Yan came to the side of the ice arrow that was about to break through the water waterfall sky, and the palm wrapped by the power of the Fire Heart Tianyan Sacred Flame suddenly grabbed it, and then the dark red ice arrow lost all its brilliance, and then Under the eyes of everyone, it slowly fell.

"This..." The few people who were shocked by this sudden scene couldn't help but look at each other.

"The smell of this guy..." But the ice criminal who was just about to wipe out Yu Yifeng and Thunder Snake fell into deep thought after feeling the khaki flame on Xiao Yan's body. Obviously, the power of the flame made him feel what went wrong.

Sin obviously serves the evil races outside the realm, and searching for holy flame, destroying and suppressing it, is one of their goals. Even if Xiao Yan used holy flame just for a moment, I am afraid that he would have been felt by Bing Sin.

"This kid really has some skill."

"Thunder Snake, do it!" Yu Yifeng said, and the figure moved under the cyan wind attribute Dou Xian.

"Thousands of Thunder Hands!" Razer naturally knew what Yu Yifeng wanted to do.

As a wind attribute, Yuyifeng can use the speed advantage of the wind attribute to approach the enemy, thus performing a fatal blow!

And what I need to do is to buy time for the legacy of jade.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as Razer finished speaking, his palms swelled up instantly, and hundreds of silver thunders were like moonlight, attacking directly at the Ice Sin Guard.

"interesting."

"I'm afraid there is holy flame on this guy."

"Unexpectedly, I lost the information of the undead leaves, and I found another holy flame controller."

"You can't waste time here. This matter must be reported back. After a perfect plan is made, the controller of this holy flame will be obliterated and the holy flame will be suppressed."

"There are only thirty-six holy flames in the Great Thousand Worlds, and every time we lose one, the odds of our alien race will increase by one point."

"Susu, just wait." In just an instant, the Frozen Envoy knew the news that Xiao Yan was carrying the Holy Flame, and then quickly calculated in his heart. After some weighing, he chose to temporarily choose escape~www.mtlnovel .com ~ Evil, where to go! "Seeing that the ice criminals had put away half of the realm, Yu Yifeng still pursued and killed him relentlessly.

"Next time, let's have a good time with you." After the ice sinner finished speaking, the body turned into an ice sculpture, then shattered in an instant and disappeared here.

With the disappearance of the ice sinner, calm was restored here, but everyone didn't notice that in an inconspicuous place, a figure slowly disappeared.

This figure is obviously the tenth soul of the ghost kingdom, and he is also the employer of the Hawkeye team, but they don't know it.

"Huhu, why did this guy suddenly run away?" Watching the Ice Sin Guard leave, Thunder Snake said slowly.

"This guy is very strong. If he really wants to fight for life and death, I'm afraid I only have a chance of winning." Yu Yifeng stood in the sky and said slowly.

"Are you all right?" Not long after, Yu Yifeng and Razer came to the ground and asked the land monkeys.

"It's fine." The Land Monkeys slowly smiled.

"Take a rest, tonight is the time when the entrance to Icefire Island appears, and you must enter it." Yu Yifeng said, and then closed his eyes to adjust his breath.

When everyone heard this, they also slowly adjusted their breaths and returned to their peak, but they all knew that after this guy's battle, Xiao Yan gave them a great shock!

This Xiao Yan is not only an alchemist who only knows how to refine medicine, but even in terms of combat power, he is a pervert!