Chapter Vol 4 940: Welcome to Di Xuan Lei

Three months passed in a flash.

In the three months, nothing major happened in Xuan Santian, except that after the Xuanling royal family announced the death of Xuanling Emperor Xuanxin, they held a funeral. Although many super sects were quite suspicious about this matter, it was someone else's after all. Family matters, no matter what.

Furthermore, this Xuanxin is a strong fighting immortal in the Xuanling royal family. If it falls like this, I am afraid that the strength of the Xuanling royal family will be greatly reduced.

"It's almost there." At this time, in the training room, Xiao Yan sat slowly, and dragged his hands forward gently. On his palms, a stream of dazzling energy poured into it, constantly facing each other. The Black Devil Cauldron transports Di Yan.

At the same time, the Gale Treasure Fruit and Heavenly King Ginseng in the Black Devil Cauldron have undergone earth-shaking changes.

Originally, both of them were solid like rocks, but now, many cracks have appeared on their bodies.

"It seems that three months have passed, so it should be alright." Xiao Yan opened his eyes slightly, and an even larger Emperor Yan and soul power poured out at the same time, and then crashed directly into the Black Devil Cauldron.

"Kacha Kacha!" And with Xiao Yan's blow, the two medicinal herbs that were already full of cracks in the Black Devil Cauldron suddenly made a sound of shattering, obviously they were about to be completely refined.

The first is the Gale Wind Treasure Fruit, which actually slowly turned into a red liquid under Xiao Yan's Emperor Yan, and the red liquid contained a terrifying power, even the power of the soul. Shocked.

Then there is the Heavenly King Ginseng. At this time, the Heavenly King Ginseng has turned into a ball of milky white liquid and floats in the Black Devil Cauldron.

Xiao Yan looked at the two clumps of liquid and took a breath just now, but Xiao Yan knew that the most difficult part was the fusion part that followed.

"The next step is to join Canglonglu to neutralize the power of the two, so as to merge." Xiao Yan thought to himself.

The next moment, Xiao directly took out the Canglonglu and placed it on his palm.

"Go!" After a short while, Xiao Yan flicked his fingers, and immediately the jade bottle containing the Canglong Dew went directly into the Black Devil Cauldron.

"Crash!" As the Canglong Dew Jade Bottle entered the Black Devil Cauldron, the Jade Bottle was immediately evaporated by the terrifying high temperature, revealing a trace of platinum-gold liquid.

"This Canglonglu is also strange..." Xiao Yan looked at the Canglonglu and felt a little strange, but there was no other movement. After all, according to the prescription, the Canglonglu was similar to the thing in front of him.

"Boom boom boom!" At the moment when Xiao Yan hesitated, the inside of the Black Devil Cauldron suddenly became restless, and two completely different dazzling powers emanated from the two clumps of liquid.

"Damn!"

"The liquid refined by Galewind Treasure Fruit and Heavenly King Ginseng seems to know that Canglonglu wants to neutralize the two, and desperately stops it." Xiao Yan felt the restlessness in the Black Devil Cauldron, and said coldly.

Inside the Black Devil Cauldron, Galewind Treasure Fruit and Heavenly King Ginseng exuded two huge powers at the same time, and they stubbornly exposed the Canglong to the outside. As for the outside of the Black Devil Cauldron, it was shaking.

"Isn't this emperor ever seen a storm?"

"Since it has been refined by me, then let's obediently merge." Xiao Yan is indeed a skilled pharmacist. Seeing this appearance, not only did he not panic, but he said calmly.

As soon as the words fell, the majestic soul power in Xiao Yan's body, like spring water, poured out directly into the Black Devil Cauldron!

And this majestic soul power is aimed at the resistance of the Galewind Treasure Fruit and the Heavenly King Ginseng!

"Crash!" Soul power poured directly into the Black Devil Cauldron like spring water. Under the joint suppression of the huge soul power and Canglonglu, the two groups of liquid finally realized that they were not the opponents of Canglonglu and Xiao Yan. , simply give up resistance directly.

"Next, let me fuse it!" Xiao Yan laughed as he saw that the resistance was solved with great ease.

However, Xiao Yan is clear that if it wasn't for his own soul power, refining the medicinal pills this time would not be so easy, but no matter what, it would be good if he succeeded.

"Gulugulu!" The dark red liquid and the milky white liquid were slowly fused together under the neutralization of the Canglong Dew, and the Canglong Lu was also rapidly fading.

"Bang bang bang!" And this fusion lasted for a few hours. Although there were a lot of forks in the middle, they were all small problems that were easily resolved by Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" Just when all the medicinal ingredients of the medicinal herbs were fused, a large black thundercloud suddenly appeared above the sky of the Burning Incense Pavilion!

"What is that..." The first person to feel this situation was naturally Fen Tian, ​​the master of the Fenxiang Pavilion.

Since Fen Tian rescued Yan Chi, he has not interfered in the matter of Fenxiang Pavilion, but chose to quietly recuperate in a courtyard of Fenxiang Pavilion.

At this time, Fen Tian and Yan Chi were slowly sitting in a pavilion when they suddenly saw the rapidly gathering thunderclouds in the sky, but they suddenly spoke.

"With such fluctuations, someone should be refining medicinal pills." Yan Chi glanced at it and found that the density of thunderclouds in the sky was far beyond what ordinary alchemists could summon.

"Could it be that the two guys in the pharmacy are refining high-level medicinal pills?" Yan Chi couldn't help but said.

With his perception, he could clearly feel that the dense thunderclouds in the sky were not simple.

"I don't think so."

"The two old guys from the pharmacy have already gone out to fetch medicinal materials, while the remaining two disciples' medicinal skills are far from reaching this level." Fen Tian shook his head and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Who would that be..."

"Could it be other strong men who broke into our Burning Incense Pavilion without authorization?" Yan Chi worried.

"Hey, I don't think so."

"But I think it's a bit like Xiao Yan's movement." Fen Tian stared at the thunder cloud in the sky with interest and said It's impossible, according to the tyranny of this thunder cloud. Judging from the degree, the medicinal pills refined this time are probably at the second-rank emperor rank, although that kid is very talented, but..." Just as a hesitant look flashed in Yan Chi's pupils, in the sky , and suddenly burst out two figures from below!

Two figures, one with a heavy ruler on his back, and the other, four gods without masters, flashing with extremely tyrannical silver lightning!

"I didn't expect to meet Di Xuan Lei in Zaidu."

"Golden Demon Puppet, **** it for me!" Xiao Yan floated the Golden Demon Puppet in the mid-air of the Burning Incense Pavilion, and then stared at the dense thunderclouds in the sky with his dark pupils, and an indescribable joy was slowly born!

And when the golden demon puppet heard the words, he ignored the three seven twenty one, and his figure exploded, instantly pouring into the dense thundercloud!

"Boom boom boom!" Dixuan Lei was extremely tyrannical. Seeing how reckless the golden demon puppet was, he slashed directly on its body one after another, leaving some small scars faintly, but the golden demon puppet slashed. There was no serious damage, and every time the Earth Profound Lightning hits the Golden Demon Puppet, the power of lightning in the body will increase by one point!

"Golden Demon Puppet is already an existence that can rival the mid-stage powerhouse of the Seven-Star Dou Di. I wonder if it can go a step further after absorbing this earth's profound thunder..." Xiao Yan finished speaking and looked directly at the shocking scene in the sky.

It's the end of the month, tomorrow will start the fourth shift

12/14/16/18 Four time points

A wave of all kinds of tickets