Chapter Vol 4 1774: Both sides shot!

"Good boy, quite good attack power, but unfortunately I met the royal family in our Star Continent." Leaving the green light pattern wall at will, Lin Hai smiled and said, even if Xiao Yan's attack power is extremely strong, but he is also happy Not afraid, not for anything else, just because he is the royal family of the Lin family.

"What's going on..." The defensive light wall dissipated, and the wood properties in the space paved by the forest sea domain were flooded out, towering trees emerged one by one, and countless green leaves on the trees were blowing slightly, as if carrying a With a very special power, Xiao Yan looked at these strange green leaves of trees and muttered.

Just relying on Xiao Yan's soul power, he knew that Lin Hai's wood attribute was different from anyone he had met before, and there should be some secrets about this guy's wood attribute.

"Sir, you don't know, the royal family in the Tianxing Continent originally mastered the power of the stars, and the power of the stars was mysterious and unpredictable. It was the real eternal night method, but the power of the stars was interrupted. I just found some unique cultivation methods related to the wood attribute directly from the many treasures left by the ancient masters. I think the reason why this guy can ignore the attacks of adults should be related to this." Lin Qingwen thought for a while and said, this Even on the Star Continent, the news was considered a rather obscure secret. Except for members of the royal family, it would be extremely difficult for ordinary forces to understand it clearly. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"Don't you?" Xiao Yan suddenly asked, this Lin Qingwen can be considered a member of the royal family, why doesn't he have that kind of aura in his body.

"The subordinates are quite distant, so there is no..." Lin Qingwen said here, ashamed, the so-called royal family is not enough to be a direct line after dozens of generations, the royal bloodline has been isolated too much, although it is also the royal family, but Lin Qingwen's existence is not enough. It is not recognized by Sky Star City.

"Xiao Yan, accept the sanction." Lin Hai suspended above a towering green tree, and said with a grim smile.

"Just let you see what is the real Tianxing royal family and what is the wood attribute."

"Mu Ling, dance!" Seeing Xiao Yan motionless, the corners of Lin Hai's mouth rose, and the green Dou Qi energy in his body was like the force of the ocean, quickly filling the air, and immediately like spring rain, it gently poured the green color of the trees in the field. above.

"Sasha!" After the breath, this green tree turned out to be a very pleasant sound, surging one after another, the green buzzing, and even roaring at Xiao Yan with a hostility, and it became crazy And violent.

"These trees all have life, and their aura has become violent... What a clever method." At this moment, Xiao Yan understood something. Presumably, the reason why the royal family of Tianxing Continent's wood attribute can be far ahead of other regional powerhouses, It should be Lin Hai in front of him, similar to a special method that can bring trees to life.

Life, a few simple words, but the means contained in them are terrifying.

Just imagine, an ordinary tree has no lethal power, but what if there are dozens or hundreds of trees?

Once it is life-enhanced, it has the wisdom to see life, and the aura of violence is added. That kind of offensive is heart-pounding.

"Boom!" At this moment, Lin Hai's breath was a little sluggish, but he didn't need to do it now, the trees in the field were restless at this moment, and then the roots of the trees moved rapidly, and in a blink of an eye, a line was formed. The lightning-like formation formed Xiao Yan's surrounding water, and a touch of depression filled Xiao Yan's heart.

"What a meticulous approach..."

"But you haven't mastered your strength yet."

"Big Heavenly Seed, Scarlet Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" Looking at the rapidly rotating trees around him, every rotation would bring out a suffocating wave, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, waved his palm, and suddenly the red flame was like a volcanic eruption. , swept out from Xiao Yan's body.

"This...how can this guy's fire attribute be so strong?" At this moment, Lin Hai was extremely shocked.

The five elements are mutually restrained, but it exists on the basis of the same strength. The fire attributes like Xiao Yan are no longer on the same level as the wood attributes, so Lin Hai was in a situation of being crushed for a while.

"Move the Sky Ruler!" The two kept stalemate, and the rapidly rotating trees slowly slowed down under the invasion of Xiao Yan's sea of ​​fire. Suddenly, a dazzling fiery red burst from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on Xiao Yan's palm. Power blesses the ruler, and an extremely tyrannical attack suddenly descends.

"Mu Lingyu!" Seeing that he couldn't stop Xiao Yan's attack, Lin Hai could only use all his strength for defense.

"Die!" This time, Xiao Yan's heavy ruler personally pierced through his defense and came to his side in an instant. The tip of the ruler touched Lin Hai's forehead, and just by waving it, he could completely obliterate him.

"Haha... such a vicious boy."

"The first time I came to Tianxing City, it was because I had such murderous intentions towards the children of the royal family. Let me arrest you and send you to the Tiansha Mountains to purify your soul." Just when Xiao Yan was about to kill Lin Hai, A soft voice carried an extremely terrifying power, and it filled the air.

"Old Lin?" At this moment, Lin Qingwen's face became really solemn.

Others don't know who the white-haired old man in front of him is, but he is very clear.

Among the elders of the Tiansha Mountains, Lin Tianyuan, although he is old, his strength is a genuine Seven Star Fighting Immortal, and he is Lin Feng's true confidant.

"Kacha." Old Lin raised his palm, and green vines appeared out of nowhere, only binding Xiao Yan.

"Old Lin, kill him!" At this time, Lin Hai's expression also became strange. Just after fighting with Xiao Yan, he vaguely discovered that this guy didn't seem to use all his strength, but it was a pity that he met Mr. Lin.

"Follow me back to the Tiansha Mountains. Your life and death will be handed over to the prince to judge." After doing all this, Old Lin said softly, but the green vines on Xiao Yan's body flowed the vindictive energy around him. Sealed, Xiao Yan at this time is like an ordinary person who has lost his strength.

"Girl, if I don't make a move, I will be miserable." Xiao Yan did not have any fear about this, but said rather calmly.

"Old Lin... This man is the one whom Her Royal Highness the Princess personally named to protect I'm afraid you can't take him away so easily." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the space behind everyone shook, and a beautiful shadow filled the air. out.

The Six-Star Fighting Immortal is complete! !

Although Tianxing Continent is said to be rich in energy, it is much more tyrannical than Xuanling Continent, but there are only a few of the Six-Star Dou Xian and the Seven-Star Dou Xian. After a while, it is because Xiao Yan has drawn out two strong men, which is enough to prove that Xiao Yan is this guy. Powerful vision for both sides.

"Lin Shuang..." Elder Lin shook his head as he looked at the aggressive appearance of the old man.

Although his strength has reached the early stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, Lin Shuang, on the other hand, is a confidant who has been heavily cultivated by the Seventh Princess, and has even entered the forbidden area of ​​the royal family. Therefore, Lin Lao did not dare to completely turn against him for a while. After all, whether it is from talent or words Above all, he doesn't take the initiative. starter

"Let's go." He casually glanced at Xiao Yan and found that this guy was gloating at misfortune, Old Lin said coldly.

"But Mr. Lin, this guy?" Lin Hai said, still not giving up.

He was able to reach the five-star Dou Xian consummation at a young age. Such talent and strength are rare in the entire Tianxing Continent, but in front of this Xiao Yan, he was constantly shriveled, which really made him depressed.

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, the field dispersed, and Elder Lin took Lin Hai away from here.

The error-free chapters of "Fight Breaking the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting, please collect it: () The Yandi of the God of Fighting is the fastest to update.