Chapter Vol 4 1089: Not dead yet?

"Damn!" King Xuanling found out that Yueru had not been completely destroyed by his own attack, and immediately did not hesitate. There were circles of black ghosts, the power of blood-colored evil, and the power of black and white life and death, three kinds of power. Appeared directly, and immediately formed three tyrannical energy barriers on its body!

Even King Xuanling could smell an extremely terrifying power from Yueru's attack.

"Whoosh whoosh!" But no matter what defense King Xuanling did, the silver bow and arrow was still like a world-breaking arrow, and in a short period of time, the evil power above the altar sky was completely driven away!

Immediately, the speed skyrocketed, and it shot towards the direction where King Xuanling was located, as if no one could stop him!

"Block me!" King Xuanling looked at the unstoppable silver moon bow and arrow like no one, and in a few breaths, his attack was completely dissipated, and then he shouted, three strands above his body. Strength is increasing.

"King Xuanling, it's time to end."

"No one can survive under a single blow from the Silver Moon Bow." After Yue Ru issued this blow, her entire body was in a state of sluggishness. Obviously, this seemingly easy bow cost a lot of money.

"I don't believe this king!" Before King Xuanling finished speaking, the silver bow and arrow slowly hit King Xuanling!

"The outermost layer!" At this time, the silver bow and arrow came ten meters away from King Xuanling, and the speed suddenly slowed down.

Because King Xuanling is outside his body, a barrier of ghost energy is set up at ten meters, a barrier of power of evil is set up at five meters, and a barrier of power of life and death is set at three meters!

"Pfft!" When the outermost ghost barrier was not able to stop the silver bow and arrow for a few breaths, it shattered with a click!

And as the outermost barrier was broken, King Xuanling's complexion became ugly, and the silver bow and arrow, however, increased in momentum, attacking the second barrier of King Xuanling.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Hold me up!" King Xuanling looked at the silver bow and arrow for a moment, then came to the second floor, and couldn't help roaring.

"Shabu Shabu!" The second layer of barriers seemed to collapse faster than the first layer!

Because among the silver bows and arrows, there have been many suppression of the evil power of foreign evil races since ancient times. King Xuanling's use of evil power as a barrier is tantamount to sending death!

"The last floor!" The eyes of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying below all became heavy!

Because they knew that whether the silver bow and arrow could injure King Xuanling, it was up to them this time!

"Crash!" A circle of even more terrifying power of life and death was constantly vented from King Xuanling. Obviously, he had learned to be smart at this time, and the ghost energy and evil power in his body were unable to resist the silver bow and arrow. Divine power, only the power of life and death cultivated by oneself!

"Weng Om!" The silver bow and arrow were quite terrifying at first, but after breaking through the two barriers one after another, their aura greatly diminished, and even when resisting the last layer of King Xuanling's defense, there was a feeling of powerlessness!

"Hahaha!"

"You are finished!"

"I not only want to swallow the holy flame, but also swallow you all!" King Xuanling felt the sudden weakening of the power in the silver bow and arrow, and then laughed wildly!

"Alas..." And seeing this scene, Long Yi Xiaoyi and Mu Yingying shook their heads, obviously such a tyrannical attack was useless.

"It's not over yet, you can't give up!" When Yueru saw this scene, a dazzling power of the bright moon poured out on the silver bow and arrow.

"Kacha!" The next moment, an astonishing crack opened slowly from above the barrier of King Xuanling's life and death!

"How is that possible!" And the ecstasy of King Xuanling just now completely solidified at this moment, and his face became like an ice cube!

In the face of Fairy Moon's relic, the attack from the silver fairy bow, even the Xuanling King, has to pay attention!

"Impossible, impossible, impossible!" King Xuanling stared three meters away from his body, and the black and white barrier of life and death became more and more obvious, and he kept roaring!

"King Xuanling, it's time to end!"

"Silver bow and arrow, the power of destruction!" And seeing this scene, Yue Ru's heart was also relieved, and she let out a coquettish anger, and then the silver bow and arrow directly broke through the black and white barrier of life and death of the Xuanling King, hitting the Xuanling King heavily!

At this moment, among the huge crowd of Nine-Star Dou Emperor and Eight-Star Dou Emperor that Long Yi and Xiao Yi had to deal with, a figure suddenly swept towards King Xuanling, and the speed was so fast that Xiao Yan and the others did not Discover!

"Boom!" When the silver bow and arrow hit the Xuanling King, in the center of the altar, a doomsday light slowly radiated from the center of the explosion.

The energy ripples generated by its explosion could easily kill some weak human powerhouses.

The shocking explosion lasted for about three minutes. During the three minutes, King Xuanling's breath was stagnant to the extreme. No one noticed it, as if he had completely fallen!

However, Xiao Yan felt the pure fluctuations on the ghost-faced, soul-flavored Saint Yanjing three minutes after the explosion. Obviously, the Xuanling King was seriously injured even if he did not die. Because of this appearance, it was a trace of the blood demon causing the remaining power to be completely wiped out. !

From now on, this ghost face soul flame is Xiao Yan's thing, and Xiao Yan is quite happy.

"Huh... It's finally over!" After a while, Yueru slowly put away the short blade and the Yinyue Immortal Bow, and then walked towards the land of the altar below.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright..." As soon as she arrived on land, Yueru returned to her lively and cheerful appearance.

"I'm fine." Xiao Yan said immediately after seeing Yueru being so arrogant.

"These are..." Yue Ru heard the words, and immediately turned her gaze to the three figures bound by the three evil pillars beside her.

"This is..." Xiao Yan was fooled by Yueru's question. He couldn't just say that this is my wife like he told Mu Yingying before.

"I'm Xiao Yan's wife." Cai Lin also glanced at Yue Ru, and found that this woman was not only of outstanding strength, but also had a face that could be called Shuyue Shaohua, so she hurriedly swore an oath of sovereignty.

"I'm Xiao Yan's partner." Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly.

"Wife?" Yueru's smile just now fell silent after hearing Cailin's cold words.

The word wife has already expressed too much.

"Sorry, I should have told you about this earlier..." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he nodded secretly, and then apologized.

"But... you clearly..." Yue Ru could not help digesting such a huge amount of information in a short period of time, she pointed at Xiao Yan with her jade hand, and a touch of sadness appeared in her heart.

"It's not right..."

"Although Fairy Moon's Silver Moon Immortal Bow is tyrannical, I'm afraid it doesn't have the ability to kill King Xuanling with a single blow..."

"And if you kill the Xuanling King, these people should return to normal..." The Soul Eater Lord on the side looked at Xuan Cang and the next strong men without any change in their expressions, with a touch of fear, It poured into my heart, and hurriedly shouted: "Xiao Yan, be careful, Xuanling Wang Hai is not dead!"

"Little chops!"

"Give me death!" The Soul Eater Lord's voice had not yet fallen. When Yueru fell into a sluggishness, a voice like a deadly King of Hell slowly resounded through the entire altar!

Immediately, an incomparably huge black chain suddenly strung out from under the land of the altar, and then slammed away at the four gods and no masters Yueru!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Be careful!" And Xiao Yan paid attention to every move around the altar the whole time. Seeing that the chain had just appeared, it was too late to save Yueru. The figure fell towards Yueru and pushed her hard to send Yueru away from the chain. attack range.

And Xiao Yan did this for Yue Ru's safety, and was directly hit by the chain.

It's just that Xiao Yan's pupils saw two overlapping figures at the place where the sky exploded before!

Headache

Tomorrow or two days, it will be over before 1200 explodes