Chapter Vol 4 2191: The status quo of the Fire Spirit 1 family!

"Huhu... It seems that I still underestimated the blessings of Fen Jue and Sheng Yan."

Feeling such a fierce defensive force, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say with joy.

Now that Fen Jue has only successfully cultivated the first level, he has such terrifying power. If it is the second level, what about the third level or higher?

The first realm of Fen Jue burned the foundation, allowing Xiao Yan's body to get the most powerful distraction, and the change on his body was completely a gift. Even so, this terrifying increase was only second to the Dragon God Transformation.

"Guru."

The elf man Sear looked very solemn. Seeing that his terrifying attack did not break through Xiao Yan's defense, his eyes became more and more cold.

"Ice spirit...spiritual power!"

Anger and murderous intent surged together, and bursts of fierce and cold mist emerged from Searle's hands, which immediately formed a cold handprint, and gradually a cold wind burst into the void, slowly taking shape.

"What kind of power is this?"

"Different from the power of ordinary eight-star fighting immortals, is it not the power of reincarnation that is worthy of stepping into reincarnation?"

Xiao Yan stared at the cold seal on Searle's palm, the corners of his eyes suddenly wrinkled, the feeling was extremely special.

The seal of cold took shape suddenly, and Xier suddenly pushed Xiao Yan, and the handprint of ice with a size of hundreds of meters, accompanied by a whistling cold mist, rose into the sky!

"Boom!"

The cold handprints raged towards Xiao Yan, the void became quiet along the way, and countless cold flakes appeared strangely from the void, as if the entire space was frozen!

"Give me death!"

Searle and Aisha stood quietly in the distance, looking at the power of ice in the void, the former couldn't help sneering.

"Master Xiao Yan!"

Seeing this, Jiuxin hurriedly shouted, and brown flames appeared all over his body, trying to rescue Xiao Yan, but unfortunately his strength was too different from Searle, and he was destined to be unable to help Xiao Yan.

"It seems that this elf family does have some confidence."

Xiao Yan's eyes became indifferent, feeling the chilling breath in front of him, he sneered.

"Holy Flame Armor!"

"Holy Fist!"

The amber flame slightly overflowed from the body, and immediately bathed on Xiao Yan's fist, like a layer of colorful gems, extremely gorgeous.

The fire-type bucket core was contained, and the overwhelming terrifying flames burst out directly from Xiao Yan's body, emitting in the void, vaguely confronting those ice powers!

The majestic power of ice and flame attacked together in an instant, and the entire void swayed and swayed, as if it would collapse completely at any time.

"Whoa!"

Although the Frost Handprint is only a hundred feet in size, the mysterious power of the ice elf Cyr is poured into it. The lines of light are extremely mysterious, absorbing all the power in this void.

As for Xiao Yan, with the blessing of amber holy flame on the fist, the whole fist looked unusually rough and fierce, and then the fist suddenly flipped upwards, instantly pressing against the imprint of the ice, and the aura was like a meteorite that made one's heart palpitate.

"Crack!"

A burst of terrifying shattering sounds slowly swept out. Suddenly, on the seal of ice, on the countless cold lines, faint cracks appeared, and crisp sounds emerged. On the other hand, Xiao Yan's holy flame fist appeared. , the power of the flame does not decrease but increases.

"This kid!"

Seeing this scene, Sear couldn't help but get nervous. Xiao Yan stopped him several times, and he could feel that Xiao Yan didn't seem to be using all his strength.

"ended."

Before Aisha and Sear could make a move, the core inscription in Xiao Yan's body rolled, and a green energy formed a full 80,000 core formations, imprisoning the void of the two bodies.

The green pattern is looming, like huge stone pillars, tengman and other things, and there is still the suppression of amber flame power. .

"Gulu... Lord Xiao Yan?"

Seeing such a scene, Jiuxin's eyelids jumped violently, and his face became extremely strange.

"You two, the abacus is good."

After doing all this, Xiao Yan put away the power in his body, and immediately approached them slowly.

"Boy, what are you doing?"

Although his body was bound by the power of Xiao Yan's formation, Searle took one step forward and blocked Aisha's side with difficulty, staring at Xiao Yan with serious eyes.

The attack just now really made him underestimate the enemy, but Sear also knew that the strange flame on Xiao Yan's body and such a tyrannical body were enough to make up for the difference in strength between the two of them and defeat him in his hands. , no loss.

"Go away!"

Xiao Yan didn't have time to waste time with this stupid big man. With a wave of his hand, the patterned beam of light viciously shot him back dozens of meters.

"Your name is Elsa?"

"People from the western tribe of the fire elves?"

Xiao Yan walked over to Aisha, with an arrogant smile on the corner of his mouth.

"So what?"

"If you dare to touch me, my sister will not only let you die without a burial, but your friend will also be implicated by you."

"Our fire elves are not a race that a mere outsider like you can compete for inheritance!"

The elf girl Aisha was covered and entwined with energy, which was indescribably lovely, but before the blushing on her little face subsided, she roared at Xiao Yan, and the pride in her words was extremely obvious.

Xiao Yan walked towards the elf girl step by step, but the cold killing intent on his body was a real energy, suppressing Aisha's breath and becoming dignified.

"Whoa!"

"I hate your high-spirited attitude the most in my life."

"Even if you are a fire elves, what should you do?"

"If anything goes wrong with my brother Xiao Yi among your fire elves, I will wipe out your entire race."

Xiao Yan stretched out his palm, directly opened his hand and grabbed Aisha's chin, and immediately lifted it up, revealing an extremely delicate face without any concealment.

Those perfect looks and faces are different from human beings. They have both the vigor and beauty of human beings and the noble elegance of the elves.

"you!!!"

Aisha was frightened by Xiao Yan's actions, and she didn't respond for a long time. Obviously, the terrifying killing intent on Xiao Yan's body made her arrogance calm down, and even her body trembled slightly.

From childhood to adulthood, no one dared to do such a thing to himself!

"Aisha is a noble being of the fire elves family in the western tribe. Although her strength is only the Eight Star Dou Xian who touches reincarnation, her elder sister is the most tyrannical being in the western tribe."

"Alice, a reincarnation step."

"But for other information, there is no way for the subordinates to investigate. After all, the defenses of the Western tribe are extremely strict."

Jiuxin walked over and told Xiao Yan the little information he knew.

"Is it Elsa..."

"Tell me what you know about the Western Tribe, or else..."

"Otherwise I wouldn't mind doing some frivolous things."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he cast his eyes on Aisha and scrutinized her from head to toe, but soon Xiao Yan's normally calm face changed very obviously, as if he was attracted by something. There was a hint of other charm in his eyes.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: