Chapter Vol 4 894: Reimu's wife?

"Dong dong dong!" There were three soft knocks on the door, and then a figure slowly appeared outside the bamboo building.

"My lord..." The servant girl inside saw that Princess Xuan didn't take medicine and was at a loss when this lord happened to come, and it was considered a relief for her, so she immediately went to open the door.

"Xiaoqing, thank you for your hard work, let's go down first." The man walking towards him said a little, and immediately took the potion from the maid's hand.

"Yes." The maid saluted the man gently, and then immediately exited.

This bamboo building is hidden in the waterfall, few people will find it, and only Princess Xuanmuqing lives here.

"Princess Xuan..." The man watched the maid leave, took a slight step forward, and said.

"Xuanyin, Xuanyang!"

"When will your two brothers let me out?" The slender woman saw the maid leave and stood up to face the man, but her face was extremely pale, and she said to the man with anger.

Xuanyin and Xuanyang are the two people who were just at the bottom of the river.

The two are brothers, although they have nothing to do with the Xuanling royal family, but when they were about to die, it was King Xuanling who rescued them, and King Xuanling raised the two at a great cost, so the two came together. Falling down here to guard the fourth floor of the underground palace for King Xuanling, and secondly, it is also to protect this Princess Xuanmuqing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Xuanyin, eldest brother, a nine-star Dou Di with a change of strength!"

"Xuanyang, brother, the strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor is complete, and he is only one step away from the nine-star Dou Emperor!"

"Princess, why are you so troubled..." The person who came was his younger brother Xuan Yang.

Xuan Yang, who was dressed in blue and had a rather well-proportioned figure, said with a smile on his face.

"What do I think you don't know?"

"My diseases are all caused by him. If you want to cure my disease, let me go and find him..." Xuan Mu's eyes were slightly filled with tears, thinking of the two in the arms of the powerful man the next day. Little girl, she is in great pain!

As a parent, how can you not be around your daughter?

"Princess, it's not really your big brother's fault. If King Xuanling didn't say that you had an accident when you were giving birth, and then faked a scene to deceive everyone in the Fenxiang Pavilion, I'm afraid..." Xuanyang said slowly.

"But…"

"How heartbroken he will be when he hears the news of my death..." At this moment, Xuan Mu's mind was filled with that figure!

That figure, is the current Fenxiang Pavilion's Hall Master Ling Mengsheng!

Ling Mengsheng was not at Xuan Muqing's side when Xuan Muqing gave birth to Ling Xuan because of the mission of Burning Incense Pavilion. The Ling Xuan and the dead Xuan Mu leaned their bodies.

Although Reimu Sheng never believed that it was a fact, the fact was in front of him and he had to admit it!

"Princess, when you were giving birth, you were infiltrated by that **** thing. King Xuanling was for your own good."

"Ling Mengsheng is jealous of the power of evil. If he knows about this, I'm afraid..." Xuan Yang continued.

"Yep."

"Too."

"Mengsheng is always a stubborn temper." Xuan Mu heard the **** thing Xuan Yang said, and immediately couldn't help stroking his white forehead.

At this moment, a conspicuous bloodstain slowly appeared on the forehead.

In the bloodstain, there is an extremely evil aura. That aura is different from the ghostly and eerie aura, but it is like an alien race, extremely evil!

If Xiao Yan were here, he would have found out that it was a blood curse!

Moreover, the power of this blood curse seems to belong to the blood demon family!

"Princess, King Xuanling wants to see you." After a while, seeing Xuan Muqing calm down slightly, he spoke immediately.

"Brother Emperor?"

"Why is he looking for me?" Xuan Muqing was surprised at this moment.

Back then, when he was engulfed by the **** blood curse, even his own imperial brother had no choice, so he faked the fact that he died in childbirth. It's more than twenty years!

"I don't know, but it should be related to the blood curse on your body." Xuan Yang also knew something about the blood curse.

Based on the relationship between the two brothers and King Xuanling, it is naturally not difficult to guess that the cooperation between King Xuanling and the foreign evil race is largely to solve this blood curse!

Although the blood curse of the alien race can give them a lot of great power, every time it is used, it will intensify and devour their human nature. The murderous tool of the evil race.

Therefore, King Xuanling's abandonment of cooperation with the ghost world and the soul clan should be related to the blood curse.

"Is this statement true?" Xuan Muqing heard the words, and immediately cheered up twenty percent!

As long as he can solve the blood curse in his body, then his imperial brother will no longer stop him from finding Reimu!

When he thought of seeing his lover and daughter, Xuan Muqing's pretty face filled with a smile.

"Let's go!" At this time, Xuan Muqing was probably rushing to drink the potion, and then headed outside.

"Go!" Seeing this, Xuan Yang followed directly!

"According to what eldest brother said, the purpose of these people should be the princess, and there is one person who looks very similar to Lingmengsheng."

"So they must not be allowed to succeed." After Xuan Yang finished speaking, a burst of dazzling vitality emerged from his body, and then he wrapped Princess Xuan Muqing.

"Xuanyang, what are you doing!"

"I'm the princess!" Xuan Mu said angrily when he saw this.

For more than 20 years, I have been in the bamboo building all day long. If I didn't have hope in my heart, I am afraid that I would have been close to collapse!

"Princess, I..." Xuan Yang couldn't refute either, so he could only put away his life force. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"I've been in the Bamboo Building for more than 20 years, and now I finally have the opportunity to go out and get some fresh air. I won't give you this?" Xuan Muqing's pale face was extremely displeased.

"Small dare not." Xuan Yang could only say helplessly, and immediately followed.

However, at this time, Xuan Muqing and the others came towards the exit of the waterfall, while Fen Tian and his party were slowly floating at the top of the huge waterfall in the sky, trying to find the entrance of the waterfall.

"Have you found it?" Zhu Jin seems to be extremely bad at water, so even if he uses his strength to float at the mouth of this turbulent waterfall, there is no sign of doing anything.

"Not yet." Fen Tian shook his head and said.

I don't know why, but this waterfall seems extremely strange, giving Fen Tian a feeling of being unable to see through.

"Neither do we." The two elders of Heaven and Earth also said helplessly.

"I don't have it here either." Qing Lao and Mu Xuzi said at the same time.

"I'll go down and have a look." Reimu Sheng heard the words, nodded secretly, and then headed towards the bottom of the waterfall.

And just when Reimu Sheng had just descended into the middle of the waterfall, an unpleasant voice sounded instantly.

"Xuanyang, this idiot!"

"How can you take the princess out of the front exit!" Xuan Yin, who was floating at the bottom of the river, said directly.

"What is that..." Reimu Sheng descended into the middle of the waterfall and seemed to stop, then stared at a stream in the middle of the waterfall, as if something was about to appear!