Chapter 18: Go to Yue's house and meet the enemy halfway!

"Ah? You're leaving so soon?" Yue Ru was a little worried just now, but her mood wasn't better, but when she heard Xiao Yan say this, she couldn't help but couldn't believe her ears.

"Yes, I also passed the assessment. There is no way to refine the medicinal pills in a short period of time without the magic core in the medicinal materials. Besides, you also said that your father's time is running out, so I just went to see it first, and take advantage of the time now. Click to complete the transaction." Xiao Yan explained.

"President thank you, we'll go first." Yue Ru was obviously a little happy because of Xiao Yan's refreshing just now, so she said goodbye to President Bai Su and took Xiao Yan and the others out of the association.

"Pay attention to safety on the road. Qingcheng is not a peaceful time. I wish your father a speedy recovery." President Bai Su said with concern.

"Then I'll borrow the president's words." After Yueru responded, she took Xiao Yan and the others and disappeared from Bai Su's field of vision.

There are three major forces in Qingcheng, the Alchemist Association, the Yue Family and the Lei Family. The Alchemist Association has always maintained a neutral relationship. The relationship between the other two is also harmonious, and they develop together in Qingcheng. There has been little friction in these years.

The three of them were walking in the downtown, and Qing Yuan was walking on the road looking left and right, like a curious baby. Yueru obviously found Xiao Yan, and the fire elf owned by Xiao Yan should be able to save her father. Walking on the road, she was very excited. After so many searches, she finally found it! Xiao Yan also shook his head and walked straight up, following behind them to prevent accidents.

"Hey! Be careful!" Xiao Yan hurriedly stepped forward and grabbed Yue Ru, who was about to bump into someone else.

"Aren't you blind without eyes? Dare to hit us?" A few people behind a man in black said viciously.

"Big brother, these two girls are so beautiful and beautiful, why don't you catch them back..." After a few words of ridicule, he realized that Yueru and Qing Yuan in front of them were a bit beautiful, and couldn't help but think of something wrong.

"One more thing is worse than one less thing. The most urgent thing now is to go back first, this is not good!"

"Anyway, we've done so much, and there's no shortage of this time." The eyes of the men behind the man in black looked at Yueru and Qingyuan with fiery eyes, as if they had already thought of something, and their faces were extremely wretched.

"Alright then, let's fight quickly!" The man in black was also helpless, and then a scroll-like thing was instantly crushed, and a space that was isolated from the world came quietly!

"Bang bang bang!" The two followers attacked Yueru and Qing Yuan respectively, and their grasp seemed to be compressed by the slightest air, trying to take it down in one fell swoop!

"One-star Dou Di?" Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering to himself, looking at the strength of the two.

Xiao Yi instantly emerged from Xiao Yan's body and stabbed at the man who attacked Qing Yuan and Yue Ru. The terrifying temperature actually burned the two men into nothingness! Well deserved!

This flame is so terrifying!

"Hahaha! This flame is really strange. I think it is not an ordinary thing, so I will accept it unceremoniously!"

The man in black didn't notice Xiao Yan at first, following the two women, they were usually followers, and they couldn't be too powerful, so they didn't pay attention, but now Xiao Yan summoned fire Elf, this is different. Although the man in black did not recognize that this is a fire elves, this kind of heaven and earth wonders are hard to come by, and everyone wants to get them, and some even want to get this kind of thing. You can also do anything.

"Since Liangzi has been forged, then don't leave." The man in black slowly took off his cloak, revealing his original appearance.

It exudes an evil aura. Looking closely, the white hair is obviously caused by cultivation, which makes people feel a little uneasy.

The terrifying and evil aura emanated from the man in black in circles, making Xiao Yan feel a little numb!

"This aura should have reached the consummation of a three-star Dou Di." Xiao Yan said slowly looking at the aura emanating from the man in black in front of him.

"I'm sorry to cause you trouble, I'll stop him later, you run away, you still have a fire spirit on your body, you are the most important person to save my father, I will protect you even if I die!" Yue Ru Yue frowned, bit Bei's lips lightly and said seriously to Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry, since I promised you, I won't break my promise. Besides, I don't have the habit of hiding behind women." Xiao Yan looked at the stubborn Yue Ru and comforted him. What about the man in black with the perfect emperor?

"After the last words are explained, you can die! Don't worry, after you die, I will cut you with a thousand swords and take out the fire elf. I will also love these two female companions by your side, hahaha!" The man in black laughed.

In the small enclosed space of the man in black, unless it is a four-star Dou Di, it is impossible to break through this space, and fighting in this space has some enhancement to the man in black himself, and it is also a great strength to Xiao Yan. The weakening, this is the roar of fearless!

"The corpse turns into a bone hand!" The man in black launched an attack on Xiao Yan! A palm attacked Xiao Yan with extreme speed, and the palm exuded incomparably evil power, as if there were some huge palm phantoms looming in the palm!

"Great Heaven's Fortune Palm!" The terrifying Heaven-level fighting skill was instantly displayed from Xiao Yan's hands!

With their palms facing each other, the evil and uncomfortable aura on the "Bone Demon Hand" merged with the strong aura on the "Great Heaven's Fortune Palm"!

"Boom boom boom!"

Violent energy ripples came round after round. Although the palm-to-hand with Xiao Yan just now seemed ordinary, people with discernment had already seen that Xiao Yan, who was helped by a different fire, obviously had the upper hand, while the man in black fell. downwind.

Yueru always thought that Xiao Yan was only skilled in refining medicine. was not enough in actual combat, because many medicine refining masters needed protection in actual combat, but from the battle between Xiao Yan and the man in black just now, Yueru discovered that He was wrong, Xiao Yan seemed to have not only made great achievements in refining medicine, but also did not lose himself in actual battles, so he couldn't help but have different emotions towards Xiao Yan.

"Brother Xiao Yan, this man in black is the murderer who attacked the Mu family!" Qing Yuan vaguely remembered that the one who attacked the Mu family that night was also with this evil aura!

And even though it was very late that day, Qing Yuan remembered all the faces of the murderer, so he could point out this time again.

"It turns out that you are the murderer of the Mu family. It's really unfortunate. Since you also want my flame, let's see if you have that ability! Then don't leave, and stay for the people of the Mu family. Apologize." Xiao Yan heard Qing Yuan's words and approached the man in black.

Originally, she said that when Yueru's business was over, she would go to find the murderer of the Mu family to avenge Qing Yuan's revenge, and then she would fulfill her wish. I never thought that this would save a lot of trouble.

"Why does this breath feel a little weird!"

"It seems to be the aura of the aliens?" The Golden Dragon King and the aliens fought tens of thousands of times, and they were so familiar with their auras that he immediately said angrily!

"Can you handle it?" The Golden Dragon King asked Xiao Yan slowly.

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!"

"Clan Marks, get up!" The terrifying energy ripples slowly calmed down.

"How can it be!"

"Samsung Dou Emperor is complete?" The man in black couldn't help but lose his voice. He still had the strength he had relied on, but in Xiao Yan's roar, he felt a sense of fear!

This kid actually has such a terrifying increase!

​​