Chapter Vol 4 908: Obliterate the remnant soul of Dou Xian!

"It's finally over." Looking at Dong Xuan who had fallen, Qing Lao and Tiandi laughed at the same time.

Just after giving all the power to Lingmengsheng, there is not much power left in the body of the three. If they can't kill Dong Xuan, I am afraid they can only expose Fentian in advance, but fortunately they succeeded.

"Are you alright?" The four of Ling Mengsheng lost their strength, and then landed directly at the bottom of the ancient tree. Seeing this, Xuan Muqing and Mu Xuzi swept in and said while supporting the four.

"It's alright, let's go, get out of here." Ling Mengsheng said, and immediately left.

"The four of you, restore your strength here." Fen Tian's hands directly appeared several high-quality medicinal pills, and then projected them towards the four of them.

The four took it and swallowed it directly, and as the pill was swallowed, the power in the four of them recovered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Although my Death Flame can ignore defenses, it's only against a very small number of unsuspecting enemies."

"Also, Dong Xuan should not be dead." Ling Mengsheng replied with some power of life and death.

"I know."

"Fighting immortals don't die so easily."

"But forget it, if you can kill him once today, you will naturally be able to kill him in the future."

"If you want to completely obliterate Dong Xuan, I'm afraid Zhu Jin and I will need to do it."

"Now that we have broken through the sixth floor of the underground palace, and the seventh floor of the underground palace is in sight, it's better not to expose it." Fen Tian shook his head and said.

"There should be something in this ancient tree..." After a while, the two elders of heaven and earth suddenly said.

"It should be at the top of the canopy of the ancient tree, it should be a good thing." Fen Tian's induction naturally knew that there was a good thing on it.

A few breaths passed, and the power of life and death in the four people's bodies also recovered.

"Someone is here." After a while, the old man suddenly said something.

"The less trouble, the better."

"Let's go, the seventh floor of the underground palace." Although Fen Tian knew that he was only a strong eight-star Dou Emperor level, but now it was imminent to save Yan Chi. As for Dong Xuan and the things at the top of the tree canopy, he could only give up temporarily.

The group looked at each other and left immediately, quietly heading towards the seventh floor of the underground palace. Little did they know that the seventh floor of the underground palace at this time was already a Longtan Tiger Den!

"Where's Dong Xuan?" Fen Tian and his party had just left when a man appeared slowly.

Just as he came out of the ancient tree, he muttered.

"Why are there so many other breaths?"

"Is there an enemy?" The man immediately smelled several different forces, and then opened his mouth slightly.

"No, this matter must be reported to King Xuanling as soon as possible." The visitor was Wen Zi, who just saw Dong Xuan's fall and couldn't wait to check it out. importance is very important.

And Wen Zi just happened to pass by, and this scene happened immediately.

However, Wen Zi did not have the strength to fight immortals after all, so he naturally didn't know that Dong Xuanhai had not completely fallen.

And as Wen Zi left, an extremely weak figure slowly appeared in the ancient tree.

"Damn Wen Zi, who is helping King Xuanling while serving Elder Xuan?"

"never mind."

"I still underestimate the power of the Death Flame."

"I'm afraid this body is mostly useless."

"It seems that King Xuanling must make me a new body."

"Ling Mengsheng!"

"Fenxiang Pavilion, I, Dong Xuan, will never die with you in this life!" Above Dong Xuan's bleak body, a faint soul force slowly spoke.

This soul power is Dong Xuan's last chance of life.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The attack of Ling Mengsheng just now was powerful, but it only destroyed Dong Xuan's body vitality. As for the soul power, it caused serious injuries and did not destroy it.

As for the immortal warriors, as long as they have any trace of soul power or even remnant souls, they can be reborn in other ways.

"Sorry, I think, you don't have a chance." Just as Dong Xuan's injured soul body was about to leave the sixth floor of the underground palace to find King Xuanling, a sneering voice slowly reappeared around his body. sounded.

"Who is it!" Dong Xuan was shocked when he heard that!

Just now, he deliberately suppressed his own breath, and the arrival of the two and Wen Zi happened to force Lingmengsheng and his party back, but another one came!

Through the voice of the voice, Dong Xuan's injured soul could clearly feel that in this voice, there is an extremely huge soul power!

"Rush the messenger." The next moment, Xiao Yan made a direct voice, and then the ancient ruler of the eternal fire flashed brightly on the palm of his hand, and then stared at Dong Xuan's injured soul force with a smile on his face.

And beside Xiao Yan, there was a beautiful and slim figure holding frost and snow in his hand, and he was also staring at Dong Xuan with bad intentions!

Until now!

Dong Xuan only knew what despair was!

"asshole!"

"asshole!"

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Dong Xuan shouted three times in a row, and then spoke directly.

"It just so happens that Uncle Golden Dragon King needs a human body to resurrect."

"Your body in the early stage of Star Dou Immortal is undoubtedly much stronger than the six-star Dou Emperor before me." Xiao Yan finished speaking to himself, with a strange smile on the corner of his mouth, staring at Dong Xuan .

"I fought with you guys!" Dong Xuan also realized that he was really going to fall here today, so he could only say something abruptly.

"Want to explode?" How powerful is Xiao Yan's soul power, this Dong Xuan's soul body just appeared agitated, Xiao Yan knew what he was thinking, and then said slowly.

"Frost and Snow!" Seeing this, Mu Yingying instantly slashed down three sword qi that contained the power of life and death, blocking all of Dong Xuan's retreats.

"Huangquan is angry!" Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then a soul attack suddenly burst out!

"Ah, ah, ah!" Dong Xuan's soul power was already injured, but now he was struck by Xiao Yan again, and he immediately became weak.

"Don't kill me, don't kill me!"

"I can give you anything you want!" At this time, Dong Xuan already knew that he could not retreat, so he couldn't help begging for mercy.

"No need." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the Yi Huo Heng Ancient Ruler flashed with the power of Emperor Yan, and was directly ready to obliterate the last trace of Dong Xuan's soul power.

Dong Xuan's power is of course a one-star Dou Xian, but now that his body is dead and his soul power has been seriously injured, I am afraid that there is no way to deal with a mere six-star Dou Emperor.

"Hey..." Xiao Yan was just about to obliterate this soul power, but the Soul Eater Talisman in his acceptance ring was flashing a suction force, directly absorbing this soul power into it!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Don't devour me!" Feeling the huge engulfing power, the screaming sound just lasted for a breath. This Dong Xuan, who was as powerful as a star in the early stage of Dou Xian, has completely fallen!

"The body of a one-star fighting fairy."

"Good thing." Xiao Yan directly used Sheng Yan to carefully put away Dong Xuan's body.

"There seems to be something on it." After Xiao Yan had done all this, Mu Yingying also held the fairy sword and opened her mouth slightly.