Chapter : Annual summary and update instructions~

Everyone has been chasing books for a year.

2019 is so over~

Sprinkle flowers~

Recalling that there were actually many problems in 2019, for example, I wrote a few plots, lost most of the readers, and did not control the turning points well enough, etc. I simply had so many interesting readers along the way, and they all passed.

Emperor Yan has now completely entered the late stage. The Seven Realms have already found the third, and there are still many pits that have not been filled. It is expected to be completed by the end of this year or the beginning of next year.

First of all, I'm sorry, and the other is rather sad news.

The friends who have been chasing books along the way should know that Lemon was born in a junior college, and now he is admitted to the undergraduate course. In the third year of the undergraduate course, I want to take the public examination. This is also the reason why I took the undergraduate examination.

The national exam will be held in December this year, and the provincial exam will be held in March next year. It is not too late to start reviewing now. Regardless of success or failure, I will continue to come back to write stories after the end.

Of course, I have to say sorry for the update, reviewing life is boring, time and care will be inclined to it, and it can't keep breaking out like this.

However, there is no need to worry about the update. After all, I have not interrupted or asked for leave for more than two years after writing the book. Lemon's character is trustworthy.

Therefore, no matter how busy I am, I will maintain the most basic morning and evening shifts every day. I dare not say anything about the outbreak. Maybe the second shift will last for a long time. When I get used to the boring review life of Kao Gong, I can add more. Bar.

I have walked along the way, thank you for your company, but I also want to become better, and I want to stabilize before graduation, so that I can write stories quietly. .

The last story, let me slow down the pace a little, prepare for the exam, and carefully scrutinize and perfect the last stroke of this prosperous world, so as to draw the most perfect end to it.

The above (ps: I took the train home today and it is a five-hour drive. If there is no inspiration in the car and I can’t write it, it may be updated very late. I signed up for the class and will start the training class tomorrow, and the life of the second-gen animal examination public will begin)