Chapter Vol 4 1315: Evenly matched opponents!

"Hahaha."

"Come again!" Xiao Yan's arrogant laughter echoed in the competitive mountain range.

"Damn." Seeing that his space shuttle had been changed by Xiao Yan using the high temperature of the flame, Feng Yu immediately moved his palm, and the space shuttle returned to his palm, but he didn't use it.

In the arena, a very domineering aura slowly permeated Feng Yu's body. This aura, even an ordinary two-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouse, had never existed before. The aura just emerged, and Xiao Yan felt a burst of scalp hair. Ma, obviously this guy's arrogance is justified.

"Look at the move!" With the emergence of this domineering aura, the entire space was filled with a milky white space power. The claws suddenly swelled dozens of times, and there was a faint sound of bones rubbing, which was extremely terrifying.

The next moment, Feng Yu's figure exploded, swept across the sky with the claws formed by the bending of the palm, and attacked Xiao Yan. The claws containing the power of dazzling space just skipped the sky, and suddenly The sound of a tearing sound burst out.

It was also the first time that many of the powerhouses outside the field saw Feng Yu use all her strength, and they could immediately sense a suffocating wave from the terrifying blow.

"It's really strong." Seeing this powerful blow, Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly, and the fighting qi in his body instantly became turbulent.

"One finger in the sky!"

"Call heaven and earth!" A loud voice emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth without any haste or slow, and immediately above Xiao Yan's index finger, an extremely terrifying energy beam quickly gathered at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"Chichi!" The two figures, under the gaze of dozens of people outside the arena, collided like meteorites, slamming into each other, their terrifying energy fluctuations shook the entire competitive mountain range.

Xiao Yan's huge ray of light in the palm of his hand carried a terrifying sound of breaking wind that moved the entire space, and savagely directed at Feng Yudian. The strength of its attack was the most tyrannical since Xiao Yan mastered the four fingers of the sky!

The low sound of breaking wind slowly exploded in mid-air.

The strong energy ripples were close to Feng Yu's robe, and his face was not moved by Xiao Yan's attack.

"Break it for me!" Baizhang's finger glowed with fiery red flames, which was extremely terrifying, but after meeting Fengyu's giant claws in space, his aura actually weakened faintly.

"Bang bang bang!" Not long after that, the hundred-zhang finger awn was completely torn apart by the giant claws of the Maple Rain space!

"This guy... is really tyrannical." Xiao Yan smiled helplessly in his heart, and then watched the space giant claw attacking him without any hesitation. As Feng Yu chopped up seven hundred zhang-chi awns in a row, he cracked Feng Yu's first attack.

Originally, Feng Yu planned to give Xiao Yan a note of Ma Wei while the giant claws in his space hadn't dissipated, but he thought that Xiao Yan was so experienced in combat that he would mobilize his weapon to attack after displaying his hundred-zhang fingers.

"Pfft." Feng Yu's attack dissipated, he immediately took a few steps back, and then looked at the extremely bright flame aura on Xiao Yan's body.

This flaming aura is more tyrannical than the two-star Dou Xian perfection fire attribute powerhouse that Feng Yu encountered. This is why Feng Yu used all his strength as soon as he came, and he did not want to give Xiao Yan any chance to fight back.

However, the calm didn't last long. The milky white space Dou Qi appeared on Feng Yu's body, and then he wrapped his fist directly and attacked Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan is a pharmacist of the 4th rank of immortal rank, and the general space-based fighting skills are useless to him. For example, the fighting skills of space strangling are powerful, but Xiao Yan's soul power is too tyrannical. I am afraid that Xiao Yan will have the first insight, at best it is just a waste of vindictiveness.

"Seventh level breaking the sky ruler!" Xiao Yan saw that Feng Yu was attacking, he directly lifted the heavy ruler, and chopped it at seven feet, trying to stop Feng Yu's speed.

The two forces collided together, which also caused quite tyrannical energy fluctuations, but the two were still indistinguishable.

"Just with this level of fighting skills, you can't beat me!"

"Space Mirror!" With a loud roar, Feng Yu's claws suddenly bent into an eagle-mouth motion, and then the entire sky was completely shrouded in milky white space. The next moment, countless maple rains appeared in Xiao Yan's In the line of sight, the attacks in the hands of countless Feng Yu are all terrifying, as if each one is the real body, but there is no doubt that being hit by such a terrifying blow, I am afraid that it will not die or be seriously injured.

"Is it a trick of true and false clones..."

"You're underestimating me too much!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then the ancient ruler of Yi Huo Heng stopped in front of his chest, his eyes were tightly closed, and the first layer of energy in the soul realm and inner palace in his body flickered.

"Xiao Yan, fall!" An extremely proud voice filled the entire space, and then the terrifying fighting skills in the hands of countless Feng Yu were also condensed and shot towards Xiao Yan.

"You Mingtian!" A crisp cry slowly filled the entire space, like the darkness before dawn, receding, and then the afterimages of countless maple rains shattered instantly.

"Ah ah ah!" It seemed that Xiao Yan did not expect such terrifying soul power, the attack completed by Maple Rain dissipated in an instant, and a pain from the depths of the soul emerged from the forehead!

"Damn it, **** it!" Feng Yuye was worthy of being a complete powerhouse of two-star fighting immortals. He let Xiao Yan's soul attack become stronger, and only broke his own attack, and he woke up in a trance.

"Xiao Yan Let's decide the outcome with one move." Feng Yu said, as if he was completely impatient after being attacked by Xiao Yan's soul.

As soon as the voice fell, the jet-black space shuttle suddenly swelled up on Feng Yu's body, and it soon became several hundred meters in size.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"With my blood, the shuttle of space!" A domineering aura suddenly filled out, and then in front of everyone's eyes, Feng Yu spewed blood on the jet-black space shuttle. At that time, the space shuttle seemed to have wisdom, and it directly Transformed from jet black to extremely dazzling silver, the silver space shuttle seemed to absorb almost all the power of Maple Rain, with a strong breath, slowly staring at Xiao Yan, under this power, like a two-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouse , there is only one way to fall.

Following Feng Yu's all-out strike, Xiao Yan felt a sense of crisis with his hair standing upright from the silver space shuttle hundreds of meters in size. He knew it. He has been locked into the attack.

An unusually heavy sense of oppression enveloped Xiao Yan, not only because of the space shuttle, but also because of Feng Yu's gathering of all the strength of the two-star Douxian perfection.

"That's what it means!" Xiao Yan sneered, and then the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was tightly held in his hand, and the heavy ruler pointed directly at the imposing maple rain, and a shocking fighting intent emerged.

The next moment, the energy of heaven and earth in this space suddenly became violent, and even the many strong people outside the field couldn't help but hold their breath!

In the face of Feng Yu's powerful blow, how can Xiao Yan deal with it?

. Mobile version update fastest URL