Chapter Vol 4 1790: Count it up!

"Some humans are approaching the death zone, go and see."

"It should be some stupid fishermen going out to fish, or some mercenary groups who are not afraid of death, but don't worry, no matter how many people they come, they will become your best test items."

"..." A simple conversation came out of the deep sea, and the source of the sound vaguely seemed to come from the devil's lair, and the sound alone contained a shocking evil nature.

"Calling me so urgently, is there something urgent?" One night, just as Xiao Yan was about to fall asleep, he was called by Jasmine to the ferry hall overnight. Obviously, there was something important.

"This girl is actually here?" Xiao Yan just finished speaking, looked around, and found that this time, the five members of the Jasmine mercenary group were all there. Their eyes were long and solemn, and it was obvious that something important was suppressing them. On the other hand, Zhang Yu was It's like a quiet person sitting by the side.

"Lord Yanxiao..." Xiao Yan just arrived, and Gu Lao hurriedly got up to greet him.

"Let's get down to business." Xiao Yan waved his hand, walked to his seat by himself and sat down, his eyes became deep.

"Tomorrow, we will enter a special area." At this time, Jasmine stood up first and said softly.

But although the voice was soft, the pressure and anxiety contained in it were hard to hide.

"Is there any problem in this area?" Xiao Yan looked at a few people in confusion.

"The adults don't know, this fast area is called the death zone by the people of Shuiyuan City." Gu Lao also said weakly.

"According to my information, once we safely cross this dead zone, we can successfully reach our destination."

"As for that destination, I'm afraid it has something to do with your Shuiyuan City biting people and those sea beasts who have fallen into madness." Zhang Yu looked at Xiao Yan, but these words were more like speaking to Xiao Yan alone.

"Don't ask me why, I came here with a mission this time, and the destination is the devil's lair. When you send me there safely, I will naturally tell you everything." Looking at the atmosphere at the scene is particularly solemn , Zhang Yu hurriedly said.

Zhang Yu's strength is quite weak, but his identity is special. If he wants to step down this sea area and enter the devil's lair, it is naturally extremely easy, but in that case, he will be shocked by the grass, so he can only rely on the assistance of the Jasmine mercenary group.

"Old Gu, Yan Xiao, let's fight for the last time tomorrow, Ning Ling, you all take care of the logistics." Jasmine originally wanted to question Zhang Yu directly, but after thinking about it, it's okay.

"En." Everyone nodded, and suddenly calmed down.

Time is over, tomorrow will come.

"Boom!" Above the sea, there was only one ferryboat moving staggeringly, and the heavy rain fell directly from the dense dark clouds in the sky. down.

"How far is it?" At this time, Xiao Yan, Gu Lao and Jasmine stood on the deck under the enormous pressure of the storm, Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Under this sea area, there are probably no less than hundreds of powerful sea beasts. If they are trapped here, I am afraid that they will die without a place to be buried. Obviously, the situation is more urgent than they thought.

"The first hundred meters is the death zone!"

"You can't use any fighting spirit in the death zone. I'm afraid only the power of the soul can do it, and a sea beast group behind us is chasing after us..." Gu Lao looked anxiously behind him, and in the rolling water column behind him, there was a The huge herd of sea beasts seems to be intentionally driving their ferry towards the dead zone. Once their ferry is submerged in the dead zone, the people on the boat will immediately become their nourishment.

"You go to the front, and leave it to me at the back." Jasmine snorted softly, and gorgeous armors appeared all over her body, obviously expensive weapons and armors.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the speed of the ferry skyrocketed, the front half of the body was already submerged in the rather calm death zone, and the second half was still deep in the turbulent sea.

"It's so quiet..." Xiao Yan stood quietly at the head of the boat, watching the ferry sailing quietly, there was not even any hustle and bustle around, only the awe-inspiring as if everything was quiet.

It was too quiet, the silence made Xiao Yan a little flustered, and even the water surface in the death zone was forbidden to move like ice cubes. If the ferry was not still running, Xiao Yan would have the illusion that he had crossed the death zone. .

"Did the fighting spirit be completely sealed by a mysterious force... and there are many sunken ships around, I am afraid this is the root of everything." Xiao Yan did not rashly act, but glanced around, the death zone was about 100 meters away. Above the area, large and small residues appeared, but there was no one's breath.

"Tsk tsk... a rather luxurious ferry, the mid-term strength of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, and the power of the fairyland soul."

"It seems that this time, an extraordinary guy has come." Just when Xiao Yan felt that something was wrong, a gloomy voice sounded slowly.

"Who is it?" Xiao Yan was shocked, his eyes glanced over vigilantly, but he didn't find anything.

"It doesn't matter who I am, but I am a little curious about who you are." The gloomy voice sounded, as if it was combined with the sea water in this dead zone, and it was impossible to detect the source of the sound.

"I received a reward, come and see what this so-called death zone is." Xiao Yan sneered, but the soul power in the body, the soul shadow of the fighting soul, and the holy flame are always ready. If there is any change, Will start immediately.

"Magic guard, capture him!" A gloomy voice rang out, and on the calm sea, small eddy whirlpools suddenly appeared one after another, and above the whirlpools, there was an evil aura that made Xiao Yan extremely uncomfortable, as if Like a demon crawling out of hell, the smell is extremely fishy.

"Chichi!" The whirlpool closed, and dozens of humans rushed out of it, but these dozens of people were filled with a blood-colored energy, as if they were being controlled, and they didn't even have any spiritual wisdom. Yan, his eyes were scarlet, he stared at Xiao Yan closely, trying to obliterate Xiao Yan These... are exactly the same as those who bit people before? "These dozens of people just appeared, Xiao Yan swallowed hard and muttered.

"Shabu Shabu!" These guys would not be polite to Xiao Yan. They moved their hands and feet together, opened their mouths wide, and ran and bit at Xiao Yan.

"Damn...these guys are quite strong." Xiao Yan said solemnly, looking at the dozens of men who were aggressive.

Now that the strength of fighting qi is sealed, it is impossible to expose the holy flame, and it is quite troublesome to deal with these guys.

"Forget it, it's better to just do it. I also want to see what this devil's lair is." Xiao Yan's heart flashed with a smile, and he immediately made some resistance, and was directly bitten by it, but It's a pity that these biting guys didn't bite Xiao Yan, these were all blind tricks made by Xiao Yan.

Even if you can't use Dou Qi, it is nonsense to want to get close to a soul powerhouse who is too immortal in the fairyland.

"Bang bang bang!" For a while, as Xiao Yan was easily arrested, several people behind him also understood, and after some resistance, they were easily bound by him.

There are several conspicuous blood-colored holes on everyone's body, but these things are just a blindfold caused by Xiao Yan's soul power, not real damage.

In this way, Xiao Yan and the others were led by this mysterious group towards the devil's lair.