Chapter 528: Make a deal!

"What kind of power is this... It's so weird!" The three-headed water snake's huge body is shared by three heads, but the thoughts of the three heads are completely different!

While the hideous snake head was cracking the pavilion's bizarre restraining power, the small snake head on the side said slightly.

Obviously, Xiao Yan's attack was jointly shot by Long Yi and the Soul Eater Talisman!

Because Long Yi knew that once the three-headed water snakes broke the pavilion's ban, Xiao Yan's situation would be extremely bad!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying power of flame instantly concealed the black energy, but the most terrifying thing about this dragon's breath is not the power of flame!

Xiao Yan knew that with his own strange fire, if he wanted to hurt such a strong person, it would be a fool's errand!

So this time, the dragon breath is just using the power of the flame to cover up the power of the soul-devouring talisman!

Darkness Chencang!

Let the power of the Soul Eater directly attack these three water snakes!

Although I don't know how powerful the power on this soul-devouring talisman is, it can devour even the extremely strange evil energy, and it is enough to deal with the three-headed water snake!

"Boy, no matter how much resistance you do, you will be indifferent... Until I break the ban on this pavilion, I will eat you raw!" A deep voice sounded from the head of the hideous snake!

Although I vaguely felt that this dragon breath contained a very strange power, but with the pride of the three-headed water spirit snake, I did not take it seriously!

After all, no matter how bizarre the man in front of him is, he can't crack the absolute gap in strength!

Under the absolute gap in strength, some intrigues and tricks will become vulnerable!

Moreover, the three-headed water spirit snake has been here for a long time. Because of the water, its defense power is not too much compared to the average Seven Star Dou Emperor, so he didn't care about Xiao Yan's attack at all, and continued to talk about something in his mouth. ...

"This human kid can actually see that we are imprisoned in this lake... But if we only have this strength, it is not enough for me to trust. After all, the thing that binds us at the bottom of the lake is really..." A deep voice The ferocious snake head said slowly in his heart.

"But humans haven't been here for a long time..."

"I remember that the owner here said that if someone comes here and passes the test here, they can go to his mansion..." The tender voice said in his heart and deep voice.

"Do as I say!"

"I want to see how powerful this human boy is..." After the deep voice communicated in his heart, the dragon breath suddenly slammed into his huge body!

Here, it is the three inches of the snake, and it is also the death point of the snake under normal circumstances!

After all, there is a saying that goes well, beat a snake and beat three inches!

"Ahhh!" The ferocious giant didn't pay attention at first, but when the flames attacked his body, he suddenly realized something was wrong!

A wave of fear arises spontaneously!

"Not good!" The next moment, the ferocious giant didn't have time to continue chanting the spell, and the snake's eyes suddenly lowered towards the lake!

At this time, the huge body that slowly surfaced one third of the water had already slowly smelled of burning, like the smell of roasting whole sheep!

Above that body, the power of flames has already been consumed by this mysterious lake, but the strange breath injected by the Soul Eater Talisman is like a trace of indelible flame, black all over, above the black flame breath, A pair of extremely mysterious runes are beating slowly!

"You bastard!" The snake head shouted loudly in the middle, and then his body rioted, sinking into the lake with his huge body in an instant!

Because of the mysterious rune that emerged from this black flame, it actually brought a sharp pain to the three-headed water snake!

Try to use this mysterious lake to extinguish this strange black flame!

"Don't do these useless things."

"This thing, if I didn't take action, even if a fighting fairy came, it would not be able to go out." Xiao Yan slowly sat on the pavilion and said quite leisurely.

Although the pavilion's prohibition was somewhat malfunctioning due to the three water snakes, this did not affect the negotiation between Xiao Yan and the three water snakes!

As for the black flame, in fact Xiao Yan doesn't know why this happened, but Xiao Yan is clear that this black flame is the power scattered from the Soul Devouring Talisman in his hand, if Xiao Yan wants to take it back , As soon as the mind moves, the flame will come back immediately!

If Xiao Yan didn't take it back, I'm afraid that with the extremely strange origin of this soul-devouring talisman, he would be able to swallow the soul power of the three-headed water snake, and then it would slowly disappear!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Humanity!"

"What did you do!" A roar suddenly came from the water, and then the body of the three-headed water snake emerged!

Only this time, the breath of the three water spirit snakes has been sluggish to varying degrees. The one next to it is still tightly closed and has no vitality. As for the other two foreheads, they are already sweating profusely, and they are obviously tortured by the black flame. It doesn't look like it!

Around the body of the three-headed water-spirit snake, three inches from the snake, a black flame slowly burned, but no matter what method the three-headed water-spirit snake used, it could not be extinguished!

"Tsk tsk, what is the origin of this Soul Eater Talisman?"

"Even this ancient alien beast as powerful as the three-headed water spirit snake can burn like this..." Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that the power scattered by the soul-devouring talisman, in just a few breaths, suddenly disappeared. This aggressive and arrogant three-headed water snake taught obediently!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"what……"

"The soul power of these three water spirit snakes is actually..." The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly noticed the strangeness of these three water spirit snakes!

Soul power is the foundation of a strong man!

It can be said responsibly that the strength of a strong person has nothing to do with the strength of his soul!

But a powerful soul force must be a strong one!

Except for pharmacists and some people who concentrate on cultivating soul power Whether it is a beast or a human being, the soul power is above the same level!

So once there is any error in the power of the soul, it is directly related to the source!

Once the soul power goes wrong, it will directly shake the foundation!

This is also why the three-headed water snake found that it could not extinguish the black flame, and said to Xiao Yan angrily.

Because this black flame seems to be eating away their soul power!

It's only been a while, and it has eaten away 1%. If this lasts for ten minutes, I'm afraid the foundation of the three-headed water snake will be shaken!

"Now... I have the strength to negotiate terms with you, right?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan spoke in a hurry.

For someone like Xiao Yan who is always on the cusp of blood, he naturally knew that these three water snakes were just testing whether they had the ability to help them get out of trouble!

"What a brave boy..."

"This king is trapped here. You are the first person who dared to speak to me like this. The others died in my mouth." The three-headed water snake resisted the cannibalization of its soul power and said slowly.

"But at the same time, I'm also someone who can help you free yourself." Xiao Yan did not listen to the three-headed water snake at all, but stared at the latter with a smile on his face.

Ask for tickets!