Chapter Vol 4 886: The second floor of the underground palace!

"That was just now..." Zheng Zhen took Fen Tian and his party into the underground palace, and then said.

King Xuanling does have the gold medal of Xuanling, but with Zheng Zhen's status, it is absolutely impossible for King Xuanling to give it to Zheng Zhen. After all, the token of Xuanling has extraordinary meaning in the entire royal family of Xuanling.

"I know some details of King Xuanling, don't worry." At this time, Fen Tian's seven people naturally returned to their normal appearance, and then Fen Tian said.

When Zheng Zhen heard the words, he was naturally relieved.

With the strength of Fen Tian Dou Xian, he forged a Profound Spirit token, so General Feng, who had the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor outside, would naturally not be able to tell whether it was true or false.

"Pavilion Master, I can only bring you here. I'm afraid you will have to rely on yourself for the rest of the way." Zheng Zhen shook his head and said, not that Zheng Zhen had the intention of retreating, but that before things did not succeed, Zheng Zhen Zhen's identity cannot be revealed. After all, Fenxiang Pavilion spent a lot of money to convince the members of the Xuanling royal family. If Fentian and a few people fail, there is still a way out.

"Well, go back." Fen Tian nodded and said.

"Shabu Shabu!" Zheng Zhen heard the words and didn't stay here for a long time, and immediately disappeared.

"What did you find?" As Zheng Zhen disappeared, Fen Tian asked Zhu Jin.

Of the seven people here, only you and Zhu Jin are powerful, but you have to hide your strength, so it is impossible to make a rash move.

"It's strange, there is indeed some fiery aura here, although it's very weak."

"However, I sensed Xiao Yan's aura." Elder Zhu suddenly shook his head and said, and then looked down, his eyes were on the second floor of the underground palace.

"Xiao Yan?" Mu Xuzi frowned when he heard this, obviously not knowing how Xiao Yan came here.

"Xiao Yan..." Fen Tian was not too surprised when he heard this. He was looking forward to this most outstanding disciple in the Fenxiang Pavilion, even if he was as arrogant as Fentian.

"Don't worry about them, the two of them should have their own plans." Fen Tian hesitated and said.

"But these two guys are the outstanding seeds of our Fenxiang Pavilion today, if something goes wrong..." Mu Xuzi hurriedly heard the words.

The danger in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family is no joke.

"Don't worry, if you don't experience wind and rain, how can you see a rainbow." Fen Tian smiled.

When Xiao Yan just left the customs, all kinds of mysteries about him had already spread to his ears. If he was a guy with extraordinary talent, he would naturally not be afraid of the second floor of the underground palace.

But if it was groundless, it would be extremely difficult to win Fen Tian's approval.

"Go, go directly to the third floor of the underground palace."

"In addition, set a ban at the entrance of the third floor to prevent this kid from going further."

"After all, this guy's strength should only be able to deal with the second floor. If he enters the third floor, I am afraid it will be extremely dangerous." Fen Tian turned his head and said.

"Let's go." After Fen Tian finished speaking, the seven people turned into a beam of light and walked towards the bottom.

And not far from a few people, the figures of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying also appeared slowly.

Gollum!

With a slight sound, a space vortex appeared in that space, and then the figures of Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan emerged directly from it, and then fell down on the rock below!

"What is this place?" Xiao Yan's first reaction was to ask.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan only remembered that he sealed the fighting spirit in that wild place. After the seal was over, all of Xiao Yan's strength was exhausted.

However, Mu Yingying appeared right after. After Mu Yingying appeared, a destructive force instantly came, and at the same time, a mysterious space vortex directly sucked them in, and when they opened their eyes again, they came here.

If it weren't for the mysterious space whirlpool at the end, I'm afraid Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying would be in a very bad situation!

After all, Xiao Yan knew that the strength of the old man who appeared last should be a genuine Fighting Immortal powerhouse!

Fighting Immortals, for the current Xiao Yan, it is tantamount to a disaster!

"Yingying, are you alright?" Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying who was lying on top of his body, touched her slightly and said.

"Liuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuy, Mu Yingying had fallen into a coma, but after Xiao Yan shouted, she woke up slightly.

"The last power..."

"It belongs to my brother." Mu Yingying just opened her eyes, but she said without hesitation!

When the final spatial vortex was formed, Mu Yingying clearly felt a joyful sound from the blue holy flame within her body!

That kind of joy, only the breath of his brother can make him look like this.

"Your brother..." Xiao Yan suddenly said secretly when he heard the words.

When Xiao Yan had completely devoured the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock before, Xiao Yan rushed to the seventh floor of the underground palace because he was promoted to the first stage of the Burning Judgment.

At that time, if it wasn't for a trace of Mu Yingying's aura on him, and being rescued by the person in the underground palace, I am afraid that he would have fallen into the hands of the strong guards on the seventh floor of the underground palace.

So now that Mu Yingying is so sure, then Mu Yingying's brother is basically Yan Chi, who is bound to the seventh floor of the underground palace!

"This place should be in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family." The next moment, Mu Yingying opened her mouth.

Following Mu Yingying's words, Xiao Yanmo glanced around.

Xiao Yan saw that they were now in an extremely huge space.

The space extends in all directions but most of them are some rocks, the rock texture is extremely solid, but they are on a cliff!

And when Xiao Yan looked up, he found that not far from his feet and Mu Yingying's feet, there were dozens of stone steps, and these stone steps lead to the highest point!

As for what was at the top, Xiao Yan didn't find it because his vision was blocked, but with the strength of his soul, Xiao Yan knew that there was something terrifying at the top of the stone steps.

"here……"

"It seems to be a lava world!" Mu Yingying got up slightly, ran to the outside of the rock where the two were, and said.

"The world of lava?" Xiao Yan immediately frowned when he heard the words, and hurriedly followed.

However, when Xiao Yan came to Mu Yingying's side and looked down from the rock under the two's feet, a shock emerged in his heart.

"What a molten world." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

Because what was reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils was dozens of meters below the rock under his feet, and the bubbles of lava continued to emerge, and the temperature was extremely high!

Even some gravel had just submerged into the lava, and suddenly turned into nothingness!

"I don't know what the top is..." The next moment, Xiao Yan stared at the tops of the dozens of stone steps.

At the same time, something in Xiao Yan's body also burst into cheers.

"The Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother?" Xiao Yan didn't know the reason why this thing made such a happy sound, but the reason should be related to the thing at the top of the stone steps.