Chapter Vol 4 1867: 7 Star Dou Xian early stage!

"Crash!" In the hall of immortality, a small figure wrapped by a golden giant, at this time, the pale yellow immortal power slowly rolled and roared, and their power was continuously injected into the burning decision by Xiao Yan. , For a time, Xiao Yan's aura also became completely different from before, as if some mysterious power had been injected into it.

"What's going on with this Burning Jue?" As Xiao Yan continuously conveyed the power of the source of Shengyan into the Burning Jue, Xiao Yan discovered that the Burning Jue did not seem to be that simple.

In the past, Fen Jue, with the help of Sheng Yan's increase, also reached the holy rank, but regarding the six most mysterious and tyrannical realms of Fen Jue, now Xiao Yan is also at a loss.

"The cultivation technique of the peak of the holy order?" I don't know how long it took, until the power absorbed by the Fen Jue Cultivation Technique was saturated, Xiao Yan opened his eyes and slowly muttered, but the area where the Fen Jue was entrenched in the deepest part of the body emerged. The breath of the air made Xiao Yan quite puzzled.

"Don't you have to step into the realm of immortal arts to be eligible to practice the six realms that follow?" Xiao Yan wondered, because now Fen Jue seems to have no other effect besides allowing Xiao Yan to devour the holy flame.

Today, Fen Jue's rank has only reached the peak of the holy rank, and is still one step away from immortal art, and Xiao Yan subconsciously feels that in the last six stages of Fen Jue, it seems that he has not really set foot in it!

Similar to one of the six realms that he cultivated according to Fen Jue before, now with Xiao Yan's eyesight, it is like playing a family, and there is a secret about Fen Jue, I am afraid I have to wait for a hundred years before going to find that Xiao. The guardian of the clan, just now had a glimmer of hope to solve it, but now the peak holy rank exercises are enough for Xiao Yan to squander, and there are still many difficulties waiting for Xiao Yan, so you can't waste too much time here!

Whether it's a century-old appointment or a secret of the Xiao clan, or even a giant like the Holy See, Xiao Yan urgently needs to improve his strength now.

"The next step is that crucial step!"

"Immortal Flame!"

"Immortal golden body!" A rare joy flashed in Xiao Yan's eyes, and he immediately shouted.

"Weng buzzing!" This time, Immortal Flame gently emerged from the Dou Qi Sea, constantly wandering among Xiao Yan's limbs. At the same time, the fire attribute Dou Core in Xiao Yan's body also became Swelling up, a stream of pure energy poured into it uncontrollably from the Immortal Flame Saint Flame Crystal.

"Tear it!" With the injection of the fire attribute, Xiao Yan's complexion was nearly twisted. The pain that penetrated into the bone marrow made Xiao Yan's body tremble and sweat dripped down, but at the same time, Xiao Yan's strength was slowly soaring.

The middle stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals!

...

Six Star Fighting Immortal late stage!

Time is still slowly passing, Xiao Yan does not know how long this kind of time will take, but at least it will take a few months.

Outside, Tianxing Continent.

"Father, the guy from the Holy See..." It has been a few months since Xiao Yan entered Wang Tianya. During this period, the star queen's series of thunderous tactics calmed down all the unfavorable factors caused by the previous catastrophe in the entire Tianxing Continent. , because of the people of the whole continent, there is quite a prosperous scene, but like the fallen seven-star powerhouse, it cannot be resurrected, and therefore the foundation of the royal family is shaken.

In the pavilion, Ji Xuan, Lin Yunshu and Emperor Lin appeared here quietly, their eyes were somber as if they were worried about something. Now the three of them have already mastered the entire royal family. They gathered here, I am afraid they also need to discuss something.

"It's just some small shrimps from the Holy See. They can't investigate the reason at all. It's just that I am worried about some old monsters in the Holy See. After all, the power of those guys is..." The emperor shook his head helplessly, whenever he mentioned the word Holy See. At that time, his eyes and body had some changes.

Although Tianxing Continent has a strong background, its overall strength is nothing compared to the Holy See. The Holy See is a real giant, not comparable to Tianxing Continent, not to mention the existence of angels. .

Ever since the demon Xiao Yan fought with the angel, the emperor only knew the horror of the angel, and when Xiao Yan killed the angel, this hatred might turn into a real grudge in the future.

Now it's obviously time to decide the fate of Tianxing Continent!

If you choose the wrong one, you will be completely annihilated in the long waves of history.

"Father... Do you think Xiao Yan is credible?" Lin Yunshu smiled sweetly while looking at the worried emperor.

"Oh?" When the emperor heard the words, he tilted his head slightly to look at the latter. Even Lin Yunshu admired Lin Yunshu's overall situation and dominance.

"Perhaps in other words, can the Endless Fire Territory grow into a protective umbrella that protects us in the future?" Lin Yunshu said with a smile.

"What do you mean..." The emperor was so relieved by Lin Yunshu that he understood something immediately.

"Although the Endless Fire Territory is weak, according to the information I have obtained, it has the support of the two major realms of the ghost world behind it. As for other powers, let's put it aside, the father of the devil's power also witnessed it with his own eyes. I believe this It's a very wise move by us." Lin Yuner calmly analyzed.

"This is a gamble... If we lose, I am afraid that the Tianxing Continent will be completely destroyed in our hands." There was a solemn taste in the emperor's eyes.

"But the Star Continent is prosperous on the bright side today, but after this battle, one-third of our heritage has disappeared, and we have no choice, don't we?" Lin Yuner saw this, and what she said in Du should be based on reason. .

"All right……"

"Now you are the king of this continent, and everything is up to you."

"This game we took it." The emperor smiled happily.

"Thank you." After getting the emperor's approval, Lin Yun smiled slowly and was able to start doing other things.

Since preparing this gamble with the safety of the mainland as the bet, it is natural to help the Endless Fire Territory at all costs, and the initial development of the Endless Fire Territory was also due to the help of the Tianxing Continent and the Haohai Continent, showing a geometric multiple of growth.

On the other side, in the Immortal Hall.

"Huhu..." With a sound, Xiao Yan, who was sitting cross-legged, suddenly opened his eyes, and an invisible energy ripple spread out from his body. The breath contained in it was actually very different from before!

"In the early stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortal..." Xiao Yan squinted and smiled. It took nearly a month to improve his strength, but fortunately, he successfully passed the Seven Star Fighting Immortal Tribulation and successfully broke through to the Seven Star Fighting Immortal Tribulation. Early.

Today's Xiao Yan, to deal with the seven-star fighting immortal-level Soul Wuji and others, I am afraid that he has enough strength to confront them head-on.

"Next, it's the trip to the demon world."