Chapter Vol 4 973: Xuanling Royal Family 4 Days Congregation!

"what?"

"Will the strong people who participated in the sect competition last time also participate?" Ling Xuan playfully opened her big watery eyes and said incredulously.

As the daughter of the Hall Master of the Earth Palace, Lingxuan naturally knew some things that ordinary people didn't know.

Among the powerhouses who participated in the sect competition last time, the seven people from the Heavenly Palace are among them.

That time, Fenxiang Pavilion relied on the leadership of Senior Brother Yintong to pass all the way, and finally reached the finals, but was defeated at the feet of the Xuanling Royal Family, and even Senior Brother Yintong completely stayed in the blood river. As for the reason, so far unknown.

That time, Fenxiang Pavilion dispatched 400 disciples. Among them, Senior Brother Yintong’s strength reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and among the other disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion, even the seven-star Dou Emperor strong Several, the weakest of the other powerhouses are also six-star Dou Di, even with such a huge lineup, only seven people came back in the end, as for the other disciples, they all stayed in the blood river!

It is not known what secrets there are, but Fen Tian knows it, all of which are obviously inseparable from the Xuanling royal family.

And the seven people who came back this time, since they came back from the sect competition, it seems like they have a debt in their hearts. Even if they practiced hard and finally joined the Temple of Heaven, their strength was still unable to break through the eight-star Dou Di.

Of the 400 senior brothers and sisters, only seven are alive, and the other powerhouses have all fallen into the hands of the Xuanling royal family. Such a heavy price is naturally staggering.

"Master, since that's the case, let's fight this time."

"Since we have this opportunity, what we say is to avenge Senior Brother Yintong and many dead senior brothers!"

"Otherwise, even if I turn into a ghost, I will live uneasy." Yu said slowly at this time.

Although the injuries of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace are not yet healed, they also came directly to the main hall. After all, the sect competition has always been a knot in their hearts.

"Don't worry, let's see what the hall masters mean." Mu Tianyuan naturally knew the thoughts of his brothers and comforted him.

Why didn't Mu Tianyuan want to go again and kill those demons, but his own strength in the hands of those demons was like the power to bind chickens, extremely insignificant.

"Pavilion Master, what are you doing now?" Qing Lao said.

"It really doesn't work, then let's abstain." Fen Tian glanced at Mu Tianyuan's seven people, and found that the injuries on the seven people's bodies were obviously not good, and then said in a voice that only a few people could hear.

"Alas..." When everyone heard this, they sighed in their hearts.

If it is a contest between the new generation, they can rely on Xiao Yan to have the power to fight, and they can rest assured that Xiao Yan will bring Fenxiang Pavilion to the sect for a test.

But if the previous outstanding disciple also participated, then I am afraid it would be troublesome. You must know that the top disciple of the Xuanling royal family at that time had already reached the Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation. Star Dou Emperor.

And now the seven people in their Burning Incense Pavilion are seriously injured, and I'm afraid they won't be able to deal with them. Even if they are not injured, the strongest person is only a seven-star Dou Emperor who is complete, and there is still a long way to go before the eight-star Dou Emperor.

After Fen Tian finished explaining the rules, there was a sudden silence in the main hall.

"Pavilion Master, don't forget me." At this moment, a hearty laughter emerged directly from the main hall, and then walked towards Fen Tianyu.

"And me!" Another voice said.

"Mu Tianyuan?"

"Xiao Yan?"

"What are you doing!" Mu Xuzi looked at the two and couldn't help shouting.

"Pavilion Master, this is the end of the matter, so let's fight once."

"I don't know because of various intuitions, but I always feel that this little junior brother can lead us to victory at Burning Incense Pavilion this time." Mu Tianyuan looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"..." Following Mu Tianyuan's words, Fen Tian and Yan Chi, the two bosses of Fenxiang Pavilion, shifted their gazes slightly, and then stopped talking.

"Then let them have a good fight." While Fen Tian and Yan Chi were thinking, Ling Mengsheng and Zhu Jin slowly appeared and said.

"You...are you sure?" Fen Tian asked.

"If there are seven people in the Heavenly Palace, I have enough confidence to let them recover in a short period of time. After all, I am an alchemist."

"However, I still need some information about the last outstanding disciple of the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan said.

"If that's the case, then I'll trust you once."

"You little guy who created miracles." Fen Tian said with a smile.

"It's up to me."

"In our Fenxiang Pavilion's sect competition, the biggest opponent is the Xuanling royal family. Because the two forces have been at odds for a long time, it is a sure-fire move to start."

"The new-generation disciple of the Xuanling royal family this time, the second brother Qi Haoran and Qi Haoqing, you killed one of them, and the others will naturally fail."

"However, the disciples of the previous Xuanling royal family need to be extra careful." Mu Tianyuan said vigilantly.

"I don't know how many there are?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The Xuanling royal family is in the four heavens." Fen Tian said abruptly.

"Four Heavens?" Xiao Yan said in confusion.

"These four people are probably the most outstanding disciples of the Xuanling royal family. Now, there are four of them. Two of them are at the level of a seven-star Dou Emperor, and one of them has stepped into the level of an eight-star Dou Emperor." Mu Tianyuan said with fear. , obviously these people left him with extremely indelible memories.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Where is one more person?" Xiao Yan could see that The strength of these four guys was absolutely extraordinary, so he said solemnly.

"There is another person, the boss of the Four Heavens."

"The real Eight-Star Dou Di in the early days."

"It is rumored that he once killed a real mid-stage Eight-Star Dou Emperor, and even fought against a late-stage Eight-Star Dou Emperor elder of their royal family."

"And in the last sect competition, I only took a blow from him..."

"Severely injured..." Mu Tianyuan raised his head with some difficulty, and said helplessly in his eyes.

"The Four Heavenly Congregations of the Xuanling Royal Family..."

"I got it."

"This time, let's count new hatred and old hatred together!" Xiao Yan murmured in his heart, and his voice was full of confidence.

"Okay, have ambition."

"Since this is the case, then I announce that this sect competition will be led by seven people from the Heavenly Palace, with Xiao Yan as the main player."

"Do you have any objections?" Fen Tian's majestic voice echoed slowly.

"no!"

"Everything is according to the arrangement of the pavilion master!" At this moment, the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion showed extremely high qualities and said in unison.

And Fen Tian looked at the disciples in the main hall, and immediately felt the grains and miscellaneous grains in his heart, and couldn't help but have a trace of unsightly memories.

At this time, Xiao Yan was also nervously exchanging information with his senior brother Mu Tianyuan, and everything was so orderly.