Chapter Vol 4 1239: Ghost Son... broken seal!

"Boom!" Ice and Fire Island, which was originally very calm, became extremely restless at this time.

"This is..." With this sudden turmoil, the other nine-story guardians and imprisoned villains in Icefire Island all felt that something was wrong.

"The source of this fluctuation... Could it be the deepest part?" A question slowly came out from the prison of wicked people on the third floor of Icefire Island.

"Earth Monkey, what the **** are you doing!" Just when the Earth Monkey had doubts in his heart, the guardian of the third floor directly left his guardian space and came in front of him, shouting loudly.

"Blue-eyed Illusory Scale Flood Dragon, you should take a good look at the first and second floors. Those two guys are much more dangerous to us, especially the guy on the first floor..."

"As for this fluctuation, I'm afraid he sent it."

"Hahaha." Even if the earth ape was restrained, it would let out a roar and laughter that shook the sky.

"Bastard." The blue-eyed phantom scale Jiao heard the words, did not stop, twisted his huge body, and went directly below.

These soul beasts have some relationship with the master of the soul, so they are willing to guard the villains here, but the villains on the first and second floors are paid special attention by other people. If anything goes wrong, I am afraid they will Can't even eat and walk around.

"Golden Feather Bichandie, what happened?" The blue-eyed phantom scale Jiaojiao came into the space on the second floor and directly roared and asked.

"The guy on the first floor seems to be about to break through the seal..." Jin Yu Bichandie fluttered her gorgeous wings and floated in its sea of ​​flowers, staring at the space on the lower floor, and said slightly uneasy.

"Silver Winged Flying Dragon, what happened?" After a while, the guardians of the second and third floors directly broke through the guard space they were in and came to the place where the ghosts were imprisoned on the first floor.

"This guy, I don't know why he broke free of the seal... That seal was set up by the Lord of Li Soul himself, and it is enough to seal the six-star fighting immortal powerhouse. How could this guy..." The silver-winged flying dragon slowly instigated the huge silver-winged, Said floating in the void.

On the first floor at this time, because the seal that imprisoned the ghost son had been freed by him, everyone appeared directly in the guardian space on the first floor.

Originally, the silver-winged flying dragon felt that no matter how tyrannical the ghost son was, he would not be able to break through the seal, but where did he expect that the seal would become vulnerable in front of the ghost son, and before the combination, humans entered the tenth and ninth layers. I am afraid that the reason why this ghost son can break through the seal is inseparable from those guys.

The guardian space on the first floor is a huge mountain standing in the clouds, and in the center of the mountain, the body of the ghost appears slightly. As for the other three guardians, they stand outside the void of the mountain.

"Are you all here..." Ghost Soul took a slight step so that the three guardians could find him.

The three guardians saw that the ghost was full of strange ghosts all over his body. He looked human, with short hair and angular facial features, quite similar to a handsome young man, but the most abrupt one. It is the clothes on the ghost son's body, and there are skeletons emerging one by one. At first glance, those skeletons are not inlaid, they seem to be innate.

"This beast must not be allowed to escape, otherwise, the three of us will not be able to explain to the Lord of the Soul." The silver-winged flying dragon said solemnly.

The silver-winged flying dragon itself has the blood of the dragon family, and its concentration is higher than that of the blood crystal of the earth dragon, and its strength has reached the level of a human five-star fighting immortal, but even so, this ghostly soul makes him feel a chill.

"Hold it down with your hands, I have already sent a signal, as long as the powerhouse from Li Hunyu arrives, this guy can't escape death!" The blue-eyed phantom scale Jiao shouted loudly.

"Illusory Scale Snake Waterfall!" The enchanting snake scales of the blue-eyed phantom scale Jiao suddenly burst out, forming a rain of extremely sharp scales in front of it, and then shot directly at the ghostly soul.

Don't underestimate this attack. As a snake monster, the Blue-Eyed Illusory Scale Flood Dragon itself is not comparable to Medusa's lineage, but it is also a leader among snake soul beasts, and it is even more powerful than its four-star fighting fairy. , this kind of terrifying attack, I am afraid that the average four-star fighting immortal will fall sadly.

"Tianyu Silk Mesh!" Jinyu Bichandie is different from the two of them. She focuses on defense and imprisonment. The wings behind her body are slowly instigated, and then a powerful force of confinement turns into a sky full of light. The net, covering the ghostly soul, if it is covered by this thing, I am afraid that the power in the body will be imprisoned again.

"Flame Dragon Breath!" The silver-winged flying dragon is different from the two of them. It directly opens its dragon's mouth, and groups of silver flames turn into dragon breath and shoot at the ghostly soul!

It seems that the simple dragon breath is the most tyrannical of the three attacks. Because of this guy's tyrannical strength, the dragon breath that he unleashes has vaguely reached the power of Sheng Yanzihuo.

"It's just a group of ants."

"If I was the Five-Star Fighting Immortal when I was imprisoned, I would not be able to deal with you... But now the three of you together are not my opponent." Facing the three people's attacks that were like pressing the bottom of the box, the ghost even There is no fear, nor any defense, as if he wants to take it easily.

"Gloomy Soul, you are too arrogant!" The three guardians couldn't help being furious when they noticed that Soul Soul showed such disdainful ignorance.

The three guardians of them are the most outstanding existences in the Ice and Fire Island, but in front of the ghostly soul, they are like playing a family.

"Let me show you guys what real power is." After the ghostly soul finished speaking, a dazzling light suddenly appeared in the palm of his hand, and in this light, if it carried a power that devoured all souls The most powerful breath.

"What is that?" Although the three guardians' attacks were tyrannical, it would obviously take some time to attack the ghostly soul.

"It seems like... a talisman?" The green-eyed phantom-scaled Jiaoyao, as a snake, made her aware of the secret in an instant.

"This is... a soul-devouring talisman?" Looking at the three tyrannical attacks that were enough to obliterate any five-star fighting immortals, they slowly dissipated and came to the ghostly soul, but there was no movement, and the next moment was given to the blood talisman. devoured.

Under that mysterious blood talisman, the beast pupil of the silver-winged flying dragon couldn't help shrinking tightly.

"bingo."

"The torment you have suffered over the years, let's get some back from you first." Watching the Soul Eater Talisman swallow the three attacks with ease, then a touch of tyrannical power that combines the three attacks will slowly feed back to the On the ghost child's body.

"Ghost soul... annihilated!" A roar slowly penetrated the entire inside and outside of Icefire Island, and then an earth-shattering energy beam suddenly exploded from the guardian space on the first floor of Icefire Island.

"This...is this the coercion of a powerhouse above the Five-Star Fighting Immortals..." Upon realizing this incomparable terrifying and destructive power, some villains and guardians on Icefire Island couldn't help trembling.

"Not good Rewind!" Looking at the attack that was enough to obliterate the three of them, the silver-winged dragon incited its silver-winged wings and fled directly towards the periphery of Icefire Island.

"It's just a group of ants... If it wasn't for the fear of the powerhouses in Li Soul Territory coming, my ghost will kill you today!" After the ghost said, the blood-colored soul-devouring talisman was slowly put away, and then the figure disappeared instantly, leaving only The tyrannical destructive power was slowly left on the first floor.

"Boom!" The Destruction Beam, which gathered the three silver-winged flying dragons and the power of the Soul Eater Talisman, exploded directly after the ghost left the Ice and Fire Island without being bound.

And with such terrifying destructive power, the first floor of Ice and Fire Island was wiped out, and there were even large and small damages. A splendid beam of light suddenly emerged directly from the first floor of Ice and Fire Island, and then ran through the entire Piece of heaven and earth.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That senior ghost... is really terrifying..." At this time, Xiao Yan, who had walked dozens of miles away from Icefire Island, turned back and saw that at the altar of Shawu Village, a brilliant beam of destructive energy suddenly penetrated through The whole world, accompanied by such terrifying energy fluctuations, there was a sound of mourning slowly emerging.

Xiao Yan asked himself, if he was under such a terrifying attack, he was afraid that he would not be able to escape the fall if he used his whole body.

"Let's go, since the ghost has left, it's time for us to start the next stop." The Lord of Soul Eater easily noticed the fluctuation, and then said to Xiao Yan, after speaking, Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed, facing Dong Continent to go.