Chapter Vol 4 1533: The 3 Headmasters of the Spiritual Academy!

"Weng buzzing!" After a few hours, Xiao Gui woke up, and Xiao Yan, under the control of the tyrannical space of the old ghost of the earth spirit, slowly came to the boundary of the earth spirit institute.

"This... this is the Earth Spirit Academy?"

"Is this too huge?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he saw this, because what is the realm that is reflected in front of Xiao Yan at this time, and the area of ​​this realm is probably larger than the four continents of Yinhuntian. area is huge.

In front of him was an incomparably gigantic city. There were various buildings in the city, and there was an endless stream of people. In addition to the countless desolate atmospheres and endless land outside the city, it was a vast area that was prohibitive.

"It's...a bit familiar." Xiao Gui frowned, then looked around. For some reason, he always felt that he had been here before, but every time he thought about the specific reason, a burst of thoughts would come out of his mind. The severe pain caused Xiao Gui to give up temporarily.

"Two little guys, welcome you to join the big family of Earth Spirit Academy."

"This is the interior of the Earth Spirit Academy."

"The overall area of ​​the Earth Spirit Academy may be larger than that of Yinhuntian, but this is a realm that was torn apart by the Master of the Soul, and it is more stable than the ordinary plane continent."

"And in the Earth Spirit Academy, there are also many vassal forces. They are headed by our Earth Spirit Academy." The Earth Spirit Old Ghost smiled slowly.

When the two heard the words, they were suddenly dumbfounded, but in front of the two, they suddenly appeared in a city. The area of ​​this city is extremely large, and I am afraid it covers an area of ​​a hundred kilometers. In the city, there are countless tyrannical breaths. Emerging, obviously shows that the number of strong people in the city is extremely large.

"Headmaster, you're back." After a short while, the space under the ground in front of the old ghost and the three of them wriggled, and a male figure slowly appeared, and said politely.

"What a tyrannical guy, this strength, I am afraid it has reached the level of a four-star fighting immortal." Xiao Yan looked at the man in front of him, secretly surprised.

"Take them down to rest."

"In addition, inform a few headmasters that we need to hold a meeting in the Spiritual Academy." As soon as the voice fell, the old ghost of Earth Spirit said lazily.

"Spiritual Court?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately asked in confusion.

"This junior brother, I am Qin Jun from the Lingyuan Institute, ranked fourth, you can call me senior brother."

"You don't know, the Earth Spirit Court is divided into the Earth Court and the Spirit Court Two. Among the second Court, the Earth Court has the most attractive strength and resources, but if you want to join it, you have to pay a lot of money. Lingyuan is next..." Qin Jun said with a smile, although Xiao Yan is only in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, it must be unusual for a guy to be so carefully instructed by the old ghost of the Earth Spirit.

"The Earth Court and the Spirit Court... I don't know what's the difference between the two?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui nodded slowly.

"In the courtyard, most of the strong people live, and they manage many strong people who send talents to the lower realm and the shrine of the Lord of Souls. Most of the spiritual courtyards are fresh blood that has just joined the spiritual courtyard. Only those whose strength has undergone transformation can they be qualified to join the Earth Court."

"However, if you join the court, you will undoubtedly step into the door of the strong. After all, the strong who can join the court will be able to sit on the master of the plane sooner or later, and master the power of the dazzling plane, which will last forever. ." Qin Jun said with a smile, but the power of the plane seems to be quite attractive.

"Take them down to rest. As for the reward you won on the Sky of Shadows, I will give it to you tomorrow." As soon as the voice fell, the body of the old ghost disappeared directly here, heading towards the center of the city.

"Two junior brothers, come with me." Qin Jun also laughed when he saw the whereabouts of the old ghost master, and then took Xiao Yan and the two, the space under his feet squirmed, and after a while, they were successfully settled. in the city.

This city is the base of the Earth Spirit Academy. It is heavily defended, and the garrison of the strongest people in the city is also staggering. As for other auctions, mercenary meetings, etc., it is also a must. It is complete, and in its city, there are countless vassal people, who are obviously living under the protection of the Lingyuan.

In addition, it is the powers on the vast land in the realm of the Earth Spirit Academy. Although these forces are not as strong as the Earth Academy and the Spirit Academy, they are also slowly growing under the protection of the Earth Spirit Academy. , is the solid back under the Earth Spirit Court.

At this moment, in a hall in the center of the city, three men slowly appeared and sat around the wooden table. The auras of these three people were actually the same as those of the Poisonous Demon Empress, but the strange thing was that these three men were very impressive. It is a human body, not a soul body.

Although the Li Soul Domain is divided into five major courtyards, among the five major courtyards, the original ghosts of the ghost world will try their best to cultivate human bodies. It is the soul domain of the highest ruling class in the ghost world, and it is also dominated by humans.

However, even if ghosts cultivated human bodies, as ghosts, they are still unable to devour the power of the most masculine holy flame.

"Earth spirit old ghost, you can be counted back."

"I don't know what kind of disciples we brought to our Spiritual Academy this time." In the hall, the three middle-aged men smiled slowly, and there was a hint of relief in their voices.

The three men are the three generals in the Spiritual Academy today. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

The old ghost of the earth spirit, it is said that thousands of years ago, he had reached the perfect strength of the Six-star Fighting Immortal, and he had a free and easy nature. He hardly taught his disciples. Unlimited.

Luo Zhamu, this guy is said to be a peak powerhouse of the wood attribute. He once used his own strength to forcibly kill the emperor-level aliens from outside the territory. Therefore, his reputation is quite high in the spiritual academy. .

Jiang Wen, this guy's strength is not well-known, but his strength is vaguely suppressing the two, and his teaching methods are quite special. Except for the director and vice president of the spiritual academy who can stabilize him, other strong people are not as good as he.

After all, they are divided into two courtyards in the spiritual courtyard. In the second courtyard, every time they select disciples, the underground courtyard occupies the majority, which makes the situation of their spiritual courtyard quite bad, and now it is their turn to absorb new students. Blood, they naturally pay special attention.

"Forget it."

"That little girl of the reincarnation was actually discovered by the Lord of Li Soul, which caused the powerhouse of our four courtyards to run away this time." The old ghost of Earth Spirit couldn't help rolling his eyes.

"Oh…"

"It seems that it's really just like what the dean said. It can't escape the perception of the master of the soul."

"But the Lord of Souls has been stuck in that shackle for too long. I don't know if I can break through." Jiang Wen smiled. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"However...the two guys who joined our spiritual academy this time, although they are only in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal and the Three Star Fighting Immortal Consummation, but one of the little guys has the existence of holy flame." The ghost's eyes slowly became hot, and an extremely tyrannical wave suddenly emerged from the corner of his mouth.

"what…"

"Have holy flames?" Hearing the old ghost of Earth Spirit say so lightly, Luo Zamu and Jiang Wen slammed the table and stood up suddenly, a surprise flooded into their hearts!