Chapter Vol 4 1870: Dramatic act 1!

In fact, there is not much difference between the demon world and the human world. Ordinary monsters are only comfortable with cultivation, just like humans. On this vast land, there is a place for them, whether they live in groups or live alone, and demon spirits also have With their seven emotions and six desires, only those big demons who hold great power will have bad intentions, and they are all day long and eager to win, as well as a few outliers with bad intentions.

Butterfly Valley is a quite prosperous town on the edge of the Wan Yao Kingdom. The town covers an area of ​​about tens of kilometers. The architectural style is similar to that of the human world, just like houses and courtyards. , Although human beings are hateful, they still have their own uniqueness in housing construction and some places, so their merits are worth learning.

People come and go in the town, which is quite prosperous, but don’t underestimate this town. There are native demon spirits in the town. Their ancestors have entered the demon world for many years and formed a huge biological network, so they are also They are guarded and inherited in the form of gregarious living, thus forming an extremely large race, and those who are similar to the supernatural ascension from the Great Thousand World to enter the demon world, either live in some unattended mountains in the demon world, or choose to join these forces in order to protect themselves.

This is the demon world.

The demon spirits here in Butterfly Valley are also quite friendly, and there is not much dispute and grudge, but there are similar mercenary unions and those dazzling buildings here, only the so-called Alchemist Association did not appear.

But the peaceful scenery of Butterfly Valley did not last long. I don’t know where a force named Yaoxuanzong came from. At this time, it turned out to be a tense battle with the old-fashioned force in Butterfly Valley. It is said that this The sect came from within the Ten Thousand Demon Nation, and the atmosphere in this small town was extremely serious for a while.

Butterfly Valley is not only a small town, but also the name of a sect. Because the countless demon spirits in this sect are all heroes and righteous people, they have saved the town from danger several times, so they are called by these guys. so called.

The town is located in the flat ground, but the surrounding area is surrounded by mountains and mountains, and the access to the town is extremely limited. For dozens of miles outside, the caravan of Xiao Yan and others is still advancing on some rough roads, facing the town. rush.

Caravan.

This is the inherent situation of material delivery in the demon world. There are few pharmacists in the demon world, and because most of the creatures in the demon world are martial arts practitioners, they disdain the supply and production of daily materials, which has become a problem. These small towns will go to the big cities at fixed times to purchase some living materials to supplement themselves.

"Miss, I went a little further to the area of ​​Shuijianya. According to the news from my subordinates, Yaoxuanzong seems to have sent the three elders of their sect to come here. I am afraid this time..." At this time, the captain of the caravan said to Qian Ying, who was riding on the beast taming, opened her mouth and spoke in a rather dull voice. It seemed that she couldn't help but be vigilant when she mentioned the so-called third elder.

Beast taming is somewhat similar to horses, and the only woman in the caravan is extremely petite. No matter in temperament or strength, she is one of the few strong men in this caravan.

"Well, it's hard work, everyone, rest here today, and enter it tomorrow." The woman's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and she also knew the seriousness of the matter. After instructing the rest of the caravan to keep an eye on the supplies, she chose to sit on a mountainside. Set up camp, prepare to spend the night, and continue on the road tomorrow.

The demon world also calculates time like humans, with sunrise and sunset. Except for some special demon spirits, ordinary demon worlds follow the normal routine of human beings.

Soon it was night.

"Hey... ah?" With a sound, Xiao Yan barely opened his eyes in a tent that was flickering with candles. He slowly kneaded his temples with his palms, and glanced around where he was. At that scene, I couldn't help but be surprised.

"Where am I?"

"Demon Qi?" Xiao Yan just said to himself, but found that a green aura appeared on his body, this aura was exactly the same as other auras!

Is this the demon world?

"Let's go out and have a look, it must have been picked up by someone." Xiao Yan got up, tidied up the bed in the tent, and immediately put aside the tent and walked out.

"Are you awake?" Xiao Yan just walked out, and suddenly two thin bodies were sitting around a bonfire, as if they were discussing something in a low voice, accompanied by a rather soft and light voice.

"Cultivation in the mountains may be a mistake in breaking into the territory of a strong man. After being expelled, he fell into a coma. Thank you two for your help." Xiao Yan walked over with a smile. Both recognize their true identity.

However, with the help of the faint light of the bonfire, Xiao Yan was able to sense the not weak aura of the two guys.

That kind of feeling, it is actually two six-star fighting immortals?

Moreover, a faint tyrannical oppression permeated out of them. If Xiao Yan guessed correctly, I am afraid this is the unique demonic energy of monster world creatures.

The demonic energy on each demon spirit is not the same. It is similar to the powerful demon emperor, who is extremely domineering, and just like the two in front of them, some are as demonic as water, and some are as calm as mountains. It is related to the body of the demon spirit, but Xiao

"Breaking into the powerhouse's territory? You're so bold... but you're in a coma for a few days." The caravan captain also smiled honestly.

Compared with the human world, the creatures in the demon world are less intriguing and stronger, and duel battles are commonplace, so the two do not doubt Xiao Yan's identity.

"I just went out, and I haven't figured out the situation. Since the two of them saved each other, let's take a chance to repay." Xiao Yan's keen soul power naturally noticed that the eyes of the two were complicated. There are a lot of materials in the camp of lights, so he opened his mouth.

"No."

"But you just came to us. If you don't dislike it, you can try it in Butterfly Valley. Where is a relatively good sect, and you will have the opportunity to enter the Ten Thousand Demon Nation in the future. For you, it is also a kind of Excellent opportunity..." The woman didn't know why, when she looked at Xiao Yan's thin figure, there was a rare wave in her body, as if she was afraid of Xiao Yan, and she didn't finish her words at the end.

"This..." The caravan captain on the side heard the words and couldn't help but shrank his pupils in surprise.

Butterfly Valley is not for anyone who wants to enter, and the ancestors in the Butterfly Valley have a very deep relationship with the strong people in the Ten Thousand Demon Nation. This move of the eldest lady...

"Butterfly Valley... I wrote it down."

"But where is this place?" Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and immediately smiled with a smile on his face.

"This is a remote area of ​​the Ten Thousand Demons Country, called Butterfly Valley." The woman continued.

"Wan Yao Nation?"

"Butterfly Valley?"

"Is it far from Yaoyuan Cave?" Xiao Yan felt that the two of them were not malicious and immediately said without any taboos.

"What?"

"What did you say, kid?" As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the woman's beautiful eyes flashed with surprise, and she stared at Xiao Yan blankly, while the caravan captain next to her, with a sturdy body, stood up directly, with a very loud voice. road.

"Yao Yuandongtian!"

"It is said that there is a treasure land of feng shui. I just came to the demon world and just wanted to go there!" Xiao Yan said like an innocent child, showing his white teeth.

"..."

"Isn't this a fool?" Xiao Yan's voice fell again, and the two figures couldn't help but roll their eyes helplessly.

A guy picked up on the way, can't change really be a fool...