Chapter Vol 2 807: 6 leaves of life and death fire!

"That's the fire of life and death..." Xiao Yan is currently staring at the plant not far from him.

The plant was black and white, with a black rhizome about the size of a finger, and huge white leaves, and its roots were hidden on the icicles!

As for the plant, a fiery red flame slowly surrounds it, which is quite mysterious!

"That is the fire of life and death, if you want, go get it yourself." The fire beast of life and death immediately felt a little pain when he saw it, forcibly restrained from looking at the fire of life and death, and then said to Xiao Yan.

After all, I have guarded the fire of life and death for thousands of years, and now others take it away in front of me, and it is still painful.

"Remember that the fire of life and death is divided into seven leaves from the beginning to the highest. Looking at the appearance, it is the fire of life and death of six leaves. I am afraid it will be very helpful for Xiaoyi to step into the next stage of growth."

"But I just don't know what the reincarnation seal on Xiao Yi's body is." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, although his voice was full of joy, he was still worried.

Just came to Dou Di Continent. Although he obtained the complete Burning Judgment from Ancient Emperor Tuo She, the mysterious reincarnation mark on Xiao Yi's forehead was always remembered by Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan doesn't know very well about the seal of reincarnation, but if you think about it, it should not be a good thing, and Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi have a good relationship, they are like brothers, so Xiao Yan will definitely not let Xiao Yi happen to any danger.

"Xiao Yi?"

"Step into the next stage?"

"Reincarnation Seal?" Not long after, the fire beast of life and death beside Xiao Yan heard Xiao Yan muttering so, and immediately became shocked!

If nothing else, just printing the three characters of reincarnation is tens of thousands of times more precious than the fire of life and death in front of you.

"how?"

"You know?" Xiao Yan seemed to have noticed the shock of the fire beast of life and death, and immediately turned his head to ask.

"Boy, although I don't know what the Reincarnation Seal is, I vaguely know that it may have something to do with the powerhouses above the Dou Xian level."

"And from what you just described, you are looking for the fire of life and death, I am afraid it is also for others." The fire beast of life and death said.

"Not bad." Faced with the speculation of life and death fire beasts, Xiao Yan didn't have anything to hide, so he directly confirmed it.

"What you said should be the fire spirit." After a slight pause, the eyes of the fire of life and death were full of envy.

"Yes." Seeing that the fire beasts of life and death were guessing right, Xiao Yan felt a little surprised in his heart.

"You don't know something."

"Holy flame is the purest fire attribute power, and this kind of power will often give birth to some creatures with spiritual intelligence, that kind of creature is called the spirit of holy flame."

"The fire elf is different. Although the fire elf is also a representative of the fire attribute, the fire elf is an independent individual with extremely powerful power."

"You can also understand that the holy flame is pure flame power, and the holy flame spirit is only a part of the holy flame power after all, but the fire elves are individuals with the power of flames, and it is said that the fire elves are born simple, only in the Only when touched by human beings will they automatically recognize the Lord.”

"And once you are recognized by the fire spirit, your future achievements will be limitless." The life and death fire beast said with some envy.

"Who is stronger, Sheng Yan or the Fire Spirit?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after hearing this, confused.

"Holy flame is just a group of dazzling flame power, even the spirit of holy flame is just power, but the fire elf is a loyal companion creature with powerful flame power, do you understand?" The fire beast of life and death looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"and……"

"The fire elves in the mature period have surpassed the holy flame too much, but the fire elves need too many resources to move from birth to final maturity." Life and Death Fire Beast said.

"Understood."

"The Holy Flame is strong, and after all, someone needs to control it, and the Fire Spirit can fight the enemy alone..." After a while, Xiao Yan also understood what the Fire Beast said.

"It's alright, alright, hurry up and collect the fire of life and death, or I will go back on it." The fire beast of life and death said impatiently.

"Good." Xiao Yan looked at the fire beast of life and death, and immediately burst into laughter, then walked towards the fire medicine.

"It's really a jealous guy. It's not enough to have holy flames, but also to have fire spirits. This will hit people a lot."

"The two most powerful treasures in the fire attribute have been obtained by this news, this is really unfair..." The fire beast of life and death was depressed.

The Holy Flame has always been extremely powerful. Anyone who obtains the Holy Flame will be extremely terrifying, but in the long run, it is tantamount to the growth of the Fire Elf!

After all, if the fire elves enter the mature stage, they are truly right-hand assistants who can fight against immortal warriors.

"The fire of life and death, there are six leaves in the fire."

"This thing is not easy to collect." Xiao Yan came to the front of the fire of life and death, and immediately hesitated.

Because of the particularity of life and death fire, it must have flame and ice. If there is no one of them, I am afraid that it will wither in an instant. In that case, it will obviously fall short.

"Yes, the bone spirit is cold!" However, in the next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something, and then burst out laughing.

As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, a scorching fire that radiated extremely cold suddenly appeared!

As Emperor Yan, Xiao Yan naturally possessed the ability to separate the flames from the flames of his own emperor.

"Crackling." Xiao Yan's flame and ice power just touched the fire of life and death, and suddenly the fire of life and death burst out with a very strong repulsion, and then the next moment, it seemed that Xiao Yan's second power was not malicious, and then slowly Let your guard down.

"Come in for me!" But just when Life and Death Fire relaxed his vigilance, Xiao Yan suddenly drank it, and two strands of ice and flames instantly wrapped Life and Death Fire!

The next moment, it appeared directly on Xiao Yan's palm!

But here Xiao Yan suddenly remembered what his master Yao Lao said The root nest must not be damaged when picking herbs, and everything should be left behind. Although this herb has been picked by you, as long as the root is The nest is not bad, and a new medicinal herb will be born in a short time. Immediately, Xiao Yan gently took away the fire of life and death.

"Hoohoo!"

"It's still a near miss." Xiao Yan gasped for a few breaths, then looked at the palm-sized slap on the palm of his hand, possessing six leaves of the fire of life and death, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"With this thing, and with the help of some medicinal pills, Xiao Yi should be able to step into the Nine Stars Doudi smoothly."

"After Xiao Yi stepped into the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, the two of us are merging together. I am afraid that our strength will temporarily increase to the level of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor. Then..." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Take it!" With an idea in his heart, Xiao Yan carefully took the six-leaf fire of life and death back into his own ring for safekeeping, and then gently came to the side of the fire beast of life and death.

"Hehe, Fire Beast of Life and Death, I wonder if you know if there are these two medicinal materials in the ruins?" Xiao Yan stared at the Fire Beast and laughed maliciously.

"What?" The fire beast of life and death saw that Xiao Yan had just taken back the fire of life and death, but it did not destroy the root nest of fire of life and death, and had a great impression of Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Canglonglu, Heavenly King Ginseng." Xiao Yan finished softly, and immediately looked forward to the answer from the fire beast of life and death.

Ask for tickets!

today's six