Chapter Vol 4 1655: Glacier Tianhe!

"Ghost... Mu Wushuang." Watching the aftermath of the battle here dissipate completely, Xiao Yan stared at the place where the gloomy man had just disappeared, thinking.

"Sister, that guy just now is a bad guy!" At this time, the little Zhuoma on the side, with eyes like agate, opened his mouth slightly, as if he was stimulated by it and remembered something.

"Why is this guy so mysterious... I'm afraid this trip to the undead Holy Tan will become quite dangerous." After struggling for a while, he still couldn't figure out the details of the guy just now, Xiao Yan could only helplessly shake his head.

That guy's power is clearly a ghost, and he is a soul body. Naturally, a strong person of this level will not be in the Soul Palace of the Soul Clan, nor will it be an extraterritorial evil clan or sin.

In this way, Xiao Yan was temporarily stumped. After all, Xiao Yan now only knows the forces of the Soul Palace, the Soul Clan, the evil clan and the sinners, which are spread all over the place.

"The ghost on that guy is too gloomy and weird, even if it's the first time I've seen it... But the ghost on him, I'm afraid it's not simple." Irene on the side closed her eyes.

"Forget it, let's get down to business first." After a while, Xiao Yan shook his head and left these troublesome things behind for a while.

"Sister... I may know that guy." Seeing Xiao Yan and Irene's helpless, Xiao Zhuoma's delicate face like a porcelain, filled with a hint of vigilance, said immediately.

"You know?" Xiao Yan couldn't help staring at this little guy after Xiao Zhuoma said that.

According to Xiao Yan's perception of being temporarily sealed, this little guy doesn't seem to have any grudge, let alone any soul power. He is just a normal little girl, just because of the undead leaves in his body, etc. Xiao Yan did not rashly ask about the change, so Xiao Yan was naturally surprised when this little guy opened his mouth.

"That guy just now is a bad guy."

"They want to **** the treasures in this forest." After a while, the little girl angrily clenched her pink fists and scolded her with her hips on her hips.

"This little guy..." Hearing Xiao Zhuoma's words, both Xiao Yan and Irene nodded involuntarily.

"Little Zhuoma, can you take us to that place?" After blinking, Irene and Xiao Yan looked at each other, and Irene continued.

"En..." Surprisingly, this time, little Dolma didn't have any refusal, and slowly agreed. Immediately, her little hand tightly clasped Erin'er's palm and walked towards the mist.

"Let's go." Erin Er and the two walked in front, and did not forget to turn around and asked Xiao Yan.

"It seems that this battle for the undead fire will also become interesting." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and suddenly the shadow shone with a trace of flame light suddenly wriggled slowly like a demon, following Xiao Yan, but the shadow There is an indescribable destructive power in it, and that thing is probably Xiao Yan's Fire Guard ruler.

"Gululu!" The smells and sounds of birds and flowers came out continuously, and the figures of Xiao Yan and the others also appeared here slowly.

"Here...is it?" Xiao Yan frowned as he looked at the white curtain of light in front of him, because the scent and sound of birds and flowers were clearly coming from within, but these people were hesitant now.

"There are treasures in it... A lot of bad people will come to **** it. Big brother and big sister, you promised Zhuoma to protect it."

"Is it alright?" After coming here, Xiao Zhuoma's expression suddenly burst into tears, and she said to Xiao Yan.

"We promise you." Looking at the little Dolma who looked like this, Irene agreed.

"Thank you." Just after the voice finished, Xiao Zhuoma's palm swayed slightly, and in a blink of an eye, he touched the white light in front of him.

"Bang bang bang!" Suddenly, a deafening sound emerged like the sound of thunder, and Xiao Yan's three figures were also sucked away by an extremely tyrannical suction.

"This is..." After a few minutes, the three of them entered an unfamiliar place through the mysterious passage.

The place where several people are located is clearly a forest with dense vegetation, but next to the forest, shocking fluctuations permeate the scene.

"This is... Glacier Tianhe?" At the same time, the always quiet Irene shrank tightly and lost her voice.

"Someone's here." Xiao Yan didn't have time to ask, so he could only use his tyrannical strength to swept the two girls away from some rocks next to the forest.

"Damn... This glacier Tianhe is really weird."

"It's been so many days, why haven't we found a way to enter the bottom of the Tianhe? How can this be good?" Just after Xiao Yan and the three of them were hidden, several men with anxious eyes slowly passed by in front of the three of them. .

"Shhhhh!" Irene was very cooperative, gently hugging the puzzled little Dolma, her fingers gently comparing her to a gesture of not speaking.

"Glacier Tianhe."

"According to the teacher's record, this is a holy place near the undead fire. At the bottom of the Tianhe River, it is said that there are extremely precious treasures. As for what it is, even the teacher does not know."

"But that kind of treasure may have something to do with the immortal fire." Irene explained to Xiao Yan after the figure was far away.

"It's really a curious sight." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

Where the three were at this time, they were still in the Holy Tan of the Undead.

The Immortal Holy Tan gave them the feeling that they were like green leaves wrapped in layers. At first, they were in the outermost layer, and now they have entered the inner layer. As for how to enter the innermost layer, I am afraid it is unknown.

"The two of you are quiet and wait here I'll go take a look." Xiao Yan looked at the forces around the glacier Tianhe, frowned and said with a smile.

"You... There are so many strong people here, how did you get there?" Seeing this, Eileen wondered. After all, there are no hidden martial arts fighting skills in the fire attribute, hidden scout-like actions, or some shadow-type darkness. Department of strong do quite well.

"Weng buzzing!" Before Irene finished speaking, Xiao Yan's body merged directly into the shadow behind him, and immediately turned into tiny scratches that were imperceptible to the naked eye, heading towards the glacial Tianhe.

"This guy... is really a pervert." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Irene couldn't help rolling her eyes, but this kind of action was discovered by Xiao Yan after he mastered the master of Fire Guard, and he was able to control his own aura. It is temporarily hidden in the shadow of Phobos, so it is quite easy to do some spying tasks.

However, the only shortcoming of this method is that once it gets close to the light-type powerhouse, it will appear in an instant, and other attributes do not need to be too worried.

In this way, Xiao Yan merged with the Lord of Fire Guard and followed the Lord of Fire Guard towards the ice surface where many forces gathered.

The so-called Fire Guard Master is naturally the shadow of Xiao Yan. It does not have too much tyrannical power, but it will look for the opportunity to strike a fatal blow in the gaps of the battle. After being injected with fire attribute power by Xiao Yan, it is enough to cast a fatal blow at a critical time. One blow, that one blow, is enough to reverse the real battle situation, Xiao Yan is just taking advantage of it now.