Chapter Vol 4 1278: Alchemist Association!

"Grumbling."

"What's the situation?" And with the kind of thing that happened in the sword-forging thunder valley, Xiao Yan was still on his way to the Alchemist Association, but at this time, with the departure of the Soul Eater Talisman, in the acceptance ring The blood river bell is sending out an extremely dangerous signal.

"Be careful, there is someone from outside the realm who appears here..."

"Although it is not the main body, I am afraid it is just an energy clone, but an energy clone is enough to easily obliterate everyone here." The Lord of Soul Eater also felt the fluctuations from the blood river bell, and said solemnly, it is obvious that it can be eaten by Soul Eater. The Lord treats him so solemnly, and his strength may have reached the pinnacle.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded, lowered his breath, and walked away slightly towards the Alchemist Association. Fortunately, after just a few breaths, the aura of the supreme being of the foreign evil race disappeared. , otherwise, the ratio of East Continent in this Lei City, I am afraid there is no need to carry out.

"Master, the aura of the supreme being of the evil clan just now..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

"That's the breath of a light demon."

"The Demon of Light and the Lord of Li Soul have a very deep relationship. I am afraid that this time, it is her who will take revenge." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled mysteriously, and suddenly disappeared.

Xiao Yan was also helpless, so he could only slowly walk towards the Alchemist Association.

About Mo continued to walk for a few minutes, and suddenly came to the site of the Alchemist Association, and saw a behemoth slowly standing in front of him, but Xiao Yan was also a little depressed, the auction house and the Alchemist Association, one is in the northernmost, and the other is in the southernmost , quite far away.

"The Alchemist Association." In the huge building, five splendid big characters slowly stood on the plaque at the main entrance.

"It's really a big hand." Xiao Yanguang swept away like that, and found something wrong.

On the plaque, there is actually an extremely tyrannical pressure on the soul. Outsiders may not be able to see it, but Xiao Yan revealed it at a glance.

Although the entire Alchemist Association was extremely luxurious, according to Xiao Yan's perception, no one entered or exited the door of the Alchemist Association, which seemed extremely desolate.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan tidyed up a little, and then slowly stepped in towards the main entrance of the Alchemist Association.

"Dong dong dong." Xiao Yan just stepped on the steps and walked towards the main entrance, and suddenly found that a pressure filled his body, and this pressure was more like the coercion of soul power, and its source was probably the emanating from the plaque.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan saw this, without any pause, he moved his figure, and then suddenly walked towards it. After all, Xiao Yan is the soul of the fairyland, and this level of soul suppression can only deal with those who are not strong enough for the soul of the fairyland. The alchemist was effective, and it was a little too late to deal with Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is there anyone?" Xiao Yan walked into the Alchemist Association directly under pressure, but although the interior was extremely luxurious, there was no one.

"Respected pharmacist, what can help you?" Just when Xiao Yan was a little depressed, a figure slowly stepped out from the side and came to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan looked up and saw this handsome figure, dressed in black professional attire, with a professional smile and a slender figure. His temperament was quite elegant.

"I want to identify the level of the alchemist." Xiao Yan did not hesitate too much, and said directly, after all, according to Xiao Yan's perception, this shadow is probably the person in charge of the alchemist association.

"Stunned..."

"Identify the level of pharmacists?" When Qian Ying heard the words, the smile on her face froze slightly. Obviously, she did not expect someone to appraise the level of pharmacists. You must know that pharmacists in Leicheng are all hands-on teachings, and there are very few people who come alone. of.

"What? Can't you?"

"That's really a pity." A trace of pity appeared on Xiao Yan's face, and then he moved slightly and walked towards the outside.

"Sir, wait a minute."

"We are the Alchemist Association here, so it is natural to identify the Alchemist level."

"I don't know what level of pharmacist you want to identify?" Qian Ying asked slowly.

"The fourth rank of immortal rank, as for the third rank of heaven and earth, it depends on my luck." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"what?"

"Identify the fourth-grade immortal pharmacist?" Qian Ying was slightly shocked when she heard the words, because she had received countless powerhouses in the alchemist association. Naturally, she knew that the fourth-grade immortal alchemist was the most basic pharmacist. , is the soul of fairyland.

And the power of the soul is one of the most cultivated powers in the world, so when the man in front of him spoke, the woman couldn't help but be surprised.

"Sir, wait a moment, I'll ask the vice president to come out." The woman did not dare to neglect, and went directly to the alchemist cabinet.

"Huhu, I don't know which level I can reach the fourth rank of Immortal Rank this time?" Xiao Yan stood quietly, but he took off his black robe when he entered the Alchemist Association. revealing.

"Master, this time I went to the auction house to buy medicinal herbs, and I met a guy with extremely terrifying soul power. I'm afraid he has already reached the fairyland." In a quiet wooden house inside the Alchemist Association, the two figures were talking slowly.

One was the man who had a conflict with Xiao Yan at the entrance of the auction house, and the other was an old man with white hair. He looked bright and even had a faint aura on his body, which made people feel uncomfortable. shudder.

"Recently, it was the ratio of Dongzhou, and the strong handed it out, so be careful." Looking at it, he said softly.

"Yes." The man nodded lightly.

"Dong dong dong Not long after, Qian Ying just came to the cabinet, and suddenly tapped into a wooden house.

"It's Sister Yu, I don't know why she's here?" Hearing the hurried knock on the door, the man immediately found the person coming.

Sister Wang, whose real name is Wang Fengcheng, has been living in the Leicheng Alchemist Association, and she does the work of receiving guests for them. She is also quite popular with the members of the Alchemist Association.

"Mr. Vice President." Sister Wang said respectfully.

The two people in the wooden house, one is the current vice president of the Alchemist Association, Tan Chen, the strength of the four-star fighting immortal early stage, plus another layer, the fifth-grade celestial alchemist, such a dual identity, let He also has quite a status in the entire Thunder City.

As for the man who went to the auction house to buy medicinal herbs, his name was Hua Fei. He was a strong man who had just reached the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian. He was also a disciple of Tan Chen. The strong of the strong.

"Sister Wang, what's wrong?" Hua Fei asked first.

"Vice President, a man has come to the association."

"It is said to be firm in the level of alchemist." Sister Wang said respectfully.

"Appraisal of the alchemist level... It's really been a long time since it was so lively. I wonder what level of alchemist he wants to appraise?" Tan Chen said with a smile.

"Bang bang bang!" Just as the extremely figures in the cabinet were talking, a crisp sound slowly sounded.

"Fourth rank of immortal rank." Before Sister Wang finished speaking, Tan Chen looked into the distance and murmured.