Chapter 642: The Shadow of the Foot

"The terrifying energy of these two people will not be noticed by others in this Luoling Mountain?" Mu Feng seemed to be worried and said.

"No, this place is already shrouded in Xiao Yan's formation, you can't see what's going on from the outside." Mu Yingying said softly.

"Looking at the appearance, I don't know who will win. After all, Feng Ling has controlled the use of a lot of life force, and Xiao Yan has no life force in his body." Ling Xuan curled her lips slightly.

"Don't underestimate Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's words, even the second senior brother of your terrestrial hall, has the power to fight." Mu Yingying did not know where the trust came from, so she spoke slowly.

"Boy, it's too late to admit defeat." Feng Lingzhuo shouted loudly, and on the black and white disc in his hand, a wave of death slowly attached to it, as if a random blow could kill someone.

"I think it's you who should admit defeat." Xiao Yan naturally said unwillingly.

Although this Feng Ling made Xiao Yan stunned, Xiao Yan knew that even if he had no life force in his body, he would still be able to deal with Feng Ling. Thought-of.

"You brazen brat, this time I'll let you try the power of life and die!" Feng Ling glanced at Xiao Yan with disdain, and found that on the huge ruler in Xiao Yan's hand, there was a terrifying force. Volatility was also born, but Feng Ling, with the black and white disc condensed by the power of seventh-grade students, was not afraid at all!

"The power of life, change the world!" Feng Ling shouted loudly, and then the black and white disc on the palm of his hand smashed towards Xiao Yan's position!

"Shabu Shabu!" Wherever the black and white disc passed, the space collapsed, whizzing away with the Xeon aura that destroyed everything!

"It's good to come!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing in his heart, and immediately raised the ancient ruler of Heng Huoheng high in his hand, his palm exerted force, and suddenly shouted, "The second ruler of the seventh-layer breaking sky!"

"The waves are stacked a thousand feet!"

Xiao Yan suddenly let out a loud shout, and then the strange fire constant ancient ruler on the palm of his hand suddenly trembled strangely, and a lot of flames emanated from his body, filling most of the formation.

The next moment, just as Feng Ling smashed the black and white disc and attacked Xiao Yan, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in Xiao Yan's hand suddenly burst into thousands of feet!

Every phantom seems to exist, and the aura on it is exactly the same!

"Cut!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but laugh in his heart. Obviously, with the strength of the Six-Star Dou Di at the later stage, he used the seventh-layer Heaven-shattering Ruler, and his power should not be underestimated.

As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the surrounding flames suddenly turned into a circle of fire waves, wrapping thousands of feet, and the black and white discs were swept away!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying wave suddenly exploded in the formation.

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Feng Ling spurted out a mouthful of blood!

This Xiao Yan is clearly a bastard!

My black and white disc was condensed by the power of life. Under the attack of Xiao Yan's flame ruler, the power to destroy everything in the black and white disc was being weakened rapidly, but Xiao Yan's flame ruler was not. Decrease but increase, this can make Feng Ling anxious.

It's no exaggeration that his attack was his strongest attack right now. If he couldn't defeat Xiao Yan even this one, he would probably be out of the game today.

"This guy's rank 7 life force is truly well-deserved." Xiao Yan tightly held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his palm. Even if he used the second ruler of the seventh-level breaking ruler, Xiao Yan found that he couldn't fight it. This cool black and white CD.

Although his flame ruler, which spans thousands of feet, is constantly weakening the power of the black and white disc, Xiao Yan knows that the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire in his hand emits a very obvious tremor. The source of this tremor is the black and white disc CD!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The strength of this life is really thorny. It seems that the seventh level breaks the seventh level of the sky ruler. With my current strength, I am afraid that I can cultivate the fourth level."

"But to take this Feng Ling's attack, the third level is enough!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils became solemn!

Although he had already learned the first three levels of the seventh level, Xiao Yan didn't have much confidence in the third level.

After all, the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler became more difficult the further back it went. The third ruler alone made Xiao Yan a little bit hard, and then the difficulty would be even more difficult than reaching the sky.

"Be calm and calm."

"Sentiment Ruler..." Xiao Yan kept repeating these words, and then closed his eyes slightly, before the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler, a few meters in front of him, with the terrifying power of the black and white disc, it continued to die. The flame ruler of , is not at all concerned about it!

"What is Xiao Yan doing?"

"Comprehension in a battle situation is a taboo in battle. Xiao Yan wouldn't make such a low-level mistake." Mu Feng's sharp eyes naturally saw what Xiao Yan did at a glance, and immediately asked in doubt.

"Mu Feng, if something goes wrong for a while, follow me." Mu Yingying heard a hint of worry in her eyes.

"It seems that Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan have some stories to tell." The green flute on the side also smiled slightly.

"When did Feng Ling's strength become so terrifying?"

"It's really strange." As for Lingxuan, she said absentmindedly.

Because according to Ling Xuan's memory, whether it is Xu Zhu who has fallen into a coma or this Feng Ling, although the strength is good and the talent is good, it is impossible to step into the middle stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor so easily, because he clearly knows the two People have not passed the news of the Six-Star Fighting Emperor Tribulation, how could they appear here today, and their strength has greatly increased?

"Boy admit defeat!" Feng Ling laughed and went into a state of calm, thinking that Xiao Yan had given up his resistance, and immediately said to him fiercely.

"Go!" As soon as the voice fell, Feng Ling's face became heavy, and he controlled the black and white disc with force and smashed it against the team!

"Boy, this is all over!"

"Whoever dares to move me in front of me, this is your best end."

"Remember not to provoke some people you shouldn't provoke in your next life." Feng Ling looked at Xiao Yan in front of him with disgust, like an ant.

All the same, the flame ruler that directly blocked the black and white disc in mid-air was finally removed, and then Feng Ling laughed wickedly and smashed at Xiao Yan, who was scorching hot on the ground!

Don't think about it, Feng Ling knew that Xiao Yan's death was imminent.

"Yep?"

"Afterimage?" But the next moment, the power of the last day of the black and white disc crashed against Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan's body instantly became illusory, and then a terrifying explosion exploded in an instant.

"Hehe, what Senior Brother Feng Ling said, Xiao Yan will return it to you intact." Xiao Yan's familiar voice sounded in the formation, and then Feng Ling, who was aloof, suddenly felt that he was being held back by an unstoppable force. The terrifying heavy ruler attacked viciously, and then like a meteorite, it drew a beautiful arc in the sky and fell to the ground in an instant. As for the sky above, a man holding a flame heavy ruler smiled slowly.

At this moment, the man holding the flame-heavy ruler showed an admirable aura!

Ask for tickets!