Chapter Vol 4 1449: The last herb, 0 years Xuanbing!

"Who is coming?" Xiao Yan stepped into the medicine pavilion, and immediately at the entrance of the medicine pavilion, two armed guards asked with serious faces. Obviously, if you want to enter the medicine pavilion, you must go through a careful examination.

"Come here to buy medicinal materials." Xiao Yan nodded slightly when he saw this. He knew that these two guys had years of professionalism, and they cultivated that kind of vigilance.

"Please show the relevant certificates," said the two guards.

"Relevant proof?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"The Medicine Pavilion has three floors. The first floor is where anyone can enter and exit, while the second floor requires some identification, because the second floor is full of people with heads and faces." The two guards explained.

"What about the third floor?" Xiao Yan asked casually.

"The third floor is where some big people go in and out. The auctions of things there are sky-high prices, and there are many strong people in the third floor, so there is a high level of vigilance, and even the conditions for entry are extremely high. Harsh." Although it was difficult for a strong person with the qualification to enter the third floor to see one person for hundreds of days and nights, the two guards also said.

"What do I need to enter the third floor?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Proof of the Immortal Rank Alchemist... Maybe the strength of a four-star fighting immortal." The two guards looked at Xiao Yan's weak aura, and immediately felt helpless, but they still said that they are not stupid after all, since they are goalkeepers, Then, of course, it will be done respectfully.

"No." Xiao Yan heard this, nodded slowly, and then the rank medal of the Immortal Rank Alchemist in his hand flashed away.

"Xian... Immortal-level pharmacist?" The strength of the two guards was also three-star fighting immortal level, so in just a moment, they realized that the medal Xiao Yan just waved was a genuine Immortal-level pharmacist medal. Something can't be faked.

"Sir... please come with me." As soon as he finished speaking, one of the guards walked towards the Medicine Pavilion with a smile on his face with Xiao Yan.

"Shabu Shabu!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not make a sound, and followed him gently.

"Damn... In the medicine pavilion recently, there are more and more guys pretending to be pigs and eating tigers..."

"For an immortal-level pharmacist at such an age, his achievements in the future will be..." The guard who stayed behind also said with some envy.

"My lord... this side please." The guard took Xiao Yan and walked towards the medicine pavilion, but found that the inner path of the medicine pavilion was intricate and even blocked by countless tyrannical soul forces, making Xiao Yan I can't investigate any aura, obviously those intricate auras are probably the place where some powerhouses live.

"Squeak."

"My lord, please wait here, I will summon the supervisor to come and receive you." After that, the guards also left without stopping.

"Pfft." After a few minutes, a shrewd man stepped into the house slowly.

"Hello, my lord, I am Director Hua in the Medicine Pavilion. If you have any needs, just ask, and I will try my best to find it for you." Director Hua looked at Xiao Yan's young age, but did not show any contempt. Because the rank medal of the immortal-level pharmacist and it explains everything.

"I need a thousand-year-old mysterious ice produced under the deep sea." Xiao Yan said softly without any hesitation.

"The thousand-year-old mysterious ice produced under the deep sea?" Director Hua couldn't help frowning when he heard the words, wondering.

"Is there a problem?" Xiao Yan pretended to be calm and said, but he was vigilant in his heart. If he couldn't find enough medicinal materials here, it would probably cause serious damage to Xiao Yan's plan.

"No problem... But adults should know that the deep sea has been a forbidden area for human life since ancient times, so the value of this thousand-year-old mysterious ice is quite good..." Director Hua said hesitantly.

"Don't worry, as long as there is such a thing in the medicine pavilion, I will naturally give a satisfactory reward." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"No no no."

"My lord, that's not what I meant."

"Thousand-year-old mysterious ice, in the records of our medicine pavilion, it is indeed there, but it is on a special guy."

"That guy lives with treasure, so it would be extremely difficult to exchange things from him," said Director Hua.

"You don't need to worry about this, but please ask the steward to guide me." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"If that's the case, let's go." After speaking, Director Hua took Xiao Yan directly and walked towards the depths of the Medicine Pavilion through numerous stairs.

"What a strong medicinal pill power..." As soon as they stepped into this place, they immediately saw a simple wooden door in front of the two of them. Such a strong medicinal medicinal power was transmitted from the inside, and it was obvious that there were human beings living inside.

"Elder Luo." The supervisor brought Xiao Yan, who was familiar with the road, came to the wooden door and tapped lightly.

"roll roll roll!"

"You brat, don't do things well, and think about my baby every day?" Suddenly, there was a scolding voice from the wooden door. Obviously, this is not the first time that this flower steward has acted like this.

"This is the place where Luo Lao lives. Luo Lao's identity is quite good, and he has an affair with the strong people in the villa, and his strength is even a four-star fighting immortal.

"Senior Luo." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, and then said slowly, but in that voice, there was a soul power at the level of fairyland and went towards the wooden door.

"Oh... the soul power of the fairyland?" Suddenly, the wooden door was slowly opened, and a unkempt old man came directly in front of Xiao Yan, constantly surrounding Xiao Yan, looking up and down.

"I can only help you here... The rest is up to you."

"If you need it, let me know at any time." Director Hua said slowly, and left here.

In the medicine pavilion, the privacy of buyers and sellers is protected. This is the case. The medicine pavilion only provides opportunities for buyers and sellers to communicate. As for whether the transaction is successful or not, it does not interfere at all.

"I heard that the old Luo has a thousand-year-old mysterious ice in his hand?" Xiao Yan also said straight to the point.

"Millennium Xuanbing?" When Luo Lao heard the words, he suddenly stopped turning towards Xiao Yan, his eyes filled with vigilance and staring at Xiao Yan.

"Little guy, I can tell you that although your fairyland soul power is really good, you are still a little too tender for me."

"And the thousand-year-old mysterious ice, that value, even if you take out the fifth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill, I will not exchange it with you. After all, when I desperately entered the sea of ​​​​dust, I was lucky enough to get such a small piece of the thousand-year-old mysterious ice. Let me fall." Luo Lao said nonchalantly.

"Hehe, Senior Luo, I believe that there is no deal that cannot be done in this world." Xiao Yan smiled slowly There was a sense of confidence in his voice.

"Oh?"

"This makes sense. If you can come up with some god-level fighting skills, or you can come up with other god-level pills, it's okay to exchange this thousand-year-old mysterious ice for you." Luo Lao said carelessly.

"This bastard..." Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help but feel a black heart. God-level fighting skills, even god-level medicine pills, were unique in the world.

"Since you don't have one, please come back."

"Broken copper and rotten iron, I don't like it." As soon as he finished speaking, Luo Lao turned around and walked towards his wooden door.

"I don't have any of these things...but I have one thing, I believe that Senior Luo will be interested." Xiao Yan did not have any setbacks as he slowly stared at Luo Lao and smiled.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!