Chapter 420: Horrible fight!

"Luding Ding San Hua Tong?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard this, obviously it was the first time he had heard of this unfamiliar name.

"Hehe, it's normal that I haven't heard of it. I'm afraid there are very few people I know. I was lucky enough to meet them in the desert of death, so I can tell them now."

"The three-flowered eyes of the furnace are basically the same as the three-flowered eyes of the snake, but if you look closely at the three-flowered eyes of the furnace, you will find that there is a trace of black in the middle of the three diamond-shaped lenses in the pupil. The lens, the role of the three-flowered eyes of the furnace is exactly the opposite of the three-flowered eyes of the blue snake."

"The role of the green snake's three-flowered pupils is the nemesis of all snake-shaped beasts. As for this cauldron with three-flowered pupils, it is the favorite of all snake-shaped beasts."

"In other words, this cauldron with three flowers is used as a cauldron to continuously store power, and when it grows to a certain level, it can be swallowed by the snake-shaped beast, thus greatly increasing its strength."

"It's just that this thing is only useful for snake-shaped beasts, and the method is quite cruel, so it restricts its potential." Elder Zhu also spoke slowly, but his voice was also full of displeasure.

Obviously, although this girl is the illegitimate child of humans and the Medusa family, she cannot be auctioned off.

"Xiao Yan, we must get her!"

"We must not let her fall into the wrong hands." Mu Yingying also turned her head, her beautiful eyes moved slightly, and said firmly to Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan also responded.

"This is... the blue snake with three flower pupils?" In the private room No. 1, Xuan Mu also stopped because he had only competed with the Nine Yin Demon Worm once before.

"Father, are they dizzy?" Xuan Mu was immediately surprised, his pupils staring at the woman on the crystal platform, obviously how could such a precious thing be put up for auction.

"Prince, don't be impatient, Wang, there is a reason for doing so naturally, it's better that we don't touch this thing." The old man beside Xuanmu also said slowly.

Although he doesn't know why, his intuition tells him that this is not the three-colored eyes of the blue snake, but not everyone has the eyesight of the old bamboo, so he can see this thing.

"Susu... It's actually the three eyes of the blue snake!"

"Anyway, you have to get it!" There were also evil voices in some private rooms, and there were some other evil meanings in the voices.

"Everyone, please start increasing the price." After giving these auctioneers some time to think and discuss, Blood Rose slowly raised her hand worth a thousand gold and jade, and then drank it against the sky.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"One volume of the prescription of the emperor-level first-grade Xuandan, the medicine is called Jiutian Broken Bone Marrow!"

"It is a kind of holy medicine for healing, and it also has miraculous effects on broken arms. As long as you take this medicine within three days after the broken arm, you will grow an arm that is quite compatible with the original one!" Private Room No. 10 Inside, there was a deep voice.

"Tsk tsk tsk... I'm really willing."

"The value of the first-grade Xuandan of the emperor's ranks is more precious than medicinal pills." Xiao Yan, an alchemist, couldn't help but smack his tongue when he heard this.

As a pharmacist, Xiao Yan knows better about the value of prescriptions and medicinal pills!

If you want to refine the medicinal herbs, the prescription is the most important thing, and having the medicinal formula together with the medicinal materials is enough to refine the medicinal herbs that make countless people jealous.

It can be said unceremoniously that among the three, prescriptions, medicinal materials and medicinal herbs, only the prescriptions are the most precious!

Because whether it is medicinal materials or medicinal pills, they are all one-time use things, but the prescription is different. A roll of high-level prescriptions is enough to make countless generations prosper, which is why the prescriptions are extremely precious.

"An emperor-rank first-grade earth pill: a robbery pill, which can greatly reduce the power of the catastrophe when experiencing the six-star Dou Emperor's catastrophe." In the private room on the 14th, there was also a cold snort. .

"Broken Tribulation Pill?"

"Tsk tsk tsk... This is a good thing."

"Even after being soaked in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, the calamity experienced when breaking through the Six-Star Dou Emperor should not be underestimated. If you add this robbery pill, you will be very sure." Mu Feng said hotly.

Because he also felt right, after experiencing the immersion in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, some of the black-yellow power that had been received from the Xuanling Emperor Pond seemed to be lurking in his body, and I was afraid that it would burst out in one fell swoop when he broke through to the Six-Star Dou Emperor.

"One emperor-rank first-grade Tiandan: double-patterned yin and yang heart!"

"As we all know, the power of yin and yang is collectively referred to as the power of life and death, and this power of life and death is the symbol of a strong fighting immortal. , so as to break through to the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor." There was a lazy voice in the No. 7 private room, but with the appearance of this thing, countless private rooms were shaking.

"Double yin and yang heart?"

"This thing actually exists?" In the private room No. 1, Xuan Mu's pupils shrank tightly, and he was obviously shocked by this sudden thing.

"It seems that I have to send someone to stare at this person. Since he dares to come up with such a thing, I am afraid that no one can be trusted without any strength." The old man on the side also became serious, and then said.

"It's actually... a double-patterned yin-yang heart!" Elder Zhu, who was a little lazy by the side, was instantly refreshed when he heard the words.

Because only after reaching the Nine Star Dou Di, can the power of life and death be born in the body, and the power of life and death is perfectly blended, so it can be called a real Dou Xian powerhouse!

For example, at the half-immortal level like Zhu Lao, the power of life and death in the body is already extremely strong, but it has not been perfectly integrated, and the strength has always been trapped at the half-immortal level.

And there is no doubt that if this double-patterned yin and yang heart is obtained, I am afraid that it is not a bad idea to break through the real battle of immortals.

"This is really a good thing." After Old Zhu finished speaking, he also had some plans, but when Xiao Yan was about to speak, he was directly stopped by Old Zhu.

"Let them take pictures, let's get a fisherman to benefit." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he squinted his eyes and smiled.

When Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying heard the words, they also had a stern smile. Obviously, this old Zhu is so sure!

Really worthy of being a semi-immortal powerhouse!

As the powerhouses in the No. 7 private room used this double-patterned yin and yang heart, the whole auction room was also boiling!

Few people know the terrifying effect of this double-patterned yin-yang heart!

But those who can recognize it are undoubtedly not some strong people! At least the strength is also a powerhouse of the eight-star Doudi level!

"Keep an eye on the No. 7 private room... This time, whoever auctions it to must get this pair of yin and yang hearts." A thought echoed in the minds of countless people.

In the No. 7 auction house, there are two figures here, one is a man in white clothes, and the other is a short figure.

"If it wasn't for the inability to decipher the yin and yang hearts of the two patterns, do you think I would take them out... But that's okay, as long as you cultivate with good intentions, you can also use it as a bargaining chip to break through the battle of immortals in the future."

"At that time, the entire Xuan Santian will not be ours."

"Hahaha." Uninhibited laughter permeated the entire private room.

"Young Master, don't be too happy for now. Even if this thing is photographed, how to leave is a big problem." The old man on the side also spoke slowly.

"This time... I will trouble the elder." The man also calmed down instantly, and then said to the old man.

"Yes." The old man also responded softly, and then stopped talking.

"But there is still a price increase?" Xue Qiangwei also saw that this little girl was able to fetch such a high price, and she was proud of her, and she was also saving her way.

Ask for tickets!

Ask for a guaranteed monthly pass at the beginning of the month!

I'm talking about an update too!

The author is too busy for the internship in June!

Therefore, the update of this month in June is scheduled to be updated every day, at 12 noon!

Feel sorry