Chapter Vol 4 1557: Shock!

"How could it be possible...how could the flame on this guy be a Great Heavenly Seed?"

"And the energy contained in this palm print is definitely not something that a three-star fighting immortal can display!" Looking at the strange palm print so close at hand, Old Huo also understood in his heart. He was absolutely unable to resist this blow, and a burst of remorse emerged in his heart. It was obvious that he had despised Xiao Yan too much before, so he ended up like this.

"Hey!" Just when Xiao Yan's brilliant attack was about to hit Huo Lao, Xiao Yan twisted his palm, and the dazzling seal of the Heavenly King immediately hit the hall not far away. At that time, there was a corner on the edge of the house. blasted directly.

"Hey, Mr. Huo, you must be too ruthless, right?"

"No matter how others say they are also disciples of the Spiritual Academy, they really don't give any face at all."

"Hahaha." Aware of such a strong flame power, Huo Liuxin in the hall couldn't help laughing. Although this fire attribute energy is more powerful than the power that Huo Lao usually displays, it is not too much. be surprised.

Although Huo Lao's strength is only half a step, he has truly defeated the powerhouses in the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. Therefore, he and the two disciples are naturally not worried at all.

"Sect Master Huo, it's really a good way." And just after the white smoke disappeared, two figures slowly appeared on the edge of the corner of the hall. One of them was holding a giant black ruler, and his gaze was vicious against the top of the hall. The man, and in a very contemptuous tone, said slowly.

"Crack!" Sect Master Huoyi heard the words, the tea set on the palm of his hand quietly fell to the ground and turned into debris, and a crisp sound suddenly sounded.

"You are... Xiao Yan?" At this time, looking at the two people in front of him, Huo Yi also understood something, and immediately lost his voice, the figures of these two Xiao Yan, they have already been distributed from the gold stickers in the Lingyuan before. I have seen it in the past, and now that the real person is here, it is naturally a little familiar.

"Because of the retreat, I came to my post a little late. Originally, the two of us were a little apologetic and tried to prepare some treasures to make amends, but now it seems that your Myriad Fire Sect has a lot of opinions on the two of us." Xiao Yan He opened his mouth slowly, and there was an unpleasant look in his voice.

"Hey, sir, where is this, you were personally arranged by the headmaster of the old ghost in the spiritual courtyard. Before today, our sect had a lot of affairs, so we didn't go out to receive them. I hope you, Sir Xiao Yan, have a lot of them." Afterwards, the Great Elder Huoyun on the side also said hurriedly and respectfully.

No way, from the broken foot in the hall, you can see the scenery outside the hall. Huo Lao's figure is quite embarrassed standing on the ground outside the hall. Although he is not injured, he has no fighting spirit. , and all of this is probably related to the young man in front of him.

"You two should know the information about the two of us." Xiao Yan looked at Huo Yi's hesitant speech and the sudden enthusiasm of Huoyun Great Elder, and nodded secretly. Obviously, the Sect Master was still not convinced, but now it is because of his spirituality. Because of the status of the hospital, I have to respect myself so much, but this matter cannot be rushed, and it can only be solved slowly in the future.

"Father..." Seeing this, Huo Liuxin couldn't help frowning.

"Sir, you are tired from the journey, so I will arrange accommodation for you, please come with me." After a while, the elder Huoyun slowly got up, and then left with Xiao Yan slowly. Xiao Yan and the two did not stay too much. , followed directly, because Xiao Yan was able to find out that the Great Elder seemed to respect the two of them, and he was not as violent and disobedient as Sect Master Huoyi, and he needed to subdue these guys, which would not work for a while. , I didn't hesitate to be here immediately, after all, the scene of defeating Huo Lao just now had the effect of dismounting.

"Father, why are you doing this?"

"This guy must be able to defeat Huo Lao, he must have used some shameful means." Seeing Xiao Yan and the two leaving, Huo Liuxin couldn't help but ask, obviously he was quite dissatisfied, Xiao Yan and the two were late for a long time, Being so reckless made him, the young sect master, deeply resentful.

"Elder Huo, are you alright?" Sect Master Huo Yi ignored Huo Liuxin's question, his figure flickered, and he walked directly outside the hall to help Lao Lao up.

"Sect Master, I'm fine." Huo Lao just got up, suddenly his limbs were weak, and he kept shaking his head, his expression was full of indifference, as if he had experienced a great disaster.

"Huo Lao, you are..." Huo Liuxin also hurriedly followed, looking at Huo Lao on the ground, he couldn't help but said, this Huo Lao did not love himself less in the past, and Huo Liuxin was also extremely fond of Huo Lao. Respect, seeing this elder so embarrassed now, his resentment towards Xiao Yan is even worse.

"Sect Master, our Wan Huo Sect is revived, and the top forces that squeeze into the Central Territory are hopeful." After a while, Huo Lao's palm slowly held the palm of Huo Yi Sect Master, and then his whole body trembled, his voice sounded intermittently, and his expression became abnormal. Get excited.

"Elder Huo, what do you mean by that?"

"By the way, didn't you just come out to dispose of this guy, how could it become like this..." Huo Yi was also puzzled, so he could only ask aloud.

"Sect Master, this old man is ashamed. With my half-step four-star fighting power, I would have been defeated if I didn't take out Lord Xiao Yan's second move. In the end, Lord Xiao Yan was merciful and didn't kill me and would attack me. The transfer just hit a corner of the hall."

"Also...Sect Master, I can feel that Lord Xiao Yan did not use all his strength, otherwise, even if it was you, he would be able to fight against it!"

"metropolitan!"

"Although Xiao Yan's strength is weak, I'm afraid he won't lose to you in combat!" After a while, there was a fiery gleam in Old Huo's pupils. Just now, Xiao Yan's king's seal was enough to destroy the complete powerhouse of Samsung Dou Xian. Coupled with the blessing of the Great Heavenly Seed Scarlet Flame, it is natural to make Huo Lao look like this.

Among the many forces in the Central Territory, if you want to reach the top force, the weakest also needs a late four-star Dou Xian strong person who may be enough to match the late four-star Dou Xian. , this Xiao Yan is definitely not a fuel-efficient lamp, and it can even be seen from the fact that he can easily transfer such a tyrannical attack at the end Huo Lao, this guy may have beaten you by chance, After all, you didn't use all your strength, and some took it lightly. Your evaluation is a little serious. Huo Liuxin, who was beside him, was also puzzled, that the usually unsmiling old Huo had such a high opinion of Xiao Yan, which was surprising.

"Old Huo, go back and rest. Tomorrow, call the senior sect leaders to hold a sect meeting at the competition platform to test the truth of this guy." After a while, Huo Yi also temporarily suppressed the anger in his heart and spoke slowly. The fire attribute has a violent temperament, but it is naturally not an idiot to be able to occupy a piece of land in this powerful central domain. Huo Lao said so, naturally he has noticed something.

"Father, why even you?" Huo Liuxin couldn't help being surprised when he saw this.

"What Huo Lao said is true or false, we will know tomorrow."

"If this Xiao Yan is so brave, what's wrong with my Ten Thousand Fire Sect leading him?"

"And if he really has a false name, then my Myriad Fire Sect will definitely not tolerate waste!" During the speech, an oppressive aura from the superiors suddenly descended. This aura is impressively the power of the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals!