Chapter Vol 4 959: Soul Eater and the Golden Dragon King

"The soul of fighting immortals?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan suddenly became puzzled when they heard the words. Obviously, this new name was too unfamiliar to them.

"Haha, I don't know if I don't blame you. After all, even the powerful Immortal Fighters don't know much about it." The Golden Dragon King laughed.

"I didn't expect this time to be so lucky. It's really the soul of a fighting immortal." Xiao Mu on the side also smiled slowly, but Xiao Yan could clearly feel a sense of weakness after Xiao Mu launched the attack just now, obviously The seemingly powerful attack just now was not small for Xiao Mu.

"However, it's really surprising that the soul-devouring talisman of the ghost world was actually obtained by this kid."

"If it weren't for this Soul Eater Talisman, I'm afraid this huge soul power would not have formed the soul of the Immortal Fighter."

"At the beginning, the patriarch had searched for hundreds of years and couldn't find it." Xiao Mu said with a smile.

"This thing is related to him."

"Let's do business first," said the Golden Dragon King.

"I don't know how you feel when you look at this group of soul light in front of you?" The Golden Dragon King smiled.

"It seems that the soul stone in my soul realm emits an extremely greedy aura..." Xiao Yan frowned, sensing the restlessness of the soul stone in his body.

This soul stone is naturally something that contains the power of the soul in Xiao Yan's soul realm.

"Your current soul power has already reached the emperor's realm-level small perfection. If you want to go further, I'm afraid it will be extremely difficult."

"You must know that the Emperor Realm Ordinary Rank corresponds to the Emperor Rank 1st-Rank Pharmacist, while the Emperor Rank Earth Rank corresponds to the Emperor Rank 2-Rank Pharmacist. As for the higher-level Emperor Realm Heaven Rank, it is the Emperor Rank 3rd-Rank Pharmacist." King Jinlong said.

"My current soul power is Emperor Realm Earth-level Small Perfection. For pharmacists at the highest level, it is only able to refine the Earth Pill in the Heaven and Earth Profound Realm of the Emperor's second rank. As for Tian Pill, I am afraid that it needs to reach the Emperor Realm Earth-level Great Perfection before refining."

"And if you want to step into the emperor rank third-grade pharmacist, I am afraid that it is only possible to break through the emperor rank." Xiao Yan shook his head weakly.

In Dou Di Continent, soul power is closely related to the rank of alchemist.

"good."

"But you don't know the preciousness of the soul of fighting immortals in front of you." The Golden Dragon King smiled when he saw Xiao Yan being so smart.

"After this time, maybe we have to be separated temporarily, so before we leave, you will completely absorb the soul of fighting immortals!"

"And with the power of the Soul Eater Talisman, it's enough to make your soul power reach the Emperor Realm Heavenly Great Perfection!" King Jinlong said.

"what!"

"Emperor Realm Heaven Level Great Consummation?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his chin was about to fall out!

Emperor Realm Heaven Level Great Perfection, what does this mean?

This means that the pinnacle of the emperor-level pharmacist will be the immortal-level pharmacist in the next step!

"What a great handwriting!" Xiao Mu smacked his tongue secretly when he heard this!

The soul power of the Emperor Realm Heaven Rank Great Perfection, this is a pharmacist that is comparable to the peak of the third rank of the emperor rank, and it is only one step away from the 4th rank alchemist of the immortal rank!

"This fighting spirit is very tyrannical, and it may be possible for him to reach the emperor's heaven-level small perfection, but it may be difficult for him to break through to the great perfection." Xiao Mu stared at Feng Zhen's soul power in front of him, and then spoke.

"Remember, the soul of Dou Xian, this is the only chance that a Dou Xian powerhouse with a domain will form after a special qualitative change when he dies."

"And this Feng Zhen's soul power has also reached the small perfection of the emperor realm, so if you devour his soul power, although it will not allow you to break through to the small perfection of the emperor realm, it will allow you to step into the emperor realm smoothly. Heaven level is no problem."

"But that's just Feng Zhen's soul power."

"At this time, Feng Zhen's soul power, under the mysterious effect of the soul-devouring talisman, has turned into the soul of fighting immortals. After you swallow it, it is enough to set foot on the emperor's realm, so it's extremely good to add the power of the three of us. It is possible for you to break through to the Great Perfection of the Emperor Realm!" said the Golden Dragon King.

"Three people?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he heard the words. The three were naturally the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Mu, but who was the other?

Ancestor Xiao Xuan?

Ancestor Xiao Xuan is too weak, shouldn't it be impossible?

However, before Xiao Yan could react, the Emperor Yan Ring on his finger broke through, and then a roar appeared.

"Golden Dragon King, you bastard, what do you want?" A voice full of anger slowly echoed.

"Soul Devouring Talisman?" Xiao Yan was suddenly surprised when he saw the breakthrough of the always mysterious Soul Devouring Talisman.

Although it has been vaguely guessed that there is an almighty hidden in the Soul Eater Talisman, but this almighty is too arrogant and has never made a move, so Xiao Yan does not know the details.

"Master of Soul Eater?" When Xiao Mu heard this voice, he suddenly said in a deep voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although Xiao Mu's strength is tyrannical, there is still a lot of gap between him and the Master of Soul Eater, so he is surprised at this time.

"Don't you know what I want to do?" The Golden Dragon King looked at the Soul Eater in the Soul Eater and said with a smile.

"Golden Dragon King, I respect you as the king of the dragon clan, and I don't want to have a grudge against you, but if you stop my life, today, even if the master is seriously injured, he will definitely not make you feel better." Inside the soul-devouring talisman, a A spooky ghostly energy emerged, and this ghostly energy even pushed the Holy Flame Domain back slightly.

"Hey, Master of Soul Eater, what are you anxious about?"

"Since Xiao Yan acquired you, you have been lurking in the Soul Eater Talisman, rarely helping Xiao Yan, and over the years, your soul power has not been absorbed in vain."

"Do you really think that this disciple of mine is treated so well in the body?"

"The rent has to be paid!" The Golden Dragon King's voice broke through, full of majesty, without the slightest smile.

"You!" Feeling this breath, the breath of Soul Eater suddenly weakened.

"Don't worry, I won't do anything to you. After we leave, my disciple hopes you will take care of one or two."

"It's just that the owner of the soul of fighting immortals now has to add some power in the soul-devouring talisman, so that he can be successfully promoted to the emperor's realm." Golden Dragon King Road What do I have benefit? "The Lord of Soul Eater also knows that it is not good to fight against the Golden Dragon King, and he is seriously injured. Xiao Yan's refining skills are very good. Although he is a very special ghost in the ghost world, he does not need to refine his body for resurrection, but he will be resurrected in the future. When you are hungry, you will inevitably need this guy.

"Benefits..."

"How about the friend of the Golden Dragon King?" The Golden Dragon King laughed.

"Deal!" The Soul Eater heard the words and directly agreed.

No one knows better than him that this Golden Dragon King's verbal promise is worth more than anything else!

Friends of the Golden Dragon King!

The Golden Dragon King is also the King of the Dragon Clan, which means that this Soul Eater will be a friend of the Dragon Clan in the future. That status is quite honorable!

"Then let's start." The Golden Dragon King said directly after seeing that he had reached a deal with the Master of Soul Eater.

"Xiao Yan, use the soul stone to absorb the soul of the Dou Xian!"

"As for whether you can reach the peak, it depends on your hunger." At this time, the Golden Dragon King also shouted.

And Xiao Mu and Xiao Xuan also nodded secretly. They all knew that the Golden Dragon King wanted to give Xiao Yan a great gift before leaving!

??Happy New Year!

? When I get better from the cold, the outbreak will end at the end of the period.

?I'm approaching the sect competition right now. It's also the last story of Xuan Sansan, the big climax. I need to write slowly and try to write it well!

?

????