Chapter 112: slander?

Murray's words were like thunder, and just after the words fell, countless pairs of eyes around the Yue Family compound were looking at Xiao Yan.

Hearing Murray's shout, Yue Yu and Yue Ru, the faces of the pharmacists in the distance suddenly changed, and they suddenly remembered that the milky white flame was just used when Xiao Yan was refining the medicinal pill!

At this moment, a shock enveloped everyone's heart!

At this moment, Xiao Yan's face slowly turned gloomy!

"So the person who killed Wu Huan, the son of Wucheng, was you, Xiao Yan!" Murray said relentlessly.

"Patriarch Mu is really joking. I have come to Yue's house since I came out of the ruins. Where can I go to the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains?"

"Furthermore, the son of Wuhuan's dignified Wucheng must be guarded by a strong person. I am a little alchemist, and I can't help but look down on me too much." Xiao Yan also said without hesitation.

"The breath of milky white flames we found is exactly the same as the breath on the body!"

Murray had long expected that Xiao Yan would not be captured so easily, so he brought his son Müller. Müller and Xiao Yan played against each other, and immediately recognized that the milky white flame was from Xiao Yanzhi. hand.

At this moment, it seemed that something was sensed. Above the Yue Family Courtyard, the atmosphere was deadly again, and the eyes were full of horror, staring at Xiao Yan at the edge of the sky.

"This guy, did he really kill Wu Huan?" An elder in the Yue family murmured.

"Not necessarily, that Wu Huan didn't die so easily, maybe he deliberately said this for revenge..." The third elder's always smiling face finally became solemn at this moment.

"Hehe, this Wucheng is really a good method. Using the death of Wu Huan as an excuse, he can arrest Xiao Yan in an upright manner..." Bai Su of the Alchemist Association also stared at Murray in the air and said slowly.

For Xiao Yan's silence, Murray's mouth overflowed with pride, and he said again: "In the ruins, you fought with my son, you used a milky white flame, and it was extremely powerful, this is what countless people have seen with their own eyes. , I guess it can't be fake, right?"

"There are many people who can use milky white flames on the Xuanling Continent. Could it be that these people killed Wu Huan's murderer?" Xiao Yan sneered.

Although he clearly knew that this was a trap, even if Xiao Yan told the fact that Wu Huan was not dead, many people would definitely not believe it.

Murray said coldly: "Others have milky white flames, but it really doesn't explain much, but according to Mu'er's previous statement, you have obtained the great fortune in the ruins, so the time to come out of the ruins is too late, just in time for Wu Huan. You have been retreating in the depths of the Warcraft Mountains, all of which indicate that you are the biggest suspect.”

"And now that you have the same flame as that mysterious person, if these are all coincidences. Isn't it a bit too much coincidence?"

The tit-for-tat words made Xiao Yan and Murray instantly become the new protagonists above the Yue Family compound.

All eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan. The eyes of many people watching the excitement were mixed with a mixture of horror and consternation.

They are also unbelievable that this young man is not much younger than them, not only the Emperor Grade Alchemist, but also the mysterious powerhouse who killed Wu Huan.

It is a well-known fact that the strength of a pharmacist is not comparable to a person who cultivates Dou Qi.

"Patriarch Mu, I don't want to talk too much with you. If you don't have conclusive evidence, it's better not to slander at will. Although your Wucheng is powerful, it's not very good for your reputation to spread, and your feet are long. On me, go or stay, it's not your turn to call the shots for me!"

The tit-for-tat atmosphere in the field continued for a long while, Xiao Yan raised his eyes and glanced at Murray, he seemed to understand, this old guy, today made up his mind not to let him leave, and a little impatience rose in his heart now. , said coldly

After speaking, Xiao Yan turned around without stopping, and fell towards the Yue Family compound.

"Xiao Yan, if you have any questions, please come back to Wucheng with us."

Murray waved his palm and shouted coldly: "Take him!" Murray's voice fell, and the dozen or so clan elites above the Yue Family compound suddenly shot out a dozen white shadows, their fighting spirits surged, and their bodies were in shape. During the movement, Xiao Yan was surrounded in an instant, without the slightest nonsense. These elites with cold faces flipped their hands, and their long swords flickered out. With a swing of the sword, more than a dozen sword shadows enveloped Xiao Yan.

"Do you really think that there is no one in my Yue family in Wucheng?" The third elder sighed helplessly, and turned his eyes to Xiao Yan in the field. Now, there is no escape.

The dozen or so elites around Murray who were about to arrest Xiao Yan were also shocked by the sudden momentum.

Seeing the sudden arrival of the third elder of the Yue family, Xiao Yan also thought a little.

The atmosphere of death and stillness enveloped the Yue family compound. Xiao Yan was silent for a long time, and suddenly took a step forward. This step in, immediately made the elites of the Mu family tense up. The faint fighting spirit was faintly visible. The beginning of wafting out.

"I don't know what Mu Family Master is talking about." He slowly raised his head and glanced at the Mu Family elite who were ready to attack at any time. Xiao Yan's brows were slightly wrinkled, his tense body relaxed a little, and his voice was flat, To tell the truth, he didn't want to fall out with Wucheng. This force that has been standing in the Xuanling Continent for so many years, its background is also not to be underestimated.

However, this does not mean that Xiao Yan is afraid of them. Now Xiao Yan is not only a three-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse, but also a first-order Emperor Rank alchemist. With such identities, even Murray's level Everyone should be respectful when they see it, but this is someone else's territory after all, and he doesn't want to completely tear his face until the last moment.

"Hmph, I don't know?" Hearing this, a sneer appeared on Murray's face.

"If you have anything to say, just follow me back." Murray also shouted.

"Humph! It's just nonsense!" Yue Yu was also slightly angry, this was obviously a conspiracy against Xiao Yan.

At the beginning, under the soft grinding of his daughter, he promised his daughter to go to the depths of the Warcraft Mountains to pick up Xiao Yan. When the two of them reached the depths of the Warcraft Mountains, Wu Huan was beaten by Xiao Yan. He was seriously injured, but not fatal, and when De Yueyu took action, Wu Huan was also rescued.

How come Wu Huan was killed by Xiao Yan?

"Hahaha, Patriarch Yue, don't be impatient. This is a personal grievance between the Mu family and Xiao Yan of the Wu family in Wucheng. If Patriarch Yue insists on getting involved..."

"Then the price is that the Yue family will go to war with the two of us!" Murray also resounded through the sky like thunder.

"Hahaha, little friend Xiao Yan is not only the dedicated elder of my Yue family, but also has contributed greatly to my Yue family."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This old man is still protected today!" Yue Yu also laughed loudly.

"The head of the family is unacceptable, the anger of the Mu Wu family is not something we can afford..."

"I hope the patriarch thinks twice..." Wen Yan Yueyu made a decision, and several elders in the Yue family also spoke out.

"Hahaha, then my Yue family will take such a gamble. My Yue family will protect this kid." The silent third elder remembered what Yue Yu had said to him, and immediately shouted.

"Shut up, I have made up my mind, I will bear all the consequences!" Yue Yu also said while looking at everyone in the Yue family.

Yueru glanced at her father, and found that her father was incomparably great at this time...

Ask for a ticket~

It's going to break out tomorrow, make up the two changes owed last week!