Chapter Vol 4 1802: Tuoshe takes action and concludes a contract!

"Emperor Tuoshe?" Xiao Yan stood blankly on the spot, his eyes narrowed, and he lost his voice when he looked at the shocking scene in front of him.

"Hoohoho!" Following Xiao Yan's loss of voice, the quietly crawling dark underworld priest suddenly turned around, and his black eyes stared at Xiao Yan. For a time, Xiao Yan only felt that he was in a cold cave, and the cold sweat would not stop. Controlled dripping down.

"Presumptuous, this is your partner." At this moment, the old man behind the body of the dark underworld was floating in the air, exclaiming, and there was an unquestionable majesty in his voice.

"Weng Om!" Called by the old man, the Dark Mage turned back like a rather well-behaved cat, quietly crawling down, daring not to resist.

"Old...Teacher, is it really you?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's figure moved, and in an instant he came to the old man, the corners of his eyes were wet, his nose was sour as he looked at the old man in front of him and lost his voice.

Since the first time I came to Dou Di Continent, I have seen it once, and this is the second time I have seen it.

"My inheritor... Thank you for your hard work." Ancient Emperor Tuoshe seemed to have incomplete memories, but he also smelled a familiar smell from Xiao Yan, and smiled slightly, and there was actually a lot of dark space around him. warm flame.

"Teacher, what is this?" Xiao Yan immediately knew the seriousness of the matter, and immediately spoke sternly.

"This is a different space, it can be regarded as the special power of the dark underworld, but you are still in that special place in the depths at this time." Twenty-two kinds of flames flickered in the gorgeous hair of Dosheguni, even between the eyebrows. A terrifying aura that surpassed the heavens and the earth emerged slightly.

"I'm just a residual power now. As your strength increases, some things in the Emperor Flame Ring and what I left behind will gradually be revealed."

"So let's get down to business." Seeing to see through the many doubts in Xiao Yan's heart at a glance, the gorgeous hair of the ancient emperor Tuo She turned into two futons, covering the bodies of the two.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan only felt that he was like a dry desert suddenly nourished by all things, and the power in his body instantly became round and saturated. Before Xiao Yan knew it, he broke through to the late stage of Five Star Fighting Immortal. level.

"A long time ago, the Soul Palace did serve the foreign evil clan together with Sin, but during the first world war, the Soul Palace betrayed the foreign evil clan and became unique."

"However, their purpose is unclear, and they have experienced the first world war, and countless powerhouses have fallen, so that the power of these dirty guys in the Soul Palace has skyrocketed. Now what they are planning, I am afraid you still need to understand." Tuo Shegu God opened his mouth.

"Also, what is being researched by Sima, the fifth crime, must not be successful. Even if it is successfully researched by him, he must do his best to obtain or destroy it, otherwise this guy is likely to bring about a great world. There is a great uproar." Ancient Emperor Tuoshe continued to speak, although his voice was flat, but the warning was obvious.

"Why is this?" Although Xiao Yan also smelled an evil power from the fruit in the evil cauldron, he muttered when he saw a strong man as strong as Emperor Tuoshe.

"In the first World War, there was a guy with extraordinary talent in the crime who developed the model of this thing. Unfortunately, it was not successful at the time. Now that thousands of years have passed, these crazy guys in the crime continue to study. , I'm afraid it's only a matter of time..." Tuoshe Gudi said slowly.

"Disciple knows it, but it's obviously a bit of a disciple with the strength to intervene in the battle of the eight-star fighting immortal level..."

"So teacher, aren't you?" At this time, Xiao Yan scratched his head and grinned.

"You are very clever... but what you said is not unreasonable, and it's not time for me to show up, after all, there are... angels... angels." At the end of the sentence, the voice became weaker, Rao Shi Xiao Yan didn't hear it either.

"Have you seen this guy?" Emperor Tuoshe raised his fingers slightly, pointing to the dark underworld in front of him and said.

"This guy... is very strong." Xiao Yan stared at the dark underworld warrior lying quietly in the dark space, saying word by word, even in a quiet state, Xiao Yan is definitely not the opponent of this guy, it seems that A random blow from the Dark Underworld can kill him.

Today, the Dark Lord stands here as quietly as a human knight, under the arrangement of Emperor Tuoshe Gu.

"I will let you sign a contract with it, and you can drive it at will in the future, but you have to remember some things."

"The Great Thousand World does not include the Underworld, and the Underworld is too mysterious enough to form a three-legged situation with the Great Thousand World and the foreign evil race, so this guy, unless it is a last resort, don't rashly use it." Tuo She Gu said.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan heard the words, and his eyes were filled with gold stars!

To conclude a contract, this is a method that can only be used by practitioners of the summoning attribute.

The summoning attribute is almost as precious as the alchemist. Their fighting method is never to fight the enemy head-on, but to use the power of the dimension to summon some tyrannical creatures to assist them in their battles.

"Condition your breath, I will pave the way for you." Emperor Tuoshe continued.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words, closed his eyes, and calmly adjusted the breath in his body.

"Five Star Fighting Immortals is in the late stage?" Xiao Yan was surprised to find that he had actually made a breakthrough!

In order to revive Mu Yingying's original source, she was damaged a little bit before, but fortunately, Xiao Yan replenished her later, but her strength dropped by one star.

Now, under the coercion of the powerhouses and the help of the ancient emperor Tuoshe, Xiao Yan is returning to the late stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortals.

"Let's start." Seeing Xiao Yan's steady breath, Emperor Tuoshe said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, his eyes extremely solemn.

"With my divine power, create a star road!"

"Conclude a contract of equality!" At this time, the ancient emperor Tuoshe stood between Xiao Yan and the dark underworld, and a golden holy light appeared all over his body The light was holy, like a real god's residence, when a touch of Like a small beast, the star pattern blasted away at the two.

"Weng buzzing!" With a sound, dragon scales suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's arm, and one of the rather ancient patterns of dominance appeared on his arm.

"The third change of the Dragon God, the pattern of the underlord?"

"Good boy."

"Then I'll imprint it on the palm of your hand." Looking at the lines on Xiao Yan's arm, Emperor Tuoshe laughed strangely.

"Boom!" For a time, a figure about the size of a fist slowly appeared on the forehead of the Dark Underworld. It was the appearance of Xiao Yan in the mini version. On the other hand, on the palm of Xiao Yan's palm, the Dark Underworld was as straight as a human being. The phantom is also engraved on it!

For a while, there was a special connection going on in this different dimension, and the source of the connection was Xiao Yan and the Dark Underworld!

"Different Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler... You still follow this little guy. In the future, he will definitely be able to help you restore the name of the divine weapon, and burst out the luster that belongs to you!"

"Weng Om!" The ancient emperor Tuoshe stroked the heavy ruler lightly, as if he had left some mysterious power on it, and the holy pattern on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was also shaking violently, as if he had encountered his true self. Master, very excited!

But after a while, the space was quiet, and the equality contract between Xiao Yan and the Dark Underworld continued.