Chapter 449: 3 Color swallowing python scales!

"Three-colored swallowing python?" With Tang Tang's exclamation, all the people in the entourage couldn't help but click their tongues slightly.

Some ancient alien beasts are famous, but there are still many people who don't know it. Obviously, the few people in front of them are the people who don't know.

"I didn't expect to meet the three-colored swallowing python here!" Tang Tangyu covered her mouth with her hand to hide her indescribable surprise!

It's no wonder that Tang Tang is so surprised, because this swallowing python is the most terrifying existence in the entire snake human race, and it is no exaggeration to say that it is the royal family among the nine major tribes of the entire snake human race!

Unlike ordinary human races, among the snake people, what they advocate is not power, but the power of blood.

Only with the extremely terrifying blood power, the strength and status of the snake people will rise, and the strong people in the snake people will regard them as treasures!

Because among the snake people, the bloodline that has evolved to the highest level is the legendary Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!

It's just that this ten-colored swallowing python, since the creation of the Great Thousand World, not only in the Doudi Continent, but even in the records, there is no snake person who cultivated at all. Although I don't know why, but throughout his life, Many strong snake people, people with the bloodline flames of the Medusa family and the bloodline of the swallowing python, all stopped at the colorful swallowing python, unable to advance even a little bit.

Such a bizarre phenomenon has made countless snake people quite discouraged, so the Three Flower Eyes of the Furnace Ding Ding came into being.

The role of the three-flowered eyes of the furnace, although the snake people are not very clear about its specific effect, the only thing that every snake-human person knows is that as long as the snake-humans are born with the three-colored eyes of the furnace, then in a certain sense In terms of the above, it is tantamount to the time when their snake people were splendid and prosperous!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This is also the reason why Luding Sanhuatong is more affectionate with Snake People than Bi Snake Sanhuatong.

"Three-colored swallowing python... I didn't expect to encounter such an ancient alien beast here that has been hard to come across for thousands of years." The old man Dashui said in a low voice.

"Master, do you know this thing?" Dashan, a rather burly man, seemed to find that his master was quite familiar with the three-colored snake scales in front of him, so he said in a low voice.

"That's right... It is said that this swallowing python can be divided into ten colors from one color, ten colors swallowing the sky, the sun, moon and stars can be swallowed with its mouth, and the eyes can shake the world!" Da Shui said slowly.

"You can swallow the sun, moon, and stars with your mouth open, and your eyes can shake the world!" Da Shankou said slowly, but his voice was extremely shocked.

"It's actually a three-colored swallowing python..." As soon as Xiao Yi saw the three-colored snake scales, the corner of her mouth slightly raised, and she said thoughtfully.

Her sister-in-law, Xiao Yan's wife, Cai Lin, Queen Medusa, seems to be a strong snake-human race with the bloodline of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python!

"Swallowing python... what is that?" Mu Yingyingbei on the side moved her lips slightly, although she didn't know what they were talking about, but from the mouths of the four of them, Tang Tang and Xiao Yi could not help but hear something. clues.

"Swallowing the python..."

"Heaven-swallowing pythons are some ancient alien beasts. If they evolve into ten-colored sky-swallowing pythons, then their strength is comparable to the four mythical beasts of Xuanwu Qinglong, Vermilion Bird and White Tiger!"

"If this three-colored swallowing python cultivates to the level of the legendary ten-colored swallowing python, then its strength is probably enough to set foot on the fighting god..."

"They are on an equal footing with those four great beasts..." Xiao Yi said slowly.

The Azure Dragon and White Tiger Xuanwu Suzaku, these are the four great mythical beasts recognized by the Great Thousand World. They don't know how much energy they have given to maintain the Great Thousand World. Naturally, many humans worship and respect them.

"Is it really that powerful..." After hearing what Xiao Yi said, Mu Yingying raised the corner of her mouth slightly and said dully.

"I didn't expect to see the swallowing python that has been extinct for many years here, and it is also a three-color swallowing python!"

"Although I can tell from the snake scales that this swallowing python is not strong, if it grows up in the future, I am afraid that the first unlucky royal family will be Xuanling."

"The Xuanling royal family and the Medusa clan and the nine or nine tribes have been fighting for thousands of years, and the grudges are deep." Tang Tang said slightly.

"The nine major tribes of the Medusa family are not so easy to mess with..." The coyote said.

As their Bloodblade mercenary group, they are very aware of the horror of the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan in the desert of death, so even the Xuanling royal family has three major legions sitting in town, wanting to destroy the Medusa clan , I am afraid it is not so easy.

"Let's fetch water first. It is inevitable that the three-colored sky-swallowing python will be back here, so it will be troublesome... After all, the ancient alien beast like the three-colored sky-swallowing python must be accompanied by strong people."

"We are still some distance from the destination of this trip, so try to save your grudge on the road." Tang Tang said.

"En." After Tang Tang finished speaking, the eight people around responded instantly, and then they took out the water container from the Najie and drew water from the clear lake.

"Because of the three-colored sky-swallowing python just now, this water may be highly poisonous." Yan Xiao finished speaking, and the huge power of flames poured out directly, and then went towards the lake.

With the injection of Xiao Yan's flame, an extremely transparent green water droplet was continuously drawn out from the lake water, and finally turned into a small pool of green liquid.

Just as the green liquid appeared, a bottle appeared in Yan Xiao's hand, and he whispered in his mouth, "The venom of this three-colored swallowing python is a good thing."

After speaking, he rudely put away the liquid.

Seeing this, the surrounding people also coughed a few times in embarrassment, and then continued to absorb the water.

Although it is okay for Dou Di strong people to not eat, in this desert, it is necessary to replenish water. Otherwise, if you keep using Dou Qi to resist the heat in this desert, I am afraid that most of the Dou Qi will have been squandered before reaching the destination. This is obviously not what Tang Tang wants to see.

"Little Brother Yanxiao, we have finished the water Next, I have to trouble you to make some simple antidote pills and elixir to restore vindictiveness." Wu Yu, a man with a scar on the side, smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Well, bring the medicinal materials." Yan Xiao was not hypocritical, and said directly. After all, the three Yan Xiao and their Blood Blade Mercenary Group are still cooperative, so they didn't pretend to be a pharmacist.

"Hey, sometimes I really envy you pharmacists. When we ask you to make medicines, you have to bring your own medicinal materials, and if you fail to make medicines, let's not talk about it. If you fail, you will have to pay for the medicinal materials yourself."

"If it is successful, then the Dan Thunder Tribulation is also a very headache!"

"If it is successful, we will owe you a huge favor." Wu Yu said with some envy.

"Cough, cough..." Yan Xiao glanced at Wu Yu when he heard the words, then took the heavy medicinal herbs in Wu Yu's hand, and immediately sat cross-legged.

Time passed day by day, ten days passed in a blink of an eye.

In the past ten days, no one has appeared on this oasis, but in the sky of the oasis, the huge thunderclouds are constantly condensing. Just when Tang Tang and the others were about to make a move, Xiao Yan summoned the golden demon puppet and put those Dan Lei absorbed everything.

The Golden Demon Puppet absorbed these Pill Thunder Tribulations, and the golden energy of his body constantly flooded his body, and an extremely terrifying physical aura emerged.

"Master, you have transformed a good thing for me... The appearance of this Golden Demon Puppet is no less than that of a five-star Dou Emperor who has achieved perfection just by virtue of his physical strength!"

Ask for tickets!