Chapter Vol 4 2135: Thunder Fire Yamamu, strangle 4 Wings!

"Xiao... Xiao Yan?"

The long-lost silence lasted for a few breaths, and was suddenly awakened by the violent energy fluctuations in the sky. I don't know who whispered softly, and couldn't help breaking the silence.

"Well, it's me."

The figure in the deep pit on the ground slowly spoke, and the voice seemed to be filled with a special magic, which made them feel warm and cordial.

"Cai Lin... Yingying."

"Elder Xiao, Gui Xiao, Mu Feng."

"Old Bamboo, Old Snake..."

"My relatives and friends, master and brother, you have worked hard for you. Just leave the next thing to me."

The smoke on the ground disappeared gently, and a rather thin figure stepped out step by step with a deep smile.

As this guy stepped out, the entire sky became quiet, as if countless energies were just to welcome his return!

"Well... the power of the Yin-Yang Order is really mysterious."

Stepping out one step, a darkened white mysterious crystal was thrown back to Mu Feng.

"Hey-hey."

Mu Feng accepted it safely, black and white merged, and the real yin and yang order was returned to his hands, although most of the power was temporarily used, and then a group of strong men descended together.

When Mu Feng appeared just now, half of the power of the Yin-Yang Order was dispersed and moved towards Xiao Yan, so Xiao Yan was able to get out of the customs in such a short period of time, and Mu Feng's inescapable credit.

After all, with the help of the resources of the entire endless fire domain, the nourishment of the eighth-grade medicinal herbs of the Yao family, the power of yin and yang, and the blessing of immortality and immortality in Xiao Yan's body, the Nirvana transformation recipe only took dozens of days, it was only the time that Xun'er needed. , I'm afraid it will be longer.

"Xiao Yan!!!"

Looking at this figure, Kelly's attack stopped abruptly, and there was an unbelievable look in her eyes.

Didn't the Pope say that Xiao Yan was in retreat in the Medicine Clan?

Why does it appear in the endless fire domain?

The passages to the four continents of Doudi Continent have been sealed by the Pope, and now it will take several months to cross the continents!

what's the problem?

"Angel Kelly."

Xiao Yan lifted off into the sky, slowly facing Kelly, a rare smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

The trip to the Medicine Clan was the best chance for him to be reborn into Nirvana. If it weren't for the actions of the red-clothed Archbishop Lacey and the others, they would not have achieved who he is today!

Moreover, he and this four-winged angel have long been old rivals!

In the demon world, if this guy hadn't captured the Demon of Light, I'm afraid there wouldn't be a lot of trouble.

"Even if you are reborn, so what?"

"I am reincarnation, and even more of an angel of the Holy See!"

"Back then in the demon world, I was able to beat you around like a bereaved dog, but now I can!"

"Suffer to death!"

Seeing Xiao Yan's fearless appearance, Kelly shrugged and snorted coldly. The angel's wings behind her were bursting with dazzling white beams of light. body!

Four-winged angel, Kelly!

A reincarnation stage!

"Yes?"

"Then why is your body shaking?"

Xiao Yan didn't make any extra moves, his deep eyes stared at Kelly's appearance quietly, and sneered.

Xiao Yan knew that Kelly's strength was only the weakest in the first stage of reincarnation, and she was still not in the mainstream. After casting Angel's Wings, the increase was weak, and she was now enough to cope with it.

I don't know why, when Xiao Yan watched Kelly so much, an indescribable cold spread out from the depths of her body. It seemed that the danger brought by this man with only the strength of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal in front of him was comparable to Samsara!

"Afraid?"

"Feel the judgment of God!"

"Angel with four wings, the afterglow of light!"

Suppressing the heart palpitations that erupted in her body, Kelly chanted the most ancient spell of light from the corner of her mouth, and countless rays of light turned into a curtain of sky, falling from the sky!

"Bang bang bang!"

The curtain of the sky transformed by the wings of the angels drained the entire endless fire area of ​​nearly a thousand miles of space, the energy of heaven and earth, etc., and the terrifying power was enough to stifle everything!

"Wong Buzz!"

In the face of this level of attack, Xiao Yan smiled casually, the golden immortal golden body enveloped his body, and he displayed a demon emperor heavenly image, covering the entire endless fire domain, and immediately looked at Kelly with a smile.

"Boom!"

At the moment when the curtain of the sky and Xiao Yan's two defenses clashed, countless thunderous screams sounded like a **** crying in a low voice, and a deafening energy explosion swept the entire sky!

"Sisi!"

I am afraid that the energy wind will turn into countless storms, raging against the endless fire territory, and the aftermath of that level of energy, even some eight-star fighting immortal powerhouses, dare not stay the slightest.

"How... how is it possible?"

The curtain of the sky fell, and Kelly's breath began to fall into a state of sluggishness. However, such a terrifying attack only made Xiao Yan's golden giant retreat dozens of steps, and did not even cause any substantial damage to the endless fire territory and Xiao Yan. s damage!

Oneself reincarnation, even the most incompetent level, but dealing with a guy in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal, why is this so?

The energy of the Curtain of Light slowly disappeared. Although Xiao Yan was still retreating, the space above the sky at this time was like a void devoured by a black hole.

"This guy, what a terrifying method."

"I actually injected my own attribute power and holy flame power into the two defensive golden bodies."

Xiao Zifan laughed as he looked at the demon emperor celestial appearance covering the endless fire domain, and the amber fire patterns around the immortal golden body on Xiao Yan's body.

Xiao Yan's two defenses are inherently tyrannical, and they are also blessed by the fire of holy flame and its attributes. Facing the current chaos of Kelly, it is naturally no problem!

"Don't think you can deceive me by fooling these cats and dogs."

"The dignity of an angel is not easy..."

There was a hint of suspicion on Kelly's face, but she still has a trick!

Although Kelly's strength is true to the first level of reincarnation, but she is not a guy from the Holy See branch of Dou Di's mainland, and her strength is only the first level of reincarnation that she reluctantly stepped into by borrowing drugs. , A person blessed by several powers, a powerhouse who has stepped into the peak step by step, is naturally helpless.

This kind of feeling is like a second-generation ancestor who took medicine and met a guy with real kung fu, and the outcome was already doomed.

"A lot of nonsense."

"I just ask you one question!"

"Where is the Demon of Light now?"

Xiao Yan stepped out, the curtain of light shattered instantly, and the terrifying majesty made the restlessness of this space become extremely quiet.

"You can't protect yourself, and are you still in the mood to take care of others?"

"It's ridiculous!"

"As for the demon of light, let the demon emperor solve it himself!"

Kelly said disdainfully, she was able to detect the terrifying changes in Xiao Yan's transformation.

"Since that's the case...then our account with the Holy See will start with you."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a rather mysterious power suddenly appeared on his body.

Clan lines flickering, amber flames, cyan wood vines, and a touch of thunderous roaring breath, the current Xiao Yan is no longer what it used to be!

"Fire, wood... thunder?"

Kelly noticed this scene, and the whole person became extremely surprised!

"Thunderfire Hell King Wood!"

The power of Xiao Yan's soul slanted out, three groups of extremely dazzling energy, directly under the gaze of countless people, almost instantly completed the fusion, with the addition of the power of clan marks, this blow is outrageously strong.

A piece of dark-black wood that was about the length of an arm lay quietly in front of Xiao Yan, but anyone could clearly smell the terrifying aura emanating from it!

"Pfft With a sound, Xiao Yan held the Thunder Fire Hell Wood in his hand, the speed was like a ghost, and he appeared in front of Kelly before he could take any action.

"Guru..."

"I'm an angel, you can't..."

Finally, after Xiao Yan approached her, Kelly realized how stupid she was, and even smelled an unprecedented fear from the wooden stick in Xiao Yan's hand!

"Don't worry, the guys from the Holy See will also accompany you."

"Crack!"

Thunderfire Yamamu didn't stop at all, and easily passed all the defenses of Angel's Wings and hit the heart.

Then Kelly's breath and body shattered like a crystal block, and the body and spirit were all destroyed, leaving no trace of residual breath!

txt download address:

phone-reading: