Chapter Vol 4 2032: Righteousness, let me be who!

"Huhu." For a while, Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly. It seemed that no matter how realistically he created a blindfold to lure the evil and charming scholar into being fooled, and tried to take the opportunity to attack, he would be perfectly seen through, and Xiao Yan's camp had already The six chess pieces covered with evil and charming scholars are in danger.

Of the six pieces, Xiao Yan only analyzed the exact identities of the two pieces. The scout was Gu Xu's body, and the dead body was Gu Qing's body. As for the other four, they were not detected due to their constant defense.

On the other hand, Scholar Xie Enchanted has detected all five pieces of Xiao Yan's chess pieces, and because of the special nature of the ghost pieces, they did not disappear until they were detected.

At the same time, in the forest of death.

On the chessboard, the wind and waves seemed calm, but in fact, there was a monstrous rain of blood in the forest of death.

In the forest of death, people moved one after another. Although they fought each other and even knew each other, they didn't know each other's identity at all. Every time they moved, every time they tried, there would be a burst of sigh.

"Damn... I can't go on like this." The Peerless Heavenly Emperor, King Xun'er and the two guards were quite close, and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor couldn't help but said.

"Brother Xiao Yan is too cautious, we will all be slowly eaten away by the evil and charming scholars." Xun'er also nodded thoughtfully, she naturally knew that Xiao Yan was so timid to let more people live.

"He is here to let more of us live."

"But the life-and-death chessboard cannot be left unscathed, and the opponent is a strong chess player." The two guards, Bronze and Gu Yulan, looked at each other.

"Brother Xiao Yan, let's give it a shot, no matter whether we succeed or fail, we have no regrets." Xun'er knew Xiao Yan very well, and immediately raised his head to the sky and let out a long roar.

"Weng buzzing!" Although Xiao Yan was unable to communicate with them, Xun'er's voice unreservedly reached Xiao Yan's ears, and Xiao Yan's body suddenly trembled, as if he understood something.

"Huhu...Then let's start the counterattack." Xiao Yan seemed to have made a big decision. Instead of worry and fear in his eyes, an unprecedented majestic fighting spirit emerged, directly with a general ancient Tian Yan, the sacrifice of Gu Yuan and a scout Gu Li, entered the camp of the evil and charming scholar, but Xiao Yan secretly carried a chess piece on the sacrifice chess piece.

"Oh?"

"Have you started a counterattack?"

"That's how it's interesting." Seeing Xiao Yan's 180-degree turn, the Xie Charm Scholar stopped sneering and became serious.

"Attack!" Xiao Yan moved the general Gu Tianyan directly, and attacked the opponent with a dark chess piece, no doubt showing his fierce suffocation.

Through the battle just now, Xiao Yan had probably guessed that this piece was the enemy's guard.

"Squeak."

"Black chess piece, the health value is reduced by 2." An ancient Sanskrit sound, like a combination of dark power and evil power, sounded on the chessboard, and the power was unrivaled.

The guard's original health value was 2. Now that he was attacked by the general, his health value had dropped to 0, but he did not disappear. If he wanted to disappear, only if his health value reached a negative number.

"No, we must return to defense." Seeing Xiao Yan suddenly turn from offense to defense, Scholar Xie Enchantment felt a huge pressure.

"Ancient Immortal Ruler!"

"Add 1 attack power!"

"Attack!"

"..." The orderly instructions were carried out slowly under Xiao Yan's dignified expression. After a while, the two guards of the Black side were completely beheaded by Xiao Yan. On the other hand, Xiao Yan's place was still twelve chess pieces, only Among them, the general chess piece Gu Tianyan has zero health, and if he is attacked, he will probably fall completely.

Gu Tianyan is the great elder of the ancient clan, and his strength is close to that of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal. He was brought into them from the black side when the chessboard was in chaos. Xiao Yan did not want to let him fall. After all, such power was for the ancient clan. has an important position.

"After killing my two generals, do you still want to run?" The army called back, and the Xie Charm scholar completely wrapped Xiao Yan's chess pieces.

"Damn, I'm being careless." Looking at this appearance, Xiao Yan also understood that this guy was laying a long line and catching big fish. He immediately used two guards to attract him, so he wanted to behead his general chess piece, and he was evil and charming. The scholar guessed that the sacrificial chess pieces were loaded with king chess, so the killing was so fierce!

"This time, I'll see how you can stop it!" The next moment, the corpse and the scout moved forward, attacking Xiao Yan's chess piece, trying to detect the corpse and the ghost to ensure that their attack was foolproof.

"Haha." In the forest of death, Gu Tianyan's spirit body looked at the gloomy suffocating qi around him, looking at his dying health, and immediately looked at Gu Yuan, the priest beside him, and sneered.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, let go and attack!"

"Even if this old man dies, he will drag one of the other generals to his death!"

"My ancient man, there has never been a person who is greedy for life and fear of death!" Gu Tianyan's high-pitched voice contained a hint of madness. He naturally knew his situation, but in order to let Xiao Yan help the ancients to tide over the difficulties, he acted as a Great Elder, it's hard to blame!

"Attack!" Xiao Yan moved General Gu Tianyan's chess piece with difficulty, and attacked the enemy general's chess piece, Shumo.

The Book Demon had only 1 health left, and was attacked by a checker with an attack power of 2, and instantly annihilated.

"Black Shogun, Shumo, White Shogun, Gu Tianyan, the health is exhausted, remove the chessboard." The icy chilling voice rang out, and then both bodies disappeared at the same time.

As the figures on the chessboard just disappeared, in the forest of death, the bodies of the two were instantly shattered like glass. No trace of breath or soul power was left behind, and they completely disappeared here.

This kind of disappearance, or death, or fall, I am afraid that only the legendary strong angels have a chance of resurrection.

"Damn it..." Seeing that Xiao Yan's dying general chess piece actually gave him a big general chess piece, the evil scholar couldn't help roaring.

I am a sheep entering the tiger's mouth!

"Senior, I'm sorry." Tears welled up in Xiao Yan's eyes, Gu Tianyan's righteousness is definitely not something that ordinary humans can do. He used his own sacrifice to pave the way for Xiao Yan's victory.

Today, Xiao Yan still has eleven chess pieces left, while the Xie Charm Scholar has only nine pieces left.

"I can't believe you can keep doing this forever!"

"Look at me!" While speaking, the evil spirit scholar walked over the river boundary with all his breath behind him, and roared at Xiao Yan incessantly.

For a time, the sacrificial chess pieces in the local camp in the depths of Xiao Yan remained motionless, which seemed to be a conspiracy trap.

Xiao Yan was betting on whether the scholar's judgment was correct.

The Xie Mei Scholar obviously wanted to mobilize all the pieces to intercept Xiao Yan's retreat. If Xiao Yan's sacrificial pieces were equipped with king pieces, I am afraid that this time the life and death chessboard has already won or lost, but if the sacrificial body is not the king, I am afraid The evil and charming scholar will also be self-defeating.

For a time, in the whole battle situation, the power of the evil enchanted scholar became weaker and weaker, and the entire life and death chessboard was entering the final moment!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: