Chapter Vol 4 1409: The ancient patriarch!

Above Douyun Continent, there is a rather mysterious place.

This place is surrounded by darkness all day long. In the darkness, there is a powerful imprisoning force, and no one knows where this place is.

In the space, on a bumpy terrain, dozens of strong people are like coma. Lying here, apart from steady breathing, there is no other symbol, but the breath in their bodies is the weakest, all of them. The full owner of the five-star fighting immortal strength!

And in this void, dark auras kept squirming, like guards patrolling one by one, completely guarding the place.

"Weng Om!" In an instant, a dark aura suddenly emerged from a certain void, but on the surface of this black aura, there were actually pink flames beating. These flames, like elves, were extremely terrifying.

"How's it going?" After scanning the dozens of people who showed no signs of waking up, the black shadow of pink flames said at that time.

"After the palace master suppressed them, he ordered us to monitor them day and night."

"Besides that, the power of our Soul Palace on the Xuanling Continent seems to have disappeared..."

"The two Fighting Immortals that I sent before also disappeared." With the arrival of the pink flame figure, in this space, countless black qi stopped squirming and came to him one after another, standing side by side. , forming dozens of shadows, one of them said.

"Oh?"

"On the Xuanling Continent, the strongest person is only one or two star Dou Xian, who can destroy all the branches of our Soul Palace?" The black clothes wrapped in pink flames let out a thought and wondered.

"My subordinates are also wondering about this... But now in order to suppress the strong men of the ancients, we can't do without manpower on time, so this is the only way..." Hei Ying continued.

"Forget it, I'll go take a look, you stay here... In a while, there will be strong people coming, these guys from the ancient clan, but for the gift prepared by the adult..."

"The power of so many strong men is enough for that adult to get what he wants..."

"Susu." After the pink figure finished speaking, he disappeared directly here. He was extremely puzzled about this place. He was as powerful as the patriarch of the ancient clan, but he was also suppressed and sealed. Too lazy to care.

"The strength of that lord just now is really unfathomable." With the disappearance of the pink figure, dozens of black auras couldn't help but tremble. Their auras were all fighting immortals, but in pink Under the shadow, it is like an ant.

"What the **** is this temple doing..." And as the pink shadow disappeared, a middle-aged man in the comatose crowd also muttered slowly, apparently he had been awake for a long time, but he just kept pretending Just to be in a coma.

If the Peerless Heavenly Emperor was here, he would recognize the whispering figure, and he was the patriarch of the ancient clan today!

Gu Yuan!

Gu Yuan's strength, according to some people, reached the ranks of the six-star Dou Xian thousands of years ago, and even in the entire human world, the reputation of the ancient patriarch Gu Yuan is well-known, but his specific strength, But no one knows.

"Forget it, it's time for this scene to end." In an instant, Gu Yuan's comatose figure stood up from the ground, and a touch of indifference appeared in his pupils.

"How can it be?"

"The patriarch of the ancient clan has awakened!"

"Send a rescue signal!" When he noticed that Gu Yuan's body was standing upright and his pupils opened, a deafening sound suddenly emerged from dozens of black qi in the void.

"Oh……"

"Sixth-grade immortal weapon, immortal lock?" The body just stood up, and Gu Yuan suddenly found that on his body, a black shackle, accompanied by a dark rune, suppressed his power, and suddenly smiled.

"Bang bang bang!" The contemptuous laughter like a demon echoed just now, and the immortal bundle that was tyrannical enough to seal the tyrannical six-star fighting fairy was easily broken and turned into powder.

"Not good... run!" But seeing this scene, dozens of other black qi were shocked, and a wave of fear emerged in their hearts.

Among their dozens of powerhouses, many of them are four-star fighting immortals, but in front of Gu Yuan, they are like ants, killing them at will.

"What is the purpose of arresting us?" Gu Yuan waved his hand, and suddenly dozens of black qi were directly held in his hand, and he immediately asked.

"Gu Yuan, you have to die!" Several of them chose to be indifferent, but there was still a black and violent way.

"Pfft." With a sound, the black air that was originally opened was suddenly pinched by it, and even the power of the soul was instantly annihilated.

"The plan of the Hall Master of the Soul Palace, right?"

"Where is she?" The next moment, Gu Yuan said to himself.

"Dream!" Facing Gu Yuan's inquiry, these black qi showed no signs of revealing, and had to be completely obliterated by Gu Yuan one after another.

"Oh...it's such a vicious soul curse, no wonder no one said it..." After a while, after erasing all the black energy, in the void, a green aura, with extremely evil fluctuations, suddenly explode.

"This soul clan is so slanted on the Dou Qi Continent. Now that it has reached the Great Thousand World, it still does not change its nature." Gu Yuan shook the green aura at will, and shook his head suddenly, obviously guarding their dozens of people Human beings are also souls.

"Patriarch... where are we?"

"I remember that our high-level group entered the space passage to a stronghold in the Soul Palace. How could this be?" Suddenly, with Gu Yuan's own power, after all the black energy was wiped out, the ancient group of high-level leaders below also slowly wake.

It is true that these powerhouses found a stronghold in the Soul Palace based on the information, so they dispatched a large number of people to try to find out, but unexpectedly, in the stronghold, the Lord of the Huodian Palace happened to appear, so they were used by him. And, even if it is as strong as the patriarch of the ancient clan, it is also their way.

"It's alright... just part of my plan."

"Go back to the ancient clan, but remember, your whereabouts must not be discovered by the other six clans or our ancient clan insiders..."

"Now the relationship between our ancient seven clans is also dire, and even within our ancient clan, the struggle is even more uninterrupted. This time, let's solve these things completely." Gu Yuan looked at it with his eyes. In the sky, he murmured.

"Patriarch, aren't you going back?" A senior executive below couldn't help but said.

"go back?"

"We were plotted by the master of the Soul Palace, and I haven't asked her to calculate this account..." Gu Yuan said, his body shook suddenly, and then disappeared directly here.

Apparently, it was possible to silently suppress the senior officials of the ancient clan, and even Gu Yuan, except for the soul clan patriarch and the hall master of the soul palace, who were so fascinated, there was no one else in this world.

"The power of the patriarch is becoming more and more splendid..." The high-level people below looked at each other, and then also flickered, and returned to the ancient clan from the secret passage, but the ancient clan was unknown.

At the same time, the situation in Douyun Continent became more and more turbulent.

.