Chapter Vol 4 1437: Earth Holy Spring!

"Boom!" Condensed the tyrannical blow of the Great Heaven Seed and the Holy Flame, piercing the void, with an indescribable supreme breath, and instantly came to the dark brown thunder beam that contained all the power of the fourth beast robbery. , in an instant his speed was slowed down, and the dark brown thunder beam was also completely enraged by Xiao Yan's actions.

"Ziglazi!" The dark brown thunder beams erupted from the whole body, with waves of thunder power that contained the fluctuations of the silk field, and then stopped Xiao Yan from advancing with a powerful strike.

"This guy actually has holy flames?" In an instant, the fear in the Earth Demon Bear's heart disappeared in an instant. After all, the power of the Holy Flame and the Great Heavenly Seed was enough to give the Earth Demon Bear enough confidence.

Moreover, the holy flame alone can make the earth demon bear respect Xiao Yan. Although the earth demon bear controls the earth element and is famous for its strength, its heart is kind, so it maintains the most devout for holy objects such as holy flame. Respect.

At this time, the formation below was swayed by these two forces, and the energy flowed everywhere!

"The Sea of ​​Fierce Rocks, explode it for me!" After a while, Xiao Yan's grim voice rang out as he watched the red and yellow flames actually retreat by the dark brown thunder beams.

The Sea of ​​Fierce Rocks, which is fiery yellow, is a fusion technique of the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock and the Great Heavenly Seed Scarlet Flame!

"Crash!" With Xiao Yan's order, the dazzling red-yellow light group suddenly shrank, and then instantly swelled, like fireworks, and burst into bloom.

"Boom!" The dark brown thunder beam noticed this scene, and immediately knew that if no measures were taken, I am afraid it would completely disappear under this blow, and immediately gave up the idea of ​​obliterating the robbery, and the dark brown thunder beam also It suddenly shrank, and then a strong aura like the coercion of heaven and earth bloomed together with the Sea of ​​Yan Fei!

"Hey!" Two energies, one like the anger of a flame king, and one like the initial coercive and destructive power of the heaven and the earth, the two exploded suddenly like a tide, and suddenly a circle of destructive energy ripples, with the formation method The sky is the center, and it shoots wildly in all directions!

The space spread by the explosive energy of the two turned out to be fragmented.

"Crash!" The energy ripples lasted for a few minutes, and suddenly the space of the formation was completely crippled and embarrassed.

"hateful……"

"This beast calamity is really not that easy to pass..." The aftermath of the battle slowly dissipated, and the entire formation was immediately enveloped by Xiao Yan's flames, but at one point, a strange light beam about the size of a finger appeared. Standing quietly.

"Pfft puff!" Xiao Yan had just used the fusion of the Great Heaven Seed and the Holy Flame, which consumed a lot of vindictive energy in his body, but when he saw this strange beam of light, his heart beat faster, like a deadly wave. emanate from it.

This strange beam is probably the real catastrophe of the beast robbery. Without the package of the dark brown thunder beam, it reveals its most primitive form and its most destructive posture.

"I'm afraid this is the place where the beast robbery is the most tyrannical." Xiao Yan said solemnly, but he was always vigilant in his heart. This strange light beam was too mysterious. Just a single encounter caused Xiao Yan to have a deadly wave. Xiao Yan naturally I didn't dare to take it lightly, but I slowly came up with a plan in my heart. On the palm of my hand, the space shuttle handprint was always ready, and the soul avatar also noticed this scene at the same time, and nodded to Xiao Yan.

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!"

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" The next moment, the source power of the Holy Flame and the Great Heavenly Seed, suddenly displayed at the same time.

Following Xiao Yan's two such tyrannical attacks, the strange beam of light also pierced through the void, just like the dawn before dawn pierced through the darkness, and suddenly stabbed Xiao Yan away!

The power of the strange beam is too mysterious, even Xiao Yan does not know what power it is, and the speed is so fast that it is staggering. In a few breaths, it comes to Xiao Yan and directly hits Xiao Yan's life point. And go!

"Sure enough... just waiting for you!"

"Give me in!" At the same time, when the strange light beam just touched Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's mouth laughed, his body suddenly wriggled strangely, and then the void appeared, and the soul avatar and the main body were instantly replaced. , and a strange smile appeared on the corner of the soul clone's mouth, suddenly opened his mouth, and easily swallowed the strange beam into his belly!

"The curtain is over!" Xiao Yan looked at such a scene, and immediately sat on the top of Feng Lingjing. The attack of the intensity just now consumed too much vindictive energy, and if it wasn't for the strange beam's resentment towards Xiao Yan in the end Deep, rashly shot, I am afraid that Xiao Yan wants to absorb this thing, and he will have to spend a lot of time!

"Boom!" On the other side, as the strange beam was swallowed by the soul clone, the strange beam flashed everywhere in the milky white soul clone, and it turned out to be trying to escape!

However, with the appearance of the gray thunder on the soul avatar, the strange beam suddenly became quiet. At that time, the soul avatar also closed its eyes and slowly refining the strange beam.

"Boom boom boom!" Until this time, the beast robbery was completely over, and the star pattern on the surface of the Earth Demon Bear's body was also deeper and more obscure, and even its strength suddenly skyrocketed to the level of the late four-star fighting immortal!

"Hahaha!"

"Brother Xiao Yan, thank you very much!" Seeing that Xiao Yan, who was in a weak state, the Earth Demon Bear laughed loudly, and then his figure suddenly shrank, turning into a human appearance.

Now that it has passed the fourth beast calamity, it naturally has hundreds of years of life, and it is naturally quite happy.

"This guy... is also trustworthy." Xiao Yan glanced at the earth demon bear man, and found that this guy had no other thoughts, and was relieved immediately.

Otherwise, if this guy wanted to take advantage of it, Xiao Yan would not mind giving it a ride, after all, Xiao Yan had left behind.

"This guy..." Seeing Xiao Yan so tyrannically taking over the beast robbery, and even finally using a strategy to absorb the remaining core energy of the beast robbery for his soul clone to absorb, Mu Ge couldn't help but slapped his tongue.

"This time...Thank you!"

"I will give you the Holy Spring of the Earth In addition, I will guide you to the top of the Tianming Mountains, where I am familiar. As long as you pass those levels, you will naturally be able to enter the Tianming Mountain Villa." Dadi Demon Bear laughed.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan and Mu Ge both laughed.

"Shabu!" The next moment, the Earth Demon Bear man waved casually, and then a pool of blue liquid slowly emerged in the center of the Spirit Crystal, which was also the corner where the Earth Demon Bear's original power was sealed.

"Is this... the Holy Spring of the Earth?" While the soul avatar above was concentrating on absorbing the power of the beast tribulation thunder, Xiao Yan slowly stared at the blue liquid, the corner of his mouth opened his mouth softly, and there was a hint of sound in his voice. Smile!

Such a rich and dazzling holy spring of the earth, with it, breaking through the three-star battle of immortals is also a matter of course!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!