Chapter Vol 4 911: The last Xuanling King, Dou Xian Xuan Lao!

"Squeak." A slight push on the door slowly sounded from the entrance of the seventh floor of the underground palace, and then six figures slowly appeared.

These six figures are obviously dominated by Lingmengsheng, the two old people of heaven and earth, Qing Lao, Mu Xuzi and Xuan Muqing.

The six of them had just stepped into the seventh floor of the underground palace, and suddenly felt dark in front of them. In this dark place, they couldn't help but feel a sense of fear, and in front of everyone, an extremely gloomy cold wind hit.

The weakest of the six is ​​also the Eight-star Dou Di. This gloomy cold wind can make everyone shudder, which is enough to see how unusual this gloomy and cold wind is.

It's just that as the six people stepped into the seventh floor of the underground palace, the void trembled slightly, and it was obvious that Fen Tian and Zhu Lao also poured in.

"Be careful, in the seventh floor of the underground palace, there is always a feeling that something is bad for me. It seems that besides this guy, there are other strong people." Fen Tian had just stepped into the seventh floor of the underground palace, and immediately and Zhu Jin, who was hidden in the formation, said.

With Fen Tian's powerful power, naturally, he didn't need to blow dust, but he found Elder Xuan who was already lurking in the seventh floor of the underground palace, waiting for them!

"En." Zhu Jin nodded immediately upon hearing this. He also felt an extremely tyrannical pressure, and this pressure did not come from the strong man in front of him, but from the depths of the underground palace.

"Strange, just these few people..."

"I clearly felt that something else poured in when they stepped into the door." Dark Night Ghosts hid in the dark, and their breath was perfectly restrained, so that no one could check them, and then spoke slightly.

"It seems that something strange has come in."

"It's interesting now." On the other side, the Dark Night Ghost Immortal hidden in the seventh floor of the underground palace also opened his mouth slightly, and his slender fingers slightly curved in a graceful arc under the cover of darkness, full of danger!

"This is the seventh floor of the underground palace?" Lingmengsheng six people just rushed into the seventh floor of the underground palace, and immediately glanced around.

In the seventh floor of this underground palace, just stepping in, it will give everyone a very tyrannical pressure, I am afraid that the strong guard here will be an extremely tyrannical existence.

"Clang!" With a sound, the stone gate that everyone stepped into was also heavily closed.

"This..." Mu Xuzi couldn't help but be surprised when he saw this.

"Don't worry." At this time, as the leader of the six people, Ling Mengsheng naturally wanted to show his aura, and immediately stood directly above the team, trying his best to be vigilant around him.

"Why is she here..." At this time, Elder Xuan, who was sitting above the black river, suddenly saw Xuan Muqing.

As for Xuan Muqing, Elder Xuan still quite likes it.

If it wasn't for his younger brother who died early, I'm afraid this guy would be a rare force in the Xuanling royal family today.

Fortunately for Xuan Muqing, if it wasn't for the fall of his father and the royal family of Xuanling giving up on him, I'm afraid he would never have met Lingmengsheng.

"Alas..." And Xuan Muqing's gaze seemed to have spotted Elder Xuan, but he sighed slightly.

This side is his uncle, the other side is his husband, Xuan Muqing is also extremely difficult to choose, even if this so-called uncle does not help him much, but the family love that is thicker than water is in The blood flows slowly.

Xuan Lao is the father of the current King Xuan Ling, and Xuan Muqing is not Xuan Lao's daughter, because she is the daughter of Xuan Lao's younger brother, so Xuan Lao is naturally Xuan Muqing's uncle.

"The space here seems to have extremely tyrannical signs of suppressing the power of life and death in the body." At this time, due to Elder Xuan's restraint to hide his aura, everyone did not find that Elder Xuan who was not far away.

What caught everyone's eyes was a rock, and under the rock, turbulent water flowed slowly, listening to the sound of the water flowing, it made them feel in a trance!

Moreover, the most surprising thing for everyone is that these seemingly different rocks seem to be lined up, like a formation!

It's just that because it's too dark here, even ZhuJin didn't notice it.

"Fire!" Ling Mengsheng looked at the darkness around him and his vision was blocked, and then he slowly opened his mouth and said something. At that time, a dazzling flame would directly illuminate the place.

With the appearance of light, the appearance of the seventh floor of the underground palace suddenly appeared!

In terms of preparation, this should be an underground river!

The underground river flows in a north-south direction, and the water is all weirdly black!

The surrounding walls surrounding the underground river are actually thousands of feet in size, so the space here is extremely empty.

It's just that when everyone looked at the river in mid-air, a man was covered in a silver-white robe, and the robe was inlaid with gold threads, and the old man opened his pupils at this time.

"Those who break into the underground palace."

"Death." As soon as he opened his eyes, a gloomy aura like an abyss demon suddenly burst out.

"Pfft!" Facing the terrifying aura, the weak Mu Xuzi actually spewed out a mouthful of blood from the shock.

And Xuan Muqing, who also has the same strength as the Eight-Star Dou Di, would probably be the same as Mu Xuzi if he wasn't under the protection of Ling Mengsheng.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy..." Seeing this, Ling Mengsheng's eyelids kept beating, but his eyes suddenly stopped when he looked at the old man's face.

"The previous King Xuanling of the Xuanling royal family?"

"Elder Xuan?" At this time, Tian Lao directly exclaimed The voice was full of shock!

The previous Xuanling King Xuanling of the Xuanling royal family had retired for hundreds of years. When he retired back then, it was said that his strength was at the half-immortal level. After hundreds of years, his strength has soared to such a terrifying level!

According to the breath just released, I am afraid that he is a real Fighting Immortal powerhouse, and his strength is undoubtedly much stronger than the Dong Xuan he just dealt with.

"The two elders of the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Qingyan, the deputy head of the Tiandian Temple."

"Location Hall Master Ling Mengsheng."

"Mu Xuzi, the deputy master of the Human Palace."

"Since you have so many people here at the Burning Incense Pavilion this time, if you don't treat you well, I'm afraid people will say that our Xuanling royal family is not good at hospitality." The old face of Xuan Lao floating in the sky was covered with An almost crazy smile.

"This guy's strength may have reached the level of the middle stage of the one-star fighting immortal..."

"This is a troublesome thing." Old Qing felt the aura that Old Xuan deliberately exuded, and then his face became ugly.

"It doesn't matter, since you're here, no matter whether things succeed or fail, you have to fight hard."

"Battle!" After Ling Mengsheng finished speaking, he was just about to launch an offensive, but the next moment, with the help of flames, he saw a miserable figure behind Elder Xuan who was pierced by countless chains...

"That is……"

"Yanchi!" Seeing Yanchi, Ling Mengsheng's fist not only clenched tightly, but a powerful killing intent emerged in his heart!