Chapter 512: Weird evil spirit!

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan roared, pulling Xiao Yi's eyes back to the giant stone statue, and then everyone became vigilant.

His eyes were constantly scanning the surroundings, and the Dou Qi in his body was ready to explode at any time. If there was anything wrong, he would strike immediately!

"There seems to be something wrong with the eyes of this giant stone statue." Xiao Yan said with certainty.

"Is there a problem?" Mu Feng heard the words and looked directly at the eyes of the extremely tall giant stone statue.

"No problem, this giant stone statue has black eyes." Mu Feng looked at it for a while and found that there was no problem, and complained.

"Black eyes?" Xiao Yan heard this, clenched his fists involuntarily, and a sense of unease appeared in his heart.

"Yes, Xiao Yan, this giant stone statue has black eyes, are you looking at flowers?" Green Flute also came to watch the fun.

"No, the eyes of the giant stone statue I saw were blue and red, quite strange." Xiao Yan said lightly.

"One green and one red?" Now it was Xiao Yi's turn to be surprised.

As a fire elf, Xiao Yi's trust in Xiao Yan is beyond doubt, and Xiao Yi believes that her eldest brother Xiao Yan's terrifying soul perception will not tell any lies!

"I believe what my elder brother said!"

"It's just that all I see are black eyes."

"What about you?" Xiao Yi asked.

"What we see is also black pupils." The other three said at the same time.

Green Flute, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng all know a little about the identity of this little Yihuo elf, so although they don't know the strength of the latter, they are definitely stronger than them, and even vaguely feel it. This Xiaoyi's current strength is probably stronger than their Mu Xuzi!

This little Yi can only see black pupils, which means some problems.

"It seems that there is indeed a problem!" Xiao Yan said coldly and immediately said.

"Come out!" A cold snort lingered in this space for a long time.

"Hey, he really is a terrifying little guy." A lazy smile instantly came from the eyes of the stone giant.

"Sure enough!" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this!

Xiao Yan knew that he possessed the soul power of the peak of the emperor realm, and with the double break of spiritual power, Xiao Yan's perception was much stronger than that of ordinary people!

The blue and red pupils above the pupils of the giant stone statue are clearly being blindfolded. Otherwise, with Xiaoyi's terrifying eight-star fighting emperor level strength, he can get through the test. It can be seen that the strength of this spellcaster is How huge!

"Who are you?" A cold snort emanated directly from Xiao Yan, and then a flame slowly drifted into Xiao Yan's palm.

"You are not the first to see through the secrets of this stone giant."

"Hehe, but this time, the little guy has the soul power of the peak of the Emperor Realm, which is not bad." Laughter appeared.

"Who the **** are you!" Xiao Yan clearly increased his voice this time, and even the flames above his palms exuded a terrifyingly high temperature.

"who I am?"

"It's been too long and I forgot."

"If you really want to know, then come in and find me." A sigh echoed in this space.

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as he finished speaking, a little black and white aura emerged from his pupils, and then abruptly dissipated here.

"It's so evil." Mu Feng coughed a few words immediately, and then arrived.

"Buzzing." At the moment when the black qi appeared, the fused soul-thirsty talisman in Xiao Yan's hand clearly emitted a terrifying suction force, and then devoured the black qi in an instant!

Following the devouring like this, Xiao Yan seemed to feel that the power above the soul-thirsty talisman became more and more evil and strange.

"Xiao Yan, be careful!" Evil black energy poured into Xiao Yan's body instantly, and Xiao Yi shouted loudly.

"Don't worry." Just as Xiao Yi was about to make a move, Xiao Yan suddenly said casually, and then flames emerged in his body, refining the extremely evil black qi.

It's just that everyone else thought that Xiao Yan used flames to refine this black energy. Only Xiao Yan himself knew that the flames clearly didn't play any role!

That evil black qi was different from the ghost qi Xiao Yan encountered before!

Most of the ghost qi that Xiao Yan encountered in the past were some spooky aura, far from being so evil!

This time, if there is no soul-thirsty talisman in his hand, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's situation is extremely bad.

"Forget it, no matter who this mysterious person is, we still need to decipher this giant stone statue first." Xiao Yan finished refining the black energy, stood up, and said to the people around him.

"Let's go, let's attract those dark bats." Xiao Yi said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"However, it's still difficult to get these dark bats to destroy this giant stone statue for us willingly." Mu Yingying raised her jade hand slightly, as if she remembered something.

"This is simple."

"Don't underestimate the dark bat's love for flames. Their love for flames may make you stunned!"

"Not to mention the strange flame on Xiao Yan's body." Mu Feng said with a smile.

"Then let's try it." Xiao Yan smiled without saying too much.

"Mu Yingying, Ludi, you and Mu Feng, the three of you stay here, and Xiao Yi and I will lead those dark bats." Xiao Yan thought about it and decided.

"I'm going too." Mu Yingying was slightly puzzled by Xiao Yan's actions.

"That's it, you stay here!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he moved directly with Xiao Yi. The speed was not fast, but he threw himself into the black passage in a blink of an eye.

"Why don't you take me..." Mu Yingying shook her head slightly, trying her best not to think about something.

"Brother, why don't you let Mu Yingying come with us?"

"The flame on her body is probably holy flame." Seeing that the three of them were far away, Xiao Yi also said.

"It is indeed a holy flame, although I don't know why she tries so hard to hide it."

"As for me not letting her come with us, firstly for her safety, secondly..." Xiao Yan said here, his voice suddenly became low.

"What?" Xiao Yi was puzzled.

"I don't know if you have noticed that the azure color on Mu Yingying's body will cause a lot of load to her every time she uses it..."

"So I speculate that the holy flame on her body should be in a sealed state Xiao Yan whispered.

"Sealed state?" Xiao Yi was shocked when she heard the words!

The holy flame in the sealed state, its power is greatly reduced!

"No wonder Mu Yingying uses holy flame so little..." Xiao Yi said.

"This is just my speculation, and I seem to feel that she has some secrets, so I should try to keep her from fighting as much as possible, otherwise once the holy flame finally erupts, I am afraid that we will both join forces..." Xiao Yan said slightly. .

"I know, big brother." Xiao Yi said quite boldly.

Xiao Yi knew that her fire elf had given her and Xiao Yan some special abilities, such as joining forces!

In other words, possession!

As a fire elf wonder of the world, Xiao Yi is directly attached to Xiao Yan, allowing Xiao Yan to obtain an extremely terrifying increase in a short period of time!

If the two of them are possessed now, I am afraid that among the Eight Star Dou Emperors, they will be invincible!

With such terrifying strength, they couldn't handle the holy flame in Mu Yingying's body, so the two of them had to be cautious.

"Okay, it's time to get down to business." Xiao Yan said.

Just after Xiao Yan finished speaking, the two of them couldn't help looking at the dark bat inhabiting the dark passage.

ask for a ticket

The second update of the reward plus update will be made up this weekend. In addition to the current monthly ticket of 89, it is counted as the third update, and there is a five-shift difference. Let’s make up the third update at the end of this month, and the remaining two will be made up next month.

So it's Friday on Sunday.