Chapter Vol 4 1209: Frost Ape

"Shabu Shabu!" The seven members of the Eagle Eye team turned into streamers and poured into the space where the guardians on the tenth floor were.

"This is... a forest?" And just as everyone rushed into the space where the tenth floor guardian was, a large green vegetation suddenly appeared in everyone's sight.

"Pfft puff!" As such a huge forest continued to expand in the pupils of everyone, Xiao's body broke through and shook violently.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan was suddenly startled, because at this moment, the Dou Core in the Dou Qi Sea in his body actually sent out a strange wave.

"Wood attribute?" The next moment, Xiao Yan knew the reason for the restlessness.

It turned out that the wood-type bucket core in Xiao Yan's body was sending out a burst of urgent fluctuations. After all, the wood-type attribute was too strong in this forest, and because Xiao Yan himself had awakened the wood-type attribute, so the wood-type fighting spirit was Coming to this forest full of vitality is like a thirsty human being as happy as encountering an oasis in the desert.

"Give me a little quiet!"

"You are a killer, and you can't expose it yet." Xiao Yan directly urged the fire-type Douhe and Burning Jue to suppress the wood-type Douhe.

Although he has awakened the wood attribute, Xiao Yan has not yet started to practice the fighting skills related to the wood attribute, so it is nonsense to use the wood attribute fighting qi.

"This space seems a little unusual."

"This forest is full of strong wood and earth attributes, but I vaguely feel that there is something terrifying." Yu Yifeng heard the words and looked around, but he was stunned by these high numbers. Ten meters of towering trees blocked the view.

Among the strong fighting immortals, if they are strong at the same level, the strength of fighting skills, and the mutual generation and mutual restraint of attributes will undoubtedly become the relationship that affects the outcome.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, can you sense the guardian creatures in this forest..." The next moment, Yu Yifeng asked Xiao Yan directly.

"Okay." Xiao Yan agreed directly, then closed his eyes and sank, mobilizing his huge soul power to spread out in the forest.

"There seems to be only one creature in this space, and that creature is not far from us at this time." After a while, Xiao Yan directly fed back the information he had investigated through his soul power exploration.

"It's so close?" The land monkey was shocked when he heard the words, and a bad premonition slowly swept over.

"Strange, why does it feel a little bit cold?" And the seven people here, except for Liu Qing's slight opening, didn't feel any strangeness, but Liu Qing looked at the crowd and didn't speak, just whispered.

"He should be in the pool in front of him." Shuiyue just wanted to speak, but Liu Qing, who was next to her, spoke out.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard the words, because this was what he wanted to say, but Liu Qing took the lead.

However, when Xiao Yan wanted to investigate Liu Qing's details, the soul power that had spread away actually collapsed when it touched three feet around Liu Qing's body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Looks like this guy has some kind of treasure that isolates and probes." To no avail, Xiao Yan is not wasting time.

"Captain Yu, I'll go over with you to have a look." Xiao Yan said directly.

"Your strength..." Yu Yifeng originally wanted to go over to inquire about the information first, but when Xiao Yan said this, he was also a little worried.

"Don't worry, self-protection is not a problem." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Let's go." As soon as he finished speaking, the figures of Yu Yifeng and Xiao Yan immediately walked towards the pool in front of the human beings, while the others stayed where they were.

"We'll just wait and see." Shuiyue and the others also walked around, trying to investigate the forest.

When they were divided into two teams, a figure slowly emerged from a hidden place not far from Shuiyue and his party.

"Almost lost."

"Jade legacy, I paid a lot of money to hire you, I hope you don't let me down." The figure slowly fell silent after speaking.

"Puff puff!"

"What's the sound?" Xiao Yan and Yu Yifeng lowered their speed and moved forward slowly with the help of trees and weeds, but Yu Yifeng heard a particularly harsh sound.

"The source of this sound is right in front!" Xiao Yan also said slowly at this time, and an extremely powerful pressure suddenly came from the front.

This kind of suppression is obviously a direct suppression of strength, which makes Xiao Yan's breath and breathing become disordered, but fortunately Xiao Yan has Fen Jue, that suppression only lasted for one breath, and it was resolved by Xiao Yan.

"Go." The two looked at each other, and then their speed increased a lot. After a while, they came to the edge of the forest, and a rather spectacular scene appeared in front of them.

Originally, based on Xiao Yan's perception of soul power, he felt that this was a large pool, but when he was really close to facing it, Xiao realized that he was wrong.

In front of the two of them at this time, what kind of pool is there, this is clearly an endless ocean!

The azure blue water flowed slowly, and there were waves of turbulent sounds, but what surprised Xiao Yan and the two was that the sound could not be heard in the forest, but the edge of the ocean was extremely harsh.

"What is that..." Yu Yifeng's eyes suddenly saw something, and then raised his finger gently, his voice was a little dumbfounded.

"It's actually an ancient Frost Ape!" And Xiao Yan has a lot of knowledge, so he can tell the behemoth in the deep ocean at a glance!

At this time, the behemoth ~ is 100 meters high, and its rough limbs symbolize the power of destruction. At this time, it has half of its body in the ocean, and the other half appears on the water level. on top of...

That feeling is like lying on the surface of the ocean and basking in the sun after a full meal!

And that harsh sound was the snoring of this guy!

"This guy's strength may have reached the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Two-star Douxian late stage..."

"I should be able to catch it to save time and go to the next level."

"You help me from the side." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, his aura suddenly soared, and then an indomitable and tyrannical aura suddenly emerged.

"This guy, I'm afraid he doesn't know how powerful the Frost Ancient Ape is..." And Xiao Yan didn't plan to remind Yu Yifeng. After all, Yu Yifeng hid it from himself, and Xiao Yan also wanted to see what the destructive power of this guy was. tyrannical!

"Hoohoho!" Yu Yifeng's power just emerged, and the huge beast pupil of the giant Frost Ancient Ape suddenly opened, and then locked on Yu Yifeng the next moment.

"Beast, can you dare to fight me?" Yuyi was surrounded by the power of the immortal battle of the blue wind attribute, and then stood above the ocean, roaring at the Frost Ancient Ape below.

"Hohohoho!" Facing Yu Yifeng's provocation, Frost Ancient Ape's pupils became dignified, and then his breath soared to the peak in an instant.

A war is about to start.

. m.