Chapter Vol 4 949: Trade, leave the Incense Pavilion!

"Senior is a close friend of our clan, and I am naturally willing to follow." Xiao Xuan said with a hearty smile.

"Yep."

"You pack up, and then it's almost time to leave the Fenxiang Pavilion. I hope you can rush to the sect to try to get this kid back." The Golden Dragon King said lazily, and immediately disappeared.

"You kid." Seeing that the Golden Dragon King was submerged in Xiao Yan's acceptance ring, Xiao Xuan clapped a big hand on Xiao Yan's shoulder and said with a smile.

"Ancestor, you have suffered." Xiao Yan also smiled.

Xiao Yan respects Xiao Xuan quite a bit.

Not to mention the Tianhuo Sanxuan is the fighting skill created by him, and Xiao Xuan can suppress the three different fires with his own strength, cultivate to the peak of the Nine Star Dousheng, plus a series of help for himself later, and so on, naturally is respect.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If the Xiao family has a younger generation like you, I believe that the Xiao family will regain their peak in this continent." Although Xiao Xuan vaguely guessed what the Golden Dragon King said just now, he still laughed, obviously for Xiao Yan is quite confident.

"Ancestor, let's go first, I'll go out and say hello to the pavilion master, it's time to go." Xiao Yan said, and immediately tidy up the training room, and then took Xiao Xuan directly out.

"Big brother is really tyrannical."

"It's been a long time since I left." Wuzhu stayed inside, and Xiao Yi looked at the place where Xiao Yan retreated slightly and said.

"It's been a while since the previous Dan Lei. In January, I'm afraid it's time for the sect competition."

"I don't know what will happen to the Fenxiang Pavilion in this sect competition." Mu Feng was a little sad in his eyes.

"How do you say this?" Xiao Yi was immediately puzzled when she heard the words, and immediately opened her mouth.

"You don't know, there are a lot of treasures in the places where the sects compete, so

Every sect competition, many sects will send hundreds of outstanding disciples from the sect, but after each competition, there are very few who can come back intact. "

"And Burning Incense Pavilion is even more exaggerated."

"I remember that Fenxiang Pavilion sent 500 disciples a few times before. Among them, dozens of disciples are the best disciples of the three temples of heaven, earth and people, and their strength has reached the seven-star fighting emperor, but after participating in the sect competition, they were completely wiped out. !" Mu Feng said.

"The whole army was wiped out?"

"How is that possible?" When Xiao Yi heard this, her face was full of disbelief.

Although the sect competition is somewhat like a life-and-death battle, it is possible to destroy an entire sect with nearly 500 outstanding disciples. I am afraid that other sects in the entire Xuantian Santian can not do it.

"The specific situation, I don't know."

"That was many years ago."

"But I remember that time, Fen Tian was directly furious, and he didn't hesitate to spend his own strength to come to the place where the sect was competing, and it seemed that he had found a trace of evidence related to the Xuanling royal family. After returning, he was furious and did not care about his own Burning Incense Pavilion. The identity of the pavilion owner and the power behind the Xuanling royal family directly killed the Xuanling royal family three times, if it wasn't for the seven fighting immortals of the nine super sects at the same time, I am afraid that the Xuanling royal family would have long since ceased to exist."

"Even so, the three killings of the Xuanling royal family brought a devastating impact to the Xuanling royal family, killing many of their disciples and elders, and greatly hurting their vitality." Mu Feng said.

"How could this Fentian kill the Xuanling royal family three times..." Xiao Yi was puzzled.

However, Xiao Yi was somewhat admired. At that time, Fen Tian had undoubtedly taken the position of the master of the Fenxiang Pavilion. Such an almighty could kill the Xuanling royal family directly regardless of his face, which shows how powerful and deep hatred he was.

"The first time should be for Yan Chi. As for the remaining two times, it seems to be for the only disciple of the pavilion master, Yin Tong." Mu Feng said.

"It seems that this time the sect competition, some people watched it." Xiao Yi said slowly, and then stopped talking.

"Hopefully this time we can turn our dangers away." After Mu Feng finished speaking, just as he was about to return to the house, he saw two figures walking towards them.

"Xiao Yan?" Mu Feng said hesitantly, but what made Mu Feng puzzled was that there was a man beside Xiao Yan. The man's aura seemed to be only a six-star Dou Di, but Mu Feng noticed a difference from the two. Share the same breath.

"Big brother." Seeing Xiao Yan leaving the customs, Xiao Yi immediately ran over and called out, but her eyes stared at Xiao Xuan vigilantly.

"Ancestor Xiao Xuan, I believe you have seen it before." Xiao Yan said lightly to Xiao Yi.

"Xiao Xuan?" When Xiao Yi heard the words, she naturally remembered the ancestor of the Xiao clan in the Heavenly Tomb of Dou Qi Continent.

"There is a lot of familiar aura in this guy's body." Xiao Xuan laughed.

"That's natural, after all, he is a fire elf that combines twenty-three kinds of different fires." Xiao Yan said.

"Twenty three kinds of different fires?" Xiao Xuan heard the words, his expression became ugly.

Thinking of the strength of the Nine-Star Dousheng Peak, it was extremely difficult to suppress three different fires, and my descendants actually merged with twenty-three different fires?

"By the way, Mu Feng, how long until the sect competition?" Xiao Yan suddenly asked.

"There should be one month left, why, you want to go out?" Mu Feng seemed to see Xiao Yan's inner thoughts, and immediately spoke.

"There is something urgent that needs to be dealt with." Xiao Yan said.

"Brother, I'll go with you." Xiao Yi said.

"You just stay here, I will be back before the sect competition." Xiao Yan said.

"Ancestor, wait for me here first, and I'll go and say hello to the pavilion master." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he put Xiao Xuan in Wuzhu Residence, and then walked towards Fen Tian's residence.

And Xiao Xuan was very interested in Xiao Yi, and he talked with great interest.

"Dong dong dong." At the top of the Burning Incense Pavilion, outside a quiet wooden house, there was a light knock on the door.

"Come in." A soft hungry voice sounded.

"Pavilion Master." Xiao Yan pushed open the door and entered and said immediately.

"Have you succeeded in refining the medicinal pill?" Fen Tian was not too surprised when he saw that the visitor was Xiao Yan.

"Well, it was successful, but there is one more thing that needs the approval of the pavilion master." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Tell me, what's the matter, if possible, I can give you some privileges." Fen Tian was sitting in the study room of the wooden house looking at an ancient book and said.

"I have something urgent, and I have to leave the Fenxiang Pavilion for a while." Xiao Yan said word by word.

"Kacha!" Xiao Yan's voice just finished speaking, that Fen Tian's expression also became ugly, and the extremely precious wooden scroll in his hand was instantly turned into powder by a strong force.

"What did you say?" Fen Tian was slightly annoyed, and directly exerted the power of fighting immortals, trying to subdue Xiao Yan.

"I... a little... urgent... I have to... leave for a while." Even in the face of Fen Tian's powerful pressure, Xiao Yan said word by word.

"Impossible, now is the time for the sect competition. If you run away, where can I find a representative to lead us to Fenxiang Pavilion?" Fen Tian directly took back his power and refused.

"If I can help you, the pavilion master, to solve the mystery of Yin Tong's fall and win the championship in this sect competition."

"Is this possible?" Xiao Yan finished, staring at Fen Tian with a smile on his face.

You can get starting coins by voting for a monthly ticket, don't forget it.

There are also these two hungry bosses who will give you a reward, and I will add more updates for you next month.