Chapter Vol 4 1347: Interfere with fighting skills, gaze eyes!

"Huhu."

"This time the soul competition is really a near miss." Xiao Yan gently returned to his residence, immediately lay on the bed, shook his head and said.

If it wasn't for Lei He's shot at the last moment, I'm afraid Xiao Yan would probably lose to Yun Qi, and the champion of the soul competition has quite a lot of treasures. Xiao Yan naturally didn't want to miss it. From the beginning to the end, Xiao Yan underestimated Yun Qi. Strength.

"Hey, little guy, don't get busy resting."

"Take out your scroll."

"Good stuff." Just when Xiao Yan felt that the soul power of his Soul Sea Spirit Palace was somewhat depleted and was about to rest, the Soul Eater hurriedly reminded Xiao Yan.

"Scroll?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately raised his eyebrows. Without guessing, he knew that it was the second stage reward he had just obtained!

"Master, what kind of good thing is this?" Xiao Yan gently took out the golden scroll, a tyrannical soul light, wrapped it tightly, obviously the defense of the fighting skill scroll itself.

"Hey-hey."

"Remember the soul skill I told you about?" The Lord of Soul Eater slowly floated out of the ring, then beside Xiao Yan, staring at this golden scroll, out of intuition, Soul Eater The Lord can be sure that this is absolutely extraordinary.

"Attack soul skills, defensive soul skills..." Xiao Yan nodded, obviously the Lord of Soul Eater still vividly remembered what he said.

"If it's not unexpected, this thing is probably a volume of interference fighting skills." The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help laughing.

"Interfering with fighting skills?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, and he looked at the scroll in his hand with horror, and was speechless for a while.

"In the eyes of the people in Thunder Valley, this scroll is an ordinary attacking fighting skill, but they don't know that this is just a blind trick of the scroll maker." The Lord of Soul Eater laughed, in the voice Filled with pride.

"Master, let's do it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan said directly, this golden scroll may not be able to be opened according to his current soul power, so he is too lazy to waste time.

"Look at me."

"The power of Soul Eater!" The Lord of Soul Eater just finished laughing, and suddenly the black palm waved lightly, and a destructive black air suddenly completely wrapped the golden scroll!

"Boom!" The bright voice slowly echoed in the house, but fortunately there was a soul barrier set up by Xiao Yan in advance, so the outside world did not find it.

"Weng Om..." The next moment, a colorless and transparent phantom appeared on the golden scroll.

The colorless phantoms were sparse and ordinary, but the fluctuations on his body that went deep into the bone marrow made Xiao Yan shudder.

"How is it possible? This is the fluctuation of reincarnation again?" And with the appearance of this colorless and transparent phantom, Soul Eater's face also became strange.

"Pimple!" With the sudden appearance of the energy phantom, Xiao Yan only felt his head dizzy.

"Whoever sees this scroll... Bless me in the Great Thousand World!" The colorless and transparent phantom gently uttered two words, and then seemed to have exhausted all his strength, bursting out with soft golden light and slowly disappearing.

"Master... this is it?" The energy phantom disappeared, and the soul power that protected the scroll also dissipated in an instant.

"The owner of the maker scroll is also a strong man who has stepped into reincarnation." The Master of Soul Eater slowly shook his head and said.

"It's reincarnation again?" Xiao Yan said in surprise when he heard the words.

The strength of this energy phantom must have reached the realm of transcendence, but it is so powerful that it is forced to fall into reincarnation. Is this extraterritorial evil race really so tyrannical?

"According to the fluctuations just released, this guy is a strong person who is loaded into the book of reincarnation. If there is a fate in the future, I am afraid that he will meet him."

"Now, let's take a look at this good thing first." The Master of Soul Eater slowly shook his head, and then threw the scroll at Xiao Yan easily.

"Yes." Xiao Yan caught the scroll and nodded.

"Open it and take a look." The Master of Soul Eater didn't bother about the energy phantom just now. After all, although he noticed the fluctuations of reincarnation, it was unknown who it was.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan wrapped the scroll with his soul power, and then gently opened the scroll with both hands.

"Weng Om Om!" The scroll was just unfolded by Xiao Yan, and an incomparably tyrannical impact of the soul emerged directly from the inside.

"Fortunately, your soul strength is not weak. Otherwise, some people with slightly weaker soul strength may be destroyed directly under the impact of the soul." The Lord of Soul Eater explained.

"Weng Om Om!" With the disappearance of the soul shock, the scroll produced an extremely terrifying suction force, sucking both Xiao Yan into it.

Xiao Yan naturally knew that this was the inner space of the Dou Skill Scroll, and it was also some experience left by the maker in order to allow the winner to better learn Dou Skill.

"What a weird space." As soon as he entered the space, he immediately saw an endless milky white, as if it were boundless.

There is no power, no creature, or even any energy from heaven and earth!

"There is light there!"

"Go and have a look!" The next moment, in the center of the space, a dazzling light flooded into Xiao Yan's field of vision, and Xiao Yan's body immediately moved away from it.

"This...should be where the fighting skills are recorded." When he came to Guang Guang's side, he immediately sensed the power of his soul. After confirming that it was correct, Xiao Yan said.

"I want to see what the mystery of this fighting technique is." After speaking, the dazzling soul power gathered into a giant palm of energy, which converged towards the inside of the light.

"Early Saint-level soul skills, interference type."

"The eye of staring." Following Xiao Yan's actions, a few resplendent words slowly flashed in the light.

"Tsk tsk tsk, it really is to interfere with the soul skill, it's a good thing!" The Master of Soul Eater also laughed.

"Hehe Xiao Yan grinned when he heard this.

"Don't be distracted, keep calm, and feel carefully." The next moment, the light suddenly changed drastically, and at the same time, the voice of the Soul Eater also became hurried.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan was also a smart person, he sat cross-legged in the void, his dazzling soul power kept squirming.

And in that light, a few lines of large characters first appeared, and then they turned into wisps of energy, pouring into Xiao Yan's mind. The sign was clearly that the method of cultivation was injected into Xiao Yan's body.

The next moment, in the void, a colorless and transparent figure appeared, and then sat quietly on the void like Xiao Yan!

"This is..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little dizzy after accepting the method of interfering with fighting skills, but when he saw the emptiness in front of him, he immediately laughed.

"This is a fighting skill exercise, little guy, look carefully." The voice of the Soul Eater came out.

"Weng Om Om!" The next moment, the phantom figure that was tightly locked by Xiao Yan's pupils, a dazzling soul power surged frantically like a tide, but finally slowly in his palm, after a special operation, a body like a A single eye the size of a medicinal pill slowly appeared.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Eye of Gaze!" Xiao Yan said with a single glance, but after the appearance of these eyes, Xiao Yan clearly felt that even if he used his soul power to resist extremely, the Dou Qi in his body would not be able to use any fighting skills for a while!

This is the strongest way to interfere with soul skills!