Chapter Vol 2 724: The tyrannical Mu Yingying

"What the **** are these guys doing?" Seeing that Hongqi had stopped his attack and rescued the two men in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, Lu Flute had no intention of making a move, and just looked at Wuzhuju, as if What are you waiting for.

This place is only a few hundred meters away from Wuzhuju. The strong fluctuation of Hongqi just now must have alarmed the people in Wuzhuju. Before long, a few of them will rush here. This point Needless to say.

"Are you waiting for Xiao Yan?" A bold idea appeared in Lu Di's mind.

However, the green flute smelled a dangerous aura from the man in the red robe in front of him. Obviously, the strength of this man should be very strong!

"Here." The next moment, Hong Qi's mouth opened slightly, and he said immediately.

"Green Flute, are you alright?" There were three figures in front of him.

Among the three figures, the two men and one woman were Mu Yingying, Xiao Yi and Mu Feng. The three of them immediately stepped out the door when they felt the fluctuations here.

"I'm fine, I'm a little weak." Seeing that several people came to him at the same time, Lu Di felt a burst of warmth in his heart.

"Your Excellency is fighting in the place where we live. This is too unethical." Mu Yingying was the first to speak, and the anger contained in her voice was obvious.

"What a beautiful beauty!" Seeing Mu Yingying talking to him, Hong Qi immediately focused on Mu Yingying.

How can there be such a beautiful woman in the world, with snow-white skin like walking on thin ice, plus the high-cold breath, like an ice lotus in the snow.

"Hehe, we are here this time mainly to see Junior Brother Xiao Yan."

"I heard that Junior Brother Xiao Yan has broken the precedent of our Fenxiang Pavilion since ancient times, so I couldn't help but come over to take a look. It's just that my two junior brothers see that your classmate is quite strong, so I want to learn from each other." Hong Qi is naturally scheming. .

"Oh……"

"Really?" Mu Feng heard the words, and immediately set his eyes on the two men in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor.

Although the auras of the two were not weak, Mu Feng had the final confidence to defeat the two.

However, the strength of the leader, Hong Qi, is a bit tyrannical.

"Let me do it." Seeing this, Xiao Yi on the side immediately took a step forward, and the terrifying aura instantly dissipated.

"Damn, this person's strength..." Hong Qi's eyes are very old, and in just one breath, he feels Xiaoyi's tyranny. This guy's strength is probably on par with some strong people in the sect. .

"Let me do it. After all, if you take action, the deputy hall master will not be able to explain anything." Mu Yingying shook her head.

This Xiaoyi's strength has reached the level of an eight-star Dou Emperor. If he takes action against a Hong Qi whose strength is only in the late stage of a six-star Dou Emperor, it will be a mouthful.

"Okay." Xiao Yi also knew these concerns, so she didn't speak.

"bring it on."

"Breaking into the territory of our Human Palace privately and injuring the disciples of our Human Palace is a serious crime," Mu Yingying said.

"Humph!"

"If you want to fight, you will fight. Where does all this nonsense come from?" After Hong Qi finished speaking, the same dazzling energy of life suddenly burst out, and immediately attacked Mu Yingying.

Mu Yingying also snorted coldly, but she didn't use the power of life, a tiny azure blue flame instantly emerged, and then surrounded her entire body!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" Hong Qi's seemingly vicious attack landed on Mu Yingying, but it was like a child playing a house, without causing any fluctuations.

"Damn, what is this?" Hong Qi was shocked. His strength was in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and this attack was not weak. How could he be intercepted so easily?

"The strength of the late Six-Star Dou Di is not only yours!" After Mu Yingying finished speaking, the blue flame on her body suddenly expanded several times, condensing into a giant flaming snake, and staring fiercely at the huge snake mouth. Red Qi.

"You Longbu!" Hong Qi knew that he had to fight quickly, otherwise, once the time dragged on, it would be even more unfavorable to him. After all, this is the site of the Human Palace, and this action was purely for selfishness.

As soon as Hong Qi's voice fell, an extremely large force of life suddenly emerged, and then, with the terrifying speed of the dragon walking, it left Mu Yingying's line of sight and moved rapidly.

"What a fast speed!" Seeing this, Mu Yingying frowned. Although the flaming snake here is extremely powerful, if it can't hit the target accurately, it's probably useless.

"Huangquan's anger!" Just when Mu Yingying was a little confused, a voice resounded slowly through the entire human hall.

With the sound of this voice, Mu Yingying was temporarily lost in her heart, because this voice was too familiar!

"Squeaky..." The next moment, Hong Qi suddenly became sluggish, with no expression, and even his actions became sluggish.

"Go!" Naturally, Mu Yingying knew that the battle was changing rapidly, so she did not hesitate. She controlled the dazzling fire snake and attacked Hong Qi suddenly!

"Ahhh!" He was hit by a soul attack, and fell into a sluggish state for a short time. When Hong Qi woke up, he was already hit by Mu Yingying's dazzling fire snake!

The smell of burning slowly spread, and there were many injuries on the body. Immediately, Mu Yingying saw that it was almost the same, and immediately sent the fire snake away. After all, this is the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"This hatred, I've written it down!" Hong Qi's entire body and clothes were scorched, and she stared at Mu Yingying fiercely, as if she wanted to eat her abruptly!

"Let's go!" Hong Qi said directly to the two little brothers behind him.

He had failed this time. Originally, Hong Qi's plan was to humiliate these people and force Xiao Yan to show up, but how could he have thought that the strength of the people in this hall was also abnormal!

"Why are you leaving in such a hurry? Stay and have a cup of tea?" Just as the two younger brothers helped Hong Qi get ready, a hearty laughter sounded slowly.

It was Xiao Yan who Hong Qi wanted to see.

"Xiao Yan?" Hong Qi raised his head with some difficulty, but when he saw a strange smile on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, he immediately screamed inwardly!

Furthermore, what surprised Hong Qi even more was that this Xiao Yan's strength actually made him feel a sense of trepidation!

"Come on!" Hong Qi suddenly said to the two younger brothers. When the two younger brothers were about to run away, Xiao Yan moved.

After all, Xiao Yan's current strength has reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, so it is not easy to deal with Hong Qi, who is in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor and the late Six-Star Dou Emperor.

"Tell me."

"Who sent you here?" Xiao Yan turned around and intercepted the three of them.

A chill flashed in the eyes of the three of them, and they all knew that this Xiao Yan was probably the real **** of plague!

"Yes……"

"We were sent by the second senior brother of the Earth Palace."

Ask for tickets!