Chapter Vol 4 2064: End and Begin!

The latest website: "Let's go, first go to the front desk to collect our things." Xiao Yan pulled Xun'er, swaggered out of the auction hall, and walked towards the auction front desk.

This is the Medicine Clan, the source is the Yao Clan's high-profile auction method this time, Xiao Yan didn't hide it, and walked around struttingly. Naturally, there is no need to worry about safety issues, whether it is the countless secret defenses of the Medicine Clan, or his own. In terms of strength, Xiao Yan has enough self-confidence, and Xiao Yan wished that someone would come to kill people and steal money, and then he could still make a fortune.

"Hush." ​​After a few minutes, the two walked across a fragrant path to the front desk.

"Guest Xun'er buys the Nether Flame Python, and guest Xiao Yan buys the Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit, please wait a moment, I will inform the adults to come in charge." Looking at Xiao Yan and Xun'er, the talented and beautiful pair of people in front of them. , the supervisor above the front desk hurriedly said softly, and after that, he hurried to the backyard to invite the big man.

At this level of auction, the follow-up procedures are obviously not something that guys like them can be responsible for.

"Give it to me." After a while, Yaoyun hurriedly emerged from the backstage, and immediately glanced at Xiao Yan and the two with a friendly smile.

The identities of these two people are unknown, but both in terms of strength and financial resources, they are far from ordinary people, so Yaoyun is also willing to make friends with them.

"The amount and auction items have been counted."

"These are two Nativity Rings, and the treasures you two bid for are in them."

"But remember, Na Jie can only let Nether Flame Python stay for one day. After returning, please deal with this guy as soon as possible." Yaoyun reminded kindly.

"Well, thank you Miss Yaoyun for your kindness."

"But I don't know who the so-called Infinite Shield was taken away in the end?" Xiao Yan nodded slightly and said with a smile, this woman felt pretty good to Xiao Yan, and with the curiosity that was hard to contain, she couldn't help asking aloud .

"The Infinite Shield was finally taken away by the Soul Palace." Yaoyun didn't hide it, and said softly, this is no secret at all.

"If that's the case, then we'll go back first." Xiao Yan waved his hand, and immediately took the two rings. After confirming the treasure, he quietly exited the stage.

"Do you need to investigate them?" Watching Xiao Yan and the two leave, a group of shadowy figures said behind Yaoyun, these guys were the space powerhouses just now.

"No, everyone who comes is a guest."

"I've stepped up my alert recently. I don't know what's wrong. It seems that something happened outside the Yunling Mountains. This place has become a place where you can only enter and cannot leave."

"Tomorrow's grand ceremony is just around the corner, I hope this time will be smooth." As soon as the voice fell, the place slowly returned to calm.

Not long after, an hour later, Xiao Yan and the two returned to their residence for safety.

"Originally, there were figures following us on the road, I thought they would take action, but I underestimated the strength of the Yaozu, their huge group of alchemists, this time for the auction and the grand ceremony, I am afraid that many heroes will come to guard, so Those who are eyeing the tiger do not dare to take action lightly." After closing the door, Xiao Yan said helplessly.

You don't need to think about it, you know that if the people who follow him are not the Yan clan, they are probably the Xiyue Sect.

"Brother Xiao Yan, tomorrow is the opening day of the grand ceremony. You should take advantage of today's time to devour and absorb the Nether Flame Python." Xun'er said.

"Okay." Xiao Yan didn't say much, and immediately started to act.

"By the way, the Soul Clan and Soul Palace?" Xiao Yan asked in doubt after the breath.

"The Soul Palace is the predecessor of the Soul Clan, but according to Senior Gu Yuan, the relationship between the Soul Clan and the Soul Palace has always been bad, and even the Soul Clan's patriarch hates the existence of the Soul Palace." Xun'er nodded and said.

"It turns out that the Phoenix Nirvana Pill is waiting for me to think of a way, don't worry." As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan also began to retreat.

The Nether Flame Python has a special flame called Nether Flame. The power of this flame is extremely terrifying, and it has a fatal pressure on some younger generations, but it is extremely simple for Xiao Yan, so the retreat only lasted. In a few hours, the Nether Flame Python and the King of Undead Nether Sparrows completely merged, and their rank reached the peak of the Heavenly Rank, but they were not able to step into the God Rank for a long time. It seems that there is still a long way to go. Soul, Xiao Yan also experienced many changes.

On the other side, the Xiyue Sect resides.

"Teacher, that Netherworld Flame Python and Ice Essence Fire Spirit Fruit can't be so cheap for Xiao Yan, look..." Shen Hong said with a gloomy expression inside the quiet house.

"No, the defensive power here is far beyond what we can deal with, so we can't do it for the time being."

"But it's not just the two of them, Elder Yan Yun of the Yan clan, and the Soul Palace are the targets of countless of us. We have treasures in our hearts. This grand ceremony will not be so simple." The old monster Shen Xi laughed. The attraction of scrolls and broken artifacts is enough to drive countless people crazy.

"Teacher, what are you saying?" Shen Yi, who was beside him, noticed something and asked aloud.

"This time the medicine clan festival is a bit different from the past, and you will naturally know it tomorrow."

"This unusual rule is also the last way for many of our powerhouses to fight openly and secretly." Old Monster Shen Xi pretended to be mysterious.

Inflammation Department.

"Old Yan, what should I do with the forbidden scroll?" Yan Xuan said with a heavy expression.

"I don't know if it's intentional for the Medicine Clan or for other reasons. This place has become a place where you can only enter and can't leave. It seems that you can only wait for the end of the Medicine Clan's grand ceremony to send the forbidden technique back to the Clan." Ancestor Yanyun muttered. road.

"However, the disciple is worried that other powerhouses may have bad intentions on the forbidden scroll. After all, the power and value of the forbidden scroll is enough to make them want to move." Yan Xuan whispered.

"Don't worry, as long as they dare to come, this ancestor will accept all the orders." At the end of the sentence, Yan Yun's voice actually became distorted, and a deep meaning emerged.

The last place, the Soul Clan.

"Old Soul." In the room, Hunmu stood quietly, looking at the soul virtual child and the broken artifact in front of him Hunmu, the next medicine clan festival, you have to win glory for our soul clan. "Hunxuzi smiled slightly, and didn't seem to be worried about breaking the divine weapon.

"Disciple leads the order!" Hun Mu also said with a gloomy smile. For medicine refining, he has extremely terrifying self-confidence. The only thing he is worried about is the two peerless geniuses in the medicine family. It is said that the two have now Standing at the pinnacle of immortal steps.

The outside world, the entire Yunling Mountain Range, was enveloped by a soft light. The outside world could not detect what happened, but they could see that the vast and boundless area of ​​the Yunling Mountain Range was actually covered by a milky white energy at this time. , completely shrouded!

That kind of scenery is like a dimensional prism that completely wraps the entire mountain range, mysterious and mysterious!

As for the powerful medicine clan who were responsible for patrolling and vigilance, they were quietly destroyed under the power of Liu Hao's army.

For a time, the medicine clan festival became more and more intense, but a conspiracy slaughter also slowly swept in.