Chapter 285: The attractive conditions of 9 super sects (below)!

"This Purgatory Hall can be regarded as a good one. It takes the world's major affairs as its own responsibility, and it is also a rare cultivation holy place." Xiao Yan also said in a low voice.

"Hey, although this Purgatory Hall can't be added to it, it can still manage a good relationship with it. After all, they are specialized in dealing with the evil things in the demon world and the ghost world. At that time, they will inevitably have to peep at one or two special methods." Jinlong Wang's voice also echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Purgatory Hall is really a big piece of work..."

"The value of immortal-level fighting skills is quite high." Solomon's strong man also snorted coldly.

"It's just mere fighting skills. If you can accept this disciple, it would be a good idea to be the successor of the hall master." The powerhouse of Purgatory Hall also said slowly.

After speaking, he also looked at Xiao Yan with anticipation and looked forward to Xiao Yan's actions. There is no doubt that as long as Xiao Yan showed any little bit of heartbeat, these old foxes above the sky would definitely increase their bargaining chips.

"Junior still thanked senior..." Xiao Yan also shook his head. Obviously, the bargaining chip of this purgatory hall is precious, but Xiao Yan and the ghost world and the devil world do not have any deep hatred, so the chance to join this sect is much smaller.

When the few people beside Xiao Yan heard the words, their brows moved slightly. This Purgatory Hall's handwriting is really incredible. In order to win Xiao Yan, he did not hesitate to use the position of the hall master...

The hall master of the Purgatory Hall is in charge of the entire Purgatory Hall, and his strength is even stronger than that of the Xuanling King!

The words that Ren's Purgatory Hall used to attract Xiao Yan with such an expensive bargaining chip showed that Xiao Yan's potential was quite good.

"Hey, you are really..." The powerhouse in Purgatory Hall seemed to have already known the result, and said without any surprise.

"Looking at the faint soul fluctuations on Xiao Yan's body, as expected, this kid is still an alchemist..."

"What a terrifying talent..." The powerhouse of the puppet mansion also said slowly.

A person's strength is of course important, but more importantly, under the premise of strong strength, he is still an alchemist!

His rank is certainly not low, and such talent is quite astonishing.

"Since that's the case, then my puppet mansion is not taken by the strong man." After the strong man in the puppet mansion finished speaking, he also glanced at the strong man in the Pill Valley not far away.

Pill Valley, Xuanling Royal Family and Wanjianmen, but the three giants of these sects, few people would offend them, so the powerhouse of the puppet mansion also planned to sell this Pill Valley a favor.

"Haha, then thank you for the puppet mansion. If there is any need for medicinal herbs in the future, just say so." An old man from Pill Valley also said with a smile.

When the puppet manor heard the words, he also smiled with joy. With the words of Pill Valley's favor, it will be much more convenient in the future.

"Hey, the pharmacist is really loved by everyone..." Xiao Yan also found the scene in the sky, and couldn't help but laugh.

"If you enter my ancient desolate hall, "Eight Dunjia" will also give you practice." The strong man in the ancient desolate hall also said slowly.

"Eight Dunjia..."

"This is a method of body refining that even my master, the Golden Dragon King, praises..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If there is a chance in the future, let's get in touch." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Don't worry, the power of the "Eight Dunjia" is certainly powerful, but it can't compare to our Dragon Clan's body refining method."

"In terms of body refining, our dragon clan is enough to rival any sect." The Golden Dragon King's confident voice also said.

"Don't worry, after you successfully join the sect, it will be taught to you." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also struck Xiao Yan's body as a reassurance.

"The Dragon Clan's body refining technique has long been heard, and I don't know how powerful it is." Xiao Yan murmured.

Seeing Xiao Yan on the ground falling into contemplation, the powerhouse in the Ancient Desolate Palace also knew that there was no chance, so he shook his head and stepped back.

"I'll give up the Heartless Palace..." The people in the Heartless Palace shook their heads. Obviously, although this Xiao Yan was the number one newcomer, he also violated their rules.

The people from Wanjianmen also shook their heads. This Xiao Yan did not feel any sword intent, so he gave up.

After all, at this time, Xiao Yan, with a heavy ruler on his back, already explained a lot of problems, and it was quite unrealistic to switch to Sword Intent at this time.

"I believe in your choice." Chang Yu said softly without throwing any chips.

"Damn it, this Burning Incense Pavilion won't really be like this..." Xiao Yan frowned and was quite depressed.

At this point, there are also Dan Gu and the Xuanling royal family who have not put any chips on Xiao Yan.

"Haha, I don't know whether it was King Xuanling or..." The old Dan Gu also smiled slowly.

"Then let me go first." King Xuanling also smiled slightly. Although some unpleasant things happened just now, he still had to maintain the temperament that the royal family should have.

"Xiao Yan is that..."

"If you join me, the Xuanling Royal Family, the Imperial Pond in the Xuanling Royal Family will let you soak in, and the resources will also be tilted towards you. Within 70 years, it will be enough for you to set foot in the Battle of Immortals!" King Xuanling slowly 's opening.

"This..." Following King Xuanling's words, many of the surrounding powerhouses of the nine super sects also frowned slightly, obviously shocked by the bargaining power of King Xuanling.

Breaking through to the Immortal Fighting Power within 70 years?

This may seem like a fantasy, but it is not.

The Xuanling Royal Family is the most powerful existence on the Xuanling Continent. Since the Xuanling King dares to speak out, it is definitely not aimless, and there must be some basis.

"Tsk tsk tsk, it's really a big hand..." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

"It seems that the Xuanling royal family has decided on me." Xiao Yan also smiled slightly. Although the Xuanling royal family offered terrifying conditions, Xiao Yan didn't feel the slightest heartbeat, because he didn't know. What's the matter, Xiao Yan felt a different kind of breath from this Xuanling King. Xiao Yan couldn't tell the specifics, but it was not a good thing.

"How do you think about it?" King Xuanling also had the chance to win.

"Terrorism still has to thank Emperor Xuanling for his kindness..."

"The boy is used to being idle and wild, and he's not used to living in the royal family, so he still can't join the Xuanling royal family, sorry." Xiao Yan also said a little apologetically.

"Don't you know what's good or bad?" King Xuanling's smile just now became a stalemate, and then he said angrily.

"Hehe, why are you bullying a newcomer like this?" The old Dangu man on the side also spoke slowly, looking at Xiao Yan with admiration.

"As for my Dangu, if I give conditions..."

"If you enter my Pill Valley, in addition to the seventy years that King Xuanling said will help you break through to the Immortal Battle, you will also be able to break through the Immortal Rank Alchemist within 20 years!" The old Dan Valley also spoke slowly. .

"This old guy..." Chang Yu also shook his head, obviously under such attractive conditions, Xiao Yan would be really a fool if he didn't join.

As soon as the words of the old Dangu fell, Mu Yingying, Yueru, and Mu Feng around Xiao Yan were all surprised.

With such terrifying conditions, anyone else would be terrified.

"Xiao Yan, what will your choice be?" The two daughters Yueru and Mu Yingying also looked at Xiao Yan with their hearts raised.

Ask for tickets!