Chapter Vol 4 1887: Can you fight for 1 demon handsome?

"Guru..." The Monster Beast Judge who was in charge of maintaining Xiao Yan and the eight newly promoted Monster Generals to fight couldn't help but break into a cold sweat.

When Xiao Yan came here just now, he was met with the joint resistance of the eight demon generals, but Xiao Yan ignored it.

It didn't take long for Xiao Yan, who was as violent as a beast of flames, to defeat the other eight people one after another with the powerful flames that surpassed the same level.

It only took less than a stick of incense to defeat eight demon generals with one person's power, which shocked the referee demon beast.

"I announce that Sir Xiao Yan is the leader of the nine demon generals." After speaking, the demon beast judge also raised his hand and swore an oath.

Too strong, this Xiao Yan is really too strong.

Especially that kind of amber flame, when the flame came out, the power of the other eight demon generals was suppressed a lot, so they were defeated one after another.

"I didn't control the strength, I'm sorry." Xiao Yan heard the words, put away the flames on his body, said with a trace of apology, and walked away to the eight demon generals after a while, a trace of gentle power nourished their wounded. The body, so that the eight people who were originally very resentful are now slowly relieved.

This Xiao Yan is not only powerful, but also very particular about being a person.

"Sir Xiao Yan is really talented, I will admire it." The eight people were shocked, but they also had a good impression of Xiao Yan's behavior of giving first priority to soldiers.

"Xiao Yan?" After the blink of an eye, the wolf general hurriedly got down from the arena and came to the arena at this time. Seeing that Xiao Yan was barely damaged on the field, he couldn't help muttering.

Originally, I just didn't want to see Xiao Yan being abused, but now it seems to have evolved into Xiao Yan's unilateral crushing?

"Lord Wolf General is good. Now I'm the leader of the new demon generals, right?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively, his tone was rather dull, it seemed that after defeating the eight demon generals, he still didn't know what to do, what else could there be? general purpose.

"What do you want to express?" The wolf general itself is only the late stage strength of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. Although he is an old-fashioned demon general, he asked himself that he couldn't defeat the eight demon generals himself. What kind of tyrannical combat experience and strength would this require? ?

"I take the liberty to ask, since I have defeated eight demon generals now, I have proved my own strength, so can I... win the demon general?" Seeing the wolf general's vigilant expression, Xiao Yan did not hesitate. Almost blurted out.

"What?"

"Fight for the handsome guy?"

"The minimum requirement for a demon handsome is eight-star fighting immortals. You are in the early stage of seven-star fighting immortals. Don't make trouble for me!" The wolf general said angrily, but he was also shocked in his heart, fighting for the name of demon handsome, I am afraid this is Xiao Yan's. Purpose.

"How do you know if you don't try it?"

"You said yes, Lord Wolf General." At this moment, the power in Xiao Yan's body became deep, and a terrifying force that seemed to surpass all the powerhouses present swept out, causing the expressions of Wolf General and others to change involuntarily. Seriously, this aura is not something that a powerhouse in the early stage of Seven Star Dou Xian can possess.

"Boy, are you rebelling against the army's heart?"

"Believe it or not, I will bring you to justice as my wolf general and deal with it in accordance with military law?"

"The demon commander is the core and commander of the army, but he is not comparable to the demon general!" The wolf general got angry and couldn't help roaring.

"Hehe, I think I can give this guy a try." Just as the wolf general roared, the old horned old man slowly came here and said softly.

"Old Demon, but this is not in line with the rules. If this matter comes out, I am afraid that the Ten Thousand Demon King will blame it..." The wolf general also hesitated at this time.

"In today's troubled season, naturally I can't follow the rules step by step. Let him try it. Strength doesn't mean everything, does it?" down, laughing.

"Just give it a try, but I can't guarantee your safety, eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse. You must have the awareness of life and death." The wolf general muttered.

"In our army today, there are quite a shortage of demon commanders. Even now, there are only four demon commanders, and two of them have just been elected."

"Little guy, are you confident?" The Horned Demon said with a smile.

"Try it." Xiao Yan smiled slightly.

"Now the two newly promoted demon handsomes are Tianhu demon handsome, who is half-step eight-star fighting immortal, and Xu Zheng, who is in the early stage of eight-star fighting immortal."

"Because the competition of the Demon Commander is a very important event in the Myriad Demon Kingdom, so tomorrow, you and the Tianhu Demon Commander will have a public duel here, and the winner will be the Demon Commander. If you can defeat this guy, you will be able to follow suit. Challenge Xu Zheng, the demon handsome."

"The first person in the new demon commander is now Xu Zheng. If you can defeat Xu Zheng, I am afraid that your prestige and appeal will be greatly improved."

"If you fail, you won't have the qualifications to continue to compete for the demon commander, but you are still the leader of the nine demon generals, can you agree?" said the old horned demon.

"Okay, no problem." Xiao Yan agreed directly.

"Okay, let's all go away today." Yu Yin curled up, and the battlefield returned to calm.

On the other side, in the Kingdom of Ten Thousand Demons.

"Oh?"

"This Xiao Yan is the powerhouse recommended by the Butterfly Valley ancestor?"

"Defeat eight demon generals with one's own strength, trying to provoke and compete for the position of demon commander?" At this time, the old man with horns beside the Wan Yao Wang explained everything that happened today, and the Wan Yao Wang couldn't help laughing. There is an unfathomable depth in it.

"Send someone to inform Tianhu Yaoshuai of tomorrow's battle."

"If he loses, then hand over the position of the demon commander."

"Also, let me secretly stare at Xu Zheng Yaoshuai, I always feel that his power and intentions don't seem right, because the breath on his body always has some disgusting smells, like a foreign evil clan that is outrageous And now the war is imminent, I don't know where Lord Heisha Longlang is now." After speaking, calm was restored here.

"Susu... The powerhouses of the demon world are just a group of sparse and ordinary straw bags."

"When I enter the ancient battlefield as a demon commander, I will use the power of these ants to unlock the seal of the Demon Suppression Prison for me, and let the creatures in this demon world be charred, and our Soul Palace can collect countless demon beasts and demons from it. The plan lays the foundation."

"Susu." In a rather quiet manor, Xu Zheng's dark voice sounded slowly.

In the last place, in a noisy pavilion, a white fox figure monster slowly stands here, and several tall fox monsters continue to be charming. The fierce breath on his body is chilling.

Half-step eight-star fighting immortal monster handsome Tianhu!

"My lord, the Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons sent a message. Someone will challenge your position as a demon commander in the arena tomorrow. You need to go and prove yourself." Suddenly, a fox monster flashed out of the dark and said quietly. his men.

"I know, I know."

"It's just the first stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals...Tomorrow, I'll let you know what true death is."

"You say yes, beauties, hehe." After Tianhu finished speaking, his body and palms turned towards the beautiful monsters surrounding him. The scene was quite chaotic.

For a time, Wan Yao recruited troops in an orderly manner abroad, and I am afraid that the final battle of the demon world is getting closer and closer.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.