Chapter Vol 4 1225: 3 eyes are now, everyone leaves!

"That is……"

"Third Eyes!" Xiao Yan's eyes became serious. Obviously, if the three-eyed ghost pupils were all three, I am afraid that the four-star Fighting Immortal-level powerhouses could only walk around, let alone them.

The third eye of these three-eyed ghost pupils was a smear of gray pupils. The gray pupils gave Xiao Yan a very strong wave of death. At first glance, it seemed that there was a mysterious power from hell.

"Hahaha!"

"Eagle Eye Team, thank you for accepting my employment. In return, I will give you the Three Eyed Ghost Eyes."

"How can the ghost world have time to play with you, a bunch of idiots."

"I won't accompany you from now on."

"Susu." The voice of the man in black slowly spread throughout the space, and then his figure slowly disappeared. The direction of disappearance was the place where the wicked were imprisoned on the eighth floor.

And until this time, I am afraid that the stupid person also understands that all this is the plan of the guy in front of him!

Forged a commission from the great power of the ghost world, and let the Hawkeye team enter the Ice and Fire Island to save people, so the man in black followed. When entering the destination, the man in black took action and wiped out all the insiders, so as to avoid future troubles!

"This bastard!"

"It's actually tricking us!" Until now, Yu Yifeng finally understood that he had been tricked by others when he entered Ice and Fire Island twice before and after, and he felt that this commission was unclear, even full of loopholes. It was only because of the pressure of the great power that he had to do it.

"What should I do now?" Liu Qing looked at Xiao Yan with a weak aura and said.

"You guys... let's go first." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly and said, through his keen soul power, he discovered that the gray pupils of the three-eyed ghost pupil and the third eye were filled with too many death fluctuations. Staying here, I'm afraid there won't be any chance of winning, but it will only increase Xiao Yan's burden.

Moreover, the reason why Xiao Yan wanted to stay was because of the three-eyed ghost pupil!

Although the three-eyed ghost pupil was undoubtedly devastating to the current Xiao Yan, it was also a great supplement, so a bold idea slowly emerged.

If you can defeat the three-eyed ghost pupil and refine it, the soul of the fairyland will be at your fingertips!

"How about that?"

"Since we are a team, how can we leave our teammates and escape alone?"

"Yu Yifeng can't do this kind of thing!" Although Yu Yifeng was very aggrieved, facing Xiao Yan said this, there was no sign of backing down.

"The guy just now should be the initiator of this plan. He has been following us, and the exit has been destroyed by him, but my soul power has captured his hidden passage. There is no time. If you don't leave, the exit will be closed. I'm afraid all of us have to die here." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"These three-eyed ghost pupils are too strong." Razer said.

"I hold it, you guys go first, I have a way to get out."

"See you at the East Continent." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame wave directly entangled everyone, and then without looking back, he shot directly at a certain place in the boundless!

"Bang bang bang!" The third gray eye saw the jade legacy and everyone fled, and immediately a gray light beam, like a death ray, directly pierced through it.

"Kacha!" When the gray death ray was about to hit Yu Yifeng and the others, it was directly cut off by Xiao Yan with the palm of his hand!

"Crash!" The place that was attacked was the place where the man in black entered the eighth floor just now. At this time, the man in black left, the gap was being repaired quickly, but it was hit by such a tyrannical blow from the holy flame. That Wujie turned out to be a small crack, and then the Jade Legacy everyone was completely sent out by Xiao Yan.

"Next, it's time to have fun with you." Seeing that everyone in the Hawkeye team and the men in black disappeared, there was only Xiao Yan left in this unbounded area. Xiao Yan didn't have any fear, but instead The corners of his mouth were full of teasing.

The power of the three-eyed ghost pupil in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals is almost useless to Xiao Yan. After all, its strongest power is the power of the soul.

As for the power of the soul, the three holy flames in Xiao Yan's body, and even the many means of fighting the soul-devouring talisman, is naturally not difficult.

More importantly, Xiao Yan is also quite looking forward to the three-eyed ghost pupil. If he can swallow it, I am afraid that the soul of the fairyland will come naturally.

"The man in black just now should be a person from the kingdom of ghosts. I found out that someone was following us, but it was a miscalculation." The Lord of Soul Eater said helplessly.

"You guessed it right, the three-eyed ghost pupil is indeed a great supplement to the power of the soul, but if you want to devour it, I am afraid that the top priority is to defeat it." The Lord of Soul Eater said slightly.

"Gugugu!" Just when Xiao Yan was talking to the Soul Eater, the three-eyed ghost pupil appeared completely.

The third eye, the first eye is dark blue, the second eye is yellow, and the third eye is gray!

The three eyes joined together to form a triangle, but what scared Xiao Yan the most was the gray third eye!

It seems that this gray third glance is a look back, which can completely obliterate Xiao Yan.

"Huhu."

"Come out." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, not daring to underestimate the third eye, and immediately caressed his chest with his palm.

The next moment, three flames of different colors slowly emerged in this boundless world.

Ranked thirty-fifth, the khaki-colored Fire Heart Tianyan!

Ranked twenty-fourth, the dark blue ghost face ghost flame!

And the azure ethereal ice flame ranked twenty-second!

The three kinds of holy flames slowly emerged, and the entire space was suddenly quiet, and even the gray pupils couldn't help but show a heavy look. Obviously, facing the power of the three holy flames, even the three-eyed ghost pupils are a little inferior. One chip.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hmph Three-eyed Ghost Eyes, I want to see whether it was your soul attack that killed me first, or my three holy flames, which refined you first!"

"Three flames together, ghosts and gods!"

"Empty Tears!" Xiao Yan's voice was like that of a supreme monarch. As soon as the voice fell, the three holy flames spun rapidly around Xiao Yan, and even after the appearance of the three holy flames, the three-eyed ghost pupil The pressure on his own soul turned out to have disappeared without a trace.

"Gulugulu!" Until this time, Sanmu Ghost Eye didn't seem to realize that this little guy didn't seem to be simple, so a stream of dark blue liquid, a yellow liquid, and a gray liquid, the three liquids also instantly changed from three to one. The pupils flowed out, and then slowly merged together under Xiao Yan's gaze.

"Are you finally willing to make a killing move..."

"Then the outcome will be determined with one blow." Seeing this, Xiao Yan laughed. Obviously, no matter how tyrannical the three-eyed ghost pupils were, under the power of the fusion of his three saints, they would probably be vulnerable.

Until now, Sanmu Guitong and Xiao Yan were condensing extremely tyrannical attacks.

"Huoxin Tianyan has had a very strong defense since ancient times, and the ghost face and soul flame is the nemesis of the soul. In addition, the sacred breath of the ethereal ice flame suppresses the soul... The three-eyed ghost eye has been arrogant for so many years, and now it is also arrogant. It's time to rest in peace." Watching the tyrannical attack brewing between Xiao Yan and Sanmu Guitong, the Soul Eater smiled slowly.