Chapter Vol 4 1283: Immortal Rank 4th Grade Heaven Rank Immortal Pill!

In the blink of an eye, everyone came to a rather unfamiliar place.

There is an extremely wide field here, and even a huge cauldron of medicine cauldrons are standing side by side, which is obviously a place specially set up for the assessment.

"This is the assessment venue for the second level."

"There will be three volumes of prescriptions for you to choose from, respectively, the prescriptions of the four levels of the immortal rank, Tiandixuan, and three levels. You only need to choose the prescription you are most confident in and refine it, which means that the assessment is successful, saying. To be a true immortal-level pharmacist."

"But I have to tell you in advance that the soul power and fighting spirit consumed by the fourth-grade immortal pharmacist to refine the medicinal pills are far from comparable to that of the emperor...even the immortal pill robbery, compared to the pill thunder produced by the emperor pill. The robbery has been tyrannical several times over."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You have to be prepared." Tan Chen said seriously.

"Junior knows." Xiao Yan nodded heavily. Obviously, the matter of refining medicine, since leaving the Dou Qi Continent and leaving Yao Lao's guidance, Xiao Yan has been groping by himself. These things are obviously brand new. For Xiao Yan, they are quite interesting. pressure.

"Da da da." A series of rock squirming sounds suddenly appeared from the bottom of the refining pharmacy, and in front of Xiao Yan, three stone pillars slowly rose from the ground, above the stone pillars, there were one after another of silver simple scrolls, the scrolls were quiet Lying on top of the stone pillar, protected by a tyrannical light shield, even Xiao Yan couldn't crack it in a short period of time.

"What is the means of an earth-type powerhouse..." Xiao Yan was no stranger to these three stone pillars' actions. Obviously, this was not automatic, but a fighting technique controlled by the fighting skills of some earth-type powerhouses.

"There are three volumes of prescriptions here, you can choose one volume and start." Tan Chen said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then his eyes moved slightly towards the three stone pillars.

First of all, what Xiao Yan saw was the weakest of the three prescriptions.

Immortal rank fourth-grade Xuan rank medicinal pill, Fuxin Dan.

This pill has the miraculous effect of sobering and detoxifying, and has a rather tyrannical restraint against some toxin-like dark diseases.

"This thing is too weak." The next moment, Xiao Yan turned his head gently, not looking at the last volume of prescriptions. After all, Xiao Yan broke through the soul power in the first level, and his refining skills at this time were even better than before. Tyrannical, in any case, at least it is the medicine of the fourth grade of the immortal rank.

"Immortal rank fourth-grade earth rank." Xiao Yan had an idea, turned his head straight away, and walked towards the second stone pillar.

"Amplification Dan."

"This pill is called Amplifying Pill. After taking it, it can increase the user's own strength by half for an hour." The small words impacted Xiao Yan's mind. Obviously, this pill was quite attractive to Xiao Yan. force.

After all, Xiao Yan’s soul power and holy flame are both extremely terrifying powers at this time. Only his own fighting qi strength is too weak. If he has this medicine pill, he will undoubtedly increase his fighting power, even his rank and rank. The effect is much more useful than Fuxin Dan.

"Forget it, let's look at the first stone pillar first." Although Xiao Yan was quite interested in the prescription in the second stone pillar, he was not in a hurry.

"This is……"

"Immortal rank fourth-grade heaven rank, the prescription of the fairy spirit pill?" And when Xiao Yan's eyes and soul power probed towards the first stone pillar, a shock slowly poured into his heart.

What is a fairy pill?

That is the only divine pill that restores Dou Qi. It can be said without hesitation that this pill is the strongest pill for restoring Dou Qi under the four-star Dou Xian, and there is no one!

And the terrifying value of the medicinal pill also makes it expensive, and as for this medicine, it is even more precious!

Xiao Yan was slightly surprised that he would encounter this thing when he was evaluating the Immortal Rank Alchemist.

"Master... This..." Seeing this, Hua Fei couldn't help but put a black line on his head. Obviously, when he was examining the immortal-level pharmacist, the medicine formula for the earth-level profound level was exactly the same as when he was examining it, except for this heaven-level prescription. , but there has been a change.

According to the information Hua Fei knew before, the heaven-level prescription was not the prescription of the Immortal Spirit Pill, but something else.

"Be quiet." Seeing that his disciple was so excited, Tan Chen stared at Xiao Yan's actions as if nothing else.

"Master, this is really an abuse of power." Hua Fei was slightly dissatisfied. Obviously, the value of this immortal elixir cannot be measured by money, but it was only learned by Xiao Yan after the assessment, which made Hua Fei quite depressed. .

"I'll choose it." The next moment, Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power burst out, and he walked towards the first stone pillar, instantly breaking through the protection, and holding the prescription of the fairy pill in his hand.

Although this prescription is only engraved, its value is also hard to find.

"Good boy, courageous."

"But this thing is not so easy to refine." Tan Chen grinned, as if Xiao Yan's actions were all in his own calculations.

"Senior's medicinal pill, I'm sure." Xiao Yan said with a grin. Although this medicinal pill was called a fourth-grade immortal rank medicinal pill, Xiao Yan had a lot of confidence.

"Now that you're ready, let's start." Tan Chen smiled slowly and said.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded lightly and sat cross-legged directly. After some practice, he adjusted his body's breath to the peak, and then he carefully examined the prescription of the Immortal Spirit Pill.

"Xianling Pill can be taken during battle. After taking it, nearly 80% of the fighting spirit will be recovered almost instantly. But remember, you can only take it once a month, otherwise excessive use will cause resistance, and it will be useless in the future."

"Material for refining, withered spirit source branch, ice heart chalcedony, swallowing spirit stone."

Just as Xiao Yan used his soul power to enter the prescription, a series of voices came out slowly.

"Swallowing Spirit Stones?"

"No wonder the Immortal Spirit Pill can instantly restore so much vindictiveness. It turned out to be because of this thing." Xiao Yan was relieved.

Swallowing Spirit Stone, this kind of special stone that can store Dou Qi, regardless of the size of the palm of your hand, but it can store the huge power of Dou Xian powerhouse.

"No, there are three materials in it."

"So you have three chances, and the time is two hundred days."

"If you fail three times, or if it takes more than 200 days, it will prove that you have failed." Tan Chen pointed his finger at the prescription held by Xiao Yan, and suddenly a simple accepting ring slowly took from the prescription. It fell out of it.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan took the acceptance ring and said respectfully, and then the figure in front of him slowly came to the huge refining medicine cauldron in front of him, and a heavy touch slowly emerged in his heart.

"Huhu."

"Fighting, the alchemist of the fourth rank of immortal rank... If it succeeds, I am afraid it will be quite terrifying." Xiao Yan held the acceptance ring, and said slowly in his heart.