Chapter Vol 4 1252: Terrifying power of space

The overall area of ​​the space teleportation formation is probably the size of Xiao Yan on the Dou Qi Continent, as large as the space torn apart by the ancient soul realm.

This point, just from Xiao Yan's flight for a quarter of an hour, they still haven't gotten close to that silver dazzling light.

At first Xiao Yan felt that the silver light spot was the core of the space formation, but after flying for a long time, it didn't get too close, which gave Xiao Yan a new understanding of this space teleportation formation.

However, after flying for a long time, Xiao Yan and everyone felt that a rather tyrannical oppression suddenly filled his body.

"Little friend Xiao Yan." Yu Tianyue said to Xiao Yan as if he had sensed the oppression of the power of space.

Of the ten people here, only he and the Great Elder are three-star fighting immortals, and most of the others are only two-star fighting immortals. Naturally, it is quite difficult to resist such a tyrannical space force in this space formation.

"I know." Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned, and then a steady stream of dazzling soul power emerged, and then covered everyone's bodies.

"Huhu."

"It finally feels better."

"Thank you, Sir Xiao Yan." After Xiao Yan released his soul power, several other figures who were uncomfortable also signaled to Xiao Yan.

"Everyone, be careful, this space power seems to be undergoing some kind of special mutation." Just as Xiao Yan released his soul power, he suddenly smelled an extremely dangerous aura from the silver light group not far away.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This guy does have a second chance." The originally indifferent Great Elder Rain Curtain was originally dissatisfied with the fact that the sect master did not hesitate to take out the third-rank immortal-rank soul core as a reward, but now after seeing Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power , is also dumb.

Everyone nodded and continued to move forward. After a quarter of an hour, Xiao Yan had exerted a considerable amount of soul power on everyone else's body to protect their bodies. On the other hand, Yu Tianyue and the Great Elder had no resistance at all.

The three-star fighting immortal powerhouse is indeed well-deserved.

"It's almost there." And this feeling only lasted for half a moment. At noon, everyone slowly came to the place of silver light.

"In this silver light group, the core of the space formation is impressively located. I will enter it to repair it in a while, and the first elder, Xiao Yan and other people will be responsible for intercepting the power of space outside."

"We can't let the power of space approach the silver light group, otherwise we will only give up our previous efforts this time." Yu Tianyue said in a deep voice.

Repairing the space teleportation formation is not only related to the interests of their rain sect, but also to the ratio of whether some of their rain sect's talents can participate in Dongzhou, so Yu Tianyue is naturally very attentive.

"Sect Master Yu, don't worry, since I promised you, then I, Xiao Yan, will naturally not hide it." Xiao Yan said.

"It's so good, I'll go." Yu Tianyue didn't hesitate, his figure swept away, and went directly into the silver light group to start repairing.

And Yu Tianyue just poured into the silver light group, and suddenly this silver space suddenly shook, and a terrifying space force that made everyone feel restless slowly radiated.

"Zizi!" The power of silver space with a size of 100 meters, directly transformed into thunder, shot at the remaining nine people suddenly, its speed is fast, and its attack is strong, I am afraid that the ordinary two-star fighting immortals The strong in the early and mid-term will be seriously injured in an instant!

"Presumptuous!" Seeing this scene, the Great Elder Rain Curtain suddenly raised his breath, and then burst out with a loud shout, and a dazzling silver grudge entwined directly.

"Tsk tsk... The thunder attribute fighting qi in the middle stage of Samsung Dou Xian, the strength of this Great Elder is also extremely terrifying." Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered as he watched the Great Elder easily decipher the power of space.

After all, among all the attributes, the Thunder Element is undoubtedly one of the most destructive attributes.

Just after Xiao Yan finished speaking, his dazzling soul power sensed a bad premonition, and hurriedly raised his head to look above the void.

It was an extremely dazzling white light group. The white light group just appeared, it gave everyone an extremely tyrannical sense of oppression, and there seemed to be some tyrannical creatures hidden in the light group.

"What is that?" Some figures couldn't help but say, after all, they were also the elites of the Rain Sect, so they didn't panic.

"This is..." But the next moment, after seeing the dazzling white light in the pupils of the Great Elder Rain Curtain, he couldn't help shrinking tightly!

"Little friend Xiao Yan, use your soul power to break him!" The elder said suddenly and hastily.

"Soul power, break it for me!" Hearing the words of the first elder, Xiao Yan also realized something, and then he immediately attacked with a dazzling soul.

"Boom!" As Xiao Yan made such a move, the dazzling white light group slowly disintegrated, forming a giant object that caught everyone's sight.

"Guru!" A deafening roar suddenly emerged from the shattered ball of light.

What caught everyone's sight was a giant dragon of 1000 feet covered with silver rays of light!

The dragon's body is silver as a whole, and the silver scales protect it tightly. Through the silver scales, it seems to be filled with an unusually terrifying power. That power is nothing but the power of space, and at this time The silver 1000-foot dragon just appeared, and it immediately gave that heavy feeling to all the people present!

"This... this guy hasn't woken up yet?" Just when everyone was surprised, Xiao Yan said slowly, because of Xiao Yan's huge soul power, he discovered that the pupils of this giant dragon were actually closed, and although the aura was tyrannical, But if he fell asleep, I'm afraid it wouldn't be too much trouble.

"Pimple." But the good times didn't last long. The next moment, following the attack of Xiao Yan's original dazzling soul ~, the huge dragon's eyes of the silver thousand-foot dragon slowly opened, and then faced the person in front of him. Xiao Yan everyone shouted loudly.

"Ah, ah, ah!" Everyone was disturbed by the roar of the giant dragon at such a close distance. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's soul protection, I'm afraid that just such a roar would have driven them away.

"This guy... the target doesn't seem to be us?" Some figures in the crowd couldn't help but say.

"Gululu!" The silver giant dragon just woke up, and after roaring, it had no plans to attack Xiao Yan and his party.

"This guy is actually the product of the power of disordered space."

"It seems that the space teleportation formation is not being repaired. I'm afraid this place will become the hatchery of this monster." The first elder Rain Curtain opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was full of chills.

"No, this guy wants to directly attack the core of the formation!"

"The core of the formation has been completely destroyed, and this guy will have a new life!"

"Absolutely can't let it destroy the core of the formation!"

"Let's do it together!" The next moment, the silver dragon twisted its huge body, and the dragon tail swayed directly towards the core of the formation. It carried such tyrannical power, no doubt, if it hit the formation The core of the law, I am afraid it will be instantly obliterated.

"Go!"

"I will solve the oppression of you by the power of space!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and more powerful soul power emerged directly, and then covered the crowd.

. m.