Chapter Vol 4 974: leave!

"Have they been handed over?" After a while, Fen Tian asked Mu Tianyuan and Xiao Yan.

"It's almost there." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Xiao Yan also agrees with Fen Tian's handing over the command of the team to Mu Tianyuan. After all, Xiao Yan likes to fight alone, so if he leads so many people, he will undoubtedly be a bit dancing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the exchange just now, Xiao Yan also grasped some information about the Xuanling Royal Family's Four Heavenly Congregations.

"In that case, let's go down."

"You should go too." Fen Tian said.

"En." After everyone heard the words, they went directly to the main hall and looked at Fen Tian.

"This time in the sect competition, I don't want to get a good ranking. I only hope that as many people as you go today, as many people will come back."

"Do you understand?" Fen Tian changed his breath just now and said in shock.

"Understood!" The disciples in the main hall were all whistling slowly.

"Out of the Burning Incense Pavilion, the world outside is very chaotic, but don't forget one thing, the one you can rely on and trust is the senior brothers by your side."

"This time, it will be led by Yan Chi, Zhu Jin, Xiong Yuan, and Mu Xuzi. I hope you all have smooth sailing."

"I'm in the pavilion, waiting for the triumphant return of the princes!" Fen Tian's impassioned voice sounded slowly.

"Thank you, Pavilion Master." A mighty voice resounded.

"Let's go." Fen Tian said, and with a wave of his hand, a space passage appeared in front of the disciples.

"Pavilion Master, this time we will definitely have a better time." Zhu Jin and Yan Chi looked at each other and stepped directly into the space passage.

And the other 400 disciples, like a stream of water, entered the space channel in an orderly manner. Among them, there were seven people from the Heaven Palace, four people from the Earth Palace, and Xiao Yan and the others.

"This time, whether it's success or failure, it's time for a life-and-death struggle with the Xuanling royal family."

"Pass my order."

"The whole pavilion is under martial law." Fen Tian said to the disciples who were not selected. As soon as he finished speaking, the Fenxiang Pavilion became heavily guarded.

The Xuanling Royal Family.

"My king, there seem to be some rules for the sect competition this time..." In the palace, Wen Zi was quite puzzled, and immediately said.

"This has to benefit from Xuanmeng."

"After all, our people are not in vain." King Xuanling said with a smile.

"Four Heavens." King Xuanling glanced at the other four men who were in the palace with a terrifying aura, and spoke slowly.

"My king." The four men's auras were extremely sharp, but they respectfully said to King Xuanling.

"This time in the sect competition, the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion will be shot to death."

"Remember, Xiao Yan of the Human Palace killed my royal family Xuanmu, and even killed Qi Haoran. This time, regardless of life or death, he must be executed!"

"At all costs." King Xuanling said resentfully.

"As ordered." After hearing the words, the four-day crowd naturally nodded secretly.

"In addition, about the matter of Yin Tong, go this time and take care of the funeral. Don't be caught by the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion."

"And the seven people from the Heavenly Palace who were lucky enough not to die last time, they were also killed this time." King Xuanling said with a smile.

"But my king, will this anger Fenxiang Pavilion, if Fentian is here once..." Wen Zi said.

"Don't worry, as long as he dares to come, this is their cemetery." King Xuanling said something strange.

When everyone heard the words, they stopped talking immediately.

"Four-day congregation, with five hundred disciples, let's go." King Xuanling said, and then the four strong men stood up directly and walked out towards the palace.

Outside the palace, in the huge training ground, as many as 500 strong men stood slowly, and their serious expressions represented their confidence in winning.

"This time, Qin Tian and Ye Mo will lead the team. I hope you will win." King Xuanling's majestic voice sounded.

"We must win, we must win!" The disciples said slowly, their voices full of madness, but no one noticed that all of them were invariably full of bloodshots, and the bloodshots were like demons.

"Go!" At this time, Qin Tian stood in the air and waved slowly towards the void in front of him. Suddenly, a huge space channel emerged, and then many strong men stepped directly into it.

But at this time, Qin Tian and Ye Mo were also full of evil bloodshots, and what was even more strange was the strength of the two!

Qin Tian was originally the peak of Dou Di, but now that he has bloodshots, his strength has reached the early stage of Dou Immortal One Star!

And Ye Mo's strength has also reached the half-immortal level!

A one-star fighting immortal and a half immortal lead the team, what a big battle!

"Let's go."

"Fenxiang Pavilion, this time, none of you will be able to run away." The four people cast a glance in the direction of Fenxiang Pavilion, and the corners of their mouths moved slightly, obviously thinking of some delicious food.

And other super sects are also in full swing, and they all send outstanding disciples in the sect to the place where the sect competes.

"My king, they're gone." Wen Zi said after watching the four people leave.

"Get ready."

"I have already given them the information about the Holy Flame in the Blood River, and with that thing in the body, the Holy Flame will definitely be in the bag."

"What needs to be done now is to hunt down Queen Medusa."

"Only the power of her blood can suppress the holy flame and let me swallow it."

"The order goes on to secretly attack the Medusa family in order to hunt and kill Queen Medusa."

"This time, I will send all my strength, and I can't believe I can't keep her!" After King Xuanling finished speaking, the ancestor of the Xuanling royal family suddenly appeared beside him.

"Yes!" Wen Zi heard the words, naturally he knew the seriousness of the matter, and immediately went down to prepare.

"This time, if I win, I will expel all the power of the Gorefiends. If I fail, it will only be the point of no redemption." After the Xuanling King finished speaking, he closed his eyes and pondered In the remote Yinshan Mountain, where Solomon was located, two uninvited guests slowly appeared here.

"The Xuanling royal family should be full of secrets."

"The patriarch sent me here, I don't know what happened." In an extremely simple and ruined temple, the two figures slowly began to talk.

"I have a hunch that the Xuanling royal family will have a big move recently. We should keep an eye on them. When we gather enough soul power, we can return to the clan." The person who spoke was a figure with a vacuous figure. This figure Impressively, he is currently the general person in charge of the Soul Clan in Xuantian Santian.

"You and I are both one-star fighting immortals. Even if there is any movement in the Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that you and I will not be able to escape." Another figure said.

"Hey, soul demon, you can't say that. I always feel that the Xuanling royal family is not the same as the ghost world, so I invited you to sit here."

"Let's go back to the base camp first." After finishing speaking, the head of the soul clan disappeared into Yinshan with the soul demon.

The two one-star fighting immortal powerhouses in this soul clan would not know that they would bring immediate danger to Xuan Santian. &#x&#x&#x&#x&#x Fighting the God of Heaven &#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x&#x& #x