Chapter Vol 4 2068: Yao Yichen brothers and sisters!

The latest website: "Dong dong dong!" With a sound, the crystal barrier just appeared, and suddenly the thousands of participants felt that their eyes swayed, and they were directly away from the altar mountain and were involved in it.

In the crystal barrier, it is like an altar mountain, but the place where everyone stands is a huge square paved with agate stones. A deep ancient atmosphere emerges from the square, and in the center of the square, a piece is covered. Huge stones with countless mysterious patterns, shaped like a "mouth", radiated dim light.

It stands quietly in the center of the square. The whole is like a rather luxurious crystal block, revealing endless mystery. In addition to what Yao Xuanyi just said, you don't need to guess to know that this is probably used by the Yao family to detect the power of the soul. Baby, soul stone.

"This is the Crystal Barrier, which is the first round of competition. Don't worry."

"Later, you only need to release your soul power and inject it into the soul stone, and the most accurate value will appear." Yao Xuanyi explained.

"En..." With Yao Xuanyi's explanation, Qian Ren also calmed down, slightly adjusted the aura in his body to return to its peak, and prepared for the first round of soul testing.

"In that case, let's get started."

"I don't know everyone present, who will come first?" Yao Xuanyi said after Shun Qi.

"I come!"

"I'm coming..." Yao Xuanyi's voice just fell, and all the alchemists present also became agitated and took the initiative to sign up, and immediately formed a long queue in front of the crystal soul stone. There are so many immortal alchemists, but they are attracting attention.

"Hmph... just some cats and dogs." Yao Yichen shrugged and smiled when he saw this. Obviously, he didn't care about these guys who were not even the seventh-rank immortal pharmacist. The only one who had the sixth immortal rank Xiao Yan, who was awarded the Hell Medal, made him a little worried. After all, the guy who can go through the Hell Mode assessment is by no means an ordinary person.

"Brother, your character needs to be tempered. Before you came out, the elders once explained that you should not cause trouble, so don't forget it!" Hearing Yao Yichen's words, Yao Yixuan couldn't help complaining.

"This guy!" With Yao Yichen's provocative words, the alchemists around him who participated in the grand ceremony were also gnashing their teeth, but because of Yao Yichen's terrifying Seven Star Fighting Immortal perfection strength, coupled with the mysterious and unpredictable Immortal Rank Seven With the refining technology, no one dared to say a word for a while.

Because it does have such arrogance!

Completion of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals combined with the Immortal Rank Seventh-Rank Peak Alchemist is enough to make him look down on the heroes!

"Release your soul power and inject it into the soul stone." Yao Xuanyi said to the strong man in front of him.

"Okay." The first person in the line was a small and thin man, with a thick and heavy body all over his body. After blinking his eyes, his brows closed, his soul realm rolled violently, and the invisible soul power turned into a trace. Energy ripples were injected into the crystal soul stone in front of him.

"Tick." With a sound, this guy's soul power just touched the crystal soul stone, and suddenly a sound of water dripping sounded, and a conspicuous "70" slowly overflowed on the gorgeous crystal soul stone.

"The soul power score is 70, which is also considered a good seedling."

"Congratulations on successfully passing the first round." Yao Xuanyi supported his white beard, took over the fellow's sixth-grade alchemist medal of immortal rank, and injected a rather obscure power before opening the mouth.

For the pharmacist, the Medal of Alchemist is the most authoritative proof, but out of fear that some outlaws will forge the Medal of Alchemist, the soul test was established. Xuanyi's great means of penetrating the sky and the earth injected a trace of the exclusive breath of the medicine family into it. In the next competition, as long as you show this medal, it is the best proof of your identity.

"Okay, next one."

"..." One by one proceeded slowly, but the speed was extremely fast, except for some dark horses with a score as high as "80" rushed out halfway, otherwise one person was only delayed for a minute.

"You need to be careful in this grand ceremony assessment. There are only five people from the Yan Clan, the Soul Clan, the Yao Clan, and the Xiyue Sect. As for the other ancient races and superpowers, although their strengths are not bad, they can't cause any hindrance to you."

"Don't underestimate the brothers and sisters Hunmu and Yao Yichen. Even I don't give in to their accomplishments in medicine refining, and that disciple of the Yan tribe has a special flame, making medicine pills even more handy." Looking at the field Among so many figures, Ling Zixi slowly came to Xiao Yan's side and smiled.

"What do you mean?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned, obviously telling Xiao Yan intuitively that this girl's terror would not be so simple.

"Don't be afraid, I said that I just want to cooperate with you. After all, your family has endless mysteries, and I would also like to see it..." Ling Zixi seemed to be satisfied with Xiao Yan, and nodded slowly, Dragging cheeks with both hands.

Obviously, he already knew that Xiao Yan was a descendant of the Xiao family.

"Hum hum!"

"This little goblin, if it wasn't for me not being able to accompany Brother Xiao Yan in the assessment, I would definitely... definitely..." While the outside world watched the scene in the crystal barrier through a layer of light curtain, Xun'er looked at Ling Zixi like this , couldn't help stomping his feet angrily, even because of his anger, a rare terrifying aura emerged from his body, that kind of aura, even the late-stage powerhouses of the ancient race around him could smell a sense of unease.

For Xun'er's appearance, everyone around him became quiet, and even some people who were lucky enough to try to get close were also shocked away by it.

"This girl, it's not simple..." Looking at this scene, the five elders of the ancient five clans couldn't help staring at Xun'er, and seemed to sense a familiar breath, it was the breath of the ancient clan, but the ancient clan had something to do with the clan. I didn't come, so I wasn't sure for a while.

"I hope you can give me all of my strength in a while, otherwise this grand ceremony assessment will also become boring." Yao Yichen dropped a sentence coldly, and immediately followed.

Six hours passed slowly But there were nearly a thousand alchemists, but none of them reached the high score of "90", and only a handful of alchemists barely reached "80". At this moment, only ten people including Xiao Yan have not been tested.

"Let's do it." Lei Luochen took one step forward, then walked out from behind and came to the soul stone. He gently raised his palm to fit the ancient crystal-like soul stone, closed his eyes, and communicated with the spiritual palace in his body. Soul power is injected into the soul stone.

"Oh... It's actually the soul power of the fairyland that built the spiritual palace."

"Lei Clan seems to have a rare seedling this time." Yao Xuanyi looked at Lei Luochen like this and couldn't help laughing.

Among the thousands of people just tested, very few have reached the fairyland with their soul power, and even fewer have built a spiritual palace.

"Weng Buzz!" As the invisible soul power burst out from Lei Luochen's body, bursts of buzzing sounds sounded, and there were two conspicuous digital changes on the crystal soul stone.

"89 points..." After the breath, the two shining familiarity shocked everyone's hearts.