Chapter Vol 4 1018: Obstruction in front of the Holy Flame Palace!

"Shabu!" With the sound of bursts of voices, the giant door of the Holy Flame Palace suddenly opened gently.

"What a strong power of flame." As a fire elf, Xiao Yi naturally has a special sense of smell for the power of flame. When the giant door was opened, she couldn't help but say, the power of flame is amazingly holy. Flavor.

"Have you finally reached this stage..." And Xiao Yan looked at the slowly opening giant gate, and said with a smile in his heart, if he was getting a holy flame, he would undoubtedly have the qualifications to clamor with the Xuanling Emperor, and he had enough The arrogance in front of Cailin...

"Since the Holy Flame Palace has been opened, let's go in first, otherwise it will be troublesome when we wait for more people to come." Yan Chi said, looking at the giant door opened in front of him.

"Go!" After Yan Chi finished speaking, he immediately said to the crowd.

When everyone heard the words, their eyes sank, then nodded, and slowly roared away towards the giant gate.

"Crash!" Just as everyone's figures were swiping and preparing to pass through the giant gate to enter, a huge black cyclone suddenly shot at them from the forest outside the Holy Flame Palace.

"Who!"

"Get out!" Seeing this, Xiao Yi waved her palm lightly, and a gorgeous flame shield of fighting qi immediately appeared, protecting everyone.

"Bang bang bang!" But after a while, the black cyclone and Xiao Yi's defenses shattered.

"Hehe, the guy from Burning Incense Pavilion is really an enemy with a narrow road." Just when the second attack fell, a very figure suddenly appeared on the path in the forest.

"The guy from the Xuanling royal family..." As soon as Mu Tianyuan saw this group of people, his pupils shrank tightly, and he stared at the gray-clothed man at the head with extreme resentment.

"Mu Tianyuan, I haven't seen you for a long time. Your strength is still the Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation. No way."

"Last time, a few people escaped by luck in the sect competition. I hope this time, you can still have good luck." The royal family of Xuanling cast a slight glance at Mu Tianyuan and said mockingly.

"Each each other."

"You're not much better either." Mu Tianyuan was so mocked, his face immediately turned ugly.

"Get out."

"I can still spare you from dying..."

"Otherwise, the outstanding disciples of your Fenxiang Pavilion this time will probably be wiped out." Tiangan's voice was full of contempt, and he glanced at Xiao Yan by the way.

"In the early days of the eight-star Dou Di, you dared to pretend in front of the young master?"

"I think you're tired and crooked." Just when Tiangan was talking to himself, Xiao Yi, who was beside him, roared angrily.

"Don't worry, this guy is strong, but it's not time for you to make a move." Looking at Xiao Yi who was angry and embarrassed, Xiao Yan stopped him directly, and said.

Xiao Yi is her own trump card, so she must not be exposed too early.

"This guy is very strong. The strength of the eight-star Dou Di in the early stage is probably close to the limit of the blood river." Xiao Yi said to Xiao Yan in a deep voice.

"What is the Xuanling royal family doing..."

"You are indeed very strong."

"However, you Xuanling Royal Family Two Heavens and Four Heavens all fell into my hands."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't worry, I'll send you down to reunite with them soon." Xiao Yan, however, smiled at Tiangan with a dangerous arc on the corner of his mouth.

"Little bastard, you are courting death!" But after hearing Xiao Yan's words, Tiangan's normally quiet complexion suddenly became furious.

"Little bastard, die for me and make atonement for my two brothers!" Tiangan's figure skyrocketed, and then with a fiery breath in his hand, he directly attacked Xiao Yan.

"Tiny trick of carving insects." Xiao Yan shook his head and said, and then a dazzling immortal body emerged.

It's just that the immortal body this time is covered with layers of khaki-yellow holy flame power. In addition to the firmness of the immortal body itself, it can easily stop the attack of the heavenly stems.

"The body of a fighting emperor?"

"Who else would use this thing these days?" While watching Tiangan take action, the powerhouse on the side of the Xuanling royal family looked at Xiao Yan's strange body of a fighting emperor, puzzled.

"This kid, there really is something..." Tiangan said slowly.

"It's too late, let's go ahead and release those things. At that time, in the entire blood river, you can kill whoever you want."

"You can't waste time here now." Just when Tiangan Zaidu mobilized the enormous power in his body to kill Xiao Yan, an evil voice came from his body.

"But just let him go like that?" The gods tacitly denied.

"A small leak will sink a great ship."

"What's more, this guy is going to die sooner or later, so let him be happy for a while." The voice in Tiangan said.

"Miscellaneous... well, let's do business first." Tian Gan bit the corner of his mouth and said directly.

"Little bastard, I'll let you live a few more hours."

"Tianhong, let's go!" In the next moment, Tiangan said something directly to the figure behind him, and then the two of them turned into a stream of light, and swept away directly at the huge gate of the Holy Flame Palace that had been opened.

"not good!"

"They will be the first to enter the Holy Flame Palace."

"Brother, what should I do now?" Xiao Yi said with uncertain eyes.

"Follow!"

"Saint Yan must not fall into their hands... and I always feel that they seem to have some kind of conspiracy." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he and Xiao Yi turned into a meteor, directly catching up with Tiangan Tianhong.

"Disciples of the Xuanling royal family, stop them!" Just as a few people were scrambling to roar towards the holy flames Tiangan said to the disciples who were starving behind him.

"Fenxiangge guys, don't forget us!" As soon as Tiangan finished speaking, there were as many as six people, appearing directly in front of Xiao Yan and the others, blocking their retreat.

"Damn, the strength of these people is almost the late Seven Star Dou Emperor or even the Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation. If you want to break through their alliance in a short time, it will be a bit thorny." And Xiao Yi was also suddenly blocked by Xuan Ling. The six members of the royal family hesitated.

"Little Junior Brother, you can go with confidence."

"Leave these people to us!" Just when Xiao Yan's pupils became hot, a hearty voice descended from the sky.

"Senior Brother..." Xiao Yan looked at the people who suddenly attacked, and knew that they were the seven people from the Heavenly Palace.

"Go, little junior brother."

"This time, the fall of Senior Brother Yintong, and the reputation of Fenxiang Pavilion, I will leave it to you." After Mu Tianyuan finished speaking, he bowed heavily to Xiao Yan, and then took Xiao Yan and the four directly to the saint. The entrance to the Palace of Flames was pushed away.

"Bastard!" Qi Haoqing, who took the lead, couldn't help scolding when he saw this. He was about to stop Xiao Yan and the others, but was stopped by Mu Tianyuan and the others.

"Next, your opponents are us." Mu Tianyuan slowly spoke to the remaining six members of the Xuanling royal family.

"Let's go!" The four Xiao Yan were watching this scene, and immediately without any hesitation, they swept their figures and followed the two of the Xuanling Royal Family into the Holy Flame Palace!

.. m.