Chapter 526: aquatic organism!

"Well... that's right." Xiao Yan put down the other thoughts in his mind slightly, and then concentrated on thinking.

"Since it's a desert mountain range...there are some evil auras here that are similar to those of an alien race..."

"In addition to this forbidden space and the double suppression of soul power and spiritual power..."

"The pavilion... the surface of the water." Xiao Yan simply sat down and muttered incessantly.

"This water..." After thinking for a few minutes, Xiao Yan got up and stared at the dark brown water surface of the lake.

"Condensation!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly burst into a trace of sparks, and then he drank it, and suddenly a fiery finger with fierce energy appeared on his fingertips.

"Go!" Xiao Yan was drinking, and suddenly the fierce finger light on the finger, with extremely tyrannical energy, suddenly attacked the water surface of the Hu Bo!

"Bang!" The flame fingers were still in the pavilion, and they flew straight at first, but as they left the shelter of the pavilion, the flame fingers, which were mixed with fierce energy, suddenly dropped in speed and power. Even the flames wilted, as if they were being suppressed by some powerful force.

"Hold on for me!" Xiao Yan said coldly. At this time, Xiao Yan was helpless and could only pin his hopes on this flame finger!

Fortunately, Xiao Yan's flame was not an ordinary flame, but a new flame that was fused with twenty-three different types of flames, so he insisted on this fearful coercion!

The next moment, the flame finger sank into the lake!

It's just that the shares did not sink into the water surface of the lake, but the flames showed no signs of going out, and flowed directly around the water surface.

As the flames flowed around, the flames were just like Xiao Yan's eyes, which directly fed back to Xiao Yan the many situations he saw under the water.

"There is no..."

"Nowhere..." Xiao Yan closed his eyes and muttered to himself.

"Wait...that is?" Just when Xiao Yan was about to give up, a behemoth appeared directly in front of the flaming finger!

"嘁偁嘁!" A strange voice emanated from the aquatic creature, and then the creature moved abruptly, instantly swallowing Xiao Yan's flame finger!

"Cough, cough..." When the flame finger disappeared, Xiao Yan's pupils on the pavilion suddenly opened, and a very solemn expression appeared.

"There really is something in this lake!" Xiao Yan stared at the calm water.

"What?" Long Yi said slightly, although he had already thought that there would be something here, but when Xiao Yan discovered it, Long Yi couldn't help but be surprised.

"I don't know, but it's very strong."

"At least it's much stronger than the Ice Mark Tianhu before!" Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"There is a change!" The next moment, the water around the pavilion suddenly surged!

The circles of water ripples trembled violently!

"I'm coming out..." Xiao Yan whispered, and then the flames all over his body instantly appeared, beating slowly on his body!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, the water surface that shook violently to form a vortex in the water suddenly burst out with a water column several dozen meters in size!

Above the water column, the terrifying killing intent instantly permeates!

Afterwards, the water column attacked directly at Xiao Yan, without any hesitation!

"The flame divides the wave ruler!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw this, the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire in his hand emitted a very bright light, and then a terrifying fighting skill was displayed in an instant!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying energy ruler and the water column attacked together, but the two instantly subsided, like water and fire blending together, without causing any ripples in the water.

"It seems that not only is the creature in the water weird, but even the water in this lake is extraordinary." After a brief fight, Xiao Yan murmured.

Although they fought for a short time just now, Xiao Yan had already discovered that this lake was very strange. Even with his current strength in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, he couldn't be happy with the ripples caused by this lake.

As for the attack of the water column just now, it seemed random, but it gave Xiao Yan the feeling that it was like a prison, extremely terrifying!

"I haven't shown up yet!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and just wanted to leave the pavilion for a moment, but suddenly remembered, and then stood on the pavilion, the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng exudes the color of flames, facing the pavilion. A whirlpool in the water a few meters away.

"Human... This is not a place for you to come!"

"The people who enter this place...only die!" A rebellious voice suddenly sounded from the vortex of the water!

"Junior doesn't mean to offend, entering here is purely accidental..." Xiao Yan said in a low voice.

The sound of the whirlpool in the water just appeared just now, and Xiao Yan suddenly felt dizzy!

This made Xiao Yan extremely shocked!

You must know that Xiao Yan at this time is already a strong man with the initial strength of the five-star Dou Di. Adding the soul power of the peak of the god-level ordinary level can make Xiao Yan feel this way. Since he came to Dou Di Continent, Only a handful of people!

"Humph!"

"Don't think I don't know what kind of calculus you humans are playing!"

"This is where our master lives. Everyone who comes here is coveting the master's wealth... So, **** you!" A voice came from the whirlpool in the water.

It's just that this voice is obviously different from the voice just now!

The sound at the beginning made Xiao Yan dizzy, but now this sound just makes Xiao Yan feel a little bit of fear!

"Senior, I don't know where to start. The kid just got into the desert mountain range by chance, and then got here because of that huge rock in the mountain range." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Fuck into the desert mountain range?"

"What nonsense are you talking about!"

"The restrictions on the periphery of the desert mountain range are extremely terrifying. No more than six-star Dou Emperor can enter, and this is the top of the desert mountain range. Although you are only five-star Dou Emperor's strength, you obviously do not meet the rules for entering here!"

"And you said that the rocks in the desert mountains brought you here?"

"Do not make jokes!"

"That's the guiding stone in the desert mountains you can't find it, how can you meet it when you say it's there?"

"You human being is full of nonsense, you can't keep it!" The creature in the vortex said with a deep voice rather disdain.

"No, a human has finally arrived, don't let him die so easily... otherwise we'll be too boring!" A childish dissatisfaction emerged from the vortex in the water. Obviously, there were some differences in the vortex in the water.

"Listen to me!" The deep voice suddenly drank, and then the somewhat immature voice suddenly withered and disappeared.

"Boy, do you want to die here, or let me kill you, choose one for yourself." In the vortex of the water, the deep voice said impatiently.

"What if I say no?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan could roughly guess what was in the water, and immediately laughed quite interestingly!

"Boy, can't you find death?" A roar suddenly emerged from the water!

"What if I say I have a way to get you out of this huddle?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"In return, you tell me everything about this place, and take me to the "Master"'s habitat." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, the corner of his mouth smiling particularly brightly!

Ask for tickets!