Chapter 180: The power of the new king!

"How is that possible!" The people present also exclaimed!

After Xiao Yan's attack, he retracted his hand and stood calmly on the square.

"You, you, you!" One of Mark's entourage said angrily, and then saw that the people around Mark also fell and scattered. After all, Mark was injured so badly, too.

"Don't worry, he can't die yet." Xiao Yan also glanced around and said lightly.

At this time, the square was also silent, because they seemed to have underestimated the new king before, and they never thought that the new king's methods would be so cruel.

Everyone on the square looked at Mark who was seriously injured and dying and the newcomer king who smiled as if nothing was wrong. They all knew it!

No one dares to provoke this new king!

Mark is the last warning!

Kill the chicken to warn the monkey!

"Haha, this kid's soul power is so terrifying..." The old man also spoke slowly.

From Xiao Yan's shot to the end, it was only a few breaths of time. The crowd on the square hadn't reacted yet. Mark, who provoked the rookie king, vomited blood and passed out.

In the eyes of everyone, this was originally a well-matched battle, and it turned into a one-sided massacre!

Moreover, even some weak people on the square could see it. If the newcomer Wang Xiaoyan didn't stop at the end, then Mark would have only one end!

Lost on the spot!

Although this Mark is arrogant, he is also a real powerhouse in the early stage of the 4-star Dou Di, and this rookie king seems to be only the strength of the peak of the 3-star Dou Di...

In just a few short breaths, one move instantly killed Mark, who was in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. Some people in the square who had the same idea as Mark were also secretly thankful, fortunately they hadn’t been strong before, otherwise they wouldn’t have ended. Much better than this mark.

But now everyone knows that even if this seemingly weak rookie king only has the strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Di, no one dares to provoke him at this time!

This seems to be a simple battle, but the one who feels the most deeply should be the six newcomers who are also fifth-class talents.

"How is that possible!" Zhu Zhuqing couldn't hide his surprise, and his jade hand covered his lips slightly so as not to make a sound of surprise.

"This rookie king is quite amazing..." He Wanxia also muttered to herself, but the long whip in her hand also exuded a warlike aura.

"Don't worry, there will be a day to compete with him." He Wanxia stroked the long whip in her hand, and the long whip seemed to have a soul and calmed down again.

"Although the strength of this rookie king is only the peak of the three-star Dou Di, the real combat power is also terrifyingly strong!" Song Cheng also spoke slowly.

According to Song Cheng's calculations, even if his strength in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor can deal with Mark Lai in the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor, it would take ten moves to defeat the enemy!

This Xiao Yan actually defeated Mark with a single move with the strength of the peak of the Samsung Dou Di, and even if he said defeat, it would not be an exaggeration to say that it was an instant kill!

The battle between the two of them was too fast, and it was almost over at the beginning!

From the beginning to the end, he could only see Mark covering himself with Dou Qi, and then Xiao Yan attacked!

The winner was decided in a few breaths, Xiao Yan was unscathed, but Mark was a little miserable, his whole body burned to varying degrees, and then a prominent palm print appeared on his chest, and the blood on the corner of his mouth was also slowly He was seriously injured and fell into a coma. He had no doubt that if Xiao Yan hadn't shown mercy, this Mark would have been directly damaged on the spot!

"Brother Yi Tian, ​​comparing Xiao Yan with you..." Song Cheng was also facing Yi Tiandao.

"It's hard to say. You know, you can't tell much from this blow alone."

"But..." Yi Tian also seemed to be hesitant to speak.

Song Cheng also nodded when he heard the words, and then heard Yi Tian's follow-up, and hurriedly asked, "But what?"

"This Xiao Yan is very strong!"

"The power of the soul is at least stronger than any of us present!" Yi Tian's eyes showed a rebellious look, staring at Xiao Yan, and said word by word.

"How can it be!"

"Yi Tian, ​​you are an emperor-like soul power, if your soul power is stronger than yours..." Li Xin said, Li Xin knew very well the strength of this Yi Tian person, although they were also in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, but this When Yitian's soul power was tested, it was close to level 9!

It can be said that among the six of them, in terms of strength, this Yi Tian can definitely rank in the top three!

"Strongness is strength. There is nothing to be dissatisfied with. If you are dissatisfied, practice hard and defeat it in the future." Yi Tian also said.

When Song Cheng heard the words, he smiled gratified. This Yi Tian was as rumored, respecting the strong!

Li Xin also smiled in agreement and didn't say much.

"It seems that the title of the new king is well deserved."

"The next step is to wait for the start of the trials." Luo Ming also said.

Looking at the silent square around, Xiao Yan also calmly returned to Yue Ru and the others.

When Yueru saw this, she didn't say anything, she just got closer to Xiao Yan.

Mu Feng on the side was different: "I can't tell, you are the new king this time."

"Didn't you hide it too?" Xiao Yan also laughed, and Mu Feng said with a smile.

Just now, Xiao Yan seemed to be arrogant, but in fact he had absolute confidence to say a move to defeat the enemy, and the battle just now seemed simple, but it was not.

Then Mark is also a four-star Dou Emperor early stage strength. Mark's choice was correct at the beginning. It stimulated his own Dou Qi to form a Dou Qi light shield on his body, which greatly weakened Xiao Yan's strength. Attacking, so as to win him a chance to resist Xiao Yan's attack, but what he did not expect is that Xiao Yan's attack seemed to penetrate his Dou Qi light shield, and attacked Mark's body directly and viciously!

Even if it is a Dou Emperor powerhouse, not everyone has the same powerful soul strength and physical strength as Xiao Yan. Most of the Dou Emperor powerhouses have almost the same physical strength as the Dou Emperor on the Dou Qi Continent. As for the soul In terms of strength, most of them are only in the heavenly realm or even lower...

Unfortunately, this Mark was one of them At the moment Xiao Yan attacked, the huge soul power of the soul realm in the body exploded instantly, and then calmed down, a note of Huang Quantian's anger directed at Mark's head. go.

And then this soul attack is the most deadly!

Mark's tiny soul realm was attacked by Xiao Yan, and then Mark's eyes became sluggish for a moment, the fighting qi in the body stopped flowing, and the fighting qi light shield covering the body surface was like no owner without Mark's control. Things were moving around, but they couldn't stop Xiao Yan's attack!

At this time, Xiao Yan's vindictive energy covered his palm and slapped Mark's body heavily!

The terrifying flames were mixed with the scorching heat, which burned Mark's body to varying degrees, and Xiao Yan's palm attack was only slapped, without using fighting skills at all. After all, Xiao Yan was also worried, although Mark was a four-star fighting emperor. The strength of , but a high-ranking son, if accidentally killed...

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

So from the beginning to the end, Xiao Yan only used one move, then go to Huangquan Tianwu!

And in the end, if Xiao Yan hadn't withdrawn most of his power when he placed his palm on Mark's body, then Mark's current end would not have been so pleasant.

"Next..."

"I'm going to announce the rules of this trial!" The old man above the tall building was also talking.

There is one more!