Chapter Vol 4 1366: melee!

"It's a good battle, but unfortunately it's useless to me." Looking at Xiao Yan beside him, Liu Qing and Mu Ge surrounded themselves in a triangle, and the aura of the three of them was not weak, and the phantom pupils were neither slow nor slow. , laughed.

"Evil people, don't be mad!" With a cold snort, the three of them looked at each other, and Xiao Yan instantly closed his eyes, mobilizing the core inscriptions in his body. In the face of this level of power, naturally only through the formation method To strengthen oneself and weaken the enemy, only with the power of Saint Flame can one fight. Otherwise, relying on the power of the three of them to obliterate Huan Tong would be more difficult than ascending to the sky.

"Look at the move!" Liu Qing and Mu Ge naturally knew Xiao Yan's thoughts in an instant, and immediately covered Xiao Yan's display with their dazzling attacks.

"Triple Frost Arrows!" Facing the tyrannical Phantom Eyes in the early stage of Samsung Fighting Immortals, Mu Ge didn't dare to hold back the slightest bit.

The pastoral voice just fell, and suddenly in front of his body, dazzling arrows of ice appeared in an instant, and the arrows of ice contained a suffocating low temperature. .

"What a tyrannical attack." Seeing Mu Ge's such a blow, Huan Tong smiled lightly. Although he was surprised, he did not make too much defense. The green thundercloud beside him was directly in front of him, trying to intercept it easily.

"Bomb it!" The urgent voice rang out, and then the numerous ice-cold arrows around Mu Ge with the cold air of freezing all things, directly attacked the phantom pupil with the power of thunder.

"Boom boom boom!" A loud noise suddenly reverberated in the sky, and the next moment, bursts of energy ripples and ice strands slowly fell from the sky, the momentum was huge and appalling.

"It's a very strong attack. It's a pity that such a good seedling doesn't belong to my ghost family."

"This guy." At this moment, Mu Ge also frowned. Although his attack was tyrannical, but in the face of the evil power of the alien race, the damage it can cause is almost negligible. Only the holy flame can really cause it. Injure or even seriously injure him.

"How long will he take?" Mu Ge asked Liu Qing, who was beside him. After all, such a delay would consume too much vindictive energy on his own. Once he fails prematurely, he can't find someone to provide shelter, but instead increases his energy. The burden will undoubtedly make this battle fail in an instant. After all, they are here, but the core of the battle, the victory or defeat of their main battlefield, determines the momentum of the many powerhouses below, so they can only win, not lose.

"Soon!" Looking around Xiao Yan, a stream of pure and holy flames continued to emerge, Liu Qing said.

"Phantom!" At the next moment, Phantom pupil didn't give them a chance to breathe, and with a wave of his hand, the evil green aura immediately took on the earth-shattering evil aura and attacked the three.

"Too strong..." Liu Qing and Mu Ge frowned. I'm afraid this guy's attack is not something they can handle.

"Hoohoo."

"Finally done."

"Leave it to me next."

"Liu Qing, you stay here to help me suppress and obliterate him." After a while, a voice containing extremely terrifying flames suddenly filled the entire void.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Purgatory Array!" A roar resounded directly in the sky, and then the battlefield in the entire sky, circles of khaki flames, accompanied by the blessing of Xiao Yan's mysterious core inscriptions, filled out.

"Formation?"

"Or is it based on the power of holy flame?"

"It seems that the guy's control of the holy flame has really reached the level of perfection." After all, Huan Tong is very confident in his own strength, so he didn't notice Xiao Yan's condensing the formation at first, when the formation emerged. , couldn't help being surprised.

"I'll go down and help them." Seeing that other battle circles were also at a disadvantage, Mu Ge said directly.

"En." Liu Qing and Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then their eyes locked on the phantom pupils. In this formation, it was filled with the suppression of the evil power by the Holy Flame, and the formation also enhanced Xiao Yan's power. Damn it, it kills two birds with one stone.

"What should I do?" Liu Qing said. Although she has the light attribute, she is obviously not allowed to intervene in this level of battle.

"You can just watch the battle, and use your strongest light-based fighting skills together with my strength to suppress it." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Is this all your reliance?"

"Although it surprises me a bit, it's obviously not enough." The phantom pupil shuddered, and the dazzling thunderclouds dissipated away, replaced by a green evil aura constantly surrounding, this green aura was extremely evil, but it just appeared, But it has resisted the suppression of a lot of holy flames.

"What a lot of nonsense... I hope you can talk like that in a while."

"Purgatory Flame Dragon!" Xiao Yan shouted in a low voice. At that time, the energy in the formation space became richer, and khaki flames continued to emerge, and then in front of his body, a ferocious giant with a size of 100 meters was formed. Dragon!

The purgatory formation was something that Xiao Yan realized by himself after he obtained the holy flame. If it was multiplied to the peak level, it would be no problem to deal with the three-star fighting immortals. However, the purgatory formation was not perfect now and could only be used reluctantly.

The Purgatory Flame Dragon had just appeared, and it immediately made the Illusory Eye look like a great enemy. After all, the flame on its body was the real power of holy flame.

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan also knew that in order to seriously injure this guy, he must first disperse the green evil aura on the guy's surface, otherwise he would hit the stone with an egg without any objection in a tyrannical attack.

"Magic Heaven Demon Hand!" An evil voice was slowly transmitted through the formation, and then the right arm of the illusion pupil swelled several times in an instant It was filled with a stunner. The evil fluctuations directly hit the Purgatory Flame Dragon.

"Boom!" Two tyrannical attacks fought directly in the formation, and then in the entire formation space, circles of khaki flames and green energy ripples continued to shake and emerge.

"Crash!" The next moment, the two were evenly matched, and they took a few steps back.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan frowned when he saw that the formation and the power of holy flame could not easily wipe out the evil tribe outside the realm.

"What a nice guy..."

"So tyrannical, he deserves to be the master of Sheng Yan, but this farce, it's time to end." The next moment, Zaidu and Xiao Yan stalemate, Huan Tong found that although he couldn't help himself, he couldn't help him either. , In addition to this is the tomb of thunder, the illusion pupil is afraid that it will change, and there is a killing intent in the body immediately.

On the other hand, the many battles below show that the forces of the evil race from outside the territory have defeated the human beings here with overwhelming force. As long as they win, this farce will end completely. The flame emperor fighting against the sky god