Chapter Vol 4 1695: Immortal fire feathers!

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's body was taken directly into a mysterious dark place.

There is no doubt that the place is barren, the desolate aura is on display, and there are even traces of strange turquoise aura constantly emerging, which is vaguely able to suppress Xiao Yan's power.

"Wood attribute domain, and it also has a trace of the power of imprisoning and sealing." Xiao Yan glanced around and found that there was no one here except for the dark aura and turquoise aura. However, the tyranny of this domain is the Xiao Yan saw it for the first time.

Even so, Xiao Yan did not act rashly. With his eyes constantly vigilant, the dark blue energy of the undead fighting spirit on his body became more and more dazzling. He was holding the ancient ruler of different fires in his hand. With the blessing of the fighting spirit, Xiao Yan's attack power was comparable to that of Xiao Yan. The power of fighting skills will undoubtedly be doubled in degrees.

Just imagine, Xiao Yan's own fire attribute power has reached more than eight times that of ordinary powerhouses, and now with the increase of undead fire, I am afraid it is more than ten times. With an all-out strike, even a mid-stage Six-Star Fighting Immortal might not dare to take it hard.

"Xiao Yan, die for me!" After a while, in the void, a dense void filled with fissures. Immediately, an arm wrapped in countless blue-green auras emerged quietly, and then carried a very heavy aura. Roaring away at Xiao Yan.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on his palm waved suddenly, hitting Chenxi's attack heavily.

"Bang bang bang!" The seven dazzling lights turned into sharp blades, directly appearing around the turquoise arm. After a while, a trace of cracks appeared, and Chenxi's attack turned out to be a vaguely broken question. road.

"How is it possible..." Looking at this scene, Chenxi, who was hidden in the dark, lost his voice.

The wood attribute in his body is extremely tyrannical, and including the domain, he has the power of a trace of seal, so Chenxi is bound to win for Xiao Yan, but now how can I think that Xiao Yan can easily resolve his offensive.

"The fighting spirit on this guy, and the fire attribute fighting spirit tempered by the power of the holy flame, cannot be underestimated."

"It seems that we must hurry up." After Chenxi finished speaking, his body suddenly stepped out of the void. At that time, the turquoise grudge completely wrapped it and stood in this wood attribute domain, like a real god.

"It's good to come." Seeing Chenxi appearing, Xiao Yan's body surged with fighting spirit, and bursts of cold light appeared, and the power was even stronger.

The undead fighting spirit was originally one of the guardian spirits of the undead fire, but now with the evolution of the undead fighting spirit into the heavenly grade, and even with the increase of the undead fire, the power of the undead ghost has been stimulated to its peak.

"The power of wood, the **** of Feng Yuan!" Seeing Xiao Yan's increasingly tyrannical aura, Chenxi did not hesitate. The dazzling wood attribute fighting qi was like a blue liquid, flowing out of his body, and after a while, he stood still in front of him. .

However, it was this fluctuation that made Xiao Yan feel a chill in his heart.

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, countless powers turned into bursts of energy storms, forming around Chenxi. At the same time, in those cyan storms, bursts of strange suppressing breaths permeated out.

"The special effect of this field is actually suppressing..." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan also smiled with relief.

The birth of the field, in addition to enhancing one's own strength, there is another most important place.

Field effects.

The strength of the domain special effects determines the strength of the domain.

"Weng buzzing!" Without hesitating too much, he immediately waved his hand, and the majestic storm of destruction charged at Xiao Yan with an aura like a broken bamboo.

"Immortal Sparrow!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly, and the pores all over his body shrank involuntarily. An attack of this level contains special effects in the field, and that kind of destructive power, even Xiao Yan, has to be treated seriously. .

"Xuuuu!" After Xiao Yan drank it like this, the immortal ghost bird, the illusory dark-colored body that only covered Xiao Yan's whole body, suddenly, at an appalling speed, suddenly skyrocketed. 100m level.

"This..." Looking at such a strange scene, Chenxi couldn't help frowning.

A normal fighting spirit is only a few meters in size. If it can spread to tens of meters, it is one of the best in the earth. Among them, the most tyrannical existence.

"It's actually a heavenly fighting soul, but..." Although he was surprised for a while, a moment later, a cyan hurricane roared down, and Chenxi shook his head.

Chenxi focused on the perception of the field and the cultivation of fighting spirit. Naturally, the fighting spirit did not go to harvest, so there were some wrong estimates of the fighting spirit of the fighting spirit.

"Really?" Seeing Chenxi's disapproving demeanor, Xiao Yan laughed instead, because at this time, the giant wings were soothing on the silhouette of the undead undead bird that had already transformed into a hundred zhang-sized The sacredness of the violation, and among them, a gray flame, like a newly born baby, slightly emerged on the wings of the undead ghost, and immediately spread like a tide.

"Immortal Mighty Sparrow, Immortal Fire Feather!" At that time, when the two were about to attack, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank suddenly, his voice raised to the extreme, and roared.

"Crash!" Before Xiao Yan's voice could fall, the wings behind the hundred-zhang-sized undead finch shook violently One after another, like gray feathers, with a strong aura, facing the The hurricane whizzed away.

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling hurricane tried to suppress Xiao Yan completely, but when the oppressive force above the hurricane met the gray feathers, it instantly vanished into ashes. Fissures spread out.

"This guy!" Chen Xi looked at this scene, his face finally moved away.

"You don't have a chance." And just when Chenxi was about to launch a more powerful attack, a strange voice sounded behind him, and then the void shook, and an ancient handprint attacked directly at Chenxi.

"Not good!" Although Chenxi was careless, his strength was in the early stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortals. Seeing Xiao Yan's sophisticated technique, his speed skyrocketed and he quickly retreated.

"It's too late!" Xiao Yan seemed to have been prepared for a long time, a bright red light, with the light of world-annihilation, suddenly attacked and went away, and it was also transformed by a holy flame.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, all the back paths of Chenxi were blocked, and before he could get out of breath, he was instantly hit by Xiao Yan's seal of the heavenly king, directly hitting his chest, and for a while, pain filled his body.

"Ahhh!" Rao was hit by Xiao's attack, and Chenxi didn't completely fall for a while, but the screams were endless, and the dazzling source power was continuously lost, but now, this guy is as tyrannical as the six-star fighting immortal early stage, It can be regarded as breaking Xiao Yan's hands.