Chapter Vol 4 1715: The place of retreat, the belly of the desert!

"What was that just now?" You Er said in surprise, seeing the successful escape.

"A friend." Xiao Yan didn't want to explain too much, he waved his hand and smiled, Xiao Yan didn't want to have too much entanglement with Du Qifei.

"Let's go, now there is only the red sign on the northernmost side, and the holy flame in my body is also sending out a rather fiery wave, there should be the retreat of the Lord of the Soul." As soon as the voice fell, there was nothing between the two. Hesitantly, he abruptly headed towards the northernmost space. At the same time, Heishan Longlang, Soul Mietian, Leizhu, Fang Hao, and Hua Shao, the leader of Li Soulguard, all face the northernmost space. It seems that there, That's what matters this time.

The inner hall of the West Temple is the northernmost.

There is yellow sand everywhere, the yellow sand is buzzing, and the violent power turns into golden sandstorms, raging in the desert, such terrifying energy, as if brewing a tyrannical force that destroys the world.

"Susu...Is this the place where the Lord of Souls retreats?"

"With such a strong energy fluctuation inside and such a strange sealing force outside, it is really well-prepared, but all of this is just adding to the sadness." As soon as the voice fell, a cloud of black energy appeared directly here, without the slightest trace of it. Hesitation poured into it.

This guy is Soul Mietian, no one knows why he knows the layout of the West Temple, and no one knows why he stepped past Xiao Yan and the two and entered it in front of them.

The far north, the desert hinterland.

"This...is the desert hinterland?"

"Could it be that the Lord of Li Soul wants to use the power of the desert to dilute the power of the holy flame?" Just entering the core of this place, a desolate aura, accompanied by bursts of dry and hot aura, rushed toward the face.

Soul Mietian, as the Soul Hall Great Soul Venerable, naturally has a lot of restraint on the soul body due to high temperature and flame.

"No, that's the aura of Lihun, but the area of ​​the desert here is a thousand feet in size. There are only four temples in the desert, and in the temples, there is the aura of the Lord of Lihun. What's going on?" After a while, Hun Mietian was restless, and then suddenly went to one of the four temples above the desert hinterland, even though there were many puzzles in his heart, but now it was too late to waste time.

"Huhuhu!" Xiao Yan and the others followed, but the two of them had just entered here, and their expressions changed. The danger hidden in the hinterland of the desert made them shocked.

"The Lord of Li Soul should still be in the north, but why did you create four temples, all of which contain his aura..." Xiao Yan stood in the middle of the desert, his eyes swept away at the four temples below. Currently flashing, has been shaking his head.

The four temples stand tall, and the silver walls contain some special power, which makes people dread, and even forms a strange connection with each other.

"Could it be some blindfold?" You Er asked in confusion.

"No, no, no, wait a minute."

"I always felt something was wrong."

"Although we have a detailed map of the West Temple, it's too easy to get in on the way."

"Even with the protection of the mysterious eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, after so many powerhouses in the temple have disappeared, why is this place still so quiet?"

"Furthermore, what puzzles me the most is that the Lord of Li Soul is the overlord of the entire Li Soul Realm, and he is the mighty person standing in the great world. Such a character must be fully prepared to attack reincarnation. So many mistakes." Xiao Yan did not move at all, but his body suddenly froze in mid-air.

From the beginning to the end, Xiao Yan had forgotten the ability of the Master of Soul Li, but was attracted by Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation. Now that he thought about it carefully, this trip to the temple was full of doubts, so Xiao Yan had to be cautious at this last moment.

"You mean..." Looking at Xiao Yan's series of question marks, there was a glimmer of light in his beautiful eyes, and he lost his voice.

"If you were the Lord of Li Soul and possessed the method of swallowing holy flames to break through the cycle of reincarnation, what would you do?" Xiao Yan tried to ask You Er the simplest question and asked back.

"I will hide all the news, find a very quiet place to retreat, and even use all my strength to protect myself." You Er said.

"So you think about it, our trip to the West Temple seems to be too smooth, but it seems to be arranged by someone."

"..."

"I always feel that it seems that this is the plan of the Lord of the Soul." After a moment of deep silence, Xiao Yan still spoke, even though he couldn't believe it.

"Impossible, if this is the case, I'm afraid we are the playthings in his hands... And what is the reason for him to do this?" You Er shook his head.

"I have several holy flames on my body. He naturally covets the exercises in my body, and you should also have something that attracts the master of the soul. I said, right?" Xiao Yan asked.

"You're right in your analysis, but now that we're all here, at the critical moment, whether it's life or death, we can only see God's will." You'er smiled helplessly, she was already determined to die, so she didn't have much fear. .

"Fate still has to be in our own hands, and because of being a ghost, Lord Li's strength dropped dramatically when he devoured the holy flame. That's our only chance."

"So since everyone has come, we can't leave empty-handed." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"If that's the case, then let's go." You'er also made up his mind secretly, and immediately went to one of the temples.

"I hope my guess is wrong Xiao Yan reluctantly glanced at the four shrines standing on the golden yellow sand above the desert hinterland, shook his head and said, here gives Xiao Yan a strange aura, even strong Anywhere before.

After a while, the two went directly to the far north, where there was the strongest aura of holy flame and the aura of the Lord of Souls!

It's just that Xiao Yan and You Er, including Soul Mietian, didn't find out. Ever since they entered here, the locations of the four temples in the hinterland of the desert have found a strange change, and they have vaguely emerged from the walls of the four temples. When it came out, it turned out to be like an ancient formation, which completely connected the four temples, and in the center of the four temples in the desert hinterland, a huge illusory figure looming, eternal.

"Hoohoo."

"After waiting for so long, I finally got hooked." In an instant, a man in a green robe in the northernmost temple in the desert hinterland opened his tightly closed pupils, and even his voice was filled with relief. meaning.

"Boom!" Following this guy's actions, an aura of awe emanated from the entire empty temple, like a master.

Godly mighty!

At the same time, in this empty temple, countless Swallowing Flame Crystals paved the way, and even in the center, a beautiful sedan chair carved by countless ancient texts emerged.

And standing on the top of the exquisite sedan chair, a group of pink flames as small as a heart, like a elf, beating happily!

Every time it beats, there will be extremely violent pink flame ripples. That kind of energy will destroy the world, but after a while, it will be completely absorbed by countless swallowing flame crystals. , decorated for the most mysterious area!

Lord of Souls!

Acacia Bronchitis!

This is obviously the final destination of the trip to the ghost world!