Chapter Vol 4 1317: 2 Star Dou Xian mid-term!

Three days have passed since the top six matches ended, and the top six also belonged.

They were Pastoral from the Mercenary Guild, Spider Li from the Six Saints Religion, Blood Crystal from the Blood Cloth Sect, Zhou Mi from the auction, and a rather mysterious powerhouse. Together with Xiao Yan, there were six people in total.

The first stage of the competition has finally entered the final stage, which filled the entire thunder world with an unusually hot smell. After all, the first place can only get the Thor Scroll, and the top three will be rewarded, so among the six people , there is no doubt that there is still a round of quite fiery battles.

Among the six people, except for Xiao Yan, whose strength is only in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, the other five people are all two-star Dou Xian perfect. Underestimate him, after all, the arrogant man like Feng Yu who can compete with Mu Ge is defeated in his hands.

"Tsk tsk." Xiao Yan was in a coma for three days.

Since he fell into a coma, Du Qifei sent Xiao Yan back to his residence, so he has been in a coma.

At that time, when I was fighting with Feng Yu, I rashly used the Heaven-shifting Ruler to divert the attack of Feng Yu's space shuttle, so as to add my own strength to form a tyrannical attack to counterattack. At that time, Feng Yu was also exhausted. In this realm, in the face of such a tyrannical attack, the only option is to admit defeat, but Xiao Yan is not easy to deal with. After all, the attack displayed by Feng Yu was extremely tyrannical.

Of course, the Heaven-shifting Ruler will increase with Xiao Yan's strength, but Xiao Yan's ability to transfer the two-star Dou Xian's complete powerhouse's attack with the strength of the 2-star Dou Xian in the early stage is still too much for himself.

In the final analysis, Xiao's own strength is too weak. If his strength is in the middle or late stage of Two-Star Dou Xian, it should be much easier to deal with Feng Yu.

"Yep?"

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan just opened his pupils and sat up from the bed. A hunger and soreness came out. Obviously, the battle with Feng Yu had almost exhausted his vindictive energy, leaving some hidden dangers. However, Xiao Yan found that there was something strange in his body.

The fire attribute bucket core in his body actually became restless, and an uneasy energy permeated directly from the bucket core and easily swept the entire house.

"Soul power, seal!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's face became joyful. Obviously, this scene was a sign of breakthrough for Xiao Yan.

"I never thought that fighting with Feng Yu would actually make me touch the threshold of the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian. It can be considered a blessing in disguise." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and then without hesitation, he closed his eyes and slowly controlled this violent force. It belongs to the core of the inner body.

The promotion among Dou Xian is mainly the condensed training of Dou Xian, but every time a high-rank promotion is encountered between Dou Xian, it will attract Dou Xian Tribulation. , so this is also one of the main reasons for the rarity of strong and tyrannical Fighting Immortals.

After all, the terrifying level of the Immortal Fighting Tribulation, if it fails, I am afraid it will wipe out the robbers.

"Crash!" The violent fire attribute energy diffused out, rendering the entire house up, but fortunately, with the isolation of Xiao Yan's soul power, none of these powers overflowed.

"Suck it for me!" After Xiao Yan had everything ready, he slowly controlled the fire attribute bucket core and slowly inhaled the fighting energy into the bucket core. With such a majestic energy gathering and absorbing, Xiao Yan's energy was completely absorbed. The strength will also be a natural breakthrough to the middle stage of the two-star fighting immortal.

Obviously, this kind of absorption will take a long time, but fortunately, the battle for the top three will start in ten days.

"Is Xiao Yan all right?" In the pavilion not far from Xiao Yan's place of residence, four beautiful figures slowly stood in it.

The four are sisters of the Yu family, Liu Qing and Du Qifei. The four of them are also considered to be related to Xiao Yan, and they are girls, so they are like-minded and naturally gathered together.

"After Xiao Yan fought with Feng Yu at the time, he passed out because he consumed too much vindictive energy..."

"However, this guy is really beyond my expectations, he can actually defeat Feng Yu... You know, Feng Yu's strength is enough to rank in the top three of Leicheng, and it was once known as competing with Mu Ge. The terrifying existence below, I never imagined that it would be defeated by Xiao Yan."

"Xiao Yan is really a dark horse in this competition." Duo Qifei still had a rather surprised expression until now.

"Brother Xiao Yan is really amazing." Yu Wei nodded slightly when she heard this, obviously very happy for Xiao Yan's victory.

"The relationship between the two of you and Xiao Yan... it seems?" There were only four people in the pavilion, and Liu Qing said slowly.

"Xiao Yan is the chief pharmacist of our Yu Sect." Yu Ran Ran was naturally clever and said skillfully.

"So it was." Hearing Yu Ran Ran's words, Liu Qing's doubts were relieved, otherwise Liu Qing would have thought that Xiao Yan had an intimate relationship with their two daughters.

"The first stage of the competition is almost over. I don't know what ranking Xiao Yan can get." Du Qifei laughed.

"I think he is the first." Liu Qing also laughed.

"Sister Liu Qing, you seem to be quite confident in Xiao Yan."

"But the strength of the other five powerhouses should not be underestimated."

"They are not only successful with the two-star fighting immortals, but they also fought against the powerhouses in the early stage of the three-star fighting immortals without falling behind. Xiao Yan's odds of winning are probably very low." The details of the other five powerhouses are clear. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

Although Xiao Yan's fighting strength is not bad, the gap in strength is too obvious. The best plan is for Xiao Yan to enter the top three. As for the number one, I am afraid there is no hope.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What is the second stage of the competition?" At the next moment, Liu Qing said slightly, obviously Du Qifei's identity is not bad, I'm afraid he knows something.

"We can try in the second stage, but the number of people who sign up for the second stage should be less, and the time to end should be very soon." Duo Qifei heard the words, slightly tilted his head and said, talking about the second stage At that time, even in her identity, there was a sense of powerlessness. Obviously, this second stage is not her strength.

"The number of applicants is small?" Liu Qing suddenly wondered when he heard the words.

"Because the real highlight is in the third stage." Du Qifei laughed.

"The third stage, but I've always been restless recently, and it seems that some strange power is pouring into this place." Liu Qing shook his head slightly, apparently as a practitioner of light in the Holy See, she was quite sensitive to the power of darkness and evil , even in this thunder world filled with incomparably terrifying thunder, it still made Liu Qing feel a rather unconfident aura.

"It should be an illusion. Our forged sword Thunder Valley and the realm are heavily defended, and nothing can happen." Du Qifei comforted.

"hope so."

"Next, let's wait and see, who will win the championship in the first stage of the competition." After speaking, the four girls were also discussing something vividly.