Chapter 529: 3 figures!

"Boy, I have to say that you are too arrogant!" The three-headed water snake heard the words, and immediately said with a slightly heavier breath.

Obviously, Xiao Yan was quite dissatisfied with this move!

Think of it with three dignified water snakes, and its strength is comparable to that of a human being in the early stage of the eight-star Dou Emperor. With the addition of the other two heads, even if it is a human nine-star Dou Emperor strong, it has the power to fight. How could this be allowed today? The human boy is so proud!

"Let's stop gossiping."

"Now that we have a deal, I want to know everything about this place!"

"And I will help you solve the **** and get out of here, but you still have to take me to the mansion here." Xiao Yan took back the joke and said slightly solemnly!

"There's no problem here, as long as you can help us get out of here, it's no problem to take you to that ghost place..." The three-headed water spirit snake said slightly, but when he spoke about the ghost place, his whole body trembled involuntarily, obviously right Where is the fear!

"But you have to take this thing back first. Although I'm not afraid, but if this continues, there will inevitably be some other losses!" The next moment, the three-headed water snake couldn't help it, and immediately spoke.

Because if you don't open your mouth, I'm afraid that the power of your soul will be devoured by this black flame, and your soul will be damaged!

"I have to warn you!"

"Since this thing can trap you once, there must be a second time. If I find out that you lied to me, I'm afraid I will directly let it devour your soul next time..."

"I believe that I have this strength." Xiao Yan said quite casually, but the warning in his voice was particularly obvious!

"What's so fierce, people just told you about your elder brother's shortcomings, you now..." A voice full of grievances appeared from the head of the other snake with open eyes!

"Well?" Just when the tender voice was about to speak out, the ferocious giant suddenly questioned, and then the tender voice shriveled away, as if a little girl was afraid of being scolded for doing something wrong.

"I promise you!"

"This king swears by the power of the bloodline of the three-headed water spirit snake." The snake head said slightly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan felt relieved when he heard the words. Most of the demon beasts are proud of their bloodline, and swearing by their bloodline is a way of worshiping them. The pride of the superior will not allow them to miss the appointment, so Xiao Yan is also relieved.

"Take it!" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and then pointed the palm of his hand to the black flame three inches from the three-headed water spirit snake.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, a rather similar force appeared in Xiao Yan's palm, and then a terrifying suction force instantly emerged from Xiao Yan's palm, facing the black flame in front of him!

In one breath, the black flames on the three-headed water spirit snake disappeared instantly, and slowly returned to Xiao Yan's palm!

With the return of this black flame, it seems to have brought a trace of pure power. Obviously, this trace of power was obtained by swallowing some of the soul power of the three-headed water snake by swallowing the power of the soul-devouring talisman. But Xiao Yan didn't care too much.

"Tsk tsk, what kind of fighting skills are you, your power is quite impressive... According to my guess, I am afraid that the minimum is close to the holy rank..." The tender voice sounded, for Xiao Yan's black Flame fighting skills, quite curious!

"Okay, you still tell me where this place is first, and why you are trapped here, so I can think of countermeasures." Xiao Yan said calmly after finishing all this, but the bite in the palm of his hand The soul talisman still radiates a little light, once the three-headed water spirit snake does not keep the promise, I am afraid that it will be shot in an instant!

"Let's transform into a human form first, this form is troublesome." After the tender voice finished speaking, the huge three-headed water spirit snake body flickered strangely, and then transformed into three powers containing various colors of light!

"Turn into a human form?" Xiao Yan was suddenly a little surprised!

Although the human figure here turned into a human figure for a short time, it was enough to surprise Xiao Yan!

A type of beast, although it is possible to transform into a human by the power of the medicinal pill, it is different from transforming into a human and rebuilding!

If the magical beast is transformed into a human figure through the power of the medicine pill, although it can be regarded as a human being, in the final analysis, it is still a human being!

Only through the transformation of monsters into human beings and rebuilding can we gain some unique advantages of human beings for cultivation!

However, this method of rebuilding human beings is extremely dangerous!

For a demon beast, the minimum strength is to beat the fighting immortals before being qualified to rebuild human beings.

If a monster at the level of fighting immortals is discovered by humans, there is no need to say more about its terrifying end.

After a short period of surprise, Xiao Yan will also look at the figures in front of him.

The three-color light slowly dispersed, and then the three-color light suddenly turned into three figures!

First, she looked like a human woman. The woman's indifferent atmosphere matched a dress, which made her graceful figure stand out to the fullest. With the addition of that ponytail, it was extremely pure and lovely.

The big watery eyes on his face were constantly looking around.

In the other place, there is a man. There is nothing outstanding about the man. He is dressed in black, but through the black, he can vaguely see the solid chest hidden under the black clothes!

Between the man's brows, a ferocious aura spreads out, like a peerless beast that makes people feel very chilled at first glance!

As for the man's hand, he was holding a woman. The woman didn't have a dusty appearance, but there was a very special aura that permeated faintly!

The strangest thing is that the woman doesn't have any vitality all over her body!

Like a living dead!

"Boy, remember, this king's name is Snake Punishment. These are my two younger sisters, a snake spirit and a snake jade." The man holding the woman in his arms opened his mouth.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, the three of them were all stepping on the water surface, which surprised Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan knew that there was definitely something wrong with the water!

Under the forbidden sky, you can still step on it, these two are not easy!

"Hey hey hey My name is Snake Spirit, what's your name?"

"where do you come from?"

"Is it fun outside?" The series of questions made Xiao Yan's head full of black lines. Who the **** is this asking?

"Lingling, don't ask such a question first, let's solve the big thing first." After Snake Punishment finished, he glanced at the woman in his arms, his eyes were full of guilt.

"Brother, I can't blame you for this, if it wasn't for my sister at the beginning..." Snake Spirit saw this and made a deep voice, then saw Snake Punishment's eyes, and kept silent.

"That's my fault too." The strange thing this time was that Snake Punishment didn't have any refutation, he directly admitted, which made the Snake Spirit slightly shocked.

What happened to my big brother today?

He had never been in such a situation before!

"Boy, I'll tell you everything I know."

"Lingling, it's time to tell you about some things." Snake Xing gave Snake Ling a meaningful look, and then glanced at Xiao Yan, then said.

"Senior, please tell me." Although Xiao Yan didn't know what medicine was sold in the snake torture gourd, but the snake torture did not violate the oath, this also made Xiao Yan slowly relieved!

If these three water spirit snakes really didn't agree with him and were fighting back, I'm afraid Xiao Yan would be extremely annoying!

But simply not.

"Lingling, do you still remember what I told you before that we were arrested by the owner of this mansion as guards to guard the mansion?" Snake Xing looked at Snake Spirit slightly and spoke slightly.