Chapter Vol 2 778: Join forces!

"It's here." Xiao Yan and the others naturally slowed down a bit.

However, in terms of numbers and overall strength, Xiao Yan's team was the most outstanding.

The leader, Xiu Qi, had the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in the early stage, and although Yue Ru was only a five-star Dou Emperor, but as the inheritor, her strength in this relic will definitely be greatly improved, so it cannot be inferred by common sense, plus Qin Xin The strength of the late Six-Star Dou Emperor, Qin Xin has a lot of trump cards, so it is not a burden, and although Mu Yingying's strength is also in the late Six-Star Dou Emperor, but with Sheng Yan, her strength should not be underestimated, and although Leng Fuyao's strength is only In the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, but it is superior in soul power and refining technology, and it has miraculous effects at critical moments.

Although the last Mu Feng was quite weak, he knew the techniques of Yin-Yang and gossip, so this team could be said to be the biggest winner of the inheritance.

"coming."

"Is that the people from Burning Incense Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion?"

"It's not rumored that their relationship between the two pavilions is not good, how can they gather together now?" There were many people around the entrance of the ruins, and they immediately spoke.

"What are those guys doing?" Xiao Yan's soul is powerful, and as soon as he perceives it, he finds that many extremely obscure forces are entrenched at the entrance of the ruins, obviously waiting for something.

"This time the ruins are opened, those who surpass the seven-star Dou Emperor's perfection will be completely suppressed, so this time the ruins are opened, and we need a few super sects to join forces." Xiu Qi explained.

"Well, we should be missing, let's go."

"And I can feel that the seal is gradually weakening. It is obviously a good time to open the ruins." Xiao Yan said something and walked towards the entrance of the ruins with one man and five women.

Xiao Yan brought the five women, even if their appearance was covered by Dou Ji, but the discerning person could see that the five women had their own beauty. In addition, Xiao Yan was extremely low-key and concealed his aura, so he was ignorant of interest. of people have bad thoughts.

"Boy, hand over these women behind you to keep you from dying." A seemingly sturdy man stopped Xiao Yan and the others from moving forward.

"I'm coming." Seeing this, Leng Fuyao said eagerly.

"Get out of the way." Xiao Yanli ignored the man and said coldly.

"Boy, I think you are courting death!"

"Since you are courting death, then you can't blame me!" After finishing speaking, the sturdy man raised the big sword in his hand, adding his mid-stage strength of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and slashed towards Xiao Yan's forehead.

"Such a vicious blow, if it hits Xiao Yan, I am afraid that the head will fall to the ground in an instant." Some people with low strength present couldn't help thinking.

"Can you see how strong this guy is?" Qi Haoqing asked his brother.

From the information given to them by King Xuanling, they knew that this person was Xiao Yan, who is now in full swing and famous in the Fenxiang Pavilion!

Just breaking the Tongtianhe cultivation record and obtaining an immortal body, plus it is said that the cultivation has succeeded in the treasure of the Hall of Humanity, this kind of thing is enough for the two brothers Qi Haoqing to treat them seriously.

"I can't tell, this person is very strong." Qi Haoran said slightly.

At the same time, some other super sect disciples also speculated on Xiao Yan's strength and the five women around him.

Did this Xiao Yan enter the ruins or just have fun, and actually brought five women?

Seeing this, the others were immediately envious.

"Shabu!" Let's talk about Xiao Yan, facing the attack of the sturdy man, Xiao Yan walked over in a murmur, without even raising his hand, the next moment, the man disappeared out of thin air!

"Disappeared?" When Du Chun saw Xiao Yan, he naturally felt Xiao Yan's powerful strength, but he was surprised the next moment.

"It didn't disappear, it was killed instantly by that guy." Beside Du Chun, Feng Hong said.

"Instant kill?"

"Isn't he afraid of causing trouble?" Du Chun immediately asked when he heard the words.

"Hehe, the people of Burning Incense Pavilion are never afraid of trouble." Feng Hong smiled as if remembering something.

"Who else?" Xiao Yan patted his palm, and then said humanely to the audience.

When everyone heard the words, they immediately knew that Xiao Yan was a ruthless character, and immediately retreated.

"Let's go."

"Remember, if people don't offend me, I won't offend others." Xiao Yan slowly walked forward and said to the few people behind him, Leng Fuyao was thoughtful, this Hua was clearly speaking to himself.

Yueru and Mu Yingying nodded slightly when they saw this, they all knew what kind of person Xiao Yan was.

And Xiu Qi was secretly surprised in her heart: "Good boy, if it's time to take action, it's not ambiguous at all."

Xiu Qi naturally would not pay attention to the idiot just now.

"Is this the entrance to the ruins?" Xiao Yan and his party slowly came to the entrance of the ruins, staring at the entrance of the ruins in a daze.

The entrance to the ruins presents a small space and does not seem to be the final entrance.

"This is just a passage for the entrance. The entrance that really needs us to open is in this passage." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, Song Yue slowly appeared with Hong Qian and said immediately.

"I really didn't expect you to be Xiao Yan from Burning Incense Pavilion." Song Yue smiled and said immediately.

"Hehe." Facing Song Yue who was so kind, Xiao Yan also smiled.

"How does this guy have such a good relationship with Wanjianmen?" Some super sect disciples kept recalling in their minds.

Song Yue's arrogance and strength are obvious to all. This Xiao Yan can be so familiar with him, there must be some unknown secrets.

"Okay, everyone, I know why everyone came here today."

"But before entering the ruins, we still need the disciples of our super sect to open the entrance to the ruins for everyone So..."

"Irrelevant people, please leave Sanli!" Song Yue and Xiao Yan said hello, and immediately stepped into the air, and said to the crowd of people around them.

"what?"

"You actually want us to withdraw from Sanli?"

"Did you make a mistake?"

"We don't accept it?" Following Song Yue's actions, the disciples of those small sects immediately became dissatisfied, and their voices were quite loud.

"Whoever refuses to accept it, die!" But the next moment, the sword behind Song Yue let out a whimper, and Song Yue's strength in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di was also undoubtedly on display!

"Damn bastard!" Seeing this, the crowd of small sect disciples could only retreat for three miles. After all, the seven-star Doudi strong man was enough to explain everything.

"Everyone, please."

"Entering the passage, the entrance to the ruins is inside. This time, I hope everyone will join hands to break the seal." After doing all this, Song Yuecai smiled and said to the super sect disciple who was not moving.

"This guy is indeed a disciple taught by the head of the super sect." Xiao Yan couldn't help but admire Song Yue's sharp approach.

"Go!" The disciple of the super sect heard the words, and without hesitation, swept into the passage directly.

"Together!" Xiao Yan said softly, and then everyone went straight in!

"This……"

"Is it the entrance?" The disciple of the super sect had just entered the passage, and felt an inexplicable and powerful pressure, but at this time, he couldn't care about so much, so he had to grit his teeth and move forward.

Not long after, an iron gate engraved with exquisite patterns appeared in front of everyone in an instant, and above the iron gate, a conspicuous gossip formation was standing on it, exuding quite dangerous fluctuations! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: