Chapter 254: War is coming!

At this time in the Yin Corpse Forest, the wind was whistling, the surroundings were dark, and the black gas was constantly fluttering around slowly, like countless dead souls crying, looking eerie and eerie.

If there is no overcast moon shining, then there is no difference between black and white in the corpse forest at this time, the whole corpse forest looks gloomy, dark and cold.

Xiao Yan and Yueru also escaped from the ghost town and came to a hill on the third floor.

Xiao Yan glanced at the two of them and said solemnly: "This is the Infernal Corpse Forest, and today is a rare dark moon in thousands of years. This Infernal Corpse Forest is different from our world. Such a place may be beneficial to A ghost, otherwise how can it be called a ghost realm?"

"So be careful."

"Xiao Yan, what exactly is in there?" Mu Feng also asked curiously.

"I don't know what's in there. I only know that there is a very terrifying figure inside, surrounded by ghosts..."

"The strength is extremely terrifying, I am afraid that it is even worse than Wujiang's uncle..." Xiao Yan also said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"There may be a terrifying ghost sealed in there..."

"The ghosts that can be sealed by this ghost town are at least at the level of ghost emperors..." Seeing that Xiao Yan didn't know, Mu Feng didn't take it seriously. After all, very few people knew about ghosts and ghosts.

Yueru also bit her lips slightly, apparently she had just escaped from the ghost town and saw the cloudy moon in the sky.

The inheritor of Yueru has light with the moonlight, so under the illumination of the moonlight, the blessing to Yueru is also huge.

"Hey, did you succeed..." Xiao Yan was also staring at the ghost town well. At this time, at the entrance of the town ghost well, extremely thick ghost energy continued to emerge, obviously something terrifying was about to be born!

At this moment, a mass of black blood mist instantly filled the sky above the ghost town. With the entrance of the ghost town as the center, it exuded a terrifying and eerie atmosphere, which was very terrifying.

"What is that?" Mu Feng was also like a curious baby, just after the words were finished, he started the exercise to explore the black blood mist.

"Mu Feng, stop it!" Xiao Yan didn't notice Mu Feng's movements at first, but when he turned around, he saw Mu Feng's movements and couldn't help but hurriedly speak.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, that black blood mist should be the twin ghost emperors Yinxie. Although Xiao Yan does not know the specific strength of Yinxie, according to his master Jinlongwang, the Nine Soul Monument is already a seven-star fight. Emperor powerhouses, ghost emperors who can be suppressed by seven-star fighting emperor powerhouses, their strength will only be more terrifying...

With an exclamation, Mu Feng's whole body was shaken out of the zhang without any precautions, and he stepped back several steps before he stabilized his body.

Mu Feng's pale face, with a look of horror in his eyes, exclaimed, "Everyone, be careful, this is the Ghost Emperor!"

At this time, the entire dark ghost town wellhead has completely changed, and the dark stone layer on the surface has all turned into dust, revealing the dark and dazzling body inside.

I saw that the ghost emperor in Mu Feng's mouth looked like a man, and his entire body was the same size as an ordinary person, but there were some different colors in the man's eyes, which were quite inconsistent with the black aura on his body. A very terrifying breath came out.

Immediately afterwards, a burst of harsh shouting sounded all around, only to hear the ghost emperor suddenly laugh: "It has been thousands of years, and today, with the help of the power of the yin moon, the ban has finally been broken, haha, no one can control it from now on. stay with me."

"Waiting, Guixian, I will go back sooner or later and take care of you. Haha, I want the entire ghost world to submit to my feet and be ruled by me."

The terrifying voice of the twin ghost emperors also spread to the third floor of the entire corpse forest.

"Why did the twin ghost emperors become male again, didn't they use women as the carrier before..." Xiao Yan was also quite puzzled.

At this time, in the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, countless people were terrified!

Because just from this breath, you know the horror of this black blood mist, even a powerhouse as strong as Mu Yingying, the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor, has no plans at all...

"Hehe, Yin Xie, you are really healed, you forget the pain." An old man also slowly appeared in the sky.

The old man had a kind face and a smile that complemented his slightly short stature.

But for such a middle-aged old man, the aura emanating from his thin body is extremely terrifying!

"Susu!"

"Nine Soul Monument, you are really haunted..." Yin Xie also showed his face, but he wore a mask on his face to cover his true appearance.

"Hahaha, I was originally protecting you, to prevent you from breaking through the seal..." The Nine Soul Stele also smiled slightly.

"Since you are so stubborn, the seal and suppression for thousands of years should be retrieved from you first..."

"I'll let the whole Xuan Santian pay for the rest." Yin Xie also laughed strangely.

"Haha, then let's see if you have the ability!" The Nine Soul Monument also snorted coldly, the original smile also instantly stalemate, and the terrifying red Dou Qi instantly covered the whole body!

"Seven Star Dou Di?"

"You **** old ghost actually broke through the Seven Star Dou Emperor?" Yin Xie, who was a little proud, also stopped smiling.

"Over the years, we have to make some breakthroughs, so as not to be laughed at by future generations." The Nine Soul Stele also snorted slightly.

"Seven Star Dou Di..."

"But that's not enough!" Yin Xie also snorted coldly, and then a black blood mist emanated from his body. Although the Nine Soul Monument has broken through the Seven Star Dou Emperor, Yin Xie is not afraid. After all, his strength is comparable to that of him. The powerhouse of the Seven Stars Fighting Emperor of Humanity and it is still a cloudy moon, he has an absolute increase in himself.

"How can this kind of battle be without me." A hearty laughter also appeared in the sky.

"Silver Moon Sirius!"

"This is about me and the Nine Soul Monument. If you intervene, I will let you escape!" Yin Xie also snorted coldly!

"Haha, I've heard about the sinister name of the twin ghost emperors, and when I saw it today, it really lives up to its reputation!" After Xiaoyue finished speaking, her aura also soared!

Another seven-star fighting emperor!

"Are you sure about it now?" The Nine Souls Monument also said coldly.

"It's barely okay, but if you want to punish me, it's obviously a little worse." Yin Xie deserves to have a fierce reputation, and even in this situation, there is no fear.

"Go!"

"It has just broken the seal and its strength has not recovered yet, don't waste time with it!" Jiuhun Tablet snorted coldly and said to Xiaoyue next to him.

"Yeah." Xiaoyue agreed, and prepared to attack this evil spirit with the Nine Soul Monument!

At this time, on the third floor of the Yin Corpse Forest, Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying, Qiu Huoniao, plus the snake-controlling woman and Luo Guang's two, Wu Jiang's team, all had eyes. Staring at the sky!

Two seven-star fighting emperors fight against twin ghost emperors!

A war is about to break out.

Ask for tickets!