Chapter Vol 4 887: Caster, Master Lu!

"Go up and have a look?" Xiao Yan said to Mu Yingying.

After all, apart from these rocks, there is nothing else here, and there is lava below, so naturally we have to walk up the stone steps.

"Let's go!" At this moment, Mu Yingying's thoughts were all on her brother, so she didn't have time to pay attention to these matters, so she said directly.

"Ta Ta Ta!" Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying stepped on the stone steps, facing the top.

One step, two steps.

This stone stair didn't seem to be as terrifying as Xiao Yan imagined, and even without any obstacles, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying came directly to the top.

"This is..." As soon as they came to the top, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were both stunned for a moment, because they were both shocked by the scene in front of them.

In the eyes of the two, there are hundreds of weapons!

Among the weapons, there are swords, spears, swords, halberds, axes, tomahawks, hooks, and forks!

Moreover, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying both knew that these weapons were surrounded by a vague vicious aura, and at a glance, they knew that they were from the hands of famous teachers!

Turning his head and looking at it, he found that in addition to the extremely large magical weapons, there are also some casting tables for making weapons and some special tools for tempering weapons.

"Is this the second floor of the underground palace?" Xiao Yan said in surprise.

Looking at the complete range of weapons here, it doesn't look like a place containing treasures, but it looks like a place specially designed to forge weapons.

"Ah woo." With a slight sound, a middle-aged man suddenly appeared directly above the two of them, and there was a sound of exhaustion in the corner of his mouth.

"Who is it?"

"Don't you know that you don't sleep early and disturb people's lunch break?" The middle-aged man walking towards him said with a trace of displeasure.

The middle-aged man was dressed in blacksmith clothes, but his muscles were extremely solid, and his strength also made Xiao Yan feel an indescribable feeling.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I have no intention of passing by." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

"Aren't you going to pass by?"

"Do I believe in you?"

"Boy, don't pretend to be confused!"

"If you have something to say, don't waste your time." Hearing the words, the figure approaching directly laughed and scolded.

It seems that among the two talented and beautiful women in front of him, this man gives Master Lu an unfathomable feeling!

The man approaching was the first smith in Xuantian, Master Lu!

The strength of the dignified rank five nine-star Dou Di, and the casting master level is also at the ninth level, and it is only one step away from the fairy weapon master!

"Senior..." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he and Mu Yingying looked at each other immediately, not knowing what medicine Master Lu was selling in confusion.

"Oh oh oh."

"I forgot to introduce it. I'm a foundry, and everyone calls me Master Lu." Master Lu said directly without seeing Xiao Yan and the two of them unaware.

"A foundry?"

"Master Lu?"

"Could it be that Master Lu, who is known as the first casting master of Xuantiantian?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

The name of Master Lu, Xiao Yan has heard many times in the mouth of Zhu Lao, even if it is as powerful as Zhu Lao Banxian, he praises Master Lu well, which is enough to see how powerful this Master Lu is. place.

"It's this old man." Although Master Lu was proud of himself, he slightly put down his face when facing Xiao Yan.

Ordinary people only know that Master Lu lives in Xuanling City, runs a blacksmith shop, and makes a living by casting.

But they didn't know that the blacksmith shop was actually just for Master Lu to fool others and wanted Master Lu to make weapons. Master Lu's sky-high asking price was no lower than that of the alchemist, and he had to prepare his own materials!

Master Broken Bronze Tielu didn't even look at it. In his words, weapons made from broken copper and iron have no soul, so they are disdainful.

And very few people know that Master Lu actually has some cooperation with King Xuanling.

King Xuanling provided Master Lu with precious materials for refining weapons, which is why Master Lu is now known as the number one casting master in Xuantian days. In return, Master Lu forged weapons for some outstanding disciples of the Xuanling royal family. Of course, the premise is: The condition is to pass the approval of King Xuanling, and have the gold medal of Xuanling in the hands of King Xuanling, and enter the second floor of the underground palace.

Therefore, although Master Lu didn't understand why Xuanling King sent these two little guys in, but the underground palace was heavily guarded, even Master Lu's fifth-rank nine-star Doudi would not necessarily be able to break in, so it was natural to think Xiao Yan and the two were Xuanling King. Two people sent to build weapons.

"It's true."

"Master Lu, we came here this time to forge weapons." Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly rolled slowly, as if he had some thoughts in his heart.

And Mu Yingying followed Xiao Yan and was slightly startled.

They came here to guide her brother's breath, and Mu Yingying was clearly going to find her brother, so how could it be to forge weapons?

Just when Mu Yingying was puzzled and was about to speak, Xiao Yan suddenly pulled up Mu Yingying's slender hand with his warm palm and said with a smile, "Yes, Yingying."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he kept flashing his eyes at Mu Yingying.

"Mmmm." Mu Yingying was confused by Xiao Yan's inexplicable outburst, but she nodded and said, since it was Xiao Yan, she could trust her without reservation.

"Sure enough."

"Although I have some cooperation with King Xuanling, if it's scrap metal then please come back."

"After all, those things are just a waste of my time." Master Lu heard the words, and the guess in his heart was confirmed to some extent, but he still said in a non-trivial manner.

Most of the people in the Xuanling royal family are arrogant, but Master Lu found that the handsome man and woman in front of him did not seem to have that kind of arrogance, which made Master Lu have a good attitude towards them, but Master Lu was in order to The face of his own foundry master, he still maintained a steady voice.

"Hehe." When Xiao Yan heard this, he naturally smiled slowly.

Who would have thought that he would come to the second floor of the underground palace by accident and meet Master Lu again.

Since Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying obtained the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother from the ruins, Xiao Yan originally wanted to find a time to go to Xuanling City to find this master to recast the fairy sword that he had given to Mu Yingying.

After all, Xiao Yan had already experienced the power of that immortal sword, but with all the energy exhausted while in the corpse forest, it suddenly dimmed, as if it were an ordinary weapon.

But now that there is the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, Xiao Yan is confident that under the masterful hands of Master Lu, this fairy sword will definitely emit its true light.

"I don't know senior, if this thing is possible to cast..." Xiao Yan did not hesitate, slowly took out the extremely precious Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother from the ring, and then said slightly to Master Lu.

However, Master Lu's original smile and pride were when he saw the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother in Xiao Yan's hand, his pupils shrank tightly, and he lost his voice: "Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother?"