Chapter 409: The hidden formation in the tattered scroll!

"What the **** is this..."

"I can't break through the power of my soul... Even the fighting qi in my body that is fused with twenty-three kinds of different fires can't be broken..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan also slowly stretched out his palm, and then slightly landed on the tattered pale yellow scroll, carefully flipping the mysterious tattered scroll, trying to find a clue.

As it got closer, Xiao Yan also realized that the pale yellow scroll seemed to be like a mountain, but many places were already tattered, and some small skeletons suddenly appeared on it, which also affected Xiao Yan's exploration. Something on this scroll.

"Why does this thing look like an intermittent mountain range..." Xiao Yan, I found some slight undulations on the tattered scroll, and immediately said.

"Not the mountains..."

"Why is this thing so familiar to me..." Long Yi, who was standing on Xiao Yan's shoulders, also turned his eyes over and said.

"Try it with your spiritual power." Long Yi also said solemnly, obviously he had found something.

"Okay." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also shot directly. As soon as he closed his eyes, the weak spiritual power in the spiritual sea within his body also slowly emerged under Xiao Yan's control.

"Go!" With the appearance of this little spiritual power, Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then left facing the scroll on the table in front of him!

"Shabu Shabu!" With the injection of spiritual power, the tattered scroll shook violently at first, and then an extremely dazzling light emerged instantly!

"Success?" Xiao Yan was also overjoyed.

"Don't be too happy..." Long Yi also gave Xiao Yan a blank look and said.

As soon as Long Yi finished speaking, the scroll on the table dimmed instantly, as if it was just a flash in the pan.

"How could this be..." Xiao Yan also suppressed the confusion in his heart, and then thought carefully!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Just when the tattered scroll radiated bright light, Xiao Yan clearly felt a familiar smell from it!

That smell is exactly the same as the formations that I saw in the old Zhu's room when I went to look for Zhu Lao!

"It should be that your mental strength is too weak." Long Yi also said, it is obviously not a coincidence that Xiao Yan's mental strength just made the scroll radiate bright light.

In this case, it only means that the mental power in Xiao Yan's body is too weak, so that bright light is also fleeting.

"Mental strength is too weak..." Xiao Yan nodded in agreement after hearing this. After all, the foundation of this battle formation master is spiritual power, and the strength of the spiritual power determines the strength of the formation mastered by the formation master.

Xiao Yan's spirit is very weak. After all, for the cultivation of spiritual power, he only relies on Xiao Yan's own exploration, which also leads to the improvement of Xiao Yan's spiritual power like a snail.

But fortunately, I met Old Bamboo, and I will go back to Burning Incense Pavilion this time, but I have to follow Old Bamboo to cultivate this spiritual power.

With a plan in mind, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate.

The only spiritual power left in the body instantly emerged, and this time, Xiao Yan seemed to have learned to be smart. This time, he controlled the spiritual power. He did not rashly attack the tattered scroll, but instead injected all the remaining spiritual power. On top of the core inscription of Shen Dong's natal life suspended in front of him!

With the infusion of Xiao Yan's spiritual power, the core inscription of the divine movement in front of him also flickered with a gentle light.

"I hope you won't let me down." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and without hesitation, he directly controlled the core inscription of the divine movement, and walked towards the tattered scroll on the table in front of him!

"Bang bang bang!" The figure with the long core inscription of Shen Dong's life slowly stopped right above the tattered scroll, and then a force was also released from the core inscription of Shen Dong's life towards the torn scroll!

"Success!" This time did not last for a few minutes, and the tattered scroll that looked like an indestructible rock was also defeated by the offensive of the core inscription of the divine movement.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan also said to the core inscription of the divine movement in front of him. With the appearance of Xiao Yan's voice, the core inscription of the divine movement was also very cheerful as if it were a child, and then "bang bang bang "The note is that Zaidu returned to Xiao Yan's Nigong Pill.

However, Xiao Yan also found that the inscription of the divine life core seems to be a bit more powerful than before, but at this time, Xiao Yan's whole mind was on the tattered scroll in front of him, and he did not carefully feel the divine life core. Changes in inscriptions.

As for the tattered scroll in front of him, in addition to the special power of the core inscription of Shen Dong's life, it turned into an extremely pure white light, and the white light was on the table.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan also slowly raised his palm, and then walked towards the white light.

Because of Xiao Yan's perception, this power seems to be hidden in the tattered scroll, and now it has been extracted from the core inscription of his own divine life!

"嘁偁嘁!" Xiao Yan's palm just touched the white light, and an extremely huge aura suddenly poured into Xiao Yan's mind.

"The Immortal Master Formation: Beaming Immortal Silk Vine!"

"This formation is called Shuxiansi Teng. As the name suggests, it is a formation specially used to delay time and entangle opponents!"

"However, the secondary formation method must be performed only after the spiritual power has entered the Immortal Master, otherwise it will be backlashed!"

"..." This breath poured into Xiao Yan's mind, and Xiao Yan also had black lines all over his head. In the end, this seemed to be nothing but joy?

Immortal master?

What are you kidding?

For their entire Xuansan days I am afraid that there is only one Douzheng master, Zhu Lao, not to mention that there are almost no Douzheng masters. Even if there are, how many people can cultivate to the Immortal Master. realm.

"Isn't this thing purely a scourge..." Xiao Yan was also depressed, and then a milky white flame jumped out from the tip of his finger, suddenly facing the scroll!

"Shabu Shabu!" After the tattered scroll was specially refined by the core of his divine life, the originally indestructible scroll was instantly burned by Xiao Yan and turned into nothingness.

Following something like Xiao Yan, the scroll that was burned and turned into nothingness also broke through, and a ray of light appeared. In the light, there was a message.

"People who are destined, in fact, you don't need the spiritual power of the Celestial Master to cultivate this bunch of celestial vines, but the power of this formation will change with the strength of your spiritual power!" Xiao Yan felt that he had it again. Got a lot of interest!

"The Immortal Silk and Vine Array, with its strength and sturdiness, even an opponent stronger than you will be unable to break free in a short period of time..."

"Beam of fairy silk vines, first of all, you need to condense array patterns. The number of array patterns also depends on the strength of your array, and how many array patterns can be condensed depends on the strength of your mental strength..."

"Condensed the formation pattern, and then engraved the formation... so that you have the formation in your hand... the formation follows your heart..." An extremely information is also constantly guiding Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan is also trying his best to adapt to this situation. Array of fairy silk vines.

Ask for tickets!