Chapter Vol 4 1563: Tingfeng Pavilion and Qingyun Pavilion!

The Ten Thousand Fire Sect is also quite far from the core area of ​​the Central Territory. In addition, in order to avoid the spies of some other forces, Xiao Yan and the two moved in hiding, and the speed was extremely slow.

The other place is in a sect outside the Yan Furnace Cliff of Ten Thousand Fire Sect.

"Master."

"The disciple of the Spiritual Academy who manages the Ten Thousand Fire Sect has already arrived, but the strange thing is that they are not one, but two." In a rather elegant attic, two men wearing gorgeous clothes Appeared, one of the guards suddenly poured into the attic and knelt on one knee and said respectfully.

Two men, one is middle-aged, but there is an extremely majestic aura all over his body. The strength of this aura has reached the middle stage of the four-star fighting immortal. He is now the pavilion owner of Tingfeng Pavilion, Feng Qingyu .

The other one, who seems to be quite young, has a dignified appearance, and his eyes are full of cold stars. This guy is a disciple sent to manage the Tingfeng Pavilion in the Lingyuan.

"Mr. Yang, how do you think this is good?" After a while, Feng Qingyu asked first. After all, the guy in front of him is not only powerful, but also has something to do with Headmaster Ling in the courtyard, so Feng Qingyu And only politely.

"Wind Pavilion Lord, I have communicated with the pavilion owner of Qingyun Pavilion. Qingyun Pavilion dispatched strong men to attack the ten thousand fire sect's territory, and once they mobilized strong men from the sect to support, we will attack immediately, Try to win the Ten Thousand Fire Sect." Yang Xi said indifferently.

"Hehe, although we heard that Fengge and Wanhuo Sect have a lot of grievances, but the adults help our sect, it really makes the old man ashamed." Feng Qingyu heard the words, and immediately laughed, after all, it was able to annex Wanhuo Sect. , they will obtain more huge resources, and it will be extremely easy to enter the top forces at that time.

"That's right."

"But I only did this after receiving an order. It seems that in the courtyard, there are strong people who want to die in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, perhaps the two spiritual house managers in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect." Yang Xi shook his head.

"Go on, keep an eye on the Ten Thousand Fire Sect. Once there is any trace of the movement of the four-star Dou Xian powerhouse in their sect, they will report it immediately." Feng Qingyu said.

"Yes, pavilion master." As soon as the voice fell, calm here was restored.

Another place is the Qingyun Pavilion in the center of the Central Territory.

"Hey, how can your lord come to the humble house today in a leisurely manner."

"I'm sorry for the small one, and I hope the adults forgive me." In a very beautifully decorated attic, a middle-aged man greeted a young man with a smile on his face.

"Yunkun, your Qingyun Pavilion has become quite popular. It seems that these years have not helped you in vain." After a short while, the young man stood directly on the main seat in the attic, and then slowly opened his mouth. .

"Hey, Lord Ling Yu really likes to joke, our Qingyun Pavilion is able to reach the current state, it is all thanks to the adults. If you have any orders, just say it." Qing Yunkun, the master of Qingyun Pavilion, a late four-star fighting immortal. of the strong.

"Okay, I'm here today because I have something important to do." Ling Yu said casually, looking at some of the entourage in the attic.

"Go down, let me go down." After a while, there were only two people left in the attic.

"Yang Xi should have communicated with you, and asked you to take action against the subordinates of Wanhuo Sect?" No one was around, Ling Yu said immediately.

"Sir, how do you know this..." Qing Yunkun was shocked when he heard the words. After all, Yang Xi took the initiative to contact him a few days ago and asked him to send a strong man to attack the territory of the Wanhuo Sect. Zong's territory belongs to their Qingyun Pavilion, so Qingyunkun did this.

"Yang Xi is mine."

"It was also my idea to attack the Ten Thousand Fire Sect." Ling Yu explained, looking at Qing Yunkun who was confused.

"I don't know if anyone in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect has offended the adults, and their subordinates are willing to dedicate their heads to the adults." Hearing Ling Yu's voice, Qing Yunkun immediately laughed.

At best, this Ten Thousand Fire Sect is only a middle-level force, and it is obviously not at the same level as Qingyun Pavilion, so when it comes to its own performance, after all, although Qingyun Pavilion has its own four-star fighting immortal late stage powerhouse, but it can not step into the top. .

"Among the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, there are two disciples of the Spiritual Academy."

"The two of them are my goals."

"If you have the ability, take them to me, and I will give you a big gift at that time." Ling Yu said with a smile.

"If that's the case, then please go back and wait for the good news." Hearing Ling Yu's voice, Qing Yunkun couldn't help but become overjoyed.

Ling Yu's strength and talent are unusually tyrannical. If he can help him solve this matter, I am afraid that the Qingyun Pavilion will also rise, and with the care of this big man, their Qingyun Pavilion can also walk sideways in this middle domain. .

"En." As soon as the voice fell, Ling Yu's figure slowly disappeared into the void and left.

"Come here, send someone to guard the sect."

"The ten thousand fire sect's territory, this pavilion will go there in person." As soon as the voice fell, Qing Yunkun smiled slowly.

"The holy flame on Xiao Yan's body is mine."

"Wait, a mere three-star fighting immortal is also trying to compete with the evil clan outside the realm, just courting death." Walking in the void, Ling Yu's face became hideous, and he said.

"Just... don't underestimate this guy."

"According to the leader, Xiao Yan has united many powerful people and completely wiped out some of the thirty-six royal families among our extraterritorial evil clan." At the same time, Ling Yu's body suddenly had an evil aura. emerge.

"Hey, don't worry."

"Even if this guy has great ability, he can't escape from my Wuzhishan. After all, this is my own territory." Ling Yu heard the words, but he dismissed it, thinking that he is now a complete four-star fighting immortal, and he controls half of the realm. You only need to take one step, and you can successfully enter the Five-Star Fighting Immortal. At that time, you can enter the temple of the Lord of Souls Just be careful. "After a while, the evil aura in his body opened his mouth and said, although it is not a strong foreigner, it is one of the most "sins". It knows the tyranny of the thirty-six royal families among the foreigners. Xiao Yan was able to destroy, naturally, he had some strength.

"Well, I'll pay attention."

"But you should concentrate on preparing to peel off the holy flame and suppress the holy flame."

"For the rest of the time, let these guys jump around for a while, until I come out of the acacia tree, Xiao Yan, you are all sure to die." Ling Yu said with a smile.

"Be careful, your aura is too tyrannical. If it is discovered by the strong people in the courtyard or your father, our plan will fall short." After a while, the evil aura in Ling Yu reminded.

"Don't worry... As long as I can step into the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, I can directly meet the Lord Demon, and the entire Li Soul Realm will fall into our hands."

"Susu." At the same time, Ling Yu laughed.