Chapter Vol 4 800: 91

"Chuck!" At this moment, in the second floor of the underground palace, a rhythmic sound of beating iron blocks came slowly!

Although Xiao Yan closed his eyes and practiced, his soul power was so huge that he didn't need to do anything. That soul power was to tell him the situation of Master Lu.

This Master Lu also deserves to be the master forging of the entire Xuantiantian.

At this time, Master Lu was in the casting table, surrounded by gunpowder, and many materials used in his hands were lifelike. He held the tweezers in his left hand to clamp the yin and yang black iron mother, and the right hand, a large and small handle, about touching The casting hammer of Zhang Xu slowly appeared.

Don't underestimate this heavy hammer. This small hammer is the lifeblood of Master Lu. If it weren't for the fact that the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother was too precious, I'm afraid Master Lu would be reluctant to take it out.

For the foundry, the forging hammer is as important as the medicine cauldron of the alchemist.

On the casting platform, bursts of dazzling flames continued to burn the Yin-Yang Heart Iron Mother, as if it wanted to melt the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother.

However, the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother is not an ordinary thing, not to mention this mere flame, even Xiao Yan's holy flame power, it would probably take a lot of time to refine it, let alone melt it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This thing is really solid." Master Lu said directly as if he had expected it.

However, there is a calm look in the voice, obviously a solution has been found.

"It seems that only Yun Ding can be used." Master Lu laughed, and then the forging hammer in his right hand did not hesitate, and the hammer rose and fell, directly hitting the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother.

Yun forging, this is a unique method that belongs to the foundry!

Using some unique powers for forging, the spirituality of the metal will be volatilized to a great extent, so that it reaches the level of forging and immortality!

This has always been Master Lu's dream.

Although Master Lu has mastered Yunduan, he has not succeeded in Yunling for a long time. This is also a regret in his heart, but now that he has this opportunity, it is obvious that Master Lu will not let it go easily.

"Dong dong dong!" A strong and powerful beating sound came from the casting platform constantly, and with Master Lu's beating like this, the rock-solid Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother actually became softer, I'm afraid it won't take long , it will be refined by Master Lu!

From an outsider's point of view, this beating has no skill, but Xiao Yan could feel it in the dark. This seemingly simple beating may be the most difficult method for a foundry!

Whether it is the rhythm of each strike or the control of power, they are all precise.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said, feeling the skill of Master Lu's beating.

With Xiao Yan's perception, he knew that Master Lu was injecting his own power of life and death into the forging hammer, and then using the huge power and special beating method of the forging hammer to change the shape of the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother.

"Fire!" The beating sound continued for about a quarter of an hour, and then on Master Lu's forehead, a stream of sweat kept emerging, but Master Lu didn't feel any tiredness, only a look of increasing anticipation!

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as Master Lu finished speaking, in the casting platform, a dazzling flame poured into the yin and yang black iron mother that was held by the tweezers in Master Lu's left hand!

"Zizi!" At this time, the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother had turned red under Master Lu's exquisite casting, and with the injection of flames, a sound like the flames being extinguished by the ocean and sea water slowly sounded!

"Huhuhu." Master Lu hurriedly wiped off his sweat, then without hesitation, his right hand was exerting force, and he was beating away at the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother!

And with every beating, Xiao Yan could feel that the inside of the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother seemed to be being changed by Master Lu!

"With so many yin and yang mysterious iron mothers, I don't know how powerful the casted weapons will be." Master Lu thought while beating the metal.

One minute passed, and Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were waiting there.

The more he watched Master Lu forging weapons, the more Xiao Yan felt that Master Lu lived up to his reputation.

Although the value of the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother is extremely precious, if it is not fortunate to meet Master Lu, I am afraid that this treasure will only sink into the sea.

After all, a real treasure still needs to be polished before it can emit a dazzling light.

"Dong, dong, dong!" Not long after, Master Lu was beating the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, but this time, Master Lu's strength and speed were much higher than before.

"It seems that the casting is about to succeed."

"The next step is casting and tempering." Xiao Yan said slowly looking at the red yin-yang black iron mother in Master Lu's palm.

From the red yin and yang mysterious iron mother at this time, Xiao Yan could feel that even if he hit with all his strength, he probably wouldn't cause any damage.

"Weng buzzing!" But at the next moment, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan suddenly let out an extremely cheerful vibration.

"En?" Xiao Yan felt this sudden scene, and immediately frowned, what is this strange fire eternal ancient ruler doing?

"Sword is coming!" After a few breaths, Master Lu exclaimed, and then the broken fiery red sword appeared directly in front of Master Lu!

"Rong!" Seeing this, Master Lu's eyes flashed with solemnity!

The easiest step in forging Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, but this is the easiest step, and it also makes Master Lu spend a lot of time. If there are not all the casting tools here, I am afraid it is really difficult to deal with.

"Boom boom boom!" Master Lu directly threw the red yin and yang black iron mother on the broken fairy sword!

"Weng Om Om!" Although the broken fairy sword was like a waste product, when the dazzling power of the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother was attached to the body of the sword, it still made a very unpleasant sound!

"This old man is helping you evolve higher-level weapons!"

"Don't know what's wrong!" Master Lu snorted coldly, and the overwhelming breath rushed towards the Broken Immortal Sword!

The next moment, the last bit of power remaining on the Broken Immortal Sword was completely erased by Master Lu.

"That's right."

"Your predecessor was already a fairy sword."

"But the damage is too serious."

"Right now, I focus on Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, supplemented by you, and you are casting!"

"Hopefully, it can contain spirits."

"It's not a waste of my hard work!" After Master Lu finished speaking, there was a hint of determination in his pupils.

The next moment, the immortal sword was placed directly on the flame of the casting table by Master Lu, and then the dazzling flame and some mysterious water continued to pour out directly on the casting table!

"Dong, dong, dong!" He picked up the casting hammer in his right hand, and hit the fairy sword with each hammer!

And with Master Lu's blow like this, the immortal sword also underwent a huge change.

During the beating, the flames and the water lingered alternately, and each time they went to the immortal sword between the beatings, and under the exertion of the power of these three, the entire body of the immortal sword also underwent tremendous changes.