Chapter Vol 2 712: perfect plan

"First of all, this plan is also a crucial step from the beginning. We should think about how to enter Xuanling City or get close to the interior of Xuanling Imperial House." Zhu Jin said slightly.

The interior of the Xuanling Royal Family is heavily guarded, and if you are not careful, you may be shocked by the grass, so there is no need to guard the more powerful underground palace of the Xuanling Royal Family.

When everyone heard this, a trace of anxiety appeared in their hearts.

Because they all know that when they reach their status and strength, whether it is on the surface or behind the scenes, they have been targeted by many forces. If they mysteriously disappear, other sects or the Xuanling royal family will definitely take precautions. It would be bad if the time came to startle the snake.

"This is really a top priority."

"After all, I have gathered the top combat power of Fenxiang Pavilion here. If such a lineup goes out like this, I'm afraid it will really cause a lot of commotion." Mu Xuzi laughed, but there was no good way for a while.

"This matter is quite simple. It just so happens that I have recently learned a high-level fighting skill, which is just the right time to condense the clones of several of us and stay here."

"Condensing the avatar will not consume me a bit of vindictiveness, and this avatar looks just like us, but the only bad thing is that this avatar does not have the slightest attack power."

"But I can fake our strength so that those who monitor us can sense it."

"As long as there are no accidents, I have the confidence to fool other people's eyes." Reimu said suddenly.

"It's so good!" When Tian Lao heard this, he was overjoyed.

The joy is not because the initial problem has been solved, but also because of this Reimu.

This Lingmengsheng has been slumped since the death of his lover. He doesn't know how to get through these years. If it wasn't for Lingxuan's existence, Lingmengsheng would have already...

However, since he has already started to learn fighting skills, the knot in his heart is much better after thinking about it.

"Then I'll leave this matter to you." Zhu Jin also smiled slightly when he heard the words. Zhu Jin still had confidence in Lingmengsheng's strength.

"This is just the first step. For the rest, we need to enter the underground palace."

"The power and guards in the underground palace, according to the information we have obtained, I am afraid that there are no less than three people in the nine-star Dou Emperor. Adding five eight-star Dou emperors and some seven-star Dou emperors, I am afraid this is the most dangerous place." Zhu Jin said. road.

"I don't know how we got into the underground palace after we left the Fenxiang Pavilion?" Xiong Yuan squinted his eyes and asked in doubt.

"This is simple, it just happens that we have such a method in the Burning Incense Pavilion before, we can fly away." Mu Xuzi said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Flying?"

"Could it be..." Chang Yu was slightly startled when he heard the words.

He had already heard about this Fei Dun, and this Fei Dun meant that it was a flight path.

This flight channel existed before, and it was founded by the owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion, so there is no need to worry about being discovered by the Xuanling royal family. .

"Next is the underground palace."

"As far as I know, there are seven floors in the underground palace. Starting from the first floor, the level of danger increases linearly with each floor." The old man said with a hint of anxiety.

"The seventh floor of the underground palace, that Yan Chi should be on the seventh floor." Zhu Jin's eyes flashed with a hint of doubt and then he spoke.

"Originally, I took Xiao Yan and a few people to soak in the Xuanling Emperor Pond. The Xuanling Emperor Pond is located on the first floor of the underground palace."

"But the situation was urgent at the time, and I didn't have time to investigate."

"But one thing is certain, there is indeed a fiery aura in the underground palace." Zhu Jin affirmed.

As Zhu Jin spoke, the other strong men nodded immediately.

The relationship between Yanchi and the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion is not comparable to a few of them, so Zhu Jin said that if the seventh floor of the underground palace is the place where Yanchi lives, it will be easy to handle.

"Although it is confirmed that Yan Chi is on the seventh floor of the underground palace, the formation in this underground palace is a bit huge. If we only rely on a few of us, it will be a bit difficult..." Mu Xuzi glanced at everyone present and said. .

"Indeed, in terms of numbers, we have a disadvantage, but this is all the power that can be drawn for now."

"In order to maintain the order of the Burning Incense Pavilion, the other elders can't be recruited."

"The Hall Master of the Human Palace went out and hasn't returned yet, while the Master of the Heavenly Palace has been out of retreat for a long time." Zhu Jin shook his head.

"There are too many strong people in the underground palace."

"Is your information reliable..." Tian Lao asked slightly.

"The number of strong people will only be more than the information I got, just a lot more." Zhu Jin said directly without hiding the crowd.

"Damn, then **** him with a lot of money!"

"Isn't it just some of the eight-star Dou Emperor's seven-star Dou Emperor's henchmen? I'm enough alone." Ling Mengsheng volunteered.

"As for the other Nine Star Dou Di, leave it to the two of us." Seeing this, Mu Xuzi and Xiong Yuan immediately said without shirk.

They also know that now is not the time to shirk.

"The two of you..." When Di Lao heard this, he couldn't help but feel a little surprised.

Although Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi's strength is not weak, they still have some difficulty in facing the Nine-Star Dou Emperor. After all, the Eight-Star Dou Emperor's complete powerhouse and the Nine-Star Dou Emperor are not a little bit worse.

"Forget it, you have to be careful about this."

"Xiong Yuanmu Xuzi, the two of you will deal with a nine-star Dou Emperor, and the remaining nine-star Dou Emperor will be dealt with by the two elders of heaven and earth. As for Changyu, you are responsible for responding." Zhu Lao said after thinking for a while.

"no problem."

"Okay."

"Yes." Listening to Zhu Jin's arrangement, the powerhouses nodded in satisfaction without the slightest doubt.

"By the way, when are we going to start?" The plan was almost made, and Chang Yu said expectantly This is not in a hurry. "

"According to the news from the pavilion master, after half a year, there will be a ruin that will come to Xuan Santian."

"There are things in the ruins that the Xuanling royal family is bound to obtain, so they will dispatch a lot of power, and then it will be our chance."

"There is only one chance." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, his eyes suddenly became deep, and then in his mind, the man in a fiery red robe with a free and easy nature appeared again!

"Okay." After Chang Yu finished speaking, he immediately agreed.

"Okay, then everyone should prepare well. By the time the pavilion master returns, he will almost begin to act."

"Everything is ready, I only owe Dongfeng." Zhu Jin smiled slowly, obviously he had the chance to win this operation.

"Where is the pavilion master now?" Qing Lao suddenly asked.

"Hehe, Pavilion Master's words, I'm afraid there will be another time to settle his romantic debt." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he couldn't help but smile, and there was a bit of playfulness in the corner of his mouth.

Across from the Burning Incense Pavilion, a middle-aged man sneezed directly.

"Ah!"

"Who is scolding me again?"

"It's really immoral." After the man finished speaking, he walked towards a place in front of him.

In front of the man, is the Wanhua Pavilion, which is far away from the Burning Incense Pavilion!

As for this man, he is the current pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion, Fentian!

Ask for tickets!