Chapter Vol 4 1258: The soul clan is here, protector of the shadows!

The battle in the space formation, accompanied by the sudden bursts of strange black fog, all quieted down.

Immediately, Yuzong's strong man stepped aside, and under the horrified gaze of everyone, in front of Ye Ku, who was about to be wiped out by Yu Tianyue, an extremely strange black mist was slowly born.

"That's..." Xiao Yan recognized it at a glance. This is a trick used by the Soul Clan, but other Rain Sect powerhouses don't have such eyesight.

"I have long noticed that Kuyezhai has an affair with some evil forces. I never thought that the so-called evil forces would actually be you." Yu Tianyue did not seem surprised, standing in front of the many disciples of Yuzong, facing the black group. said the fog.

In the sky, the black fog still did not show up, but said in a very gloomy voice: "We are just a relationship of interests. If your Rain Sect needs it, we can also cooperate."

"Hahaha."

"The soul clan is famous, but your base camp is not here!"

"And... Speaking of cooperation, it's impossible for me to cooperate with such a filthy race." Yu Tianyue laughed wildly and said in a very disdainful tone.

"You are courting death!" With Yu Tianyue's provocation, there was an extremely terrifying fluctuation in the black mist. This fluctuating aura was even more powerful than Yu Tianyue's!

"Samsung Dou Xian is complete?" Xiao Yan couldn't help swallowing a mouthful of saliva and said.

Yu Tianyue's current strength is on the verge of reaching the Three-Star Dou Xian Consummation, and this fellow of the Soul Clan is stronger than him, so there is no doubt that the Three-Star Dou Xian Consummate is complete.

"Today, none of you can run!" As the voice in the black mist fell, a large amount of black mist suddenly poured out from the entire formation space, and the black mist condensed in the void, and finally it turned out to be It turned into a mass of black mist that was only a few feet tall!

"Guardian Yin, be careful, this guy's strength is the peak of the late Samsung Dou Xian, and that kid's soul power cannot be underestimated." Ye Ku said standing aside.

"I am very interested in your fighting spirit, holy flame and even fairyland spirit."

"Fall into my hands today."

"By the way, remember my name taboo, the soul clan's yin guardian law!" The yin guardian law was covered by a mass of black mist, slowly exuding a gloomy meaning.

"Sect Master, what are we going to do now?" The rain curtain on the side couldn't help but said, obviously the combat power was obviously not proportional at this time.

The opponent is just a yin protector, and his strength is to reach the perfection of the three-star Dou Xian, which does not include Ye Ku in the later stage of the three-star Dou Xian, Ye Shuang in the middle stage of the three-star Dou Xian, and Ye Yunqing in the early stage of the three-star Dou Xian!

On the other hand, on their side, only themselves and Sect Master Yu were stronger than the Three Star Fighting Immortals. Although Xiao Yan barely counted as one, it was a must-win situation anyway.

"Haha, let's watch first, I called for reinforcements, it should be coming soon." Sect Master Yu said slowly.

As early as when the space formation was destroyed, Yu Tianyue vaguely noticed that Kuye Zhai seemed to be colluding with other powerhouses, so he also secretly contacted the powerhouses for cooperation.

"This yin protection method is very strong." Xiao Yan said coldly.

The people of the soul race are the most tyrannical in dealing with the soul body, but it is no problem to deal with ordinary humans. After all, their race has a unique method for dealing with human beings and the soul body.

"Go!"

"Ye Shuang, you stop the rain curtain!"

"Ye Yunqing, you are responsible for obliterating the other two-star fighting immortals!"

"Leave the rest to us!" Ye Ku said directly without being idle.

"Ah... I have a headache." Xiao Yan looked at the crowd in the middle of the battle and couldn't help rubbing his temples and said.

"Susu... The soul power of the fairyland level is extremely difficult to find. I never imagined that someone would automatically bring it to the door."

"Humph."

"You guys are nothing but a group of monsters who walk in the dark all day and do things like stealing chickens and dogs, and their whereabouts are like mice." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't look flustered.

"Susu!"

"Don't think that you have holy flame and fighting spirit, this protector will fear you three points!"

"My soul clan has a way to deal with you!" Yin Hufa sneered, the black mist slowly disappeared in front of Xiao Yan, and finally turned into a figure shrouded in black smoke. Bloody blood red!

"Huhu."

"It seems that this time, I really have to work hard." Seeing the tyrannical oppression brought by the yin protector in front of him, it turned out that the immortal ghost shrouded in his body couldn't help but feel a trace of fear, Xiao Yan's hands , The khaki-colored Fire Heart Heavenly Rock slowly swept out.

"You are very strong, but the huge gap between your strengths can't be filled no matter what, so... it's time to end." The Yin Protector did not intend to give Xiao Yan a chance to struggle too much, and a dazzling black mist emerged from his body. When he came out, he forcibly lingered around Xiao Yan, forcing Xiao Yan to take a few steps back.

"When I was in Dou Qi Continent, I, Xiao Yan, could destroy all of your soul clan alone. Now that I meet you here, I can naturally." Xiao Yan's mouth cracked into a crazy smile, and he couldn't help saying.

Now I have three holy flames in my hands. After swallowing and refining the undead ghost, I have undead flames. Above the undead flames, they carry a trace of undead flames. Obviously, the holy flames are three-and-a-half colors. Fusion, if you want to obliterate this guy, it should be no problem!

It's just that the most important question right now is how to buy time to integrate the holy flame!

Although the fusion of holy flame is the most tyrannical killer, the helpless flaws are also extremely obvious and time-consuming.

"Dou Qi Continent?"

"It turns out that you are the culprit who destroyed our forces in the lower realm When the Guardian of Yin heard the words, he was shocked.

"The forces of the lower realm disappeared, and the palace master was furious. He was looking for you everywhere, but unexpectedly, I met you."

"It must be a great achievement to take you back."

"That's fine. I will capture you today, strip your soul, and send it to the Palace Master. I believe the Palace Master will be very happy." The Yin Protector exuded a sinister smile.

"Then let's see if you have the ability!" Xiao Yan sneered, then the immortal ghost fighting spirit was urging, Huoxin Tianyan also burst out an extremely tyrannical aura at the same time, ready to meet the enemy.

"In the early days of the Two Star Fighting Immortals, you were able to possess such a tyrannical treasure of heaven and earth. If you let you grow up, it will one day have an impact on the plans of our soul clan."

"It just so happens that we have had grievances and grievances for a long time, so let's resolve them together today."

"Don't worry, there are countless geniuses who have fallen into the hands of our soul clan over the years... You won't be lonely." The Yin Protector smiled and stared at Xiao Yan with his scarlet-hot pupils.

"This guy...doesn't need me to take action..." The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body was a little nervous at this time. Although Xiao Yan grew up watching him along the way, at this moment, the face of It is also inevitable to worry about this tyrannical Samsung Douxian's perfect Yin protector.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм