Chapter 124: Purple Winged Angel?

In the gentle area downstream of the waterfall, Qing Yuan floated in mid-air, and then the sky above Qing Yuan was also covered with dark clouds at this time. The dark clouds all over the sky gathered towards Qing Yuan's head, and lightning flashed and thundered between the dark clouds.

The powerful dark cloud above the sky, after a short period of condensation, a beam of pure white light emerged straight from the cloud, and then irrigated towards the Qing Yuan in mid-air!

The pure white beam of light looks terrifying, but if you examine it carefully, you will find that this pure white beam of light contains a strong pure energy.

"Bang bang bang!"

After the three crisp sound waves, the pure white beam of light whizzed away towards Qing Yuan, then stopped abruptly just before Qing Yuan's forehead, and slowly merged into his forehead. Next, Qing Yuan suddenly grew a pair of wings behind his well-proportioned back!

The slightly slender Qing Yuan, her delicate face has regained a lot of color, her fingers are slightly beating, as if she may wake up at any time, the white wings behind her are like one body with her, living like a fairy descending to earth.

The dark clouds in the sky also slowly disappeared behind the pure white beam of light, as if they appeared only to make this beam of pure white beam land.

Looking at Qing Yuan, who was a little haggard in the air, but was not in serious trouble, Xiao Yan let out a long sigh of relief, and the clenched fist under his sleeve robe was slightly relieved.

After all, the thunder cloud was too terrifying, and Xiao Yan was also afraid that the white beam of light would hurt Qing Yuan, so he couldn't help but see the scene in front of him.

At this time, Qing Yuan was irrigated by Guben Peiyuan Dan and the pure white beam of light from the mysterious dark cloud. Qing Yuan's face that had lost its color due to drowsiness turned out to be slowly rosy, and only the wings behind him were the most conspicuous.

"Wings of Dou?" Xiao Yan immediately thought of this when he saw the wings behind Qing Yuan. However, if you look closely, you will find that Qing Yuan’s wings are different from ordinary Douzhi’s wings. The ordinary Douzhi’s wings can be transformed from the level of Douwang, while Xiao Yan’s Douzhi’s wings are created by the wings of the Heavenly Demon Wind Clan. Do, if the two are compared, its power is naturally Xiao Yan's Dou Zhi is more powerful.

On the other hand, looking at the wings of Dou behind Qing Yuan, it seems to be connected with his flesh and blood, as if he was born with it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You kid, show me a good look!"

"How could this be Dou Zhiyi!" The Golden Dragon King also scolded angrily, then looked at Qing Yuan in the sky and seemed to be thinking about something.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also looked at it carefully, and then found that the wings behind Qing Yuan seemed to be connected with his own flesh and blood, as if they were born. He couldn't help muttering to himself.

"Well, it seems that there is still some introduction." The Golden Dragon King also looked carefully beside Qing Yuan, and then without waiting for Xiao Yan to ask, with a wave of his finger, a small sapling in Xiao Yan's ring appeared out of thin air. in its hands.

"Go!" The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

Xiao Yan didn't say anything when he saw this. His master Jinlong King must have done it in his own way. Xiao Yan also looked around in a distracted and vigilant manner, and then his eyes slowly fell into the air.

The little sapling is impressively the colorful Healing Flower that Xiao Yan got from the bottom of the Ruins Lake!

The colorful Yuyan flower is like a small sapling. The seven flowers of different colors seem to be budding. Although the small sapling is small, Xiao Yan can also feel an extremely powerful and energetic energy from the seven budding flower bones. pure power.

It is strange to say that after the birth of the huge wings behind Qing Yuan, there is no sign of taking it back.

When the colorful Yuyanhua just appeared in the sky and saw Qingyuan, it was like seeing the favorite delicacy, and went straight to Qingyuan.

The colorful Yuyanhua just came to Qingyuan, and happily surrounded Qingyuan. Compared with Xiao Yan's Jinglian Demon Fire, the latter seemed to like the aura of Qingyuan more, and the colorful Yuyanhua was also full of Humanity bowed slightly to Qing Yuan, and after bowing, he went straight to Qing Yuan's jade hand.

A purple flower at the bottom of the colorful Yuyan flower, when it touched Qingyuan's finger, sharply cut Qingyuan's finger, and then a drop of blood red blood dripped to the bottom of the colorful Yuyanhua. on purple flower.

When Qing Yuan's finger was just slashed, there seemed to be a trace of pain, and then the beautiful eyes moved slightly, and then fell silent again, and the finger also quickly healed after a drop of blood.

Qing Yuan's blood had just dripped onto the purple flowers of the Colorful Healing Flowers, so how could Xiao Yan increase the pure flame power of Jinglian Demon Fire on weekdays, and the flowers didn't move at all, as if they had eaten a catalyst. A slow blooming trend.

In just a few minutes, the purple flower of the colorful Yuyan flower slowly shed some leaves, and then slowly bloomed.

The original small sapling plant of the colorful Yuyan flower is extraordinarily beautiful and moving when the purple flowers bloom.

At the moment when the purple flower blooms, a powerful purple energy radiates from the purple flower of the colorful Yuyan flower, like pure and unstained mud, and then the powerful purple energy is smoky toward the blue sky in midair. Yuan's body poured in. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com

The purple energy just poured into Qing Yuan, and the pure white light in Qing Yuan's body was also generous, and then the pure white light and the purple energy slowly merged together.

As time passed by, the colorful Yuyan flower floated in front of Qingyuan, and the purple flower on the bottom was also blooming extraordinarily coquettish.

Qing Yuan had to go through the nourishment of the colorful Yuyan flowers, and then the pair of originally pure white wings on the back also slowly changed towards purple. Within a minute, the wings had already completely transformed into a coquettish and elegant purple.

Following the change in the color of the wings behind her, Qing Yuan Mei's eyes moved slightly, and then opened her eyes.

Qing Yuan, who had just woken up from a deep sleep, obviously hadn't figured out his state yet, so he looked around with sleepy eyes.

"Brother Xiao Yan!" Qing Yuan's crisp voice also sounded.

"How can it be!"

"It's actually a purple-winged angel?" Two completely different voices rang in Xiao Yan's ears.

With the sound of these two voices, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then milky white flames enveloped his body.

Because of the two voices just now, one of them was obviously from his master, the Golden Dragon King, and the other voice made Xiao Yan feel a tremor in his heart!

"I didn't expect it to be a pretty little girl." A silver bell-like voice appeared, and then a woman in blue clothes slowly walked towards Xiao Yan from the dark.

ticket~