Chapter Vol 4 1070: negotiate

With the Demon Extermination Alliance of the Eight Super Sects and the Demon Extermination Ceremony of the Xuanling Royal Family, Xuan Santian was in a turbulent situation at this time, and the situation became extremely tense.

In the domain of the Medusa clan in the lonely desert of death.

"Hoohoo."

"This Xu Shengdan really isn't so easy to refine." In the secret room, Xiao Yan looked at the dragon's eye-sized pill in his hand, and couldn't help but have a smile on the corner of his mouth.

Since the skyrocketing of soul power, Xiao Yan's medicine refining skills have also improved, so although Xu Shengdan is of high rank, he was successfully refined by Xiao Yan.

"Now everything that devours the holy flame is ready."

"The next step is to wait for the blood demon envoy to be killed, and then you can devour the ghost face and soul flame."

"It's just that I don't know to what extent the strength and Fen Jue can skyrocket after swallowing this holy flame." Xiao Yan put away Xu Shengdan and said immediately.

However, Xiao Yan was also very puzzled. This ghost face soul flame can only be used and cannot be swallowed, which made Xiao Yan helpless.

"Oh, well, let's go out first."

"Calculate the time, it should be a month." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he got up and walked towards the secret room.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan's little brother is out?" When Xiao Yan just stepped out of the secret room, a snake figure appeared silently.

"Who?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked when he heard the words, because there was no trace of the source of this voice, which was enough to show the tyranny of his strength.

"Me." With Xiao Yan's voice, the figure slowly walked out.

"Senior Snake King?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan also showed a trace of respect. After all, the Snake King and Shefu were both Cailin's right-hand men, and they did not spare any effort to help him.

"It's good to go out."

"Time lapses slowly in the Chamber of Secrets."

"It's only been about three days now." The Snake King smiled.

"En." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Let's go."

"It's been a long time since you left the customs. There are some acquaintances who need you to meet." Seeing Xiao Yan recovering from his injuries, the Snake King said.

"Senior, lead the way." Xiao Yan said without hesitation.

"Let's go." They looked at each other, and then the Snake King left with Xiao Yan.

The Crystal Palace of the Medusa family.

"Mu Xuzi?"

"Why are you coming to the territory of our Medusa family?" At this time, the old figure of Mu Xuzi slowly appeared here.

"I'm here for two reasons."

"One is for our pavilion master, and the other is for Xiao Yan." Mu Xu said slightly.

"Hahaha."

"joke!"

"Xiao Yan has already left your Burning Incense Pavilion, do you still want to have anything to do with him?"

"And how could Fen Tian's strength appear in our Medusa clan?" Mei Lan hurriedly laughed out among the snake people.

"You can't say it like this." Mu Xuzi said unquestionably when he heard the words.

"Be quiet."

"Mu Xuzi, you'd better tell the story." Seeing that many high-level leaders of the Medusa clan were here, Shefu directly stood up and said something.

The relationship between the Medusa family and the Fenxiang Pavilion is quite good. Many times the Xuanling royal family wanted to completely encircle and suppress the Medusa family, but with the help of the Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Palace Master Wood?" Just when Mu Xuzi wanted to speak, a familiar voice came out.

"Xiao Yan?"

"It's fine." As Mu Xuzi watched Xiao Yan's figure come out, he couldn't help but feel relieved in his pupils.

Obviously, when Xiao Yan retired from the sect, Mu Xuzi felt more or less guilty.

"What happened back then..." Mu Xuzi couldn't help saying.

"Palace Master Wood, I know it all."

"It's alright." Xiao Yan also said with a free and easy smile. He knew that in that situation, it was undoubtedly Fenxiang Pavilion's unfavorable move.

"Since everyone has arrived, let's talk about major events." Shefu also saw Xiao Yan leaving the customs, and immediately said.

"En." As many powerhouses nodded, there was an unusually calm fluctuation in the Crystal Palace.

"What's wrong?" Because Xiao Yan just came out of retreat, he didn't know what happened.

"I'll come first."

"Everyone knows that the Xuanling Royal Family will hold the Demon Extermination Ceremony in the next two days, right?" Mu Xuzi raised his head slightly and said to Shefu.

"This **** **** Xuanling royal family is clearly colluding with the foreign evil clan, but now they use the foreign evil clan as a cover. I really don't know what medicine they sell in the gourd." And when he heard this, Mobal couldn't bear it. Zhu scolded directly, obviously resenting the Xuanling royal family.

"Old Snake, what do you have in mind?" Looking at the people around him who were scolding the Xuanling royal family, Mu Xuzi asked Shefu.

"The Xuanling royal family probably doesn't want to become the public enemy of Xuan Santian. Let's not say whether they have colluded with the foreign evil clan, but they actually have the power of the foreign evil clan."

"With the help of the power of the alien clan, I am afraid that the overall strength of the Xuanling royal family has reached a new height now And according to my guess, the Xuanling royal family is so willing to take out the foreign evil clan to obliterate it, I am afraid that I have found a way that is more powerful than the evil race outside the territory."

"So the Xuanling Royal Family's Demon Extermination Ceremony this time is probably a Longtan Tiger's Den, and it's not easy to break through." Shefu said.

"With our Burning Incense Pavilion as the mainstay, eight demon slayer alliances have been established. When the time comes, they will be wiped out at the time of the Xuanling Royal Family's annihilation ceremony." Mu Xuzi heard the words and said solemnly.

"no."

"Except Wanhua Pavilion and Poison Sect, the other five sects are not very reliable."

"And if the power of the Xuanling Royal Family is too strong, I am afraid that the five sects will withdraw directly when they are in danger."

"When the time comes, you will be alone." Shefu said sharply.

"There is a blood feud with the Xuanling royal family. Now there are only two forces of you and me, plus Wanhua Pavilion and Poison Sect, so in the end, I'm afraid it's just a decisive battle between our forces." Shefu shook his head and said, obviously for The other cases are not too trustworthy.

"This statement makes sense." Mu Xuzi originally wanted to argue, but after thinking about it carefully, the other five sects didn't have much blood and deep hatred for the Xuanling royal family.

"So this time to destroy the demons, our Medusa family will do our best."

"Go back first, wait for us to rectify the strength of the clan, and two days later, we will fight Xuanling Mountain." Shefu also clearly stated his attitude.

"In that case, I will thank you on behalf of the pavilion master." Mu Xuzi said.

"Palace Master Wood, I'll go back with you."

"I haven't said goodbye to many senior brothers." The next moment, Xiao Yan's hearty voice also echoed, and every time he thought of the many disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion, his heart couldn't help but warm.