Chapter Vol 4 1079: Kill the Blood Demons

"Self-destruction?" Hearing Zhu Jin's words, the other powerhouses who were about to start also paused, obviously not knowing why.

"The power of the alien race is too evil. If it were us humans, I'm afraid no one at the same level would be able to beat them."

"And the self-destruction of the extraterritorial evil race is similar to the self-destruction of our human beings, but the power generated is much stronger than our human beings."

"So before they blow themselves up, kill them," Zhu Jin explained.

"Hahaha."

"Blast me!"

"Even if my bloodfiend clan fights to the last soldier, as long as the number of your strong human beings can be greatly reduced, then the war between heaven and earth will strike in the future, and only us will be victorious!" He said very slyly.

"not good!"

"Gorefiend's right guard is also going to explode himself?" The next moment, King Xuanling suddenly discovered something and said.

"Dragon-loving Legion, stop him for me!" King Xuanling shouted, and Qin Tian's nine people mobilized the power in their bodies and went to the right guard of the Gorefiend.

"Crash!" The black evil power on the Gorefiend Right Guard slowly wriggled, and in an instant it was freed from the **** of the silver cage.

"King Xuanling, your ambitions are not small."

"But you're missing something."

"Dare to use my Gorefiend as a bargaining chip, you are the first..."

"Gore Demon Formation Diagram... Xuanling King, give me death!" Just after breaking out of the shackles of the silver cage, the Gorefiend Right Guard seemed to have gone mad, and directly in the palm of his hand, a monstrous evil force appeared. The flag of , blasted away at King Xuanling.

"Damn madman." Seeing this, King Xuanling couldn't help roaring, but he didn't dare to take it lightly and kept stalemate with Gorefiend Right Guard.

"What the **** is this King Xuanling doing?" And some strong people couldn't help but hesitate.

"Everyone, I'd better completely obliterate these extraterritorial evil races first."

"As for the Gorefiend Right Guard, let's leave it to King Xuanling." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, he and the other strong fighting immortals kept running the power in his body, and wiped away the evil races remaining in the silver cage. As for those blood guards who wanted to self-destruct, they turned into powder one by one under the attack of these immortal warriors.

Under the raised altar, Mu Yingying woke up slightly.

"I... where is this?" Mu Yingying fell into a coma temporarily since she was caught by the Xuanling King. After all, the second use of the Holy Flame Spirit was too heavy for her.

"This is the territory of the Xuanling royal family."

"We were arrested by King Xuanling, and the situation is not optimistic." When Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes just turned, a cold voice entered her ears.

"King Xuanling?" Mu Yingying was shocked when she heard it, and her memory emerged, as if she remembered what happened at the beginning.

"Brother!" The next moment, her beautiful eyes swept, but she saw Yan Chi beside her! It's just that the flames at this time are still under control.

"Don't make a sound, the power of this guy's body is too strong and has been controlled. If it wasn't for the power of holy flames in his body, I'm afraid he would have completely fallen." Cai Lin said.

"What exactly is King Xuanling arresting us for?" Mu Yingying heard the words, but she was slightly puzzled.

"I saw it in ancient books."

"Using the blood power of the ten-colored swallowing python can greatly weaken the power of holy flame..."

"I'm afraid that King Xuanling has ruined Zhouzhang so much, in order to use my power to devour you." Cailin's voice was still full of icy coldness.

"What..." At this moment, Mu Yingying's face finally became solemn.

As holy flames, they had to constantly avoid being hunted by humans and other powerhouses as soon as they were born. They finally cultivated to a certain level of strength and could become human beings, but the identity of holy flames could not be escaped after all.

Mixed joys and sorrows!

But at this moment, Mu Yingying shook her head slightly, not even a little bit afraid, but a man with a heavy ruler on his back faintly appeared in her heart.

At every critical juncture, as long as this person is there, Mu Yingying's heart will be extremely quiet, and she also has a very fulfilling sense of security.

"Why are you not afraid at all?" Cai Lin seemed to have noticed Mu Yingying's calm state of mind and couldn't help asking.

"He will come to save us." But Mu Yingying raised her head slightly, looked into the bottomless distance in the darkness, and said.

"Yes, yes." Cailin naturally knew what Mu Yingying said, but she didn't ask any further.

"I'm sorry..." The next moment, Mu Yingying bowed her head slightly and apologized to Cailin, her words were extremely sincere.

"It's okay, no matter what he decides, I will support him." Cai Lin also knew why Mu Yingying apologized and said slightly.

"Really?" Mu Yingying was slightly surprised when she heard the words. After all, Mu Yingying was still reluctant to give up on Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Cailin nodded slightly.

"That's good." Mu Yingying heard the words, but her heart couldn't help but warm, and some tricks came to her mind.

"Now, let's take care of ourselves first."

"The power of the Xuanling royal family, even I can't handle it, even if Xiao Yan came here..." Cai Lin couldn't help shaking her head.

"I know that the Xuanling royal family is too powerful, and I don't want him to come."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But I believe that he will definitely come." Mu Yingying smiled.

"It's a blessing for him to have such a good wife as you."

"But I won't admit defeat." Mu Yingying also laughed.

Cailin seemed to want to say something, but she didn't say anything. It was easier for him, but the one named Xun'er might not be so simple.

After the two of them had finished their conversation, it was peaceful here.

"asshole!"

"What a strong fluctuation!" While King Xuanling continued to deal with the Gorefiend Right Guard, he discovered that this guy's strength could even vaguely threaten him!

You are a genuine one-star Dou Xian Consummation. If you are threatened by this guy, how can you save your face?

"Everyone, let's take action together and kill this demon!" Zhu Jin said as the stronger ones in the Gorefiend were wiped out by these immortal warriors one by one.

Although there is a deep grievance with the Xuanling royal family, in the face of foreign evil clans, they can only temporarily join forces.

"Okay." Dan Gui Ye Qingtian, Wanjianmen and other super sects heard the words, nodded slightly, and went directly to the Gorefiend Right Guard Damn..." The Gorefiend Right Guard saw this. He was besieged by the Ten Great Fighting Immortals for a while, and he knew that today, no matter what, it was a place where he could not escape.

"A group of ants actually want to support a guy with a human face and a beast heart."

"A dignified human being is nothing but a wolf in sheep's clothing!"

"Die!" As soon as the words fell, the flag on the palm of the right guard of the Gorefiend suddenly shattered, and waves of majestic evil power emerged.

"Join us together and kill him!"

"This formation is too powerful. If you add his power, I'm afraid this place will turn into a wasteland in an instant!" King Xuanling said.

"Okay." When the other powerhouses heard the words, they nodded in succession, and then no longer had any reservations. The powerful force of fighting immortals directly surrounded the Gorefiend's right guard.

"Don't kill him, this guy has a high status among the evil races outside the realm, so we can ask for some information." Zhu Jin just opened his mouth, but was directly obliterated by the Xuanling King.

"Let me do it!" The next moment, King Xuanling ignored Zhu Jin's words, and a rather delicate matching sword appeared in his palm, with extremely fast speed, and stabbed directly at the body of the Gorefiend Right Guard.

"Gululu." With King Xuanling's blow, the Gorefiend Right Guard instantly turned into a pile of foam and dissipated in this world!

At that time, the entire Gorefiend clan will be wiped out!

Conspiracy is the most important thing, and the Great Demon Extinguishing Ceremony is simply taken over.

No more today, tomorrow should be the climax