Chapter Vol 4 912: 1 beat 5 emperors!

"These beasts." Lingmengsheng's pupils turned slightly red, even at such a long distance, Lingmengsheng could feel that a strange aura that eroded one's mind emerged from the jet-black chains that pierced through the flames!

At this time, Yan Chi's clothes were already out of shape, and his hair actually grew three meters away for the first time in the world. His whole body was covered by hair, and he couldn't see anything else. It was extremely sloppy!

"Mengsheng." Seemingly feeling Reimusheng's excitement, Xuan Muqing hurriedly took a step forward to hold Reimusheng, and then spoke, filled with worry.

"Don't worry, for you and your two daughters, I won't be brave this time."

"I will go back alive." Looking at the people around him, the madness in Reimu Sheng's eyes was temporarily suppressed.

When Xuan Muqing heard the words, he felt a little relieved, because he was very aware of Lingmengsheng's temper, and Yanchi had a kindness for Lingmengsheng. Achievement, so Xuan Muqing is also afraid that Ling Mengsheng will not care about his life in order to save Yan Chi, when they finally reunite, I am afraid that they will be separated from each other...

"You'd better take care of you first." Elder Xuan seemed to deliberately show Yan Chi to everyone, in order to shock everyone, and at the next moment, on the silver robe of Elder Xuan, a dazzling fiery red power also appeared. appear slowly.

The fiery red power is different from the brilliance of the power of life and death, but that fiery red power can easily erode the power of life and death. It can be seen that the fiery red power is more terrifying than the power of life and death.

"The power of fighting immortals of the fire attribute?" Feeling the power of this dazzling flame, Ling Mengsheng felt that the flow of the power of life and death in his body was slowing down, and he exclaimed directly.

It is also the power of the fire attribute, but compared with the fire attribute of Xuan Lao, Lingmengsheng's fire attribute is nothing short of nothing. The difference is naturally caused by the absolute difference in strength.

"Go." The next moment, the fiery red power above Xuan Lao's silver robe slowly surrounded, and then pointed at Lingmengsheng and his party.

With a flick of his finger, a powerful force slowly emerged and swept away at the crowd.

"Burning Sky Shield!" Ling Mengsheng watched that Elder Xuan attacked the six of them with a random blow, and immediately did not dare to show any slights. On his hands, the dazzling power of life and death, black and white, was instantly displayed. An equally dazzling flame defense formed in front of everyone!

The flame defense shield presents an arc, which just covers everyone in it.

"Small trick of carving insects." Xuan Lao watched his finger-sized flame beam whizzing away, and then Ling Mengsheng tried to stop it, and immediately smiled slightly.

Elder Xuan has absolute confidence in his own strength. Although Lingmengsheng and the others are not weak, they are at best the pinnacle of Emperor Dou. This kind of strength is obviously not in the eyes of Elder Xuan.

"Boom boom boom!" Xuan Lao's flame beam just touched the defensive shield displayed by Lingmengsheng, and suddenly a shattering sound suddenly sounded above the flame defensive shield.

"Damn, so strong?" Feeling this shattered flame defense shield, Qing Lao's face burst into blue, and there was intense anxiety on his eyelids, and he couldn't help jumping.

Even if Elder Xuan is tyrannical, he wouldn't play like this, would he?

You must know that this fellow Ling Mengsheng is a powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Di, and he still possesses Saint Yanzi Fire. He is so tyrannical that he cannot withstand such a simple blow from Elder Xuan. This Elder Xuan's strength is too terrifying!

"Boom boom boom!" The flame beam instantly shattered Reimu Sheng's defense, and then directly hit everyone.

"Retreat!" Ling Mengsheng also realized that his defenses could not stop Elder Xuan, and immediately snorted coldly, and directly used invisible power to retreat a few people!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang bang bang!" Elder Xuan's terrifying flame instantly hit Lingmengsheng, and even if Lingmengsheng had flame defense, he was directly knocked back dozens of meters by the terrifying attack, and only then did he stabilize his figure.

"Pfft." Perhaps it was because Elder Xuan's flame power mixed with the power of Dou Xian was too tyrannical, so Rao Yi Ling Mengsheng's peak Dou Emperor strength couldn't help but recognize a mouthful of blood.

"This immortal man is actually so powerful." Ling Mengsheng's body trembled slightly when he was shocked by Xuan Lao's attack, and said something secretly in his heart.

"Let's join forces."

"Unleash your strongest attack."

"This will be your last chance." Elder Xuan stared lazily at the few people below who had been smashed away by him with a random blow. His tone was full of contempt and disdain.

"This old guy is too mad!" The two elders of Heaven and Earth heard the words, and immediately became slightly angry, and then they exerted all the power of life and death to the limit, obviously wanting to display the fusion of fighting skills.

"Humph!" The old man also snorted coldly, and then he performed the most tyrannical blow all over his martial arts!

And Mu Xuzi and Lingmengsheng also unleashed their most powerful blow.

Only Xuan Mu Qing Bei bit his lips, and stood still, looking at Elder Xuan in the sky with some difficulty.

"Death-killing flames!"

"Huayan Heavenly Hand!"

"Qingtian transforms into a virtual palm!"

"Golden Bell Heavenly King Feng!" A group of five people, four terrifying attacks that were devastating, came out directly, and then everyone exerted a little force, and suddenly burst out at the old Xuan in the sky.

"An ant is an ant after all."

"Die." Elder Xuan looked at these four dazzling attacks, calmly, smiled slightly, and then spoke indifferently.

At the next moment, above the old Xuan's silver robe, a more dazzling flame fighting immortal power emerged.

This dazzling flame fighting immortal power has just emerged, and suddenly the entire space has a dignified heat, UU reading www. uukanshu.com and even the power of life and death within the five people of Lingmengsheng were extremely powerfully suppressed!

"Heavenly Dry Palm." The power of the Flame Fighting Immortal slowly wrapped around his old palm, and he suddenly pushed hard. At that time, Xuan Lao's attack directly hit the four attacks that came towards him.

"Bang Bang Bang!" The flame palm without any bells and whistles lightly hit the four dazzling power of life and death attacks, and then slapped it slightly, and the four attacks gathered by the dazzling power of life and death instantly shattered and turned into nothingness!

At the same time, the power of fighting immortals on the flame palm, with a destructive fluctuation, the speed is skyrocketing, and it whistles directly at the five Lingmengsheng.

"Sure enough." Seeing this scene, Ling Mengsheng felt a hint of helplessness in his heart.

And the other powerhouses are like Lingmengsheng.

"Go to hell." Seeing his attack go towards several people, Elder Xuan's complexion also turned hideous.

Their grievances between the Xuanling Royal Family and Fenxiang Pavilion have already been deep, and now they can kill the people of Fenxiang Pavilion, they are naturally extremely happy.

And just when Elder Xuan's destructive attack was about to hit Lingmengsheng and the others, the space in front of them broke through with a click, and a conspicuous crack appeared instantly.

And with the appearance of this crack, a silver force emerged, and then the terrifying flame of destruction was also dissipated away, and the old Xuan was slightly puzzled when he saw this appearance.

"This sudden guy?"

"who is it?"