Chapter 133: Xiao Yan's gift to Wucheng!

Xiao Yan also quickly adjusted the injury in his body, and then moved his mind to control the trace of soul clone that was far away in the sky.

In the distant Wucheng, a group of people also gathered in a dark secret room.

Wu Huan was sitting on a chair, supported by the man in black before, and there was a man in gray who was equally burly, but his body exuded terrifying fluctuations. If Yueyu was here, then he would definitely Recognized, this is the Lord of Wucheng, a strong five-star Dou Di! Next to them, the head of the Mu family and Muller, there are a few figures, without exception, they all exude a dark grudge, which makes people feel particularly eerie.

In front of these people, there is a familiar figure bound by multiple chains!

Xiao Yan!

"City Lord, you were not there when I arrested Xiao Yan and returned, and then we took him to the back room and imprisoned him. Now that you are back..." Murray also respectfully said to the man in gray. After all, not only It is because he is the Lord of Wucheng, but because he is too close to the people of "that force".

"Well, you did a good job."

"I heard from them that their race blood in the lower realm suddenly disappeared. There is only one possibility, that is, their lower realm race has been wiped out."

"And according to the information I got, you are the only one who came out of the Nether."

"So, tell me, how did your soul clan in the lower realms disappear?"

Xiao Yan, who was a little weak, also frowned when he heard the words, then looked at the many people in front of him and muttered to himself, "How else can I disappear, I will kill them all."

It seemed like an understatement, but it made the people in black behind Wu Huan and some people surrounded by black vindictive shudders shudder, and then stared straight at Xiao Yan, with those eyes that seemed to be able to eat him!

"Damn boy, you actually ruined the good things of our soul clan and cut off the blood power of our lower realm!" The man in black also said viciously.

Their soul clan was also promoted to Dou Di from Dou Qi Continent and came to Dou Di Continent to establish a foothold, but even if they have children and descendants in Dou Di Continent, their blood concentration is not as high as that of the aborigines on Dou Qi Continent.

This is not the most important thing, the most important thing is that they have left some footprints on the Dou Qi Continent, so that the people on the Dou Qi Continent have enough faith in them. On the body, the improvement of strength is like a natural progression, and now without the huge power of belief in Dou Qi Continent, some things of their Soul Race in Dou Di Continent have also become slow!

"damn it!"

"Since the power of faith disappeared, the big people in the clan have been furious. If we can't find the culprit and another huge power of faith, then I think our plan will be postponed again..." The man in black also looked at Xiao Yan hideously. .

The plan that has been planned for so many years has to be suspended in the middle because of a nether kid. This is true!

"Soul Deacon, please calm down. If the power of faith is gone, you can find it again. Although our plan will be postponed, this is a reality that cannot be changed."

"But I'm just curious. According to Deacon Soul, it's already impossible for your lower realm to be promoted to Dou Di. How could this kid in front of you..." The man in gray also stared at Xiao Yan in front of him with interest.

Xiao Yan, who was bound by the chains, found that the dark chains on his body seemed to be constantly eroding the vindictive energy in his body...even his vitality!

This important discovery made Xiao Yan have to pay attention to it again, and what is the power of belief and plan of the so-called soul deacon?

"Nothing is impossible." He suppressed the doubts in his heart, and then spoke slowly.

"It seems that your mouth is really hard, but it doesn't matter if you don't say it. As long as you are dead, then everything will be easy to talk about. Then..." Mueller also said.

Obviously, Mueller is also extremely cruel to Xiao Yan. After all, Mueller has always had some unreasonable thoughts about Yuejia Yueru, and he robbed Crescent Moon Green Fruit for future plans. Now that Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan are so close, he is very heartbroken. Unhappy, and then also Di Ge, staring at Xiao Yan.

"Where's Crescent Moon Cuiguo?" The man in black also asked. After all, this is something as important as inheritance medicine, and it is impossible to say that we will have to rely on this thing to deal with the Fairy Moon in the future.

"I ate it." Xiao Yan also responded.

"Damn it!" The man in black also slowly sensed Xiao Yan's body, a stream of pure energy resembling a crescent moon green fruit, and immediately thought about how to remedy it.

After all, the power of their lower realms and beliefs disappeared, and the big people in the clan were already angry. This time the inheritance medicine has not been obtained, so he can imagine that when he returns to the clan this time, his fate will be...

"Hey, why are you talking nonsense with him, just kill him directly, and then use the soul power to demonize. Since the crescent moon green fruit was eaten by him, it is the same with his blood, so that he can never get away!" Wu Huan He also looked at Xiao Yan fiercely, and then said word by word.

After all, when I went to the depths of the Warcraft Mountains, I just wanted to kill Xiao Yan and obtain the so-called great fortune in him. What I didn’t expect was that not only did I fail, but instead, I used the power of the source to hurt the source, so now it’s also… …

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also quickly calculated in his heart. In this way, as far as Xiao Yan knows, there should be an unspeakable deal or conspiracy between Solomon, Wucheng, Soul Clan and the extraterritorial evil clan Xiao Yan, who was bound by thick chains, also gave up his struggle, and in his heart, dozens of extremely delicate lotus seeds were slowly spinning.

"Hahaha, I haven't seen such a bold boy for a long time. I can feel the unusualness of those flames on your body. After you die, we will laugh at everything." The man in gray also laughed.

"Forget it, let's deal with him as soon as possible, otherwise it would be difficult for us to deal with it if asked." The man in black also said.

"Well." Many unanimous voices appeared in the secret room.

"If that's the case, then I'll send you to hell."

"Remember not to provoke our soul clan in the future, or you will end up in the end."

"Death!" After speaking, the man in gray also laughed, with a particularly gloomy smile, and then the terrifying pitch-black fighting qi in his hand slowly condensed on his palm, and then walked towards Xiao Yan in front of him step by step.

"Then let's die together!"

Xiao Yan in front of him also smiled strangely, and then the terrifying flames exploded. Even the dark chains could not cover up the terrifying power of the flames. A dozen or so beautiful lotus seeds appeared in this small place. Inside the secret room, a wave of death appeared in everyone's heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn!"

"This kid is going to blow himself up!" A startled shout sounded.

ask for a ticket