Chapter Vol 4 2045: Level 2, challenge the titan mammoth

"Tsk tsk... He really is an out-and-out lunatic."

"Holy Flame, the huge soul power, coupled with the soul clone, and even now chooses to absorb the thunder power of the Seven Profound Demon Lightning to strengthen the physical power, this guy is one of the geniuses I have seen throughout the ages. The most terrifying one."

"Even if it is faced by the real pride of the family, I am afraid that they will not be able to obtain much benefit."

"I am afraid that this child will become the Taishan Beidou of the refining pharmacist world in the future." Watching the sky rolling and thunder falling into Xiao Yan's body without a trace, their bodies became stronger and stronger, as hard as a mountain. The old man couldn't help but murmured, his voice was extremely gratifying, it was obvious that even she was ashamed of the talent that this guy showed as an alchemist.

"Boom!" In the sky, Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei were continuously absorbing the Seven Profound Demonic Lightning, and they slowly opened their eyes after a long time, but their aura and strength both skyrocketed a bit.

What's more, Xiao Yan found that Xiao Lei's love for thunder power surpassed most of the power, and I am afraid that when he absorbs some power, it will mutate.

"Give it to me!" The thunder cloud dissipated, and a dark red elixir the size of a longan in the flaming cauldron immediately exuded an endless fragrance, which was alluring.

"Xuuuu." With a roar, the elixir was completely fused, and the current Fengzi Yaodan was finally successfully made in Xiao Yan's hands!

"Want to run?"

"Spirit-devouring blood tablet, suppress me!" Seeing that the medicinal pill had just been fused, a fearful force awakened directly from the medicinal pill itself, and Xiao Yan waved his hand to prevent the spirit of the medicinal pill from reacting. Come here, it is a complete suppression.

"Senior, fortunately not to be humiliated." He took out a good jade bottle, carefully placed the medicinal pills, and immediately walked towards Feng Lao. As for Xiao Lei, he returned to his soul after absorbing the Seven Profound Demonic Lightning. In the sea, it seems that some kind of special transformation is taking place.

"Not bad, not bad, the medicinal pills are of high quality, and you passed the first test." Feng Lao gently took the medicinal pill in Xiao Yan's hand to identify it carefully, and then returned it to Xiao Yan after taking a good breath, and said with a smile.

It has to be said that Xiao Yan's success rate and the quality of his medicinal pills have surpassed him, which makes Feng Lao vaguely ashamed, but Feng Lao is also an experienced pharmacist, and naturally he will not stick to such trivial matters.

"The first time you passed it perfectly, but there is still a second level, so don't be too happy."

"If you fail the second test, the assessment will naturally end in failure." Seeing Xiao Yan's bright smile, Feng Lao poured a basin of cold water down.

"I don't know what the second test is?"

"I also ask senior for guidance." Xiao Yan carefully put away the medicinal pills, and immediately looked at Feng Lao.

"The second level, it's easy to say, but difficult to say."

"The composition of a pharmacist, in addition to the huge soul power, flame, and perception, also requires huge fighting spirit as support."

"After all, every time a high-level pharmacist refines an elixir, it takes at least ten days and a half months, and as many as several months, so strength becomes very important."

"We alchemists have our unique advantages, and we don't need such tyrannical combat power, but we can't be careless about some dangers and power."

"But because of your perfect performance in the first test, I decided to adjust the test difficulty for you." After Feng Lao finished speaking, he couldn't help but laugh.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his head was full of black lines, and he even felt that he might have fallen into Old Feng's scheme.

"The second level of the ordinary pharmacist assessment is to fight against a monster. If you persist for three days, you can successfully pass the level."

"But for you, I hope you can defeat the beasts."

"Don't underestimate this kind of challenge. Once you succeed in the assessment, alchemists of the same level will look at you with admiration, because this is a level hailed as a hell-style assessment by countless pharmacists."

"Imagine that a high-level pharmacist is also a strong man with explosive combat power. That kind of shocking power is really terrifying."

"How is it, do you have confidence?" Old Feng said expectantly.

"What's the benefit of this **** mode?" Xiao Yan asked rhetorically.

He only needs an alchemist medal to participate in the medicine clan festival. If this **** mode is not beneficial at all, Xiao Yan naturally does not need to do these thankless things.

"The benefit is to become the object of respect among countless pharmacists..." Feng Lao deliberately said vaguely.

"Then I..." Xiao Yan said with an unfinished smile.

"I said, boy, don't give it to my mother-in-law."

"That's it." Without waiting for Xiao Yan's approval, Feng Lao's body disappeared instantly, leaving only a malicious smile.

"Sisi." For some reason, Xiao Yan felt a chill in his body and couldn't help shivering.

"This small world seems to be blocked and cannot be accessed?"

"Feng Lao's masterpiece?" Xiao Yan asked in doubt as he fell into the small rock world.

"Boom!" Just when Xiao was puzzled, the whole world suddenly trembled, the ground shook, the mountains and rivers collapsed, as if the world was slowly crumbling.

"What's the situation?" Xiao Yan only felt that the whole world was shaking, and an awe-inspiring touch appeared in his heart.

"I'm sorry, this is..."

"The Taishan Beidou-level overlord in the World of Warcraft, the Titan mammoth???" At the next moment, Xiao Yan walked slowly, but found two white jade stone pillars curved like a crescent moon, and immediately saw an elephant trunk-like The Optimus Pillar appeared in shock, suddenly raised his head, and couldn't help losing his voice.

What was reflected in front of Xiao Yan was a huge face, and there was a lot of laziness in his face. It was obvious that this guy had just woken up from a deep sleep!

Looking back at Duzhao, the rocky place just checked is clearly a vast area on the elephant trunk of the Titan Mammoth!

"Weng buzzing!" At this moment Xiao Yan's pores instantly exploded, and an unprecedented palpitations swept through his heart!

There are many monsters in the World of Warcraft, among which the Titan Mammoth is undoubtedly one of the most representative overlords!

If it is the power of the light wheel, even the power of the ten-colored swallowing python on Cailin's body cannot really fight against it!

The Titan mammoth in front of it is shaped like a giant elephant. It is a hundred meters tall and has four limbs. The strength contained in the thick limbs may be enough to crush countless beasts of the same level. Its head is extremely huge, elephant trunk, Above the ivory, there is an ancient fluctuation, this guy is the best representative of power!

"Boom!" The Titan mammoth shook, shaking its plump body weighing tens of thousands of pounds. Those khaki-colored rocks suddenly shattered, and layers of black fine long hairs emerged!

The rocks just now were just a layer of rock shackles. I’m afraid this guy just didn’t know where to play to be contaminated. At this moment, Xiao Yan’s body was shocked, but the dragon **** in his body did not show anything, involuntarily. , the terrifying aura of the exclusive dragon race is undoubtedly on display!

World of Warcraft giant Titan Mammoth?

But compared to the dragon clan standing at the top of all myriad things, what is it?

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: