Chapter 683: Devour 2 big dead beasts!

After Yinmu underestimated Xiao Yan and was instantly killed by Xiao Yan's holy flame power, Xiao Yan and the others rushed towards the top of the Wuliang Mountain, because the blood cloud on the top of the mountain had been appearing for a long time, and Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan rushed to the top of the mountain. When Yinmu and the two were fighting, a lot of things happened at the top of Wuliang Mountain.

"Sir, did you succeed?" Xiong Jun was the first to rush to the top of Wuliang Mountain. He immediately found that there was a child outside the cave, and immediately spoke to the child.

The real overlord in this Boundless Mountain is the child in front of him, even if it is Xiong Jun, he does not know the true form of this guy, but there is no doubt that this child looks ordinary, but his strength is extremely high, even a bear The strength of Jun Qixing Dou Di in the middle stage could not be beaten either.

The child is about 30 feet tall and has short hair, but the clothes are extremely sloppy. The most conspicuous thing is that this child has golden hair!

"Well, it's still a little bit." The golden boy grinned, then stared at the three of Xiong Jun and smiled maliciously.

I don't know what this golden boy means, but Mr. Xiong only felt that being stared at like this made his whole body feel bad!

"It's still a little bit?" The golden boy said this, and the night cat and the two-headed Yalong suddenly shrank their eyes, because they felt a dangerous fluctuation from the two giant cauldrons not far behind the golden boy. .

"What is that..." The two-headed Yalong's body was a two-headed beast at this time, and when his eyes focused behind the golden child, he immediately panicked.

"That's the magic core and blood essence." The night cat slowly came to the golden child at this time, and then stared fiercely at Lord Bear and the two-headed Yalong.

"Magic core?"

"Essence and blood?" Shuangtou Ya heard the words, and a bad feeling spread all over his body.

"Night cat, what do you mean?" But the next moment, Mr. Xiong said with a little anger in his bear eyes.

"It's almost time."

"Mr. Xiong, the two-headed Yalong, do you know what I am?" Looking at the increasingly bright blood cloud in the sky, a dangerous aura filled the air, and then the golden child suddenly laughed.

I don't know why, being stared at by the golden boy like this, Xiong Jun and the two-headed Yalong suddenly felt a chill in their hearts, as if they had a bad premonition.

"I don't know." Xiong Jun stopped the two-headed Yalong, and then said slowly.

"Actually, my birth still had to benefit from the mystery of this Luoling Mountain."

"This Luoling Mountain was originally the place where the ghost world and the Xuantian powerhouse fought, and there are countless auras left after the fall of the powerhouses, but since most of the Xuantiantian powerhouses have fallen here, there is no ghost aura, in other words. In other words, the ghost energy has been eliminated by Xuan Santian's powerhouse."

"And my birth, you may not believe it when I say it, but I also feel strange about it. It is thanks to the breath of ghosts and Xuantian three powerhouses."

"Even if the powerhouses of Xuantian San and the powerhouses of Burning Incense Pavilion eliminated the ghost qi in Luoling Mountain, they didn't expect that there would still be a trace of ghost qi left behind, and this ghost qi was clearly one of the ghosts in the ghost world. The ghost emperor stayed, combined with the residual power of some fallen powerhouses in Xuan Santian, and I was born." The golden child spoke slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How could it be possible..." As soon as he finished speaking, Mr. Xiong said with disbelief on his face.

Their Luoling Mountain, plus the dead beasts in the three major mountain ranges in Luoling Mountain, all came from this, but they did not include righteousness and ghosts.

Either it is a dead beast condensed from ghost qi, with a cold and cruel nature, or it is a condensed righteousness of a strong person who has fallen from Xuantian Santian, and its nature is kind.

"Our dead beasts were born because of the mystery of Luoling Mountain, but I was born with a combination of ghost energy and righteousness. After my birth, I kept thinking, how do we exist?"

"Is it a monster?"

"Or a soul?" The golden boy asked in a stunned look.

"But as I got to know Luoling Mountain more and more deeply, I found that these are not the case."

"Our birth is due to the spirit of Luoling Mountain."

"We are the same as the monsters in the outside world. This is all thanks to the spirit of Luoling Mountain, but it is also the reason for this spirit of Luoling Mountain. We have been unable to go out of Luoling Mountain."

"But after years of hard work, I finally got a glimpse of the secret."

"As long as we rely on all the dead beasts and blood essence of Luoling Mountain, we can forcibly summon the spirit of Luoling Mountain. At that time, relying on the beasts and blood essence of the entire Luoling Mountain, I will have a battle with the spirit of Luoling Mountain. If I win, I will be able to break through the shackles here..." The golden boy said word by word, but the ecstasy in his voice could not be concealed!

"Damn, I didn't expect you to have such a greedy conspiracy." Seeing this, Lord Xiong was secretly surprised, and he was also wary of the golden child.

"Now, almost all the monsters and blood of the dead beasts in the entire Luoling Mountain are already here."

"However, it's still a little worse." The golden boy said slowly, and after speaking, his eyes slowly stared at Mr. Xiong, and a killing intent emerged!

"Not good!" In just a short moment, Mr. Xiong realized something and was suddenly shocked.

"Night Cat, do you know what to do?" The golden boy said to the night cat beside him, and then the night cat nodded secretly with his eyes and wisdom.

"Yarong, run!" Lord Xiong called out suddenly.

In this Boundless Mountain, Xiong Jun can only trust the two-headed Yalong. After all, the two are considered to be inseparable friends, so Xiong Jun said without hesitation.

"It's too late!" The night cat saw this, and countless cat shadows around him appeared illusory and attacked them!

"Night Cat, the two of us rescued you just now, so you treat us like this?"

"Don't you know what kind of personality this guy has?"

"If you did things for him like this, I'm afraid you didn't even know that he was killed that day." Xiong Jun said with a sullen face.

"Retreat, let me come." The golden boy didn't intend to do it, but when he heard Mr. Xiong's words, he immediately frowned and said instantly.

"It's troublesome now."

"We have to work hard, this guy's strength may have reached the eight-star Dou Di, otherwise we won't even have a chance to escape here!" Xiong Jun turned his head and said to the double-headed Yalong.

When the double-headed Yalong heard the words, his mind immediately condensed. Because of the strength of this golden child, even if he was not far away, he felt an inexplicable pressure!

"Give up resistance." The golden boy said slowly, and then his mouth opened instantly, and he suddenly devoured the place where Mr. Xiong and the two-headed Yalong were located!

"Shabu!" The terrifying sound of breaking the wind rang directly, and then the bear and the two-headed Yalong reacted and were immediately swallowed by the golden child!

"Hehe, you think you don't know the little tricks of the two of you. It's useless for me."

"Die!" the golden boy laughed.

Since being swallowed by the golden child, Mr. Xiong and the two-headed Yalong suddenly charged up and tried to escape from the golden child's belly by themselves, but they did not expect that the golden child had already known about the two of them. idea!

"Boom boom boom!" Strange power surged out of the golden child's body in an instant, and then directly submerged into Xiong Jun's body. The next moment, the eyes of the two were filled with incredible expressions!

"How can it be……"

"This guy actually spied on the power of the spirit of Luoling Mountain..." The surprised surface of the two solidified on their expressions, and the next moment, they fell directly!

Ask for tickets!