Chapter 146: Mysterious 3-day rule!

In a room of the "Ferry Boat", there were exactly ten people, no more or no less, and ten people were sitting slowly.

Hu Du sat cross-legged, in the center, and around him, Xiao Yan, Yue Ru, and other nine favored sons who were led to Xuan Santian together, all sat cross-legged around Hu Du.

Xiao Yan and Yueru sat down and looked at each other immediately, apparently not knowing what Hu Du was going to tell them this time.

Around Xiao Yan and Yueru, the rest of the people were also at a loss, and immediately looked at Hu Du with all eyes on them.

"According to the current speed of our "ferry", within a month, we will be able to reach Xuantian San..."

"So some things have to be notified to you in advance, so as not to make a fool of yourself."

"Do you guys know about Xuan Sansan?" Hu Du would warn them every time he invited people from various places to Xuan Sansan. Although this was not a time when he had to do as a messenger, Hu Du felt it was necessary. Let’s talk about science with these guys who have never set foot in Xuan Santian before.

Everyone shook their heads in unison.

Hu Du sighed, obviously he already knew the result, so he was not surprised, and then said: "Xuanling Continent is a quarter of the entire Dou Di Continent, although the Xuanling Continent is the largest in the Sifang Continent. Weak point..."

"But Xuanling Continent also has its proud heritage!"

"That's Xuan Santian!"

"A place that brings together the real peak powerhouses and sectarian forces on the Xuanling Continent."

Xiao Yan also frowned when he heard the words. Obviously, Xuansan Sansan is likely to be a place where the Crouching Tiger and Hidden Dragon are located. After all, from the information that he knew before, how could he be weak if he could be close to the strong fighting immortals?

"The area above our Xuanling Continent is also vast. For example, there are countless places like your seven major cities, which are far from what you can imagine. And all the sects in the Xuantian three days will send messengers to the Xuanling Continent every year. Enrollment in various places is for the sake of fresh blood, and it is also for the purpose of finding good seedlings for training."

"After all, our Mysterious Spirit Continent has finished five times in a row in the Quartet Martial Arts held every 50 years..." Hu Du also continued.

"What is Sifang Huiwu?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

"The so-called Sifang Huiwu is the duel between the four continents on the Dou Di Continent to determine the ranking. The level of this ranking determines the quite precious cultivation resources..."

"Cough, cough, these are still too far from you. What you have to do now is to join the sect first." Hu Du also almost caught Xiao Yan's words, and hurriedly stopped.

Everyone also nodded thoughtfully. Obviously, what the host said gave them some new understanding.

"Okay, then let's get down to business." Hu Du also took a sip of the tea next to him and smiled.

After talking for a long time, Hu Du also felt thirsty, so he sipped a few sips of tea, glanced at the crowd, and then said slowly: "I have to tell you, although you are the favored sons of heaven in the seven cities, but I am the messenger who led you to Xuantian San, but this does not mean that you can truly join the super sect within Xuan Santian."

As soon as Hu Du said these words, everyone's originally excited mood became silent.

"On the Xuanling Continent, for example, there are hundreds of thousands of places in your seven major cities, and each place has a group of not weak heaven's favored sons, so those favored sons in other places will also be picked up by others. If so, there are thousands of people who want to join the super sect within the Xuantian three days."

"These people are like you, and they are the best in every place on the Xuanling Continent."

"So in order to cope with this situation, all the super sects in Xuan Santian have jointly formulated a rule for those of you who want to join the sect."

"After you arrive at Xuan for three days, everyone will be registered with a series of physical strength, soul strength, physical strength, etc., and then they will be divided into five levels according to the comprehensive quality of these items." Hu Du After speaking, he paused for a while, obviously giving everyone a chance to react.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he frowned. Obviously, there must be a reason for this to be divided into five levels.

Feng Yi heard the words, and the silent crowd also said, "Senior, is there any difference between these five grades?"

"Naturally there is a difference. The fifth level is from one to five, and the fifth level is the highest. Although these five levels will not give you any rewards, these five levels have a lot to do with the selection before you join the sect. Evaluation. The higher the level, the stronger its potential and the more attention it will receive from the super sect."

"Since the number of people who want to join the super sect every year is too large, so you people will have a selection before joining the super sect after reaching Xuan Santian."

"On the one hand, it is to eliminate some people who are indiscriminately trying to fish in troubled waters, thereby greatly reducing the number of people. On the other hand, it is to select elites who are truly worthy of training."

"And these five levels are also directly related to the selection of you reaching Xuan Santian, so don't hide it when you reach Xuantian inspection." Hu Du also saw Xiao Yan's intentions. Concealing his own strength, he spoke.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also smiled helplessly. Joining a super sect is really not easy.

"The selection mode changes every year Sometimes it's fighting, sometimes it's a points system, etc. It's different every year, but no matter which mode, the elimination rate is as high as half. That is to say, between you, half or more of the people will be eliminated..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If you are eliminated, then you will lose the qualification to join the super sect, and you have to go back the same way..." After Hu Du finished speaking, the room became quiet.

Everyone frowned slightly, apparently not expecting that the selection would be so strict.

"And after the selection, the top ten will have extra rich rewards, and they can also choose to join the super sect, so you should work hard." Hu Du also looked at a few people like a child. These nine people Among them, only Xiao Yan made him feel a little different. It seemed that he always felt that this kid would shine in the selection process. After all, the soul power of the emperor realm is quite rare.

"But if you don't pass the selection, it is inevitable that some powerful sects will take a fancy to them, and you can join their sects with reluctance, but this possibility is too small, unless you have special skills or special physiques." Hu Du also Looking at the Berserker Sun Ming and Wang Zhong with great interest, it was obvious that this was what they were saying.

The two also smiled lightly when they heard the words, obviously they didn't take Hu Du's words to heart, because they also knew that Hu Du was also good for them, but the two also had their own pride. After all, if they couldn't even pass the selection, then What about joining a super sect?

Ask for a recommendation!