Chapter 454: The Black and White Emperors in the Charming Snake Tribe!

"Cough, cough..." Mei Ye quietly lay on the ground, and then glanced at the snake man not far away with some difficulty!

That is his own daughter!

After a little hesitation, he directly swallowed the healing medicine given by the mysterious old man!

Just after swallowing it, an extremely pure power flowed through Mei Ye's limbs, and Mei Ye felt that her strength was recovering quickly.

Among the snake people, due to racial reasons, the rare profession of alchemist cannot be born. In addition to the hostility with humans, the snake people have always been extremely scarce for medicinal herbs.

"Daughter...Are you alright?" Mei Ye regained some strength, got up and returned to human form, and then walked towards the unconscious snake man on the ground!

"The complexion is stable, the pulse is normal..." Mei Ye opened her mouth slightly after investigating carefully.

As the girl was fine, Mei Ye's heart was put down!

It is said that a loving mother holds a thread in her hand, a wandering child wears her clothes, her children suffer and suffer, and it is the parents who feel the most distressed.

Mei Ye hugged the girl gently, and then walked towards the tribe's base camp, whispering in the corner of her mouth: "How can there be so many mysterious powerhouses breaking into our Medusa clan..."

"The soul power of the woman just now was so terrifying, I am afraid she has reached the emperor realm..."

"The location of the temple..."

"What are these humans doing?"

"No, this matter must be told to the nine major tribes as soon as possible... Otherwise, a nine-star fighting emperor and two eight-star fighting emperors are no joke!"

After Mei Ye finished speaking, he quickened his pace, but beside him, two forces, one black and one white, silently swept across the place where Mei Ye passed, chasing after the three Ye Mo who quickly fled!

"Old Ye, why are you here?" In the sky, Mu Chenfeng said slightly.

"Because I'm worried."

"Although your kid's strength and temperament are quite good, after all, this is the nine major tribes of the Medusa family, and the strong are like clouds." Ye Mo said.

Hearing this, Mu Chenfeng couldn't help feeling warm.

No matter what he said, this old Ye was the deputy head of the Dragon-loving Legion, and he was well-mannered and loved by the people of the Xuanling royal family.

The three of them hid their figures, and just when they were preparing to escape from the tens of meters of city wall of the Charming Snake Tribe in the sky, an accident occurred.

"Be careful... I feel that two extremely terrifying auras are rapidly approaching us..." The silent core said.

Yaoxin, ranked ninth in the Dragon Addiction Legion, a strong person in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, but her other identity is... a second-rank Emperor Rank alchemist!

"Hehe, I didn't expect even the two of you to be alarmed." Ye Mo heard the words and took off the cloak that was covering his face, revealing a rather handsome face.

With clear corners of the eyes, thick eyebrows, small eyes, and a rather curved mouth, even Ye Mo's face is still as handsome as he used to be!

"Hmph, I think who has the courage to break into our Charming Snake tribe, it turns out to be an old man like you." A dissatisfaction instantly appeared in the sky.

With the appearance of this voice, all the snake guards on the city walls guarding the Charming Snake Tribe raised their heads.

"This... is actually a black and white emperor!"

"These two are the killers of our Charming Snake Tribe..."

"Although the strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor is only complete, but the two join forces, I am afraid that the ordinary nine-star Dou Emperor will not be able to eat and walk around!" The snake guards patrolling above the city wall kept talking.

There seems to be only a slight difference between the Eight Star Dou Emperor Consummation and the Nine Star Dou Emperor, but there is a world of difference between the two!

"Humph!"

"Old man, this time, I broke into my Charm Snake tribe without authorization, and injured my tribe's deputy leader. I don't know how to settle the account this time?" The old woman took a step slowly, and the sky-shattering aura instantly emerged, almost pressing Ye Mo.

"Just follow orders." With a wave of Ye Mo's palm, he immediately dissipated the invisible coercion of the female old man.

"Haha, after hundreds of years, you have actually stepped into the Nine-Star Dou Emperor..." The male old man on the side said with some envy.

"Remember when we fought a hundred years ago, the two of you were already eight-star Dou Emperors, but now you have only broken through to the level of 8-star Dou Emperor consummation. It seems really..." Ye Mo shook his head and did not continue.

"Sometimes I really envy some of the unique advantages of your human beings." The old male said.

Although the words are not finished, Ye Mo is clear!

Human beings are uniquely endowed by nature. Since ancient times, there have been many talents in the cultivation line, and there are many people who finally reach the peak of power. However, for snake people or Warcraft, the promotion of strength is tantamount to reaching the sky, and Warcraft has been around since ancient times. Being bound by the heavens and the earth, every breakthrough and evolution will lead to a huge catastrophe!

Under the calamity, there is no life!

A piece of ashes!

This can be seen from the fact that the peak powerhouse of the Golden Dragon King almost fell under the calamity.

"Although the strength of the two of you is only a complete eight-star Dou Di, I won't take it lightly."

"So... be careful!" After Ye Mo finished speaking, the terrifying power of life and death instantly emerged, and an aura that made both black and white emperors feel uneasy filled their hearts.

"Elder Ye's strength is really getting more and more terrifying..." Yaoxin and Mu Chenfeng looked at each other, and directly opened some distance, so as not to be affected by the fluctuation of their battle.

"I fought with the two of you a hundred years ago. I don't know if I insist on leaving today. What do you two think?" Ye Mo said, with a very arrogant aura in his voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Humph!"

"Break into my Snake Tribe without permission, kill without mercy!" The old female shouted angrily, and the next moment, the monstrous aura of the black and white emperors burst out!

"Actually, I vaguely touched the threshold of the Nine Star Dou Di. With time, I'm afraid your Charming Snake Tribe will give birth to two supreme powers." Ye Mo looked at the black and white fighting spirits on the two of them and said.

The two emperors, black and white, refer to the two powerhouses in the Charming Snake Tribe!

The two of them, a man and a woman, had a tacit understanding since childhood, and they knew how to strike together.

The black and white fighting qi on the two of them is not the power of life and death, but the fighting qi that they have cultivated from each other!

They are all cultivated by the poisonous fighting qi of the snake people, but the fighting qi they cultivated has mutated, so it is now black and white!

"Why don't you leave!" Just as the Black and White Emperors and Ye Mo were at a stalemate, a slightly coercive voice echoed directly in everyone's ears.

With this echo, an extremely ugly face appeared in the pupils of the black and white emperors, even on their faces.

"Xuan... King Xuanling!" The black and white emperors felt the flame-like red fighting energy, and the next moment, they blurted out abruptly!

"Let's go!" Ye Mo heard the words, and immediately stopped talking to the black and white emperors. He took Yaoxin and Mu Chenfeng by his side and skipped the tens of meters high Charming Snake tribe city wall, and then disappeared without a trace. trace!

"King Xuanling!"

"What the **** are you doing!" Both the black and white emperors were furious, but this King Xuanling was already a strong nine-star fighting emperor, and he didn't know how many turns he stepped into, adding that Ye Mo!

Two nine-star fighting emperors!

With such a lineup, I am afraid that many sects in the entire Xuantian Santian will not be able to come up with it!

"It's just a matter of time." After speaking, King Xuanling's voice disappeared instantly.

At the same time, outside the Charming Snake Tribe, King Xuanling suddenly opened his eyes, then sat up and patted the dust on his body: "Let's go."

"I already know the location of the temple."

Ask for tickets!