Chapter Vol 4 1647: One-sided relationship!

As the news of the immortal fire spread out, there were countless realms in Li Soul Realm, and many forces were fighting for it.

Reckless Desolate Ghost Abyss.

This is located in the center of the boundary of the five major academies. The ground here is filled with gloomy white bones and the atmosphere is desolate. It is obviously the battlefield of the battle between Li Soul Territory and the evil race from outside the territory. Treasures of the fallen.

And here, it looks like a rather vast plain, but at this time, in this wild ghost abyss, the gloomy aura was completely replaced by a blood-red aura.

This blood-red aura was filled with extremely hot fluctuations, like the scorching sun in the sky, releasing terrifying power all the time.

"It's almost there." In another place, Xiao Yan left the Earth Spiritual Institute alone, and immediately used the guidance of the intelligence to head towards the Wilderness Guiyuan, but the journey was far away, and it took Xiao Yan several days.

"Weng buzzing!" A hot white light emerged, the space channel was instantly shattered, and Xiao Yan's body abruptly stayed in the mid-air of this wild ghost abyss.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan had just arrived here, and the power of two holy flames in his body was involuntarily attached to his body, releasing a dazzling fighting intent to stare at the blood-red aura in this world. The awns, even the undead leaves and the undead finches have undergone some subtle changes.

"With such fluctuations, it seems that the immortal fire is real." Looking at this scene, coupled with the fluctuation of the power in the body, Xiao Yan was also completely sure that the news of the immortal fire was true, and a trace of relief could not help but emerge from the corner of his mouth.

"However, in such a vast space here, where is the place where the undead fire came..." Looking at this space, Xiao Yan fell into deep thought for a while.

"Forget it, go to the center first to see where there is the most extreme power of flame, and there seems to be the aura of other powerhouses." As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan fell to the ground, and easily faced the center of the Wild Guiyuan. go.

"Squeak." Xiao Yan's front feet had just left a distance of tens of meters. Suddenly, the void where Xiao Yan was at the beginning trembled in an instant, and completely collapsed in an instant. Suddenly, a man with a monstrous aura stepped out with one foot. .

"It's a little late..." The man just appeared, and he looked at the place where Xiao Yan left, and muttered to himself.

This man, with a human appearance, is quite refined, like a weak scholar, but the aura hidden in the deepest part of his body is not weaker than any strong person, and even this guy's strength may have reached the eight-star fighting immortal. Among them, and this guy is a powerful demon in the demon world, a black dragon wolf.

"The Fen Jue cultivator that the lord said to be looking for should be here, but with the method that the lord gave me, I can only confirm that his aura already exists in the wild ghost abyss at this time, and it is impossible to be specific. ." Heisha Longlang shook his head.

It has been a long time since Heisha Longlang left the demon world and entered the ghost world. First, this guy is looking for some magical medicine to restore the power of the demon emperor, and secondly, he is looking for Fen Jue practitioners, so time has been delayed again and again, and now the medicinal materials are gathered, so Directly relying on his own strength, he came here. As long as he finds the practitioner of Fen Jue, then this trip to the ghost world can be considered a complete success.

"Here... there seems to be some aura, go up and take a look." The next moment, the Heishan Longlang raised his palm and grabbed the obscure aura in the air. This aura was left behind by Xiao Yan's two holy flames just now.

"This is... holy flame?"

"Sheng Yan... Fen Jue, I've finally found it!" As soon as he finished speaking, the black fiend dragon wolf shuddered suddenly, and immediately his body exploded, chasing directly towards the direction where Xiao Yan left.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan walked calmly on the flat ground, while thinking about how to successfully subdue the undead fire this time, but the soil, sand and gravel all over his body shook uncontrollably.

"Shabu Shabu!"

"What is this?" Immediately, a dark green light filled the thousands of meters of space around Xiao Yan, and the entire space was completely blocked!

"This is the realm?"

"Are you still looking for a strong man in Li Hunyu..." Xiao Yan's heart was condensed, and he said with a heavy face, two holy flames in his body, Fen Jue and many other means, ready to be used at any time.

Because of the induction of Xiao Yan's soul power, this guy's strength is probably at the lowest level of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. In addition to this mysterious and unpredictable field, a strong sense of crisis swept his heart.

Even from this seemingly bland dark green field, I could smell a terrifying force comparable to that of the Soul Eater Lord's Devouring Realm.

"Huhuhu!" At the next moment, in the dark green field of thousands of meters, a figure wrapped in dark green light beams shot at Xiao Yan with the momentum of thunder, and there was a heart-throb in his palm strong fluctuations.

"Dragon God's first transformation!"

"The Third Transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Swallowing the flames!" Xiao Yan looked nervous when he saw this. He used all the means thoroughly, and immediately raised his breath to the level of a half-step five-star fighting immortal.

Xiao Yan's current strength is already in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. After using Yan Yan to increase his strength by two and a half stars, he has only reached the half-step five-star Fighting Immortal level.

It's just that even Xiao Yan, in this dark green space, staring at this strange man, there is a deep fear in his body!

"Hula!" The dark green figure saw this, but it didn't mean to hold back, the figure was like a ghost, and the attack fell in front of Xiao Yan in an instant.

"Resist me!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, the pores all over his body shrank suddenly, blue veins burst out, and his pupils were filled with madness.

"Weng Om!" At this time, the khaki and cyan holy flames directly wrapped Xiao Yan completely, like a flame elf.

"It seems that it is this guy for sure." In an instant, the dark green figure slowly dissipated and stood quietly beside Xiao Yan. Even those dark green auras were slowly repairing and restoring Xiao Yan's aura~www. mtlnovel.com ~ What power is this? "

"It's not a grudge, nor a ghost, it seems to be a bit domineering..." Seeing the dark green powerhouse in front of him act like this, Xiao Yan was at a loss.

"Crack!" With a sound, something in Xiao Yan's body seemed to be provoked, a touch of black power, like a sleeping king, slowly awakening.

"Little guy." The light voice, like a master, resounded in the dark green field.

"Teacher..." Xiao Yan was covered in a dark green halo, looking at the black light, he couldn't help but speak.

"Master of Soul Eater?"

"This guy, his status is not low."

"It's just a mere clone, but it can't resist me, and I don't have any ill will towards this guy, just to prove something."

"Disappear." Seeing this, the dark green man naturally realized something and muttered slightly. After a while, he raised his palm, and a more domineering dark green halo was displayed. was dissipated away.

"Guru."

"This guy...just where is it sacred?" Xiao Yan did not act rashly, swallowed hard, and then looked at the dark green man in front of him with a complicated expression.

Before the Master of Soul Eater left, he obviously left some life-saving means on himself, and the energy clone was one of them. .

However, this energy clone also possesses the power of the Soul Eater, the Seven Star Fighting Immortal. This guy can kill him so easily, so is it not the strength of this guy, but...

Eight-star fighting immortal?