Chapter Vol 4 868: You Zun, Ming Zun!

"Double Netherworld is awake?" Yutu exclaimed, his face also became ugly!

They don't know how strong the Nether Twins are in combat. What they know is that both Netherworld twins are comparable to the peak of human fighting emperors, and Fairy Moonlight is a powerhouse who is about to break through the three-star Douxian, Fairy Moonlight. Being so powerful, they actually fell into the hands of the two of them, so it is absolutely impossible to look at these two ghosts with normal eyes!

The two of them were able to kill Fairy Moonlight with the strength of Dou Di's peak, it must have been a result of it!

"It's too late!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then the black heart that was continuously purified and eliminated by the two-color holy flame suddenly burst out with a very bright evil aura!

The evil aura suddenly spread like a drop of water falling on the water surface, instantly breaking free from Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying's holy flame power.

"Crash!" The power of holy flame was instantly expelled by the huge evil power, and at the same time, around the two black hearts, a steady stream of evil black energy instantly radiated from them!

That aura is more sinister and cunning than the ghosts in the ghost world, and it is extremely evil!

"So strong!" Xiao Yan stared at the two hearts and those evil auras in the purple cage with an ugly expression.

"Are you still awake..." When Cang Yue heard this, she slowly shook her head. Obviously, she had expected this scene.

"You already knew?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking, looking at Cang Key who was still calmly attacking the silver moon bow.

"That's right."

"Although the holy flame is a deadly threat to the evil races outside the territory, don't forget that the evil races outside the territory are also extremely sensitive to the holy flame."

"But it's fine."

"It's just a little troublesome at best." After Cang Key finished speaking, he couldn't help but increase his power transmission.

At this time, in the purple cage, a very strange phenomenon appeared.

"Gulugulu!" Strange voices continued to pour out, and then a wave of evil power continued to emerge, wrapping two hearts in a short period of time.

"Susu..."

"It's actually two holy flames..." After a while, one of the black figures, Youzun, who was surrounded by evil aura, said.

The black figure is called You Zun, and the gray figure is Ming Zun.

"Big brother, why are there two holy flames here?"

"It's a strange time," said Ming Zun, another gray figure also surrounded by evil power.

"do not know."

"But the strength of these two holy flame owners is too weak..."

"So, for the big plan of our alien race!"

"Kill them at all costs!" The dark figure You Zun finished speaking, and the power of evil erupted in an instant.

"Boom boom boom!" The black evil power in the sky directly confronted the purple cage!

"what……"

"This thing is still extremely strong." You Zun immediately wondered when he saw that his evil power was actually stopped by the purple cage.

"Xiao Yan!"

"Go ahead, absolutely can't let them leave the amethyst cage!"

"Buy some time for me!" Cang Yaobei bit her lip. At this time, she had no other choice but to rely on Xiao Yan and the others!

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan scolded secretly after hearing this.

The two black figure Youzun and the gray figure Mingzun in front of them are amazingly the two ghosts!

This is comparable to the peak powerhouse of the human Dou Emperor, but Cang Yue can see Xiao Yan as a mere six-star Dou Emperor!

"We have holy flame, which can greatly weaken their strength, and I can feel that her attack is extremely tyrannical. If so, maybe there is a chance of a fatal blow!"

"Try it!" The next moment, Mu Yingying spoke slightly.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan heard the words and knew the seriousness of the matter, so he didn't dare to hesitate, otherwise, once the time was missed and the two Netherworlds broke through the amethyst cage, I'm afraid that waiting for them would be extremely miserable.

"I'm here to help you!" Seeing this, the demon whale on the side jumped up suddenly. As for Yutu, he took Yueru to hide. After all, Yueru is the inheritor chosen by Fairy Moon, and Yutu must ensure her safety. .

"Xiao Yan, you can't have anything to do." The hall was extremely wide, so Yueru and Yutu both stepped back a great distance, and Yueru said worriedly.

"Don't worry, little guy."

"Although the strength of the two of them is weak, Sheng Yan has an indescribable destructive power and suppression to the evil races outside the territory, so they will not have to worry about their lives."

"And with the Demon Whale and Cang Key here, there will never be an accident for them." Yutu immediately comforted.

"Yeah." Yueru heard the words, although she knew it in her heart, her fingers still lightly touched the inheritance rune on her forehead. If Xiao Yan and the others suffered any loss, Yueru would also take action by forcibly triggering the inheritance rune!

Inheritance is strong and precious, and it is not as important as the tall figure who helped his father back then. What Xiao Yan didn’t know was that since the time he helped Yueru’s father to get rid of toxins, a kind of seed called love has been in Yueru. It took root and sprouts in the heart, not to mention the series of things that happened in the later points plundering competition to make this seed take root and sprout.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Holy Flame!"

"Feng!" Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying glanced at each other at the same time, and then the bright source of holy flame poured out directly and gathered towards the purple cage!

This time, the source of holy flame used by the two did not use the power of holy flame, so the source of holy flame was not driven away by the power of evil like the power of holy flame before!

Sheng Yan, according to what Xiao Yan knows so far, is four things.

The power of holy flame is the flame of holy flame, and the source of holy flame is brighter and stronger than the flame of holy flame. It is a powerful fighting skill inherent in the Holy Flame, and its strength will increase with the strength of the owner of the Holy Flame!

The source of holy flame seems to be attached to the purple cage, firmly besieging the two ghosts.

"Holy Flame Crystal!" After a while the two of them called out. At that time, a fiery red Holy Flame Crystal and an azure Holy Flame Crystal appeared in their hands.

With the appearance of the holy flame crystal, the power of the source of the holy flame has skyrocketed, and in a short period of time, the evil power of the ghost twins was suppressed to the death.

"The two holy flames are really strong..."

"But the two of you are too weak to exert the power of Holy Flame."

"so……"

"Go to hell!" The dark figure suddenly smiled strangely.

As soon as he finished speaking, a very small black energy instantly fell off the black figure, and then, under the stunned eyes of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, it directly penetrated the purple cage and Xiao Yan's holy flame power, suddenly Hit Xiao Yan and come!

"Strange, how can this attack smell like a bright moon..." The demon whale stood aside, he couldn't help, he had to guard Xiao Yan, but when he saw the black qi attack launched by Youzun, that one The fleeting silver was caught by the Demon Whale.

"Damn!" Xiao Yan scolded, but he was vigilant in his heart. This seems to be a very small attack, but only when Xiao Yan faced it, did he know that such a small attack might be comparable to a peak powerhouse. 's full blow!

This guy clearly wants to kill himself!

However, just when Xiao Yan was about to start his defense, something in Xiao Yan's body slowly moved.

Tickets at the beginning of the month

Ask for a monthly pass