Chapter Vol 4 2150: Demon Emperor vs Pope!

"Pfft!"

With a sound, facing the Demon Emperor's first move, Miffel swayed casually, and behind him, a milky white beam of light shot away at several hundred beast soul shadows!

"Boom!"

A low muffled thunder sounded, and the entire sky hummed like a broken glass crystal. If it wasn't for the protection of the divine power and the defensive power of the demon emperor, I'm afraid this continent would be completely submerged. In the hands of a strong man of this level.

After all, it is reincarnation, and it is by no means comparable to simple reincarnation!

One is the strongest of the demon world, the other is the kingdom of angels who tour the world, the Pope Miphael of the Holy See branch of Douyun Continent, no matter any of them, the strength has already reached the realm of the sky, how can everyone be comparable? exist?

"I'm sorry... It's all because of me."

Looking at the anger of the Pope and the Demon Emperor above the sky, the demon of light was paralyzed weakly on the barren ground, with a complicated expression, and the meaning of regret could not be added.

It turned out that all this was the Pope's conspiracy. They tried to attract the demon emperor by themselves. All of this was just to bury the demon emperor!

The Demon Emperor is too strong, whether it was ten thousand years ago or now.

Powerful strength will naturally accumulate many enemies secretly, especially for the Holy See Angels, who can enter the kingdom of angels by hunting and killing the powerful, the attraction of the demon emperor is extremely powerful!

The Pope's strength, even the three red-clothed archbishops don't know the specific level, but one thing is certain, his minimum strength is also the fourth reincarnation level.

"This is his battle."

"Trust him."

At this time, Xiao Yan could only helplessly shrug his shoulders and laugh.

However, Xiao Yan could smell a strange wave in the bodies of the two in the sky.

It seems... the power in the demon emperor's body still hasn't recovered to its peak, and Pope Miphael's strength is extremely vain compared to the weak demon emperor.

"Wong buzzing!"

The sky hummed and burst, and thunderous basses appeared one after another. It seemed that this piece of heaven and earth would be completely destroyed after a long stalemate.

"Damn!"

"Your power!!!"

Suddenly, Miral felt that something was not right, and his proud expression could not help but become solemn. In this simple fight just now, he could obviously defeat him, but why would he be evenly matched?

Even his own holy breath of light was destroyed when it came into contact with the shadow of the beast and beast that was transformed from the body of the demon emperor?

Shouldn't he be suppressing his demonic aura with his own divine aura?

The strength of the demon emperor reached the fourth level ten thousand years ago, and now that ten thousand years have passed, has it reached the fifth level of reincarnation?

impossible!

This guy is very talented, not to mention that he has the law of immortality, and his strength must not have returned to the peak now!

However, according to my own investigation, the demon emperor must be afraid of the holy power of light. With the blessing of his various powers, it is no problem to kill the demon emperor!

"The level of reincarnation is not based on the number of levels to distinguish the strength of reincarnation, and the things that happened ten thousand years ago can be used now, and it can be a lot of time."

The demon emperor snorted coldly, and green light appeared on his body.

However, among the green awns that have emerged now, there are actually golden lines that are full of mysterious and mysterious, and they are full of vitality!

The green awns turned into countless thick and substantial liquids, and the black shadows of beasts were lifelike. As soon as they appeared, they released a violent and terrifying aura, quietly surrounding the throne of the demon emperor!

Chongming Divine Bird, Nine-Tailed Demon Fox, Shadow of Jingwei...

A series of familiar monsters and beasts quietly crawled around the demon emperor, exuding oppression that can be learned from the world, and even pushed the demon emperor's breath to the peak!

The overlord of the demon world, the king of supernatural leaders!

"Since you have the courage to come here today, give your life here!"

"Holy Sacrifice!"

The sacred Sanskrit was sung like a song, and countless filaments of light burst out from the underground of the holy city, the sacred wind chimes, and even the holy dragon of light, forming a line of filaments of light enough to wipe out the evil, quickly facing the Pope Miphael. The top of the head gathers away.

A whole body of snow-white short blade of 1 inch long, condensed on the top of its head, showing endless holiness and elegance. Above the short blade, a trace of hot light and holy flame burned, and even this void revealed a strong uneasiness. Distortion!

"Angel Sacred Blade!"

Miffel's eyes were full of killing intent, he snorted coldly, and the corner of his mouth sang an ancient sacred sound, his hands were bathed in the holy light, and he raised a short snow-white blade, which contained an indescribable blow to destroy the sky. With bursts of thunderous holy sounds, he blasted away at the demon emperor!

The fierceness of the offensive made everyone present unprecedented!

"kill!"

Seeing such a ferocious attack from Miffel, the demon emperor's slender fingers suddenly stretched out and pointed towards Miffel's position. In an instant, dozens of energy beast shadows boiled away, the beast's eyes were scarlet, and the power in his body rolled, like lightning. The speed swept out!

"Pfft!"

The two slammed into each other, the sacred snow-white short blade and dozens of energy beast shadows clashed almost instantly, and countless energy ripples also dissipated everywhere.

The ear-piercing Yinbei stings the hearts of countless people, and before the shadows of the beasts and beasts disappeared, green feathers fell off one after another, and they tore apart the white halo around the sacred short blade under the dumbfounded gaze of everyone. , and even its body, torn apart together.

The green feathers cut iron like mud, and just after touching the sacred short blade, a series of conspicuous cracks suddenly appeared.

"Tear it off!"

The snow-white short blade was broken, but there was a chill in Miffel's golden pupils, and the angel's wings behind him were speeding up the squirming formation. Obviously, he knew that the strength of the demon emperor was not comparable to this level. !

After all, the fact that he experienced the first war between heaven and earth made Pope Miphael extremely fearful!

"Is this the so-called Pope's strength?"

The demon emperor sat quietly on the throne, his eyes lightly cast a glance at the stunned Miffel, and he didn't make much movement from beginning to end. It seemed that the blow just now was just a warm-up exercise.

But it was this extreme fluctuation that made countless people congeal, and even they suspected that the strength of the Demon Emperor could no longer be described in words.

"Angel Wings!"

The demonic purple energy ripples fell from behind Miffel, and the whole world suddenly darkened.

That kind of fluctuation is like the coming of a death **** who controls the light. Except for the darkness, there are no other extra fluctuations in the world, but it makes people feel shocked!

Everyone's eyes slowly raised their heads and stared at the sky. Behind Miffel, six purple angel wings slowly took shape, and a purple flame suddenly burned on his chest. A mutation, an indescribable terror, swept out.

"Six angel purple wings?"

"This should be your limit, right?"

"Because of your extraordinary talent, this Emperor is willing to call you the strongest angel in the kingdom of angels!"

The demon emperor looked at Miffel with a smile on his face, and a touch of fiery also emerged, and the strange green aura accompanied by a low voice shook the world!

"I knew it was a conspiracy and took the initiative to find it!"

"Then make this your grave!"

"Boom!"

The domineering aura and the wings of the holy angel spread out together, and slowly became more and more intense in the sky. The entire holy city sky was empty, distorted, collapsed, and a black hole corroded out.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: