Chapter Vol 4 1406: Great Heavenly Seed, Scarlet Flame!

Xiao Yan just walked towards the last ball of light when a strange scene suddenly happened.

"Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu", which was originally bleak and dull, was as spiritual as a human being. Xiao Yan just approached a distance of tens of meters, and suddenly moved abruptly, as if a naughty child was constantly playing a game of hide and seek with Xiao Yan.

"This..." The sudden action made Xiao Yan a little surprised. Obviously, he had never heard of the heavenly seed and the wisdom, and the light group in front of him was also very mysterious.

"Heavenly Seed and Different Fire Sacred Flame are both wonders of heaven and earth. When you are on the Dou Qi Continent, the powerful Different Fire has spiritual wisdom, so this Heavenly Seed is also the same as the Different Fire." The Lord of Soul Eater explained road.

"So...you really found a treasure." Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and an unstoppable fiery surge emerged. Just from the fluctuations emanating from this dim light, this dim sky seed , is the strongest among the three Heavenly Seeds, and the other two Heavenly Seeds are already among the Small Heavenly Seeds. This Heavenly Seed... Shouldn't it be the Great Heavenly Seed?

And if it is really a big heavenly seed, I am afraid that it will be a huge help to Xiao Yan's own increase.

"Weng buzzing!" The dim light group moved rapidly, constantly evading Xiao Yan's pursuit in the void, and letting Xiao Yan chase was unmoved.

"I still don't believe I can't take care of you."

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan was also devastated by this bleak light, and immediately said angrily.

"Shabu Shabu!" No matter how agile the dull light group was, after Xiao Yan stimulated the power of his soul, the void around his body seemed to freeze, making him unable to move at all.

"Crash!" The dim light group also seemed to have noticed that Xiao Yan was not simple, and the fiery red flames continued to spread out, trying to stop Xiao Yan's pace, but Xiao Yan, who possessed holy flame, this kind of flame was nothing short of excessive. Every family is generally irrelevant, so it did not stop Xiao Yan for any time.

"Let's see where you're going now." Seeing the dim light with nowhere to escape, Xiao Yan walked over step by step.

"Weng Om!" Being so restrained by Xiao Yan, the dim light group didn't seem convinced. There was still a trace of flame power that kept permeating, trying to break free. Unfortunately, the power of the heavenly seed was perfectly isolated by the milky white prohibition, so it was just useless work. .

"Crash." Just when he arrived next to the dim light group, Xiao Yan's dazzling soul force set up ten soul cages in a row to prevent this Heavenly Seed from doing any more strange actions, so he was satisfied to dissipate its milky white prohibition. .

"Boom!" The milky white prohibition just disappeared, and a deafening sound accompanied by a burst of fiery red energy ripples suddenly appeared in this void.

"Great Heavenly Seed, Feiyan!" Five prominent words suddenly appeared on the crystal cage.

"Weng Om!" The fiery red energy ripples were completely wrapped in the crystal cage. Obviously, except for the milky white imprisonment, every Heavenly Seed was set up with two protections.

"What a tyrannical Heavenly Seed..." Even with the isolation of the crystal cage and the increase of the holy flame in the body, when facing the Heavenly Seed, an extremely tyrannical oppression struck, which actually made Xiao Yan feel a sense of relief. Heart-pounding fluctuations slowly came out of it.

The list of heavenly species is divided into large heavenly species and small heavenly species.

The small Heavenly Seed can increase the cultivator's own attributes and strengthen it twice, while the Big Heavenly Seed is abruptly doubled its own attributes!

For practitioners with normal fire attributes, the energy of fire attribute fighting qi is equal to one, and the power of the strong with the small heavenly seed becomes two. !

And the existence of holy flame in Xiao Yan's body, the speed is doubled, it is a full eight times!

The power of flame is eight times stronger than that of normal practitioners, let alone normal human beings. I am afraid that some supreme beings have never possessed it. The name of Emperor Yan is also at home.

"Crash." Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's intentions, the fiery red crimson flame squirmed rapidly. In a short time, the crystal cage was shaken apart, and he was about to escape. After all, the human body in front of him, There seemed to be something tyrannical, which made Fei Yan extremely uneasy.

"Gaze Eyes!"

"Fire!" Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't let such a good opportunity go. The dazzling soul attack and the fire-type fighting core in his body kept squirming, and the huge fighting qi and soul power burst out in an instant, and immediately surrounded the red flames slowly.

Even though Fei Yan was a great celestial seed, in the face of such a perverted Xiao Yan, she was subdued by him in a short while.

"It's really a good seed..." Looking at the fiery red flames surrounding Xiao Yan, the Soul Eater immediately laughed.

"With the Great Celestial Seed of Feiyan, and with the addition of Holy Flame, I am afraid that at this time, I will be able to completely leapfrog the battle..." Xiao Yan's body was surrounded by Feiyan, and the dazzling fluctuations continued to spread, like a A fire man in general.

Under the blessing of Heavenly Seed and Holy Flame, eight times the power of flame, but very few people can stop it, or even fight head-on. After all, the lethality of fire attribute is one of the best among many attributes.

"The power of Feiyan can completely turn a radius of 100 meters into nothingness..."

"Its power, called the Sea of ​​Scarlet Flames, is a special space based on its own flame power. Once it is used, I am afraid that no one at the same level can match it."

"It can even be used for group attacks or even to block the enemy, not bad." Xiao Yan felt the dazzling energy fluctuations on Fei Yan's body, and said with satisfaction.

"The next step is to absorb."

"The existence of the Great Heavenly Seed is somewhat similar to your devouring the Holy Flame of Different Fire." The Soul Eater analyzed.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then without hesitation, Fen Jue in his body started to run at a high speed, and a trace of special fighting spirit catalyzed by Fen Jue emerged, instantly extinguishing a lot of the terrifying flames on Fei Yan's body.

"Fire!" A dazzling voice resounded throughout the space, and Xiao Yan's originally violent crimson flames became quiet, because at the same time, within Xiao Yan's body, the khaki-colored Fire Heart Sky Rock, but also slowly climbed out.

Although the power of the Great Celestial Seed is strong, it is undoubtedly a lot worse than the Holy Flame, which is why this funny scene appears.

"Swallow it for me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly. He originally thought that swallowing the Great Heavenly Seed would be a little troublesome, but where did he know that the appearance of the Holy Flame made the Great Heavenly Seed quiet, so swallowing became an extremely easy process. thing.

With the passage of time, Xiao Yan also continued to absorb Fei Yan's power. After absorbing Fei Yan completely, his own flame power would definitely be at a higher level.

However, the Master of Soul Eater also said that Xiao Yan devoured too much holy flame, causing his body to become resistant to the power of flames, so even if he devoured the Great Heavenly Seed, it was impossible to change his strength. Therefore, Xiao Yan You can only be honest, after all, if you want to increase your strength by swallowing flames, only holy flame can do it.

At the same time, in the Dou Di Continent, thousands of miles away, some unknown things were happening.