Chapter Vol 4 1911: Do your best to kill the demon king!

The latest website: "Boom!" At this moment, in the depths of the dark Tianyuan battlefield, scenes of dazzling light beams flickered out, not only the evil eyes of the evil-eyed demon king, but also Xiao Yan's. The golden giant!

The temperature soared in an instant, and even because of the battle between the two, the entire barren place, the wind burst, and the flying sand and rocks were extremely conspicuous. The fierce oppression contained in it turned out to be chilling.

"The whole army, back ten miles!" Seeing this scene, Charming Yaoyao snorted coldly. The dense army of 100,000 monsters rose from the ground, and along the way, there was a huge amount of black smoke and dust.

A colorless light shot out from the eyes of the evil-eyed demon king, easily piercing the void, and heading towards Xiao Yan, and his body seemed to be bound in the sky, motionless. The temporary power of the Eight-Star Dou Xian in the initial stage will wrap the immortal flame around the immortal golden body and display it!

The golden giant with a thousand feet in the sky, with a pale yellow immortal flame burning violently around it, stood here forever, indestructible!

"Boom!" When the two beams of evil eyes touched the outermost periphery of Xiao Yan's immortal golden body, a harsh sound suddenly erupted. The souls of the Beast Legion, if they were in the center of the battlefield, would probably be instantly destroyed by this terrifying attack.

"Hey!" Two dark beams of evil light burst into a dazzling offensive, but the speed of the advance was very small, and then a circle of dark flames swept out from the place where the two were fighting. The most deadly annihilation force in the universe spins wildly in an instant. Every time it spins, it makes this space tremble, twist, and even become fragmented!

"But... Damn!" Xiao Yan tightened his body at this time and said with gnashing teeth. The tyrannical degree of the Immortal Golden Body is related to the strength of his own physical body. Although Xiao Yan's physical tyranny is not cheap now, with the increase of Immortal Flame, he is still in the dark. When dealing with the evil eye beam, a tingling feeling in the scalp swept out!

If it weren't for Xiao Yan's gritted teeth, if it weren't for the many tempering blessings of the Dragon God Transformation and the Pattern of Dominance, and if the soul power of the evil-eyed demon king hadn't broken through the Void Realm, I'm afraid Xiao Yan would have been completely submerged in this attack. on top!

It is a pity that since the strongest attack of the evil-eyed demon king could not defeat Xiao Yan, the outcome of this battle is also clearly differentiated!

"Crash!" The two were in such a stalemate, but the terrifying flame storm, with a touch of annihilated soul power, frantically raged on the battlefield. For a time, countless weak space cracks were looming in this battlefield!

"Pfft!"

"Break me!" Looking at the golden giant wrapped in holy flames around Xiao Yan, the evil-eyed demon king roared with an extremely shocking complex expression in his eyes.

This is his strongest attack. He has killed many Eight-star Fighting Immortals in the past, how could he not even kill a mere Seven-star Fighting Immortal?

"Boom!"

"Suppress me!" At the same time, Xiao Yan clenched his teeth tightly, and let out an extremely violent low roar like a beast!

"Bang bang bang!" In an instant, countless immortal flames and evil eye beams intertwined, and an appalling horror throbbing filled the air!

The place where the two are fighting is like a human heart shrinking suddenly, and then it suddenly erupts. In the gorgeous fireworks, there is a touch of immortality and extinction!

"Evil Eyed Demon King, the last move!" The golden giant was dying of breath, and the pale yellow Immortal Flame seemed to be seriously injured. Suddenly Xiao Yan's expression suddenly became stunned. There was a trace of icy scarlet killing intent in his eyes, and his tone roared wildly. road.

"Weak!" Looking at Xiao Yan in this state, he was already at the end of the fight, and the evil-eyed demon king laughed.

"It's enough to kill you!" Xiao Yan laughed instead, while speaking, an ancient ruler was drawn out from his body, his body jumped, and he shot away at the evil-eyed demon king!

The ancient ruler was originally the product of the fusion of different fires, but now, with a certain powerhouse opening the upper holy pattern on it, at this moment, Xiao Yan is using the power of five holy flames to display, and the momentum has shaken the world.

"You lunatic!" Seeing Xiao Yan's death-defying actions and the rapid decline of the power on his body, a rare dignified expression appeared in the eyes of the evil-eyed demon king for the first time.

Five kinds of holy flames, combined with the holy pattern on the ancient ruler, that power has surpassed himself, enough to make himself truly moved!

"Don't worry... No matter what the price is, today, you must die!" Xiao Yan roared fiercely.

"Evil Eye Mask, give me defense!" At this moment, the evil eye demon king was in chaos and hurriedly roared, as if he would really be completely destroyed by this attack!

"Crash!" After the blink of an eye, a pure and lustrous light shield of thousands of meters permeated the whole body of the evil eye demon king, and a strong aura was released.

"Hahaha!"

"Although I miscalculated this time, this time, you still lost!"

"Monster Beast Legion, attack me!" The evil-eyed demon king who shrank in the soul light shield leaked his struggling minions and laughed wildly.

It's just that even now, he didn't realize that the peaceful spirit of the ten powerful demon kings in the demon world has been completely defeated by Xiao Yan's continuous fear potential. Xiao Yan was completely obliterated, no matter what method he used!

"Boom!" The Monster Beast Legion below heard the words and immediately took heavy and steady steps towards Xiao Yan.

"Humph!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the strength in his body gradually weakened, and a heavy feeling swept out. At the same time, a strange buzzing sound came from Xiao Yan's forehead and the two flame beasts in the Dou Qi Sea. , came out gently, and immediately repaired and nourished Xiao Yan's body.

"Peng Peng!" The light of the holy pattern on the ancient ruler shone like a scorching sun, and immediately hit the evil eye demon king's soul light shield heavily. Fear increases a lot!

"You Mingtian!" With a sound, a tyrannical soul attack directly hit the panic-stricken evil-eyed demon king. In the trance, a huge vacancy appeared in the soul light shield, and immediately...

"Kacha Kacha!" After just a moment, a crisp shattering sound suddenly swept across the sky, and the countless monster army roaring towards Xiao Yan held their breath and stood there dumbfounded.

"Evil Eyed Demon King, go to hell!" With the appearance of a trace of cracks, the last trace of Xiao Yan's surging power in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, which was about to disappear, was vented like a giant dragon, and all of it was poured into the ancient ruler without a trace. Up, the originally dimmed ancient ruler, that beam of light, is brighter than the brightest stars in the sky, with the blessing of the five holy flames, the body is as fast as thunder, and the ruler is facing the evil-eyed demon king. ?

"One...five?"

"Five holy flames coexisting as one?"

"Do not!"

"Impossible!" At this moment, looking at Xiao Yan's irresistible holy flame and holy pattern, the evil eyed demon king's pupils shrank tightly, weakly shrinking under the countless cracked soul shields, and he lost his voice. When that kind of power enveloped me, it actually caused me to have an innate fear.

For Xiao Yan, his own soul power did not actually cause death. This shows that Xiao Yan is a guy with a tyrannical soul power, and now the divine weapon ruler in the broken state, plus the five holy flames, this kind of power, You can't stop yourself.

"Die!" Xiao Yan swung the last trace of his strength away, and suddenly shattered the light shield of his soul as if he had entered no one's realm, and with an irresistible force, he easily penetrated The body of the man, whether it was his strength or soul, was completely wiped out in an instant, as for his blood essence and even the demon pill, it was silently absorbed by the demon cube!

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan was completely beheaded by several ancient rulers, a cold corpse without any temperature, like a boulder, fell towards the bottom at an extremely fast speed.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the icy corpse of the evil-eyed demon king fell to the ground. Suddenly, because of the terrifying impact, the mighty evil-eyed demon king was thrown into a **** mess, extremely terrifying.

At this moment, the audience was silent, and countless monster beast legions stared at the sky above the sky in stunned silence, but they were like an invincible ruler.

That slender figure...

That is Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan's strength is only at the early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals!