Chapter 359: The heart of the forbidden island!

With the cold snort of his master, the Golden Dragon King, the seven beams of light on the ground also emitted extremely dazzling rays of light!

The dazzling light continued to rise, and the next moment it covered the place where Xiao Yan and the others were, and then the seven beams of light slowly moved!

The next moment, it also spun abruptly, and then slowly came to a colorless and transparent wall in front of the Golden Dragon King!

Violently strung in!

Originally, Xiao Yan didn't notice that there was only a colorless and transparent thing behind his master, the Golden Dragon King. Only now did he know that it was a colorless wall!

"Bang bang bang!" With the injection of seven beams of light into the colorless and transparent wall, the colorless and transparent wall blocking the road seemed to have the sound of opening the door, and then slowly opened.

"Shabu!" The seven beams of light suddenly turned into meteors, and then disappeared without a trace, but Xiao Yan didn't bother to check where the seven beams were, because with the opening of the colorless and transparent wall, Some things also surfaced.

"Bang bang bang!" Under the injection of seven beams of light, the colorless and transparent wall slowly spread out toward the two sides, revealing its original appearance.

"That's..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also widened his eyes fiercely, staring at the scenery behind the colorless and transparent wall!

Through the colorless and transparent wall, what catches the eye is the extremely flat land. The land area is about several hundred meters. Some quite delicate granites on the ground also pave the way for the distance of several hundred meters. It is extremely beautiful, and there is a very conspicuous building above the center of the land that attracts Xiao Yan!

It was a mysterious object hanging in mid-air. The object was round and about the size of a zhang.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The most peculiar thing is that above the circular object, there is a mysterious stone only the size of a palm...

The stone slowly turned, exuding a very special brilliance, and the brilliance continued to spread around.

"That's..." When Xiao saw the mysterious stone for the first time, his pupils shrank tightly, and his heartbeat even became intense.

"The mysterious stone in front of me, if I expected it well, it should be the meteorite that Senior Yu Xuan said..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Xiao Yan remembers me clearly, this mysterious meteorite created the strength of their Tianmuyu clan and the power of the current Xuanling royal family.

However, Xiao Yan did not enter any place rashly, because Xiao Yan also felt in the dark, a faint terrifying wave on the mysterious stone also slowly radiated, and seemed to surround a distance of ten meters. , If you enter rashly, I am afraid that you will not be able to eat and walk away. 5

However, Xiao Yan at this time was just ten meters away.

"This thing, even me, can't see any flaws..." At the moment when the colorless transparent wall was broken, the Golden Dragon King suddenly stepped back a few steps and came to Xiao Yan's side, and then the golden dragon king radiated gold. The Long Tong also slowly glanced away at the space in front of him.

"Remember that Senior Yu Xuan said that even he doesn't know the origin of this mysterious meteorite, but the only thing that is certain is that this mysterious meteorite has a long history." Xiao Yan also said.

"This mysterious stone seems to contain some mysterious impurities. If these things are used for tempering, they are also very useful." Xiao Yan also discovered after some exploration.

"That Yu Xuan is right, this mysterious meteorite does contain some extremely mysterious power, and the formation of the Xuanling Emperor Pond is probably also related to this meteorite." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"But having said that, the fluctuations in the outside world are undoubtedly weakened and diluted too much..." Xiao Yan also saw the mysterious meteorite among the five round objects at a glance, and then said. .

"Shabu Shabu!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan was just about to say something, but the Emperor Yan Ring in his hand suddenly shone brightly, and then a fiery red sword appeared in an instant, and then stayed by Xiao Yan's side, slowly Staring at the mysterious meteorite, an extremely greedy fluctuation also emanated from the fairy sword!

This fiery red sword was obtained in the mysterious secret realm in the corpse forest before. Although it is an immortal sword, it is damaged after all, so the immortal sword has never been used. First, Xiao Yan used a ruler. I got used to it, and it was because of this immortal sword wealth that Xiao Yan still understood.

Xiao Yan also felt that there seemed to be something missing from the immortal sword, and he also never took it out after the Infernal Corpse Forest.

"I didn't expect this fairy sword to appear at this time..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Obviously, when entering this forbidden area before, there was an extremely violent fluctuation in the ring, and now I think it should be this fairy sword.

This is an immortal sword, even if it is incomplete, its value is huge!

This is a strategic thing that can decide the outcome of a battle!

Just imagine, among the powerhouses of the same level, the strength of their own fighting skills and weapons is compared to that of their own. If they possess an immortal sword at the same level, then I am afraid that Colorless is invincible!

"This immortal sword has such violent fluctuations..." Xiao Yan also slowly looked away from the mysterious meteorite, and then slowly stared at the immortal sword in front of him!

Although Xiao Yan doesn't know the real power of the fairy sword, the fact that this fairy sword has dispatched three strong immortal warriors can see the horror of this fairy sword, but although It is only a semi-finished product, but even Long Yi is quite afraid.

"Long Yi, what is the origin of this immortal sword?" Xiao Yan also gently touched the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, and then asked.

"do not ask me!"

"When this fairy sword was forged back then, it was indeed shocking, but it hasn't been tempered yet..."

"Or maybe it's not consecrated yet!" Long Yi said in a displeased manner.

But it's no wonder that when Long Yi was besieged by this immortal sword for thousands of years, if this immortal sword was so simple, it wouldn't be enough to let the three big fighting immortals go with him.

"But looking at the appearance, this fairy sword is obviously thinking about the mysterious meteorite..."

"Maybe he wanted to use that mysterious meteorite to complete its final step!" Long Yi said slowly the next moment.

"It is said that real immortal swords are wise, why did I not feel any breath and power in this immortal sword..." Xiao Yan also spoke slowly.

"Buzz!" Xianjian also kept making some extremely faint sounds, and then slowly passed into Xiao Yan's mind.

"It actually wants to devour this mysterious meteorite?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils also suddenly opened, and he stared at the immortal sword in front of him, which was surrounded by fiery red aura.

Ask for a guarantee and get a ticket!