Chapter Vol 4 1907: 1 person, 1 foot, 100,000 battles! (middle)...

The latest website: "Let's do it together!"

"Kill him!" The extremely cold killing intent of the evil-eyed demon king swept through the army of 100,000 monsters. Suddenly, the monstrous demonic energy turned into a ferocious energy snake head, entrenched on top of his head, and the next moment Roaring away at Xiao Yan!

After Xiao Yan had dealt with the two demon generals, he also stepped on the void, and between his palms turned, blobs of amber-colored sacred flames lingered out. Seeing the demonic snake head in front of him blasting towards him, Xiao Yan was cold. Snort and wave away!

"Boom!" The incomparably dazzling demonic snake head and Xiao Yan's flame energy swept together, neither of them let the other, and they were evenly matched for a while.

"Do it!" Listening to the demon king's angry roar, the three demon marshals did not hesitate, turned into a stream of light, escaped from the demon beast army, and shot towards Xiao Yan above the void!

Three Eight-Star Fighting Immortal early stage powerhouses!

The stone monster is handsome, the scale monster is handsome, and the charming monster is handsome!

"Sir, what should we do now?" Watching the three powerhouses attack, Tianhu Yaoshuai asked with a weak soul voice transmission. This situation is beyond his grasp, and now he can only All hopes are pinned on Xiao Yan, and as long as Xiao Yan gives an order, it is not impossible for the battle to be turned upside down.

"Gather up your strength and prepare for a counterattack. I will fight with them in a while, I'm afraid I won't have time to take care of you."

"I will deal with the three demon commanders, the evil-eyed demon king, and his personal guards. As for the 100,000 monster army, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yan responded, but he was rather apprehensive about the so-called Charming Demon Yanshuai.

"Understood, my lord." After Tianhu Yaoshuai finished speaking, he also secretly gave them some monster blood essence obtained from the grave, and for a while, their power slowly recovered.

In the sky, the three Eight-star Fighting Immortals will arrive in an instant. Even Xiao Yan, facing the three Eight-star Fighting Immortals at the same time, is still too difficult. After all, these three are the battle-hardened elite generals under the evil-eyed demon king. It is not the flowers in the greenhouse, whether it is the grasp of the timing of the battle or its own strength, it is extremely terrifying.

"Boy, we meet again." At this moment, Lin Yao Yaoshuai's body flashed with shocking and terrifying power, and he said slowly.

"What happened before was your intention, right?" Xiao Yan said calmly, seemingly unmoved.

"What if it is? What if it isn't?"

"However, it's a pity that only a little fish like yours was caught. The Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons is more cautious." The Scaled Demon Demon Commander said helplessly.

"Yes?"

"Old bastards!" As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan's face became illusory. The hot flames around his body were no longer concealed, and they burned to the limit. All the breath of Sheng Yan was also evident at this moment.

"Weng Om!" The dazzling amber flames burned violently, and this piece of void had an obvious twist. The extremely hot sacred flame actually caused the 100,000 monster army below to feel quite heartbroken.

"Holy Flame, no wonder he was entrusted with the important task by the Wan Yaowang, but unfortunately he met us."

"Shi Xie, the two of us join forces, Mei Yao, you are in charge of feinting in secret, do it!" After a simple conversation, the real battle was about to break out!

"Boom!" First of all, Shi Xie, a yellow power spread out from his body, and immediately protected his skin, like a rock giant surrounded by rocks. For Xiao Yan, it was quite difficult.

"The guy who is looking for a dead end, take me a blow!" Shi Xie and Lin Shuai led Xiao Yan around one after another, and Shi Xie was the first to speak, his eyes as solid as a rock suddenly changed. It became cold, and there was no concealment of the violent killing intent between the words.

"It's up to you?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's body was covered with fighting spirit, and the dragon **** transformation came out. The corner of his mouth smiled slightly, his hands slowly carried his back, and the monstrous killing intent hidden between his eyebrows was even more than the former. fear!

And with the blessing of Amber Rock Soul Fire, Xiao Yan's power is now the real peak!

"hope so!"

"Look at the claws!" As soon as Shi Xie's voice fell, his shriveled rock hand grasped the ferocious power of eagle claws, he suddenly raised it, and immediately went to Xiao Yan's claw who was close at hand, countless rock fragments fell off his body, and then In the sky, an extremely solid and huge mountain was formed. The mountain not only contained suffocating terrifying power, but even countless sharp thorns that approached Xiao Yan!

"Boom!" Xiao Yan didn't act rashly, but the amber flame on his body seemed to be provoked, and immediately under Xiao Yan's control, he rushed directly at the rocky peak!

"Crash!" A low voice suddenly came from Xiao Yan's side, and the sky where the three of them stood suddenly trembled violently, and the extremely sharp rocky peak was directly covered with amber under the gazes of countless eyes. The flames burst out abruptly.

Although the power of the rock peaks is tyrannical, in front of Xiao Yan's Amber Rock Soul Fire, it is as weak as paper.

"Charming Demon Eyes!" At this moment, Charming Demon Yanshuai, who had been hiding in the dark, moved, her whole body flashed with a strange luster, and then her eyes moved, turning into countless rays of light, facing the bottom. Behind Xiao Yan, the elites of thousands of people left.

"Weng Om!" After all, the strongest of the Thousand People Monster Beast Legion is only the Seven Star Fighting Immortal. When attacked by such a terrifying eye technique, a strange wave flashed in his eyes.

"Master." After Shunxi, all the thousands of monsters and beasts were under the control of the charming demon Yanshuai, except for Tianhu Yaoshuai.

"Damn it!"

"Sir, I'll stop this guy, go away!" At this time, Tianhu Yaoshuai couldn't help but let out a loud cry, and the demon pill in his body flashed at the same time, his strength was skyrocketing, and he was temporarily entangled, Charming Yaoyanshuai .

At this moment, all the monster beast legions behind Xiao Yan were controlled by Charming Yaoyan Shuai alone, only himself and Tianhu Yaoshuai were the only two people. On the other hand, there were the evil eye monster king and the 100,000 monster beast legion.

At this moment, Fang was in a real death situation. Could it be that Xiao Yan could really kill a hundred thousand legions with one person?

"Dark Underworld!" Seeing such a terrifying situation, Xiao Yan did not have any fear at all. After a while, the summoning brand on his palm shone out, and suddenly a figure of a knight surrounded by black energy rose to the ground.

"Master..." The Dark Underworld had just appeared, and he couldn't help but murmured when he looked at the hundreds of thousands of monsters around him and all the high-level officials.

"Are you afraid?" Xiao Yan stood on the shoulders of the Dark Underworld Master and muttered. This sound did not seem to be speaking to the Dark Underworld Master, but to himself!

That is to tell the many mysteries of the Xiao ethnic pattern hidden in his body and the most mysterious bloodline of the devil!

"I've already died once, what's the harm in dying again?"

"But since the master is so interested, then this gentleman will accompany the master to fight, let me see, this monster world creature is stronger or weaker than me and other underworld creatures!"

"Da da da!" The voice of the dark underworld priest, the dark breath was revealed, and at the same time, a terrifying breath that looked at death like home, also permeated.

As for Xiao Yan, who was standing on his shoulders, the amber flame on his body was burning violently, his eyes were scarlet, and endless power was constantly overflowing from his body, and the entire space was filled with extreme depression.

Is it a dead end?

One person, one foot, one hundred thousand battles.

so what?