Chapter Vol 4 1645: Ups and downs (on)!

The next day, the scorching sun scorched the heart, and the sun was scattered vertically.

"Lord Xiao Yan." Since the meeting ended, Xiao Yan and the two were returning to the Ten Thousand Fire Sect. At this time, the sect meeting hall was filled with a core group of high-level executives.

"Today, I will go to the Land of Holy Flame." After a while, Xiao Yan got up and smiled at the familiar powerhouse all over his body.

These guys, now the strength has also reached the mid-level of the late four-star Dou Xian. If you step into the five-star Dou Xian, you can also become a strong force under your own. In the future, you will return to Dou Di Continent. Xuan Santian will use these strengths. Handing it over to Cailin, Xiao Yan believed that a powerful sect force would be born.

"Sir, this time the news of the land of holy flames has been known all over the city. I don't know how many strong people in our sect are going to be brought there?" The elder Huoyun heard the words and asked slowly. The senior members of the Fire Sect had already surrendered to Xiao Yan wholeheartedly.

"The land of holy flame is more fortunate and less fortunate..."

"That's why I plan to not bring one soldier or one soldier." Seeing the fiery gazes of so many powerhouses present, Xiao Yan said after thinking for a while.

"What?" Everyone was shocked when they heard the words.

"Perhaps in a short while, I will leave the ghost world and return to the Doudi Continent. On the Doudi Continent, there are many enemies of mine." Suddenly, Xiao Yan opened his mouth, and there was a hint of oppression in his voice. , but the implication is obvious. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Sir... I'll wait, I'm willing to follow Xiao Yan to the death!" Hearing Xiao Yan's actions, the top executives also sensed Xiao Yan's intentions, and hurriedly said, their voices were filled with yearning.

In the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, most of the strong people are human bodies. Although the ghost world is full of energy, it is not a place for them to live after all, and the Dou Di Continent will undoubtedly be an excellent place.

"Okay!" 尙噺屓嵽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"These days when I went to the Land of Holy Flame, I was bothering Sect Master Huo to check the size of the sect. If you can't take it away, just give it up." Xiao Yan said.

"My subordinates take orders." Huo Yi laughed when he heard the words.

"I'm sorry everyone... farewell!" Xiao Yan laughed loudly, his voice trembled, and walked directly towards the land of holy flames.

"Sect Master... We are finally able to return to the Human Realm, which is gratifying." As Xiao Yan left, a group of senior executives laughed in tears.

"I ordered to go down and do some sect wealth, martial arts, fighting skills, and take all that can be taken away. At the same time, I will send a strong person to communicate with the dean of the Spiritual Academy. I believe that because of the relationship with Sir Xiao Yan, he will not embarrass us."

"And... I don't know why, I always feel that this guy will cause a real frenzy in the future." As soon as he finished speaking, orders were issued in an orderly manner. When the forces returned to Doudi Continent, it turned out to cause a turbulent battle. That war covered the sky and the sun, and even in the end, Xiao Yan's prestige was secretly spread throughout the world, thus establishing Xiao Yan's hegemony. Such a position, the Endless Fire Territory, also came from this.

At the same time, the other six sect powerhouses in the Earth Spirit Academy left facing the Holy Flame Land for a while.

In other places, the fourth of the five courtyards also staged such a scene. After all, the attraction of the immortal fire to everyone is too great, and there is no interference from the powerhouses of the five major courtyards. This will be hundreds of years. The most intense collision between the younger generation of the hospital.

The Senate, this is a special force that directly controls the affairs of the Li Soul Domain, but now with the news sent by the four major temple masters, some of the elders of the Senate have been summoned one after another. , Usually they are mainly based on traveling around the world, which leads them to accept some human beings who have contact with their talents as disciples and bring them back to the Senate. However, the Senate has the smallest number of disciples among the five major courtyards. I am afraid that today’s disciples The number is no more than the number of hands.

"Teacher." In a quiet elegant house, a white-haired old man stood quietly, and in front of him was a handsome man. The delicate man's body was full of subtle fluctuations, and his delicacy, even his breath, was also vaguely possessed. Five star.

"Feng'er, this time on the trip to the Undying Fire, you will go to the Senate alone, is there any problem?"

"As for whether you can get it, it depends on your fortune." The old man asked with sleepy eyes.

"Disciple leads the order." The handsome man was overjoyed when he heard the words, and then immediately smiled with his fists clasped.

"Let's go now." The next moment, the old man slapped the disciple and sent the disciple directly into the space passage, heading towards the land of holy flames.

Soul House.

The Soul Academy is rather peculiar, because the research site of the Soul Academy is basically a dark space hundreds of meters below the ground, and there are only soul bodies in the Soul Academy, and there are no humans.

"Master, we are now..." In the quiet black hall, two women stood slowly, the women's voice was hoarse, and said softly.

The woman looks ordinary, with long hair and plain clothes, but her soul power is comparable to that of Xiao Yan!

"The things that our soul academy is studying has been stolen by the master of the soul... This bastard, originally promised me that as long as we figure out that method, we will refine the body for us and restore the human body. Unfortunately, in the end, he Unbelievable."

"However... the Lord of Li Soul has forgotten. Although that method is extremely against the sky, it is not complete, and I have left behind."

"You'er, remember, if Lord Li Soul really uses that method in the end, we must make him pay the price." As the voice fell, bursts of madness suddenly appeared in the woman's pupils.

This woman, but now the dean of the Soul Academy, although her strength is only at the level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, she is better than the tyrannical power of the soul, and there is a steady stream of test items sent here for their research, but unfortunately, In the final stage of studying the soul body swallowing the holy flame, although the method was successfully researched, there were traitors among the core staff, and they directly notified the master of the soul, and at the moment of success, all the personnel who studied this project, All of them were wiped out by the mysterious powerhouse. If it wasn't for her stunts, I'm afraid she would have completely fallen on the mysterious powerhouse.

And that mysterious powerhouse is tyrannical and can freely enter and leave the Soul Academy under countless guards. I am afraid that the entire Li Soul Domain is only the Lord of Li Soul, and among those who have fallen, there is the husband of the Director of the Soul Academy. The son-in-law also has You'er's younger sister, and You'er is the apprentice of the dean of the Soul Academy, so the resentment of the two towards the Master of Li Soul is extremely high.

Therefore, for a while, the two are slowly brewing some extreme methods.

"Before that, go to the land of holy flames. If you can get the undead fire and use that method to seriously injure the Lord of the Soul, you will have a faint hope that you can devour two holy flames. The life-long power will be taught to you, so that you can reach the eight-star realm." The corner of the dean's mouth became weird!

Only she knows this secret!

I have studied countless projects in the Soul Academy for so many years, but among them, the Soul Master only knows the project of swallowing the holy flame by the soul body. Not long ago, I had a look, but unfortunately, in the Soul Academy, the core personnel responsible for researching these projects are only myself.

"The disciple takes orders!"

"We won't fall easily before the Lord of Li Soul falls." You Er's expression became gloomy, and the figure disappeared like a ghost, heading towards the land of holy flames.