Chapter Vol 4 1142: Capture Yuquan

In the alchemy hall under the Ghost Moon Well.

"Big Brother, it's been a long time, why hasn't Xiao Yan left the border yet?"

"Could it be a failure?" In the Pill Hall, a worry appeared on Qing'er's pretty face, walking back and forth.

"Hey, Qing'er, don't worry."

"Brother Xiao Yan is extremely talented, so naturally nothing can go wrong."

"But it's been a long time. If we don't come out for ten days, I'm afraid we'll have to go back first. After all, the auction will start soon." Qing Wenwen stared at the huge barrier in Xiao Yan's retreat, weighed it, and shook his head.

Qing Wenwen knew that this auction was a prosperous world that would determine the status of many families in Ghost King City in the future. Naturally, he, the future young master of the Qing family, could not be absent.

With the help of the corpse pill, Qing Wen has successfully broken through the Dou Di and reached the initial stage of the 1-star Dou Xian. Although he has only survived the Eight-Color Dou Xian Tribulation, his talent in the ghost king city is enough to be called a monster.

"I hope he's all right." After Qing'er finished speaking, Wei Wei prayed for Xiao Yan.

Qinger didn't have much judgment on Xiao Yan, because she was a lady, and she also knew that a woman like her who was born in a wealthy family would naturally marry others for the benefit of the family in the future. To practice hard is to change this phenomenon.

As long as her strength breaks through Dou Xian, the family will not embarrass her. After all, the strength of a Dou Xian still has a lot of weight in a family, and now with the help of the ice-based practice, she has reached the real At the peak of Dou Di, you can realize your dream in the next step!

"Boom boom boom!" While the two brothers and sisters were talking slowly, the barrier not far away was shattered, and Xiao Yan's handsome figure slowly walked out.

"Haha, Brother Xiao Yan really succeeded." Just when he saw Xiao Yan's figure walking out of the barrier, Qing Wen immediately greeted him and smiled at him.

Qing Wenwen just glanced at Xiao Yan, and knew that although he and Xiao Yan were at the level of the first stage of the one-star battle of immortals at the same time, if they really fought each other, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would be more terrifying than himself.

After all, whether it is a high-level medicinal pill or a powerful formation, it is enough to show that Xiao Yan has an extraordinary origin.

"Hehe, Brother Qing also succeeded."

"Congratulations." When Xiao Yan faced Qing Wen's enthusiasm, he naturally had to be polite.

"Okay, since it has been successful, then leave here and go back to Ghost King Ridge."

"After all, after calculating the time, the auction is about to start." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard the words. He had expectations, and hoped that this auction would have what he wanted.

As soon as the words fell, the three of them turned into a streamer and left here. With the strength of the three, the Pill Hall was also returning to calm.

Above Yinyuetan, the sky is clear today, and few birds and beasts fly, because they know that this is the territory of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast.

"Mr. Yu, Yingyue Tan Nan Nan found that there are suspicious human beings, I wonder if it is the guy you are looking for." After a while, Yu Quan listened to his subordinates on a thick rock.

Ever since he was forced back by the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast, Yu Quan has mobilized dozens of people from his clan, and the entire Yinyue Tan has been surrounded by water.

"Go and have a look!" More than a dozen people in Yuquan have been waiting outside Yinyuetan for several months. If they don't see Xiao Yan and the others coming out, I am afraid they will return without success. After all, the auction will be held soon.

After Yu Quan finished speaking, with the help of his wind-type fighting immortal power, an astonishing ripple appeared in the air, and then he headed towards the south of Yingyuetan.

At this time, in the south of Yinyuetan, the figures of Xiao Yan and the three slowly appeared here.

He had just left the Ghost Moon Well. Originally, Xiao Yan planned to find the Azure Niu Tianmu Spirit Beast and thanked it, but he did not expect to find the aura of this guy, so he had to leave Yinyuetan and come to the southern exit of Yinyuetan.

"Brother Xiao Yan, this time you will follow me back to our Qing's house. Father will be very happy if you want to come." Qing Wen was in a good mood and led the way at the front, leaving Qing'er and Xiao Yi behind to have more opportunities to communicate.

"This time Guiyuejing...Thank you." After a while, Qing'erbei bit her lips and said softly to Xiao Yan.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"After returning to the family, if you need anything, just open your mouth." After Qing'er finished speaking, she hurried up and walked side by side with Qing Wen.

"This girl..." Xiao Yan looked at the figure of Qing'er, and couldn't help but imagine the figure of Xun'er in his mind.

"Aiyo." Then the beautiful image of Xun'er echoed in his mind just now, and he laughed suddenly, and there was a sudden pain in his heart.

"I... I'm offending someone." Xiao Yan sensed, he couldn't help but say a word, and then he stopped thinking, and his heart returned to calm down.

"Three people, how cool is this trip?" The three people just walked around for a while, and suddenly a very evil laughter sounded, but it sounded slowly.

"Who?" When Qing Wen heard the words, he was shocked and hurriedly warned.

His strength is already in the early stage of One Star Dou Xian, and he has not found the origin of the sound, which is enough to show that the strength of the comer is stronger than that of himself.

"Brother Qing, don't panic."

"It's an old acquaintance, you say yes."

"The Yu family is in charge of things?" Xiao Yan said with a slight smile after looking at a giant tree.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan's soul power is at the peak of the Emperor Realm. Although Yu Quan's strength is tyrannical, under Xiao Yan's perception, UU reading www.uukanshu. com is nowhere to be seen.

"Humph."

"Boy, I don't know what consensus you guys reached with the Azure Niu Tianmu Spirit Beast, but I now announce that you will hand over everything you got from the Ghost Moon Well to me!" Yu Quan appeared directly with a trace of wind attribute The power of the cyan battle immortal, in front of it.

"..." However, Yu Quan's response was deathly silence.

"Bastard!" Yu Quan couldn't help roaring when he saw that the three of them didn't do anything, but Yu Quan obviously didn't think that they had broken through Dou Di's hunger, but felt that they had been intimidated by his own coercion.

"Sure enough, it's a stumbling block." Xiao Yan said with a smile, his laughter was full of a hint of jest.

"Can this person be killed?" Xiao Yan glanced at Qing Wen and asked.

"It's a pity to kill him, but it's better to catch him and be a Reservoir Dog." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"It's exactly what I want!" Xiao Yan laughed suddenly, and the voice disappeared instantly. When Du appeared, he came to Yu Quan's side. The fiery red power of fighting immortals was like poison, causing Yu Quan's breathing to become disordered.

"This guy's power to fight immortals is so strong, I don't know how many immortal battles he has survived." Qing Wen looked at the power and speed of immortal fighting that emerged from Xiao Yan, and couldn't help smacking his lips.

If Qing Wen knew that the power displayed by Xiao Yan at this time still had some reservations, he would probably faint for a long time.

"How could it be possible... the power of fighting immortals?" Yu Quan's originally contemptuous expression was now solidified, and a heavy touch appeared in his heart!