Chapter Vol 4 883: Postponed plan, start!

Burning Incense Pavilion's highest-standard conference room!

"Damn, didn't you say the plan was carried out with the ruins?"

"Why are the ruins over, we haven't started action yet?"

"Let's not talk about saving Yanchi if this goes on, I'm afraid that guy will be in danger." Ling Mengsheng, the master of the Temple of the Earth who was sitting in it, said quite depressedly.

"Haha, Mengsheng, this matter is not urgent."

"Originally, we really wanted to enter while the Xuanling Royal Family coveted the Ruins Dou Soul dispatched other strong men, but the pavilion master came to the news, let us wait quietly, something should have happened." Zhu Jin said slightly. .

"What can happen?"

"The devil of the Xuanling royal family, if it blocks the way, just kill them all, why do you need such trouble?" Ling Mengsheng's hatred for the Xuanling royal family can be described as a revenge for killing his wife, which is unforgettable.

"Mengsheng, we know your hardships, but saving Yanchi is very important, so don't be careless."

"We only have one chance, so we must be fully prepared."

"And since the pavilion owner asked us to wait, then the pavilion owner will naturally have a solution." Zhu Lao Zaidu said.

"Fen Tian, ​​that guy, I don't know what he's doing." After hearing this, Ling Mengsheng sat down slightly and waited quietly.

"The ruins are over, I don't know why Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying haven't come back..." Mu Xuzi on the side opened his mouth slightly, obviously worried about the two disciples in their hall.

"This time, there are a few incredible disciples from your Human Palace." The old man on the side laughed when he heard the words.

Obviously, when Xiao Yan broke the cultivation record in the Burning Incense Pavilion and obtained the Treasure of the Human Palace, this guy was doomed to be extraordinary.

"Hey, you Heaven Palace and Earth Palace have been arrogant for so many years, and the feng shui turns, and it should be our turn." Mu Xuzi smiled slowly, obviously he was extremely satisfied with Xiao Yan, and wanted to come to Zong in the near future. It can shine in the door competition.

"I don't know where the pavilion master is now?" Ling Mengsheng saw everyone talking and laughing, so he opened his mouth.

And following Reimu Sheng's words, the others all looked at Zhu Jin who was sitting next to him with doubts on their faces.

Above the first place, a seat is clearly vacated, and I don't know who it is reserved for.

Zhu Jin didn't say anything, just stared into the distance, as if expecting something.

After a while, a fiery red figure suddenly appeared in the distance.

The aura on the fiery red figure is extremely obscure, but extremely powerful, giving everyone an elusive feeling.

"Pavilion Master, are you back?" Zhu Jin said directly as he watched the fiery red figure come to the top.

"Well, I'm back."

"I went to investigate the news." Fenxiang said.

At this time, there are some outstanding people present here, and they are also all the people who participated in this rescue plan for Yan Chi.

"Everyone is here, right?" Fen Tian sat down slightly, then glanced around, and found that there were not only Mu Xuzi, the deputy head of the Human Palace, Ling Mengsheng, the deputy head of the Earth Palace, and Qing Lao, the deputy head of the Tian Palace. , In addition to Zhu Jin and the two elders of heaven and earth who have been silent, there are a total of seven people.

Most of the backbones in the Burning Incense Pavilion now, after all, although saving Yan Chi is of great importance, but for the sake of the sect, the entire army must not be attacked, and some strong people must be left to guard.

"Well, there are a few people who have been waiting in Xuanling City for a long time, just waiting for us to go over." Zhu Jin smiled.

"According to the latest news I got, it seems that the dragon-loving army in the Xuanling royal family has disappeared." Fen Tian said impatiently with his fiery red hair.

"Dragonophile Legion disappeared?"

"impossible?"

"Qin Tian of the Dragon-loving Legion is already a powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Di, who can kill the entire legion quietly?" Hearing Fen Tian's exit, Ling Mengsheng stood up directly. But it is clear!

The strength of the Dragon-loving Legion, I am afraid that as powerful as Fentian, it is impossible to kill them in an instant.

"Dragonophile Legion gone?"

"It is said that the relationship between the Dragon Addiction Legion and the Xuanling King has not been very good." Qing Lao heard the words and said immediately.

"So from my looks, it doesn't look like it was obliterated."

"Therefore, I also took a look at the soul cards of the Xuanling royal family. Their soul cards were not broken." Fen Tian said.

Listening to Fen Tian's understatement, everyone was extremely surprised.

The place where Xuanling's royal soul cards are stored, you don't need to think about it, you know that it is a place full of dangers. Fen Tian actually wants to go there. This strength is too terrifying.

"My current strength has surpassed that of a two-star Dou Xian, but in order to confuse people, this time I will only use the perfection level of a one-star Dou Xian." Fen Tian thought for a while and then said.

One-star Dou Xian is complete and two-star Dou Xian is completely different.

"It is precisely because of the sudden disappearance of the Dragon-loving Legion that we don't know why it disappeared, so for the integrity of the plan, we can only postpone the plan."

"However, according to my information, King Xuanling seems to have sent the Dragon-loving Legion to the ruins. Perhaps their disappearance is related to the ruins."

"And isn't it so easy in the ruins, so the Dragon-loving Legion should be entangled in the ruins." Zhu Jin said.

"In that case..."

"The Xuanling Royal Family lacks the huge power of the Dragon-loving Legion, which is a good thing for us to come." Lingmengsheng laughed immediately after hearing this.

The overall strength of the Dragon-loving Legion is too strong. If they are there, I am afraid that this plan will have a great change, but if they are not in the Xuanling royal family then for Fen Tian and his party , the obstruction will be reduced to a minimum.

"Although the Dragon-loving Legion is not in the Xuanling Royal Family, we have to be fully prepared."

"Yanchi wants to save, but none of you can have any loss!"

"Do you understand?" Fen Tian said coldly.

Everyone here is the elite of Fenxiang Pavilion. If something happened, Fentian would be heartbroken.

"Understood!" Several people heard the words and nodded secretly, they all knew the seriousness of this incident.

"Now, you can leave."

"Set off!"

"Let's go to Xuanling City to meet them first, and let's talk about the details later!" After Fen Tian finished speaking, everyone hid their auras, and immediately disguised themselves as very ordinary people, and even their appearances had undergone tremendous changes.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As soon as Fen Tian's voice fell, the five of them left the Fenxiang Pavilion silently and went to Xuanling City.

However, several energy clones were left in the Burning Incense Pavilion by Zhu Jin's ingenious means.

Because according to the information they got, Yan Chi seems to be imprisoned in the deepest part of the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family!

And to enter the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family, which is heavily guarded, one must enter from Xuanling City, which is why so many people have plans.

And with the departure of everyone, it means that the battle that is enough to stir up the entire Xuan Santian will also start slowly!