Chapter Vol 4 1529: Changes in Li Soul Domain!

As Xiao Yan and the others headed towards Li Soul Territory through the space passage, there were quite a few strange things happening in Li Soul Territory.

Li Soul Realm, this is a special realm, it is much more tyrannical than ordinary upper planes, even the energy of heaven and earth and the stability of space, etc., plus the existence of countless powerhouses, so this realm, It has become the real core area of ​​thousands of planes under Li Soul Domain.

In Li Soul Territory, because of its large territory, many forces were born in its territory. The strength of these forces should not be underestimated, but although these forces were born above Li Soul Territory, but However, they did not dare to question the top management of Li Soul Territory. Even though they were competing with each other, they maintained their lofty devotion when facing Li Soul Territory. the detached status of the academy.

And in the center of Li Soul Domain, there are not only the existence of the five major courtyards, among the five major courtyards is the shrine of the Lord of Li Soul, but the temple of the Lord of Li Soul, even if it is some of the powerhouses in the five courtyards , There are very few people who know it. The only thing that is certain is that the temple of the Lord of Li Soul does exist in the core area of ​​Li Soul Domain, but it is only possible to live in the temple. Therefore, countless divine bans were set, and it was normal for ordinary people to find it hard to find.

However, even if it is difficult to discover the temple of the Lord of Li Soul, the five courtyards have always been in the core area of ​​Li Soul Realm. They restrict each other and promote each other. It can be said that the five major courtyards are almost the most tyrannical in the entire Li Soul Realm. The organization, of course, excluded the temple of the Lord of Souls, who did not know the exact trace.

Just one thing.

Ordinary ghosts and humans only know that in Li Soul Domain, it is controlled by the four major courts. They are the Court of Judgment, the Court of Judgment, the Earth Spirit Court, and the Soul Court, but only the powerhouses above Li Soul Domain know that Li Soul Domain Above, in addition to the four houses, there is the fifth house, the fifth house, called the Senate.

The Court of Adjudication is specially responsible for arresting and suppressing some powerhouses and forces that are unfavorable to Li Soul Territory, and controls most of the combat power in Li Soul Territory. The powerhouses in the Court of Adjudication have strengths that can be learned from the world.

The Earth Spirit Academy, this is the place where talents are cultivated for the Temple of the Lord of Souls. It is said that the Qidu Diving Soul Cup, which is enough to have the effect of prolonging life, is here.

The Court of Judgment is dedicated to judging some powerhouses or heretics. Once those who are listed on the "Judgment Order" will be directly introduced into the Court of Judgment, and they will be hunted down in the dark.

Soul Academy, this is a rather strange force. It is said that it does not interfere in the affairs of Li Soul Domain. It is only established by the Master of Li Soul, only to study the art of soul, try to crack some unknown secrets, and some The special martial arts and fighting skills are even the special existence of soul power. Unfortunately, it is a pity to say that this is an existence that serves the Lord of Li Soul alone, and besides the Lord of Li Soul, I am afraid that no one knows what they are doing. what research.

Originally, under Li Soul Territory, the Lord Li Soul only set up four major courtyards. In addition to this, it was a senate's detachment, which formed five major courtyards.

The Senate, this is about the appointment or dismissal of some of the plane masters among the thousands of planes under Li Soul Territory, as well as the replacement of the other four houses in Li Soul Territory and even the powerhouses in the Temple of Li Soul Lord. There is a close relationship with him, and what's more, even some of the decisions of the Lord of Li Soul must be reviewed by the Senate, but only major events will be taken by the Senate, so the general small things are based on Li Soul's Lord Lord.

As for the shrine of the Lord of the Soul, the Lord of the Soul is the supreme ruler. He has a very high dominance and prestige, and countless rules and punishment systems are all from him.

Under normal circumstances, the normal operation of Li Soul Domain is only jointly managed by the Court of Justice and the Court of Judgment. Even the entire Li Soul Territory has sent countless talents. As for the Senate, the ones who can join it are all the existence of some old monsters. Most of them are leisurely, and they will show up or hold meetings unless there are special emergencies.

In the core area of ​​Li Soul Territory, in the extremely mysterious void, here, countless confinement emerge, and the huge building complex decorates this place extremely dazzlingly, which is where the main temple of Li Soul is located.

"Squeak." At this time, in the center of the temple, in a majestic hall, a figure of nothingness slowly stood on the black throne.

The figure of nothingness looks like a middle-aged person, and his body is wrapped in black aura, and he can't see the specific outline.

In this hall, countless ghosts filled the air, and even huge stone pillars rose into the sky, but at this time, there was only one person in the vast space in the hall.

Ghost qi lingers on this person's body, but there is no energy fluctuation above the ghost qi, just like the usual black qi, but it is this kind of strange fluctuation that makes this whole world feel sad eclipsed.

"Hoohoo."

"Thousands of years have passed, and this time is probably my last chance."

"If I can't use this opportunity to break through the current shackles, I'm afraid my limit will come..." The middle-aged man looked up at the endless void and said weakly.

"Damn it... At the beginning, I was tempted by the two domain masters of the Buddha world and the devil world, and they jointly sealed the demon emperor. They promised me that they secretly helped me defeat the soul eater to get the soul eater, so as to use the evil soldier's Force to break through the current shackles, unfortunately, although he defeated the Lord of Soul Eater in the end, he allowed his remnant soul to escape, and the Soul Eater Talisman disappeared..."

"What's more, I have offended the Demon Emperor. If he breaks the seal in the future, with his reincarnation power, I am afraid that my Soul Realm will become turbulent... After all, the Demon Emperor has truly stepped into the realm of reincarnation. The strong, even among the seven realms, is one of the most tyrannical beings."

"Wrong step, wrong step, what a pity." The middle-aged man looked at the endless void and sighed.

"Buzz!" After a short while, two flames burst out in front of him!

And just when these two flames emerged, countless gloomy ghosts in the hall gave off an aura of fear. If Xiao Yan was here, he would definitely find out that the power of these two flames was actually the same as that in his hands. The holy flames of the two are comparable, even more powerful than the holy flames in Xiao Yan's hands, they are the second group of holy flames!

"Undying fire, Acacia heartbroken inflammation... Thousands of years ago, after defeating the Master of Soul Eater, the Soul Eater Talisman was lost. I continued the holy flame to the Soul Academy and ordered the Soul Academy to study hard, and finally found a flaw not long ago."

"This time, the Soul Academy has already controlled the way our ghost world can devour the holy flame... and I can rely on this method to completely complete the transformation!"

"I hope that with the power of holy flame, I can completely break through the eight-star fighting fairy and enter the dream of reincarnation!"

"At that time, even if the demon emperor breaks the seal and wakes up to seek revenge, or even the Lord of Soul Eater shoots at me, I will not be afraid of it!"

"Hahaha!" After a while, the middle-aged man stared at the two flames in front of him, his voice extremely ferocious.

"However, the power of the two holy flames is too great. Even if you have mastered that method, you must give up one to attract the attention of other powerhouses. Otherwise, swallowing the two holy flames at the same time is just a failure for me. …”

"When the time comes, I will use a holy flame to lure others, and I am swallowing it with a holy flame. With the secret method I found, I will definitely be able to break through the shackles!"

"As long as I can step into reincarnation, then I will definitely be able to step into the mysterious cave of the ghost world and find the supreme way!"

"At that time, let alone the ghost world, even if the entire Great Thousand World Hungry Seven Worlds, I'm afraid they will be courtiers to me!"

"Susu!" In an instant, an extremely terrifying aura spread out from the middle-aged man's body. In an instant, the situation changed suddenly, and the world became pale!

This guy is the real overlord of the entire Li Soul Domain!

Lord of Souls!