Chapter Vol 4 1722: wake!

The place of retreat, the dark green demonic energy of the black evil dragon and wolf, the dazzling soul power, coupled with the unpredictable power of space and the power of ghosts of the master of the soul, turn this place into a real purgatory. !

Even the swallowing flame crystals that could be seen everywhere in the past have long been broken, and the complete land has become shattered.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan knew that the situation was urgent, and immediately continued to exert his power to call on the power of the clan pattern's protection, and that call was almost at the end.

"Little guy, you did a good job." Xiao Yan was enveloped by the dark green demonic energy, and all the destructive energy could not spread to Xiao Yan. At this time, a gentle voice bathed within a few meters of Xiao Yan's body.

"Senior." Hearing this voice, Xiao Yan couldn't help but tremble in his heart. Obviously, the source of this voice came from the clan lines between his eyebrows.

"At such a young age, to be able to reach the present level, even at the peak of our Xiao clan, such talented people are only a few hands. If the elder brother knew about it, I would be extremely excited." The voice just fell, a thin face. The man was suddenly bathed in a black light and descended from Xiao Yan's eyebrows.

"The younger descendant of the Xiao clan, Xiao Yan, see Lord Xiao Sensheng from the Palace of the Five Kings!" Seeing this guy appearing in front of him, Xiao Yan just wanted to fold his fists and salute, but his legs suddenly softened and he almost knelt down, apparently in order to wake up the guardian. It consumed too much of Xiao Yan's strength.

"Our Tenth Hall Yanluo is to evade the pursuit and seal it independently. This time I can break through the seal, thank you." Just as Xiao Yan's body was about to fall, a warm big hand supported Xiao Yan and smiled. .

The man who supported Xiao Yan was a handsome-looking man. The man was quite young. He could not tell his true age just from his appearance. Clothes, the black-patterned holy clothing is filled with extremely terrifying dark lines, and circles of dark shackles surround its holy clothing, which is evil and exudes endless evil, just like a real demon.

"Senior, please..." Feeling the gentle force from the man in front of him pouring into his body, the depleted power in his body came back to life like bamboo shoots after a rain. With Xiao Yan and this guy so close, naturally It was because he felt the same bloodline fluctuations in some guys, and at the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan's voice actually became choked up.

In the past, Xiao Yan felt that the strength of the Ten Temple Yama was average, but at this moment, Xiao Yan just realized that the Tenth Temple Yama's tyranny, only people from their own clan can feel, the rumors about the strength of the Ten Temple Yama from foreigners, etc. It's all nonsense.

"Don't worry, you've done a good job, leave the rest to me." Seeing the traces of remorse that emerged from Xiao Yan's heart, Xiao Sensheng comfortably comforted him.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But my body is still in the Sealed Land, so I can only use your body to solve the current situation, okay?" The next moment, Xiao Sensheng asked.

"It's okay, senior please!" Xiao Yan said casually.

"Since that's the case, the oppression given to you by the Lord of Souls, let you, this little guy, take it back in person. It can be regarded as some reward for you to wake me up."

"Furthermore, I have some hatred between the Xiao Clan and the Li Soul Master, so it's time to do a good calculation." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Sensheng turned into a meteor, strung into Xiao Yan's body.

For a time, Xiao Yan's pupils were filled with a deep darkness, as determined as a real dark knight, and full of endless killing!

A true king, conceived and born!

Half cycle!

Although Xiao Yan's body was temporarily borrowed, the two also needed some time to get in touch, so the battle outside had reached a white-hot stage.

"This guy really has a lot of backers." Outside the arena, on the body of the Heisha Dragon Wolf, there were traces of demonic green blood flowing from many conspicuous wounds. It was obvious that he was fighting against the Lord of Li Soul. The gap between them is already very obvious.

On the other hand, looking at You Er on the side, the dazzling soul body around the body also became a little illusory. Obviously, the two, one person in the early stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, and one person in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, the two teamed up to deal with the complete Eight-star Fighting Immortal Master Li Soul, even if it was Even with his serious injuries, he was still struggling.

"Two wastes, wasting my time..."

"As an ant, it is the best choice to wait quietly for the destruction. After so many struggles, in the end, it is only a fall, why bother?" The Lord of Li Soul held a pink flame in his hand, surrounded by countless scarlet ghosts. Like an emperor who controls the entire kingdom of ghosts, he contemptuously said.

"Although the Lord of Li Soul is tyrannical, in my master's eyes, it's just a drop in the ocean." Seeing that the Lord of Li Soul was pressing hard, Heishan Longlang laughed instead.

"The king of the demon world, the name of the demon emperor is certainly tyrannical, but even those strong men who have entered the cycle of reincarnation will break my hand in the end, which is really a pity."

"You two, fall!"

"Yin Soldier Wu Lei!"

"Lei Lai!" Seeing that the two of them were covered in scars, but full of fighting spirit, the Master of Soul Li sneered.

In the face of absolute strength, everything is just child's play.

"Boom!" The voice just fell, and immediately above the sky in the retreat place, a sky curtain was directly torn apart by the Lord of Li Soul, and then a smear of gray thunder, with the power of destruction, filled out.

"Chichi!" These gray thunder powers actually came from the thunder master's power. If they were controlled by the master of the soul, it would probably be enough to cause a real killing move to the two eight-star fighting immortals.

"Now, it's troublesome." Looking at the countless scarlet eyes and the gray thunder in the sky, the expressions of the Black Devil Dragon Wolf and You Er became solemn for the first time.

"Ow!" Countless scarlet and ferocious ghosts rushed to the sky desperately, looking at the gray thunderbolt full of destruction above the sky, as if they were looking at their favorite food.

"Hey!" With a sound, the gray thunderbolt easily pierced the ghost's body, but the ghost didn't seem to care, swallowing a trace of gray thunder Immediately with an aura of resentment, directly It roared and exploded at the Heisha Dragon Wolf, and the terrifying energy ripples it produced, even the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, had to be dignified. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"Damn it..." Seeing countless ghosts attacking the enemy in such a way that they hurt one thousand and one hundred and eight hundred, Heisha Longlang and You Erji became in a hurry.

"Xiao Yan, you kid can't be in trouble, otherwise, how can I explain to the master?" When the Heisha Dragon Wolf resisted countless ghosts, his eyes turned slightly towards the area above the space surrounded by the dark green light. Where is it? , It seems that there is an aura like the overlord of heaven and earth, which is skyrocketing at an amazing speed.

"Now I see who can come out to save you again?"

"Xiao Yan, let's die here." The pink flame held in Lord Li's hand throbbed violently, as if he had encountered some fatal threat. Swiping away, a burst of black energy of destruction blasted away, trying to directly kill Xiao Yan who was hidden in the dark green light group.

"It's just half a cycle." The dark green light group shattered instantly, and at the same time, a sentence of arrogance that was comparable to the sky emerged.

It was a young man with a familiar face, but there was an unfamiliar aura on top of the different bodies, and even behind this guy, a very dazzling black-patterned holy robe, and strands of black scales and feathers kept falling off. , in its bones, revealing a sub-evil nature, showing the supreme evil power!

The two and a half reincarnations!