Chapter Vol 4 1954: 0 year appointment, funny way to meet...

"This little **** really has a hard life." Seeing Xiao Yan escaped with the power of holy flame again, Xu Shao's mouth became gloomy.

This guy actually returned safely from the demon world, and he also found the place where the guardians of the Xiao family lived, which made him quite uneasy.

With the meager strength of faith, when Xiao Yan cracked the secret of Gushan, he tried to kill with one blow, but unfortunately, Xiao Yan resisted with Sheng Yan's tyranny.

However, the power of belief is extremely tyrannical, and it cannot be confronted head-on as strong as Xu Shao. Even if the photo successfully resists, there will be some temporary sequelae.

"Forget it, let's get down to business." As soon as he finished speaking, Xu Shao stepped out and walked directly towards the inner space of Gushan. A few coffins were looming behind him, showing endless sternness and strangeness, which contained a hidden breath. , turned out to be more powerful than Xu Shao.

"That guy... will it be okay?" The two guards had planned to share their lives with Xiao Yan just now, but they were attacked by a sudden destruction at the last moment. Xiao Yan's self-sacrificing behavior undoubtedly won them a lot of goodwill. .

"Let's go, this matter is the most important thing, and we must report it to Mistress as soon as possible." As soon as the words fell, the two also crossed the mountains and headed towards the top of these dozens of mountains. The so-called mistress cleaning place.

Meanwhile, on the other side.

"No, the power in the body is dissipated... The power of belief really has nowhere to hide." At this time, Xiao Yan's body fell rapidly, like a runaway meteorite, extremely fast, and was not under Xiao Yan's control at all.

Just at the critical moment, Xiao Yan used Sheng Yan as a hindrance to push the other two away, and he was more or less affected by the power of faith, which is why he has the current appearance.

And the so-called power of belief, its coercion and power is comparable to the power of reincarnation, even today's Xiao Yan can't spy on the mystery.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, a rather strange scene suddenly appeared in this forest.

Xiao Yan fell at a high speed, and his body and strength could not be recovered for a while. He only felt that his body seemed to be approaching a rather soft special energy, and he jumped through it.

"A region where the energy of heaven and earth is so strong... Are they really here?" The speed of the high-speed fall made Xiao Yan unable to open his eyes. The mountains, and the place where he descended now is clearly in the middle of the mountain.

"It's so tall...it won't be so miserable, right?" Xiao Yan's expression changed slightly after he breathed, and he said in awe.

Although he is immortal and his body strength is astonishing, the pain caused by this level of falling is probably enough to make Xiao Yan truly moved...

"Wong Buzz!"

But just when Xiao Yan was thinking wildly, the amber flame and soul fire in his body emitted a rare shock, even fear!

"What is that?" Xiao Yan's soul force stared at the past, but said to himself.

The soul power had just invaded, and Xiao Yan suddenly felt two incomparably hot flames floating at the bottom of his descent, and the familiar fluctuations above those two flames made Xiao Yan's body tremble.

That is the power of holy flame!

"Damn...it's too late." Before Xiao Yan's surprise fell, he jumped and fell directly into the spring pool of the medicine garden.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure descended at a high speed, causing countless waves, and waves of colorful energy that were close to diluting and mottled escaped everywhere.

"Pfft!" Immediately, two groups of flames of different colors seemed to be frightened and scattered away. After a few breaths, an ear-piercing low hum, accompanied by a pool of bright red blood, floated out.

"Get out!" After the blink of an eye, a figure bathed in the spring pool, her beautiful eyes slowly opened, bright red blood overflowed from the corners of her mouth, and her head was completely immersed in the spring pool.

"I..." At this moment, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with a feeling of death without a place to be buried. He didn't dare to have any thoughts, and didn't try to investigate the source of the sound. He could only diffuse out his only soul power. , completely hiding his body in the spring pool.

Fortunately, the soul power of this beautiful shadow did not surpass Xiao Yan, and he was helpless for a while. As for Xiao Yan, he obviously did not have time to appreciate others at this time. After all, the water in this spring is not clear and transparent, but colorful and soaked in medicinal materials. Of course This is not the main thing!

Because now Xiao Yan found that the fighting qi and holy flame in his body could not be mobilized, and he could only exert his soul power. If he went out in this situation, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would be stabbed into a hornet's nest in an instant.

"..." After the surface of the water calmed down, Zaidu returned to his calm appearance, but no one responded to the voice of Qianying.

"Shameless, courting death!" With beautiful eyes around, she stared at the water surface of the spring pool without any breath, Qianying frowned slightly, a trace of anger has been slowly brewing, traces of strange ice, slowly from Qianying's The blue silk on the head floated away, and a hot breath containing extreme cold swept the entire spring pool.

"Strange, why does this power smell like deja vu?" At this moment, Xiao Yan carefully hid in the spring pool, but when the soul force felt this power, he was slightly surprised.

It seems... this power, I have seen it before?

And just now because of the influence of the power of belief Xiao Yan's strength and sight did not return, so he could only perceive the second group of holy flames in the floating spring pool. As for the head that was only exposed by the shadow, it was It was ignored by Xiao Yan.

"Wait... It won't be so unlucky, right?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils seemed to remember something, and suddenly shrank, he couldn't help rolling his eyes and said.

"Boom!" Just when Xiao Yan was in a hurry, on the surface of the water, countless ice strands first turned into a dense fog of ice, and then a woman was soaked in the water. The posture of the water snake-like waist left a faint fragrance in the air, and immediately the jade feet gently poured into the ice fog.

After a while, the ice mist gathered into countless white armors. A figure wearing ice armor and shackles, like a beautiful woman walking out of the painting, stepped slightly on the spring pool, and then all over the body, countless ice silks slowly beat, Among those ice strands, there was actually a tiny cyan flame.

"Go!" With a cold snort, countless powers, like flying rain in the sky, suddenly turned into countless sharp ice and fire swords, scrambling to shoot at the spring pool below.

Those scenes were really appalling.

"Cough cough...Su Xueying, long time no see." And Xiao Yan could only shake his head secretly after sensing the girl in front of him with his soul power. He never thought that this so-called 100-year appointment would meet in such a ridiculous way. Leaving the water, wrapped in soul power, he raised his head and smiled bitterly at the latter.

"You are... Xiao Yan?" At this moment, the woman in the air couldn't help but lose her voice, and scenes of dusty memories poured into her heart.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: