Chapter 387: The mysterious Xuanling Emperor Pond man!

Mu Feng, who was on the side, also supported Mu Yingying, and then a mysterious blue fighting spirit slowly entered Mu Yingying's body.

With the gentle fighting spirit entered by Mu Feng, Mu Yingying's slightly pale face gradually became somewhat rosy.

"What the **** happened..."

"How can it be so weak..." Mu Feng looked at Mu Yingying beside him, and felt the extremely serious injury in Mu Yingying's body, and immediately said with a heartache.

With such an appearance, it is obvious that they used a secret method. I don't know what enemy Xiao Yan and the others encountered, but it was so heavy!

The next moment, Mu Feng also protected Mu Yingying, in order to prevent these people from the Xuanling royal family from making a secret move, and then stared at the old Zhu in front of him.

At this time, Elder Zhu also slowly flew down from the sky, and then headed towards the underground palace, but the thundercloud above the sky did not dissipate.

At this time, Xiao Yan was extremely embarrassed and weak, with scars all over his body, and the fighting qi in his body was extremely thin. It was obvious that he had just used all the fighting qi in his body. Soul strength and unexpectedly, cause now walking is shaky.

Xiao Yan just left the space teleportation formation and came to the first floor of the underground palace. Then he didn't rush to leave, he sat on the ground directly, and then took out a lot of medicinal pills from the ring in his hand. Get up.

Xiao Yan, I know very well that since the Xuanling Royal Family dared to send a strong person to encircle and suppress itself so blatantly, it must have been prepared, so Xiao Yan did not dare to go out rashly. not far.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan sat on the ground, and then closed his eyes slightly. The strong scent of the medicinal herbs continued to transform into pure force flowing through Xiao Yan's limbs, making the exhausted fighting qi in Xiao Yan's body also fast. recovering.

"Breakthrough!"

"who!"

"Come out!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also suddenly noticed some strange noises on the first floor of the underground palace, and then his pupils shrank tightly as he stared vigilantly around.

"Haha, what a vigilant little guy."

"But why do you give me a familiar aura..." A deep voice also slowly echoed in Xiao Yan's ears.

"Damn, it won't be so unfortunate..." Xiao Yan also wanted to cry but had no tears, because with the help of the recovered soul power, Xiao Yan also felt it!

This power is the mysterious power that stands in the core area of ​​Xuanling Emperor Pond!

When I entered the core area of ​​the Xuanling Emperor Pond before, I found a rather obscure aura, but at that time, my master, the Golden Dragon King, existed, and that power did not appear.

In the Xuanling Emperor Pond, there is a witch, but that witch's strength is not as terrifying as the one in front of her!

The next moment, a young man also slowly appeared on Xiao Yan.

The man's whole body exudes an extremely hot wave, and the white and transparent fighting spirit is also slowly beating on the man's body.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also suddenly ran away!

Because Xiao Yan also discovered that the mysterious powerhouse in the Xuanling Imperial Pond in front of him is even more terrifying than the worship that the Xuanling Imperial Family sent to encircle him!

A chill of death also filled Xiao Yan's heart, and even the fighting qi in his body stopped flowing.

"Little baby, what are you running, I won't eat you." The man also smiled quietly, and then waved casually, Xiao Yan, who was running towards the exit, was also caught directly.

Xiao Yan also raised his head, then smiled slightly: "Senior, what are you doing?"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he simply gave up escaping. Under the eyes of such a strong man, if he wanted to escape, it would be more difficult than ascending to the sky.

"I said, I just felt that there seems to be a familiar aura in your body." The man also said indifferently.

"Senior, I don't know what you are talking about." Xiao Yan was also confused, and immediately said.

"Haha." After the man finished speaking, he also raised his palm directly, and then an invisible force also moved towards Xiao Yan's body.

"Shabu!" Invisible power instantly invaded Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan also gritted his teeth and cursed in his heart.

"Strange..." After some investigation, the man found nothing, and then shook his head.

"It seems that you have a good teacher." After the man finished speaking, a lightning attack containing terrifying fluctuations spread out instantly!

"Boom boom boom!" The mysterious man also stopped directly with one hand, and then also looked at the old man who entered.

"Are you alright?" It was Zhu Jin who had just stepped into the first floor of the underground palace, and was heading here non-stop. Just when he came here, he saw this mysterious man's investigation of Xiao Yan, and he immediately followed directly. attack.

"I can't die yet." Xiao Yan also saw his master Zhu Jin coming, and his heart was warm. After all, he broke into the forbidden underground palace of the Xuanling royal family without authorization. This alone made Xiao Yan quite convinced of this master. .

"Don't worry, it's me." Elder Zhu also said slowly to Xiao Yan, and then his eyes turned to the mysterious man in front of him.

"It's really a teacher who protects the shortcoming..." The man also shook his head, then turned into a meteor and disappeared into this space.

"What happened?" Elder Zhu also watched the mysterious man disappear, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"When Mu Yingying and I left the Xuanling Imperial Pond and came to the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation, we were surrounded and killed by an eight-star Dou Emperor perfection-level powerhouse in the enshrined hall of the Xuanling Imperial Family..." Xiao Yan did not hide the slightest bit of anything. what? "

"Are you sure?" The next moment, Zhu Jin was also suddenly shocked.

"Yes." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also coughed violently a few times. Obviously, the terrifying pressure on the mysterious man just now also caused Xiao Yan to have a lot of pressure.

"We have written down this hatred, next time I will definitely kill this worshiper!" Zhu Jin's voice also echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Don't worry, teacher, you can't die for the time being." Xiao Yan also said with relief.

"Mu Yingying..."

"Is she alright?" Xiao Yan also said in a hoarse voice.

"She's fine, it's just that the game is weak and out of strength." Elder Zhu also said.

"Let's go, let's leave here first, you need to cultivate now." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he also returned directly to the original road.

"En." Xiao Yan also followed Old Zhu and left the underground palace.

At this time, the man in black also sat on the ground slowly in the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation in the underground palace, and then the next moment, the space on the side was wriggling.

"Here?" The man in black also said.

"You actually failed. When you go back, prepare to accept the wrath of King Xuanling." Wen Zi also snorted coldly.

"Alas..." The man in black also sighed, and then the next moment, the figure moved, and the two also disappeared into the space of the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation.

Ask for tickets!