Chapter Vol 4 1104: The change of the flame beast

And when Xiao Yan used this devouring, it was a year in the Holy Flame Space. Even though he was in the Holy Flame Space for a year, the outside world was only a month.

And this month, many things happened in the Ghost King Ridge where Xiao Yan was located.

Ghost King Ridge is a rather majestic mountain range. The mountains are intricate and dangerous, and there are not a few powerful soul beasts in the mountain range. Therefore, even if there are many treasures in Ghost King Ridge, no one can touch it, after all. In this kind of place, courage alone is not enough, strength is also essential.

"Oh, it's really bad luck."

"I didn't expect our Qing family to be stopped by a soul beast."

"January, for a whole month, even if we tried everything we could, we couldn't find a way to defeat that soul beast."

"If you can solve this soul beast, I'm afraid that Ghost Moon Well will be at your fingertips. It's a pity..." At this time, under a big tree in the mountain range, a figure in the team of five couldn't help but blame himself.

"Brother, it's not your fault. That soul beast is cunning and not weak, and has actually reached the realm of fighting immortals..." And watching the man speak, the only woman among the five said softly. .

And after the only woman finished speaking, the expressions on the other four men were all the same. Obviously, they had fought with the fighting fairy many times this month, but they all failed in the end. end.

"Send someone to send orders back to the family, and send out the strong."

"We are bound to win this Ghost Moon Well." And the man said slowly, the five of them were all at the level of a seven-star to eight-star to nine-star Dou Emperor, but even so, there was still no way to get a soul beast.

"Yes!" Hearing this, one of the five people, a figure with a rather fast movement, also knew the importance of the matter. He flashed his figure and headed towards the foot of the mountain, apparently going back to tip off the news.

"Brother, we've been here for a month. I'm afraid the news of Guiyuejing has leaked. I think the other two families in Ghost King City have also gotten the news now, I'm afraid..." And the woman spoke slightly, and there were many voices in her voice. There was a touch of worry, and every time the two families were mentioned, there would be an abnormal look.

"My silly sister, don't worry."

"Because of your illness, even if I go to the top of the mountain, I will do my best as a brother."

"Although those two families are not weak, they want to swallow my Qing family, but it's not that easy." The man also said slowly, with a firmness in his voice.

"Yes." The woman calmed down a little after hearing the words, obviously her brother gave her enough sense of security.

"This girl is born with a water spirit, but there must be some kind of dark disease in her body..."

"It's just this girl, isn't that the unlucky guy Xiao Yan who killed his pet before..."

"Forget it, it's been a month, and the Holy Flame Space has been in the past year. I believe this kid has finished swallowing the Holy Flame. It's time to go back." In the dark, a mass of black energy slowly squirmed, and then directly moved towards Go down the mountain.

At this time, Xiao Yan who was in the Holy Flame space suddenly opened his pupils.

"Hoohoo!"

"Finally successful!" And in the Holy Flame Space, after a year, Xiao Yan opened his pupils, because at this moment, the cyan Holy Flame Crystal was standing quietly in Xiao Yan's Dou Qi sea, without any The resistance has been completely swallowed by Xiao Yan!

But even thinking back now, Xiao Yan can't help but feel a chill on his back. After all, he still underestimated the difficulty caused by swallowing the holy flame. This difficulty is much more tyrannical than swallowing the strange fire. If Xiao Yan was not well prepared, I am afraid that it will be swallowed up by the holy flame in an instant.

But fortunately it was a success.

"Huh..." Just as Xiao Yan's smile appeared, he was aware of a rather funny scene.

The sea of ​​vindictiveness in his body had disappeared from the fusion of the different fires before, but instead a fierce flame beast appeared. According to Xiao Yan's guess, his fighting qi should have been swallowed up by this fierce flame beast. Even Xiao Yan never knew the reason.

And since this beast of flames was born, it has been sleeping peacefully in the sea of ​​fighting qi, but now Xiao Yan has devoured the second holy flame crystal, and there is actually a sign of awakening!

After all, there was no place to store the two holy flame crystals. In addition to the fact that the battle qi in the battle qi sea disappeared, Xiao Yan simply stored the holy flame crystals in the battle qi sea.

"Wake up?" Xiao Yan noticed this scene and couldn't help but say, after all, on the outermost layer of hungry hair of this flaming beast, it has the aura of its own twenty-three colors of different fires. Identity is extremely mysterious.

"Whoosh." The flame beast just woke up, and suddenly a tyrannical aura emerged like a giant dragon awakening. According to Xiao Yan's guess, even the current self might not be able to deal with this guy.

And the flame beast just woke up, and the unicorn-like body immediately went directly to the location where the khaki and cyan holy flame crystals were.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Da da da." The next moment, when the flame beast came to the two holy flame crystals, it immediately raised its furry front paws and grabbed it directly at the khaki holy flame crystal. After grabbing it, it stretched out directly. The pink and tender tongue licks.

"This..." Xiao Yan felt this scene, and couldn't help but wonder, because every time the flame beast licked, the power in his body actually increased indistinctly?

"Da da da and not long after I licked it, I saw another piece of cyan holy flame crystal, put down the khaki holy flame crystal directly, grabbed it towards the cyan holy flame crystal, and it was also a mess after I caught it. He licked it furiously, as if he knew that the cyan Holy Flame Crystal was more delicious than the khaki-yellow Holy Flame Crystal.

"This guy's strength..." At this time, Xiao Yan was already the soul power at the peak of the Emperor Realm, and he was surprised to find that every time this flaming beast licked, the flame power in his body actually increased faintly.

"Gugugu." After a few minutes, it seemed that he had finished licking, or maybe he was tired, and he put down the blue holy flame crystal satisfied and hungry, and then the flaming beast did not forget to lick the one that had just caught the holy flame crystal. The front paws immediately made a gesture to Xiao Yan, the baby was full, and the baby was about to go to sleep, so he immediately fell down and closed his eyes.

"..." Xiao Yan felt this scene, and his mind couldn't help but turn upside down. Obviously, such a funny thing was the first time in his life that Xiao Yan saw it.

"What exactly is this guy's identity?"

"To be promoted to Dou Xian, you must compress the sea of ​​Dou Qi in your body and condense Dou Nucleus, but what I look like in my body now, why..." Xiao Yan felt the flame beast like a child, and couldn't help but smile bitterly, obviously even Xiao Yan, It is also helpless to it.

"Forget it, let's first transform into Burning Jue, the previous Huoxin Tianyan has instantly let Burning Incense pass the first floor, and now Burning Jue is already a cultivation technique in the middle stage of the Immortal Rank. Strength can make my strength reach various heights by myself." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and there was a trace of anticipation in his heart.