Chapter Vol 4 1835: Soulless explosion!

"Boom!" Above the sky, pitch-black dark clouds continued to flicker, and beams of thunder beams of hundreds of meters in size suddenly descended with monstrous momentum.

"Hu Lao and the others... did they win?" The other seven elders were slightly startled, looking at the battle circle surrounded by black smoke, a solemn aura slowly stepped out.

As Soul Wuji entangled the three most powerful late-stage Seven Star Fighting Immortals, there were several other battles for a while, and the fight was inextricable.

"Chichi!"

"The three elders have perished, and you will be captured soon!" A powerful voice emanated from the black smoke.

"How is it possible..." Looking at Soul Wuji, who was recklessly riding on the dragon corpse, the seven elders froze and lost their voices.

Just now, the three elders imprisoned Soul Wuji with the power of the formation domain, trying to suppress and obliterate him, but as time passed, the domain of the three elders was shattered, and there was no breath at all.

"What the **** is this Soul Wuji doing?" The other three powerhouses standing on the dragon corpse were all chilled when they saw this. They knew the strength of the three Seven Star Dou Xian late stage veterans, but now they are completely Fall into the hands of Soul Wuji.

"For the prince's plan, it's your turn next!"

"Susu!" Surrounded by black mist, his eyes lifted sharply and he glanced at the dark clouds and the distant emperor's palace. Soul Wuji's eyes flickered, and the black mist all over his body violently squirmed. It diffuses out of the body.

"Hey!" After the blink of an eye, with Soul Wuji at the core, a strange black hole emerged spontaneously.

It was like a Pandora's box dedicated to holding demons and evildoers. It was like a bottomless pit, and the steady stream of terrifying power overflowed, making the strong present uneasy.

"Join us!" Seeing this, the seven elders burst out with Dou Qi from their bodies, and their bodies were tightly tensed, but letting them attack would still be useless to the black hole.

"Retreat." Seeing this, the other three strong men above the dragon corpse drove the dragon corpse and returned to the edge of the black coffin.

"Tiao Lao!" The seven elders did their best, but when they hit the black hole, it was like hitting cotton. Not long after, a dark chain, filled with countless mourning voices, suddenly wrapped around one of the seven people. body.

"Sisi!" The black chain just wrapped around Lao Lao, and Lao Lao's face suddenly became ugly, his face was pale, and the breath in his body was like a deflated balloon, falling rapidly.

"This guy is devouring my strength, even my vitality!" Lao Lao's eyes changed suddenly and he exclaimed in shock.

"It's over, completely turn it into my nourishment!"

"Hahaha!" At this time, Soul Wuji was like an ambitious madman, black black chains constantly emerging from black holes all over his body, like a poisonous snake, blasting away at the seven elders from a very tricky angle. The breath suddenly weakened, and with the help of the link between the chain and the black hole, pure power poured into the black hole.

"Prince, this guy doesn't seem right?"

"And so far, there has been no good news from the emperor's palace..." The three strong men had just returned to the black coffin. Uncle Lin narrowed his eyes, looking at the situation where Soul Wuji was massacred by one person, and said.

"Don't worry, everything is under control. If Soul Wuji is beyond my control, it will be nothing but suicide." As he spoke, on Lin Fengya's palm, an agate-red fruit, quietly emerge.

This is his greatest reliance!

This fruit seems to be small, but the breath and power contained in it really make the world pale, but the strange thing is that the whole body of the fruit seems to be covered with a vague seal.

"Ah ah ah!" At this moment, lightning flashed and thundered above the sky, and Soul Wuji, like an evil god, stood quietly.

"It's... you guys!" Seeing the miserable appearance of the seven elders, Hun Wuji snorted coldly, and three chains engraved with countless spooky ghost patterns emerged from the black hole, piercing the void, facing the three The strong man above the dragon corpse roared away.

With that level of power, even if they had the blessing of dragon corpses, their faces changed drastically.

"Hun Wuji, are you crazy?" Seeing such a fierce attack emerging, Uncle Lin's eyes froze and he asked in shock.

"As of now, there is no need to hide it."

"In the eyes of our Soul Palace, you are just a group of ants."

"You should be lucky to die at my hands, because soon, you will be devotees of that ceremony."

"That's your honor!"

"So die for me!" As soon as the voice fell, Soul Wupolar became the torturer who controlled the black hole, and countless sinister and evil forces rendered the entire sky.

"Prince!" When the three of them saw this, they were all shocked, and looked at Lin Fengya with anxious eyes. The power of the three of them faced Soul Wuji, which meant that they had no life or death.

"Huhu, that's ironic." At this moment, Lin Fengya's palm was gently raised, and a crystal clear Devil Fruit appeared on his palm. Suddenly, the entire sky was filled with extreme silence.

"Devil Fruit?" At this moment, Soul Wuji's crazy smile instantly solidified, and the black hole ghosts around him kept shaking. It seemed that this tiny devil fruit contained a power that made Soul Wuji fear.

"Crack!" For some unknown reason, a sound like a crystal shattering sounded around the Devil Fruit Suddenly, the fully ripe Devil Fruit was only half filled with liquid.

"Ahhh!"

"Gama, you bastard!" Looking at this scene, looking at the palm-sized fruit like an agate, half of it was hollow, and only half was filled with a special dark green liquid, Lin Feng said. Ya's pupils shrank tightly and shouted.

When Xiao Yan broke into the underground palace, Lin Fengya forced Gamma to hand over the remaining two Devil Fruits. In the end, he even used his soul power to force the whereabouts of one.

Following Gamma's soul memory, he found the Devil Fruit. Although there was only one, Lin Fengya checked it again and again and found that it was the mature one. He didn't bother with Gamma, and sent Gamma directly to the emperor's bedroom. , I want to be buried with the emperor, but where did I think that the **** Gamma actually set up a blindfold on the devil fruit to deceive himself!

Two Devil Fruits, one half-ripe and one fully-ripe!

But the power contained in it is worlds apart!

"Lin Fengya, it seems that you have done a lot of evil, and God will not help you!"

"Susu!" At this moment, Soul Wuji laughed loudly, and the figure and the black hole instantly poured into the pitch-black dark clouds above the sky. At that time, an evil cloud like a furnace of **** slowly brewed and was born. !

At this moment, the world turned pale, and countless sinister and evil breaths filled the entire Tianyuan Mountains. The awe-inspiring aura and scenes were no different from the real hell!

Cold, dark, and awe-inspiring!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.