Chapter Vol 4 1636: Hao Ni'er shot!

"That is……"

"How could the Qidu Diversion Soul Cup be taken away by someone?"

"The restrictions surrounding the two ancient trees in the sky are extremely difficult for even me to deal with..."

"No, you can't lose the Qidu Yin Soul Cup!" Fang Hao said with a trace of resentment in Fang Hao's eyes as he looked at the thousand-zhang Leimang retreating in the devouring world.

"Boy, leave things behind... Otherwise, die!" I don't know what trick Fang Hao used, but he actually broke through the swallowing world and came to Xiao Yan. His broad palm was raised, and the dense black thunder covered it. , like a **** of death, killing Xiao Yan.

This was so close at hand, it was as strong as a blow from a mid-stage Eight-Star Dou Xian, if it hit Xiao Yan, I am afraid that Xiao Yan would be completely turned into powder.

"Guru." Xiao Yan's whole body was filled with horror, and even the blue veins all over his body burst out in an instant, and the power in the body was not under his control. comparability.

"Bang bang bang!" The palm of the hand approached Xiao Yan one meter, and the black air mass of the Soul Eater came directly to Xiao Yan's side. , Xiao Yan also suffered a lot of power aftermath.

"Teacher..." Even with the protection of the Soul Eater, the fluctuations generated by the two powerhouses at close range still exerted extremely tyrannical pressure on Xiao Yan. Beating, many cultivation routes in the body have been destroyed by him, obviously even with the resistance of the Soul Eater just now, the fluctuations in the palms of the two still directly smashed Xiao Yan into serious injuries!

"Xiao Yan...Are you alright?" In an instant, the black air mass that enveloped Soul Eater instantly dissipated, revealing the true face of Soul Eater.

This is a rather handsome man, with handsome facial features, sharp edges and corners, and white eyes like a woman, which seems to contain some kind of shocking magic, and at this time, on the face of the Lord of Soul Eater, a ferocious expression Roaring killing intent spread out.

Xiao Yan, who was guarded by the Soul Eater, had blood flowing down his clothes, his breath was sluggish, his face was extremely pale, and even the meridians in his body were broken, but even so, Xiao Yan still acted instinctively. She stubbornly protects the Qidu Divine Soul Cup in front of her chest, not hurting in the slightest.

"It's really shameful that the dignified West Temple master would be so cruel to a junior!"

"This time, let's fall here completely!" Suddenly, on the body of the Soul Eater, the power of black devouring turned into a shocking black flame, suspended around him, and a killing force originated from the superior. I mean, it fills the entire fifth floor!

And the power entrained on this black flame is actually stronger than the power of Xiao Yan's two holy flames, but this black flame does not seem to belong to holy flames.

"What is this?" Looking at the Soul Eater in such a state of rage, Fang Hao felt fear in his heart. The Soul Eater in this state, let alone the strength of his mid-stage Eight Star Fighting Immortals, even if It is the Lord of Li Soul, and I am afraid that I would not dare to confront him head-on. The black flame alone made Fang Hao's complexion become solemn for the first time.

"Teacher...Let's go quickly, the fluctuations here are too strong, if it attracts the powerhouses of Li Soul Realm, this time all the previous efforts will be lost." Xiao Yan forcibly endured the fatigue in his body and said weakly, because at this time, Xiao Yan clearly noticed Arrived, there is an extremely tyrannical aura, is approaching here rapidly.

"Ahhhh!" Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Soul Eater's heart was like a knife twisted. When he was in Xuan Santian before, he was clearly in Xiao Yan's body, but watching Mu Yingying sacrifice, now he has his own Existing, Xiao Yan almost fell into Fang Hao's hands again, which made this Soul Eater realm really moved.

"Do not worry……"

"This time, no matter how many people they come, I will make them pay the price." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled slowly. After speaking, the dazzling black flames all over his body hung on his shoulders, and then he gently walked towards Fang Hao. In the past, it was obvious that Fang Hao was certain to die today. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Master of Soul Eater, you..." Fang Hao was also afraid after seeing the Master of Soul Eater like this.

"Die." As the Soul Eater walked, this space was completely enveloped by a black flame, and immediately a dangerous atmosphere filled the entire fifth floor.

"Hey...Fang Hao, well done." Suddenly, the void here suddenly wriggled, and the overwhelming seven-color luster instantly filled the air, so a middle-aged woman stepped out of the void and smiled.

"The energy clone of the master of the South Temple... This is tricky." Looking at the middle-aged woman who suddenly appeared, the voice of the Soul Eater suddenly became heavy.

Although the master of the Nanshen Temple is a first-class female class, his strength is also in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Go ahead, absolutely can't let him run away!" Fang Hao didn't hesitate when he saw the energy clone coming, and thunder spread all over his body, drifting away in this void, trying to block the last retreat of the two soul eaters.

"For a while... If you lose Qidu Divine Soul Cup, just give up." The Lord of Soul Eater reluctantly said, and then the mysterious devouring power emerged in the body, looking at this appearance, it was impressive I want to force a breakout!

"Teacher... let's go!" In an instant, Xiao Yan exhausted his last breath and shouted loudly, Fang Hao's actions were to delay time. I am afraid that the situation will be precarious, and once the Lord of Soul Eater falls into the hands of Li Soul Territory, I am afraid that Soul Eater Territory will sooner or later become a vassal of Li Soul Territory.

Not to mention the two eight-star powerhouses today, if there are more reinforcements, I am afraid that they will only fall here today.

"Alas." Seeing Xiao Yan's stubborn appearance, the Soul Eater shook his head helplessly. Zaidu glanced at the two eight-star Fighting Immortals in front of him. The black flames immediately dissipated from his body, and the black aura enveloped Xiao Yan. Break the fifth layer of void between waves and try to escape!

"Master of Soul Eater, where are you running!" In an instant, as Master Soul Eater and Xiao Yan tried to escape, a burst of seven-colored luster appeared on the palm of the mysterious woman who had just appeared, directly carrying an unstoppable terrifying force, flying towards them both. shoot away.

"Crash!" With a sound, the seven-color luster directly hit a certain place in the void, and the void collapsed in an instant.

"Let's go!" At this critical moment, a shadowy figure slowly emerged from the edge of the Devouring Power, intercepting the attack of the two, and immediately said to Xiao Yan and the two with beautiful eyes, but this shadowy shadow appeared. At that time, Xiao Yan clearly noticed that the Soul Eater, who had always been calm, was suddenly sluggish for a while.

After speaking, Xiao Yan and the two left here in an instant, but only three figures were left in the void on the fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"Soul Eater... Hao Ni'er?" At that time, the energy cloned middle-aged woman and Fang Hao exclaimed at the same time, and the aura in their bodies rolled uncontrollably.