Chapter 443: Xiao Yan's plan!

'Xun'er' smart eyes flickered slightly, and then said to Xiao Yan, "Brother Xiao Yan~"

"Xun'er, I think it's so hard for you to think." Xiao Yan strode forward, then opened his arms, and no matter how she struggled, he directly hugged him in his arms.

‘Xun’er’ was frightened by Xiao Yan’s sudden hug, but he seemed to be thinking about something in his eyes.

With this hug, all the so-called thoughts from the past emerged.

"Brother Xiao Yan, it hurts to squeeze Xun'er like this." 'Xun'er' let out a coquettish cry, but Xiao Yan's strength increased instead of decreasing.

"It is rumored that the ninth-grade medicinal pill can be transformed into a human form, not to mention the more powerful Emperor-rank second-grade fighting emperor pill." Xiao Yan hugged the person in his arms and laughed at himself.

"Humph!" The next moment, the person in Xiao Yan's arms suddenly sensed something was wrong, and then instantly turned into a white smoke, and then the figure disappeared out of thin air, revealing the true face of the original Dou Di Pill.

"You already have a lot of wisdom, so if I let you run away, wouldn't it be a disaster?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Harm people?"

"You alchemists refined us just to enshrine others or use them yourself, have you ever considered our own feelings?"

"We were created by you, but we are the elixir of wisdom, not something that anyone can use!"

"And you know otherwise, after our medicinal pills surpassed the first rank of the emperor, every medicinal pill is a little bit of a chance to cultivate, and all the opportunities will be lost after you take it directly." Dou Di The pill the size of Danlongan said slowly, and voices came from all directions.

"In the final analysis, since you were made by our alchemist, can you still reverse it?" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his voice suddenly increased by a few decibels, and then the terrifying soul power in his body suddenly emerged, facing the The Dou Di Pill that was suspended in mid-air went away!

"Just because you want to subdue me?"

"Idiot talking about a dream!" Dou Didan snorted coldly, and then turned into Xun'er.

Xun'er's figure appeared in his eyes, Xiao Yan's deep-colored pupils shrank tightly, and the soul power of the emperor's mortal-level peak emerged instantly!

The soul power just emerged, and it turned into a white light group, facing the 'Xun'er'!

"Shabu!" Soul power surrounded Xun'er in an instant, and then the invisible soul coercion instantly suppressed that Xun'er.

"It's time to work." Xiao Yan finished speaking, the black robe on his body did not mean to take off at all, but at this time, another Xiao Yan appeared in the wooden house!

One white and one black!

Xiao Yan in white clothes was condensed by the soul power of the peak of the emperor's mortal level. Although Xiao Yan summoned very few times, this avatar is as prosperous as Xiao Yan. If this avatar has three strengths and two weaknesses, then it will definitely be The feedback was sent to Xiao Yan, so Xiao Yan often did not summon the Emperor Realm Soul Avatar.

As for Xiao Yan in black robe, it is Xiao Yan's body.

"Haha, you haven't summoned me for a long time." Bai Xiaoyan sat down gently and said.

"There's no way, you always have to hide some strength, otherwise you might be overwhelmed by unexpected situations," said Xiao Yan in black robe.

"Although this Emperor Dou Pill is extremely reckless, after all, it's only a second-rank Emperor Rank pill. It's not difficult for you. I wonder why you summoned me this time?" Bai Xiaoyan said.

"Ming people don't speak secretly. If you practice fighting skills, can you give me feedback?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"Do you practice fighting skills..."

"I haven't tried this, but you and I are one, I think it should be possible." Bai Xiaoyan said.

"To be honest, I have only cultivated to the first level of the seventh-level Heaven-shattering Ruler, but the first level is already very difficult to deal with powerhouses of the same level. According to my guess, I am afraid that at least the third level or even the first level is required. Only at the fourth level can you become a killer!" Xiao Yan in black robe said solemnly.

"I understand."

"Don't worry, you and I are all one, and if I cultivate, it will be fed back into your body."

"So then, you can safely absorb the Dou Di Pill. As for the seventh-layer breaking sky ruler, it is not difficult to cultivate to the third or fourth with me." Bai Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"That's the best!" Xiao Yan in black robe also laughed loudly!

"The space here is too small, I'd better go to practice in the soul realm." Bai Xiaoyan finished speaking and disappeared instantly.

It's just that with the disappearance of white Xiao Yan, the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan also disappeared, and instead appeared in Xiao Yan's soul realm.

In the soul realm, in the boundless vast area, at this time, the white Xiao Yan slowly stood on it, and then the ancient ruler of different fires appeared in his hand, and he was slowly comprehending and practicing the seventh-level breaking sky ruler!

"Since that's the case, I can't fall behind!" Xiao Yan in the black robe closed his eyes and patiently adjusted the aura in his body. When the aura stabilized, it was the best time to take the Dou Di Pill!

At the same time, on the edge of the desert, the figure of Zhu Lao appeared here.

"It's actually a black storm... I don't know how this black storm happened. Isn't this thing only appearing in some special circumstances..."

"Remember when the last black storm occurred, the nine major tribes of the dead and lonely Snake People and the Xuanling Royal Family suffered heavy losses!"

"I don't know what the black storm means this time Old Zhu narrowed his eyes, staring at the giant black storm that was squirming violently.

"Forget it, let's take a detour." Elder Zhu felt that this black storm was no joke, so he could only give up the idea of ​​crossing.

After Zhu Lao finished speaking, the figure slowly fell, and the next moment, a longan-sized medicinal pill appeared in his hand, and he swallowed it instantly. After swallowing, a khaki-colored fighting spirit appeared around Zhu Lao's body.

With the appearance of this earthy yellow grudge, Old Zhu's body slowly dived into the yellow sand, and finally completely submerged Old Zhu.

Bamboo Lao just disappeared, and a very strange figure appeared on his hind feet.

"Did it disappear..." said a small figure headed by him.

"Sect Master, Zhu Jin seems to be lurking into the yellow sand." Song Lidao, who was behind the short figure.

"No, I have never heard of any ability to lurk in the yellow sand, and this black storm is not a joke." Another Yang Wei said with some concern.

"We must deal with this bamboo ember as soon as possible, otherwise it will affect our future plans!" said Liu Quan, who was short in stature.

"Go, bear this black storm!" Liu Quan said after thinking.

As soon as he finished speaking, a strange and gloomy aura emerged from his body, slowly surrounding the dark cloak.

That breath, like a ghost, exudes a sinister and evil aura from the dying person.

"Go!" Song Li and Yang Wei responded.

As soon as these words came out, different degrees of ghost energy emerged on the cloaks of the three people, and then the speed was increased to the extreme, and they went away in the desert of death! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: