Chapter 571: The Rupture of the Dueling Arena!

"Why is this Gorefiend Left Guard's aura suddenly weakened so much?" Immortal Master Madwood and Yan stood aside at the same time, and immediately opened their mouths slightly.

As for their old rivals for many years, they know each other's strength and means quite well!

This Gorefiend Left Guard is the second strongest of the Gorefiend clan. If he really only had this strength, he would undoubtedly not be called a foreign evil clan.

You must know that this extraterritorial evil race is extremely evil, and it specializes in harming human beings, causing all races in the Great Thousand World to be regarded as public enemies!

"I don't know, this Gorefiend Left Guard seems to be thinking about something else?" Yan also said, the dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame power all over his body instantly illuminated the space in the dueling arena.

"How about the Gorefiends in the other two places?" Immortal Master Madwood suddenly remembered and asked.

"I don't know, the one next to the manor seems to have been wiped out... But."

"I have lost contact with my Saint Flame Crystal!" Although it was extremely difficult to speak, Yan still had some difficulty speaking.

"what?"

"Didn't your holy flame crystal be used to suppress the strong men under the Left Guard of the Gorefiend?" Immortal Master Madwood suddenly drank.

The rock that mastered the holy flame and the holy flame crystal lost contact?

This is like cutting off Yan's arm and leg invisibly!

And the most important thing is that this Saint Flame Crystal is for suppressing that Gorefiend powerhouse!

Although that Gorefiend powerhouse is not as strong as the Gorefiend Left Guard, he is exactly the same as the Gorefiend General Xiao Yan had just destroyed. He is also a very terrifying existence!

"Damn it!" The smile on Immortal Master Madwood's face gradually solidified, replaced by a heavy look!

It is true that the owner of this desert mountain is Immortal Master Crazy Wood, but it was attacked by the foreign evil clan, and this place has become a paradise for the foreign evil clan. If Sheng Yanjing of Yan had contacted him, I am afraid this is a Big problem!

Moreover, if this Saint Flame Crystal is destroyed by that Gorefiend, the strength of this rock will undoubtedly drop a lot, and even shake its foundation!

"What does this Gorefiend Left Guard want to do?" The next moment, Xiao Yan also noticed that the Gorefiend Left Guard with a monstrous aura in the duel field suddenly flickered, and then a purplish-gold light appeared, and it was fleeting!

"Stop it!" Immortal Master Madwood suddenly shouted.

Following the appearance of a purple-gold light on the Gorefiend Left Guard, Immortal Master Mad Wood also discovered the Gorefiend Left Guard's intention and spoke immediately!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the voice fell, Immortal Master Kuangmu, a power that perfectly blended black and white life and death was born in an instant, and then slowly wrapped around his palm.

In a short period of time, a terrifying force that made Xiao Yan feel numb in his scalp was born!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Immortal Master Crazy Wood had an extremely fierce look in his eyes, and then the force of life and death on the palm of his hand suddenly attacked the left guard of the Gorefiend beside him!

On the other side, the terrifying holy flame power in the rock continued to erupt, vaguely suppressing the blood demon power of the Gorefiend Left Guard!

"Have you been discovered..." The Gorefiend Left Guard intercepted the attack from Immortal Master Madwood at first, and then murmured.

The purplish-golden power that I just differentiated is the special power among their Gorefiends!

Origin escape!

The purplish-gold light that seemed to be extremely weak just now was actually the core of this Gorefiend Left Guard!

As long as the purple-golden core is destroyed, then this Gorefiend Left Guard will also fall completely!

"Gorefiend Left Guard, where are you running!" A cold snort came from the mouth of Immortal Master Crazy Wood!

"Susu!"

"Old guy!" Although the purple-gold light beam is weak, it is undoubtedly revealed by the power of Immortal Master Madwood's life and death and the power of Yan Shengyan!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying attack from Immortal Master Madwood's palm instantly hit the purple-gold light beam, and he didn't pay any attention to the figure of the Gorefiend Left Guard at the beginning!

The terrifying attack of the power of life and death and the power of holy flame made the purple-gold light beam tremble slightly!

"damn it!"

"I thought these two old guys weren't at their peak, didn't find me... I can't think of a mistake." In the purple-gold light beam, a figure slowly spoke!

"No, this power is too terrifying, now I can only resist it!" The next moment, the Gorefiend Left Guard in the purple-golden beam said!

"Old guy, your eyesight hasn't changed." A gloomy voice suddenly came from the blood mist!

I saw that the original purple-gold light beam turned into an extremely terrifying blood mist!

In the blood fog, resentful spirits wailed, and countless miserable voices lingered constantly.

"Haha, Gorefiend Left Guard, your current strength doesn't seem to be at its peak." Immortal Master Madwood smiled slowly after his attack.

However, only Xiao Yan discovered that the power of life and death of the Mad Wood Immortal Master just now seemed to be mixed with extremely terrifying soul power, so the blow just now had actually drawn most of the power of the Mad Wood Immortal Master. As a result, the power of Immortal Master Mad Wood is slightly insufficient!

Yan on the side seemed to have discovered the abnormality of the Mad Wood Immortal Master, and secretly gritted his teeth, and then the terrifying power of holy flame continued to emerge, trying to cover up the Mad Wood Immortal Master's problem!

The power of holy flame just appeared, and it made the entire dueling field shake slightly. Even the blood mist of the purple-gold blood demon left guard shrank rapidly. Obviously, the blood demon around the blood demon left guard. Qi, I am quite afraid of the holy flame power of this rock!

"It seems that today, I can't run!"

"But it seems that there are other people coming here... So..."

"Let's party together!"

"Susu!" A strange voice suddenly came out from the purple-gold blood mist Then a sky-shattering blood-colored Dou Qi light suddenly flickered from the dueling arena!

The Gorefiend Dou Qi beam of light soared into the sky, and the place where the pair of sky rushed to was exactly where Xiao Yan and the others were!

"Not good!" A sense of crisis pouring in from the depths of his soul suddenly filled Xiao Yan's body, and then Xiao Yan suddenly drank, and his figure moved away.

After all, this happened in a blink of an eye, and Xiao Yan didn't care about the incompatibility between Shan Yao and Shanling. The speed skyrocketed. When facing the two women, he was holding one in each hand. As for the snake torture, Xiao Yan was punished. The terrifying power was shaken back, and the four left the place just now!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan and the four left, the next moment, where the four of them were, the space in front of them suddenly shattered, and then a ray of **** fighting qi suddenly appeared, reaching the sky!

"Kacha!" With the appearance of such a change, the barrier around the top-secret dueling field suddenly felt a shattering feeling, such a loud sound, as if it would shatter at any time!

"Is that... a daughter..." A shocking voice slowly came from the mouth of the Mad Wood Immortal Master!

After all, Immortal Madwood is also a pharmacist of the Immortal Rank, and his soul power naturally stepped into the fairyland. The soul power of the fairyland level, at the moment when the dueling field was broken, also felt that it was not far from the dueling field, sinking in the dueling field. Above, a feeling familiar to the depths of the soul fills the body!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Ask for tickets!