Chapter Vol 4 1590: 3 strong men!

Inside the sect on the top of the cliff of Wanhuozong.

"Sect Master, something is bad."

"Tingfeng Pavilion, I don't know where the two more four-star Dou Xian mid-stage powerhouses came from. Now that the soldiers are under the city, all the guards in our Flame Furnace Cliff have been breached by them. I'm afraid that the cliff top will only be lost sooner or later. I also ask the sect master to make a decision early so that we can advance and retreat." In the sect hall, Huo Laohuo hurriedly broke into the door. He was covered in dust. He had just returned from the front line. experienced many fierce battles.

Since the original sect competition, their sect has been severely damaged by other forces, and then the disappearance of Xiao Gui has become a rather attractive piece of fat, like a mouse crossing the street, everyone shouts and beats, among them Tingfeng Pavilion is the most It is outstanding, after all, if the territory of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect is captured, then it is tantamount to strengthening the strength of their respective forces, so the situation of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect is quite unfavorable.

"His grandmother's... It's really a tiger falling and Pingyang being bullied by a dog."

"How much fighting strength does our sect still have?" Sect Master Huoyi sat in the first place, suddenly got up and shouted, and immediately cast his eyes on an old man with a weak breath in the hall. In the face of the current situation, Huo Yi and even the entire sect did not retreat at all, and did not hesitate to fight to the last soldier.

"Sect Master, the combat power of our sect, there are less than 100 two-star fighting immortals, less than 20 three-star fighting immortals, and only two strong four-star fighting immortals. With the addition of you, Sect Master..."

"No matter what, it can't resist the fighting strength of the three terrifying four-star Dou Xian mid-stage powerhouses in Tingfeng Pavilion. I also ask the sect master to lead the remnants of the sect to retreat and retain their strength. When Lord Xiao Yan comes back, he will definitely be able to make a comeback." Huoyun opened his mouth slowly, and there was a hint of pleading in his voice. Obviously, the core high-level people who were present already had the consciousness of seeing death as home.

It has been a few months since the sect competition and Xiao Gui disappeared. Even if their sect resisted many strong men who tried to erode their sect due to the danger of their sect, they also suffered heavy losses. Among them, these leaders The body is even more scarred, and if it wasn't for the last trace of obsession, I'm afraid it would have completely fallen.

"Elder, since we promised Lord Xiao Yan, we naturally can't break our promise, not to mention that we haven't protected Lord Xiao Gui... We are guilty, we have no face to face Lord Xiao Yan."

"So no matter what, we will not retreat, we will guard the last paradise." Huo Yi suddenly became vicissitudes and shook his head slowly. Today's Ten Thousand Fire Sect is tyrannical countless times compared to before. These effects are almost attributed to Xiao Gui, and now that the sect is facing death, it is naturally quite helpless.

"But if our sect was destroyed in the hands of Tingfeng Pavilion, wouldn't it have failed the hard work of the two adults, Xiao Yan..." Huoyun couldn't help but said.

"Don't hesitate to fight to the last soldier." Huo Yi's eyes became turbulent, and an extremely bright fighting spirit suddenly burst out.

"Ugh……"

"Sir Xiao Yan doesn't know if he has come out of the acacia tree, but this situation is really..." As soon as the words fell, the place returned to calm, but they all knew that this time, I am afraid it is really time to break the boat and sink the boat. , If they win, then everyone will be happy. If they lose, then their Myriad Fire Sect will also fall completely, but they want to use their remaining strength to defeat the three four-star middle stage powerhouses in the Tingfeng Pavilion. This is easier said than done. .

Flame Furnace Cliff outside the sect.

"Hey, pavilion master, now the Ten Thousand Fire Sect is already unable to protect itself. As long as you listen to the wind pavilion to annex them, your power will definitely increase greatly." Under the flames of the furnace, there are already corpses everywhere. The blood flowed into a river, apparently after months of fighting, the appearance of this place has changed, and one of the middle-aged men with full muscles sneered.

"This time, I would like to thank the two powerhouses for their help. After the matter is completed, we will not treat the two adults badly." The pavilion master of the Tingfeng Pavilion said with joy, after all, if it wasn't for the two of them Appeared, I am afraid that with the power of their Tingfeng Pavilion, Guangguang can't cope with the Myriad Fire Sect who is ready to sink the boat.

"The pavilion master does not need to be polite, we are also acting according to orders." The two men are tall and shrewd, and the other is shrewd and rather thin, but the combat power of the two is unquestionably tyrannical.

"Let's go."

"On the top of this cliff is the remnant of the Wanhuo Sect." After Shunxi, the three people present stepped into the cliff that entered the top of the cliff and tried to go towards the top of the cliff, although it was only a matter of time. The three powerhouses, but the strength of the three, is the real four-star middle stage of Dou Xian, and this level of powerhouse is tantamount to a disaster for today's Ten Thousand Fire Sect.

With the departure of the three powerhouses, the green flames in this Flaming Furnace Cliff slowly disappeared, and even this space was filled with a sense of silence.

"Boom!" Immediately, a hot wave of fire suddenly spread out, and immediately ignited the countless cliff tops of the Flame Furnace Cliff where the blue flames were extinguished.

"Wait, it seems that some interesting little bugs have slipped in and when the three figures were just about to step into the center, the burly man stared at the cliff thousands of meters away behind him. Go. 嚽噺幓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

There, a scorching red flame, like a volcano, slanted down, instantly rendering the sky into a fiery red, endless dangerous atmosphere, slowly paving the way.

"Who is this, the power of tyrannical flames, this power is comparable to some fire-attribute powerhouses at the mid-level of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal." After a while, the blurred figure continued to enlarge in the pupils of the master of the Tingfeng Pavilion. It muttered.

"The aura on this guy seems a bit like the guy we're looking for?"

"It just so happens that the lord has something to do with him, so the two of us will serve him and take him back." After a while, the two of them laughed strangely, and a frenzy appeared on the corners of their mouths. The two of them were naturally Ling Yu. vassal, these actions are naturally also Ling Yu's instigation.

Xiao Yan is the enemy wanted by the Lord. If the two of them can arrest him, the reward that the Lord gave them would be enough to make them really jealous.

"Boy, He Fang Xiaoxiao, register your name." After a while, the burly man stepped forward directly, and a strong breath suddenly emerged.

"Three four-star Dou Xian mid-stage powerhouses, and this guy is still of the earth attribute..."

"But this time, since it's here, let's stay here forever." Xiao Yan's whole body was covered with fiery red flames, like a fire god. The dry heat in Furnace Cliff was rendered to the extreme, for nothing else, just because these two guys had the same breath as Qing Yunkun! The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://