Chapter Vol 4 1304: 6 Holy Religion and Fenghua Valley!

"Who are you..." Being stopped by a man and a woman, Xiao Yan suddenly turned around and asked the two of them.

There is an extremely tyrannical oppression on the two of them. After all, the power generated by the two-star Douxian Perfection level powerhouse cannot be underestimated.

"Hey, isn't this Feng Yu and Shuli?" The next moment, Liu Qing and Du Qifei came up slightly, and suddenly a total of six people, four women and two men, slowly appeared together.

"This voice...Sister Qifei?" The woman frowned when she heard the words, looking at Du Qifei who had been dressed up in disguise, and after some thought, she immediately recognized her.

"Sister Spider Li has good eyesight." Duan Qifei smiled, she never thought that she would be recognized by others even after she carefully dressed up.

"You know each other?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"I'll introduce you to me."

"This is Feng Yu, the young master of Fenghua Valley, and this is his fiancee, Spider Li of the Six Saints Religion." Du Qifei laughed.

"Maple Rain Spider Li?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately looked at the two of them carefully, only to see a faint oppression slowly coming out of Feng Yu, a silver robe, and angular facial features. It's not so handsome, but it's also very beautiful. On the body of Shili, his face is quite dark and pale, and the patterns of spiders and scorpions appear on the clothes. There seems to be something vaguely surrounding his face to set it off. quite mysterious.

Both of them have a piece of jade pendant invariably on their bodies. You don't need to think about it to know that it must be a piece.

"It's under Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Hehe, the two of us just saw that Brother Xiao Yan's strength is somewhat strong, so it's not too much to want to be friends with Brother Xiao Yan, right?" Feng Yu said with a smile.

"Fortunate to meet you." Xiao Yan thought while smiling as he coped with it.

These two, Feng Yu and Zhu Li, will undoubtedly be the most tyrannical opponents in this competition. Without the use of Sheng Yan, Xiao Yan has no chance of defeating them, but because of the special nature of Sheng Yan , Xiao Yan did not dare to use it rashly.

"Contestant No. 5, please enter." In the sky, Du Tianfeng's voice kept ringing.

"It's time for my competition, we'll talk later, Li'er, I'll come when I go." Feng Yu smiled and then disappeared into the competitive mountain range.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How?"

"Are you sure about dealing with these two guys?" Du Qifei couldn't help but asked Xiao Yan.

"I don't know." Xiao Yan shook his head.

The eight major forces in this Thunder City can almost be regarded as the strongest in the entire Eastern Continent. If the battle just now hadn't been made by Mu Xiao, I am afraid it would have been a fierce battle, and the two Feng Yu were undoubtedly more powerful than Mu Xiao.

"A two-star Douxian complete powerhouse... This is probably the most tyrannical opponent in this competition."

"The only guy who is fighting against him is a late two-star Dou Xian. It seems that guy is going to be unlucky." A contestant couldn't help but said.

"The game begins!" As Du Tianfeng's voice fell, there was no movement in the competitive mountain range, and it was extremely calm.

"Do you need me to do it or do you leave by yourself?" Feng Yu squinted at the man in front of him.

"In the late stage of the Two-Star Dou Xian, the earth attribute, you have no chance of winning in my hands. Even if you don't admit defeat, you will just eat more flesh and blood." The next moment, the man's information was revealed by Feng Yu.

"If you want me to admit defeat, you are dreaming!" The earth-attribute man shouted loudly, and then the dazzling earth-attribute yellow grudge filled him instantly.

As soon as it spread out, an extremely tyrannical sense of oppression came slowly. The earth attribute is the most terrifying existence in defense.

"Space strangulation!" Feng Yu didn't have any intention of keeping his hands, a silver vindictive aura emerged instantly, and then burst out.

The next moment, that silver vindictive aura emerged directly beside the earth attribute man, and immediately distorted the void where he was!

"The shield of rock and soil!" The earth attribute man is indeed a late stage two-star Douxian, watching this guy's terrifying space attack, then forming a rock protection on his skin, and then forming a thick temporary shield in front of him Wall, trying to block Feng Yu's attack.

"Whoosh whoosh!" The power of space strangulation is naturally not as weak as the earth-type man imagined. In an instant, the void and defensive rocks around him became extremely unstable, and a wave of death accompanied by ear-piercing waves A voice emerges.

"Not good!" Seeing this, the earth attribute couldn't help shouting loudly. He just wanted to mobilize the breath in his body for defense, but was caught off guard by Feng Yu.

"late!"

"Space Vortex!" The next moment, all the rocks that the earth-type man used to defend were immediately wiped out by Feng Yu's fearful strangulation. After a while, Feng Yu smiled slightly, and then a space vortex full of endless suction emerged instantly. . .

"Crash!" The vortex of space just emerged, and it suddenly had an extremely powerful suction, as if it wanted to absorb all the creatures in this mountain range.

"you lose."

"The power of space strangulation is not bad, but the way you defend is good, but you underestimate the power of space vortex."

"The power of the space vortex is extremely terrifying. If it is absorbed, it is very likely to be introduced into the mysterious area. You don't know how you will die." Duan Tianfeng came to the earth attribute man explained.

"Thank you, the third master." The earthy man didn't seem to care too much about his failure.

"You bastard, the space vortex should be used sparingly. After all, this is not a child's play." After a while, Duan Tianfeng also scolded Feng Yu.

"En." Feng Yu heard the words and nodded lightly. Obviously, as a space department, he knew the tyranny and threat of the space department better than anyone else. After speaking, he also left the competitive mountain range and returned to the sidelines.

"This guy is actually a space system?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but say after seeing such a thunderous means to defeat his opponent.

"He is indeed a space system, and his space system changes a lot. The last time I played against him, I just got a draw." Du Qifei said lazily on the side.

"A tie?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be shocked when he heard this.

This forging Qifei's strength is only in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian, while Feng Yu's strength is a genuine two-star Dou Xian perfection. This woman can even tie with him, which is enough to show that Tuo Qifei's strength is not bad.

"Let's go first." Xiao Yan shook his head and said. After speaking, he went back with Yu Ran Ran, but Liu Qing followed, as if he had something to do with Xiao Yan.

"Sister Liu Qing seems to have been mysterious since she met Xiao Yan, what's wrong?" Duo Qifei did not follow Xiao Yan and the three of them, but continued to watch the game here.

Feng Yu had just finished the game and originally wanted to have a discussion with Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan had already left, so he could only leave here with Spider Li.