Chapter Vol 4 1248: Make someone?

"You two, you know how to come back!" Sister Yuwei had just returned to the hall, and was immediately educated by the gloomy Yu Tianyue.

"Dad, we knew we were wrong..." Yuwei pouted and hurried to Yu Tianyue to support him, as if she knew she was wrong.

"Humph!"

"You two, if you run out like this, if something happens, what will I tell your mother?" Yu Tianyue said with a cold snort.

"Didn't we come back safely..." Yuwei whispered.

"Father, this is the material." After being educated for a while, Yu Ran Ran took out a rather exquisite collection ring from her bosom. In the collection ring, it undoubtedly contained materials for repairing the space teleportation formation.

"It's been hard work for the two of you. Let's go down and rest first. I have something to talk to this little friend." Yu Tianyue directly took Na Jie over, and then carefully put it away.

"Then let's go down first... Xiao Yan saved us twice, Daddy, don't embarrass him!" Yu Wei said softly, and then ran away without a trace.

"This girl..." Yu Tian Yue Fang couldn't help laughing as he watched the two girls leave.

"Senior is really lucky to have such two daughters..." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Okay, don't do this."

"You have a lot of secrets in this kid..." The next moment, Yu Tianyan said slightly.

"..." Xiao Yan frowned, obviously what does this guy mean?

Could it be that the holy flame or fighting spirit in his body has been discovered, and this old guy is going to kill people and steal them?

Xiao Yan couldn't help but his breath became fierce. If Yu Tianyue made any wrong move, he would act immediately. Although the strength of Sanxing Dou Xian in the later stage was enough to make him unable to eat, but in the worst case, Xiao Yan could only fight back.

"Okay, you guy, I'm just curious, I don't mean anything to you."

"And your strength is extremely tyrannical. I have a hunch that this time the ratio of Dongzhou will be a very good seedling."

"When the time comes, my two daughters are going too, so they will inevitably take care of each other." Yu Tianyue said.

"Take care..." Xiao Yan's head was full of black lines, this rain was not bad, she was strong and thoughtful, but this Yuwei was another matter.

"Thank you little friend this time, otherwise the fifth elder and Ye Sheng of Kuye Zhai will be troublesome." Yu Tianyue said.

"Then Ye Sheng seems to have been severely injured by my soul power attack, and Yuan Yuan was injured. I'm afraid these guys won't give up so easily." Xiao Yan didn't hide anything, he said.

The powerhouses in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian were still an extremely tyrannical pressure for Xiao Yan, so this made Xiao Yan not obliterate them at that time.

"Little friend Xiao Yan, don't worry, since you are my daughter's savior, then you are naturally a distinguished guest of our Yuzong. If Kuyezhai wants to make trouble with this, I will be the first to disagree with Yutianyue." Yutianyue also stated instantly. his tough attitude.

"That kid will thank senior first." Xiao Yan cupped his hands and smiled.

"In the next time, it will take some time to repair the space teleportation formation. You might as well stay in our Yuzong, and feel free to speak up if you need anything."

"Our Yuzong's power is similar to their Kuyezhai, so you can rest assured about safety," Yu Tianyue said.

"Then it's better to be respectful than to obey." Xiao Yan responded.

"Sect Master, it's not good!" Just as the two of them were chatting happily, a rush of guards rushed in directly from the gate of the mansion.

"What's the etiquette of being flustered?"

"What's wrong?" Yu Tianyue reprimanded before asking.

"The Master of Kuye Zhai Zhai took their third young master, Ye Sheng, to the door of our mansion, saying that he wanted us to hand over the murderer who murdered Ye Sheng, otherwise..." The guard said hesitantly.

"Otherwise what?" Yu Tianyue seemed to have expected it long ago, and was not too surprised.

"Otherwise, we will step down our Yuzong..." The guard whispered.

"It's arrogant, this Ye Kui is really getting more and more arrogant."

"Let's go, we'll meet them when we go out." Yu Tianyue spoke directly, and then Xiao Yan followed.

"Yue Tian Laoer, you hand over to me the murderer who killed my son, otherwise today, even if it is a fight to lose both, you will still have to ask for an explanation." At the door of the mansion, dozens of well-trained people from Yuzong The guards immediately became vigilant, waiting for Yu Tianyue's arrival.

"Hey, what's wrong?"

"Isn't this the entrance of Yuzong's mansion, Ye Ku and Ye Sheng, the current masters of Kuye Zhai, this Ye Sheng's breath is very disordered, and I think his origin is unstable..."

"Hehe, Ye Sheng has been suave all day long, so now he'll be punished... It looks like he deserves it!"

"Shhhh, keep your voice down, Ye Ku is like this, you want to die!" Some of the crowd gathered around and said each and every sentence in a very lively manner.

"This little bastard, I will give you a taste of how life is worse than death!" Ye Sheng was standing in front of the gate of Yuzong's mansion, but his face was extremely ugly. It was obvious that Xiao Yan's soul attack gave Too serious injury, even with the background of their Kuye Zhai, there is nothing they can do.

"Haha, what kind of wind is blowing the leaves of Kuyezhai today." After a while, Yu Tianyue and Xiao Yan slowly appeared at the door and laughed.

"Yutianyue, you are too embarrassed to say it!" Ye Ku saw Yutianyue, and immediately burst out in anger.

"Isn't this Ye Sheng's nephew, why is his breath so sluggish, what's the matter?" Yu Tianyue looked at Ye Sheng who was beside him with a look of surprise.

"You!" Ye Ku couldn't help but burst into blue veins on his hands, and was extremely angry.

"Yu Tianyue, I'm not talking nonsense with you."

"That person you are, is the culprit who injured my son. You handed him over to me. How do you understand this matter?" Ye Ku stared at Xiao Yan, wishing to eat half of Xiao Yan raw, extraordinarily fear.

"Did you say this?"

"This guy is the chief pharmacist that our Yuzong just recruited. Our Yuzong secretly sent someone to pick him up. Unexpectedly, he was intercepted and killed by the gangster on the way. However, the pharmacist was simply too powerful, and he shot directly and was seriously injured. Bad guy."

"Really, Sir Xiao Yan?" Yu Tianyue is also an old fox, and Yu Ran Ran secretly told himself that Ye Sheng was repelled by Xiao Yan's soul attack, hence this scene.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sect Master Yu said yes."

"Thanks, Sect Master Yu sent the elites of the sect to pick me up, but halfway through, I encountered an ambush by a gangster, and I accidentally failed to control the power of my soul, seriously injuring the gangster, and I don't know how the gangster is injured now. "Xiao Yan laughed, deliberately pretending to be somber.

"you!"

"you!"

"Yu Tianyue. You're deceiving people too much!" Ye Ku was very angry at Xiao Yan's acting like this, and couldn't help roaring in exasperation.

"I think it's a coincidence that the gangster who tried to kill us is exactly the same as the young master in front of him..." At the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan did not forget to make up for the knife.

"Father!" Ye Sheng heard that he was so humiliated, and felt resentment in his heart.

"Wait and see!"

"Let's go!" After Ye Ku finished speaking, the person with Ku Ye Zhai slowly disappeared here.

"It seems that this Yu Tianyue is also a hidden old fox, but this temper... I like it..." Seeing Yu Tianyue's bad idea to make Ye Ku Er popular, Xiao Yan also smiled and was very happy.