Chapter 311: Weird golden dirt!

"Master, this Doudi River seems to have no end, and it looks like it's going farther and farther..." Xiao Yan also flew in Doudi River for a long time, and also found something wrong.

"Hehe, you're going to the right place."

"This is just some means of defense for the owner of the tenth-rank Dou Emperor body."

"After all, this tenth-rank Dou Emperor's body is not only extremely powerful in this Burning Incense Pavilion, it is the only one that terrifies the entire Xuan Santian, so some special methods are reasonable."

"Having said that, but in my eyes, it's just a blindfold, and it's not very useful." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly, obviously gaining a lot of dragon energy in the secret realm of the Yin Corpse Forest, which made the Golden Dragon King's strength. It has also recovered a lot. Xiao Yan can hear that his master, the Golden Dragon King, now has a lot of confidence. This confidence often comes from strong strength...

According to Xiao Yan's guess, the current strength of his master, the Golden Dragon King, is not as strong as that of the Xuanling King, but he is definitely not weaker than Mu Xuzi!

Chang Yu is a strong man of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. As for their deputy hall master, Mu Xuzi, his strength should be stronger than Chang Yu!

The strength of King Xuanling is that he stepped into the realm of Nine Star Dou Emperor and entered the realm of Rank Nine.

Therefore, the current strength of his master Jinlong King should be between Mu Xuzi and Xuanling King.

"Wait a minute." Just as Xiao Yan came to a place where the light was not very bright, the voice of the Golden Dragon King appeared.

"Huh?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan also stopped his speed, and then stood blankly above the void of Dou Di River.

"The energy fluctuations here..."

"It seems to be different from other places..." Xiao Yan also discovered something after careful investigation.

It seems that the space around him is quite strange. The other forces in this space are far away, as if they are very afraid of the space where Xiao Yan is!

"Roar!" The Golden Dragon King also snorted viciously at the space in front of him, and then Xiao Yan also discovered that the space in front of him seemed to have some squirming changes under the roar of his master, the Golden Dragon King. !

In the sky originally covered with white light, a golden door appeared at this time, and I don't know where it leads.

"Follow me." The Golden Dragon King also said, and then walked in first.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he hurriedly followed.

Just stepping into the doorway in front of him, Xiao Yan's first feeling was that he had entered a strange space.

However, I remembered what Mu Xuzi said, so I thought that coming to this strange space was also a space to obtain the body of a Dou Emperor.

"Be careful, this is an independent space, and it should be the place where the tenth-rank Dou Emperor's body exists..."

"However, the tenth-rank Dou Emperor's body is not so easy to obtain." The Golden Dragon King's voice also said slowly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King, when their figures moved, the scene in front of them also changed, and the next moment, their eyes brightened.

The first thing that caught Xiao Yan's eyes was a relatively flat piece of land.

On top of the ground, the golden soil also attracted Xiao Yan's attention.

"How come the soil here is golden?" Xiao Yan also wondered, and the next moment, a huge soul force was instantly covered.

"Shabu!" At the moment when Xiao Yan's enormous soul power appeared, the golden soil also changed, and then at a speed visible to the naked eye, it devoured the invisible soul power displayed by Xiao Yan!

"What exactly is this golden clay!"

"It can actually devour my soul power?" Xiao Yan was also shocked, obviously he did not expect that the seemingly ordinary golden clay in front of him contained such terrifying power!

Moreover, it was the first time that Xiao Yan saw such a strange phenomenon, and he immediately looked around with vigilance.

His eyes kept sweeping back and forth, and he found that nothing was out of the ordinary, and then he frowned.

"Could it be wrong?" Xiao Yan also said.

Because what appeared in front of Xiao Yan at this time was only a piece of extremely flat golden soil, and as for the land, there was nothing.

"Master?" Xiao Yan also raised his voice by a few decibels, and then slowly faced his master Jinlong Wang Dao standing above his head.

"Looks like we did nothing wrong."

"The body of the tenth-rank fighting emperor should be here." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

The next moment, the Golden Dragon King also continued: "Look at the golden clay in front of you and show your spiritual power."

"Yeah." Xiao Yan heard that, although he didn't know why, he suppressed his curiosity, then closed his eyes, and communicated with the inscription of "magic movement" in the depths of Ni Gong Wan in his body.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan also directly summoned the divine movement core inscription, and then an invisible force slowly radiated from the divine movement core inscription.

Immediately, an invisible spiritual force also filled this golden land.

Just as Xiao Yan opened his eyes, he felt a strange aura, and then the next moment, the golden soil beneath his feet seemed to have life, and an ancient aura appeared instantly along with the golden light that filled the entire space!

With the appearance of golden rays of light, above the originally empty golden land, a splendid golden hall slowly rose up!

The main hall is in the shape of a circle, and it seems to be closed, and there is no trace of it from the outside, but it is certain that this main hall should be the place where the body of the tenth-rank Dou Di is stored!

Besides this hall, the most striking thing is the top of the hall.

Somewhere, there seems to be a lifelike statue.

The statue stood slowly, pointing at the sky with one hand, and the other hand behind the back opened her mouth slightly, obviously telling something. If you look closely, you can see that the pupil of the statue is between the eyes. It also slowly exudes a different look!

A statue can actually do so much, and the person who carved it is enough to be called a master craftsman!

I don't know why, the moment Xiao Yan saw this statue, he felt a sense of fear in his heart!

It's like the statue is alive!

"This breath..."

"Immortal Emperor!" The Golden Dragon King's voice increased a few decibels obviously, and then stared at the top of a great hall.

On the top of the main hall, a statue is slowly standing on it!

And even if they were far apart, Xiao Yan could feel an aura of destruction from this statue!

"Immortal Emperor?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled, and then looked at his master, the Golden Dragon King, with a murmur.

"I didn't expect to meet the Immortal Emperor here!" There was still a lot of surprise in the voice of the Golden Dragon King, and after a short period of surprise, he also recovered, and then his eyes sank slightly, and he said.

"This immortal emperor is a hero."

"Remember that tens of thousands of years ago, the aliens invaded the human world on a large scale. With his own strength, this immortal emperor forcibly resisted the two emperor-level powerhouses of the aliens!" Jin Long's flat voice, but Hearing Xiao Yan's ears, there was a violent wave!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм