Chapter Vol 2 847: front hall

"That's the mysterious elf?" With Xiao Yan and Meng Fei's dazzling flames, the true face of the mysterious elf was immediately recognized by everyone.

The mysterious elf was quietly suspended above the heads of everyone. It was about one meter high. The whole body was as weak as a page of white paper. Moreover, the mysterious elf was covered with a layer of black skin. This creature had no hands, but its feet were like spiders. , small and long, there are as many as ten, the pupils are black, the corners of the mouth are raised with a few fangs, and the blood fluctuates at the corners of the mouth, making people shudder at first glance!

"Boom boom boom!" At this time, the mysterious elf was pinned to death by Feng Hong's three trials and was imprisoned above everyone's heads. At this time, Xiao Yan's dazzling flames and Meng Fei's fierce attack came to him in an instant. .

"Zizi!" The mysterious elf didn't know what strange sound it made, and then the black pupils were filled with fear!

The two dazzling flames in front of them are likely to kill it directly!

"Wow!" No matter how hard the mysterious elf struggled, he couldn't break free from the shackles of the judgment nail. After a while, the second group of flames with the power of destruction instantly burned the mysterious elf's body.

The flame just touched the mysterious elf, and the mysterious elf's body was instantly ignited, and the miserable voice kept echoing here.

"It's finally over." After a few breaths, the mysterious elf was burned to the ground in front of everyone, and then some strong people couldn't help but say.

The tyranny of the mysterious elves is far beyond their imagination. If it wasn't for the fact that Feng Hong happened to have a scroll of light-type fighting skills in his hand, I'm afraid it would have taken a lot of effort today.

"This guy's flame is so weird, it actually made me feel uneasy." Meng Fei stared at Xiao Yan thoughtfully. Obviously, the flame attack launched by the two just now had an outstanding soul power. Meng Fei obviously found out from it. what.

"okay."

"The mysterious elves have completely fallen, not even ashes remain."

"Now we can go inside." After three confirmations, Bing Shui slowly said to a group of strong men.

With the opening of the ice water, the vigilant hearts of these strong men suddenly relaxed slightly.

Mysterious elves come and go without a trace, and they can't use the power of life to deal with it, which undoubtedly limits their strength.

"Fire." Xiao Yan snorted softly, and then the two walls in the palace became bright everywhere.

"Here..." As the mysterious elves were completely reduced to ashes, the outer appearance of the palace suddenly appeared in front of everyone.

This palace is quite magnificent. The smooth and tidy floor and the geometrically arranged lights on the walls decorate the place very well. It is just strange that there is no other road until the end of the eye, as if there is only one way to get in here. .

"What is that?" On the flat ground, there was a conspicuously sunken pit appeared in front of everyone.

"Let's go and see?" The three of Gunny looked at each other at this time, and then went to the big pit.

Just after walking a few steps, the big pit appeared completely in front of everyone.

Everyone first smelled an extremely rancid smell, followed by bursts of nausea, and then their eyes stared straight at the big pit.

In the big pit, the area is not large, but it is bottomless. At this time, in the big pit, countless white bones appeared, including some human powerhouses who had just died not long ago, and their appearances were quite strange. It feels even more evil.

"This should be the human body eaten up by the mysterious elves."

"Mysterious elves are clean, and every time they are killed and eaten, they will put their corpses in their entirety."

"My dear, I don't know how many people this mysterious elf cannibalized." Meng Fei said a little shockingly.

The number of skeletons below is probably in the hundreds or thousands.

"These are not what we should be concerned about."

"Let's go." Bing Shui was extremely indifferent to these, glanced at him casually, and then opened his mouth.

"Let's go, I'll take someone back." Seeing that no one was moving around, Xiao Yan immediately said.

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he went directly with Mu Feng towards the entrance of the main hall.

"Xiao Yan, don't let your mind get caught in the door."

"This is the last inheritance place of Fairy Jiaoyue. We don't know enough about what's inside. You still want to..." Wang Xie said gloomily, although most of the powerhouses outside were only six-star fighting emperors, but victory There are too many in there.

"I can't control others, but my people won't sit outside and wait for their death." Xiao Yan finished speaking and decided to go out.

"Everyone said, is this guy..." Wang Xie just wanted to mobilize others against Xiao Yan, but found that others had no doubts about Xiao Yan's actions.

Xiao Yan will undoubtedly waste some time when they go out to take their people, and these time, they can just enter the hall. As for what treasures they can obtain, it all depends on their own good fortune.

"Let's go with him." Bing Shui said, and then opened his mouth.

"However, there doesn't seem to be a gate to the inside of this palace. How do I get in?" Facing Xiao Yan's actions, Feng Hong didn't say anything, but focused his eyes on the palace.

With the help of the lights on the wall, it can be clearly seen that this palace is just the entrance but the passage leading to the depths of the palace has disappeared inexplicably, so how do they get in?

"Yes, it's really weird." Hua Lexin also said.

But at the next moment, Hua Lexin put down the puppet he was carrying, and muttered something in his ear. After a few breaths, the puppet seemed to come alive. The strength of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor was undoubtedly demonstrated. .

"This guy should have found something." Seeing this, the strong men of Song Yue didn't care about Hua Lexin. After all, they didn't know much about this place, so they could only rely on others.

"Crackling." Hua Lexin controlled the puppet and probed the mystery here step by step, but no matter how Hua Lexin probed, it seemed that he couldn't find an exit.

"Strange..." Seeing this, Hua Le couldn't help but say.

"It's abominable, isn't this Fairy Moon dumping people?"

"It's clear that the ruins are for us to get, and there are so many leftovers, isn't this guy..." Meng Fei said, and after finishing his words, he slammed his fists against a wall.

"Clang!" With Meng Fei's exit, the sound of a stone door opening slowly sounded at the airtight entrance, and through the passage behind the stone door, it seemed that some creature slowly opened its pupils, What are you waiting for.

ask for a ticket

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм