Chapter 603: I am Xiao Yan

"Tsk tsk, the movement seems to be a bit loud..."

"Xinyan, come back first, this Fenxiang Pavilion is a terrifying powerhouse. Although it may not have bad intentions, it is necessary to guard against others." Xiao Yan looked at the explosion in the sky, and couldn't help but feel something from the burning incense in his heart. The interior of the pavilion exudes a vague aura, and immediately confronts the heart of the rock.

"I see, it's really troublesome."

"By the way, the dragon soul above your Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler was injured because of the energy clone caused by the previous fight against the blood demon. Now it has been closed under my treatment. I think that the next time you go out, the soul power should be able to recover a lot. "Xinyan swept into Xiao Yan's body, not forgetting to say a word.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded immediately. Regarding Long Yi's state at the time, Xiao Yan was very clear, but since he had Xinyan's help, Xiao Yan could rest assured. Spirit only.

"Next, let me see how powerful this Burning Heaven Territory is..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his whole body trembled, and a thick flame of power suddenly poured out!

The power of this flame seems to be different from the fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fires that Xiao Yan used before. In the intricately colored flame fighting qi, there is a faint aura of desolation.

"Hoohoo!" Seemingly provoked by Xiao Yan's attack, the Burning Heaven Territory, which enveloped the entire sky above the huge Burning Incense Pavilion, suddenly became irritable!

In the sky where Xiao Yan was located, an invisible fire python suddenly condensed!

The invisible fire python tore at Snake Xinzi and stared at Xiao Yan with resentment, but the power on his body was enough to destroy the world.

"As expected of the Fen Tianyu, I am afraid that the seven-star Dou Emperor will not be able to please the terrifying fluctuations alone, and looking at the battle, this Fen Tianyu has not yet exerted its full power, so I think it should be reserved." Xiao Yanguang was relying on this invisible The fire python has analyzed many things, all of which are based on Xiao Yan's skyrocketing soul power!

"Sisi!" The invisible fire python spit out, and suddenly a terrifying, scalp-tingling flame suddenly attacked Xiao Yan!

"It's good to come!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then the terrifying flame power instantly attached to the palm of his hand, and gently grasped the whistling flame!

At that time, the flame mixed with terrifying power did not escape Xiao Yan's grip, and immediately turned into a trace of smoke and escaped from the gap between Xiao Yan's palm.

"It seems that the power of this holy flame combined with the power of different fires makes it easy to face ordinary fire attribute powerhouses..."

"If the holy flame and the strange fire are fused, I am afraid that the battle will not change. It's just that the holy flame and the strange fire seem to be quite insoluble."

"Forget it, let's take one step at a time." Xiao Yan finished all this contentedly, and then fell directly, leaving the Burning Heaven Territory.

As for the invisible fire python in the Burning Heaven Territory, it disappeared after Xiao Yan left. After all, Xiao Yan and the others have already had the aura of the Burning Incense Pavilion in their bodies since they joined the Burning Incense Pavilion. He didn't use his full power, otherwise, let alone Xiao Yan now, I'm afraid Mu Xuzi wouldn't be able to gain much advantage from Burning Tianyu.

"Now my strength is only in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, but I still have the power to fight against some six-star Dou-Emperor powerhouses, and even some powerhouses in the early-stage Seven-Star Dou-Emperor can try it." Xiao Yan had just fallen When he reached the ground, he kept circling in his heart. Obviously, after swallowing the holy flame, not only did his strength skyrocket, but it also made the sea of ​​fighting qi in Xiao Yan's body even more strange!

Ordinary people's fighting qi sea, if they are promoted to the six-star Dou Emperor, there will be a kind of transformation, which will cause the fighting qi sea to shrink. After all, if you want to step into the Dou Xian in the future, compressing the fighting qi sea is something that every Dou emperor must do.

What just left Xiao Yan speechless was that the huge fighting qi in the ocean of fighting qi, like a vast ocean, actually condensed into a fiery beast with a size of hundreds of feet, which made Xiao Yan quite puzzled.

However, Xiao Yan could feel that the volume of his Dou Qi sea was less terrifying than some Seven Star Dou Emperors.

"Let's go, go back first, if you want to come to Xiaoyi, they should have come back long ago."

"I don't know how long it has been..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he followed the road, because Xiao Yan remembered that the Fenxiang Pavilion seemed to be divided into three halls of heaven, earth and people. Rumors are the core of the entire Burning Incense Pavilion, and it has very few disciples, probably only single digits.

The second place is the Earth Palace. The Earth Palace has the largest number of disciples in the Fenxiang Pavilion. Although it cannot be said that there are many disciples to be ranked second, after all, the disciples in this Earth Palace are undoubtedly stronger than the Human Palace. Some.

The last one in the ranking was the Hall of People that Xiao Yan joined.

Although the Hall of People ranked last, not to mention Burning Incense Pavilion, even the entire Xuan Santian was not unfamiliar with this name. The reason was that there was only one memorable thing in the Hall of People!

Holy rank fighting skills, move the ruler!

This is the famous fighting skill of the entire Burning Incense Pavilion. Except for the first generation of the Burning Incense Pavilion master who learned it and passed it on, no one disciple has learned it for thousands of years.

Although no one has learned it, this thing will not fade out of people's sight with the passage of time. After all, holy rank fighting skills are enough to be called a real treasure!

"This senior brother, do you look very good-looking?" Just as Xiao Yan was walking slowly towards the Hall of People, the three figures came here and said to Xiao Yan.

The three figures were Ye Qing and the three who went to check on the Burning Heaven Territory!

The three of them just saw a stranger appear above the Burning Heaven Territory, and they also excited some of the power of the Burning Heaven Territory. They immediately went to check, but when they were very close to the Burning Heaven Territory, they found that the Burning Heaven Territory. Zaidu regained his calm, as if there was no change, which stumped Ye Qing and the three of them. After all, this matter was personally explained by their second senior brother in the hall. If there was any loss, they would be to blame.

"Oh oh oh I seem to have made a mistake. I just came back from my experience, and I'm a little unfamiliar and can't remember the way." Xiao Yan said with a hearty smile.

"Strangers can't remember the way?" Ye Qing frowned upon hearing this, as if remembering something.

"I don't know how this senior brother got to the Hall of Humanity?" Xiao Yan said after seeing that there was no one around.

"Hehe, if the Temple of Humanity is to say, just walk straight from here and go out."

"But by the way, this junior brother looks very good-looking?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Did junior brother see the outsider who just broke into our Burning Incense Pavilion and Burning Heaven Domain?" Ye Qing's series of questions made Xiao Yan feel ashamed.

Xiao Yan clearly tried the invisible fire python at a very fast speed, just to see the power in his body.

"To be honest, I'm... Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan scratched his head and smiled at the three Ye Qing.

"You are Xiao Yan?"

"You Xiao Yan who disappeared for five years in the Hall of People?"

"It is said that the person who won the first place in the points looting competition and defeated the twin ghost emperors?" Ye Qing heard the words, and immediately frowned, for some reason, the strength of this person in front of him actually made Ye Qing feel a sense of danger!

"If there is no one with the same name and surname as me in Fenxiang Pavilion, then what you said should be me." Xiao Yan waved to Ye Qing and the three of them, and then walked directly.

Ask for tickets!