Chapter 148: 9 Super Sects (Part 1)!

On the top floor of the "Ferry Boat", Hu Du's eyes were all swept to the second floor of the boat below. Obviously, their belongings were also discovered, but Hu Du did not stop them too much. It can be regarded as a way for young people to relieve their worries. Immediately, he injected a trace of vindictiveness into the "ferry boat", and then continued to close his eyes.

In a room not far away, Mueller also noticed the movements of several people, then his eyes were cold, and the corners of his mouth raised a touch of sarcasm and contempt.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's really a bunch of idiots who don't know what to do. After you arrive at Xuan Sansan, you will know how ridiculous your agreement today is after you have met the real heroes of the sky..."

"Xiao Yan, don't worry, if you kill Wucheng, the people of that force will definitely not let you go, and you will feel better when the time comes."

"But I really have to thank you. If you hadn't killed Wucheng, they wouldn't have increased my training..."

The living dead also noticed the movements of several people, but also ignored them and continued to close their eyes and rest.

After three rounds of drinking, everyone was not at all intoxicated.

"I wonder if everyone has any information about Xuan Santian?" Xiao Yan also felt the need to ask.

"Hey, hey, you've asked the right person." Wang Zhong also laughed.

"Before I went out, my master told me about some super sects within the three days of Xuan."

"Xuantiantian is a land with a very high concentration of fighting qi, with a radius of ten thousand miles. On this land, there are nine super sects on the bright side. Of course, there are more or less sects that are not above the rankings. Some hidden sects are also excluded."

"Oh?"

"What about the nine super sects?" Xiao Yan also looked at Wang Zhong with great interest, and when a few people next to him heard the words, they also turned their attention to Wang Zhong.

Although Xiao Yan had previously heard Qing Yuan say that the powers on the Xuanling Continent can basically be divided into one country, two pavilions, three valleys and four sects, but Wang Zhong certainly did not explain it carefully, so he listened to Wang Zhong's words attentively.

"As we all know, our Xuanling Continent is divided into two major races, humans and monsters. Our human forces are roughly divided into one country, two pavilions, three valleys and four sects. Of course, there are some equally powerful forces that few people know about."

"In the Xuanling Continent, the real peak powerhouses and sects are gathered on the fertile land of Xuansantian, and the Xuanling royal family is not included. After all, they are the representatives of our Xuanling Continent."

"The real super sects within Xuan Santian are divided into nine super sects."

"They are Burning Incense Pavilion, Wanhua Pavilion, Ancient Desolate Palace, Purgatory Hall, Solomon, Puppet Palace, Pill Valley, Heartless Palace, Wanjianmen nine super sects!" Wang Zhong also said slowly.

Everyone frowned when they heard this. Obviously, it was the first time they heard about the distribution of Xuantian's forces.

"Isn't the division of forces on the Xuanling Continent one country, two pavilions, three valleys and four sects?"

"Why are some forces not included in the super sect?" Xiao Yan was also an outsider, and he didn't know much about Xuanling Continent and Xuantian Santian.

"You must also know that Fenxiang Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion. The Fenxiang Pavilion is very strict in accepting apprentices. It only accepts people with fire attributes, and they must be men. There is no woman in the pavilion. It seems that the yang is prosperous and the yin is declining. It is not so harsh, but it is also opposed to the Fenxiang Pavilion. Wanhua only accepts women. It is rumored that the owner of the Wanhua Pavilion and the owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion have a marriage relationship. Created one of the two most powerful forces in the Xuanling Continent."

"And one country, two pavilions, three valleys and four sects, except for one country, that is, the power of the Xuanling royal family, all the powerful forces are also stationed in Xuantian, and they are not included in the nine super sects, just to show that they are with the world. There is no dispute, but after we go to Xuan Tiantian for selection, we can join any sect."

"It's just that these nine super sects are famous in Xuantian Santian." Feng Yi explained slowly to Xiao Yan.

"So that's the case." Xiao Yan was relieved. After all, he just thought that the three valleys of Pill Valley, Nightmare Valley and Astrology Valley, as well as the four sects with heritage, Poison Sect, Sword God Sect, Ming Sect, and Solomon are not in Xuanyuan. within three days.

Now I heard Feng Yiyi explain, it turned out that these sects were a little low-key, so they didn't care about the ranking.

"What Feng Guliang said is very true." Wang Zhong also laughed.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little moved. For him, among the nine super sects, apart from Fenxiang Pavilion, Solomon and Wanhua Pavilion, the rest of the sects were the first to hear about them. So it seems a little confused.

Feng Yi has already introduced the Fenxiang Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion, so Wang Zhong also continued.

"The Ancient Desolate Hall is one of the top super sects in Xuantian Santian. It is quite strict in accepting disciples. Although the powerhouses in the hall are not very good at using Dou Qi, they are all known for their physical tyranny. It also needs tyrannical strength, and it is rumored that the palace master will retreat with the full force of the physical body against the strong fighting immortals."

"There is a legend in the ancient desolate temple that there is a mysterious fighting skill called "Eight Dunjia". This fighting skill must be used in conjunction with the special exercises and tyrannical flesh in the temple. Propelling this fighting skill can instantly burst out shocking power."

Berserker Sun Ming also grinned. Obviously, this time he went to Xuantian Santian to go to this ancient desolate palace. If he can acquire this fighting skill, his future can be said to be limitless.

"Eight Dunjia? It's really the first physical fighting skill I have ever seen, but if the eight doors are fully opened, it will consume too much vitality, and a careless loss will also be lost, but I have to say that this fighting skill is really strong. !" Xiao Yan also heard the voice of his master Golden Dragon King in his mind Xiao Yan was also a little surprised by this, because of the existence of Hu Du, his own master Golden Dragon King appeared less often. After all, if it is discovered, it is inevitable that someone will conspire, so it is better to be careful.

However, it is enough to make his master Jin Longwang, who has always been a master of the art, praise this "Eight Dunjia", which is enough to show its tyranny.

"If there is a chance, I really want to practice..." Xiao Yan heard that Wang Zhong finished speaking, but also slowly whispered, after all, the physical body is indestructible, and this alone is enough to make countless people jealous.

"Cut, don't think about it. Although this fighting technique is very powerful, it is not suitable for you. You must know that this fighting technique can devour life force in exchange for powerful strength."

"As soon as the eight gates are opened, although enough power to turn the tide of the battle can burst out in an instant, it's not far from death, so don't mess with this kind of thing, kid." The Golden Dragon King also found that Hu Du was in control of the ferry, and then also Don't worry, you can spread some things to Xiao Yan, otherwise, with Xiao Yan's current situation, if it is rumored that this Xiao Yan is his disciple, it will not be a shame.

"Tuoshe's disciple should also be regarded as his own disciple..." The Golden Dragon King thought so.

Xiao Yan naturally did not know what his master Jinlong King was thinking at this time, so he kept silent and continued to listen to Wang Zhong.

Ask for a ticket~

Start patching today!

Code the word right away, code each chapter and send a chapter, it is estimated that it will look like four or five chapters today~