Chapter 567: Weird Shanling!

"Shabu!" The three figures kept moving, and in a short time they came to the center of this desert mountain range!

"This is it!" Xiao Yan's pupils clenched tightly, and an unparalleled shocking scene attracted Xiao Yan's eyes!

Here, it is an extremely huge duel arena!

In the duel arena, all around are surrounded by red and yellow rocks, towering into the clouds!

As for the dueling arena, it looks like an ellipse!

In the dueling arena, a scene that shocked Xiao Yan slowly appeared!

There were very few things visible in the dueling arena, but every one of them shook Xiao Yan's state of mind!

In the dueling arena, the most massive is the towering giant hand made of extremely huge rocks, shooting straight from the sky to the ground!

The rock that forms the giant hand of the sky is just like the other rocks at the top of the desert mountain range. The outside is extremely solid, and the inside is wrapped in flames, which is extremely hot!

"This thing seems to be the same thing that appeared and disappeared on the mural I saw before..." Xiao Yan couldn't help taking a deep breath when he saw this, and then said slowly.

As for the place photographed by the giant hand in the sky, there is a faint silhouette that cannot be found if you don't look carefully!

The figure's body was flashing with a hint of purple gold, but it was like a trace of gas that would dissipate at any time. It was very strange!

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't pay too much attention to the purple-gold figures because of the distance.

"Here, this is the strange mural I found when I entered the five-story barren road... At first I thought it was something, but it turned out to be the projection on the top of this desert mountain range!" Xiao Yan suddenly realized!

Immediately, he was looking at the figure taken by the giant hand in the sky!

I have clearly seen it before, the power of this giant hand in the sky, I am afraid that the powerhouse of the Dou Emperor peak can be killed, and the powerhouse who can be attacked by such a terrifying means is probably only the legendary alien race.

However, Xiao Yan soon realized that he was wrong, it seems that the figure under the giant hand in the sky was not the one Xiao Yan had seen before!

Because at this time, the figure under the giant hand in the sky doesn't have any breath, not even the power of life!

"Strange, what is going on here?" Xiao Yan was also surprised when he heard this!

I had seen the figure taken by this giant hand in the sky and the figure taken by the giant hand in the sky before. At this time, there are people and scenes in front of me.

When Xiao Yan first saw the figure under this giant hand in the sky, the cold hair stood up, and his soul seemed to be evaporated!

Xiao Yan shook his head, and then he stopped staring at the figure under the giant hand, but when Xiao Yan looked away, a trace of black appeared on the purple-gold figure, and it was fleeting!

As for other places, just above the giant hand of the sky, a throne appeared impressively!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It is strange to say that on the throne, there is no gold and silver jewelry, nor any decoration, and some are just extremely simple wooden materials!

The wood fiber is extremely soft, and it looks like it has been carefully carved by someone. The wood fiber is transformed into dragons and phoenixes, which are divided into two sides around the throne, which looks quite domineering!

"It seems that this throne should be the place where the owner of the manor sits!" Xiao Yan murmured, obviously feeling a very strong wood attribute aura from the throne, and even a looming terrifying aura softened. emerges slowly.

As for Shanling, her eyes have never left the throne since the very beginning. It seems that the throne has brought back many bad memories for her.

"Sister Shanling..." Seeing this, Shanyao on the side couldn't help being shocked. She just wanted to comfort Shanling, but was stopped by Shanling's words.

"Don't worry, I'm not as fragile as you think, otherwise how can I protect you, the little princess of Tianmuyu?" With a smile, Shan Ling's jade hand gently supported Shan Yao's fragrant shoulder.

"Yes." Seeing this, Shanyao couldn't help feeling warm.

Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and immediately began to look at the dueling arena.

The wood on the throne is extremely precious, even if he glanced at it, Xiao Yan felt that the throne was faintly glowing!

As for the throne, there is an extremely ferocious giant cauldron!

The entire body of the giant cauldron is khaki, but the mouth of the cauldron has as many as six!

"This cauldron... is definitely a good cauldron!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but praise slowly in his heart.

Generally, there are at most two cauldrons in the medicine cauldrons on the market. Even if it is the most cauldron, its value is really low!

Because there are many cauldrons, but most of them have rough workmanship, but the cauldron in front of them is different!

This cauldron light is the faint aura on the cauldron body, plus the finesse of workmanship, you can know that this cauldron is extraordinary!

"There seems to be something in this cauldron?" Xiao's joy has not stopped, but it seems that there is something hidden in this cauldron!

"Plop!" Xiao Yan took a slight step forward, but was stopped by a transparent barrier.

"There... there is a very strong creature!" Shan Ling's face changed slightly, and she looked at the dueling arena vigilantly and said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately became vigilant!

Because just now, when Xiao Yan touched this colorless barrier, an astonishing aura instantly appeared in the duel arena. Although it was fleeting, it was still discovered by Xiao Yan and Shan Ling.

"I have some confidence!" Shan Ling asked with a sullen face, because the speed and fluctuation of the creature just now were only for a moment, it was difficult for Shan Ling to distinguish his specific strength, and immediately asked Xiao Yan.

"do not know."

"But to be honest, the reason why I was able to destroy that mighty Gorefiend general is because I have some secrets in my body, but what I want to tell you is that that thing is temporarily unavailable." Xiao Yan said also vigilantly~www. mtlnovel.com ~ what? "

"Then you promised me to come to the top of this desert mountain range!"

"Aren't you going to die!"

"Let's go back!" When Shan Ling heard the words, she immediately burst into anger!

What is this Xiao Yan doing!

Do you really think that you are lawless with the strength of the five-star Dou Di in the early days?

Since Xiao Yan himself said that he could eliminate the Gorefiend on Snake Punishment because of some secrets on his body, but now the creatures in the duel field in front of him are obviously more powerful than Gorefiends. If they enter indiscriminately, I'm afraid it's the same as sending death!

"No, I must get the Holy Flame!" Xiao Yan said firmly.

Since I can already be sure that Sheng Yan is in this duel arena, then no matter what, Xiao Yan left without regard for it!

After all, the evolution of Fen Jue can only rely on devouring the holy flame!

As for things like holy flame, you can't find it. If you miss today's opportunity, I'm afraid you'll have to wait until the year of the monkey and the month of the horse!

Moreover, Xiao Yan still has a lot of unsolved mysteries about the holy flames and different fires in his heart!

Solving the root of all this requires strength!

"And... I also promised you to help you solve that letter from your father."

"A manly man, it doesn't matter if you can't speak." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and the corner of his mouth squeezed a smile towards Shan Ling.

Ask for tickets!