Chapter 57: The situation of all parties!

Yueru's blue-colored Dou Qi and the gray guardian's silver thunder-type Dou Qi viciously smashed together, but the strange thing was that every time the two fought each other, they were almost evenly matched.

Yueru and Liu Yin were constantly circling with the gray guardian.

Xiao Yan sat down with his legs crossed, his body became crazy at the moment, and even the space around his body was shattered. Xiao Yan also knew that he was at the peak of the early stage of the three-star fighting emperor, and he was only one step away from the middle stage of the three-star fighting emperor. The vindictive energy in the body is already full, and the next step is the key to breakthrough.

On the other hand, look at the other five battles.

In the first place, Wang Zhong was fighting against a guardian. I saw that the black cloth in Wang Zhong's eyes had disappeared without a trace!

Wang Zhong also knows that the strength of this guardian must be more than the level of the peak of the three-star Dou Di, so he will do his best as soon as he makes a move!

The black cloth on his forehead was slowly removed by Wang Zhong, and strong breaths emanated from Wang Zhong's body, which was also the peak of the Three Star Dou Di! The black sword behind is also exuding terrifying power at this moment!

Wang Zhong has always been called a sword madman. In the past, when he competed with others, he killed many contestants because he did not control his sword properly.

In other words, this Wang Zhong, known as the Sword Maniac, will get out of control!

And the black cloth at the eyes is the core that controls Wang Zhong's loss of control. Now that Wang Zhong has taken off the black cloth, it means that Wang Zhong has entered a point where he may lose control at any time!

"Sword King City King Zhong, please enlighten me!"

Wang Zhong said to the guardian in front of him.

The guardian in front of Wang Zhong also frowned at Wang Zhong. Obviously, the guardian felt a terrifying power from Wang Zhong's strong eyes and the giant sword in his hand, and a war was about to break out!

The second place, Berserker Sun Ming.

Berserker Sun Ming is called a Berserker for a reason. His body has the bloodline of a Berserker since he was a child, and he can use his body to become mad to instantly increase his strength to a whole new level.

As soon as Sun Ming came up, he began to go crazy, his clothes exploded, revealing his burly figure, and some blue veins burst out in varying degrees on his muscles, and his strength also burst out at this moment!

The pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di!

Sun Ming also did not wait for the guardian to do anything, and directly used his body as the best means of attack to attack the guardian in front of him!

The most powerful thing of a Berserker is the physical strength, which is a symbol of the madness of the power to the limit!

The third place is Shenxu and Wuhuan.

The living dead looked gloomily at a guardian in front of him. Wu Huan was the main attacker, and he was the assistant.

However, after the fierce battle between Wu Huan and the guardian, the fight was inextricable.

However, the living dead don't dare to inflate too much, because the guardians they are facing are full of fire attribute aura, and they are suppressed to varying degrees. For the living dead, the fire attribute masculine aura is simply his. nemesis.

"Damn!"

The living dead were also suppressed to death by the guardian in front of them, and their whole body strength was limited by nine out of ten.

"I attack the front, you attack the rear."

Wu Huan also saw the situation of the living dead and couldn't help but say.

The fourth place, Fengyi and Yaomei.

This is the most interesting part of the whole battle. The team composed of Feng Yi's sophistication and enchanting enchanting makes people seem to have a different taste, but the guardian is not a vegetarian, and will not show mercy to beauties. .

The demon charm is constantly roaming and consuming the guardian with her body and fighting skills. Feng Yi exudes a terrifying fighting spirit all over her body, and uses her soul attack to assist the demon charm.

Obviously, the battle here will not end in a short period of time, because the two women do not have a particularly tyrannical means of attack, but fighting to consume and waiting for support is also a method.

The fifth place was Xiao Yan and the others.

The sixth place is composed of other powerhouses in the main hall.

Although there are hundreds of people besieging a guardian, it can be vaguely seen that this guardian is the most powerful of the six guardians, even if he has just woken up and his strength has not recovered, the guardian in front of him is the most powerful one. The strength is also a half-step four-star Dou Di!

You must know that the peak of the three-star Dou Di and the four-star Dou Di are not at the same level.

If it is said that the peak of the three-star Dou Di is the strongest in capturing the fortunes, then the half-step four-star Dou Di can handle ten peaks of the three-star Dou Di!

Although there are hundreds of people fighting in this last place, some of them are inevitably talented and powerful, but obviously no one is going to provoke them, they are just constantly dealing with the guardian.

"Boom boom boom!"

Yueru's whole body is covered in cyan vindictive aura, and she is constantly dealing with the gray guardian. The strange thing is that since the appearance of Yueru's cyan vindictive aura, the silver spear of the gray guardian seems to have disappeared.

But Yueru was also defeated by the grey guardian's attack!

Obviously, Yueru's mid-term strength of the three-star Dou Emperor is still a little difficult for this gray guardian to be at the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor.

Liu Yin is obviously also very surprised by the strength of this gray guardian. You must know that even the powerhouse of the peak of the three-star Dou Di has been frozen by her own ice fighting qi. How could it be impossible for the gray guardian to delay for even a second!

In fact, Liu Yin's strength is also extremely tyrannical. When Xiao Yan and the gray guardian attacked, the ice-cold fighting qi continued to infiltrate the guardian's feet silently, and spared the gray guardian to fight. The experience is extremely rich, and it was not discovered in the first time.

When he found out that the ice-cold fighting qi was about to freeze him, the thunder-tired fighting qi in his whole body exploded instantly, and he used the explosive power of the thunder to break free.

"Puff puff!"

Liu Yin touched the body of the icy blue bird with both hands, and then the icy blue bird also swelled up in an instant, its body became more than several times larger, and its breath also swelled at this moment, and it climbed impressively to a level comparable to that of a three-star Dou Di. peak!

At the same time, Liu Yin's aura seemed to be a little sluggish, and her face was pale.

The ice-blue bird exuded cold air all over, and the space around it couldn't help but freeze.

"Xiaohan, come on."

"Attack with this big sister!"

Liu Yin also dragged her weak body.

Liu Yin is the proud son of Heaven in the City of Ten Thousand Beasts. They practiced in the City of Ten Thousand Beasts by borrowing the power of monsters from themselves, or lending their power to monsters, so as to exude powerful power.

Obviously, what Liu Yin did at this time was to lend all her strength to Xiaohan, so that Xiaohan had enough strength to match the guardian, because she knew that even if her strength was rising at this time, she couldn't help the guardian. On the contrary, if you lend your power to Xiaohan, you may be able to delay for some time with Xiaohan's chill and attack!

And Liu Yin is not worried that Xiaohan will fight back after absorbing her own power, because she has lived with Xiaohan since she was a child. .