Chapter Vol 4 1705: 3 places!

"The ghost kingdom belongs to the powers of the kingdom, the great soul respects the soul and destroys the sky, and has long admired the name." Ji Mo waved his hand and directly covered the place. The scarlet energy slowly formed a field, which made people shudder.

"Head of the bodyguard of the West Temple, Ji Mo, it seems that those soul disciples are too useless." In Ji Mo's field, a trace of tyrannical pressure swept over, and Soul Mietian sneered.

Ji Mo is the head guard of the West Temple. No matter his strength or the powerhouse he can mobilize, he is far from being able to deal with him now. However, Ji Mo has forgotten that he is only the late stage strength of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, while Soul Destruction Heaven is not. It is the perfection level of Seven-Star Dou Xian. In addition to some treasures obtained from Lord Sanhunwei, the overall strength of today's Soul Mietian is truly comparable to the powerhouses in the early stage of Eight-Star Dou Xian. This is why Soul Mietian is so fearless. .

"Your ghost kingdom has illicitly cheated on human beings without authorization, established the power of the Soul Temple, and carried out some dirty things in the human world and the ghost world. These kind of bugs that people and gods are angry with, but everyone gets it and kills them." questioned.

"Sir Ji Mo really knows enough... But you, Li Hunyu, and we are also half a catty... So let's fight!" Hun Mietian knew that if he didn't deal with this guy, he would definitely block his plan.

And for the matter of the Lord of Soul Li, they have planned for a long time in the ghost kingdom. For this reason, Soul Mietian has also issued a military order with the Lord of the Hall of Soul Hall. Once the holy flame fails, maybe the Lord of Li Soul has successfully broken through and entered the reincarnation. Then the fate of the soul destroying the sky is undoubtedly extremely miserable.

"Boom!" With a sound, circles of energy like dark shackles suddenly burst out from the black robe of Soul Destruction Sky, filling Ji Mo's domain with an extreme gloomy aura.

"Poison attribute?" After a while, seeing Ji Mo's unmoved appearance, Soul Mietian couldn't help muttering.

Poison attribute, this attribute is quite rare, but the stronger the strength, the more tyrannical the combat power will be.

"That's right...but the reward is to send you to hell!" Without thinking about the strange ghost energy in Soul Mietian, Ji Mo suddenly urged his poison domain and launched an extremely tyrannical attack on Soul Mietian.

"Crash!" With a sound, the dazzling energy spewed out like a wave, and immediately vented this field into a very dangerous ocean.

"These two guys, if they fought so hard, aren't they afraid of attracting the powerhouses of the Western Temple?" Feeling the violent fluctuations in the battle between the two, You Er couldn't help but said.

"The Soul Palace is actually controlled by the power of the ghost kingdom and the human world. In that case, the soul clan is the native race, and this so-called soul palace is not a dictatorship of the soul clan. There should be some secrets between the two of them." Xiao Yan nodded.

"What should we do now?" After a while, You Er asked Xiao Yan. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

There is no way, the current fluctuation of the battle between the two Seven Star Fighting Immortals is too tyrannical, even with the isolation of the realm, it is still disturbing, so You Er asked.

"I can't stay here anymore, I always feel that Soul Mietian came prepared, we might as well be like this..." Xiao Yan whispered beside You Er.

"Is that so, if we are discovered, our fate will probably be even more dangerous." After hearing Xiao Yan's words, You Er couldn't help but frown. Although Xiao Yan's plan was feasible, it was dangerous. The coefficient is too high.

"We must give it a try, otherwise the two of us will not be able to successfully reach the retreat of the Lord of Souls, so it is also an opportunity not to be missed. If it fails, it is a big deal to find another opportunity." Xiao Yan nodded solemnly.

"Okay." Hearing the words, You Er nodded lightly, the two quietly retreated from the supplies, and with the help of Xiao Yan's disguise, they walked around the temple.

As for the forbidden cage and those swallowing flame crystals, they still fell into the hands of Hua Shao, the head of the Li Soul Guard, and he personally sent them to the retreat of the Li Soul Lord. It's just strange that since then, Ji Mo has It was as if it had disappeared, and it had never appeared. Instead, some soldiers patrolling in the West Temple were quite unfamiliar, but the people in the West Temple did not notice it.

The West Temple is suspended above the desert, and it is filled with a special energy to shield the damage of wind and sand and the dry temperature. As for its interior, it extends in all directions, and countless lines are intricately intertwined. This kind of complicated line , even Fang Hao himself may not be able to figure it out.

"There are so many routes here, how should we go?" Xiao Yan and the two were still disguised as two guards in charge of patrolling, but every time they encountered some forks, they would be in trouble, because each route leads to Places are not the same, if you choose the wrong one, it will be extremely time-consuming.

"..." Hearing this, You Er also rolled her eyes, and immediately took out a piece of parchment, and her beautiful eyes kept comparing back and forth between the parchment scroll and the dim passage in front of her.

"I..." Xiao Yan didn't want to look at the parchment, but he casually glanced at it. He didn't know if he didn't see it. When he saw it, he was startled, and Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

The parchment scroll in You'er's hand now records the most detailed construction diagram of the West Temple as a whole. With it, it is easy to enter the core of the Temple.

On this detailed map, it has clearly identified where there is danger and where it is safe. It is completely different from the map given to Xiao Yan because of the agreement.

The map in Xiao Yan's hand recorded the locations of the four major temples in the wild ghost desert. com can be said to be extremely rough, but now the map in You Er’s hand actually records the most detailed distribution of the West Temple, which made Xiao Yan feel like he was being tricked.

"This map was given to me by the teacher after I went back, so I didn't lie to you before." Seeing the change in Xiao Yan's face, You Er explained.

"Now, how should I go?" Xiao Yan asked calmly, not bothering with this girl for the time being.

There are too many powerhouses in the West Temple. Although he is in his heyday now, he should omit unnecessary troubles as much as possible, because at the end he has to face the Lord of Souls. At that time, the real deathmatch.

"In advance, this is the construction and distribution map of the West Temple at the beginning, but now that a thousand years have passed, I can't guarantee it is correct, but when I first entered, I glanced around, and it seemed to be the same as the map in my hand. It fits perfectly." You Er said to Xiao Yan.

"We are here now." After You Er finished speaking, he pointed his finger lightly at an area on the edge of the map, and said.

Xiao Yan heard the words and looked up, but found that this was a rather huge building, and the countless dense markings in the building made people dazzled. On the map, countless black dots appeared, and these black dots seemed to represent Some special meanings, and even the existence of some lines, are only on the map. The most striking ones are only the three red marks in the building.

"There are only two places in the entire shrine where Lord Li Hun may retreat." In the next moment, before Xiao Yan could react, You Er pointed to the two red marked areas on the edge of the building on the map at the same time.

When Xiao Yan stared at the red mark on the map, he was suddenly lost for a while.