Chapter 446: Go, the desert of death!

"Is this the feeling of a five-star fighting emperor..."

"Sure enough, it's not comparable to the Consummation of the Four-Star Dou Di!" Seeing this, the flaming beast fell asleep, and then also quit the cultivation state, his pupils suddenly opened, and he said, the surprise in his voice could not be concealed. !

If it was said that Xiao Yan's 4-star Dou Emperor's consummate strength had taken a lot of effort to deal with the initial stage of the 5-star Dou-Emperor, then at this time, Xiao Yan was able to say that Xiao Yan had no effort at all for the powerhouses of the early-stage Five-Star Dou-Emperor!

The current Xiao Yan, not only has an immortal body in his hands, which is enough to be called a tenth-rank Dou Emperor, but is also a powerhouse in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor!

Xiao Yan has confidence that his own strength in the early stage of the five-star Dou Emperor, coupled with the seven-fold sky-shattering ruler and immortal body, is not afraid of Xuanshan in the early stage of the six-star Dou Emperor of the Xuanling royal family who is traveling with him!

If this Xuanshan really wants to deal with him, he can also kill him!

Because Xiao Yan has this ability!

"I just don't know the strength of the old man beside Xuanshan..."

"A person who can make Xiao Yi somewhat incomprehensible, I am afraid that his strength is also extraordinary!" Xiao Yan said to himself.

"However, Xiaoyi is already in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. If the fish die and the net is broken, Xiaoyi's body is added to my immortal body. As long as the old man around Xuanshan is not the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, it is estimated that he will win. He, it's not difficult." Xiao Yan calmly analyzed.

"But having said that, Xiao Yi's identity as a fire elf is really special. Not only can he cultivate alone, but he can also be possessed by me and greatly increase my strength. This is really a good thing!" Xiao Yan was excited. road.

The possession of the fire elf has always been a trump card for Xiao Yi after she has been transformed into a human form alone!

After being possessed, Xiao Yan's strength will be greatly increased. Now Xiao Yan's strength in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, Xiaoyi's strength in the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, if the two are possessed, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's strength will be close to the Eight-Star Dou Emperor Consummation! It's just that it only lasts ten minutes, which is the biggest flaw.

"Boom boom boom!" As Xiao Yan broke through the initial stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, a huge message emerged from his soul realm!

"Did it succeed!" Xiao Yan was excited, because of this breath, he was the emperor-level mortal-level soul power clone who cultivated the seventh-level sky-shattering ruler in his soul realm before!

"The first level of the seven-layer breaking ruler is enough to deal with the three-star Dou Di..."

"The second wave stacks a thousand feet, and the ruler is like a fish. It is handy. At a very fast speed, it instantly transforms, and superimposes the power of a thousand feet. The power is enough to deal with the four-star Dou Di..."

"The third layer of shadows, the ultimate speed, leaving phantoms left, so that the opponent can be punished by instant starvation, the power is enough to deal with the five-star fighting emperor!"

A stream of information kept pouring into Xiao Yan's mind, and at the same time, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire also appeared in Xiao Yan's hands.

"Old man." Xiao Yan said softly while stroking the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng with both hands.

Yi Huo Heng, the ancient ruler, is quite spiritual, and responded to Xiao Yan humbly.

"Hehe, you are so bold and careful!" A funny voice came from above the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan scratched his head and smiled.

"The body takes the Dou Di Pill to advance to the five-star Dou Di, and the emperor's mortal-level soul power cultivates Dou skills and finally feeds back to himself. From ancient times to the present, I am afraid that you are the only one who can use it like this." Long Yi praised.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior, it's just opportunistic." Xiao Yan was not arrogant, he said humbly.

"Don't worry, even if the Golden Dragon King is not there, there are not many people who can move you in this little Xuan Sansan."

"At least it's impossible to touch you under the half-immortal." After Long Yi finished speaking, a burst of self-confidence emerged.

"Junior thanked Elder Long!" Xiao Yan said gratefully.

Although this Long Yi is quite proud, Xiao Yan knows that this Long Yi is not bad, but he was born into the dragon family. It is from the pride in his bones, and they cannot be allowed to fail, so this Long Yi is so eager to hope for a new life. Get a body.

Furthermore, it is the choice of the Golden Dragon King. This Xiao Yan is not only a pharmacist, but also the choice of the Golden Dragon King. In the future, whether Long Yi joins the Dragon Clan or acquires a body, it will be possible, so this Long Yi will be against Xiao Yan. Take care a little.

Outside the door, there are mountains and rivers, adding Xiao Yi, Mu Yingying and the four Blood Blade mercenary groups are all here.

"It's been a month, why hasn't this Yan Xiao come out yet?"

"Isn't something happened?" The coyote said first.

"Even if you take the Dou Di Pill, there is a possibility of failure to advance to the five-star Dou Di, so don't be impatient, just wait and see." Dashan said.

"It shouldn't fail." Tang Tang glanced at Dashan and said slightly dissatisfied.

If something happens to the alchemist, then they don't have to go to the desert this time, because only the alchemist can solve it.

"But if he doesn't come out, the black storm will inevitably come again, and we will have to wait again." The coyote continued!

"Give me quiet!"

"If we are going to the place where we are going this time, if there is no alchemist accompanying, then we might as well not go, otherwise, it is tantamount to going to death!"

"Wait a minute." Tang Tang said.

"Damn, this alchemist is really big." The coyote cursed secretly.

"Since this is the case, let's go. I believe that you have missed a lot of time to advance these days." Long Yi said.

"Yes." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he got up slightly and walked towards the door of the wooden house.

With a gentle push with both hands, the invisible soul power barrier was immediately taken back by Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, everyone Sorry for the long wait." Xiao Yan pushed open the door and found that many people had already gathered outside the door, and immediately said.

"Breakthrough?" Seeing this, Xiao Yi on the side hurried forward and said to Yan Xiao.

"En." Yan Xiao put on his black robe and said softly.

"So you broke through?" The next moment, Wu Yu was surprised.

He has been staring at Xiao Yan's residence this month. Even if Xiao Yan is isolated by his soul power, Wu Yu can still sense the state inside, because he knows the importance of their trip as a pharmacist, so once this practice If the pharmacist failed to break through, he would rush in without hesitation, otherwise once the refining pharmacist had an accident, their trip would come to an end.

Just a month later, Wu Yu didn't notice anything unusual in Yanxiao's room, and Yanxiao immediately said that he had broken through the Five-Star Dou Emperor, and he couldn't help being a little surprised!

The movement of breaking through the Five-Star Dou Emperor is not a little bit, this Yan Xiao actually broke through so quietly, this is really incredible!

"Since it's all right, let's go." Tang Tang didn't believe it at first, but after carefully sensing Yan Xiao's body, it was indeed the fluctuation of the five-star Dou Di in the early days, and he didn't say much.

"Let's go, the black storm has stopped, now is a good time to enter the desert of death!" After the coyote finished speaking, he also stepped out abruptly, facing the sky.

When everyone saw this, they nodded relative to each other, and then flew straight away, preparing to leave the forest and head towards the desert of death.

Ask for tickets!