Chapter Vol 4 2061: The commotion caused by the forbidden scroll!

The latest website: "Forbidden Scroll?"

"Heaven's sad rainbow?" As the voice of the medicine cloud fell, the voices of countless people in the arena suddenly became extremely loud and noisy, like a stormy wave, shocking the hearts and souls of countless people.

For some ordinary forces above Douyun Continent, a scroll of immortal art may be the treasure of their town gate. For ancient races, small, medium, and large-level immortal art are their heritage inheritance. one.

As for the forbidden scroll, I am afraid that even the ancient races, each clan only has one scroll, and the disciples within the clan may not be able to cultivate successfully, I am afraid that only the nobles of the clan can cultivate!

"Forbidden art... Scroll?" Xiao Yan's mouth became dry, he slowly licked the corner of his mouth, and said a little jerky.

Regarding the concept of forbidden art, Xiao Yan has still stayed at the forbidden art that was performed by the demon of light in Li Soul Domain. Those methods can be said to be truly earth-shattering, and Xiao Yan feels that the use of forbidden art scrolls is better than that of the forbidden art. Immortal arts are too difficult and complicated, but in contrast, the power of the fighting skill scrolls of the celestial arts cannot be compared with the forbidden arts.

Immortal art and forbidden art are fundamentally two-level things. After a qualitative change, a quantitative change is not at the same level!

According to Xiao Yan's understanding, after the Immortal Technique Dou Technique Scroll is the Forbidden Technique Dou Technique Scroll, and then is the highest level of the **** rank. Immortal Technique and Forbidden Technique cannot be the same rank at all, and I don't know the difference between the Great Thousand Worlds. Why did the authority in the middle juxtapose two completely different powers together? Could it be that they have misinterpreted the forbidden technique?

In any case, the forbidden arts and immortal arts rumored in the Great Thousand Worlds are generally of the same order, which is undoubtedly wrong.

"The power of forbidden art is not comparable to immortal art. Unless there are some top-level great immortal art, forbidden art is the rank that is close to the peak of Daqian World."

"Under the forbidden technique, all things are born and die. Even Brother Xiao Yan's holy flame fusion is weaker than the forbidden technique." Xun'er couldn't help but slowly spoke to Xiao Yan, apparently Gu Yuan and Xun'er had disclosed it before. The forbidden technique among the ancients, but Xun'er didn't have time to practice it.

However, there is no doubt that Gu Yuan must have cultivated a forbidden technique. In addition to the power of his Eight Star Fighting Immortals to touch reincarnation, the ancient clan can indeed be regarded as the second largest race among the eight ancient clans.

"Well, the value of this thing has reached a point where it is difficult to measure, let's take a look." Xiao Yan is not greedy, Xun'er and himself have both gained something, and naturally they don't have to hollow out all their wealth, and Xiao Yan knew that the power of this forbidden scroll would undoubtedly become the object of looting at this auction.

However, although Xiao Yan said that the next auction has nothing to do with Xiao Yan, there is still a little expectation in his heart. The value of this fourth auction item is so shocking, so what will the last auction item be? Stunning?

Today's Xiao Yan has one third of the medicinal materials used to refine the Reincarnation Pill. With the addition of the Nether Flame Python purchased by Xun'er, he might be able to rapidly evolve his fighting spirit, and Xiao Yan's combat power will skyrocket at that time.

"Forbidden Scroll?" Yaoyun's voice fell, including the old men of the five ancient clans, their bodies suddenly stiffened, and they said in unison.

They are already old and their strength has been difficult to improve. They can only work hard in other places. Fighting skills, etc. are undoubtedly the best way.

However, for them, ordinary immortal techniques are of little value, and at least intermediate or even heavenly immortal techniques are attractive.

However, the forbidden technique scrolls are different. If they can control a forbidden technique, they are enough to rely on the strength of the eight-star fighting immortal in the late stage, and they will be able to face the complete powerhouse of the eight-star fighting immortal!

This is the power of forbidden art!

The Forbidden Technique scroll in the Great Thousand Worlds and the Forbidden Technique in the Holy See are two things.

The so-called forbidden techniques in the Great Thousand Worlds are some mass-destructive fighting techniques, and the forbidden techniques of the Holy See come out through the power of light by chanting incantations as a carrier. The essence of the two is different.

But in general, no matter what kind of forbidden technique, the power of the forbidden technique comes from the power of the caster.

A powerhouse in the early stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal Stage to cast a forbidden technique is enough to completely obliterate a powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Stage, provided that there is time to perform the forbidden technique.

"It seems that this auction, we really did the right thing." At this moment, the pupils of the old monster Shen Xi became solemn, and the attraction of the forbidden scroll had made him temporarily let go of his prejudice against the ancient race. Knowing that once they get a scroll of forbidden art, I am afraid that their status in the Xiyue Sect will rise as a result.

"Old Shen, this thing?" Shen Hong and the two on the side also whispered.

"You must get it, no matter what the price!" Shen Xi said with a gloomy expression, the meaning of the words was very obvious.

In addition, not only them, but also the ancient five clans and some powerful minds with ghosts, their hearts became hot.

"Heaven's sad rainbow, this is a forbidden water attack technique."

"Once it is used, thousands of miles of territory and tens of thousands of miles of land will be instantly vanished, and the lethality is extremely terrifying."

"If you are successful in the auction, with their power and shock, you will undoubtedly become the next super race's competitors. I don't need to say more about the identity of the super race, right?" Seeing the uproar caused by the presence, Yaoyun continued. Opening his mouth, shocked everyone's minds that had not yet calmed down.

"Super race?" Hearing Yaoyun's words, the audience exploded.

"Weng buzzing!" A cyan water wave suddenly appeared, and it immediately enveloped the entire auction platform, layers of thick and heavy breaths rushed towards the face, even some low-strength Seven Star Fighting Immortals a A sense of dizziness emerged.

"Is the cyan scroll in the cyan water wave on the auction table the so-called forbidden technique?" With the emergence of the forbidden technique scroll, almost ten thousand people's breaths were squirming slightly, and the hot feeling in the body could no longer be contained.

"Boom!" After the blink of an eye, the cyan water wave was like a chain, completely locking the entire auction table. For a time, the void above the auction table was directly imprisoned. Unless Samsara shot, otherwise this level of Defense, no one can break.

"You don't have to panic, this is just some small means by our Yao family to ensure the safety of the auction items." Yao Yun smiled when he saw that the ten-layer chains around the cyan scroll were tightly bound.

On the cyan scroll, a touch of soft rainbow light is like a glorious and sacred palace, blooming with endless splendor and a majestic breath!

That kind of power is indeed superior to all things in the world. I am afraid that once this forbidden technique comes here, the entire Douyun Continent will be completely destroyed by its destructive power.

This time, the audience was boiling, their eyes became hot, and unspeakable heat emerged.