Chapter Vol 4 1221: 1 eyes power!

"what?"

"Three-eyed ghost pupil?" Hearing Liu Qing's affirmation, Thunder Snake and Yu Yifeng on the side couldn't help losing their voices.

Three-eyed ghost pupil!

This kind of creature is so special that almost everyone in the ghost world knows it!

Its strength is only average, even if the guardian's three-eyed ghost pupil's strength has reached the late Samsung Fighting Immortal Stage, with a human being in the early Samsung Fighting Immortal Stage, it can be easily obliterated.

But the most difficult thing is the ghost pupil of the three-eyed ghost pupil!

The three-eyed ghost pupil, the three-eyed ghost pupil, it is indeed too weak in terms of strength, but this kind of creature is purely composed of a special energy body, and that energy body is somewhat like a soul.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And the three-eyed ghost pupil, the most terrifying, is the power of ghost pupil, which is the so-called soul power.

The three-eyed ghost pupil has the power of three eyes in total, the one with the lowest power and the third with the strongest power. So far, no human being can survive after encountering the three-eyed ghost pupil. They are all without exception. For the nourishment of the three-eyed ghost pupil.

Sanmu Guitong has been the leader of the soul power since ancient times. The soul attack under the three eyes is afraid that no strong person of the same level can fight against it.

Soul power is inherently hard to guard against, let alone a creature that focuses on cultivating soul attacks.

"What should I do now?" Yu Yifeng looked at Xiao Yan and Liu Qing's serious eyes, and immediately said solemnly.

"Now this guy has only used the power of one eye. His own strength is only at the level of two-star fighting immortals. It shouldn't be difficult to gather the strength of the four of us."

"If you find his traces for a while, don't keep your hands, and use thunder to obliterate him. Otherwise, once he has a chance to use his second or third eyes, I'm afraid we will all die." Xiao Yan's voice was unusually solemn. road.

"It can't be so strong... Little brother, you are a strong person who is about to reach the soul of fairyland." Razer on the side seemed a little unbelievable, and said directly.

"Yeah, I am about to arrive at the fairyland soul, but these three-eyed ghost pupils are genuine fairyland souls. Even in the state of the first, second and third eyes, its soul power is different." Xiao Yan shook his head and said. .

"I will give you a soul protection, but don't be careless, because this soul power is only to defend against the attack of the soul in the state of one eye. As for the second purpose, even if it is me, there is nothing I can do." Xiao Yan finished speaking, a cloud of invisible energy The fluctuations are slowly isolated on the surface of the private body, and with the protection of this soul power, it seems that the unboundedness of the passage of their vindictiveness and even some unfavorable factors are slowly eliminated.

"Be careful, it's here again!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, staring at a void behind him, where there was an extremely tyrannical soul fluctuation.

"Get out of here!"

"Light!" And Liu Qing also seemed to be shocked by the scene just now. Now Xiao Yan has just opened his mouth, and a dazzling light-based battle qi suddenly filled this space, and then this space was originally hidden in nothingness. The creatures also slowly poured into the sight of the four.

"It really is one eye..." Under Liu Qing's light system, the true body of the three-eyed ghost pupil appeared directly.

At this time, the three-eyed ghost pupil slowly stood still less than ten meters away from the four people, but the three-eyed ghost pupil had no shape, just a human pupil, standing quietly in the void among.

In that pupil, a dark blue halo slowly filled the entire pupil, but it contained a boundless gloomy aura, which made people shudder at first sight.

"Three-eyed ghost pupil has no form, because its original true face is composed of three pupils."

"Now that this guy has a pupil, he has only released the power of his eyes, and his strength is only a two-star fighting immortal. If we want to deal with it, it is not difficult."

"The power of one eye is not difficult for us, but if we release the power of the second eye, I am afraid it will be quite difficult." Xiao Yan said slowly looking at the dark blue pupils.

This moment alone made Xiao Yan feel shivering. This was the invisible pressure of the fairyland soul on Xiao Yan.

"What if there are three eyes..." Liu Qing nodded slightly, and then opened his mouth.

"If you have three goals, just run."

"After all, the treasure is in good condition, and your entrustment to save people is more important, and I'm afraid it's not as important as your own life." Asked by Liu Qing, Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head helplessly.

"Is it really that strong?" Yu Yifeng was also a little surprised.

"The most powerful of the three-eyed ghost pupils is that all three eyes appear together. If there are three eyes, its soul power will reach its peak. Even if I try my best, the odds of winning are less than 10%." Xiao Yan said.

"Do it, don't give it a chance to condense its soul attack."

"The soul attack it sends out in the one-eye state should not be underestimated." The next moment, Xiao Yan seemed to be aware of subtle soul fluctuations emanating from his dark blue pupils, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

"Wind Thousand Blades!"

"Thunder Python!" Just as Xiao Yan's voice fell, Yu Yi and Thunder Snake looked at each other, the cyan wind attribute and silver thunder attribute suddenly condensed into a huge beam of energy, and the next moment was to face the dark blue cut pupils. Throw it away!

"Crash!" The attack of the two can be said to be extremely tyrannical. In just one breath, they attacked the dark blue pupils.

"Whoosh!" The dark blue pupils saw this, and a cry of sorrow emerged directly in the entire space. This was an extremely terrifying soul attack.

"Pfft." However, this seemingly tyrannical soul attack did not cause any harm to ~ It only completely wiped out the soul protection exerted by Xiao Yan.

"Cuckoo." The dark blue pupils struggled violently, making a strange sound, and then there were circles of dark blue liquid in the dark blue pupils, which emerged vigorously, and then attacked with Yu Yifeng and Thunder Snake. suddenly intertwined.

"This beast, what a tyrannical attack." Yu Yifeng, who was already at a stalemate with dark blue pupils, couldn't help but scolded.

"Captain, this guy's power seems to be soaring, what should I do now?" And it seems that through the delay of those blue liquids, the power in the dark blue pupils is soaring at a speed visible to everyone's naked eyes. In an instant, it broke through the Samsung Fighting Immortal rank, and even in the void where the dark blue pupils were originally, a certain place shook violently, as if something was about to come out!

"not good!"

"Break it quickly!"

"This is the symbol of the appearance of the second eye!" Xiao Yan was still quietly condensing his soul to attack, but when he felt such a change, he couldn't help but change his face.

The strength of the three-eye ghost pupil and the first-eye is only a two-star fighting fairy level, but if the second eye appears, the strength will reach the three-star fighting fairy level, and the soul power also shows a geometric increase!

The four of them will naturally have no difficulty in dealing with the first eye, but if they deal with the second eye, I am afraid that if they gather the strength of the four of them, the odds of winning will be less than 50%!

At this moment, the faces of the four of them dimmed, and a trace of unease slowly lingered in their hearts.

. full book m.