Chapter Vol 4 1222: 2 eyes power!

"You Ming Tian Trance!" And Xiao Yan didn't want to sit still, his pupils shrank tightly, and a huge attack composed of the purest soul power suddenly burst into a dark blue pupil!

"This guy is so strong!" While Liu Qing, who was quite close to Xiao Yan, saw Xiao Yan's blow, he couldn't help but be surprised.

"Good boy, you are actually hiding so deeply, go back!" And Yu Yifeng watched Xiao Yan make a move, but his figure also burst back, and he fled directly from Yiyimu's side.

"Crash!" Being hit by such a tyrannical soul attack from Xiao Yan, even if it is as powerful as the three-eyed ghost pupil, is unpleasant. The dark blue liquid released by the dark blue pupil, when Xiao Yan's soul attack comes, Directly mobilized by it to resist!

"Boom!" The shocking soul fluctuations suddenly turned into invisible energy ripples, which completely spread out from the space where Ichimoku was located.

"Damn...miscalculation!" Xiao Yan saw that in that eye, the original dark blue glowed with blood red, and even next to the eye, a whirlpool slowly emerged, and he couldn't help cursing.

Xiao Yan knew that his own soul attack could instantly obliterate the first eye of the three-eyed ghost pupil, but at the last moment of that one eye, it was actually using all its power to attack most of Xiao Yan's soul. After resisting, although the first goal has been seriously injured, it has bought time for the second goal to appear. When the second goal appears, there is no need for the first goal to do anything.

"How could it be possible..." And looking at the dying first eye, a pupil with yellow and bewitching eyes flickered out, and everyone felt a daze in their hearts!

It's too strong. Compared with the first one, the second eye is much stronger than the first one, whether it is the strength of the three-star fighting immortal level or the soul power that has reached the fairyland level.

"Little brother Xiao Yan..." Seeing that Xiao Yan's situation was not very good, Yu Yifeng hurriedly spoke. Now Xiao Yan is their top priority. If something goes wrong with Xiao Yan, I am afraid that all of them will be lost. will fall here.

"Miscalculation." Xiao Yan coughed violently a few times, and then kept his eyes fixed on the second eye full of demonic yellow. From there, Xiao Yan felt the suppression from the power of the soul, which made Xiao Yan feel Soul power can not help but greatly reduced.

"Dong dong dong!" After the yellow second eye appeared, it seemed to have noticed the blood-red first eye, and couldn't help exuding a violent aura like a beast.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This second eye is too strong." Razer felt the strong coercion released by the yellow pupil when he glanced back, and it actually made himself feel like kneeling, if it wasn't for the constant protection of Xiao Yan's soul power , I am afraid that the two of them with weak souls will be instantly submerged under the second-purpose soul coercion.

"Are you alright?" Seeing that Xiao Yan was struggling, Liu Qing couldn't help but ask.

"I... I'm fine." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said.

Xiao Yan is not feeling well right now. While resisting the second purpose's soul coercion, it is quite difficult to continuously release the power of the soul to protect the two of them.

However, although the two Yu Yifeng are weak in soul power, they are genuine two-star three-star fighting immortals. As long as they can withstand the second-purpose soul attack and let the two of Yuyifeng use the thunder method, then it is enough to destroy the three-eyed ghost pupil. To be completely obliterated!

"Si Si Si!" After a while, the yellow pupils full of bewitching looks like they were crazy, and they made a harsh sound!

Under this harsh voice, everyone seemed to feel that their heads were humming, and the severe pain in their minds made them scream. Under this severe pain, it became extremely difficult to condense fighting qi.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth while enduring the huge torture, thinking about how to deal with it.

There is no doubt that the strength and soul power displayed by this second eye are far from being able to be resisted by any one of Xiao Yan's four.

Yu Yifeng's strength is tyrannical. In the middle of the three-star Dou Xian, if he is allowed to accumulate tyrannical fighting skills, then naturally he can easily obliterate the three-eyed ghost pupil, but the problem is, under such high-intensity soul torture and coercion, Xiao Xiao There is no way for Yan to ensure that Jade Legacy will not be disturbed. Jade Legacy is strong, but if he gathers tyrannical fighting skills, once he is disturbed, he will only lose all his previous achievements.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan, although he can use his various means to stop the torture of the soul, Xiao Yan asked himself, his current strength and fighting skills are really not able to threaten the three-eyed ghost pupil, so he is also at a point where nothing can be done. .

"Xiao Yan, you help me isolate the soul attack, I'll try it."

"If I can't do it, I'm afraid I'll have to rely on you and the second eye to fight for soul power." Liu Qing said slightly.

"Well, good!" Xiao Yan heard the words and agreed instantly. Obviously, Liu Qing's identity is not low, and naturally he has some skills to press the bottom of the box.

However, Xiao Yan was still a little surprised by what Liu Qing said about the soul duel.

The so-called soul duel is a one-on-one duel using soul power, but Xiao Yan would not use this method unless it was a last resort. After all, this method is too expensive. The promotion of his own strength, and Xiao Yan is only one step away from the soul of the fairyland. The soul power of this second purpose has reached the fairyland. Even if he uses the soul to fight, Xiao Yan does not have much chance of winning.

"Huangquan Tian's Wrath!" He used his soul attack again, cleverly isolating the traces of angry voices, and then regardless of Yu Yifeng and the two, the dazzling soul power directly protected Liu Qing.

And under Xiao Yan's actions Liu Qing also felt that the harsh soul torture released by the second eye seemed to have been weakened to a minimum by Xiao Yan, and at this moment, Liu Qing was also relieved Unleash your fighting skills.

"The master said that this fighting skill is not a last resort and cannot be used, but the situation is too dangerous now, if it is not used, I am afraid that it will be trapped here." Liu Qing spoke slightly, and his voice was full of strange sounds.

"As my most devout believer in the Holy See, I pray to you, the dawn of light, the dusk of dawn..." The ancient incantation slowly emerged from Liu Qing's mouth. Like a believer of light, bathed in the world of light.

"This is..."borrowing the spirit"?" The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan couldn't help but exclaimed when he noticed the light element suddenly intensified in this space.

"This girl, I'm afraid she is the real high-ranking in the Holy See, she can't stay!"

"It happens that there is a way to stimulate the third purpose of the three-eyed ghost pupil, Susu..."

"The three-eyed ghost pupil was originally my purpose this time. If I can capture it and send it to the top of our ghost kingdom, I will get a lot of rewards, but a high-level priest of the Holy See and the Hawkeye team are buried together, so I can count on you. "

"Ghost, wait. When I draw out the third eye, I will rescue you." And in that dark place, people with an evil power also spoke slowly.

Today's 4th update, and thanks again (Baobao) for the reward, external + ten thousand rewards plus one update

In summary, five more