Chapter Vol 2 841: to the palace

"Boom boom boom!" What emerged from the two guys was the power of life of the eighth-rank level. In addition to the attributes of the two, one is thunder and the other is water, so for the two fire dragons, more or less there is restraint.

"I didn't expect these two guys to be the eighth-rank life force." Xiao Yan stood behind the two fire dragons and spoke slightly.

If it wasn't for the two of them possessing such terrifying vitality, the double dragon flame formation alone would be enough to consume them to death.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Heart-killing finger!"

"Poisonous hands!" Gunni's body had the power of cyan, while Wang Xie's body had the power of dazzling silver thunder, and two terrifying attacks were directed towards the two fire dragons!

"Hoohoho!" The two fire dragons condensed by Xiao Yan were not vegetarian either. After all, one was condensed according to Emperor Yan, and the other one was based on Holy Flame, so they would definitely not be destroyed by the two.

"What two powerful fire dragons." Gunny was facing the gorgeous fire dragon, the fire dragon condensed by Di Yan.

However, Rao Yi Guni's strength at the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor and the power of an eighth-rank student delivered a powerful blow, but the fire dragon did not change any color, and he immediately became suspicious.

"What is the relationship between this formation, Fire Dragon and Xiao Yan?"

"This fire dragon is too strong, but attacking Xiao Yan will be intercepted by the fire dragon..."

"It's really weird." Gunny also hesitated.

"Why are you standing still, attack." Wang Xie kept attacking the khaki fire dragon, but what made Wang Xie depressed was that no matter how powerful he attacked, he would be attacked by the khaki fire dragon. Devouring, like a bottomless pit, constantly devours one's own power to enhance the power of the fire dragon.

"Hey-hey."

"I can't think of the runes condensed by the core inscriptions of the battle formation masters, and the power of my emperor flame and holy flame, to actually make this double dragon flame formation to a higher level."

"I'm afraid that just relying on the formation technique, it would be effortless to stop the two mid-stage Seven-Star Dou Emperor powerhouses." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Go!" Although he was happy in his heart, Xiao Yan's attack did not stop. One after another attack with fierce flames radiated from the two fire dragons, and then slapped on Guni and Wang Xie viciously. The array space was already relatively hot, which immediately made both of them devastated.

"It can't go on like this."

"This space seems to be eating away the power in us, and the fire dragon is the same."

"If it goes on like this, one will lose the other, and I'm afraid it's only us who will suffer."

"The last blow, if it succeeds, it will kill Xiao."

"If it fails, just run away." Guni was also full of uncertainty, and then he spoke to Wang Xie.

Guni knew that now was not the time to break up with Xiao Yan. For the sake of fighting spirit and heritage inheritance, there was no need to break up with Xiao Yan.

"Okay." When Wang Xie heard the words, he didn't question it. After all, the pressure of the holy flame dragon that Wang Xie faced was much greater.

"Pick me up!"

"Poison Flower Burial!" Wang Xie suddenly laughed strangely, and then green poisonous gas emerged from the surroundings!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the space around Wang Xie flashed with a dazzling green aura, and then like a stamen, it suddenly lifted into the air and then exploded in an instant. With two fire dragons appearing in the past!

The two fire dragons seemed to be provoked, and immediately roared at the formation space!

"Break it for me!" Both Gunni and Wang Xie shrank their pupils tightly, and with destructive fluctuations, they directly hit the two fire dragons.

The seemingly terrifying venom attack hit the fire dragon, but the two fire dragons seemed to be invincible, but the next moment, a roar pierced through the formation space!

"What kind of flame is this..."

"It can actually burn my life force!"

"My life force is also limited by the flames!" Both Gunni and Wang Xie were covered by a khaki-yellow holy flame, and they suddenly exclaimed!

Because this khaki-yellow holy flame's power has vaguely reduced their strength!

"Break it." Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately smiled.

However, as Xiao Yan's understated voice fell, Gu Ni and Wang Xie's expressions changed drastically.

They both smelled an extremely dangerous aura from the two-day fire dragon, and even felt a wave of destruction from the khaki fire dragon, and they did not dare to hesitate.

"No, let's go!" The two looked at each other, and without any hesitation, suddenly took out a rather exquisite rune scroll from the ring, and smashed it in an instant!

"Shabu!" As the two moved so fast, the figure disappeared directly into the space of the formation.

"These two guys are willing to use such a precious space scroll." Xiao Yan shook his head, and then waved at the two behind him. The two fire dragons disappeared instantly, and the space of the formation returned to calm. .

"Did they run away?" Mu Yingying seemed to realize that there was only Xiao Yan's figure in the scroll, and she immediately exited.

"It seems that those two guys used the space scroll to escape." Tian Jian said, slightly opening his mouth.

"Space scroll?" Mu Yingying asked in confusion.

"It seems to be a scroll that can be moved in a short distance, but this kind of thing can only be condensed by experts in the space system Although it is sold on the market, it is expensive to manufacture." Yueru said.

"Are you alright?" Seeing Xiao Yan coming out, the two women hurriedly asked with concern.

"It's alright, let's go." Xiao Yan put away the scroll of formation, he never imagined that the scroll of formation was so terrifying that just one scroll could trap two strong men of the same level.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Are you all alright?" Xiao Yan and the others just left when they saw Xiu Qi and his party.

Xiu Qi just saw Yue Ru, hugged Yue Ru directly, checked it and found that there was nothing serious, and then opened her mouth slightly, but even so, she still scolds Xiao Yan viciously from time to time.

"Five Poisons and the others are back." Xiao Yan looked at He Xiuqi and the others gathered, and immediately greeted a certain direction, where is the Five Poisons and his party.

"Is everything alright?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively. This was obviously for the Five Poisons. After all, they also entered the Medicine Garden to find a cure for the Negative Poison Body.

"Okay, let's go. Next, I'm afraid that is the most exciting place in the entire ruins." Wudu smiled slowly and said.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Xiao Yan glanced at the medicine garden with a nostalgic look. After all, many medicinal materials in the past few years are hard to find in the outside world. Immediately without hesitation, he strode out and walked directly towards the Crystal Palace.

And a few other people saw this, um, um, and followed.

However, when Xiao Yan and the others were moving towards the Crystal Palace, someone had already entered the Crystal Palace.