Chapter Vol 4 1380: The way to break the game!

"Pfft."

"I hope you won't let me down." Xiao Yan naturally did not know the words of the Soul Eater, but he still walked towards the bronze coffin with a fiery heart.

"Strange, the energy in this bronze coffin seems to be extremely weak, is it an illusion..." Duo Qifei, who has reincarnation, is particularly sensitive to the perception of power, plus Emperor Lei Hong himself is also a thunder attribute. Inheritance or extremely tyrannical power, naturally can't escape his perception, but there is not any violent reaction in the bronze coffin right now...

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan suddenly came to the side of the bronze coffin, and a dazzling silver thunder appeared faintly. Through this thunder, Xiao Yan could perceive that it seemed unusual.

"This bronze coffin is weird." The next moment, Xiao Yan did not open the coffin rashly. After all, although it is the body of Emperor Lei Hong, it is not guaranteed that there are other similar guardians or other things in it. wrong.

"Weng buzzing!" When Xiao Yan approached the bronze coffin, silver thunder bursts suddenly appeared from the bronze coffin, as if to protect the bronze coffin. swept away.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but run away. This level of power is too tyrannical, far beyond what he can handle now.

"Crash!" Just as Xiao Yan was about to run away, the grey lightning flashed out of Duo Qifei's body, and then the silver lightning was easily suppressed.

"What is this..." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan shook his head slightly and said with a hint of fear in his voice. Obviously, there should be something in the bronze coffin.

"It seems that the inheritance of Emperor Lei Hong has been taken first... There may be some treasures inside..." Du Qifei stared at the bronze coffin with her beautiful eyes, her jade hand clenched tightly, as if she had noticed something, and spoke after a while. road.

"The inheritance has been taken first?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, his brows furrowed immediately. This inheritance of Emperor Lei Hong, the dignified five-star fighting immortal strength, if obtained, the increase in his own strength must be huge. Hearing Du Qifei's words immediately, Can't help but get angry.

"This is... an empty tomb!" After a while, Du Qifei's pupils shrank tightly, and then he pointed directly at the bronze coffin and said.

"Empty tomb?" Xiao Yan was shocked as Du Qifei said.

"Emperor Lei Hong, come out." At the next moment, Duo Qifei's pupils locked onto the bronze coffin, and a tyrannical aura attacked directly. Intuition and samsara fluctuations told her that there was nothing wrong with doing so.

"Is this possible?" Xiao Yan murmured and raised his head, after all, this is a forbidden area, and it is the last hope of their contestants. If they are destroyed by Du Qifei like this, I am afraid that their end will be due to the opposite. Qi Fei's trust did not rashly stop it.

"Hey, little doll, your skills are pretty good..."

"But you seem to have some familiar fluctuations..." And under Du Qifei's actions, a trace of silver thunder suddenly fell off the bronze coffin, and then formed a streak on the outer gossip. Old man shadow.

"Emperor Leihong's remnant soul..." Xiao Yan also reacted when he felt such a strong power of thunder.

The guy in front of him is the real remnant of Emperor Lei Hong in the tomb, and the one just outside the cemetery is just an energy body.

"Senior," Xiao Yan said with respect when the old man Lei Hong first appeared, but Duo Qifei had frowned since Emperor Lei Hong appeared, and even on the reincarnation lines between his eyebrows, there was a hint of obscurity and Ancient fluctuations faintly emanated.

"Lei... Lei Master's reincarnation?" In the next moment, after seeing the strangeness of Du Qifei's body in the illusory body of Emperor Lei Hong, his voice was filled with a trembling feeling.

"I can't believe that after a thousand years, I, Lei Hong, can still see the reincarnation of the Thunder Lord..."

"Hahaha!" A deafening sound filled the entire tomb.

"This guy..." Duan Qifei also vaguely remembered something after being so tossed by Samsara's fluctuations.

The Thunder Lord is a peak-level powerhouse among the Thunder Attribute Powerhouses in the Great Thousand World, similar to Emperor Leihong or even some more powerful Thunder Attribute Powerhouses than Emperor Leihong. Grace and guidance, so in their minds, Leizhu is tantamount to a god-like existence, so they are highly respected.

Obviously, this Emperor Lei Hong had mediocre strength at the beginning, and it was because of the opportunity given by the Lei Lord that he had the strength he has today.

"On you, in addition to the reincarnation fluctuations of the Thunder Lord, there are also some other rare things...such as blood..."

"What is the relationship between you and Du Tianhong?" After a while, Emperor Lei Hong said with snot and tears, as if he and Du Qifei were in a relationship, which undoubtedly gave Xiao Yan a feeling that the two met late. a feeling of.

"It's my father." Duo Qifei also noticed something at first Now that Emperor Leihong asked him, she agreed immediately. After all, she also wanted to know why Emperor Leihong's inheritance fell to her. on the father.

"Du Tianhong, is my disciple."

"When I was seriously injured and hunted down by the Burning Soul Clan among the evil tribes outside the territory, I happened to meet him in the Thunder Valley, so I gave him all what I have learned in my life, and he helped me to obliterate all the Burning Soul Clan. I sent it to the Thunder Tomb for storage, to keep my last bit of strength." An old voice sounded slowly.

"So that's the case..." Emperor Lei Hong kept explaining the experience, and Du Qifei was relieved.

"Senior, in fact, our visit this time is mainly..." After listening to Emperor Lei Hong's remarks, Du Qifei didn't bother about this matter, but asked about the business.

"Also called senior?" Emperor Lei Hong pretended to be deep.

"Master." After some thought, Du Qifei also smiled.

"I know your purpose... and according to the breath just now, this time your opponents seem to be three four-star Fighting Immortal fellows from the Ghost Race."

"Gloomy Soul Clan and Burning Soul Clan are ranked in the lower ranks among the foreign evil clan, but the relationship between the two is very good. This day will come sooner or later."

"Although the two of you are two-star Dou Xian consummate, it is not impossible for you to face them."

"Do you know what chance Lord Lei gave me back then?" Emperor Lei Hong smiled gently, his voice full of pride.

"Lei Di Scepter!" At the next moment, a voice containing the power of thousands of thunders suddenly appeared in this tomb.

And with the appearance of this thing, suddenly in the entire tomb and even the surrounding cemetery, there was a sense of indifference to the king, and he knelt down in front of the bronze coffin!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: