Chapter Vol 4 1834: 3 veterans, fall!

"Do it!" As Lin Fengya's voice fell, the four dragon corpses on the sky suddenly shook, and were immediately controlled by the figures above their heads to spread out, and blasted away at the ten elders.

"The three Seven Star Fighting Immortals will be handed over to me in the late stage." Soul Wuji snorted coldly, driving the dragon corpse to face the most tyrannical three of the ten elders.

Tiger Lao, Wolf Lao, Ying Lao, the three powerhouses in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

"What should I do now?" The strength and seniority of the three were obviously led by Hu Lao, and asked.

"Do it!" Hu Lao's eyes suddenly became solemn, and then he looked at the black coffin above his head and the pitch-black evil cloud, hesitating.

Among them, there seems to be something more terrifying!

"Heavenly Soul Palm!" Soul Wuji did not hold back. The reason why he chose the three late stage Seven Star Fighting Immortal powerhouses was naturally because he coveted their souls.

With one palm, the desolate screams of countless Yinfeng roars spread out from Soul Wuji's body. Immediately, a huge dark palm appeared in front of it, and with a sudden push, the space shook violently, as if it would be completely at any time. Common collapse.

"What the **** is going on with this Soul Temple powerhouse?" Hu Lao looked at Soul Wuji's blow, and his heart flickered with surprise, and then the hair behind him suddenly stood up, and the dazzling green aura on his body formed a full force in front of the three of them. A hundred meters deep defensive wall shield.

"Bang bang bang!" The eerie soul palm just fell, and the soul Wuji and the dragon corpse flickered together, coming directly to the three of them, and suddenly there was a shadow in the corner of the soul Wuji's eyes, and the palms were raised, countless dark and gloomy The black mist lingered, vaguely turning into a huge energy cage, and slammed down on the three of them.

"Not good!" When the three of them saw this, they just wanted to defend themselves, but found that it was too late. The wooden defensive wall was destroyed by Soul Palm, and Soul Wuji's fierce offensive clearly wanted to solve themselves in the fastest time. .

"Arrangement!" At the critical moment, Tiger Lao's eyes became serious, and a majestic voice permeated.

"Wood grain star formation!" At the same time, the other two elders looked at each other, stretched out their hands, and a touch of the same green power, full of endless life breath, quietly permeated from the three of them, and then pushed the four of them. Completely wrapped.

It is like the domain is isolated from the outside world, and it is like a formation that imprisons Soul Wuji.

"Boom!" With a sound, Soul Wuji's attack landed on the green aura, as if hitting cotton, it was bounced back.

"This devil must be kept here forever!" Hu Lao took the lead and took a sudden step, wrapped in countless green life breaths, like a favored person favored by the forest goddess.

"Kill!" The eyes of the other two elders flickered rapidly. After the breath, their strength was like a tiger, and the fierceness in their eyes was revealed. The three of them formed a triangle to surround the soul.

"They should still have a little time, so let's have a good time with you. I just checked the souls of you, so I can build that thing... Susu." Soul Wuji is still standing on the dragon corpse, the dragon Although the corpse has fallen, but the remaining power is blessed, the current Soul Wuji, the strength has vaguely reached the limit, the Seven Star Fighting Immortal is complete, and it is only one step away from the Eight Star Fighting Immortal. If you want to kill three people, it is obviously possible. A lot of effort.

"Yin Soul Eater!"

"Magic dog, come out!" Seeing the green aura bursting out from the three of them, slowly filling the space, there is a faint touch of the strongest power emerging from this field, but Soul Wuji is Covered dismissively and sneered.

Just as Hun Wuji's cold snort fell, the ground wrapped by the domain under his feet suddenly vibrated violently, and the domain ground wrapped by the formation quickly cracked open, one after another as huge cracks and abyss. spread.

"Woooooo!" At the same time, under the abyss of the rift, bursts of terrifying screams and screams filled the air, accompanied by a strong and disgusting **** smell, which was also continuously flowing from the rift figure. burst out from below.

The sudden scene surprised the three elders who were concentrating on casting the joint seal, as if there was some kind of evil in the abyss of the crack, but after a brief hesitation, they also knew that the gap between the two's combat power was too huge. , If the joint seal cannot be displayed, I am afraid that the entire continent will be bloodbathed by Soul Wuji alone!

What this guy wants is definitely not only fame and fortune, but countless blood and souls of the deceased.

Everyone knows the wolf ambitions of the Soul Palace.

"Is that... a demon dog?"

"Isn't this a creature in the underworld?"

"Soul Palace, how is this possible?" At this time, in the abyss of the domain, a pair of vertical eyes, like the eagle at the top of the food chain now looking down at his food, revealed an extremely fierce oppression.

"My pet, enjoy your dinner!" Soul Wuji controlled the dragon corpse and easily floated on the top of the field, and then a frenzied roar resounded through the entire field formation.

"Ow!" The creature in the rift abyss seemed to have received an order, and moved gently, with a loud voice full of endless killing intent.

"Wanmu Soul Palace..." Looking at the crazy behavior of Soul Wuji in front of him, and looking at the demon dog that slowly walked out of the abyss of the crack, the power of the three elders forcibly merged and displayed the sealing fighting skill!

Although this is not the most perfect sealing fighting skill, but if they wait like this, they will definitely die!

Because the aura on that Demon Dog is only stronger or weaker than Soul Wuji!

"Chichi!" After the seal fighting technique was performed a magnificent palace stood above the heads of the three of them.

The whole body of the palace is engraved with green auras, like a hall inhabited by a shrine, and the seal aura mixed on it is enough to completely suppress Soul Wuji!

"Give me the town!" The three elders squeezed their palms tightly and projected them towards the location of Soul Wuji. Suddenly, the entire domain space became quiet, and the magnificent palace was like a rainbow light, piercing the sky.

"Pfft." A strange thing happened.

Just when the power of the seal of the magnificent palace eroded into Soul Wuji, his body suddenly became illusory, and then the palace buildings filled with the power of the strongest seal quietly penetrated from the surface of his body!

That feeling seems to be that the soul Wuji in front of you is just a virtual image!

"It's over!" The power of the seal smashed on the edge of the field, and the field suddenly collapsed.

"Blow yourself up?"

"Swallow it for me!" Looking at the determination in the pupils of the three elders, Soul Wuji waved his hand, and the power in the three people's bodies was completely suppressed.

At this moment, the devil dog in the rift abyss also came out, turned around, directly with the aura of destruction, biting the bodies of the three elders, blood essence...

even the soul!

"This soul is still useful to me." Seeing this, Soul Wuji waved his hand, and the weak soul body of the late stage of the Three Dao Seven Star Fighting Immortals was taken into the bag.

At this moment, the three elders of the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals have completely fallen. They are as tyrannical as these strong men. .

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.