Chapter Vol 4 1846: Different space, the sprout of the devil!

"not good!"

"The devil fruit is on Gamma!"

"That is the last devil fruit in this world, stop him!" At this time, whether it was Soul Wuji, the servant of the devil, Emperor Lin and Mekal, the four looked at the heart of the dark green Gamma, a miniature agate like agate The red and evil fruit, beating slowly, seems to have slowly merged with its heart!

"Never let Gamma die!"

"Sol, you go!" At this moment, Mekal said.

"Whoosh!" At the same time, Soul Wuji, Demon Servant, Emperor Lin, Sol, the leader of the four Seven Star Fighting Immortals, the speed skyrocketed, and shot towards the dying Gamma, trying to stop it.

"It's too late... This time, I'll show you what a demon is!"

"Welcome all of you to witness this great moment together!"

"Pfft!" Gamma said to himself, and immediately his body suddenly collided with the white arrow, without any defense, without any unnecessary actions, the white arrow's body turned into a flame of holy white light, violently It burned Gamma's body, and the center of its arrow was heavily inserted into Gamma's chest and crossed it. The appearance was extremely miserable.

"Sisi." Attacked by the sacred arrow, the dark green blood mist on Gamma's body was instantly shattered, and the missing ripe devil fruit was quietly suspended in Gamma's heart, like a heart. Gently beating, every beating, will make this world full of unease.

It seems that this agate-red devil fruit, which seems to be only the size of a fist, is more like a cage, which holds a demon king, a real master that is enough to pacify this place.

Once released, I am afraid this world will face severe catastrophe!

"Fast back!" The four of them were shocked when they saw this, and they immediately retreated, because from Gamma, they truly felt the throbbing of death.

"Devil's Will!" Gamma looked at the four of them so timidly, and snorted coldly. Immediately, the body was burned with white light flames, and the whole body quickly melted, turning into a dark green evil mist that enveloped the devil fruit, and the devil fruit still remained. It's quiet beating.

"Do it!" The dark green evil mist around them continued to spread, and where the mist spread, even the powerhouses who were at the peak of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals felt a lot of trouble. The Devil Fruits on the top have greed.

This is the last Devil Fruit, and the only one that is ripe. Whoever gets it will probably be qualified enough to step into the peak of the Great Thousand World!

Because just a half-ripe Devil Fruit has changed Lin Fengya's quality, not to mention the power contained in this truly ripe Devil Fruit, which is absolutely unimaginable by human beings.

"Boom!" Without waiting for the four of them to start, the Devil Fruit wrapped in the dark green evil mist seemed to be pulled, and it seemed to have found a suitable host, so it went directly to the dying Xiao Yan!

"Not good!" At this moment, the pupils of the four of them shrank tightly, but Soul Wuji and the demon servant were quick-witted, and two stern and gloomy horses shot out, with majestic killing intent, facing Xiao Yan's location. go.

"Bastard, in the end, this guy was actually cheap!" Seeing Xiao Yan being so lucky, Hun Wuji couldn't help but said angrily.

The devil fruit gently escaped from the dark green evil mist and slowly poured into the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, and at this time Xiao Yan was already in a state of suspended animation. The continuous operation, I am afraid it has already turned into a corpse without temperature.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan also felt something, instinctively twisted his teeth and chewed the food in his mouth little by little.

In just a moment, the onyx red devil fruit was slowly bitten by Xiao Yan, and a trace of dark green liquid spread along Xiao Yan's body towards Xiao Yan's limbs.

At the same time, Xiao Yan's dying breath was like an ancient giant dragon in a deep sleep. The breath suddenly soared, and the resurgence of the breath made several strong people present feel a real depression!

"Crash!" Two sharp attacks came to Xiao Yan's side in an instant, and Xiao Yan could be killed in a blink of an eye, but Xiao Yan's body was seriously injured, but he was out of control and stood up suddenly, with a touch of dark green The fog shrouded it, so that the two sharp attacks, when they came into contact with the fog, were like hitting cotton, they did not bounce back, but dissipated easily.

"What the **** is going on here?" Seeing such a dramatic scene above the sky, Soul Wuji's sinister gaze and the stern gaze of the demon servant stared at Xiao Yan, who was enveloped in dark green mist, and lost his voice.

In the heart of the demon servant, a strange aura slowly sprouted.

Moreover, following the attacks of the two of them, Xiao Yan's figure slowly drowned in front of everyone, and the dark green aura of sorrow was completely wrapped, leaving only an extremely silent cold void.

"Everyone who came to my Star Continent is really shameless!" At this time, watching Xiao Yan's situation stabilized temporarily, Emperor Lin suddenly jumped into the air, green aura lingering behind his body Transformed into a green dragon, crawling under its feet, the breath of the half-step Eight-Star Fighting Immortal was released, staring at a few people.

"Old guy, get out of the way!" At this time, looking at Xiao Yan, who was protected by the dark green blood mist, there seemed to be some kind of mutation happening. Before the demon servant had time to think, his body rioted and roared away at him. , From the blood mist, he smelled a truly terrifying force that moved him!

It seems that that guy is the purest and most tyrannical, and he is just a fake!

Whether it is the soul or the demon blood in the body, it slowly becomes awe-inspiring!

"Absolutely, absolutely impossible!" The demon servant's dark green pupils shrank tightly, stepping through the void to face Xiao Yan on the dark underworld, the demon blood and power in his body trembled uncontrollably, and as he got closer to Xiao Yan The flames became more and more terrifying.

In the dark green evil mist.

"Where am I...where?" Xiao Yan raised his palm and gently rubbed his forehead, trying to make himself remember what just happened. .

Just after he tried his best to resist the arrow of light and failed, the power in his body was destroyed by the power of divine light, his facial features and even perception disappeared completely, and he completely entered a state of near death. At that time, Xiao Yan faintly fainted. After realizing what Gamma had done to him, after taking a rest, his body that had been depleted was like bamboo shoots after a spring rain, full of vitality.

But at this time, the void where Xiao Yan was located was completely an unknown and different space. The space was vast and there was no life, like a dead world of the undead. It was just a dark green mist like a liquid, filling the entire space. Different space!