Chapter Vol 4 1332: Reincarnator!

"Forging Valley Master, let me exorcise you from now on." Xiao Yan looked at the amiable Valley Forging Master in front of him and said slowly.

At the beginning, Xiao Yan himself was also planted with some blood demon gold energy by the blood demon envoy. That kind of torture, even if Xiao Yan possessed the holy flame, was quite painful, so Xiao Yan naturally knew that the kind of pain was unpleasant.

"Hey, I'm not in a hurry."

"Let's get rid of the things on Mayfair's body first." Duo Tianhong refused, obviously his own safety was insignificant compared to his daughter's.

"Duan Qifei?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and then slowly put his eyes on Du Qifei.

It's just that Du Qifei at this time, with four gods and no masters, stared at the sky above the study, not knowing what he was doing, as if something was wriggling between his eyebrows.

"Forging Valley Master, what is Fei'er?" Xiao Yan also saw this situation for the first time, so he couldn't help asking.

"Xiao Yan, are you a human?" At the next moment, Duan Tianhong ignored Xiao Yan and asked directly.

"What?" When Du Tianhong asked this, Xiao Yan was immediately shocked, because in the ghost world, the real identity is often a taboo.

"En." The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't have too many worries and nodded lightly. It shouldn't hurt that Du Tianhong helped him so much.

"Ever since I knew that you have Holy Flame, and Holy Flame is Fire Heart Tianyan, I know that you are definitely not an aboriginal resident of the ghost world."

"And since your identity is human, Fei'er's affairs can also be entrusted to you." Du Tianhong's voice was full of helpless vicissitudes, which shocked Xiao Yan.

"Senior, you..." Xiao Yan seemed to realize something and couldn't help but speak.

"Don't worry, I won't fall, and this is not Tuogu."

"It's just that Mayfair has a special status and needs your care." Duan Tianhong said.

"What exactly is Fei'er..." Until now, Xiao Yan was also quite curious about Du Qifei's life experience.

"This is the second floor at the top of the Treasure Pavilion. As for her secrets, they all live on the first floor."

"Let's go up to the first floor, you will naturally understand." After Du Tianhong finished speaking, a touch of soft silver thunder slowly wrapped around Du Qifei, and then the three disappeared directly into the study, towards the top of the Treasure Pavilion.

At the top of the Treasure Pavilion, this is not a place like the Treasure Pavilion contains treasures, but a special space surrounded by thunder all day long!

At this time, three figures appeared in the space. These three people were Du Tianhong, Xiao Yan and Du Qifei.

"This is the forbidden area of ​​our forging knife thunder valley. The whole knife forging thunder valley, except for me and Mayfair's mother, is unknown."

"And Mayfair's mother left early, and this place has evolved into what it looks like today." The three of them perched outside the thunder, Duo Tianhong said, and the power of the thunder in front of the three was too dense, and it was faintly revealed. Anxiety.

"There seems to be something in here." Xiao Yan's eyes looked at Lei Ting's interior lightly, but he couldn't see through. Even after using his soul power, the dazzling soul power was instantly engulfed.

"I hope you don't panic, Mayfair's secret is in it."

"Come with me." Du Tianhong held Du Qifei's jade hand, and the silver-gold cloak around him kept shaking. With the addition of silver armor, those fierce thunderbolts were directly isolated. After a while, the three of them came. To the Thunder core.

"This is……"

"How is that possible!" Just as he entered the core of Thunder, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, a fear of death filled his heart, Sheng Yan's heart beat at a high speed, and even Xiao Yan's clan lines were vaguely broken. out signs.

What caught Xiao Yan's pupils was the dazzling silver thunder around him. The power of thunder could easily obliterate him, but this was not the most important thing!

In front of the three of them, a circular stone platform stood slowly. The stone platform was filled with mysterious runes of various sizes, and the runes were filled with a restraining force that imprisoned everything. The size of the silver thunder, squirming slightly.

Above the silver thunder, there are circles of silver lines, lifelike, if you look closely, these lines are exactly the same as the wriggling traces on Duan Qifei's eyebrows!

The silver thunder seems to be tightly bound on the stone platform by some kind of powerful restriction, but this does not affect the hegemonic aura it exudes that makes heaven and earth fear it.

"This is... the fluctuation of reincarnation..." At this moment, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan finally knew why there were faint lines on Duan Qifei's forehead.

"Fei'er... She is a reincarnator." Du Tianhong looked at Xiao Yan's surprised expression in front of him, and a pale and feeble voice slowly emerged.

"Sure enough... it's a reincarnator." When Xiao Yan heard the words, the heavy stone in his heart also fell.

Reincarnation.

The two are simple words, but whoever has a relationship with these two words is a first-class supreme power in the entire Great Thousand World.

"Xiao Yan, as the controller of Saint Flame, I'm afraid you know your identity as a reincarnator, don't you?" Du Tianhong's voice was no longer as domineering as he used to be, but his father was worried about his daughter.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"knowledge."

"The reincarnator, the reincarnator."

"A means left behind after the death of the power in the ancient times, it can reincarnate one's own power and pin it on a certain human being, so that it can take time. This peak power will wake up and help mankind to jointly defend against foreign evil races." There was a hint of helplessness in Xiao Yan's voice.

"When Mayfair was born, the power of thunder that was sealed in the stone platform appeared on his forehead."

"As her age and strength increased, after reaching Dou Xian, she was able to vaguely communicate this power. When she awakened this reincarnation power, she seemed to have changed a person, and her aura and personality were very different from before. , Since then, in order to prevent the reincarnation's power from awakening, her mother and I have completely lost us, and even her mother, at the cost of her death, forcibly took out the reincarnation token."

"Although it's sealed here, it's not a long-term solution if it goes on like this..."

"Because our strength is limited after all, and the energy contained in the reincarnation token is too huge, and if it lasts for a long time, the seal will be broken sooner or later and once the reincarnation token returns to Fei Shang, the consequences are absolutely Not what we can imagine."

"As parents, we just want our children to have a stable home. The mission of saving the world is too heavy and shouldn't happen to a girl..."

"So... Xiao Yan... I beg you as a father..."

"Take this token of reincarnation and accept it."

"You are the master of the holy flame. With the blessing of the token of reincarnation, you can become a reincarnation person in the future, and your strength will definitely be more terrifying..." Duan Tianhong couldn't cry, and directly knelt in the thunder void. He came down and cried to Xiao Yan with a very low attitude.

Who would have thought that the overlord of the Eastern Continent would actually look like this to a guy in the middle stage of a two-star fighting immortal.

"Master of Forging Valley, the younger generation can't afford your gift, so please get up quickly."

"However, your request, I am helpless." Faced with such a move by the Valley Forge Master, Xiao Yan was also quite helpless.

"Why?" Duan Tianhong couldn't help asking, a trace of anger welling up in his heart.

"Reincarnation, the token of reincarnation is one. Even if you deprive the token of reincarnation, no one can replace the identity of the reincarnator... Because of the token of reincarnation, it will wake up all the memories and memories of the reincarnator sooner or later. Strength..." Xiao Yan's voice was filled with helplessness, and he looked at Duo Qifei who was surrounded by gods.

Until now, he didn't know that this girl, who seemed to be smiling all day, had such a big mission behind her.