Chapter Vol 4 966: companion!

"So strong!" At this time, as Xuanmu's subordinates attacked, all of Mu Tianyuan's six hearts suddenly flashed a little bit of vigilance.

The six of them were already covered with scars at this time. If Mu Tianyuan hadn't displayed a powerful attack in the end, he would have wounded the wolf dragon, one of the two eight-star Dou Emperor early powerhouses, and lost his fighting power, I'm afraid their end would have been extremely bleak.

However, Mu Tianyuan's body was also full of scars.

"Eldest brother, this is not the way to go."

"Although the formation is powerful, the power of the six of us is limited. Facing such a tyrannical attack from them, we may not be able to sustain it for long." Huang Kong on the side couldn't help asking.

"Now, I can only say that I am looking forward to that guy Duan Yu." After Mu Tianyuan finished speaking, there was a burst of dazzling aura.

When the other five saw this, they couldn't help but nod their heads. If it came to the final crisis, they would sacrifice their lives without hesitation. i>i>

"Boom!" A burst of dazzling energy of life tilted above the formation like spring water. At that time, the dazzling light formation formed by the power of six people showed signs of being broken. Looking at this appearance, it was obviously supportive. Soon.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Mu Tianyuan, death is imminent, I see who can save you this time!" And Xuanmu watched the two attacks vigilantly.

Xuanmu's strength is extremely weak. After all, this guy put all his thoughts on power, so his cultivation of strength has also fallen. Now it is only the initial stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, but this does not affect his influence at all.

"Junior Brother Xiao Yan, that's my brothers."

"Please save them!" At this moment, in a very hidden place outside the open space, Duan Yu felt uncomfortable, and then said with worry in his eyes.

"There are a lot of powerhouses here..." Xiao Yan naturally would not stand by and watch, but the powerhouses here were beyond Xiao Yan's expectations, so Xiao Yan couldn't help but say. i>i>

A powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, Xiao Yan did not say that he was defeated, but he was barely able to fight, but in addition to the powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou-Emperor, there were also many powerhouses who were complete with the Seven-Star Dou-Emperor. The toughest.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, it is naturally not difficult to see that the strength of the six people in front of them is already negligible, and they are blocked by the last formation. If this formation is broken, I am afraid...

"Duan Yu, I'll take action in a while, and you will immediately take all the brothers away!"

"I have my own way to escape." Xiao Yan thought for a while and said.

"No, there are too many strong people here, we don't worry about leaving you alone."

"Senior brothers, they still have the strength to fight and can help you." Duan Yu shook his head and said, after all, the first place in the Fenxiang Pavilion, there is no reason to abandon the same sect.

"Trust me, I have my own way to escape." i>i>

"You guys are seriously injured right now, just being here... will only hinder me." Xiao Yan said,

"Yes." Following Xiao Yan's words, Duan Yu suddenly agreed quietly.

"This time, the seven of us were attacked by the Xuanling royal family, so everything depends on the younger brother." After Duan Yu finished speaking, he suddenly clasped his fists towards Xiao Yan and said.

"Don't worry, these people will be buried with Senior Brother Yintong." Xiao Yan said softly, but his words were full of killing intent.

"Kacha Kacha." While Xiao Yan and Duan Yu were talking, the aura of the six people around the dry well was stagnant, and it was obvious that they had reached the point where the lamp was running out of oil.

"No, this formation is about to break."

"Huang Kong, when the formation is broken, you will take the four of them away, and I will stay and stop them." Mu Tianyuan's face became pale, and he said weakly. So far, he can only try his best to leave blood for the Temple of Heaven. , otherwise this time the seven people in the Heavenly Palace will be destroyed under their leadership. i>i>

As the senior brother of the entire Heavenly Temple, he absolutely must fight for the opportunity for them to escape, even if he sacrifices himself, or even blew himself up!

"Do not!"

"Senior brother, we are both prosperous and we will never run away!" Luan Yu's face was not very good-looking, but he still said stubbornly.

"This is an order!" Mu Tianyuan naturally knew that his younger brothers and sisters would not agree so easily, so he had to forcefully support him.

"Don't worry, none of you can escape!" While Mu Tianyuan and everyone were talking, Xuanmu said with a smile.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the light formation shattered instantly, and Mu Tianyuan, who was above him, also spewed out a mouthful of blood. Obviously, the formation of this formation had a great impact on him.

"Go ahead, capture these six people alive for me!" Just when the light formation was broken, Xuanmu snorted suddenly, and the wolf heads of the eight-star Dou Emperor's initial strength immediately attacked directly with several seven-star Dou Emperor complete powerhouses. As for the other powerhouses, they are guarding Xuanmu. After all, Xuanmu is also afraid of pushing this group of people in a hurry, and they will blow themselves up. i>i>

"Hahaha!"

"It is said that you, Mu Tianyuan, are a rare genius in the Fenxiang Pavilion Heavenly Palace. Although they are a lot worse than Yintong, they are also an excellent seedling."

"When I capture you, I will let you know and provoke the fate of our Xuanling royal family!"

"Abolish vindictiveness, and then let Fen Tian come over to lead people." Xuan Mu said with a gloomy smile, the gloomy scroll in his hand became more and more strange.

"Boy, suffer!" The wolf head bore the brunt, and as expected, the Eight-Star Dou Emperor suddenly rushed out, and then slapped Mu Tianyuan and the other six with his palm!

This palm is extremely terrifying. If the six people were in their prime, any one would be able to resist, but now the six people have less than one breath in ten, this attack is tantamount to extinction for them!

"Let's go!" A burst of vitality emerged in Mu Tianyuan's hands, and then he directly pushed the five black people around him out for dozens of meters, while his body, without any cover, gently slammed into the devastating blow of the wolf's head! i>i>

This Mu Tianyuan clearly wanted to use his life to resist this blow in exchange for the lives of the other five junior brothers!

"Eldest brother!" Upon seeing this, no one of the five thought about running away, and in their minds echoed in their minds how the elder brother treated them in the past!

"Elder brother, I'm sorry."

"But our Burning Incense Pavilion has never taught us to abandon our companions." And Huang Kong also brought the five people back directly to Mu Tianyuan, and a wave of indifference emerged!

"Hey, you guys." Seeing this, Mu Tianyuan couldn't help but smile, but that smile became a little illusory, and even his breath was a little burning.

"No, he's going to blow himself up!" And the wolf head bears the brunt. Seeing Mu Tianyuan's actions, he hurried back.

The self-destruction of the Seven Star Dou Emperor's complete powerhouse, if one fails, I am afraid that he will be severely injured or even fall in an instant, so the wolf head and several people also have the intention of retreating.

"Senior brother, leave it to me next." Just when Mu Tianyuan's body was burning with abnormal agitation, he was suddenly enveloped by a gentle force and then quieted down.

Please remember the domain name of this book: .. Mobile version reading website: m.

https:

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: