Chapter Vol 4 1530: Receiver of 4 courtyards!

"I don't know what Your Excellency thinks?" Seeing that his attack and the attack of the Black Corpse General were instantly extinguished, Xiao Yan didn't rush to make a move, but said with a hint of gentleness on the corner of his mouth.

Xiao Yan knew that it would be extremely difficult to easily defeat the black corpse with his current strength in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals. However, the warning just now was very obvious. If the black corpse was ignorant, Xiao Yan could only waste some time. Make this guy suffer.

"Sir, please let me fight him thoroughly!" The black corpse general seemed to be provoked, his **** and violent aura was undoubtedly on display, and he clasped his fists and shouted at the black corpse king.

"Forget it, when you join the four courtyards, you will have a lot of opportunities to compete. Don't be in a hurry, let's go, you can't let the recipients of the four courtyards wait for us for too long." After a while, the black corpse king's eyes were also Moved away from Xiao Yan, he knew that this Xiao Yan could come here with the strength of the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal. In addition to the short battle with the black corpse general, this guy is definitely the most terrifying among the eleven people. One of them, and the current priority is to join the Four Great Courts first, naturally there is no need to tear up the face.

Moreover, the King of Pluto is covetous, there is no need to disturb the relationship between them for these trivial matters, otherwise once the Lord of the Soul is to blame, that kind of anger is not something that their strength can bear.

"If that's the case, then let's go." After everyone finished speaking, they also escorted their disciples into a beam of light, and then went directly to the inside of the statue.

"This statue is actually a gate of space?" Xiao Yan was also surprised when he saw the black corpse king and the three-faced ghost leaving.

"The Heaven-reaching Stone Steps, every strong person who enters the Li Soul Realm will be guided by the Heaven-reaching Stone Steps, and then come to pray under the statue of the Lord of the Li Soul, and there is a very small chance that prayers will be accepted. The powerhouses of the four courtyards were discovered and earned under the sect.”

"However, this is only a corner of Li Soul Domain. Only through the statues, one can enter the territory of the Four Great Courts. It is only the power of the statues, and only some plane masters know the method."

"Let's go."

"I saw the powerhouses of the four major courtyards in a while. Which courtyard do you want to join, just act according to the opportunity." After the king of heaven said, he also turned into a beam of light, and then enveloped the crowd, leading them into the statues and heading to the four courtyards. compound.

Duan Qifei was also a little sad, and even Xiao Gui looked in a trance, as if he had been to this Li Soul Realm long ago, but his memory was limited and it was quite painful.

At this time, in the central area of ​​the four academies in Li Soul Territory, several strong people have been waiting for a long time, and they are the receivers who are responsible for attracting the three plane disciples to join the four academies this time.

Li Soul Territory rules thousands of continents, and every once in a while, the master of the planes in the lower realm will send some fresh blood with extraordinary talents to Li Soul Territory. As a reward, the selected outstanding disciples, Li The Lord of Souls will bestow some benefits on these unavoidable Lords.

And these arrogant sons joined the Four Great Courts and were taught by the powerhouses, becoming a powerhouse and then being transported to the lower realm to manage the planes on the continent. In this cycle, this Soul Realm is also eternal.

In the center of Li Hunyu, above a pavilion, five figures stand slowly. This pavilion is the habitat of every recipient. Of course, this time is no exception.

"Hey, the old ghost of Earth Spirit, this time it was you who came to represent your Earth Spirit Academy. It seems that your academy master is quite concerned about the fresh blood this time." Among the five figures, one The white-haired old man suddenly took a sip of the wine gourd in his hand, then opened his mouth and said, looking at a calm old man in front of him.

"Your court sent you here, isn't it inevitable that you will get fresh blood this time?" The white-haired old man glanced at the guy holding the wine gourd and said softly.

"Hehe, Soul Talisman of Soul Court and Yuan Xiao of Judgment Court, it seems that the Four Great Courts came prepared this time." After a short while, the drinking old man glanced at the other two and immediately laughed.

Soul Academy Soul Talisman, it is said that this guy's strength is an upright six-star fighting immortal, and his status in the Soul Academy is also very high. Many confidential research is done by him, and he is very popular with the master of the soul. So come today, I am afraid that there are other plans.

Yuan Xiao of the Court of Judgment, this guy is said to be extremely powerful, and he has a lot of troops in his hand.

The old man holding the wine gourd, named Zhou Qi, is said to be the one who has the right to speak in the court of justice.

The old ghost of the Earth Spirit, this guy is a nominal headmaster in the Earth Spirit Academy. His strength and status are undoubtedly more powerful than the other three, but because of his free and easy nature, he travels around the world, so his status is slightly low. .

"Weng buzzing!" After a short while, the space around the pavilion vibrated violently, and then a soldier in armor stepped out!

As the soldier stepped out, a desolate and dignified aura emerged from the pavilion. Even the soldier had black armor covering his entire body. On the black armor, there were countless squirming black lines, which set off his aura. It is extremely sinister and tyrannical, even the atmosphere of the four present is not so tyrannical.

"This is... the 'Li Soul Guard' of the Lord of Li Soul?" After a while, Zhou Qi took the lead and opened the mouth and said The breath of the little liar and the armored soldier made him familiar.

The so-called 'Li Hunwei' is extremely powerful, but there are only a few hundred people, but all of them are kings among the leaders. They live in the temple of the Lord of the Soul, and serve the Lord of the Soul exclusively. They are also the guards under the Lord of Li Soul!

As for the one who appeared in front of them, it could be known from the pattern on the armor alone. This guy is probably one of the best among the 'Soul Guards'.

"I didn't know the general was coming..." After a while, the old ghost of Earth Spirit frowned and said.

"Four lords, under the order of the Lord of Li Soul, come here to pick up one person, and will not interfere with the four lords absorbing fresh blood, so everyone, don't panic." The armored man stood straight and his voice was unusually loud. The way, the polite way.

"This guy... Master Li Soul is still reluctant to let her go." Hearing the soldier's majestic voice, the other four strong men also muttered slowly in their hearts. Obviously, the purpose of their trip was to be with the guy. Exactly the same, but now that the Lord of Li Soul has an order, I am afraid they have to give up.

However, when they thought of the reincarnation rune on the woman's body, their hearts were itching. After all, they were able to bring in the reincarnation, and the strength of their courtyard in the future could be said to be rising.

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, Xiao Yan's group, led by the three strong men, slowly penetrated the void and came here.