Chapter Vol 4 1086: war

"It's really a huge lineup." Xiao Yan looked at the aura emanating from the hundreds of powerhouses in front of him, without any fear, he directly faced this tyrannical aura and spoke to the Xuanling King word for word. said.

However, in the depths of his pupils, there was still a slight pain in the flesh, because many of the powerhouses in front of him were all his own elders, and now they were actually controlled by the Xuanling King, and a feeling of anger and worry slowly emerged.

"Second brother..."

"Second brother." Xiao Yi and Long Yi both came directly to Xiao Yan, trying to resist this momentum, but Xiao Yan waved his hand and stopped him.

"My king..." Wen Zi was about to say something just now, but was also stopped directly by King Xuanling.

"You go down."

"There are some miscellaneous fish outside Xuanling Mountain, you can solve it." King Xuanling ordered.

"Yes." Wen Zi heard the words and left here directly.

"Ha ha."

"Xiao Yan, I have to say that you are very courageous." Seeing Wen Zi disappear, King Xuanling stared at Xiao Yan who was under enormous pressure in front of him, and laughed.

"You bastard!" Long Yi and Xiao Yi, who were on the side, both turned their eyes towards the Xuanling King and became hideous.

"Hoohoo."

"It's really a weak force." At the next moment, Xiao Yan directly shook the momentum away, muttering to himself, although there was blood on the corner of his mouth because of the shock.

"They used to be your close relatives, but now they have become my slaves."

"As long as I give an order, they will be scattered."

"And you kid, I'm afraid there are some secrets on your body, otherwise how dare you kill so many powerful people in my Xuanling royal family."

"You'd better invite him out... Otherwise, you will die today." King Xuanling was not in a hurry and said slowly.

"Xiao Yan, these guys have been completely controlled by him, don't act recklessly." Cai Lin looked at Xiao Yan's determined eyes and said solemnly.

"Second brother, these people are under the control of King Xuanling, more than a dozen Dou Xian and many nine-star Dou Di..." And when Xiaoyi glanced at the back of King Xuanling, those scenes, it was him Can not help but startled.

"Okay."

"That's what you want." And when Xiao Yan heard the words, there was blood in his pupils, and he knew that today might be a mortal situation.

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he twisted his fingers slightly, and then an indescribable terrifying black ghostly energy emerged directly from Na Jie.

"What is this?" King Xuanling just saw this thing, and his eyes suddenly lit up. With his current strength, he knew that the strength of this thing in front of him was stronger than any ghost world powerhouse he had come into contact with before. powerful.

"No matter where you are today, you have to stay here completely."

"Xuan Cang, stop him!" After a short while, King Xuan Ling ordered directly, and after speaking, Xuan San, who was tyrannical to the two-star Dou Xian beside him, directly faced the black qi outside Xiao Yan.

"Sure enough, it is a two-star fighting immortal." The Soul Eater had just left Xiao Yan's Soul Eater Talisman body, but at this time, he had turned into a black gas.

"Boom boom boom." Xuan Cang didn't seem to intend to give Soul Eater a chance to breathe, and attacked directly.

"Nice attack." The Lord of Soul Eater said lightly, and the ghostly energy wrapped around his body continued to emerge, resisting Xuan Cang.

"You guys, stop Long Yi and Xiao Yi for me." In the next moment, King Xuanling said to a group of fighting immortals.

"Yes, my king." King Xuanling gave an order. Those strong people were directly dominated by the sect master of the Poison Sect, with a strange blood color in their pupils. Then ten fighting immortal strong men attacked Long Yi and Xiao Yi. And go.

"Ten Fighting Immortals... Who can stand it!" Long Yi and Xiao Yi couldn't help but move when they saw this. Obviously, with their strength, they were not enough to deal with so many powerhouses.

"Do it!" Xiao Yi also said in a deep voice, they all knew that today was probably a real death battle.

"These little guys." The Soul Eater Lord Hei Tuan, who was able to deal with Xuan Cang with ease, smiled slightly when he saw this.

"Pfft!" In just a few breaths, the ten Dou Immortals completely surrounded Control Soul and Xiao Yi.

"Forget it, these guys are too strong for them." After a while, the Master of Soul Eater also had an answer in his heart.

"Blood River Bell..."

"Crash." As Soul Eater's muttering fell, a delicate bell filled with countless blood-colored mysterious runes slowly appeared in everyone's sight.

"This is……"

"Blood River Bell, the evil soldier in the ghost world?" When he saw this scene, the calm King Xuanling was immediately surprised, and then his pupils were filled with greed.

With the strength of his Xuanling King now, coupled with this evil soldier, it is enough to fight beyond the ranks, so this thing must be obtained!

"You guys, give it to me!"

"This bell must be obtained." King Xuanling said to a group of figures around him.

"Boom boom boom." After a while, the blood river bell directly enveloped all the powerhouses present, and then a **** color directly included all the powerhouses in it.

"I'll leave the rest to you." The Lord of Soul Eater watched as the ten Dou Xian were temporarily imprisoned by Xue He Ling, and the remaining Nine Star Dou Emperor and other strong men said to Long Yi and Xiao Yi~www .mtlnovel.com ~ good. "Long Yi and Xiao Yi were overjoyed when they saw this.

The strength of the two of them, it is still possible to stop these nine-star fighting emperors and eight-star fighting emperors for a while.

"Xiao Yan, success or failure depends on you." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he was resisting Xuan Cang's attack.

"I can't see that you have a lot of secrets in this kid."

"That group of black gas should be a strong person in the ghost world, right?" Seeing the ten fighting immortals around him being sucked into the blood river bell, the Xuanling King had no worries, but a trace of ecstasy emerged, because This is enough to prove the tyranny of Blood River Bell.

"My secrets... there are quite a few."

"Among them, killing you human beings who have been polluted by evil races from outside the territory is the first one." Xiao Yan smiled while staring at King Xuanling.

"I'm not ashamed to say..."

"Don't worry, I won't let you die too fast, I will torture you well..."

"You can't live without dying!"

"Hahaha!" King Xuanling's evil laughter filled the entire altar.

"How can the seven-star Dou Di fight with the Xuanling King who is a complete one-star Dou Xian..." Mu Yingying couldn't help worrying about the conversation between Xiao Yan and the Xuanling King, because the difference in strength between the two It's too obvious, I'm afraid Xiao Yan has no chance of winning.

And what puzzled Mu Yingying the most was, why did Xiao Yan fight?

Even though he knew he couldn't beat him, he still had to bite the bullet, ignoring the threat of being seriously injured and falling.

What is this human emotion?

"It is said that there is a way in the holy flame, which can have the power to instantly change the situation of the battle, but the price is too huge..." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and a relationship with Xiao Yan kept emerging in her mind. Bit by bit, an immature idea emerged.