Chapter Vol 4 1272: wack

"Huhu."

"It really hasn't been a long time since I was so relaxed." Xiao Yan slowly got up, stretched his waist, and said with a smile.

Since the registration was completed and settled down, Xiao Yan also directly rested for a day and a night, but fortunately, the rest of the day allowed Xiao Yan to return to the peak of both his mental strength and his state.

"There is still some time to go before the competition. It seems that I have to go to the auction to see if there is any medicine pill I need. After all, this is Leicheng, so there must be some opportunities..."

"And it happens that there is an alchemist association here, so I just went to update my pharmacist level."

"Hehe." Xiao Yan tidyed up a little, and suddenly opened the door gently, without disturbing the two daughters, Yu Ran Ran, and quietly left the City Lord's Mansion.

"Tsk tsk... This traffic flow is really terrifying." He just left the city lord's mansion quietly through the back door, and immediately entered the busy city, with bursts of shouting.

"Immortal rank first-grade weapon, come and have a look..."

"Immortal-level fighting skills, don't miss it when you pass by..."

However, no matter how many shouts, Xiao Yan found out that no one was selling pills, and it was obvious that the alchemist was above Dongzhou, and the scarcity was probably far beyond his imagination.

"This old man, may I ask how to get to the auction house?" Xiao Yan stepped forward directly, a few gold coins appeared in his hand, and then smiled politely to him, this Leicheng area is too large, if there is no one to guide the direction If so, it may be difficult to find an auction house.

"Hey-hey."

"This little brother, you can ask the right person. Just walk straight from here to the end of the busy market in the auction house." The old man heard the words, but he took the gold coin from Xiao Yan's hand and grinned. smile.

"Thank you old man." Xiao Yan ignored it and walked directly through the crowd towards the auction house.

"Hey, boy, I found you."

"It seems that the Ice Sinner and I were right."

"It's just that this is Leicheng, our sinners haven't come yet, otherwise we will arrest you."

"A guy who might have holy flame must be completely obliterated no matter what."

"But fortunately, only the Frozen Envoy and I know about this matter. If he really has holy flames on his body, I'm afraid it will be... rustling for me." The old man who just showed Xiao Yan the way suddenly made some rather strange voices. , and then drowned in the crowd.

It's not Xiao Yan's fault for this matter, after all, Xiao Yan also has moments of laxity.

"That old man just now had a strange aura." Xiao Yan had just left the downtown and headed for the auction house, and the Soul Eater immediately said.

"Strange?" Xiao Yan shook his head slightly when he heard the words, obviously Xiao Yan didn't pay attention just now.

"That guy should also be a sinner."

"You have to be careful," said Soul Eater.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded, and he could vaguely realize that the power of sin was no trivial matter.

Without a word, Xiao Yan walked quietly across the busy city and came to the auction house not far away.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is this Lei Cheng's auction house..."

"It's so elegant." Just after arriving at the end of the downtown, a splendid building slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's pupils.

This splendid building, placed in the entire Thunder City, is also quite weighty.

"The auction house in the Thunder City has gathered countless rare treasures from almost the entire East Continent. In addition to the recent registration period of the East Continent Ratio, it is inevitable that many strong people will also take out the treasures in their hands. Circulation, so I am afraid that a lot of materials for collecting undead fire can be collected here." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"I hope there is something I need here." Xiao Yan said, and then Na Jie squirmed slightly, a black robe instantly appeared on his body, covering his appearance and some physical characteristics, doing this Obviously to save some unnecessary trouble.

If the auction house really has something that he needs, even if the value is expensive, Xiao Yan, the alchemist, will not let it go.

"Shabu Shabu!" After doing all this, Xiao Yan walked directly towards the main entrance of the auction house.

"This lord..." At this time, a red carpet was slowly paving the way at the gate of the auction house, and there were guards around, but when they saw that Xiao Yan was so mysterious, they couldn't help but say.

"What?" Xiao Yan's figure hidden under the black robe opened his mouth instantly, and his voice was full of unpleasant emotions.

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a terrifying soul force emerged, causing these guards to retreat slightly.

"Hehe, it's alright, sir, please come in." The guards originally wanted Xiao Yan to take off the black robe. After all, this is an auction house, and they are in charge of guarding and naturally will not put some unknown guys, but the next moment, Xiao Yan A dazzling soul power emanated from Yan's body slightly, making them dispel the idea.

Such a dazzling soul power is probably a big man, so they don't dare to neglect, otherwise they offend a big man, but they can't eat it.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, then stepped on the red carpet and walked towards the auction house.

"Hey, you guy, your strength is good enough to be my opponent."

"Let's have a fight?" The next moment, when Xiao Yan's figure just walked past several guards and walked inside, a young man slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan, blocking Xiao Yan's way.

"This guy... is so fast."

"When did it appear?" Xiao Yan just wondered if there were any medicinal herbs he needed in the auction house, so he didn't notice this figure Xiao Yan wearing a black robe pierced through the black robes. robe, his dark pupils looked at it, and what caught his sight was a man of the same age as himself. The man was wearing a gray robe, with unfathomable strength, staring at him with a smile on his face. Ruowu's fighting spirit radiated out.

"Get out of the way." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said coldly. He didn't fear this man because of that.

"Hey, it's hard to find a guy with good strength. If you say let me go, isn't it shameful?" And the man still said to Xiao Yan reluctantly.

"If you don't want to die, get away from me." Xiao Yan snorted coldly.

"Hehe, Your Excellency is really arrogant." The gray-robed man said slowly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan also didn't bother to pay attention to this guy, he jumped directly, the speed skyrocketed, he jumped over, and entered the auction house.

"Sir..." And as Xiao Yan disappeared, the guards also came back to their senses.

The mysterious black-robed man just now dared to contradict this gray-robed man!

This gray-robed man is one of the best geniuses of the Alchemist Association in Thunder City. If this matter spreads out, it will probably make the Alchemist Association unhappy.

"It's okay, the master sent me to fetch some medicinal materials."

"That person was an interesting guy just now, I hope I can meet him again." The man in gray robe smiled slightly, and he also disappeared into the auction house.

. m.

​​

←

→ →

​​