Chapter 199: The past of the Golden Dragon King!

Xiao Yan walked towards the coffin in the center of the secret room step by step.

On the way, he didn't forget to wrap his body with a strange fire, and the terrifying energy of the milky white flame suddenly made this dark secret room, which had never seen the light of the sun, have a dazzling light.

Xiao Yan came to the coffin before, and the black beam of light at the coffin suddenly disappeared without a trace.

Coming a few steps in front of the coffin, Xiao Yan also found that the coffin was just like an ordinary one, but it was the most ordinary aura that made Xiao Yan very vigilant!

"Dragon Soul, what's in this coffin?" Xiao Yan also took off the ancient Yihuo Heng ruler behind him, and said to the dragon soul on the ruler.

"Um?"

"How do I know what's inside? The secret realm I'm in has only two exits, one is the third floor of the corpse forest, and the other is here." Dragon Soul was also extremely dissatisfied.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan also put away the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire and walked over carefully.

On the third floor of the Yin Corpse Forest, in a rather delicate cave, a beautiful man was sitting on a stone seat, looking at the sky surprisingly.

It was already night, and the moon slowly hung above the sky.

The strange thing is that no one can find any openings in this rather delicate cave. How can the moonlight come in?

The man is dressed in a long snow-white coat, which sets off his entire body well-proportioned. If you look closely, you will find that although he is a man, his charming facial features are quite delicate, and some women are rare.

"Boom boom boom!"

The man was lying down slowly under the moonlight, when suddenly a harsh voice came, which caught the man's attention.

"How can it be?"

"Someone actually entered the secret realm?" The man was also surprised when he finished speaking.

Then he waved at the void, and a white beam of light appeared in front of him. Inside the white beam of light was a man with a heavy ruler on his back.

"It was actually this human who subdued it. For thousands of years, I have been thinking about entering it, but I have never been able to get in. I can't think of it..." The man also laughed, and then disappeared into a stream of light.

Inside the secret room, Xiao Yan came to the coffin and looked at the coffin that was within easy reach. Xiao Yan was also hesitant. From the beginning to the end, the coffin seemed to have nothing to do with it. This was too unreasonable, so Xiao Yan also hesitated. stand up.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't worry, I still have mine at all times. As long as you have me, you will be fine." The voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, also sounded.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded indifferently.

As if he had taken a reassurance pill, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, stretched out his hand towards the coffin in the secret room and walked away.

Just as Xiao Yan's palm touched the coffin in the secret room, an extremely cold feeling swept over him.

Even though Xiao Yan had a strange fire to protect his body, he was able to resist the cold attack, and then Xiao Yan also increased the strength in his palm.

The material of the coffin seems to be made of stone, so it has a rare cold feeling. Xiao Yan increased his strength and opened the coffin instantly!

"Boom boom boom!"

The moment the stone coffin was opened by Xiao Yan, countless terrifying powers also emerged from the coffin!

"Ah ah ah!" The countless forces that emerged from the coffin instantly moved towards Xiao Yan's body, so Xiao Yan shouted "No!" Then a heart-piercing voice echoed in the secret room. in.

"Damn it!" The Golden Dragon King also came out first, and then looked at Xiao Yan, who was holding his head tightly in his hands and shouting, and was also anxious.

Xiao Yan was possessed by the mysterious power in the coffin, and then put his hands on his head, the heart-piercing echoes of his voice echoed in the secret room, the lid of the coffin had been opened, but at this time Xiao Yan was too busy to explore the coffin. There is something in it, because those mysterious forces emerged from the coffin and attacked Xiao Yan!

Just when Xin Xin opened the lid of the coffin, Xiao Yan formed dozens of layers of protection on his body with a huge strange fire, but he still said.

I don't know what these mysterious powers are, but they seem to have similarities with soul power.

"Hoohoho!" The deafening dragon roar instantly filled the secret room!

Impressively, it was sent by his master, the Golden Dragon King!

As soon as the huge dragon roar came out, the mysterious power covering Xiao Yan's body was immediately shaken away a lot!

Xiao Yan's body was also filled with milky white color, and then he gasped for breath, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him also fell to the ground.

"What are these things, they are so terrifying, they were almost controlled!" Xiao Yan also said weakly.

Just when the mysterious power in the coffin was possessed on Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan just felt that the soul realm in his body was shaking involuntarily, so this caused Xiao Yan to have a splitting headache.

"This is……"

The Dragon Soul also appeared at the moment when the deafening dragon roar appeared, and the blood vessels in the body trembled extremely seriously, and then unconsciously wanted to pay homage!

"How can it be!"

The dragon soul was also recovering, and then stared viciously at an ethereal soul in mid-air!

Absolutely not wrong!

Others may not know this terrifying dragon roar, but as a member of the dragon clan, how can the dragon soul not know it, this is obviously a direct pressure from the depths of the bloodline, and it is the dragon roar exclusively for their dragon clan leader!

And looking at the entire dragon clan, only nine people can have this level of dragon roar, and there is only one person who can emit such terrifying power!

Golden Dragon King!

Legend has it that the Dragon God gave birth to nine sons, and the nine sons are different, but the only thing that is clear is that among the nine sons, only the Golden Dragon King and the Silver Dragon King are the most powerful!

That is the most powerful being under the Dragon God!

In the past, the dragon soul also lived in the dragon clan, but was lured by humans to come here. The figure of the golden dragon will not be forgotten when the dragon soul is killed. It is the most conspicuous statue that has always been erected on the dragon clan square. To the legendary Golden Dragon King!

Dragon God, Dragon God, deserves his reputation and must be the strongest at the level of fighting gods, so this Golden Dragon King in the Dragon Clan is like a symbol of the strongest under the Dragon God!

And the dragons are the most united race!

It's no wonder that the Dragon Soul is so surprised. After all, the Dragon Soul can only be regarded as a member of the Dragon Clan at most, and this Golden Dragon King is the supreme leader of the Dragon Clan!

"Long Yi has seen the Golden Dragon King!" Dragon Soul said, ignoring the restrictions set by Xiao Yan, and then directly broke away from the seal of the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler, and walked on his knees to the Golden Dragon King. This is the most honorable dragon family. etiquette.

"Haha, have you been discovered yet?" The Golden Dragon King also looked at the dragon soul next to the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler below and murmured.

"Get up The Golden Dragon King said slowly.

"Patriarch, you are..." With Dragon Soul's eyesight, it is natural to know that the identity of the Golden Dragon King and the human boy in front of him is unusual.

"I lost the battle 10,000 years ago." It seemed that what his master Jinlongwang said was an understatement, but Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the power in his own master Jinlongwang was extremely inflated at this time!

"Patriarch, no matter what you do, our entire dragon family is proud of you!"

"Patriarch, please go back!" Dragon Soul also had a look of pleading in his eyes.

"I can't go back for now."

"And the kid in front of you is the one I like." The Golden Dragon King also said!

When Long Hun heard this, the original rebelliousness and dissatisfaction all disappeared. Looking at Xiao Yan in front of him, Long Yi seemed to have made a decision, and then said, "I'll bet on him!"

After speaking, he was also returning to the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, but at the same time, Xiao Yan discovered that the flame power in the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was also getting stronger and stronger, and Xiao Yan could feel that this dragon From now on, Yi will truly surrender to himself!

Although Xiao Yan doesn't know, but this must be attributed to his master Jinlong King, and then Xiao Yan also bowed deeply to his master Jinlong King, picked up the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, and then faced the already opened The coffin went away.

"Don't worry, you will be reborn in the world in the future!"

Ask for a ticket~