Chapter 370: The Golden Dragon King retreats and absorbs the source of life!

"Long Yi, I know your purpose for following me, but I can also tell you clearly, if you follow me faithfully and rule the dragon clan in the future, you will definitely be benefited, and Xiao Yan is also to some extent. My disciple, you should know how to do it, right?" The next moment, the Golden Dragon King also slowly said to Long Yi who was beside him.

"My lord, I know what to do." Long Yi also smiled, but his heart was already blooming with joy.

Obviously, Long Yi is also quite happy. After all, the dragon clan is a place where strong people gather. Every dragon from other planes takes entering the dragon clan as the highest honor!

Long Yi is no exception!

It's just that Long Yi's strength is too weak, and his own dragon blood is too weak, so if you want to join this dragon family, it will be more difficult than ascending to the sky!

But following Xiao Yan, it is different. Even Long Yi is very happy with the strength this kid is showing now. If he follows this kid, then the Golden Dragon King will be resurrected in the future, and he will join the Dragon Clan. There may be some great benefits as well.

By that time, Yu Yuelongmen will be just around the corner.

That's why Long Yi is so happy.

"When I'm away, remember to take good care of yourself." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils also became a little wet, obviously he had just arrived in this strange world, if it wasn't for his master, the Golden Dragon King, he probably wouldn't know where he was.

"Although you are only a four-star Dou Emperor at this time, the power of life is not a bad idea." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, he also exuded a golden dou Qi, and then closed his eyes slightly, facing the man in the palm of his hand. The source of life is gone!

The next moment, an extremely huge life force was also emitted from the source of life stone, and then slowly injected into the circular object.

"Next." After doing all this, the Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"Master, this..." As soon as Xiao Yan took over, he felt an extremely strong force emanating from this round object!

"This thing is called "Shengshuiyun", and it is a thing specially used to preserve medicinal power."

"As for the power of life, the effect is extremely terrifying. Even if it is you now, you will have a qualitative leap after absorbing it. After all, this is a power that can only be absorbed by the powerhouses of the Dou Xian level. Soul power, so I can rest assured that you can absorb it." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Furthermore, here is the core area of ​​the entire Xuanling Emperor Pond, and the effect of soaking here will be even better than outside!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And with this power of life, it is also a matter of course for the stepping stone of the Six-Star Dou Emperor."

"Even the five-star Dou Di can be touched." The Golden Dragon King also said.

Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this!

Even if it was the diluted life force in front of him, the intensity of its energy was even greater than anything Xiao Yan had ever seen before!

With such a huge power, I am afraid that it can also impact the level of the perfection level of the four-star Dou Emperor!

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words and said the same.

"Then I'm leaving." The Golden Dragon King also glanced at Xiao Yan slowly, and then no longer hesitated, with the rather strange shape of the source of life stone in his hand, and poured directly into the Emperor Yan Ring in Xiao Yan's hand Among them, and his own soul, also followed the source of life into the Emperor Flame Ring instantly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan also felt that, in his Emperor Flame Ring, in a dark space, a huge golden hood also appeared. Obviously, this is his master Jinlong King devouring the source of life stone and restoring his origin. force.

"Let's do the right thing, after all, it's a lot of time lost." Xiao Yan also said slowly after a short stay.

"Don't worry, there's me too." Long Yi also found that Xiao Yan seemed a little lost, and then said slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan also responded with a sound, then picked up the "Sheng Shuiyun" in his hand and observed it carefully.

This water cloud looks like a vessel with a ring-shaped edge!

The edges are ring-shaped, and the middle sinks.

In the vessel at this time, the colorless and transparent water also stood slowly and quietly.

Although it is extremely small, the terrifying power contained in it is exuded without the slightest concealment!

"This is really a good thing..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

The seemingly weak life force in his hands, if Xiao Yan had not possessed as many as twenty-three kinds of different fires and a huge soul force, he would not dare to absorb it rashly!

Otherwise, if you can't absorb such a huge amount of power, you'll have to explode and die!

Fortunately, Xiao Yan had enough confidence to absorb this power, and immediately put the vessel down, and then slowly sat cross-legged!

If he wanted to absorb this life force, Xiao Yan also had to make sure of everything, after all, this kind of opportunity was rare.

Xiao Yan sat down cross-legged, then took out many high-level medicinal pills and slowly placed them in front of him.

"The space here is really strange. It can't recover any trace of Dou Qi, and the body of Dou Emperor cannot be used." Xiao Yan also murmured, and the next moment Xiao Yan no longer hesitated, and suddenly took those medicinal pills slowly. to swallow it!

Immediately after taking the medicine pill, an extremely gentle force instantly swam in Xiao Yan's body, roaming among Xiao Yan's limbs.

At that time, the parts of Xiao Yan's body where the fighting qi was exhausted were slowly recovering the fighting qi, and the medicinal power was constantly swimming.

"King……"

"The fat and thin brothers and sisters failed..." A man dressed in plain clothes also swayed the feather fan in his palm slightly.

"Trash!"

"My Xuanling royal family has nurtured them for so long, yet I can't even handle this trivial matter!" On the throne, King Xuanling was also instantly furious.

The extremely expensive night pearl on the palm was also crushed instantly and turned into powder in the hall.

"King, calm down." Wen Zi also said.

"How are the preparations for the crusade against the Medusa family?" The next moment, King Xuanling suddenly raised his head and asked.

"The Dragon-loving Legion has already gathered five people..."

"The remaining five people are also being summoned. Once these five people are gathered together, they can also set off to crusade Medusa at that time."

"It's just..." Before Wen Zi finished speaking, his tone became extremely strange.

"Just what?" King Xuanling also snorted coldly.

"Among the dragon-loving legions, many people seem to be very dissatisfied with your rule..." Wen Zi said slowly without hesitation.

"damn it!"

"After this success, I will make you all willingly bow your heads and serve as ministers!" After King Xuanling finished speaking, his eyes became fierce.

"Go on, prepare for the auction first." King Xuanling also remembered something, and then said slowly.

"Yes, my king." Wen Zi also replied softly, and then left the next moment.

At this time, in the great hall, the gold and blue were brilliant, and only King Xuanling was left on the throne. He didn't know what to think.

In another place, in an extremely delicate room, Elder Zhu also opened his eyes and murmured, "There are still 20 days."

Ask for tickets!