Chapter Vol 4 1874: An unstoppable monster!

"Who the **** are you?" Xiao Yan looked vigilantly at the man standing on the water in front of him, hesitantly, but this guy's figure was rather dim, like a projection of nothingness.

The voice just now, and even the breath just now had nothing to do with the man in front of him, but the man who appeared in front of Xiao Yan now, regardless of his breath or identity, surprised Xiao Yan, they were completely different.

"I am a human, from the human world."

"There is a monster who has imprisoned me. If you have the ability, then rescue me. In return, I can tell you one of the ten major weapons in the monster world. I believe you will be interested." Yu Yin curled up, The figure disappeared in an instant like a dim candlelight, leaving only such an intriguing sentence.

"Ten tyrants?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, and he lost his voice.

Daqian World, the highest level of weapons, is called an artifact. Xiao Yan doesn't know how powerful an artifact is. However, since the master of the spirit world holds the spirit-killing sword, the artifact of the ghost realm, it can endanger the reincarnation level powerhouse and artifact. The power is self-evident.

The Great Thousand World is divided into seven worlds. In the human world, they call themselves divine weapons. There are twenty-five divine tools in the human world. The birth of each divine tool will cause huge disturbances. The ghosts in the world are called evil soldiers. Two evil soldiers, each of them contains a terrifying power that is unforgettable. Today, the artifact in the demon world is called the tyrannical weapon. As the name suggests, combined with the power of their demon spirits, it is extremely domineering and unmatched.

"Boom!" At the moment Xiao Yan lost his voice, a huge tortoise-shell beast slowly overflowed the water surface. The tortoise shell was depicted with the fluctuation of countless growth rings. This guy is probably also a supernatural being with a life span of more than a thousand years!

The calculation of supernatural life is different from that of human beings. All things in the world are supernatural. Only after the birth of self-conscious life can we begin to calculate life. Moreover, the lifespan of monsters is very long. , but the appearance is quite difficult to change, it seems that the moment they become human, the faces and skins are basically stereotyped.

"The little guy with the fire attribute... Come down!" A faint head was exposed on the top of the huge tortoise shell, which formed a stark contrast to the fat tortoise shell.

"Old guy!" Xiao Yan temporarily forgot all other thoughts, raised his palm, and the incomparably hot heat swept Xiao Yan, and rushed directly at this monster, but at this time Xiao Yan felt that this guy was clearly a A complete bastard!

"Boom!" The hot flames turned into a scene of lava, but when it hit the tortoise shell, it was evaporated into bursts of white smoke. Obviously, the defensive power of the tortoise shell made one's complexion change.

"Ow!" With a loud voice, the tortoise-shaped demon spirit shouted loudly, and countless water waves surrounded it, and then a Sanskrit sound slowly eroded Xiao Yan's mind.

"Forget it, you can't waste time here." The flames on Xiao Yan's body turned from fiery red to amber as soon as he finished speaking, and his divine and tyrannical aura was increasing. From this appearance, it was obvious that he wanted to solve this problem as soon as possible.

Now the immortal flame and the immortal golden body are combined into one, and in order to sense the immortal and immortal space, Xiao Yan did not fuse the amber flame soul fire with the immortal flame, otherwise Xiao Yan's new holy flame would be enough to rank in the holy flame list The first fourteen or so, but now the amber flame soul fire fused with the four holy flames is enough for Xiao Yan to squander.

"This is it?" Looking at the hot amber flames throbbing around Xiao Yan's body, the turtle-shaped monster couldn't help but mutter, and there was an indescribable shock in his expression!

The fire of the holy flame is not only absolutely suppressed in the human world, but also in the other six realms, otherwise the holy flame would not be the strongest force unanimously recognized by the world!

"How can it be?"

"Holy Flame?" At this moment, the turtle-shaped monster couldn't help roaring, swinging its turtle tail violently to stir up the lake water below, trying to escape!

Its strength is not as tyrannical as Xiao Yan's. If Xiao Yan adds the power of Saint Yan, I am afraid that this time, he will not have any chance of winning!

"Be honest with me!" Xiao Yan didn't cremate his amber flame soul into a chain with his nonsense. He entwined this monster tightly. In the early stage of the Seven Star Dou and the use of Holy Flame, it was naturally quite easy to deal with this kind of guy.

"You you you!" The turtle-shaped monster was originally a six-star Dou Xian perfection level strength, but when facing Xiao Yan, it had no desire to fight.

"What's under the lake?" Xiao Yan said softly after binding the monster, trying to use his soul power to see through, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't reach that point.

"Humph!"

"I don't know what you are talking about." The turtle-shaped monster rolled his eyes at Xiao Yan.

"Ah ah ah!" Xiao Yan didn't get angry either, but the amber chain flickered slightly, and a trace of holy flame injected into it, tormenting the monster beast protected by the huge tortoise shell to death.

"Don't, don't, sir, please forgive me, I said what I said!" The scorching scorching lasted only a few minutes, and the turtle-shaped monster couldn't hold on anymore and surrendered.

"What's down there?"

"What are you?"

"What's your intention here?" Xiao Yan asked in a series of questions.

"There is a very evil below... ah ah ah!" The turtle-shaped monster seemed to want to deceive Xiao Yan, but the amber flame soul fire contained the power of ghost face soul flame, allowing Xiao Yan to easily feel the spirit of this big guy Fluctuation When sensing this guy's flowery intestines, the flames erupted, causing him to let out a deafening scream.

"There is a human below."

"He seems to know some treasures in our demon world. I imprisoned them and tried to interrogate the whereabouts of the treasures." The turtle-shaped monster was honest and said word by word.

"Take me down." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Here!" After taking a breath, the monster said in a deep voice, and immediately jumped into the lake.

"I hope you don't play tricks, otherwise..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also followed.

"Gulu gulu!" Xiao Yan followed the monsters to move under the lake water, and as the depth of descent increased, Xiao Yan felt a dampness rushing towards his face.

"It's here." After resting, the two passed through the lake to a simple house at the bottom of the lake that was isolated from the water.

"Zi lazi lazi!"

"Is someone finally here?" The two stood quietly outside the house, and suddenly a happy voice came from inside.

"Open the door." Xiao Yan said coldly.

"Damn!" The tortoise-shaped monster questioned in dissatisfaction, gently opened the door, and sent Xiao Yan in. Because of his huge body, he could only wait outside. .

There are also aliens in the demon world who don't want to turn into human bodies. For them, the state of monsters has unimaginable powers, so they won't turn into human beings unless they have to!

"Finally someone came to save me." At this time, the man bound by the chains in the house felt a rather tyrannical aura slowly entering here, and laughed.