Chapter Vol 4 1876: Was he run away?

"This is the origin of the demon emperor Tianhen and the demon of light."

"And the Sky Splitting Demon Spear, which ranks third in the Demon World, has disappeared since the Demon Emperor was sealed, but this tyrannical weapon is extremely domineering. It is a pity that only the Demon Emperor has been able to control it since ancient times." The man kept shaking his head, and the regret in his voice was very obvious, but when this guy spoke, his eyes kept rolling, as if he was thinking about other malicious things.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan felt a little suspicious after listening to what this guy said. Judging from Xiao Yan's soul power and sense of smell, this guy's soul power has always been in a fairly quiet state, so he is lying. The possibility is extremely small, but this kind of thing that is extremely important to the demon world, and even the black fiend dragon wolf is not necessarily so clear, how can a five-star fighting immortal in this area be so clear?

If there were no hidden secrets, Xiao Yan would definitely not believe it.

"Hey, don't look at me, the reason I know these things is because when I entered the demon world, I accidentally got a piece of the demon book, which was recorded on it." Seeing Xiao Yan's vigilant appearance, the man opened his mouth. road.

"Monster book?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"Yes, the demon book, it is said that this is a demon book that records the rare treasures in the demon world, and it even has the method of how to find the demon's fate, so that it has a detailed record of the ten major weapons and records of other treasures. , but the things that can be recorded in the fragments of the demon book are limited." The man said quite fiery.

"Give me that shard, and I can protect you from the demon world." After pondering for a while, Xiao Yan said.

"Boy, are you really a little master and I'm scaring you?"

"To tell you the truth, I have a fragment of a demon book on my body. It can help me find the demon book... But if I want to give it to you, there is no door!" The bound man said coldly.

"Zi la la!" Seeing the man in **** being so stubborn, an invisible soul force leaned out from Xiao Yan's body.

"Your uncle's, I'll give it to you!"

"But remember what you said!" As soon as he gritted his teeth, the bound man's body shook slightly, and a green page slowly fell off.

The green pages were about the size of a few palms, but the green words on them were extremely powerful. Those words gave Xiao Yan an extremely tyrannical oppression. Even today's Xiao Yan couldn't bear such tyrannical fluctuations.

"Now, can you let me down?" The bound man smiled, but his face was very calm, and he didn't feel any pain because of the loss of the demon book fragments.

"Xuuuu!" Xiao Yan didn't even bother to explore the fragments of the demon book, so he put them away, flames emerged from his palm, and he suddenly slashed at the iron chain beside the man.

"Bang dang bang dang!" The iron chain was easily cut off by Xiao Yan, but on the iron chain, a trace of extremely strange demonic energy spread out. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's tyrannical flames, he might not be able to match this kind of power.

"Hahaha, boy, there will be a period in the future!" The chain was just broken, and the bound man sneered, turned into a meteor, and burst out. The speed and the strangeness of the movement were the first times Xiao Yan had seen in his life!

"Stop for me!" Xiao Yan was also a little stunned by this sudden scene, but with his seven-star fighting spirit, he couldn't catch up with this five-star fighting fairy.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the man in **** just broke free and fled here with a touch of strange power, only Xiao Yan was left.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. After scanning the wooden house for something else, he confirmed that the fragments of the demon book really existed, and then he left slowly. As for the turtle-shaped monster outside, Xiao Yan didn't either. Planning to obliterate him, easily crossed the water cliff, and moved towards Die Qi and the others.

However, facing this mysterious man and the fragment of the demon book, Xiao Yan felt that this guy was giving it to him on purpose, as if he had been tricked.

"Why hasn't Xiao Yan come back yet? Could it be that something happened on the way?"

"It is said that there are some other tyrannical monsters living in the water cliff, shouldn't it?" At this time, the caravan and supplies were temporarily hoarded on a hill, and the caravan captain He Lei watched the towering intrusion not far away. Cloud's water stream cliff, puzzled.

"It shouldn't be, wait and see." Die Qi slowly shook his head, Xiao Yan just wiped out the third elder Xuanyi with one blow, that level of strength is suffocating, and it should not be delayed by other creatures.

"Hey, everyone has been waiting for a long time, and got lost in the water cliff."

"Has the matter been resolved?" Xiao Yan's figure emerged like a ghost, and his eyes glanced away at the bound people around him.

"It's all settled. This time, I would like to thank Brother Xiao Yan."

"If the brothers don't dislike it, please come to our Butterfly Valley to sit. The strong people in the valley will definitely be very happy to meet a young talent like Brother Xiao Yan." He Lei smiled slowly.

"I really mean it, I hope it won't bother you anymore." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, but did not shirk, and followed He Lei's words.

"In that case, let's go, we should be able to reach the Butterfly Valley today." Die Qi looked at Xiao Yan and smiled with relief.

"By the way, this is the demon pill of the third elder Xuanyi. Since he was killed by you, the things will naturally belong to you." After a while, a green pill emerged from Die Qi's pink and tender hands, facing Xiao Yan. Throw away.

"This..." Xiao Yan did not accept it for a while, but it was mainly because Xiao Yan didn't know what use this demon pill was for him.

Ordinary monsters can rely on the enemy's demon pill to replenish themselves and repair their origins, but their human body...

"Just accept it This is what you deserve." Seeing this, the other caravan figures also agreed.

"Then I'll be more respectful than obedient." Xiao Yan shook his head and could only take it.

"Weng buzzing!" Just as the demon pill started, something deeply hidden in Xiao Yan's body burst out with a dazzling aura of greed. Immediately, without waiting for Xiao Yan to put the demon pill in place, he directly attacked with thunder. It was as terrifying as an evil spirit rushing towards food.

"..." When Xiao Yan saw this, countless crows flew through his heart, because the demon pill had not been warmed up in his hands, even the scum that was swallowed by the demon cube was not left.

At the same time, the interior of the Devil's Cube was also filled up a little, and now it is also filled with 6% of the area.

"Are you alright?" When Xiao Yan's demon cube was rioting in his body just now, a terrifying coercion of energy permeated out of Xiao Yan's body, causing a rare shock to fill the hearts of everyone in the group. After a while, Die Qi said with concern.

"It's alright, let's go." Xiao Yan hurriedly covered the topic, and immediately the group crossed the plain hills and headed towards the Butterfly Valley standing in a mountain basin.