Chapter Vol 4 1900: The ambition of the evil-eyed demon king?

"Demon... Demon Emperor's tomb?" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, thousands of elites behind him, nine demon generals including Tianhu Yaoshuai, at this time the demon eyes slowly shrank, and he said in horror.

Demon Emperor, this is the real powerhouse in the demon world!

The former master of the demon world, the demon emperor Tianhen, in addition to this, are the three powerful men under him, the black evil dragon wolf, the Tianxiong tyrant, and the white bone evil king.

And this so-called demon emperor, the strength may only be in the early stage of the eight-star fighting immortal, and it is not comparable to the three powerhouses, but this guy likes to collect many treasures in the demon world, just like a collector. In addition, he is still a A guy with great fighting power.

There have been rumors that this guy used to be loyal to the demon emperor. With his strength in the early stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, he could deal with a white king among the foreign evil races without falling behind. This is also the only thing that helped the demon emperor resist the foreign evil races The hero, although he finally fell on the Red King, but also because of his illustrious military exploits, he built his posthumous palace in the ancient battlefield. for circulation.

"It's actually the tomb of the demon emperor?" After Shun breathed, the eyes of many demon beasts were filled with uncontrollable fiery. The word demon emperor can be said to be a symbol of great glory and strength. If they can Entering it, the strength will naturally be greatly improved.

"Although there are many opportunities for treasures in the tomb of the Demon Emperor, the danger should not be underestimated. In addition to the existence of the evil-eyed demon group..."

"But I'm not afraid of everyone's jokes, the evil-eyed demon king, don't take it seriously."

"I don't know what happened to everyone?" Xiao Yan said softly, with a rare smile in his voice.

Today's Xiao Yan is not just talking vernacular. After all, the mid-term power of the evil-eyed, demon, and eight-star fighting immortals cannot pose a real fatal threat to Xiao Yan today.

"Wait, I am willing to swear to the death to pursue Lord Xiao Yan, Yaoshuai!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and a group of monsters spoke in unison, with a mighty force, like a thunder that was enough to shatter the nine heavens.

"If that's the case, let's go!"

"I will distribute the notes on the way."

"If there is someone who disobeys the order, kill without mercy!" Hearing such a sonorous and powerful voice, Xiao Yan responded with the same high-pitched voice.

"Let's go!" For a time, this team was also united by General Xiao Yan's heart, and with the information Xiao Yan had stolen from the Scale Demon Army, they cleverly avoided many dangerous places along the way, and made the fastest way. The speed went towards the tomb of the demon emperor.

In the Tianyuan battlefield, deep.

This is a rather turbid sky. There are countless dark auras in the sky, like the magic marks that erode all things, sweeping the whole world, and the land below is also full of boundless darkness, that kind of darkness seems to It is the erosion of evil power from countless years, which is extremely deep.

At this time, on a rock, a human man stood quietly here. He was quite tame, like a gentle and elegant scholar, but his eyes were extremely strange, as if they contained all things, shocking people. , it is unbearable to look at.

"Lord Monster King, the evil-eyed monster group has found the entrance to the tomb." After a while, a human-like monster with rabbit ears on its head flashed like a ghost.

"Well... let's go."

"Let's meet the so-called Demon Emperor's tomb." The evil eye king's eyes were calm, but he was full of a smile.

"There are some problems at the entrance... and my lord, the demon commanders of the other three legions seem to have a lot of complaints about your actions. Let us devour the tomb of the demon emperor alone, aren't we?" The rabbit-eared general asked in a low voice, yes There is a trace of worry, after all, the power of the three major legions is the indispensable power of the evil-eyed demon king.

"Don't worry, this Demon Emperor's tomb is just a bluff, I hope to catch a big fish." After the evil eye king finished speaking, his body shook, the void in front of him shattered and opened, and he suddenly walked towards the Demon Emperor's tomb. The power that emerges from the body must be the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal!

For a day, Xiao Yan and the others hurried non-stop, but to Xiao Yan's surprise, they did not encounter any emergencies along the way, and even nearly found out with the three major armies of the evil-eyed demon king several times. As a result, the battle was broken, and it seemed to be ignored by him, as if the three major legions were planning something.

Therefore, the team ruled by Xiao Yan reached the depths of the Tianyuan battlefield quite smoothly, which made Xiao Yan always have an illusion in his heart.

"Isn't it going too well... and the Scale Commander of the Scale Demon Legion was only trying to test me. I hope I think too much." Xiao Yan murmured as soon as he came to the depths, and tightly clasped the darkness with his palm. The imprint of the underworld priest, if the matter is really beyond his control, I am afraid that he can only do his best... Although Xiao Yan does not want to use the power of the dark underworld priest, or even the devil.

In the depths of the Tianyuan battlefield, the turbid air here is like a thick liquid that makes people disgusted, and even countless corpses and some broken weapons set off the word battlefield vividly.

"Sir, there are traces of the evil-eyed demon group here." Tianhu Yaoshuai carefully observed the surrounding soil, and slowly saw traces of twisted traces, and there was a trace of the exclusive evil-eyed demon group on it.

The evil-eyed monster group is said to be a group of special monsters who practice eye skills. There are about a thousand of them. They are all in the same form, and their combat power may not be outstanding. I am afraid it is enough to be the most terrifying power under the command of the seven demon kings.

"The entrance to the tomb of the Demon Emperor should be here. It seems that they have already taken the lead." Xiao Yan came to a barren land and looked at the purple prohibition incantations around the ground and a touch of about tens of meters. In the size of the cave, the palm of the hand lightly sticks a trace of purple soil. After confirming that it is correct, he directly swept the dirty soil away.

Immediately, a strange purple cave appeared in the mud beneath everyone's feet.

In the purple cave, there is a monstrous demon aura that is extremely domineering. This power completely isolates the surrounding evil power. I am afraid this is the power of the demon emperor.

"Send half of the force to stay here, and the other strong people will enter with me."

"It's all voluntary. We will bring back the blood essence from the ruins. Compared with fighting, guarding is also a task that should not be underestimated." Xiao Yan said in the mouth.

"I!"

"I'll keep it!" Before Xiao Yan finished speaking, more than half of the powerhouses said.

"Xuanyuan, you take them to guard here."

"This is a trace of space formation. If the situation changes, it can shrink for a period of time." Xiao Yan said contentedly, and after breathing well, he engraved a trace of the space shuttle handprint on the scroll and gave it to Xuanyuan.

"My subordinates take orders!" Xuan Yuan took the space scroll and nodded. He naturally understood Xiao Yan's concerns.

"Let's go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he led the remaining 500 people into the purple cave and poured into it.

At this moment, the tomb of the Demon King was also completely opened. Of course, at the same time, the three legions of the Demon King of Evil Eyes, whether intentionally or unintentionally, slowly approached here.

If it was unintentional, it would be fine, just wandering aimlessly, but if it had been planned long ago, I am afraid that the five hundred people led by Xuan Yuan would not be able to resist them.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: