Chapter Vol 4 1555: Make things difficult!

"Two adults, please come here."

"This is the only way to enter our Ten Thousand Fire Sect." After a while, with the shock of Xiao Yan and the two of them, the cliff guard suddenly became very calm and respectfully smiled at Xiao Yan.

As soon as the voice fell, the palm of the cliff guard suddenly squirmed, and a trace of green flames emerged, and immediately surrounded the edge of the huge cliff in front of him, a blue light gate slowly appeared.

"By the way, how is the management strength of your Myriad Fire Sect?" After a while, Xiao Yan, who had not yet stepped into the Gate of Light, suddenly asked.

Since their Myriad Fire Sect has such a big opinion on the two of them, they must understand it first so that they can make corresponding countermeasures.

"Reporting to my lord, there are five four-star fighting immortals in our Myriad Fire Sect." The cliff guard said respectfully.

"Five four-star fighting immortals?" Xiao Yan heard this and couldn't help taking a deep breath. These four-star fighting immortals, on the continent below, are considered to be the top powerhouses, and there are so many here. The difference between face and boundary.

"Five four-star fighting immortals, three of which are in the early stage of four-star fighting immortals, and one is a half-step four-star fighting immortal."

"As for the sect master, his name is Huo Yi, he is a strong man in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian. Our Ten Thousand Fire Sect also has the existence of the sect master, so its status is also considered to be in the middle reaches of the Central Territory." Dao Lai, after all, there is no way, the two guys in front of them are too strong, although their strength level is not high, but they are not able to deal with it at all.

"Huo Yi...is it in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal?" Xiao Gui nodded secretly when he heard the words. Even though he was only a complete Three-Star Fighting Immortal today, he was not too conceited in the face of some ordinary four-star Fighting Immortal early stage powerhouses.

"Including the sect master, a total of three four-star fighting immortals guard the sect, and the other two strong ones are responsible for guarding our other territories." The cliff guard said at Du Du.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan was obviously not interested in other powerhouses, so he stepped directly into the gate of light and walked towards the mansion on the top of the cliff.

"It's really mysterious that this thing can go up and down." Just after passing through the blue light gate, Xiao Yan suddenly realized that several of them were already in the special space inside the cliff, and the light group under their feet slowly squirmed, it turned out to be Constantly taking off.

At this time, in the mansion on the top of the cliff.

"Sect Master, a guard just reported that the cliff guard seems to have been defeated."

"And the passages in the cliffs are also from strong people." In the hall of Wanhuo Sect, the two elders of Huoyun and Sect Master Huoyi stand here. In addition, there are two other people. Huo Lao and a son of Huo Yi, Huo Liuxin, who took away his proud and unpleasant breath.

"Elder, those two guys are probably the disciples who sent me to manage our sect this time."

"They were late for a whole month, and they injured our cliff guards. When I see them, I will definitely ask for an explanation." Anger filled Huo Liuxin's eyebrows. It was obvious that Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan were late. Yue has offended the entire Myriad Fire Sect over and over again.

"Xin'er, don't be rude, I'll see them in a while, you should have a lot of etiquette, remember it for me." Huo Yi snorted coldly.

"Father!" Huo Liuxin shouted immediately after hearing the words.

"There should be no less etiquette, but if these two young boys try to intervene in the management of our Wanhuo Sect, then this sect master will be the first to refuse." Seeing the frowns of the surrounding people, Huo Yi suddenly stood up, snorted coldly.

"Sect Master is wise!"

"Since the Lingyuan sent two stinky stinky boys to prevaricate us, then let's prevaricate and go back." Huo Lao, who was beside him, said with a smile.

"Father Shengming." Huo Liuxin couldn't help laughing. If the two of them didn't manage the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, they wouldn't bother to care if they were too lazy to do it. After all, the two of them were also disciples of the Spiritual Academy.

"But Sect Master, these two fellows were personally assigned by the headmaster of the old ghost, the strength and prestige of the headmaster of the earth spirit, are among the best in the entire spiritual academy, and since he took the head, this is still the first Second-name assignment, I'm worried that we will be self-defeating..." Huoyun, who was sitting on the seat, shook his head. Obviously, as the first elder, he has a wide range of thinking.

"Elder, you have too many worries."

"We're just waiting here, we don't have to go out to meet them." Huo Yi didn't take it seriously, and the four of them stood quietly in the hall.

"I hope I won't offend anyone." The elder also shook his head secretly. Obviously, the strength of these two guys, as well as the old ghost, made him confused for a while.

"Two adults, here we are."

"This is the mansion of our Ten Thousand Fire Sect." After a short while, the three of Xiao Yan left the cliff and came to the mansion at the top of the cliff.

"A very stylish mansion."

"And looking at this level, I am afraid that the background of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect is quite good." Xiao Yan simply glanced at the huge mansion in front of him, and said.

The mansion in front of him is a huge manor. In the manor, there are training grounds and various venues. Hundreds of houses decorate the entire manor. I am afraid that the area is also close to a kilometer, which is quite majestic.

"Where is Sect Master Huo now?"

"Please let me know that the disciples of the Spiritual Academy will come to cooperate with the teaching." After a while, Xiao Gui said seriously to the cliff guard beside him. Obviously, when he arrived at the Mansion of Ten Thousand Fire Sect, he naturally showed some courage.

"The two adults wait a moment, the little one will go to inform." After the cliff guard finished speaking, he stepped into the manor and walked towards the hall of the manor. Seeing this, he went to look for the suzerain.

A quarter of an hour……

Two quarters of an hour...

The two of Xiao Yan didn't move, they just waited in place. This time, it was half a day's shade.

"You...how can you do this?"

"Those two guys were sent by the Spiritual Academy If something happens, you guys..." The cliff guard came out of the hall and was immediately stopped by the guards, who told him not to enter it. , can only let Xiao Yan and the two come by themselves.

At that time, he couldn't help but scolded. After fighting against Xiao Gui, he also understood that the strength of these two people was hidden, and it was not as simple as it appeared on the surface.

"The sovereign has an order. Since they have pigeonholed us for a few months, we are also treating them in the way of others. We will pigeon them for a while and then talk about it." For the Myriad Huo Sect, they didn't help much, and they were late for a long time, so naturally they were quite complaining.

"You guys, you will regret doing this." The cliff watcher obviously didn't know the decision of the Wanhuo Sect's top management, so he could only shake his head slowly. The next moment, he was also restricted from moving by the guards, so he could only wait in place.

"Brother, is this guy playing tricks on us?" Seeing that there were still people coming and going in the manor, but no one came out to receive them, Xiao Gui suddenly wondered.

"It's not his problem, it's the decision of the senior management of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, follow me closely, and remember to beat me hard later."

"Let's go." Xiao Yan's huge soul power also detected the scene just now, and immediately without hesitation, he took Xiao Gui and stepped into the manor, and went straight to the hall of the manor, but the corner of his mouth was full of A smile, on top of the smile, there is actually a terrifying power that is frightening!