Chapter Vol 4 2196: Elf island, purple flames!

"Creak!"

Three fierce attacks hit Xiao Yan's body in an instant, but it was not as terrifying as he imagined.

"Gulu... how is that possible?"

"What kind of power is that?"

The three elf men stared dully at the figure entrenched in the sky. At this time, Xiao Yan was not only filled with gray thunder, but even more, a trace of extremely ancient cyan dragon scales emerged, The power has increased to the limit!

Dragon Transformation, the Scale of Dominance!

Under this fleeting terrifying defense, the three's attack was as weak as a tickling!

"Don't waste my time!"

Xiao Yan waved his big hand, and the figure of Long Hua was withdrawn. The arm surrounded by thunder protruded toward the three of them at the same time, and the extremely fierce thunder snakes filed out.

"Wong buzzing!"

Three silver thunder dragons, crawling and meandering, wrapped around the three elf men almost in the blink of an eye, bursting with earth-shattering terrifying sounds, restricting their ability to exert their power and escape plans.

"go!"

Seeing that Lei Si beast was completely absorbed by Xiao Yan, and the three of them were all attacked by Xiao Yan, a cold light appeared on the face of the red-robed man, and a cold voice emerged.

Although the strength of this human being is weak, once he fights with him, the fighting power that erupts from his seemingly weak body, even he is helpless as a reincarnation rank.

"This matter must be reported to Her Royal Highness Princess Alice as soon as possible!"

"Withdraw!"

The red-robed man's voice fell, and without any hesitation, they instantly turned into three beams of light, breaking through the weak point of the formation space, and the speed was as fast as lightning, making it impossible to prevent.

"The three of you are so anxious... Where are you planning to go?"

However, before the three of them broke through the space of the formation, a void began to wriggle. Xiao Yan walked out of it leisurely, smiling and looking at the three people beside him. The terrifying gray thunderbolt on his body was beating slightly, releasing an appalling and terrifying power.

"Human, if you move..."

"Stop talking nonsense!"

After some tossing, Xiao Yan directly knocked the three guys unconscious, and the gray thunder formed a chain to bind them firmly.

"The thunder-type bucket core has absorbed the power of Lei Si beast, and it seems to be more and more dazzling."

"The strength of the battle formation master also needs to collect the divine inscriptions."

"Go and gather with them first, I hope Xiao Yi is all right."

After speaking, the formation space was cancelled, and Xiao Yan led the three of them to the rear. He simply had the formation space to block, otherwise such a big battle movement would definitely disturb other powerhouses.

"Master Xiao Yan!"

When Jiuxin watched Xiao Yan walk over with three dazed and charming figures, he felt astonished.

"Although the combined power of these three guys is terrifying, it can't make waves in my hands."

Xiao Yan casually threw them at the two of them. These were all internal disputes among the elves. Unless absolutely necessary, Xiao Yan would not kill them.

Although these three guys are in a coma, their strength is extremely strange. The extreme fire attributes of the three people will mutate after the union, and they can summon the thunder-type creature Lei Si beast. In the first battle, it was a pity to meet Xiao Yan.

The gray thunder on Xiao Yan's body is the power of the Thunder Lord. Even if the power of the Thunder Lord is the slightest source, it is by no means comparable to this kind of reincarnation.

"Master Xiao Yan's divine might is truly extraordinary!"

It was confirmed that the three of them were okay, but they were temporarily unconscious because of the enormous power, Xi Mo said with a smile.

"Stop gossiping."

"I came here this time for Xiao Yi, so what is Xiao Yi's current situation?"

Xiao Yan came to Xi Mo's side and stared at this so-called elf man who was guarded by Xiao Yi.

This guy is no different from an ordinary elf man, with pointed ears and a slightly long nose, but with scars on his body, he obviously experienced a terrifying battle.

"Sir, it's the truth."

"The situation of our southern tribes is probably precarious now."

"Princess Alice of the Western Tribe integrated their entire tribe and tried to catch me all at once. The three in front of them are among the best in the Western Tribe, the three Lei Ling Envoys."

"The three of them together can fight against the first-level reincarnation powerhouse."

"Our southern tribe's top battles only have two elders, one of the first-level and the other of the reincarnation. In addition, the eight-star fighting immortals are like me."

"In the past few days, there have been many strong elves from the western tribe suddenly appearing on the edge of our tribe. Mr. Yi scattered the tribe's power and tried to trace the trail, but he was caught by the tricks of the western tribe."

Xi Mo shook his head slightly, and there was a hint of remorse in his voice. After all, he was only a complete Eight Star Fighting Immortal, so it was not easy to hold the three of them.

"Is Xiao Yi okay?"

Xiao Yan's heart agitated, but he still asked in a deep voice.

"Sir Xiaoyi and the two reincarnation-level elders are sitting in the tribe, and I will take the adults there."

"I heard that Mr. Xiao Yi mentioned you a long time ago. When I saw you today, it was really extraordinary."

Xi Mo grinned and said, Xiao Yan is weak, but after defeating Lei Ling's three envoys, no one dares to underestimate him now.

"Whoa!"

Suddenly, when the three of them were about to move, in the distant sky, an unusually harsh humming sound came out like a crisp eagle cry.

"what happened?"

Xiao Yan noticed that when this humming sound came out, the expressions of Jiuxin and Ximo in front of him appeared dignified.

"This is our tribe's rallying signal!"

"I'm afraid someone is coming!"

"Master Xiao Yan, please follow me!"

Xi Mo didn't care about anything else, his body surging, turned into a meteor, and swept away in the direction of their tribe.

"Lei Ling's three envoys are handed over to you."

"I'll take Aisha!"

"go!"

Xiao Yan took Aisha, and under the leadership of Xi Mo, they went to the southern land. No matter who it was, if it was bad for Xiao Yi, he would be the first to refuse!

In the huge space of the sea of ​​​​the sky, the area is vast, the colors are colorful, and it is as beautiful as a fairyland on earth, with fairy spirit lingering.

At this time, near the southernmost prosperous land of the Sea of ​​Heaven, the air here is filled with an unprecedented smell of gunpowder and war, which makes people feel refreshed.

"Boom!"

Above the war-torn space, elven figures of different shapes are fighting tirelessly, and in the center of the distance, an extremely large island isolates all power, but at this time, the situation inside does not seem to be very good. .

In the huge island, the energy is so suffocating that it is like a viscous liquid Now inside here, violent energy fluctuations are transmitted, accompanied by an extremely fierce shock wave, overwhelming the sky and the earth. ravages this elf island.

"For the tribe!"

"For Lord Xiao Yi!"

"Come on!"

"Kill all the enemies who invade our tribe!"

In the island, blood light continued to emerge, and the roar was incessant, but it still could not change the situation of defeat.

"My lord, the combatants of the southern tribe are now all captured, and there are only less than a hundred people left to resist, including the two Samsara elders and Lord Xiao Yi, all of them have shrunk in the elf island."

"We tried to suppress the elf island with absolute power to capture Mr. Yi, but we were bombarded by some kind of extremely ancient flame."

"That kind of power seems to be the power of flames remaining in the reincarnation mark on Mr. Yi's body."

On the ground deep in the smooth and smooth forest, a team of only ten people appeared here, but in this team of only ten people, the weakest people were all in the late stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals?

Even for the first three old men, the looming fluctuations emanating from their bodies are extremely terrifying...

That kind of power is reincarnation!

Three reincarnations!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: