Chapter Vol 4 1467: Arrive in time!

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, in Duong Qifei's body, terrifying silver-gray thunders suddenly surged out.

When the power of thunder was skyrocketing, countless evil black mists all over the body shook and fled, as if they were afraid of the fluctuation of the tyrannical power in the gray thunder.

"This kind of thunder power, but something is not right." Mu Xi on the side easily entangled Liu Qing, watching the battle between Duo Qifei and the two, he spoke slowly, out of intuition and perception of danger, Duo Qifei The power of thunder on his body made him feel uneasy, which made Mu Xi quite strange. After all, Duo Qifei was only in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal at best, and even the power of the Great Heavenly Seed was not enough to make him feel afraid. .

"Pretend to be a ghost!"

"When I arrest you, I must have you taste what it is like to live rather than die!"

"Hahaha!" Although the black-robed man also noticed the extremely mysterious gray thunderbolt on Duo Qifei's body, he didn't take it seriously. The ferocious fire dragon that controlled his body roared away at Duo Qifei. The huge gap between them cannot be filled by these things!

"Thunder……"

"Thunder Binding Immortal Lock!" In an instant, a rare trace of paleness appeared on Duo Qifei's pretty face, and then her delicate body suddenly flew into the air, and the dazzling gray thunder and silver thunder were constantly intertwined, and finally formed a gray and silver in front of him. Thunder shackles made of thunder!

Among the silver-gray thunder shackles, there are traces of shocking hidden lines. These lines are looming, but they have the terrifying power of imprisoning all things.

"The flaming dragon, give it to me!" The black-robed man snorted coldly, and the flames around his body suddenly became more dazzling. With an order, the fiery dragon went out to sea like a dragon, with an unrivaled aura, and suddenly faced Duo Qi in the air. Fei left.

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Mu Ge snorted coldly, trying to confront another person's block to meet Duo Qifei, but was entangled by him.

"Your opponent is me..." The other man in black sneered, and immediately started fighting in Zaidu.

"Boom!" The ferocious flame dragon's body was straight, and it drove straight from the ground to the sky, while Du Qifei's pale face was controlling the silver-gray thunder shackles, and a trace of weakness appeared in the beautiful eyes, and the jade hand suddenly faced the ferocious fire dragon. A vicious squeeze.

"Crash!" Du Qifei gave the order, and immediately the silver-gray shackles seemed to have spirituality, and within a few breaths, the black-robed man's ferocious fire dragon was easily entangled completely, making him unable to move.

"Samsung Dou Xian is really strong in the early stage... But don't underestimate me too much!"

"I'm a disciple of the Western Continent Fire Lion Sect!"

"Flame ripples, burst me!" The next moment, the man in black robe looked at the ferocious fire dragon that was entangled and fell into the wind, but a strange smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Damn...it's not good!" Duo Qifei was already injured because he covered the retreat of the large army before, and now he is forcibly urging Samsara to attack the enemy. His face was pale and his breath was floating. When the voice of the man in black robe fell. , the beautiful eyes shrank tightly, and a touch of danger poured into my heart.

"Little beauty, it's over!" The man in black robe's maddening smile sounded like a demon, so the ferocious fire dragon wrapped in silver-gray thunder shackles suddenly swelled and then contracted.

"Crash!" Pieces of hot flame ripples spread out from the sky abruptly, and Duo Qifei was very close to the center of the explosion. With this level of explosion fluctuations, I'm afraid I won't die... but also seriously injured!

"Sister Fei'er!" A few hurried voices suddenly came from all directions, so Liu Qing and Mu Ge's offensive became fierce, and even the sisters of Yun Qiyu's family below had a big change in their breath and hurriedly shot.

"Next time... don't do such a dangerous thing." The next moment, the scorching fire dragon's body swelled, and the hot flame ripples just spread. At the same time, Duan Qifeiyu slowly stroked the hidden lines between his eyebrows, as if to release his power to solve the predicament, but was stopped by a huge palm. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"In this situation, there must be someone to stand up." Duo Qifei felt the familiar aura, and immediately stopped the practice of releasing the power of reincarnation, but at this time, his aura was weak, and he was falling in free fall. After a while, he was caught by a strong arm and hugged into his arms, and his beautiful eyes closed slightly, and Bei's lips slowly opened his mouth and said, with a warm heart in his heart.

"With me here, use that thing sparingly." The mysterious figure hugging Du Qifei passed through his body, and a trace of gentle power continued to pour into Du Qifei's body. At that time, he opened his mouth slowly, and there was a hint in his voice. Shares of unquestionable majesty.

"En." Duo Qifei nodded slowly when he heard the words. For some reason, with this guy's existence, everything around him seemed to be quiet.

"Go on, these guys, I will let them go back and forth." After a few breaths, the two suddenly came to the ground, and the mysterious figure slowly put Du Qifei down.

"They are very strong, in the late stage of Samsung Dou Xian."

"And it's from the Fire Lion Sect on the Western Continent." Duo Qifei's weak condition recovered a lot, and he was immediately vigilant.

"Don't worry, the people who beat us in Dongzhou let alone the late Samsung Fighting Immortals, even the guys above Beizhou can't run away." Suddenly, a figure with a heavy ruler on his back , accompanied by a burst of arrogant voice suddenly appeared in the sight of everyone.

"Xiao Yan... You are finally here." The next moment, Mu Xi, who was entangled with Liu Qing, saw this, but his eyes became hideous!

If Xiao Yan hadn't snatched the combination of human and ghost from himself, how could he be blamed by the strong in the pavilion?

All of this is because of Xiao Yan! The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

Now that he is carrying the treasure of the pavilion, this Xiao Yan has no objection and cannot escape!

"Xiao Yan?" Seeing this, everyone below Liu Qing also left their opponents and gathered.

"Just look at it, don't do it."

"Xiao Gui, you are responsible for vigilance." Xiao Yan casually glanced at him, and found that the three people in front of him were all three-star fighting immortal late stage strengths, but he smiled slowly.

"En." Xiao Gui heard the words and nodded slowly, but everyone didn't know when this Xiao Gui appeared behind them unknowingly.

"You brazen boy, be careful of capsize in the gutter!" The two figures in black robes stopped attacking at the same time, came to Mu Xi's side, and snorted coldly.

"The two of you go first, and I'll warn you against other powerhouses." The next moment, Mu Xi smiled gloomily.

"Mu Xi, don't forget the reward you promised us!" The two figures in black robes didn't think much and laughed.

"Don't worry, after this is done, I won't be able to treat you badly." At the same time, Mu Xi also laughed.

This Xiao Yan is by no means an ordinary person, but the two men in black robes are also strong in the Fire Lion Sect. It is also very good for them to spend some time on Xiao Yan's strength. , Mu Xi felt more or less worthless.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Mobile version reading website: