Chapter Vol 4 1660: Anti-General 1 Army!

"This guy, I can't see that there is a second chance." Seeing Xiao Yan's constant battle with Tian Feng not far away, You Er was also completely relieved.

Being able to use the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian and the half-step five-star Dou Xian powerhouse to draw a tie, this kind of record, even if it is placed in the entire Li Soul Realm, is enough to be called a true genius.

"The soul courtyard is quiet..." Xuan Yuan's eyes were indifferent, he didn't make a rash move, and muttered slightly.

"Your Xuantian Hall, as the shelter of the five major courtyards, is so blatant... You really are not small." You Er also snorted coldly, and a terrifying offensive permeated.

"The purpose of what we did, how could you understand... So..."

"Suffer to death!" As soon as the words fell, the dazzling offensive of the two was directly displayed, and then the battle between You Er and Xuan Yuan started directly, and the two's offensive was extremely violent.

"The power on this guy is really tyrannical and strange."

"It can't be delayed." Xiao Yan and Tian Feng's battle, although Xiao Yan was evenly matched from the beginning, but with the passage of time, the gap between the strengths has been reflected, and now it has been at the disadvantage, but Xiao Yan did not use swallowing. Yanju, just wanted to rely on the power of the Dragon God Transformation and wanted to compete with this guy, now it seems, so it is still too reluctant.

"Let me fall here!" Tian Feng also found that although Xiao Yan's combat power was extremely terrifying, his own strength was too weak, so Xiao Yan's fall was only a matter of time.

"haha, really?"

"Swallowing the flames!" After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes became sharp, and waves of strange power surged from the deepest part of his body. Immediately, the red cauldron in front of his chest flashed away. At the same time, Xiao Yan's strength It also suddenly soared, directly from the mid-level of the four-star Dou Xian, to the half-step five-star Dou Xian level in an instant. Although this kind of skyrocketing strength with the help of external forces is quite different from the half-step five-star Dou Xian that Tian Feng really cultivated, but with Xiao Yan The various advantages of the martial arts and fighting skills on the body are enough to be easily wiped out.

"Secret method to increase strength in a short period of time?"

"Half-step Five-Star Fighting Immortals?" Tian Feng, who had already won the lottery, frowned, and immediately said, even a trace of greed emerged from the bottom of his heart.

The secret technique of increasing his strength in a short period of time is only a little bit at best. Tian Feng is still quite enthusiastic about Xiao Yan's mysterious fighting skills that directly increase his strength by nearly three stars.

"Seventh layer of breaking the sky!" Xiao Yan's strength soared after the swallowing of flames. He immediately sneered, and immediately pulled the heavy ruler from behind and slashed it away. In a short period of time, seven flaming giant rulers in a row directly turned into seven flames. Struggling with the giant snake, go away.

"Susu!" At this moment, Tian Feng's face also became serious, no matter what, the current Xiao Yan really has the capital to confront him head-on.

"Since you have performed such a trick, in return, let you see what a real ghost in the ghost world is!"

"Hahaha!" A burst of dazzling ghost qi burst out directly from Tian Feng's body, completely covering the ice surface.

"This guy... what is he doing?" Xiao Yan was enveloped in incomparably hot red flames, and his eyes were fixed on Tian Feng.

"Ghost spirit devil wolf!" After a while, in the dark ghost aura that covered the sun, a behemoth emerged, like a demon crawling out of the depths of hell, the breath and strength of that kind of breath became dignified stand up.

"Boom!" With a sound, a giant demonic wolf with strong limbs crawled out of it!

The devil wolf was enveloped in dark ghost aura, and it looked extremely strong. Even on its limbs, some faint worm-like lines permeated quietly, and the existence of these lines made the devil wolf aura and strength. The overlord of the previous party!

"Tear him apart for me!" It seemed that Tian Feng had consumed a lot of power to summon this guy, and he immediately roared at the behemoth.

"Hoohoho!" The demon wolf nodded knowingly when he heard the words, and then his head just stared at Xiao Yan, and the boundless ghostly aura slowly shook.

"It's comparable to the creatures in the early stage of human beings' Five-Star Fighting Immortals..."

"Then let's take a look!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan not only had no fear in his heart, but even had a trace of luck.

"Shabu Shabu!" After the blink of an eye, the demonic wolf moved, and under the cover of the ghostly energy above the ice layer, the figure shot directly at Xiao Yan. In the void, even because the demonic wolf was too fast, there was a Illusory shattering.

"Bang bang bang!" Between the electric light and flint, the devil wolf came directly to Xiao Yan's side for dozens of meters, his front claws suddenly lifted, entangled in countless ghost qi, and immediately slapped Xiao Yan with his claws!

"Move the Sky Ruler!" The ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire Eternal Fire in Xiao Yan's hand changed into a mysterious pattern, and immediately moved his attack to the past.

"Boom!" On the edge of their battle, ghost energy claws emerged, but the seemingly solid layer of ice was pierced by anger.

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" Seeing this appearance, Xiao Yan said with a smile on his lips, the burning art in his body was running at a high speed, and the power of the Great Celestial Seed Feiyan flew away like spring water, and immediately completely wrapped all the ghost energy, even the inside of the body. The power of Huoxin Tianyan also emerged!

At the same time, the ghost qi that covered the sun was actually enveloped by Xiao Yan's sea of ​​fire, giving off a hint of fear.

"It seems that you ghost seems to be afraid of my flames." Seeing such a dramatic scene, Xiao Yan smiled slowly. The khaki flames slowly lingered, and even at the moment when these two flames appeared, the face of Tian Feng, who had always been calm, became ugly.

"Holy... the power of holy flame." The short words contained an unbelievable look. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

The original inhabitants of the ghost world are all ghosts, souls, and souls. The restraint of flames on them can be described as a real purgatory.

"not good!"

"Ghost spirit devil wolf Come back soon!" Looking at such a hot sea of ​​fire, the fiery red power instantly turned into a khaki flame, Tian Feng's pressure increased greatly, and he hurriedly burst at the devil wolf beside him. drink. starter

This devil wolf is a creature transformed by the ghost energy in his body. If the devil wolf is damaged, I am afraid that his origin will also be shaken.

"late!"

"Fire!"

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!"

"Break me!" Seeing Tian Feng's appearance, Xiao Yan raised his palm directly, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire was wrapped in the power of the khaki holy flame and flew towards him to prevent him from escaping. On the other side, countless flames in the sea of ​​fire Suddenly gathered towards the devil wolf, an extremely tyrannical suppression swept out.

"Boom!" The speed of the devil wolf was extremely fast, but in Xiao Yan's sea of ​​​​fire, it was difficult to move, even if it tried to escape, it was chased away by Xiao Yan for a while.

"Bang bang bang!" The sea of ​​flames condensed directly around the demonic wolf, and letting the demonic wolf struggle and how the ghost roared would not help.

After a while, countless flames were compressed around the devil wolf, and then Xiao Yan gave an order, the flames attached to the devil wolf's body, and the extremely terrifying flame actually drove away all the countless ghosts on the devil wolf's body, even the devil's skin. It was also directly blown away.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the body of the Demon Wolf was completely crushed by Xiao Yanyan's Heaven Shattering Burial, and the Ice Palace was restored to its original cold appearance. However, Tian Feng's face was pale, and the dim light from his mouth overflowed from the corner of his mouth. Xiao Yan's actions seriously injured him completely.