Chapter 125: To **** Qingyuan?

Looking at Qing Yuan flying down from the sky, Xiao Yan breathed a sigh of relief at the same time. After all, this solid foundation training pill succeeded. He stretched out his hand and wanted to take Qing Yuan over.

In the calm mid-air, the accident suddenly rose!

"Boom!"

When Xiao Yan stretched out his palm, a crisp voice suddenly sounded from his side, and the hard emerald stone bed beside Xiao Yan suddenly burst open.

Countless tiny green powders rose from the river, and then entangled each other like lightning. In the blink of an eye, they formed an extremely sharp sword tip and attacked Xiao Yan.

"Be careful!" The Golden Dragon King also returned to Xiao Yan's ring at the moment when the voice appeared. After all, he was only in the state of his soul. When he didn't know his opponent, the Golden Dragon King would not make a rash move, because there were still some things to wait for. Follow the Golden Dragon King to do it, so he can't have an accident.

The sudden change made Qing Yuan in mid-air, including Xiao Yan, stunned for a moment.

"Qing Yuan, don't come here, protect yourself!" Xiao Yan also shouted loudly, although he just heard the voice of the mysterious person, and now there is a mysterious shot, even if all the soul power of the emperor's ordinary level is scattered, but there is no Find the hiding place of the mysterious man.

"Hmm, okay." Although Qing Yuan didn't know what was going on, the invisible aura on Xiao Yan's body always made her feel very kind, so she stayed quietly in the air.

Then she glanced at her beautiful eyes, and saw the colorful sapling-like flower in front of her.

The purple wings on the back moved gently, facing the Qicai Yuyanhua, and the jade hand just touched the Qicai Yuyanhua, which turned into a meteor and streaks into Qing Yuan's forehead.

The place where Xiao Yan and the others were located was a small forest, which was inevitably covered by trees, so when they went around Xiao Yan, they did not find anyone who attacked them.

A pale cyan figure that originally stood like a tree in Kobayashi suddenly swept out.

The cyan figure was terrifyingly fast, and in the blink of an eye, it flashed in front of Qing Yuan who had just woken up.

When he stretched out his arms, Qing Yuan was pulled into his arms.

Even with the strength of Qing Yuan soaring to a one-star Dou Emperor, he was instantly subdued by the blue figure.

"Want to leave?" The blue figure grabbed Qing Yuan and flicked his toes in mid-air, wanting to leave the place quickly.

However, when the sharp sword tip formed by the emerald stone bed attacked Xiao Yan, milky white flames surged out, and in an instant, it burned to nothingness.

Three thousand thunderbolts spread out in an instant, and came straight to the cyan figure in the mid-air. With a low voice, the soles of the feet containing ferocious energy kicked the cyan figure's head ruthlessly.

Sensing the ferocity of Xiao Yan's offensive, the cyan figure waved his palm, and a huge white barrier suddenly formed around him.

The white barrier also easily resisted Xiao Yan's attack.

Blocking Xiao Yan's offensive, the cyan figure twisted strangely in mid-air, and shot towards the outside of Xiao Lin.

"Stop him! The energy barrier I set up has opened a small gap, otherwise he will escape!" The voice of the Golden Dragon King also sounded in Xiao Yan's heart.

At the moment when the cyan figure and Qing Yuan were about to leave Xiaolinzi, the energy barrier placed by his master, the Golden Dragon King, was also instantly lit up. In an instant, the milky white flame on the energy barrier condensed into a thick door wall, just Bet **** the gap that was opened.

The tip of his toes tapped on the door wall, and the cyan figure reluctantly shot back, his body jumped up to the top of a tree, his eyes flicked to Xiao Yan, who was chasing after him, and he said with a coquettish smile: "Puuuuuuuuuuuuuuu. , little brother, don't be so reluctant to chase after you, and you didn't grab your meat to eat, but this little girl is our long-lost clan, so I also have to take her back."

In the small forest, Xiao Yan swept up to the top of another tree like lightning, facing the cyan figure in the distance, staring coldly at the azure-robed woman who covered her face, milky white flames rising violently around her body.

"Your Excellency, don't talk nonsense, this girl is my sister, you won't be able to grab it like this!" Xiao Yan also has no control over the identity of the cyan figure in front of him. If it wasn't for his strength, Xiao Yan would have already done it. , where would there be so much nonsense.

Above the sky, Xiao Yan locked on the blue figure in front with a gloomy expression, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire also reappeared behind him.

"Since the little brother doesn't believe it, then he has no choice but to offend him."

"I have to take this person away today!" Saying that, the blue figure waved his palm, and then an invisible energy rushed towards Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Strong energy blew head-on, and Xiao Yan used the power of milky white fire as his armor to defend, and it also cut on his body like a blade. Slightly sore.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan also said in a low voice, and then he saw that Qing Yuan in the hands of the cyan figure seemed to be in a coma, and then slowly took off the heavy ruler behind him.

"The flame divides the wave ruler!"

A low shout, rising in mid-air, and then, dozens of meters in front of the woman in blue, the space suddenly appeared a little distorted, and then a huge ray of light wrapped in milky white flames quickly emerged.

In the end, it condensed in the sky like lightning into a thick wall of fire that was more than ten meters wide.

Moreover, on the surface of the flame, there are several meters of sharp awns scattered all over the place. It is conceivable that if you bump into it with one head, the end will probably not be better than bumping into a hedgehog.

It was a trapped flame wall formed by Xiao Yan's small hands and feet on the original flame divider.

The huge wall of fire that suddenly appeared in the sky also caused the cyan figure on the opposite side to frown slightly.

"Humph!" He looked at the wall of fire that suddenly appeared and enveloped him. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

The woman in Tsing Yi snorted slightly angrily. Obviously, not only did she have to bring Qing Yuan, she also protected the girl from being hurt, and she had to face the attack of the man in front of her, so she couldn't help but struggle. .

"Break it for me!"

Holding the unconscious Qing Yuan in her left hand, the woman in Tsing Yi shoved her right hand against the void in front of her.

Immediately, the white light skyrocketed, and the overwhelming white beam of light appeared strangely.

After the white beams of light appeared, they began to entangle with each other. In just ten seconds, countless white beams of light were entangled into a huge white beam of light that was more than ten feet tall.

The huge white light contained terrifying power, wrapped in energy light, and then mixed with the sound of howling breaking wind, slammed into the terrifying wall of fire.

"Bang!" Above the sky, an explosion sounded, and the huge flame wall was directly blasted by the white light to a huge gap.

I heard the explosions in the sky and the falling flames.

The Tsing Yi woman's body flew out of the void like lightning, and at the same time, her palms slammed back.

Immediately, the huge white energy beam shot back from the gap and smashed towards Xiao Yan who was oncoming.

Feeling the intense oppressive energy personally, Xiao Yan's face changed slightly, and his right palm slammed open. Aiming at the smashing white light, it was slightly silent, a huge milky white flame column. burst out.

Tickets ^O^