Chapter 221: Conversation between mysterious people!

In the cave that was divided from east to west on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, with a burst of space squirming, a mysterious person suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes. In the space, people who appear at random, even if they are as powerful as Chi Linglong Yi, have never seen them, so Xiao Yan's heart is full of curiosity about this person at this time.

Xiao Yan looked at the man in front of him carefully, and saw that he was about the same age as himself. After all, his cultivation base had reached a certain level of strength, and age and appearance were not so important.

However, this figure is slender and looks very handsome.

She was wearing a silver long gown with silver light shining from time to time, very beautiful.

This man had a smile on his face, giving people a very cordial feeling. There was a strange brilliance in his eyes, which made Xiao Yan feel an indescribable mystery.

The silver figure in front of him was also looking at Xiao Yan, but there was a hint of surprise in his eyes.

"This is the kid who has entered the secret realm, and there are indeed some secrets on him."

Xiao Yan was also the first to break the deadlock and said, "Who is Your Excellency?"

"You don't need to know who I am, you just need to know that I'm not your enemy." The silver figure smiled lightly.

Through the perception of huge soul power, Xiao Yan knew that the strength of the silver figure in front of him was extremely terrifying. According to Xiao Yan's guess, Wu Jiang was not as good as the silver figure in front of him.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also discovered that even the soul power of the Emperor Realm mortal level can only detect a general situation in this cave, which is very surprising to Xiao Yan.

In the end, the silver figure in front of him could come here from another dimension so easily. This is very rare, and Xiao Yan is also extremely curious about this.

The silver figure in front of him also seemed to have guessed some of Xiao Yan's questions, and then someone laughed: "You can just call me Xiaoyue. What's your name?"

"I think that although you are young, your strength has reached the level of the early stage of the four-star Dou Di, and it is also extremely tyrannical."

"And you have the same thing that surprised me."

"According to my observation, there are several different flames implicit in your body, which is a very strange thing."

"A kind of flame is extremely violent and powerful, not to mention the fusion of so many flames."

"Ordinary people can't have so many flame powers at the same time, especially flames whose properties are mutually exclusive. But you have several flames in one body, which may be the difference between you and ordinary people." The silver figure is also not in a hurry. Said, obviously the secrets of Xiao Yan have also seen some clues. As for Chi Ling and the Golden Dragon King, it is difficult for even the strong fighting immortals to detect, so Xiao Yan is not worried.

And the most important thing is that Xiao Yan didn't feel murderous aura from this silver figure, so he started talking with him slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also shocked. He didn't expect that he could see at a glance the secrets that he was carrying several kinds of flames.

Xiao Yan said softly, "My name is Yan Xiao, I came here by accident, why is your Excellency here?"

"Looking at you, it seems that there is a hint of evil aura hidden in your body. This is obviously not the ghostly aura in the corpse forest. What's going on?"

When Xiaoyue heard the words, her eyes flashed, and she looked straight at Xiao Yan.

Then Xiaoyue smiled and said: "Your eyes are very sharp, you can even notice it, but if I tell you, I've been here for a long time, and naturally I have a little ghost, do you believe it?"

"Or, do you believe me when I say I'm a ghost?"

"Actually, no matter who I am, it doesn't matter. The important thing is that there is no misunderstanding between us now. Just like now, everyone is happy together, why should you care about my identity? Just like I don't ask you, Why do you have several flames in your body, do you think so?"

Xiao Yan thought about it for a while, then smiled and said, "That's right, meeting is fate. You come to see me from another dimension, it can be considered a fate."

"No matter what happens between us in the future, at least now we can live in peace and be a pair of unfamiliar but familiar friends."

Xiaoyue's face was overjoyed and she said with a smile, "After so many years, I have finally found someone who can talk. It's really hard to wait."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Now I'll take you to another place to sit for a meeting. Let's have a good chat."

"You remember to follow me closely, don't lose it. Be careful, let's go." After Xiaoyue finished speaking, her hands moved to the left and right, the space in the cave was squirming, and suddenly a door of space appeared again.

I saw Xiaoyue's slender body turned into a silver light, like moonlight, and shot into the door in an instant.

However, Xiao Yan turned into a milky white light, and disappeared in a blink of an eye.

With a flash of brilliance, that door of space disappeared in an instant.

When Xiao Yan appeared again, he was already in a very bright and dry cave.

Taking a closer look around, Xiao Yan knew that this was where Xiaoyue lived, but he didn't know why he lived here. Xiao Yan couldn't guess at this point for a while.

Xiaoyue smiled and said: "Sit down, are you guessing, why do I live in such a place? In fact, there is nothing, as long as you check carefully, you will find that this cave is different from other places in the Infernal Corpse Forest. This place is full of fighting qi suitable for you humans to absorb and cultivate, and it is the place where emperor qi gathers in the entire Yin Corpse Forest.”

"If you are interested, you can try to see if you can absorb some Emperor Qi to enhance your cultivation."

Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, looking at Xiaoyue, a strange thought occurred in his heart.

In Xiao Yan's heart, the feeling of Xiaoyue is very strange. He understands that his soul power will never go wrong. The news he found from Xiaoyue is that Xiaoyue has a powerful aura.

It's just that this breath is not a ghost breath. Although I don't know what kind of breath it is, this breath has slowly transformed into another kind of breath.

Even so, based on Xiao Yan's excellent soul perception, it can still be judged that his strength is definitely not weak, maybe as he said, he is not necessarily a ghost.

If he is a ghost, would you like to be with him?

At this moment, Xiao Yan's thoughts were racing in his heart, and suddenly, he remembered what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said.

I remember that my master Jinlong King once said that in this world, the so-called demons and ghosts are not all bad, just like people have good and evil.

If that's the case, why should he care too much, as long as he doesn't have any malice towards him, that's enough.

Thinking of this, Xiao Yan smiled.

In another place, Mu Yingying also stared at a well and said, "Big Tiger, is this the place you're talking about?"

"Yes, it's just that the creatures here are very powerful. I think we should not go down, otherwise I'm afraid..." Before the humanoid Tianhuo Shenghu's words were finished, Mu Yingying rolled up her sleeves, and then It turned into a ray of light and entered the well.

"My little ancestor..." After Tianhuo Sacred Tiger finished speaking, he followed, for fear that something might happen to this little aunt.

"Hey hey, the ghost energy on the third floor of the corpse forest is really serious. It seems that the finals should be here. The top ten powerhouses are also gathering here one after another, the battle of the powerhouses..."

"But why is the ghost energy on the third floor so weird? I can't tell you the specifics." Luo Guang also appeared on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest and said to himself.

Ask for tickets!