Chapter Vol 4 2118: Cardinal Archbishop, Lacey!

In the medicine world, thousands of meters of golden flames were suspended in the sky, the dazzling green sun jumped violently around the golden flames, and an unusually harsh low-pitched sound spread.

Just from the aftermath of this level of battle, it is enough to smell how thrilling this kind of battle is!

"It doesn't always feel right..."

There was no change in the body of the demon Xiao Yan. At this time, he had recovered some strength and strength, and stood on the ground with the ancient powerhouses.

Demon Xiao Yan looked at the three indistinguishable battles above the sky, and his eyes were actually replaced by demon blood, as if he was making some kind of bold demonstration.

In the battle in the sky, no matter how tyrannical attacks Xun'er and Yao Wan broke out, they would eventually be completely submerged in Austin's four-winged angel wings, even the pair of purple angel wings, which were powerful. horrible!

"Everyone, I implore you to give them a helping hand."

After thinking for a moment, Xiao Yan bent over and said to the powerhouse of the ancient race beside him.

"Go ahead!"

Seeing Xiao Yan voluntarily resign, they no longer have any worries in their hearts. Led by the ancient race, countless strong men blasted away at Austin, forming a rather spectacular scene for a while.

"Boom!"

Four-winged angel Austin and Xun'er, Yao Wan's attack can be described as earth-shattering, the entire medicine world was beaten by the three in darkness, but compared with the battle between the demon and the Slaughtering Soul just now, it is still a little worse. .

"Why... are you still planning to play group attack?"

Austin kept waving his angel wings, but under the attack of Xun'er and Yao Wan, his face became extremely pale. After watching the entire sky surrounded by countless powerhouses, he couldn't help but sarcastically said. .

In normal times, like this kind of eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, he doesn't even bother to look straight, but now he has to resist the deadly attack of two reincarnation powerhouses. what.

"Kill kill kill!"

Although the ancient races have their own prejudices, but they are the same enemy of the Holy See, they use all their powers, and countless attacks are tilted towards Austin!

Even though the God of Austin descended to earth, when faced with so many fighting skills bombardment, he couldn't help but change his face!

"good chance!"

Xun'er watched Austin's calmness turned into worry, and immediately found a flaw and shouted loudly.

"Bang bang bang!"

Countless energies, fire, wood, mines, etc. blasted directly at Austin, and the entire sky was instantly rendered gorgeous, and a very bright sense of distortion swept out.

"Austin, your Holy See has killed too many innocent lives indiscriminately in the name of an angel."

"This time, it's over!"

The ancient race, the soul virtual child, the old man of Lingxi, etc., plus Xun'er, a total of seven people, forming a tight energy cage, completely shrouded Austin, everyone said righteously. .

"Crack!"

Austin's Angel Wings are tyrannizing. Facing the joint attack of tens of thousands of people here, the energy barrier formed by the Angel's Wings shatters suddenly, and an awe-inspiring death breath finally haunts him at this moment. heart!

Allowing him to be the number one believer in the Holy See, his face finally turned extremely pale when facing the attack circle formed by the two first-level reincarnations and the tens of thousands of Seven Star Fighting Immortals and Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"kill him!"

"Announce to the world!"

"Joint crusade against the Holy See!"

"Kill kill kill!"

Looking at Austin's sluggish appearance, the minds of other forces could no longer contain the anger in their hearts and shouted loudly.

"Let me come!"

Xun'er knew that now everyone is united, but still needs one person to come as an example.

"Boom!"

The magnificent golden flame, the reincarnation and the power of the holy flame, suddenly flashed from the center of Xun'er's eyebrows, and suddenly burst into Austin with a mysterious power that could not be expressed.

Void along the way, instantly shattered, twisted, the extreme power makes countless people crazy, it is enough to really smash here.

"Squeak."

With a bang, a beam of light descended from the sky, and when it touched the terrifying power released by Xun'er, it easily swallowed the latter, thus covering Austin.

At this moment, endless vitality and radiance filled Austin's body, making it full of vitality!

Even the world that had been quiet in the medicine world suddenly burst out with an extremely tyrannical oppression from the top of the sky!

"This...this is?"

At this moment, everyone only felt a chill in their hearts, their backs were dripping with cold sweat, their bodies became stalemate, they slowly raised their heads, and murmured.

At the top of the sky, an extremely faint light spot slowly enlarged rapidly in their pupils.

"Haha, it's really lively."

A low voice fell from the sky.

Everyone saw that it was a light spot, more like a star, and now it was slowly falling from the sky, and the power contained in it was as weak as a dying old man!

But after carefully sensing the past, a touch of aura that surpassed all the powerhouses present is slowly emerging.

"Hoohoo."

"No wonder it's so reckless."

The demon Xiao Yan jumped, jumped directly into the sky, came to Xun'er's side, and hugged Xun'er gently.

"Brother Xiao Yan...let's go."

The reincarnation mark between Xun'er's eyebrows flickered even more, and his eyes kept flickering on the light spot in the sky and Xiao Yan's body, the silver teeth clenched, the pink tender jade fist clenched, and said stubbornly.

With the strength of Xun'er's temporary first-level reincarnation level, he can still feel a sense of terror and a sense of powerlessness. In addition to these guys' identities in the Holy See, the mysterious source of power may only be the supreme existence in the Holy See.

Cardinal Archbishop.

It is said that the strength of the red-clothed archbishop is at least at the level of reincarnation, and he has realized the most powerful person in the world.

And from the perspective of the style that the Holy See is showing now, the comers are not good!

"Do not."

"I do not go."

Xiao Yan laughed softly, his voice was extremely firm, and his arms hugged heavily, allowing Xun'er to feel his existence.

"But it's very likely that he's coming for you!!!"

"Go away!!!"

"This is an order!!!"

"Endless Fire Territory needs you!"

"Xiao Xiao, they still need you!"

Xun'er almost pushed Xiao Yan to speak, she forcibly held back the tears in her body, and couldn't bear to look at Xiao Yan, she was able to push Xiao Yan away, and endless golden light bloomed.

"It's a battle between men."

Xiao Yan smiled softly and stepped out directly, jumping over Xun'er and the others, the demonic power on his body beating violently like a flame.

The corner of the devil Xiao Yan's mouth exudes a charming smile Step by step into the void, towards the mysterious powerhouse above the sky!

"The Holy See Second Believer Hill!"

"Austin, the first believer in the Holy See!"

"Welcome Bishop!"

"Congratulations, Mr. Lacey!"

At this moment, Hill took the unconscious Liu Hao and bathed in the pillar of light together with Austin. He bowed his head very respectfully and reverently, and said to the figure at the top of the pillar of light in the sky!

At this moment, countless people only feel that the power in their bodies tends to calm down, and they can't provoke any resistance at all.

Not for anything else, just because of the identity of the person in front of Tiantian!

Cardinal of the Holy See, Lacey!

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: