Chapter 224: 3 people gather!

"Haha, it's not a waste of time for us to learn this in less than a day." Xiaoyue also smiled and was very satisfied with Xiao Yan in front of her.

"Thank you, senior!" Xiao Yan also bowed deeply to Xiaoyue, because in less than a day, Xiao Yan learned the magic skill of traveling through this space!

It was precisely because he learned the magic skill of traveling through space that Xiao Yan knew how powerful this Xiaoyue was in front of him!

That's why he respectfully bowed to Xiaoyue.

"Since it's over, I think it's time for me to go too.

"But you have to remember that if you want treasure, you have to go to the well earlier. Although I told you something about the well, after all, there are a lot of little-known secrets in the well..." Finished It was also the silver light that flashed away and disappeared in an instant.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan looked at Xiao Yue who was far away and replied softly.

"Xiao Yan, do you know who he is?" Seeing Xiaoyue leaving, Longyi, the ruler above the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, also said.

"He should be the overlord of the corpse forest you mentioned, the Yinyue Sirius." Xiao Yan also said in a hurry.

"You actually know..." Now it was Long Yi's turn to be surprised. The reason why he didn't dare to show up just now was because Xiao Yan devoured his power of origin, causing Long Yi to be severely damaged at this time. Appearing in front of Yinyue Sirius is undoubtedly a self-destruction.

"I already knew..."

"And Xiaoyue also knows that you are in my heavy ruler, but you just didn't make a move. Otherwise, do you think you can escape?" Xiao Yan also laughed. Obviously, even now Long Yi has become a In the end, he is still greedy for life and fear of death.

"You devoured my source power and hurt my vitality, but I'm too embarrassed to tell me..."

"Do you know what it was like back then..."

"Wait!" The dragon soul was also talking nonstop, and then Xiao Yan ignored the dragon soul and carried the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler behind his back, looking at a certain part of the cave.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The next moment, his eyes lit up, his hands clasped together, and then the handprints on the fingers kept changing, and a very strange silver light instantly flew out from Xiao Yan's hands, and then went towards a certain void in the cave.

The darkness in the cave was illuminated by the silver light, and then the space wriggled strangely, and suddenly a meter of space appeared in the cave.

"Success!" Xiao Yan also looked at the silver space shuttle in the sky and said excitedly.

"Let's go, it's time to go back." Xiao Yan finished his words, and then his body turned into a milky white flame, and he traveled through the passage towards the silver space.

The milky white flame light just entered the silver space shuttle, and the silver space shuttle in the middle of the cave slowly disappeared, as if it did not appear.

At this time, peace was restored in the mysterious cave.

"Xiao Yan, Yueru, there's no need for us to go towards the center point when we come to the third floor of the corpse forest, right?"

"I heard that there are powerful creatures on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest. The overlord of the entire Infernal Corpse Forest, Yinyue Sirius lives here. The strength of this Yinyue Sirius is extremely terrifying. There is death but not life..." Mu Feng said to himself.

"Xiao Yan, did you listen to what I said?" Mu Feng finished his words and found that no one responded to him, so he turned his forehead to the back and glanced at him.

I didn't know this, but I was startled when I saw it.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Yueru?" Mu Feng found that the two of them were not found behind him, and he couldn't help but raise his voice a few decibels.

"This third floor is really weird!" Mu Feng also found out that something was wrong, and then he was clinging to his body with a grudge, and looked around vigilantly.

Although Xiao Yan and Yueru couldn't be seen, Mu Feng also vaguely felt that they were by his side, but they were blocked by these strange things.

"The third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest is really strange. Why is the ghost energy in it getting more and more serious..."

"I hope I don't encounter the Silver Moon Sirius." Mu Feng murmured, and then his legs and pupils kept turning.

At this moment, Mu Feng was surrounded by endless darkness, and the ghost energy was like some thin gas.

"Yin-yang gossip, throw the universe, break it for me!" Suddenly Mu Feng saw a bright spot in front of his left, and he immediately exerted his vindictive energy to the extreme, and then attacked that spot of light!

The huge blue-colored Dou Qi gushed out from Mu Feng's body, and then with the sound of "bang, bang, bang," like glass breaking, Mu Feng also returned to the place where he had just dispersed.

"Look, isn't Mu Feng here?" A man with a heavy ruler looked at Mu Feng and said.

"It's really dangerous. I didn't know what kind of inexplicable power it was just now. I felt like I had entered an enchantment, but then it was also a quilt." Mu Feng said a little proudly.

Xiao Yan also laughed, and then he didn't say anything more.

Yueru and Mu Feng did indeed enter a barrier, but they did not break the barrier by themselves, but Xiao Yan performed the space shuttle technique. The two of them were so easy to ask for the barrier, otherwise they would rely on two Human strength, it is quite difficult to deal with that mysterious enchantment, after all, it was set up by Yinyue Sirius, how could it be broken so easily.

The three of them chatted with each other for a while, and found that they were still unresolved, but one thing can be concluded is that the three of them accidentally entered the barrier by mistake, so the previous scene appeared.

"Since everyone is fine, let's take a rest first." Xiao Yan also said, and he could see that there were a lot of dangers lurking on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest.

Leaving the enchantment area outside the mysterious cave, the three of them also kept moving towards the depths.

After a while, the three of them found a leeward place and sat down cross-legged. Xiao Yan also raised a fire in front of him, and the three rested beside the fire together.

"Xiao Yan, in fact, I have always had a question, that is, if we are avoiding the powerhouses in this point grabbing competition to protect our points there is no need to enter such a deep place, this corpse There seems to be some terrifying existence in the depths of the third floor of the forest, which is what worries me the most..." Mu Feng also said in a humming tone.

"Actually, I don't know either, but there is always a voice guiding me, and that voice seems to be in the depths of the third floor of the corpse forest, so I am getting closer and closer..."

"And one of the important things I participated in the selection competition this time was also on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

Xiao Yan didn't intend to hide them, but this matter involved too much, and Xiao Yan didn't want them to know.

"Oh?" Mu Feng was also surprised.

This Infernal Corpse Forest is a place full of ghosts, how could there be such a strange voice as Xiao Yan said...

As for the thing that exists in the depths of the third layer of the corpse forest, you don't have to think about it, you know that there must be a strong guardian guarding it...

However, when he thought that he had been helped by Xiao Yan ever since he entered the Infernal Corpse Forest, his heart also became turbulent.

He Mu Feng is not a ruthless bastard!

"Since this is the case, then I have no choice but to give up my life to accompany the gentleman." Mu Feng also said after a little thought, and the moment he spoke, he deliberately put on a determined expression, which made the two of them burst into laughter.

"Let's have a good rest today. If you hurry up tomorrow, you should be able to reach your destination." Xiao Yan also said with relief.

The night was very quiet, the voices of the three people kept coming from the bonfire, and the laughter and laughter were endless.

Ask for tickets!