Chapter Vol 4 1822: The princess shot, the sky is full of stars!

Just when Xiao Yan went deep into the tiger's den, there were other places.

"Strange, why can't the soul imprint on Lord Xiao Yan be connected?" In the Profound Sky City in the Profound Sky Mountains, in an inn that is very close to the Imperial Palace, Lin Hao opened the window and looked at the Imperial Palace not far away. Courtyard, muttered.

As early as when the two acted separately, they left their respective soul powers to use to pass on news, but now Lin Hao tried to contact Xiao Yan, but there was no news, plus Lin Hao's many concerns , frowned for a while.

"I can't wait like this any longer. This matter must be reported to the princess." Standing at the edge of the inn, looking at the silent palace compound, Lin Hao's body disappeared and went directly to their base camp. This kind of thing must be told as soon as possible. Princess, and since the two moved apart, Lin Hao felt uneasy, fearing that something major would happen.

"This underground palace is probably thousands of meters below Tianxuan City, and there are extremely tyrannical confinement on the surrounding stone walls. Even if I use the fire of holy flame as the explosion point, I'm afraid I won't be able to fall off..." Xiao Yan kept avoiding the surrounding The strong man's pursuit, but the soul power of this body is like a depleted spring, and the aura in the body is even more sluggish. Any ordinary five-star fighting immortal is enough to obliterate Xiao Yan.

"Go and see here!"

"There are too many passages, and I don't know why the big man above is so angry..." A number of powerful patrol guards kept patrolling, but they did not find Xiao Yan.

After all, the underground palace here, except for the real Prince Lin Fengya's bedroom, is almost as dense as a honeycomb. Even Lin Fengya himself doesn't know much about it. This also allows Xiao Yan to constantly avoid pursuit.

In the underground palace, in the prince's bedroom, a luxurious house completely paved with cobblestones appeared here. At this time, five people stood in the house one after another.

The leader of the five was Lin Fengya who was sitting in a wheelchair. At this time, he looked at the four men in front of him with cold eyes, his face full of resentment, and a wave of anger buried in his heart.

Four seven-star fighting immortals besieged a five-star fighting immortal waste, even if he had the ability to reach the sky, he could not escape death, but the fact was right in front of him, Xiao Yan actually escaped from the hands of the four strong men!

ran away!

A five-star fighting immortal escaped from the hands of four seven-star fighting immortals, and this courage alone may cause countless people to sigh.

"Prince, forget it, we can't blame us for this. After all, that guy is extremely cunning. At the last moment, he attacked the four dragon corpses with all his strength. In order to protect the dragon corpses, the three of us had to send Uncle Lin to track them down. ..." Soul Wuji sneered and excused himself.

Seeing this, Uncle Lin, who was beside him, threw a trace of gratitude towards Hun Wuji under the black robe.

"There are still a few days before the final step will be taken. After the event is completed, this world will crawl under our feet, but I have to remind you once again that we are now fish on a boat, and I don't want any of them to have Something damaging to the collective happens.”

"Uncle Lin, Xiao Yan's affairs are left to you. Even if you can't arrest him, you must not let him leave the underground palace."

"That's it." Lin Fengya thought for a while, and then snorted coldly.

"Yes." The four of them went down after hearing the words.

"This is that guy's breath tracking, I'll leave it to you." After just leaving the palace, Soul Wuji quietly followed Uncle Lin, and then a wisp of emptiness of soul power appeared on the palm of his hand.

This is a trace of Xiao Yan's weak soul power, and I don't know how Soul Wuji collected it, but with this thing, it is indeed possible to find Xiao Yan.

"Thank you very much." Uncle Lin heard the words, his eyes were staring at Venus, and he laughed, with this thing, he can find Xiao Yan in the huge hive of the underground palace, and then he can be ashamed!

"No thanks, everyone is allies." Soul Wuji gloomily dropped a sentence with deep meaning, and immediately hid in the darkness.

"Are you allies... It's strange that the prince said that you must beware of these soul hall guys." Uncle Lin shook his head helplessly, but the faint soul power of Xiao Yan in his hand had already slowly sensed Xiao Yan's position. get close to it.

"Susu..."

"What a bunch of idiots."

"Our Soul Hall Supreme gathers the power of faith, although I can't use it, but I can collect the lost souls from a large number of dead humans after the battle. That kind of huge scene is ecstatic, the amount of souls Strength is also a great help for me.”

"Uncle Lin?"

"Just an idiot with no strength, Xiao Yan not only has the holy flame, but even some power of the princess, let you try it, the so-called power of the stars in the princess, what kind of tyranny is it... Susu." Soul Wuji, who concealed the darkness, sneered, as for the spiritual light that recorded Xiao Yan's faint breath just now, it was not easy for him to collect, but compared to what he was going to do next, it was simply a drop in the bucket.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan walked back and forth, and his injuries were barely stabilized, but he would definitely not be able to fight for a short time. At this time, he only felt that the underground palace was shaking, and it seemed that some tyrannical creature was attacking him.

"Uncle Lin?" Xiao Yan suddenly lost his voice when he saw a majestic and majestic figure sitting quietly in the void in front of him when he walked out of the stone wall passage.

"Little bastard, this time, I'll see where you're going!" This time, Uncle Lin's wood property field was spreading all over his body. A dignified depression made Xiao Yan breathless. Obviously, the previous blow had completely provoked him. Angered Uncle Lin, and now that he is meeting in Du, he will naturally go all out.

"This old fox..." At this moment, Xiao Yan's body burst out with awe, and he stood proudly in the space as if he was dying.

"Wooden Realm, Muteng Dimension Palm!" Seeing that Xiao Yan had nowhere to go, Uncle Lin sneered, and the dazzling green aura all over his body gathered towards his palm, and there were countless lush breath carriers in the realm, an indescribable burst of energy. The annihilating breath turned into a wood-like green palm and roared away at Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to go all out, the void behind Xiao Yan trembled uncontrollably, and immediately the entire field filled with green energy was suddenly completely swallowed by the void behind Xiao Yan.

For a moment, a special field that was as bright and vast as a starry sky spread out from behind Xiao Yan.

That kind of power is like a sea of ​​stars, dark and cold and full of endless mystery, which makes it look incomparably tall. Even with the power of Uncle Lin in the late stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, it is as small as a star in front of him.

"Lin Yunshu?" Seeing this sudden scene, Uncle Lin's pupils shrank tightly, and then roared.

"Broken!" A coquettish anger sounded like a goddess who traveled in the nine heavens was sentenced to death. Suddenly, the deep starry sky swayed gently, countless stars were looming, and Uncle Lin's attack was directly swallowed by it!

"Let's go!" At will, Uncle Lin's attack was erased, and a coquettish voice emerged, and the stars in the sky turned into a slender hand, which pushed Xiao Yan into the void, closed it, and disappeared here.

"Ahhh!"

"Lin Yunshu!"

"Xiao Yan!" Watching this scene, Uncle Lin's pupils were filled with a frantic look, roaring like a beast who had fallen into madness!

The roar echoed for a long time, but it was only Uncle Lin, and the spying was finally over, and the next step was the most important election.

In this Star Continent, I am afraid that because of this election, the real sense... will change!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.