Chapter Vol 4 2249: The peak of reincarnation!

In the evil prison, following Xiao Yan's actions, there is an ancient and vast fluctuation between heaven and earth. That kind of power is like the power of reincarnation scattered everywhere since the beginning of the world, but now it is converging under Xiao Yan's control. Here, a little bit is injected into the body and watched, it is extremely mysterious.

At this time, Xiao Yan, the glazed flames around his body were looming, and more solid and powerful energy accumulated in the body, like an active volcano that would erupt completely at any time.

This situation has been going on for more than a month. Unfortunately, during this period, Xiao Yan has been relying on the power left by Bai Wushuang, closing his eyes to perceive the reincarnation, his body has not moved or changed, but the power in his body has been turned upside down. Variety.

Pure Heart is the nemesis of Saint Flame, but Xiao Yan, as the controller of Saint Flame, can't control the latter anyway, because the two forces are in constant conflict. Knowing this kind of thing, just now gave Xiao Yan a good fortune!

"Blue-haired Buddha Lion, what's going on with my second brother?"

In the quiet evil prison space, Xiao Yi frowned, and then looked at Xiao Yan who was sitting cross-legged above the void in the distance. At this time, Xiao Yan had a very subtle aura lingering around her body, but Xiao Yi was obsessed with it. Fog Shui, after a month of murmuring, I couldn't figure out what was going on.

It's not good to go to disturb Xiao Yan, otherwise, it will cause trouble.

"do not know."

"However, the power gushing out of this world at this time is a little weird, and I can't say the specific reason."

"That kind of power and reincarnation have the same effect."

Qingmao Buddha Lion also knew little about this.

During the month of January, the green-haired Buddha lion was worried about the safety of the two of them, so he twisted his body and came down to investigate, but when he saw that all the evil creatures in this evil prison had disappeared completely, he was surprised, even Xiao The appearance of Yan is even more surprising!

Now Xiao Yi and Qingmao Buddha Lion have become extremely friendly. The two are waiting here together. Since the evil prison here has been completely lifted, when the three treasures that Xiao Yan needs are given to the latter, he can completely escape from here. .

"Boom!"

Just at the moment when the two were puzzled, the mysterious energy in the entire space actually gathered towards Xiao Yan, and around Xiao Yan, a circle of reincarnation wrinkles of the color of glass appeared, and the reincarnation pattern was like tree rings. , profound, but the power contained in it is like the oldest power in the world.

"Such a terrifying power of reincarnation, what is going on here?"

The green-haired Buddha lion has a serious look on his face. This level of reincarnation power is not like mere reincarnation, and the terrifying power contained in reincarnation actually makes his scalp feel numb.

"Whoa!"

Xiao Yan's situation did not last long, the power in his entire body shrank immediately, his eyes were extremely deep, and he smiled lightly.

"Hehe, the blue-haired Buddha lion, fortunately not humiliated." A hearty laughter emerged, and Xiao Yan, who was sitting quietly like a stone statue, suddenly opened his eyes, got up, and walked towards the latter. Underneath, there is a majestic and terrifying power hidden.

"How is this going?"

"And your power..."

The voice of the green-haired Buddha lion is full of curiosity. It seems that this guy's strength is a little unpredictable.

"Thanks to the gift of the senior here."

"My current strength, to be precise, should have almost crossed a calamity of reincarnation here... It's a pity."

Xiao Yan pretended to laugh mysteriously, and there was actually a lot of regret in his speech.

"Have you reached the peak of reincarnation?"

"You actually went directly from the quasi-reincarnation to the peak of reincarnation?"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, Qing Mao Shi and Xiao Yi looked at each other at the same time and exclaimed.

"Because I didn't understand reincarnation before, the power of holy flames that was left in my body accumulated. Now that I understand reincarnation, those forces were released and absorbed by me, which just helped me break through to the peak of reincarnation."

Xiao Yan scratched his head and said with a smile, there was a hint of relief in his voice.

Reincarnation-level powerhouses are powerful figures in the great world. Countless powerhouses have spent their entire lives trapped in the eight-star Douxian perfection level and the quasi-reincarnation level. It can be seen how much it takes to take this small step. difficult!

As for Xiao Yan's reincarnation, he has already stepped through several lifetimes and found his own way of reincarnation, but Xiao Yan also knows that if the road to reincarnation hadn't been determined by his resolve, he would have been drowned in the dark tide. That kind of power, Enough to smash yourself to pieces.

"The two of you are really monsters."

Qingmao Buddha Lion shook his head, obviously being hit. The strength and talent of Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, even it was a sigh of relief.

"Senior is very complimented."

"By the way, since the matter is over, what we need..."

Xiao Yan shook his head, and then spoke directly to the green-haired Buddha lion. After all, time is short, so naturally it cannot be wasted like this.

"According to my records, Meteorite Iron does have it, but its storage location is too long ago, and I can't remember it clearly. In addition, this area has been invaded by evil forces, so I'm not sure."

"Go down and have a look, and pick out the other two treasures by the way."

"It's in the Manjusri Temple below."

The green-haired Buddha lion nodded slightly, and then pointed out a path for Xiao Yan and the two, but he did not show any signs of moving.

"Pfft!"

As soon as the sound fell, the blue-haired Buddha lion roared, and a flash of lightning at the corner of his mouth like a bright moon shone down with a dazzling light. The light became more and more intense, and finally formed an ancient key of light gently And merged into the ancient palace gate below.

There is an ancient palace in the middle of the city among the many cities below. When the blue-haired Buddha lion moved like this, the entire palace trembled slightly, and ripples of energy spread out.

"go."

Seeing this, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi looked a little hot, and then went down one after the other.

The two of them won't take more than the three treasures that were promised. After all, it is still somewhat difficult to deceive this blue-haired Buddha lion.

"Squeak."

Being acted like this by the blue-haired Buddha lion, the ancient palace below, which had been covered in dust for many times, slightly burst into a crack, and an old breath emerged along with the sound of Zen.

That kind of Zen sound just sounds, it makes people in a trance, the noisy power in the body is quieted, it seems that this kind of voice and power is by no means simple!

"Squeak."

The two came to the ancient palace and looked at the cracks that appeared slightly. After looking at each other, Xiao Yan stretched out his hand, and the power of reincarnation emerged and spread gently.

Following Xiao Yan's actions, the ancient stone gate of the Manjusri Temple exuded a very strange green light, and there were faint signs of opening.

When the flowers bloom and bear fruit, does the meteorite iron that repaired the ancient ruler still exist?

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: