Chapter Vol 2 715: 3 top powerhouses

"Alas..." A helpless, wry smile appeared in the corner of Hua Yun's mouth.

For Fen Tian, ​​Hua Yun can be said to be all grains. After all, this guy had a good relationship with many girls in his early years because of his extraordinary talent, and most importantly, this guy actually even has the current Poison Sect Sect Master and their Pavilion Master of Wanhua Pavilion. Contaminated at the same time.

However, based on Hua Yun's understanding of this Fen Tian, ​​this guy will definitely not do anything treachery.

"Suffer to death!"

"Fentian!" In the sky above the headquarters of Wanhua Pavilion, Hua Xin's anger that had been suffocated for a long time suddenly burst out.

The next moment, on Hua Xin, a black and white force of life and death perfectly blended!

This power is a symbol of a strong fighting immortal!

"It seems that the pavilion master is really angry..." Hua Yun said slightly from the side, for this substantial power of life and death, only the strong immortals can have it.

"Go to hell!" In the next instant, Hua Xin folded her hands together, and suddenly attacked Fen Tian with an earth-shattering power of fighting immortals!

"If my death can be exchanged for your forgiveness, then I am willing to die a hundred times." Fen Tian said lightly, a trace of relief appeared in his eyes.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying destructive power directly inspired circles of destruction storms in the sky.

"Bang Bang Bang!" The next moment, Hua Xin's attack was about to land on Fen Tian!

At this moment, Hua Xin didn't even believe in herself, and her heart actually ached!

This Fen Tian has betrayed him countless times, how could he possibly forgive him!

But at this time, Hua Xin wanted to withdraw, but there was nothing he could do. Obviously, the attack from Hua Xin's anger was not so easy to withdraw, otherwise, how could it be called a fighting immortal?

"Humph!"

"Crazy woman!"

"If you kill him, I'm afraid your entire Wanhua Pavilion will have to be buried with him!" Just when Hua Xin's attack landed a meter in front of Fenxiang, who was unable to resist, the void in front of Fentian twisted violently. , a pure white jade hand emerges from it!

There was a dazzling purple mist on the jade hand, but people with discerning eyes naturally knew that this was the legendary powerful poisonous fighting qi!

Moreover, there is only one person who has cultivated Poisonous Dou Qi to the level of perfection.

Poison Sect Sect Master.

"It's you again!" Seeing this, Hua Xin, although she was dangling in her heart, let go, but she bit her teeth lightly, and there was a trace of resentment against the woman in front of her.

This woman's talent and tolerance are the same as his own, but how could Fen Tian choose her in the end?

All kinds of questions were trapped in Hua Xin's heart, and she immediately said.

"Didn't I tell you not to come here?" Fen Tian shook his head when he saw the poisonous sect master also coming.

Today's matter, Fen Tian came with sincerity and prepared for Hua Xin. Either the previous grievances were over, or Fen Tian's body was left in Wanhua Pavilion, but Fen Tian never thought that the Poison Sect's Sect Master would meet. follow.

"It's not your turn to take care of this Sect Master's affairs!"

"I came today, not for you."

"It's just that there is some grudge between our Poison Sect and Fenxiang Pavilion, so you can't kill him!" Under the almost transparent veil on the face of the Poison Sect Master, there is endless murderous intent!

"You are such a nonsense!"

"Sect Master of Poison Sect, don't think that you have the strength to fight immortals, and this Pavilion Master will not dare to do anything to you, this place is in my Wanhua Pavilion!" Hua Xin heard the words, and suddenly became fierce!

This Poison Sect Sect Master is simply nonsense!

The relationship between their Poison Sect and Burning Incense Pavilion is like water and fire. How could there be grudges? I am afraid that this excuse can only deceive a three-year-old child.

"Humph!"

"Let me tell you, Fen Tian today, this Sect Master is set to be taken away!" The next moment, the Purple Dou Qi suddenly emerged from the Poison Sect Sect Master's body, and then he walked away towards Fen Tian's position. This action was obviously trying to **** away. Go Burning.

Ever since they said goodbye in Xuanling City, Fen Tian had said that he would go back to guard the mountain for her when he resolved the Wanhua Pavilion matter. Since that time, the sect master of the Poison Sect didn't have that much resentment towards Fen Tian. There are also some expectations like a little girl's love.

"You two!"

"Stop it for me!" Fen Tian snorted coldly when he saw that the two women were fighting endlessly here.

"It's none of your business here." As soon as Fen Tian finished speaking, the two women said to him.

The next moment, the Sect Master of the Poison Sect and the Pavilion Master of Wanhua Pavilion stood quietly in the sky and looked at each other.

After a while, the two figures slowly moved.

"There are enough misunderstandings between us, why are you doing this?" The Poison Sect Sect Master opened his mouth slightly with a veil, and there was already a hint of concession in his voice.

"I've said it long ago, what I can't get, nobody else can get it!" Hua Xin said disapprovingly when she heard the words.

"Hahaha!"

"A good sentence that I can't get, no one else can get it!"

"Hua Xin, you should ask your heart first!"

"If I hadn't stopped your attack just now, I'm afraid that attack would have ripped apart Fen Tian directly. I believe that you will not feel that Fen Xiang has no resistance at all." The Poison Sect Sect Master said somewhat ridiculously.

"What if you know?"

"Has this guy done a lot of wrong things?" Hua Xin said stubbornly.

"I don't care if you don't forgive Fen Tian, ​​in short, he can't die!" The Poison Sect Sect Master also knew that the Wan Hua Pavilion Pavilion Master was hurt the most by Fen Tian, ​​so he didn't plan to impress her with just a few words.

"No, he must die today!" Hua Xin stared at Fen Tian for a moment.

"Then give it a try!" After the Poison Sect Sect Master finished speaking, his figure swept away towards Fen Tian.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"go!"

"Where to run!" Hua Xin naturally knew the plan of the Poison Sect Sect Master, and immediately chased after him with a sharp attack.

"Today, you also saw this guy's attitude. If you insist on staying here I'm afraid you will..." The Poison Sect Sect Master whispered.

"Xiaohan, thank you, but since these things started because of me, let me end it." The next moment, Fen Tian pushed the Poison Sect Sect Master's body away, and the next moment, he was directly terrified by Hua Xin. Attack hit!

"Fentian, you bastard!" Seeing that Fentian didn't want his own protection and was directly hit by Huaxin's attack without any resistance, she was the dignified 95th-ranked Poison Sect Sect Master, and his heart was aching like a knife!

This is the person he loves.

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Fen Tian's body was hit by the terrifying attack, Hua Xin, who was still in the sky, was slightly dumbfounded.

Although this attack of mine was just easy to do, but with the strength of his own fighting immortals, this attack hits a person who has no resistance, and the end is...

"Fentian!" After thinking for a moment, Hua Xin couldn't care less. After all, if a person died, there would be nothing left.

The Sect Master of Poison Sect looked at Fen Tian who was in pain, while that Hua Xin's speed was soaring. When he came to Fen Tian, ​​the feeling was that the newlyweds were worried about their husband's comfort!

"Hehe, I'm hooked..." At this moment, Fen Tian suddenly smiled in his heart, but he was recovering from the pain.

After all, Fen Tian still underestimated Hua Xin's strength, and his body was already scarred after receiving Hua Xin's attack!

"Pfft!" The next moment, after the attack was over, Fen Tian suddenly spurted out a mouthful of blood, and then looked at Hua Xin who came from the sky with some difficulty.

Ask for tickets!