Chapter Vol 4 1289: The ratio of Dongzhou, open!

On this day, the city lord and the elder forging wind announced the basic competition rules and rewards at the altar, and suddenly the entire Leicheng was filled with a strong smell of gunpowder!

They all know how difficult it is to win the championship, but if they succeed, they will also become true geniuses in the Eastern Continent. At that time, they will receive various rewards from the Forge Sword Thunder Valley and go to the Four Continents to compete. At that time , Fang has a real chance to be seen by the four lower courtyards of Li Hunyu!

If they can join the Four Great Courts, I am afraid that they will be able to rise to the sky. After all, the Four Great Courts are the masters of the entire Li Soul Realm. Joining them can be said to be extremely rich in resources.

After a night of silence, in a blink of an eye, it was the second day, which was also the day when the Eastern Continent Ratio officially began.

"Today is the day when the East Continent Ratio officially begins." Xiao Yan also prepared early for this day.

"It is said that the ratio of Dongzhou this time is not in Leicheng." While Xiao Yan and the three slowly gathered together, Yu Ran Ran said.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard this.

"Because there are too many people who signed up for the competition this time, it will be held in the Thunder Realm." Yu Ran Ran said.

"The Thunder Realm..." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, this Thunder Realm does not need to be said in a flash, Xiao Yan also knows that this thing is a special space opened up by the strong.

"Let's go, the entrance to the Thunder Realm is still on the altar yesterday."

"I'm afraid it will be very lively on this day." After Yu Ran Ran's two daughters finished speaking, they took the lead in walking.

This day was the day when the East Continent Ratio officially started, so in the entire Thunder City, countless figures walked towards the altar, and the water around the altar was suddenly blocked. Those scenes were even more terrifying than yesterday.

"Hey, this number is really huge." Du Feng and the city owner had already arrived on the altar, looking at the huge crowd around them, they couldn't help but say.

"Let's start." Du Feng said slowly.

"Yes." The city lord nodded, and then the two figures lifted slightly into the air and came to the altar in the air.

"Crash!" In the next moment, a silver scroll appeared out of thin air in the hands of the City Lord and Elder Dufeng, and then crushed instantly under the watchful eyes of countless people around the altar!

"Boom!" The two scrolls were crushed, and at the center of the altar, a spatial vortex also slowly emerged, and the vortex was filled with an extremely terrifying spatial power.

"This...is the gate of space?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but open his mouth when he saw the actions of the two strong men, because he felt the same space power as the space teleportation formation.

The two silver scrolls are obviously the keys to open the door of space, and above the scrolls, the location of the Thunder Realm is clearly recorded.

"Everyone, I announce... the ratio of Dongzhou has officially begun!" The next moment, the gate of space around the city owner and Dufeng became more and more solid, and they suddenly said in unison.

"Lei Jie Lei Jie Lei Jie!" The countless figures below the altar heard that the two powerhouses officially announced the start of the East Continent Ratio, and couldn't help but burst out with a strong smell of gunpowder!

"The three stages of the competition in the East Continent are all in the Thunder Realm, everyone please!"

"I wish everyone a satisfactory result." The city owner smiled.

"Shabu Shabu!" As the city lord finished speaking, the two immediately stepped back, and then let the door of the space out, allowing the people who participated in the competition to enter.

"Let's go too."

"It is estimated that entering the Thunder Realm today, the rules for the first stage of the competition will be announced." Xiao Yan said, looking at the gate of space where silhouettes poured in continuously.

"Yes." Yu Ran Ran's two daughters also nodded lightly. Obviously, they were also looking forward to this kind of competition.

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as the voice fell, the three figures swept away and shot at the door of space.

"Weng Om!" In just an instant, everyone disappeared into the door of space.

"I hope this time, we can screen out some enchanting-level disciples... Otherwise, the ratio of the four continents, our East Continent is also..." Looking at the competition powerhouses pouring into the gate of space, Du Feng said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"They have all entered the Thunder Realm, and our Thunder City's guard can be lifted..." The city owner smiled slightly.

After the two of them finished speaking, they were also guarding the altar. After all, their mission would not be fully completed until everyone was sent to the altar.

But now, with the complete start of the Eastern Continent Ratio, the vigilance of some places in Leicheng is also relaxed, which allows some dark forces to take advantage.

"Hey, this Leicheng's guard is nothing more than that?" In a rather dark wooden house, several figures stood slowly in it.

These figures have quite different auras on their bodies, but the auras of a few people are like the power of evil, extremely gloomy.

"Six Soul Venerable, this time we sin and cooperate with your soul clan. If your information is wrong, our stronghold on the East Continent will be wiped out, and the headquarters will never let you go." The figure shrouded in black gas couldn't help but said.

Hearing these words, the body of the Six Soul Venerable couldn't help but tremble for a while. The headquarters of sin was a place that could be compared with the headquarters of their soul clan.

"Susu..."

"Don't worry, for the success of this cooperation, our Soul Clan has dispatched a Master Soul Guard. No matter how tyrannical the powerhouses on the East Continent are, there is no way to escape." The figure who was asked was covered in black robes Underneath, a gloomy soul force continued to overflow.

"Soul Guard..." The evil figure heard the words, the anger in his heart sank slightly Soul Guard's strength, without the Six Soul Venerable speaking, this evil figure also knows.

The strength of the soul clan is divided into twelve soul lords and five soul guards, and the strength of the soul venerable ranges from the lowest two-star fighting immortal to the highest four-star fighting immortal. As for the soul guard, the lowest strength is also... the five-star fighting immortal!

"The sinners above our Eastern Continent stronghold will also come in person at that time!"

"With the sinners and the two supreme powerhouses of your soul clan, the soul guards, this Dongzhou will cease to exist." The evil figure said in Zaidu.

The criminal in the sin, but the supreme person of each stronghold, his strength is enough to be comparable to the powerhouse of the five-star fighting immortal!

"Thunder Valley, this time, your East Continent will surely perish. If you want to blame it, you should not obliterate the power of our foreign evil clan in the first place!"

"Although that race ranks low among the evil races outside the realm, it has aroused the anger of the great powers within the evil race. This time, gather the power of the soul race and our sins, and you will definitely lose." The evil figure said in the mouth.

"Susu."

"Don't forget our deal." Six Soul Venerable said.

"Don't worry, in this battle, all the soul power belongs to your soul clan. We only need to kill all the powerhouses above Eastern Continent..."

"Yinhuntian, Dongzhou, this will be the first step for our foreign evil clan to officially declare war on Li Hunyu." After the evil figure finished speaking, he slowly calmed down, but some conspiracy and tricks also emerged slowly.

If this plan is really successful, and the two five-star fighting immortals come to Dongzhou, I am afraid this will be a catastrophe for the entire Dongzhou.

. full book m.