Chapter Vol 4 1415: The sea of ​​dust meets the enemy!

"Gulugulu!" After a month, it was slowly delayed, so everyone also took the space ship and quickly went to the four continents to compete.

With the lessons learned from the previous Xiyun Pavilion, Du Tianhong also increased his guarding efforts, so there was no strange thing on the way, and everyone in Dongzhou easily arrived at the four continents competition site.

"Gu master is calling us together for what..."

"I don't know, I'm afraid the owner of the valley has his plan." In a vast room, the tyrannical disciples of Muge Yunqi were the main ones, and they looked at each other and said.

"Everyone be quiet."

"The purpose of calling everyone this time is to popularize the whereabouts of the next person with everyone."

"You are one of the best in our Eastern Continent, and the Four Continents will depend on you." Duo Tianhong said with a smile.

"Shabu Shabu!" When everyone heard the words, they couldn't help but feel joyful, their eyes fixed on Du Tianhong.

"The four continents competition site is called Tianming Mountain Villa." Duo Tianhong was the first to speak.

"Tianming Mountain Villa?" In an instant, Mu Ge felt a little suspicious and spoke first.

"That's right, Tianming Villa."

"Tianming Mountain Villa, this is a huge mountain range located in the core intestine belt of the four continents. The villa stands in a treasure land with extremely rich spiritual energy of heaven and earth. It is surrounded by a sea of ​​dust. The so-called sea of ​​dust is extremely dangerous. Ming Mountain Villa was forced to cover." Duo Tianhong explained.

"The mountains in the sea?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but let out a wry smile after hearing Duan Tianhong's description.

"You can understand that, Tianming Villa is indeed wrapped in a sea of ​​dust." Duan Tianhong said.

"Will this competition take place at sea?" Xiao Yan swallowed and said slowly.

Xiao Yan possesses a devastating fire attribute, but if he fights in water, his power will be greatly reduced.

"Will not."

"In the sea of ​​​​dust, the danger is extremely dangerous, and the competition grounds have been held inside Tianming Mountain Villa in all dynasties." Duo Tianhong said.

"It was like this." Xiao Yan heard that, and immediately dispelled the worries in his heart.

"Do you have any questions?" Looking at the contemplative crowd, Duo Tianhong spoke up after a while.

Duan Tianhong called them together this time, mainly for the purpose of conveying this information. After all, they are undoubtedly the powerhouses above Eastern Continent, but they know very little about them.

"Since it's all right, let's go into the sea!" Seeing that everyone didn't speak, a smile slowly appeared on the corner of Duan Tianhong's mouth, and then the fighting spirit in his body was instantly injected into the space ship.

"Weng Buzz!" After a while, the huge space ship shook violently, and then suddenly tore the space and entered it head-to-head.

"The core intestine belt of the four continents... Is it the sea of ​​dust?" Xiao Yan murmured softly when he noticed the sudden increase in speed.

"Boom!" After a few breaths, the space ship left the space channel directly, and the dazzling sunlight poured directly on everyone's body.

"What a rich energy of heaven and earth..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say when he just arrived here.

Obviously, the energy of heaven and earth contained here is several times more tyrannical than Dongzhou.

"Gulu." After the dazzling rays of light dispersed, the panoramic view here was seen by everyone.

At this time, they stood in the space ship, and the space ship stood in the air. As for their space ship, there was an island with a large area. On the island, there was a lot of vegetation, but the small island and Compared with the space ship, it is nothing short of nothing.

"That's..." And Xiao Yan's eyesight and soul strength, but when he saw the island below, he couldn't help shrinking. Obviously, there seemed to be an extremely tyrannical power of space on the edge of the island below.

"Go down." Duan Tianhong whispered, and in an instant everyone left the space ship in an orderly manner and came to the island.

"This... what should I do?" Some disciples also said in a hurry. At this time, they were in a vast ocean.

"Look!"

"What is that?" After a while, Yun Qi's beautiful eyes stared at a place in the ocean, and his jade finger lightly pointed.

"That's..." Everyone followed Yun Qi's direction, but they saw a trace of mysterious white clouds and mists that completely shrouded them, and behind those white clouds, I'm afraid there is something terrifying.

"This is a sea of ​​dust."

"And the center of the sea of ​​​​dust is Tianming Mountain Villa, which is the place you said is covered by white clouds." In Duo Tianhong's eyes, there was a hint of relief, obviously this is not the first time here.

"Finally... is it here?" Xiao Yan suddenly smiled slowly when he heard the words.

Tianming Mountain Villa, where all the ghosts and geniuses are gathered, this is tantamount to an experience for me!

"Hey...don't get excited too early." Duan Tianhong said when everyone's hearts were hot.

"Everyone, come on board."

"Five people in a group." In an instant, Duo Tianhong's brutal fighting qi emerged from his body, and he came directly to the island, and then communicated with the rare power of space. emerge.

"Do you want us to pass by ourselves?"

"The shelf of Ming Mountain Villa is too big today..." When some strong men heard this, they were immediately dissatisfied.

"This is the regulation of Tianming Mountain Villa. If you don't even have this strength, then the four continents competition is just a shame."

"Let's go." As Du Tianhong's voice fell, the division of labor was clearly defined, and they took the boat directly and headed towards Tianming Villa.

"Boom!" This expanse of ocean is extremely vast, and everyone on it is as small as a grain of sand.

"There seems to be something under this sea area?"

"Could it be my illusion..." Xiao Yan held the direction and energy of the boat, but his eyesight was staring at the bottomless vast sea, and he muttered slightly.

The five of them were Xiao Yan, Du Qifei, Liu Qing, Yun Qi and Mu Ge.

This sea area gave Xiao Yan a sense of heaviness, and neither vindictive energy nor soul energy could be detected at all. Obviously, the depth of this sea area was too deep, but out of intuition, Xiao Yan knew vaguely that in this sea area, Afraid of danger.

"Huhuhu!" Just as everyone was moving steadily forward, the piercing sound of the sea in the originally calm sea , accompanied by some strange things, slowly emerged.

"Pfft." At that time, a gap the size of a fist appeared under the boat that Xiao Yan's five people were riding on.

The ship was damaged by this sudden attack, and their speed suddenly dropped.

"What's going on?" Seeing this, Yun Qi couldn't help but gathered around and whispered. Obviously, with her soul perception, she had created a situation in which other ships were the same except for their ships!

"It seems that this sea area is not simple..." Casting a glance at Duo Tianhong, who was calm and indifferent, Xiao Yan also recalled that this sea area seemed to be the experience of entering Tianming Mountain Villa!

"If that's the case, then let me get to know you well." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, his attention and eyesight became abnormally strong, once the mysterious creature in the sea area made any move, he would be the first time to know.

. The fastest update website for the mobile version: The latest chapter of the novel Fight Breaks the Sky God Yandi Chapter 1415 The sea of ​​dust meets thousands of enemies! URL: https://