Chapter Vol 4 1918: Terrifying formation!

The latest website: "Sir..." Listening to Xiao Yan's solemn voice, Snake Shuai's body trembled slightly, and he said.

"Let's talk, I have to go." Xiao Yan naturally knew Snake Shuai's worries, so he said out loud.

"Sir, when we entered the battlefield of the Resentful Mansion, we just joined the army of several other demon kings, and the army was attacked by the army of the Tianxiong tyrant. In the end, although we received the personal guard of the Heisha Dragon Wolf, our strength and The disparity between them was too great, and the losses were heavy. Afterwards, the demon commanders under their respective demon kings had to run away with the demon beast army, taking the opportunity to distract their army, while the three demon kings were protecting the leader of the personal guard. Slowly dodging their pursuit." Snake said tremblingly, his voice was extremely depressed and heavy, every word he uttered, the anger in his heart was suppressed a lot.

"How many powerhouses do they have?" Xiao Yan frowned, obviously not expecting the situation here to be worse than he imagined. Even with the reinforcements of the three demon kings, the personal guards of the Black Devil Dragon Wolf are still like this. Falling back.

"Assigned by Tyrant Tianxiong himself, he is the real elite of his subordinates. According to the instructions of the demon king before his departure, I am afraid that there will be only one strong person in the late stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, plus two strong people in the middle stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal..." The snake handsome is cold There are no other fluctuations in the voice, and some are just calm killing intent and anger.

"I see."

"Where are they?" Xiao Yan asked subconsciously. He could vaguely guess that the reason why Tianxiong tyrant did not take action himself was to guard against the so-called white bone evil king, but this level of combat power was placed on Anywhere, it can be regarded as a super-first-class force.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan's questioning voice just fell, and suddenly, a rare beam of light blasted towards Xiao Yan on Snake Handsome. The beam was mixed with quite mysterious power, and it seemed to record some quite useful Information.

"Now, I am afraid they have arrived at the Cliff of the Evil Moon." The mysterious light group poured into Xiao Yan's body, and these extremely flat voices suddenly entered his ears.

"Has it reached such a serious level..." Xiao Yan's flames emerged and completely wiped out this power. Naturally, this technique was used to prevent other powerhouses from discovering, so he was so careful.

"Master Snake, take the remaining soldiers and go directly to the Tianyuan battlefield, which has been completely cleaned by me, and is the best place for you to cultivate your health." Xiao Yan finished speaking and tore it casually, and space cracks appeared. He walked out, turned his back to them, and stared at the depths of this battlefield, never moving.

"But... how about you, my lord?" At this moment, the commander of the snake felt how insignificant he was. He had a dignified mid-stage Eight-Star Dou Xian strength. Because he fought against the Tianxiong Tyrant's army before, he was now saved by a guy in the middle of the Seven-Star Dou Xian. , But in the end, Shuai was still worried about Xiao Yan's safety and said solemnly.

"I'm going to meet that so-called stumbling block." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan also showed signs of leaving.

"But..." Hearing Xiao Yan's flat voice, the snake handsome and tiger's body was shocked, and the words couldn't come out of his mouth.

Now that their power is scattered, if they stop Xiao Yan from going, I am afraid that the few demon kings and the personal guards will be in jeopardy. Increased casualties, for a time, Snake Shuai also hesitated.

"Don't worry, I know what I know." Xiao Yan showed a confident smile, and immediately asked about the spirit of the demon book in his body, stepped through the void, and walked towards the cliff of the evil moon.

"My lord... where is one of the two towns and devils prisons that exists."

"Alas..." At this moment, Snake Commander could only take the rest of the army towards the Tianyuan battlefield, and could only pray to Xiao Yan silently in his heart.

"Weng buzzing!" The harsh roar sounded everywhere in the resentment mansion battlefield. One after another, scarlet evil energy phantoms and groups of unconscious green demons continued to entangle, filling the entire battlefield with a shocking taste. .

Obviously, this place can be known as the first battlefield of the ancient battlefield of the demon world. Isn't it a waste of time.

"Hey!" In the silent and dark void, a few rainbow lights were chasing after me like stars holding the moon, but the terrifying offensive that erupted from his body was probably not the best among the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"Damn...they are chasing after them. If things go on like this, our situation will probably be extremely bad." Above the void, the few people who exerted their speed to the limit, with a very unconscious figure behind them, said. road.

This guy has burly muscles, and there are obvious scarlet scars on his skin, and traces of conspicuous bloodstains are constantly emerging. Obviously, this big man has suffered serious injuries in order to protect a few people along the way.

Among the many demon kingdoms under Heisha Longlang, the Earth Rhinoceros was enough to rank in the top 20.

The Earth Rhinoceros Demon King with the strength of the eight-star Dou Xian in the early stage, this guy is mainly defensive, and his body is extremely terrifying. If the defense is light, I am afraid that it will not be too much in the face of the attack of the real eight-star Dou Xian mid-stage powerhouse.

"These two are the leaders of the Guards, and they are the true confidants of Lord Heisha Longlang. Only after they wake up will they be able to know the whereabouts of the Lord, so they must not be left behind no matter what." Among them, the Demon King has deep eyes. Looking at the people behind him, he said coldly.

"The other Guards have disguised themselves as us, scattered around, trying to confuse their sight." After Shun breath, the demon king who was carrying another Guards leader also said at the same time.

This guy is Yan Ting, quite elegant, with a rare fragrance of flowers all over her body. She is also under the command of Heisha Dragon and Wolf. The flower demon king!

An elite leader who wants to defend the Tianxiong tyrant with this strength in the early stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, plus two middle-stage Eight-star Fighting Immortals, is a bit whimsical, not to mention that they also have two taste leaders who fell into a coma. The combat power is greatly reduced.

"The three... can you run well?" While the three of them were discussing, in the void around the three of them, they were suddenly completely enveloped by an abnormal **** energy ripple. , is absolutely irresistible to them.

Eight-star Fighting Immortal late stage powerhouse!

"The blood demon king..." At this moment, the ten thousand demon king suddenly took a step forward and stopped in front of the two demon kings, resisting the invasion of the depressing **** energy for them, and his eyes Among them, the expression was extremely serious.

"And us." After a while, the **** sky, and two sounds also filled the air.

"One late stage Eight-star Fighting Immortal and two middle-stage Eight-star Fighting Immortals really look down on us hahaha!"

"The funeral of the ten thousand demons!" The ten thousand demon king snorted coldly, and countless green demonic energy rose up into the sky, turning into countless ferocious monsters of different shapes. Without any explanation, he shot directly at the three people in front of him!

The energy contained in it turned out to be an uneasy feeling in the scarlet realm of the Blood Demon King!

"Go!" As soon as the strike fell, the entire scarlet realm became swaying, and the Ten Thousand Demon King snorted.

And because the Blood Demon King did not expect such a sudden attack from the Ten Thousand Demon King, he could only resist his attack for a while.

"Crash!" The Ten Thousand Flower Demon King and the Earth Rhino Demon King looked at each other with a solemn expression. They immediately carried the figure behind their backs. With the help of the cover of the Ten Thousand Demon King's offensive, they jumped down from the sky and faced the unusually eerie creature below. off the cliff.

That is the Xieyue Cliff, and the depths of the Xieyue Cliff is the Demon Suppression Prison.