Chapter 156: Fourier!

"Fourier!"

"Come out for this old man!" Hu Du was also very carefree, obviously he was still a long way from the door, and then he shouted.

"Haha, who am I to be yelling at the door of the person in charge, so it's Hu Du, you old man." A haggard-faced middle-aged man also came out of the door, and said to Hu Du, There was a hint of sarcasm in the voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The middle-aged man also knew that Hu Du and their general manager were brothers from the same sect.

"Get out of the way!" Hu Du apparently ignored the ridicule of the middle-aged man, and said to the person blocking the road.

"Oh, why did you come back at the end this time, the old man? All the people we brought in have already completed the test yesterday, so your group is the only one left." The haggard-faced middle-aged man said.

The middle-aged man who blocked the way was Shen Yue, and he was also a messenger who was in charge of fetching other places on the Xuanling Continent, but there was some friction with Hu Du during the fetching process before. Being taught by Hu Du and thus losing face, he confronted Hu Du everywhere.

After all, Hu Du was a peak powerhouse of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, and his Shen Yue was only in the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, so he was one head shorter than Hu Du.

"It doesn't hurt to stand and talk!" Hu Du is also a person with vicious eyes. Seeing Shen Yue so plain, after thinking about it, the person in charge will definitely not let Shen Yue know about the disappearance. He calmed down and replied calmly.

"On the edge of the Xuanling Continent, some of the places are just backcountry. What kind of talented people can come out? It seems that this time you are running for nothing." Shen Yue also said with a smile.

Shen Yue's words just fell, when he saw the grudges of the nine people behind the old Hu Du suddenly exuding, and then he shook his head. , but the strongest is only the peak of the Samsung Dou Di, such a strength is not even a third-class talent.

"If you can't produce someone with extraordinary talent, you won't have to worry about it."

"Since things are done, let's go." Hu Du also turned to look at the nine people behind him, and then said.

"Old Hu Du, the person in charge is too busy right now, so he might not be able to see you." Shen Yue also frowned.

"Do you still want to suffer from flesh and blood!" Hu Du was too lazy to pay attention to this Shen Yue, and his terrifying fighting spirit was exuding.

"You!" Hearing the mention of the past, Shen Yue's face also showed a trace of displeasure, apparently because he was afraid of this Hu Du.

"Let's see!" After speaking, he also left the door, and then he didn't forget to curse a few words before leaving.

"Hahaha, I knew it was you, Hu!" The doorway that was blocked by Shen Yue suddenly shook violently, and then everyone saw a middle-aged man in a robe appearing out of thin air.

"After all, no one will do this except you at my door." After the middle-aged man appeared, he put one hand on Hu Du's shoulder, and then slowly smiled at Hu Du. Obviously, the relationship between the two is also Very good, and then the huge grudge on Hu Du was slowly withdrawn from his body.

"Tear space?"

"Six-star Dou Di strong?" Xiao Yan also exclaimed when he saw this.

After all, in this Doudi Continent, in order to tear apart the space, apart from using some very rare divine weapons, it is only possible to achieve it with strength.

Looking at this high-spirited middle-aged man, there seems to be no other fluctuations in his body, so Xiao Yan is absolutely certain that this person in front of him is a genuine six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse!

"You and Shen Yue really do this every time." The middle-aged man also laughed.

"This is our chief executive here, Wu Jiang." Mo Chen also hurriedly introduced to everyone.

Everyone hears the words and greets them with respect.

"It's good to be back, is the road going well?" Wu Jiang also asked.

"It's still like that, it's just that it took a little too long to come and go." Hu Du also responded with a smile.

"I told you not to go anywhere, but you didn't listen..." Wu Jiang also shook his head and said.

"Isn't Yueyu there? I just happened to drop by to see him."

"After all, we parted back then, but we haven't been together for a long time." Hu Du also looked at Yueru and said.

"Yueyu seems to have another daughter, and she's not too young. I don't know what's going on now..." Wu Jiang also looked at the sky and said.

"Nuo, isn't that right?" Hu Du pointed slightly, pointing to where Yueru was.

"This breath..." Wu Jiang also frowned and sensed the breath on Yueru's body.

"The younger generation has seen Uncle Wu, and has long heard of his father's two life-threatening friends, Uncle Hu and Uncle Wu." Yueru also spoke wisely to Wu Jiang.

"Hey hey, it turns out that you are the daughter of Yueyu, no wonder I said the aura on your body is a little familiar." Wu Jiang said with a smile.

"Is your father alright? I heard that he was attacked by monsters before, but his strength was not moving forward..." Wu Jiang said.

"I went to Qingcheng under his control. His injury is also healed, and his current strength is also in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Di." Hu Du smiled.

"That's good. The three of us parted ways that day, but we haven't seen each other for many years. When I'm done working here, I'll find him to drink him for three days and three nights." Wu Jiang also smiled bitterly.

Yueru also responded with a smile.

Everyone looked at Yueru, but they didn't expect that this seemingly small Yue family had something to do with these two.

"Don't look at me, these are my father's affairs, and he seldom tells me." Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's surprised eyes, Yue Ru also tried her best to explain it for fear of being misunderstood.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan was also dumbfounded and then looked at Hu Du and Wu Jiang.

"Come in and talk about something." After a brief exchange between the two, Wu Jiang also found that Hu Du's expression was not very good, and it was obvious that there was something important, and said.

"Yeah." Hu Du replied.

"Mo Chen, take them down to test."

"Then report the results to me."

"This group of people seems to have good seedlings." Wu Jiang also glanced at the nine people in front of him, and then said to Mo Chen.

Everyone was swept away by Wu Jiang's seemingly simple gaze, but their bodies were slightly shocked, as if they had been probed completely.

"Yes." Mo Chen also respectfully said.

"Follow me, everyone." Mo Chen also said to Jiu Ren.

Hearing that, the nine people also followed Mo Chen away and went to the testing place. As for the missing persons, it is obviously not something they can worry about.

"What did the missing person say?" Hu Du also said straight to the point when he saw everyone leaving and only himself and Wu Jiang were left in the house.

"The missing people this time seems a bit strange. According to the people below, the number of people who are in charge of receiving and guiding in our base is all in full. At the same time, they also saw them get off the ferry."

"And we have people here who are in charge of patrolling the whole process. From the ferry boat to the test square, it's really strange that they just disappeared out of thin air."

Ask for recommendation collection