Chapter 277: The point looting competition is over, leave the corpse forest!

"Stop him, absolutely can't let him escape!"

"He devoured the soul of the twin ghost emperors!" The Nine Soul Monument roared angrily.

So many of them finally killed the twin ghost emperors. As long as their souls are brought back and handed over to the superpowers of Xuan Santian to deal with, then the twin ghost emperors will not turn over!

Hu Du, Wu Jiang Xiaoyue and Jiuhun Monument also nodded, and then slowly surrounded the secluded spring and Hongye!

"Come on!"

"We are not their opponents!" Youquan also uttered the last sentence, trying his best to suppress the backlash of the twin ghost emperors' souls in his body!

It is not an easy task to devour the souls of the twin ghost emperors. If it weren't for the fact that there were too many strong human beings here, Youquan would definitely not choose to directly devour this extremely unsafe method.

So now I am doing my best to suppress the backlash of the twin ghost emperors' souls, otherwise, once it is backlashed, Youquan will also be controlled by the twin ghost emperors' souls and become the evil twin ghost emperors just now!

"Go!" Hongye also knew that the two of them would definitely not be the opponent's opponent at this time, and then his eyes sank slightly, and then the terrifying space shattered instantly. At the same time, the space of the entire Infernal Corpse Forest was broken. Come.

"Let's go!" Hongye didn't hesitate either, supporting the secluded spring and disappearing in this corpse forest.

"Damn..."

"There is actually such a hand..."

"This Infernal Corpse Forest is also a stronghold in the ghost world. I didn't expect them to be willing to detonate the space here..." The Nine Souls Monument also said viciously.

"Stop chasing, the space of this corpse forest is about to collapse, let's take these players out first." Chang Yu's voice appeared in the mind of the Nine Soul Monument.

When several people heard the words, they had no choice but to do it, but they didn't expect it to come back without success in the end.

"Damn..."

"Sure enough, it's still a wrong move..." The Nine Souls Monument also said indignantly, obviously something went wrong in the last step of subduing the twin ghost emperors.

"Shabu Shabu!"

"Wujiang, Hu Du, take the people away!" Chang Yu suddenly triggered a grudge in his body, forming two space passages in the corpse forest that was facing the collapse.

This mysterious restriction that can only be entered but not out of the corpse forest was also instantly disintegrated when the twin ghost emperors were killed by Xiao Yan.

But I have to say that the twin ghost emperors were so terrified that they didn't even know how they were killed by Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan's terrifying lotus of annihilation attacked Yin Xie's body abruptly, but with the strength of the twin ghost emperors, eighth-rank ghost emperors, it was not enough to kill him.

It's just that the mysterious power of the soul-devouring talisman exploded suddenly when the lotus of annihilation touched the twin ghost emperors, and then turned into a huge force of restraint, suppressing the twin ghost emperors to death. , At the same time, the terrifying power of the lotus of annihilation was also swept away instantly, so the twin ghost emperors did not have time to use any means, and they were said to be killed!

However, this cannot be blamed for the arrogance of the twin ghost emperor Yinxie. After all, even if Yinxie died, he would not know that that power was the power of the evil soldiers in the ghost world.

Among the twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world, their rarity is comparable to that of holy flame, so it is no wonder that the twin ghost emperors would end up like this.

Until this time, the twin ghost emperors Yinxie also completely fell!

Ghosts in the ghost world are different from humans. The ghost world is basically a dead soul body, so after falling, it becomes a soul!

There is a fighting spirit in the human body, and a death can also condense the power of the soul to escape, so as to find an opportunity to "resurrection"!

Most of the ghosts in the ghost world come from this way.

It's just that after the ghost emperor fell, for some reason, it condensed into a trace of soul, and that soul is the symbol of the ghost emperor!

This is also the fall of the twin ghost emperors without a real meaning, because as long as there is a ghost emperor's soul, it will not be long before a ghost emperor will emerge in Du.

As for the ghost emperor's soul, the powerhouses of the super sect of Xuan Santian have also worked together to study it, but they haven't found a way to destroy it.

"This point grabbing competition is over, everyone, come with me!" Hu Du took the lead in saying, and then his voice spread throughout every participating disciple.

As Hu Du's voice fell, the eyes of countless people on the ground also turned to Xiao Yan, who was a little weak in the sky.

Because they all knew that if Xiao Yan didn't turn the tide in the end of this point grabbing competition, then their consequences would be extremely tragic.

"Shabu Shabu!" Everyone on the ground also looked at each other, and without hesitation, Dou Qi instantly emerged, and then headed towards the second passage!

The point grabbing competition is over, and the rest is to choose the sect...

"Let's go too, Xiao Yan and the others should keep the broken ones." Luo Guang also said slightly, and then Luo Guang also saw Mu Feng and Yue Ru flying straight into the sky.

They are also clear that the biggest beneficiaries of this point plundering competition are several people in the sky, but there is nothing to be unconvinced, because without them, the people at this time of terror have become the mouths of the twin ghost emperors. Remnant.

"Shabu Shabu!" The second space continued to have the contestants escape in an orderly manner.

"Let's go too." Xiao Yan also said in a low voice, now that his body has already entered the state where the lamp is exhausted, but fortunately he succeeded.

"This kid..." Xiaoyue also looked at each other and smiled.

"At the beginning, I just had similar interests. I didn't expect you to save my life today." Xiaoyue also laughed.

"Xiaoyue, you have worked so hard for you all these years. From now on, you have regained your freedom." After the Nine Souls Monument finished speaking, a milky white light flashed on Xiaoyue's body and then said it was annihilated.

"I've been waiting for this day for a long time." Xiaoyue also said with a smile, and then greeted Xiao Yan and left calmly, but before leaving, she still asked Xiao Yan to cancel the previous agreement, and Xiaoyue also found it. There are other ways to save the Silver Blue Thunder Wolf King, so there is no need to trouble Xiao Yan. So far, the transaction between Xiaoyue and Xiao Yan has been cancelled, but the two have become good friends.

"This time, thank you so much!" Chang Yu also said to Xiao Yan in a loving voice.

"Senior, you're polite..." Xiao Yan also said politely. When Xiao Yan turned to look at Mu Yingying before, he found that Mu Yingying was staring at him constantly, as if she was looking for something.

But I have to say that Mu Yingying is also quite charming under careful observation.

"Hey, let's go." Xiao Yan said to Mu Yingying, and then he no longer hesitated, and left with a few people around him to face the space. At this time, the Infernal Corpse Forest was also close to collapsing.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying replied softly, and then with a wave of her beautiful ponytails, she took the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger to catch up with Xiao Yan and the others.

"I really don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing to lose the souls of the twin ghost emperors." Chang Yu murmured, and then disappeared in the corpse forest. With the disappearance of Chang Yu, the corpse forest also completely collapsed. In the future, There is also no place for the Infernal Grove.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That kid Yinxie was killed by humans just after breaking through the seal..."

"A pretentious ghost emperor, it's really ridiculous." A slender figure in the "immortal" seat also said in a distant place.

The figure above the "Xian" seat is filled with ghostly energy, but its aura is much stronger than the evil spirits.

Ask for tickets!