Chapter 470: Battle situation!

"You two, grab that guy with a heavy ruler on his back for me." The next moment, the Snake Guard team leader spoke slowly, and the unquestionable coercion in that voice instantly made the two Snake Guards surrender slightly.

"But... Captain, the other humans belong to a seven-star Dou Emperor and two six-star Dou Emperors, so it would be too dangerous?" One of the snake guards asked worriedly.

"I can handle it!" A cold snort emanated from the Snake Guard squad leader.

"Let's go!" The two snake guards also understood that the pride of the team leader was not easy to question, and they looked at each other immediately, then turned into two rays of energy, and walked away to the few people in the deep poisonous miasma!

It's just that when the two snake guards came into contact with the emerald-colored hurricane, there was no difference at all, as if they were passing through the water with ease!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It seems that there should be some secrets on them..."

"Brother Wu Yu, are the two Snake Guards in the late six-star Dou Di, do you have a good grasp?" Xiao Yan turned his head and said to the scarred man.

"It's easy to defeat them, but it's a little harder to catch them. After all, this is a desert, and for these snake people living in the desert, it's like a duck in water."

"And I also have to protect one of you...cough, cough, if there are three of you, you won't have much control." The scarred man thought carefully and then said.

"You don't need to worry about the three of us, you just need to concentrate on dealing with those two snake guards." Xiao Yan said softly, but he did not hesitate at all because of the words of the scarred man. After all, the scarred man was also trying to protect Xiao Yan and the others.

"As for the poisonous miasma and the hurricane, leave it to me." Xiao Yi said cheerfully, and then took a step directly, a flame burning in her eyes.

"Don't reveal your strength..." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Yes." Xiao Yi replied, then jumped up directly, hovering above the air, and an extremely hot flame was continuously released from her body.

With the emergence of Xiao Yi's flame power, many people found some clues.

"Why is the power of flame on Xiao Yi similar to the power of flame on Xiao Yan?"

"Is it an illusion?" Mu Yingying raised her head slightly and looked at Xiao Yi.

"The flame on this human body is definitely not simple!" The red lips of the snake guard squad leader on the side moved slightly, and a voice came out.

Since that Xiao Yi took off into the sky, in the hurricane that was already covered with poisonous miasma, the poisonous miasma was slowly forced back a lot, obviously because he was afraid of the power of flames on Xiaoyi!

"You better take care of yourself!" At the next moment, a cold snort appeared beside the Snake Guard team leader.

With the appearance of this voice, three completely different forces appeared beside the Snake Guard team leader!

A white vindictive, a silver vindictive, a green vindictive!

The white fighting qi with a ferocious momentum approached the Snake Guard squad leader. As for the silver fighting qi, it was filled with the power of lightning, and traces of lightning were constantly flowing. Obviously, the destructive power was amazing!

As for the green grudge, it has a very flexible feeling, constantly restraining the whereabouts of the Snake Guard squad leader.

"The tacit understanding of the three of you, the combination of terror and the power of the three, is worth fighting against the powerhouses in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Di..." The Snake Guard team leader said as he retreated.

"The movement of this Medusa Snake Guard squad leader is really terrifying. He can actually turn a hidden power eight-star Dou Emperor and two six-star Dou Emperor around." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Shabu!" Just when Xiao Yan was paying attention to the Tang Tang people in the battle, the other two Medusa snake guards suddenly appeared in the poisonous miasma, and then condensed dozens of feet in front of them. The giant energy snake opened its huge mouth, revealing its extremely sharp fangs, and roared towards Xiao Yan and the others!

"Really think I don't exist?" Facing the attack of the giant energy snakes, the scarred man snorted coldly, letting the latter cold air appear, and instantly smashed the two giant energy snakes away.

"Ice attribute vindictiveness?" The two Medusa snake guards suddenly exclaimed when they saw this.

"I didn't expect this scarred man to hide so deeply..."

"Ordinary people's fighting qi all belong to the five attributes of metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. Although some new attributes have been born with the continuous research of human beings on fighting qi, this ice attribute is extremely rare."

"Here, this ice attribute has a lot of advantages over snake people, it's just the desert here." Xiao Yan's analysis was straightforward.

Seeing this, the two snake guards bit their lips, and then their speed skyrocketed, attacking Xiao Yan from left to right!

"You really don't take me seriously!" The scarred man snorted coldly, and then a terrifying ice-cold fighting spirit emerged instantly!

When this icy fighting qi emerged, many ice threads appeared on the scarred man's body.

Xiao Yan also felt that the surrounding temperature had suddenly dropped a lot, obviously because of the vindictiveness of the scarred man!

"Boom boom boom!" The two snake guards are worthy of being the elite troops of the Medusa clan. They came to face Xiao Yan, and they kept changing their whereabouts along the way, leaving the scarred man nowhere to attack!

"Finger of Bingtian!" The scarred man shouted loudly, and then the icy aura that slowly surrounded his body suddenly gathered at his fingertips.

With a sound of "Bang!", an earth-shattering gleam instantly appeared on the scarred man's finger!

Zhimang just appeared, ice cubes continued to emerge around it, and white chills kept attaching to it, and then the sky-shattering Zhimang rushed towards one of the two snake guards!

As for the other, the scarred man moved his figure instantly and attacked the other.

"The strength of this man with a scar is not to be underestimated." Xiao Yan said slowly, and then stared at several battles.

"Boom boom boom!" As the main attack, Tang Tang has been attacking, but what makes Tang Tang quite uncomfortable is that whenever he is about to attack the snake guard squad leader, an invisible soul force can always be in crisis. It appeared at all times, so Tang Tang was quite puzzled.

As for the coyote and the lone wolf, the two cooperated with Tang Tang to attack the snake guard squad leader.

"Damn human beings, actually so strong... If I continue to squander like this, I'm afraid that the soul power in my body will be exhausted by these people, and then I will be in trouble..."

"Let's withdraw first..." At the next moment, although the pride of the team leader was extremely unacceptable, the Snake Guard team leader found that they were already at a disadvantage at this time. miserable!

Just when the Medusa Snake Guard team leader hesitated, a shocking explosion sounded in the sky, and then the emerald-colored hurricane was like a piece of white paper, and it was instantly burned or burned!

"Retreat!" Medusa Snake snorted coldly, and then looked at the few people in front of him unwillingly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Medusa's team leader was extremely fast, and Tang Tang and several others also had reservations, so they didn't pursue them deeply.

As for the other two snake guards, one was already in a state of embarrassment under the scarred man's terrifying fingers, and some ice threads on his body were looming, revealing some extremely attractive parts.

"Let's go!" The other snake guard's breath suddenly soared, and then he broke free from the attack of the scarred man in an instant, and directly took those snake guards into a snake shadow and escaped from here.

"Come on!"

"Someone's here!" Xiao Yan shouted suddenly and without hesitation, he immediately went deeper!

Seeing this, the others were puzzled, but they followed Xiao Yan's pace the next moment. After all, many people had reservations about this battle, so they didn't use much power.

"I heard that the Temple of Medusa is near the desert. I hope there will be no strong snake people." Tang Tang said slightly, then moved his pace and disappeared here.

With the departure of everyone, this space returned to calm, but some poisonous miasmas and flames were still slowly burning and floating.