Chapter Vol 4 2082: In the late stage of the 8-star Fighting Immortals, the evil dragon of ice and fire!

The latest website: "Pfft!" Seeing this appearance, Xiao Yan's figure suddenly retreated, his feet directly on the Linghai, looking at the bottomless abyss in the center of the Linghai, a scalp tingling palpitations swept across. out!

"Lingzixi?" After a while, in the abyss of the vortex of Linghai, Lingzixi and other ancient races' favored sons also emerged, but they were extremely embarrassed as if they were thrown out by someone, Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed when he saw this. Move up and pick up Ling Zixi.

"Xiao...Xiao Yan, hurry up!"

"The monster below is too powerful!" Ling Zixi's breath was quite weak, a trace of bright red blood overflowed from the corner of his mouth, and his pale face was obviously seriously injured.

"What the **** is going on?" Xiao Yan took a look and found that not only the Spiritual Race, but other ancient races, such as the Thunder Race, the Stone Race, etc., were also thrown out of the sky, only Hunmu and Yaoyi No trace of dust.

"Yan Xuan and Shen Hong were originally planning to deal with you together on the grounds of joining forces, but they seem to have discovered a huge treasure in the depths of the Linghai Sea. They cheated and angered the guardian beast in advance." Ling Zi Xi's breath recovered a little, and said in a deep voice.

"Bang bang bang!" Before the sound fell, hundreds of figures emerged from the vortex of the spiritual sea one after another, and one after another monstrous waves swept out uncontrollably. Waves emerged from the vortex of the Spirit Sea.

"Boom!" The behemoth roared, and the water flow all over its body wrapped around its body, a huge shadow enveloped most of the spiritual sea, and the vast and violent aura spread out, making the hearts of countless strong men tense, and a wave of death sprouted. out.

"What kind of creature is this?" Xiao Yan resisted this extremely terrifying depression, his eyes locked tightly on the behemoth that appeared, and he lost his voice.

"Hooho!" Ignoring the doubts of Xiao Yan and the others, huge waves were rolling over and over, and the entire Linghai surface was wriggling like boiling lava.

"This kind of breath... It seems to have surpassed the ordinary late stage powerhouses of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, the two **** Yan Xuan and Shen Hong!" Seeing this scene, Shi Wushuang and Lei Luochen looked at each other with hatred in their eyes. It looked very gloomy.

Their plan was to first bring Xiao Yan to justice and enter the spirit sea to collect medicinal materials. If the two of them hadn't changed temporarily, how could this situation have arisen?

"Hoohoo... good guy."

"It's actually a monster known for its ferocity, the Evil Dragon of Ice and Fire!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but say when the water waves surrounding the behemoth's body slowly disappeared.

Looking up, the two huge heads were swaying, one was lingering with endless flames, the other was filled with endless ice threads, and on top of his body, the incomparably thick blue-brown dragon scales combined his flames and ice. The perfect combination of power has a terrifying defensive power. The sharp dragon claws on the claws are like a sharp blade, which is enough to smash any weapon.

Even if it was just such a glance, Xiao Yan could smell a truly awe-inspiring fluctuation from this guy. This level of magical beast is probably a bit stronger than the late-stage Eight-Star Dou Xian from the ancient race, not to mention It is also a dragon.

"Crash!" With a sound, countless sea waters, like an upside-down sky, slanted down directly from the sky over the Linghai Sea, and roared away at the embarrassed crowd below. The fierce attack power, even the space was shaking violently. write.

"Cough!" Just as the sky and the sea were about to attack everyone, a pitch-black chain and a giant cauldron with a green glow descended from the sky, and two figures with sluggish breath stood among them.

"The strength of these two guys should not be underestimated." Xiao Yan said solemnly in front of Yao Yichen and Hun Mu's joint action to dispel the attack of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon.

"Brother, are you all right?" Just after the attack was lifted, the two bodies fell directly, and a few people below quickly caught it, Yao Yixuan couldn't help but asked with a crying expression on his face.

"I... we're fine, but this guy is too strong, exhausted the strength of both of us, and didn't repel him." Yao Yichen slowly closed his eyes and said ashamed.

At the beginning, Yao Yichen entered the ceremony with the determination to win, but with Xiao Yan's performance one after another, coupled with his sister Yao Yixuan's enlightenment, he became calm about the outcome, and then he took the initiative to make peace with him. After the soul was broken, he covered many pharmacists to retreat from the spiritual sea, otherwise, without the two of them, these weak alchemists would have been dying.

"Xiao Yan... I have never admired anyone in my life, you are my first, so I..." Hun Mu on the side stood up forcibly, his eyes constantly on the ice and fire evil dragon and Xiao Yan above the sea of ​​​​spirits Wandering, resolutely said.

"If you have any last words, let's keep the alchemy comparison." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly when he heard the words. Immediately, hot amber flames appeared all over his body, forming a flame storm to protect everyone.

For some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that the people from the Soul Clan and the people from the Soul Palace were two completely different species.

"That guy is very strong, I'll go with you." At this moment, the Ice Soul Evil Dragon Shenwei is unmatched, but Yao Yixuan said with a blushing heartbeat, she knew the danger this time, but now here Apart from Xiao Yan, there are not many people with fighting power. If they are hiding, I am afraid that they are all likely to be buried here.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan did not say a word, and directly condensed the amber flame into two fire clouds, carrying Yao Yixuan towards the position of the ice and fire evil dragon.

"The ice and fire evil dragon has two heads. With the cooperation of one ice and one fire, it is an invincible existence among the human powerhouses of the same level, and I can't know its weaknesses."

"However, I can resist its fire attribute head for ten seconds. Within ten seconds, all its flame power will be ineffective against you, and you can only rely on you for the rest." Above the fire clouds, the profound soul power in the body was mobilized, but this way of operating the soul power was something Xiao Yan had never heard of.

"Ice and Fire Evil Dragon... It's just a monster with weak dragon blood." Xiao Yan nodded at Yao Yixuan, and then his eyes flashed with madness.

As the distance got closer, the oppression that Xiao Yan and the two felt became more and more tyrannical. He raised his head slightly, and looked at the ice and fire evil dragon entrenched in the vortex of the abyss of the Spirit Sea It was two monsters. With his head slightly out of the water, he stared at everyone with a contemptuous expression, as if he was looking down at an ant. Then, except for the two heads, there were all blue-brown scales on his body. These scales contained the power of ice and fire, and the entire body was covered with fire. The body was completely wrapped up, revealing an extremely terrifying shocking power from top to bottom.

That's its pride.

The dragon clan is the top of the spiritual food chain, and anyone who has a slight relationship with it cannot escape this innate sense of superiority.

"Let's do it!" Xiao Yan sneered, and covered the flame to protect Yao Yixuan's mysterious power, and the endless flames on his body were like a rising sun, shining with endless brilliance.

At this moment, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon slowly remembered something in the contemptuous eyes, and even from Xiao Yan's body, it really smelled a terrifying power.

That is also the power of the Dragon Clan, but the Dragon Clan's breath contained in it is a hundred times more tyrannical than himself!

full book