Chapter Vol 4 1207: Enter Ice and Fire Island

The terrain of Shawu Village is unique, but on the altar with a radius of 100 meters, it seems to have some special energy, which keeps pouring out, giving everyone a bone-chilling cold and an extremely hot burning sensation.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With the departure of the ice sinner, everyone closed their eyes and rested, recovering the power consumed by the battle.

The night quietly approached.

"It seems that everyone has recovered almost." Yu Yifeng stood up first, looked around the crowd, and found that everyone's strength had almost recovered, so he said.

"It's almost there." Everyone said slightly.

"The tunnel in the center of this altar, how can there be a force of ice and fire blowing..." Xiao Yan glanced around slowly, and found that the tunnel in the center of the altar was not the same as usual, but it was full of strangeness at this time. The power of that kind of power is like the combination of ice and fire, even if Xiao Yan is carrying holy flames, he still feels a chill.

"The tunnel in the center of the altar is the entrance to Icefire Island." Yu Yifeng said, seeming to sense Xiao Yan's doubts.

"The creature that needs me to use my soul power to resist is in the Ice and Fire Island?" Xiao Yan asked.

"good."

"This Ice and Fire Island has a total of ten floors, and each floor is guarded by a guardian. Only by defeating the guardian of the upper floor can you enter the next floor." Yu Yifeng smiled.

"Then let's go." Xiao Yan nodded and said softly, obviously he would not ask their purpose thankfully.

"Then, this is Ice Fire Grass."

"Now the entrance of Icefire Island appears, but the power of ice and fire is extraordinarily fearful."

"Using your own fighting qi to refine the ice and fire grass, it will form an enchantment on your body, and the enchantment is used to resist the erosion of the power of ice and fire."

"With this thing, we can reach the inside of Icefire Island without any pressure." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, Na Jie slowly turned, and plants were thrown directly at the crowd.

"Is this the Ice Fire Grass..." Xiao Yan took this thing and found that the Ice Fire Grass was an ordinary plant, with roots and leaves like ordinary plants.

"Pfft." Xiao Yan was also too lazy to pay attention to it, and his fighting qi immediately emerged, instantly refining the ice and fire grass.

"Crash!" The refining of ice and fire grass is quite simple. It took just one breath to be refined by Xiao Yan, and then a touch of soft power slowly surrounded Xiao Yan. With the isolation of this power, Xiao Yan suddenly felt When he arrived, the power that emerged from the tunnel greatly reduced the pressure on him.

"Let's go." Seeing that everyone was enveloped in a soft barrier, Yu Yifeng immediately laughed.

"Let's go!" Everyone came to the deep pit of the altar, and immediately glanced at the bottom, and the bottom was bottomless.

"Pfft." Yu Yifeng took the lead and jumped directly into it. Immediately after seeing this, other people followed suit.

"What a terrifying energy coercion." Just as he poured into the deep pit of the altar, a dark passage suddenly appeared in everyone's sight.

"Ice and Fire Island, I really miss it."

"I don't know if the old guys on the first and second floors are okay." Just as he poured into this passage, the Lord of Soul Eater laughed slowly, as if he was about to meet an old friend whom he hadn't seen for many years.

"Senior, do you still know the guys on the first and second floors of Icefire Island?" Xiao Yan listened to Soul Eater's understatement, but his heart was extremely shocked.

In this Ice and Fire Island, the pressure given to him by the tenth floor alone made Xiao Yan a little difficult, not to mention the guys on the first and second floors of the Ice and Fire Island.

"Although I am the king of Soul Eater Realm, when I was young, I went to many places, such as the ghost world, the demon world, the human world... I can say without hesitation, I have traveled to many places."

"The guys on the first and second floors of the Ice and Fire Island are very terrifying, but they are worth fighting for," said Soul Eater.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, obviously with the strength of their team, it was impossible to enter the first and second floors, and according to Xiao Yan's estimation, even entering the eighth floor would not be enough.

"Don't worry, there's my old buddy here, how could I let you play?"

"If you don't grow up quickly, this is..." The Soul Eater finally let out a malicious laugh.

"Sisi." When Xiao Yan was talking with the Master of Soul Eater, Yu Yifeng suddenly said.

"The front is the place where the power of ice and fire is the most serious. Although there is the protection of the ice and fire grass, everyone still needs to be careful." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, his figure flashed and disappeared directly here.

"Crash!" With a sound, the dark passage disappeared out of thin air, and in its place was a huge crater!

In the crater, the molten lava shot in all directions, and the power of flame contained in it made everyone's scalp numb, and the surroundings of the crater were completely wrapped by countless cold ice!

And the people who disappeared from the dark passage now stand impressively at the top of the crater.

"I've heard how amazing Icefire Island is, but when I saw it today, it's actually a strange place where an active volcano is wrapped in countless ice." Liu Qing said slowly.

"Come in!" Everyone left the dark passage at this time and stood at the top of the crater.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the voice fell, Yu Yifeng shot directly at the crater.

"What are you thinking, keep up." Xiao Yan consciously stopped, then looked at Yu Xiaoye restlessly, patted his shoulder, and said with a smile.

"Oh..." Yu Xiaoye agreed slightly, then followed the army.

"Sisi... What a mighty power of ice and fire..." Just after descending some distance, he could immediately feel the enormous power of ice and fire covering his entire body!

Even with the protection of the ice and fire grass, it still makes everyone feel a rather serious oppression. "Xiao Yan thought while flying slowly with the power of ice and fire.

"Think beautifully?"

"This power of ice and fire is highly poisonous. If I stay here for a long time, I'm afraid I will become an idiot sooner or later." Xiao Yan's words attracted the eyes of the Soul Eater.

"Be vigilant, we will enter the interior of Ice and Fire Island soon."

"Ice and Fire Island is extremely dangerous, remember, no matter what you see, you can't get it!" Yu Yifeng still didn't forget to explain.

"Okay." Everyone nodded.

"Feng Shu, let's go!" The next moment, Yu Yifeng's body was full of wind-type fighting qi, and then dispersed towards the body of everyone.

Crash!

The guy who had lost his direction at first was hit by Jade Legacy, and immediately landed at the crater.

Fortunately, they have the protection of ice and fire grass, otherwise the power of ice and fire outside the island of ice and fire alone would be enough to wipe out their entire army.

"Susu..."

"What a strong fluctuation... This power seems a little familiar..."

"Devouring?"

"It looks like an old buddy is here." When everyone just fell into the interior of Icefire Island, there were some unfriendly fluctuations in the first and second floors at the bottom of Icefire Island.

That kind of fluctuation is much more powerful than the ice sinner in the late Samsung Dou Xian!