Chapter 81: 0 year appointment!

Although Xiao Yan had long known from his master Jinlong King that this emperor's blood essence, Su Xueying, was inevitable, when Su Xueying said this, she couldn't help but have a black line.

Starting from defeating the seven guardians, the two of them absorbed the troubles caused by the black and white yin and yang hearts respectively. After they got the terrifying skeleton in the stone room, imagine that this was the result of their joint efforts, but in the end, it was cheaper for Su Xueying and Xiao. Yan also sank his eyes.

"Um?"

Xiao Yan, who was originally aching, was also overjoyed when he heard that Su Xueying took away the blood of the emperor but had to make an agreement with herself.

Why are there no traces of the Xiao Clan on the Dou Di Continent?

And what is Su Xueying and the others guarding?

The unsolved mysteries have always puzzled Xiao Yan, and now hearing Su Xueying say this, she can't help but turn her head and stare at her.

She must know something!

"What is the relationship between you and my family?" Xiao Yan also asked passionately. If he knew the reason, it would be much easier to walk in Dou Di Continent, and he wouldn't be like a headless fly.

"Sorry, I can't tell you this for now." Su Xueying also refused directly.

"Sure enough, it still doesn't work..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself, and then his fiery gaze also subsided.

"Then what is the agreement you're talking about?" Xiao Yan also returned to normal and said to Su Xueying.

"Although the master said that if I meet someone who has the lines on your forehead when I go out, I will bring it back to the family at all costs, and we will protect the extremely important things and return them to your hands." Su Xueying said slightly. At that moment, the blood-red blood essence that was lying quietly on her jade hand was also collected into a jade bottle by her, and the blood-red essence and blood seemed to be lying in the jade bottle very well-behaved.

After doing all this, Su Xueying continued.

"However, the things we are guarding involve too much, and you can't fight against it at the moment..." Su Xueying also wrinkled her beautiful eyes slightly, although saying this does have some blows to Xiao Yan, but the fact is that he is still too weak , some things are still unknown.

"Damn it! Then what do you mean!" Xiao Yan also said angrily.

What kind of medicine does Su Xueying sell in the gourd? She used to have the strength to suppress Xiao Yan before, and now she has taken away the blood of the emperor alone. The mystery between her and her Xiao clan has not been explained clearly, and Xiao Yan is indeed a little angry.

Su Xueying also seemed to have noticed Xiao Yan's sudden change in face, and then spoke up.

"However, I believe that those who can be recognized as masters by the fire elves are definitely not mediocre."

"It's a hundred years, and a hundred years from now. If you reach Dou Immortal, you have the strength to protect that thing. You can burn this lotus leaf to call me, and I will take you. Go back, let you know everything you want to know, and let you take back what belongs to you."

"If you don't reach it, then it means that you don't have the ability to protect it. I will naturally carry that thing for you, and you will continue to be your prodigal son." Su Xueying said that the green lotus platform that her jade feet stepped on is a lotus. Ye, then flew straight towards Xiao Yan.

Taking the lotus leaf, an icy feeling hit, and then it was carefully placed into the ring, as if she was carefully looking at what Su Xueying said.

The lifespan of a normal person is 100 years, excluding birth, old age, sickness and death, and the lifespan of a strong Dou Di is also quite long, a hundred years is only one-fifth, and the appearance of a strong Dou Di will also last until it reaches 400. It will only age after a few years. Emperor Dou has a long lifespan of five hundred years. It is said that the lifespan of breaking through Dou Immortal will increase to a thousand years.

In a hundred years, it would be enough for a normal person to break through four or five stars on the basis of the original Dou Di, but this is only for normal people.

It is quite difficult to improve each level of a Dou Di powerhouse. It can take a few years in the short term and decades in the long run. Xiao Yan's current strength is the peak of the three-star Dou Di, and he is still quite a distance away from that Dou Xian. the distance.

As a result, the one-hundred-year agreement is only one-fifth of the time for the Dou Di strong, but it will soon pass.

Xiao Yan is only in his thirties now. Even after a hundred years, he still looks like a young man, which is a good time for cultivation.

"Why don't you just promise her, Xiao Yanzi, you should also know that the breakthrough from the peak of Samsung Dou Di to Dou Xian in 100 years is nothing but nonsense to others, but you are different."

"You are practicing Fen Jue! You can make continuous progress with the help of the power of holy flame. This agreement is not too bad." The Golden Dragon King is a dragon family, and the Golden Dragon King has the purest blood power. For him, a hundred years Time is just a nap time.

Hearing what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said, Xiao Yan couldn't help but have black lines all over his head. Sure enough, the lifespan of the demon beasts and dragons is very long...

"How are you thinking?" Su Xueying looked at Xiao Yan whose complexion was constantly changing.

"I promise you!"

"A Hundred Years' Agreement!"

Xiao Yan also looked at Su Xueying with a smile.

Some things must be protected with enough strength This point does not need Su Xueying and her master Jin Longwang to tell Xiao Yan that Xiao Yan also knows that what he has suffered on Doudi Continent does not want to come again!

"Then it's settled." Su Xueying is also happy to see this state, otherwise if Xiao Yan insists on arguing for the blood of the emperor, then a war will inevitably be fought. Although she is not afraid of Xiao Yan, it is always the case. The people of the Xiao clan, even if they are a little weaker.

"Boom boom boom!"

The moment the two of them spoke, the stone room was swaying as if it was about to be stomped.

"In this case, the little girl will take the first step, and there will be a period later." Su Xueying said, the green lotus on her feet also exuded bursts of cyan flames, wrapping Su Xueying, and then she tore out a small space with her hands, a string of smoke. Entering it, he disappeared into the stone room.

"Goodbye, breaking through to Dou Xian in one hundred years, I think it's nonsense. I will naturally shoulder that thing for you." Su Xueying muttered to herself when she entered the space crack.

However, these words were listened to by the Golden Dragon King without a word, and then passed on to Xiao Yan as they were.

"Damn!"

"What about cheating labor and capital?" Xiao Yan was also furious when he heard this.

"Hahaha, Xiao Yanzi, don't worry, I said that you can achieve it if you can. At that time, this arrogant woman will have to re-examine you." The Golden Dragon King also laughed loudly.

Xiao Yan was slightly angry, and then he calmed down after cultivation. A bright smile appeared on his originally ugly face, and he slowly opened his mouth while staring at the place where Su Xueying disappeared.

"Since you think I can't reach it, then I'll show it to you!"

"Thirty years in Hedong and thirty years in Hexi, don't bully the poor!"

"Not to mention a hundred years!"