Chapter Vol 4 1075: Solomon and Soul Clan, all destroyed

This night is obviously a night of insomnia for many strong people, and the Burning Incense Pavilion is late at night, but it is also brightly lit.

"Shabu Shabu!" In the dark night, the breeze was swaying, and a handsome figure was hugging a rather handsome figure and flew directly towards the Fenxiang Pavilion headquarters.

"who!"

"Stop!"

"This is the realm of the Burning Incense Pavilion. If you take a step forward, don't blame me for being rude!" Some figures in charge of patrols looked at the fast and ghostly two and couldn't help saying.

"Go away!" At this time, looking at the person in his arms with such a painful appearance, and even the conspicuous skeleton in his chest, the Poison Sect Sect Master immediately shouted, and then took Fen Tian and jumped into the Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Someone has entered the sect!" The patrolling figure just wanted to send a signal, but was blocked by a familiar figure.

"Go on, don't mention today's affairs to others." Zhu Jin's figure, like a ghost, appeared behind the pair of patrolling men.

"Yes, Elder Zhu." The patrol figure couldn't help saying.

"Let's go." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, he followed directly.

Burning Heaven's residence.

"Poison Sect Master, what's going on?" Poison Sect Sect Master sent Fen Tian back to Fenxiang Pavilion, and then simply dealt with Fen Tian's injuries. Seeing that Fen Tian's pain was reduced a bit, he felt a little relieved. .

"I have something to look for Fen Tian, ​​so I came from the Poison Sect overnight."

"It's just that when I came here, I saw someone blocking Fen Tian."

"Even with Fen Tian's strength, he is still invincible." Poison Sect Master shook his head slightly.

"How many people are there?" Zhu Jin was quite surprised when he heard the words, and said directly.

To know. Fen Tian's current strength is a two-star fighting immortal, not to mention Xuan Santian, I am afraid that he can walk sideways in Xuanling Continent, how can it be...

"One..." The Poison Sect Master hesitated for a while, then said

"what!"

"One?" Hearing Sect Master Poison say so, even Zhu Jin's expression became strange.

"It seems that this time, things don't seem to be as simple as we thought." Poison Sect Master shook his head and said.

"Then the matter of the Eight Sects Destroying Demon Alliance... is it still going on..." Seeing that Fen Tian was so seriously injured, I am afraid that he will not wake up in a while. A super sect with different minds.

"The matter of the Eight Sect Destroying Alliance will naturally take place."

"Fentian's matter, don't spread it out."

"He has worked hard for so many years, this time, let me share his worries for him."

"This time, I will carry the banner." After Sect Master Poison said, he gave Fen Tian a reluctant look.

"Take care of him." After leaving a sentence, the Poison Sect Master turned around and returned to the Poison Sect.

"Burning Heaven..."

"Sure enough, you and Hua Xin are more suitable... I'm just a person with a miserable life."

"Well, let this time the Eight Sects Destroying Demons Alliance repay the kindness of your redemption."

"In this case, both are beautiful, I have repaid your kindness, and I can let you and Hua Xin be together in good terms..."

"I just don't know why my heart hurts so much..." The Poison Sect Master muttered to himself on the way back to the Poison Sect, and his tears slowly flowed down.

The next day, when the first rays of sunlight poured into the earth in the early morning, it heralded the beginning of a beautiful day, but it also symbolized that this was the last day before the Xuanling Royal Family's Demon Extermination Ceremony.

During the past two days, Xiao Yan did not practice cultivation, but got along with the many brothers in the Fenxiang Pavilion, which made Xiao Yan, who had been focusing on cultivation for a while, feel at home.

"Tomorrow will be the day when the Xuanling Royal Family will hold the Demon Extermination Ceremony." Xiao Yan sat in the Heavenly Palace and said with his senior brother and a few others over wine and food.

"Don't worry, Junior Brother, there are Pavilion Masters and the others in these matters, so we don't need to worry about it." Seemingly seeing Xiao Yan's worries, he immediately opened his mouth to comfort him.

"I just don't know why, but I suddenly feel sad."

"Come on, Senior Brother, let's do it!" Xiao Yan also didn't say nonsense, and directly started drinking with Senior Brother.

"Junior Brother Xiao Yi, drink it."

"By the way, why don't you see Brother Long Yi?" The senior brother couldn't help asking.

"Big brother, he seems to be called by Zhu Jin, I don't know why." Xiao Yi shook his head and said.

"Come on, let's drink."

"Xiao Yan, let me tell you, when you defeated those guys from the Xuanling royal family in the blood river, you were not so domineering..."

After three tours of wine.

"I'm back." While Xiao Yanxiaoyi and the seven people in the Heavenly Palace were eating and drinking, Long Yi also returned here.

"Big brother, what are they looking for you for?" Xiao Yi on the side was obviously a little surprised that the senior officials of the Fenxiang Pavilion called Long Yi over for a meeting.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Do you want to hear the truth?" Long Yi didn't look very good at this time, so he directly picked up a bowl of wine and drank it all at once.

"En?" With Long Yi looking like this, everyone turned their attention to Long Yi.

"Solomon and the branch of the Soul Race in Xuantian San..."

"Total extinction."

"Among them, Solomon are two half-immortals, and two fighting immortals are from the Soul Clan."

"Nine Star Dou Di strong people are not few." After drinking a bowl of wine, Long Yi said solemnly.

"What?" And as Long Yi spoke like this, the whole room was deadly quiet.

The headquarters of the Soul Clan is not in the Xuanling Continent, and the Soul Clan forces are spread all over the Dou Di Sifang Continent, but their strength should not be underestimated.

Moreover, with the addition of Solomon's top power, among the two forces, the two half-immortals and the two fighting immortals fell completely.

"Are there any clues..." Xiao Yan asked with a bitter expression.

"According to the information of the people who went to investigate, I'm afraid it has nothing to do with the Xuanling royal family." Long Yi said.

"The Xuanling Royal Family?"

"When did they become so powerful?"

"The soul clan has a lot of methods The two fighting immortals are definitely more powerful than ordinary powerhouses. With such a fallen flower, doesn't it mean that someone in the Xuanling royal family has reached the star Dou emperor's consummation or even... two Xingdouxian?" Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

"Could it be the power of an alien race?"

"But half of the blood demon envoys in the Gorefiends, the fourth envoy and the left envoy of the Gorefiend have been killed by themselves. Now the strength of the Gorefiends is at best the blood demon envoy, the right gorefiend envoy and some miscellaneous fish. "Xiao Yan said in a deep voice in his heart.

"Furthermore, the Eight Demon Slayer Alliances have now withdrawn from four, and only Purgatory Hall is willing to advance and retreat with us." Long Yi Zaidu said.

"Damn!"

"It can be said that this is a lonely tree." And the senior brother Mu Tianyuan's face also became extremely solemn.

If the destruction of Solomon and the Soul Clan was really done by Xuan Ling, I am afraid that in the entire Xuan Santian, no one can have the strength to compete with them.

"Tomorrow, I'm afraid there will be a **** storm." And Xiao Yan also looked out of the room and muttered to himself.

"It's just a mere two-star fighting immortal. After using the Soul Eater Talisman and the Blood River Bell, it's impossible to fight against it." It seemed that he had sensed Xiao Yan's thoughts, and the Soul Eater in his body also laughed.

"Nine stars have fallen, three of them have fallen..."

"The Solomon Sect Master and the Soul Clan, the two fighting immortals..."

"King Xuanling's plan, has it begun..." In the astrology valley, only the valley owner was left muttering to himself.