Chapter Vol 2 728: Inside the Dou Ji Pavilion

"Gulu!" When Xiao Yan opened his eyes, he suddenly found that he had left the Burning Incense Pavilion and did not know where he was.

"I remember that it was Mu Xuzi who used the mysterious power just now, so I should have entered the Dou Ji Pavilion now." Xiao Yan was not panicked and started to analyze it slowly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan slowly checked.

The place where Xiao Yan appeared was a small road in the woods. The green and twisting road led to nowhere, but the strange thing was that Xiao Yan found that there was no way out. Obviously, he could only enter but not exit.

"This Dou Ji Pavilion is probably an alternative space." Xiao Yan said in shock.

Generally speaking, the storage of ordinary fighting skills is on some bookshelves at most, which is convenient for management and convenient for reference.

However, the higher the level of fighting skills, the more stringent the storage conditions.

After all, other high-level fighting techniques, whether it is cultivation method or power, are far from comparable to low-level ones.

The storage of holy rank fighting skills even requires a small independent space as the basis, because holy rank fighting skills have already been glimpsed at the level of fighting immortals, and it is impossible to learn just by some language and words, which requires a small world to observe. Once again, let the scholars feel it for themselves.

"I don't know where this path leads..." Xiao Yan shook his head, then walked up slightly.

Obviously, after entering here, everyone separated.

"what……"

"What!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly realized that something strange seemed to flow out of his body, and immediately turned into a white light, swooping directly towards the end of the path!

"Why does this aura look like Mu Xuzi's?" Xiao Yan felt incredible as soon as the white light appeared.

But after thinking about it, I immediately felt relieved when I thought of Mu Xuzi's concern for him on weekdays.

"A good person, the deputy head of the palace, actually uses power for personal gain..."

"But that's fine. It saves me wasting time looking for it. After all, other fighting techniques are good, but for me, they're not very useful. The only thing I have to do is get this moving ruler." Xiao Yan said with a smile in his heart. Immediately without hesitation, the speed increased and went directly to the white light.

"Xingyu?"

"Sacred low-level exercises, good guy..."

"Darkness?"

"The advanced level of the heavens is comparable to other fighting skills of the holy level..." Xiao Yan followed Mu Xuzi's white aura slowly, but he looked at many fellow students along the way. Obviously, they all knew that the town hall The treasure is not qualified, so instead of wasting time, it is better to find a fighting technique that suits you.

"It seems to be coming to an end..." Xiao Yan murmured, and then the white aura disappeared, replaced by an extremely dazzling white light.

"Xiao Yan is here." I don't know who said it, and then the eyes of several people turned away.

"Damn, these people actually use their power for personal gain..." Xiao Yan immediately cursed secretly when he saw these people.

Because at the end of this path, there are no less than six people.

They are Lingxuan, Qinxin, Guanglu, Lingyun, Zhu Yuan, and Zhang Wumeng.

Naturally, Lingxuan needless to say, after all, the daughter of the Palace Master of the Earth Palace.

As for Qinxin, Xiao Yan vaguely guessed that this person was extremely powerful, so it was not surprising.

It's not surprising that Zhu Yuan and Zhang Wuneng, after all, they are the best two in the Hall of Earth.

What made Xiao Yan surprised was that Ling Yun, who was so poor, actually came here.

"Okay, how did you come here, I believe everyone knows it well, but if you want to go to your own palace to see if you can get the treasure of the palace, you still need to pass this level."

"According to my guess, the defense here is strong, but gathering the strength of the seven of us should be enough to tear a gap for a short time. I believe that it will not be difficult for you." Zhu Yuan said first, obviously even if it is His seven-star Dou Emperor-level strength was also quite helpless to the restriction in front of him.

"Brother Zhu, why does this restriction exist?"

"Why can't you crack even a powerful person like you?" Qin Xin said in surprise.

Zhu Yuan's strength was the half-step Seven-Star Dou Emperor before, but since he came out of Tongtian River, his strength has also broken through the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. If even he is helpless, I am afraid that this time he can only return without success.

"Hey, don't say that."

"Although I am powerful, the restrictions here are somewhat mysterious, so according to my estimation, only the seven of us can be gathered together." Zhu Yuan smiled.

"I agree." Ling Xuan walked out slightly and said.

"I agree too." The next moment, Zhang Wumeng spoke instantly.

"We agree too." After hesitating for a while, Guang Lu and Ling Yun also spoke.

At this time, among the seven people, no one agreed, and the only ones left were Qin Xin in the Heavenly Palace and Xiao Yan in the Human Palace.

"Now there are only two people from our Human Palace and your Heaven Palace left, what do you think?" Xiao Yan whispered to Qin Xin.

I don't know why, since the original deal was concluded, Qinxin's attitude towards Xiao Yan was no longer cold. I don't know if it was because of the deal or other reasons.

"According to the information I got, the treasure of the three halls is indeed at the end of this path."

"Well, that's the white ban blocking the way in front of us."

"So my suggestion, let's join forces to break the ban first?" Qin Xin thought for a while, but couldn't think of a good solution.

When Xiao Yan heard this, his dark pupils moved slightly, obviously thinking about something.

Among the people in front of them, the weakest one is also in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. As for Zhu Yuan, he has reached the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor If there is a conflict here, only Xiao will suffer. Yan himself, after all, Xiao Yan knew that five of the seven people were from the Hall of Earth, and Xiao Yan didn't seem to have a very friendly relationship with these five people.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's not too late, let's start now." Seeing that Xiao Yan and Qin Xin had no doubts, Zhu Yuan opened his mouth slightly.

"I don't know what we should do?" Although he decided to temporarily let go of his personal grievances and cooperation, but with Xiao Yan's character, he would definitely not be taken as a foe to take the lead.

"You don't have to do it, you just need to send the fighting spirit in your body to me!"

"With the restriction in front of me, I can use my strength and the strength of the six of you to tear a gap in a short period of time." Zhu Yuan said, but the extremely crazy confidence in his voice could not be concealed.

"He is really a ruthless man, no wonder he can become the second senior brother of the Earth Palace." Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, and then he said with admiration.

Although Zhu Yuan said it was easy, it was extremely difficult to do.

First of all, the power of as many as seven people is directly transmitted to Zhu Yuan. If Zhu Yuan is not careful enough to adjust it, I am afraid that this terrifying power can directly blow Zhu Yuan alive!

Moreover, just by relying on strength, a gap can be torn apart. Xiao Yan admires this kind of heart and courage!

The second apprentice brother Zhu Yuan of the Earth Hall, the seven-star Doudi strong man truly deserves his name!

Ask for tickets!