Chapter Vol 4 2190: Unbearable 1 blow, 2 masters and servants?

"Is the Eight-Star Dou Emperor who touches Samsara consummated?"

The two slap marks were branded on the elf girl's delicate cheeks, Xiao Yan just appeared, a layer of surging silver thunder lingered around his body, and an extremely terrifying light of thunder was beating on his skin.

"you!!!"

"How dare you hit me?"

"I am going to kill you!"

The elf girl was furious, and pieces of dark brown fire feathers suddenly appeared in her hands, instantly forming a burst of extremely hot flame ripples, blasting towards Xiao Yan!

The bright red color on her face was shocking. If Xiao Yan hadn't let go of her hand just now, I'm afraid such a delicate and tender elf girl would have been instantly wiped out by Xiao Yan.

At this time, the elf girl's beautiful eyes contained extreme anger, and the cold killing intent swept out.

The women of the elf race have extremely distorted cleanliness, and they pay attention to their elegant and noble words and deeds at all times to distinguish them from the inferior beasts and monsters. The most mysterious creature in the world has been integrated with nature, and is completely different from those low-level monsters.

"Crack!"

The seemingly terrifying attack came to an abrupt end when it came into contact with Xiao Yan!

Even a trace of dark brown flames swept over Xiao Yan's body, without any attack, it went out like a breeze blowing across his face.

"Miss Elsa, let me come."

"The guy in front of him is a guy who doesn't know how to live or die!"

"Dealing with him will tarnish your noble identity."

The elf girl collapsed for a while, and the elf man behind her snorted coldly and walked out like a housekeeper.

With a grim expression on his face, he opened his eyes, and the terrifying energy made this space shake slightly. That kind of strength is by no means a simple person.

"Since you insist on doing this, then let's fall here."

Xiao Yan's body stood on the void, and the gentle laughter and the terrifying breath of thunder slowly bloomed.

The two looked at each other, and there was such a strong fighting spirit in their eyes.

"The elf guard, Frost Sil!"

"Endless Fire Territory, Xiao Yan!"

As soon as the voice fell, the two stepped out, and the terrifying energy came out recklessly.

"Boom!"

Behind the elf man, a cold current of energy containing the power of ice spewed out and instantly solidified the entire space channel. The power contained in it was extremely cold, making people dazed. wounded.

"Ice attribute?"

Lightning flashes appeared on Xiao Yan's body, and he looked at the elf man in surprise.

The elf man in front of him still looks like an elf woman, with long yellow hair, fair skin, and some dark colors in his eyes.

But questions also follow, shouldn't the fire elves all cultivate fire attributes?

"Lord Xiao Yan, be careful!"

"This guy is Miss Aisha's bodyguard, and his strength has reached the real reincarnation realm!"

"The fire elves are the power of the giants in the sea of ​​the sky. Therefore, in each branch of the tribe, people with high status will hire the powerful elves as bodyguards."

Jiuxin hurriedly reminded Xiao Yan.

"Disobeying Miss Aisha's will, you deserve death!"

"I will use the power of extremely cold ice to turn you into an ice sculpture and suppress it forever!"

There was an extremely proud look between the elf man's eyebrows.

Not long after the sound fell, the cold tide behind him, countless snow-white energy icicles turned into countless shock waves, and exploded.

In the space that was dead and cold in the space passage, the temperature dropped sharply, and waves of white mist and cold currents emerged, suppressing Xiao Yan.

The terrifying power actually made this piece of void buzz, and strands of ice came out of nowhere, causing the hair on the skin to stand up!

The power of ice is extremely cold!

"Humph!"

Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and his heart suddenly moved. The thunderbolt was gathered, and the burning art in the body began to work. At the same time, the amber light burst out from the body, and the foundation was surging, and Xiao Yan's normal bronze skin was actually increased by it. It's like a stubborn stone!

An amber flame cauldron appeared on Xiao Yan's chest, and a majestic force traveled around his body. With such a boost, Xiao Yan's body felt indescribably comfortable, even on his fists and skin. A series of special amber lines are looming.

There are no rules for that kind of pattern, but Xiao Yan can clearly feel that this thing definitely emerged after the first layer of Fen Jue burned the foundation.

"Hoohoo!"

Facing the man's ferocious cold force, Xiao Yan's legs stood in the void, amber patterns appeared on his fist, and he punched the void in front of him!

"Whoa!"

With a punch, the surrounding space was humming, and under the gaze of everyone, the terrifying power disintegrated the cold undercurrent.

"Then... is that the power of holy flame?"

The elf girl Aisha stood quietly by the side. Judging from the attacks that Xiao Yan had displayed before, this guy's strength did not seem to be as simple as it appeared on the surface!

Moreover, with his unique insight into flames, Xiao Yan was seen through the amber flames that flashed away!

"Unbelievable!"

The elf man looked at Xiao Yan being so defiant, trying to fight his own cold power with a punch, and the sarcasm on the corner of his mouth became even more brilliant.

He is a dignified reincarnation rank, and his strength is far from that of an eight-star fighting immortal. Xiao Yan's actions are no different from sending him to death!

"Crack!"

Before waiting for the elf man's thoughts to take shape, the next moment, the irony and pride in the man's heart will be shattered!

Above the ice tide, countless shock wave ice blades collapsed, and cracks visible to the naked eye filled the entire cold tide!

"Crack!"

"How can it be!"

Feeling the fierce aura above Xiao Yan's fist, the man's eyelids jumped violently uncontrollably, and the undercurrent of ice behind him was instantly annihilated?

Like a porcelain vase, countless cracks appeared and shattered!

"This?"

Seeing such a simple confrontation, it ended with Xiao Yan taking the upper hand Jiuxin's face couldn't help but become wonderful.

It seems that this guy named Xiao Yan is also as perverted and terrifying as Lord Xiao Yi!

Eight Star Fighting Immortal mid-term battle reincarnation?

This kind of prestige, even based on his own experience, is unheard of!

"What a strange power."

Although the elf man belongs to the elf family, he is not a fire elf after all. Under the circumstance that Xiao Yan deliberately suppressed the holy flame, he could not detect it as keenly as the elf girl Aisha was a fire elf.

"The Phoenix of the Icefield!"

"Tear him apart for me!"

The undercurrent was cold and shattered, and Cyr's body suddenly flickered, and the cold power whistling above his head was vented, and it vaguely turned into a cold ice phoenix with a body that exceeded a thousand meters, and the momentum was terrifying!

Seeing this, Xiao Yan carried a rare smile on the corner of his mouth. He unleashed a burning determination in his body, and the roots continued to burn, and wisps of pure power flowed out. Together with the amber flame and Saint Yan Kaiyi, he completely burned his body. stand up.

The Phoenix of Frost was raging like a ferocious beast, biting all of Xiao Yan's vital points, but no matter how terrifying the offensive, it did not leave any scars on Xiao Yan's body.

Today's Xiao Yan is like a real copper wall and iron wall, and his defensive power is astounding!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: