Chapter 525: Weird place!

"I really didn't expect it..." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, obviously he was helpless about the scene just now!

Obviously, when he saw the five passages behind the boulder, he should have thought, how could...

Just when Xiao Yan was hesitating, Xiao Yan's figure, guided by the white mist, had come to an extremely unfamiliar place.

With a sound of "Shush!", the white mist on Xiao Yan's body instantly disappeared, and then Xiao Yan was put down!

Just now, Xiao Yan didn't see anything because of being enveloped and isolated by the white mist. Now, with the disappearance of the white mist, Xiao Yan's perception has also recovered.

"This is..." Xiao Yan immediately ignored Xiao Yi and the others. He wanted to come to their five-star fighting emperor level. Although they were not that powerful in this desert mountain range, there was still no problem in protecting themselves.

Xiao Yan made a slight plan in his heart, and then a huge soul force emerged, trying to clarify this unfamiliar place.

What was reflected in Xiao Yan's eyes was a huddle.

At this time, Xiao Yan was located in the middle of this lake, above a beautiful square courtyard.

"No, the isolation of this white mist is too strong, and the soul power can only vaguely perceive the surrounding dozens of meters." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

Xiao Yan couldn't help but be slightly surprised that this spiritual power, which was usually like a divine help, had become so vulnerable here!

"Hey, why is there no way here?" Xiao Yan's eyes were scattered, but he was surprised to find out.

Above the pavilion where I am, there is no road at all!

When Xiao Yan saw this, Xiao Yan turned quickly, and then the next moment, his figure exploded, suddenly facing the pavilion, and took advantage of his strength to fly!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan's figure left the pavilion, a pressure like a huge boulder suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's body!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan suddenly drank it, but realized that something was wrong!

When he just left the pavilion, the mysterious power of forbidden air appeared instantly, and then Xiao Yan's body collapsed in mid-air, and he was about to fall into the water in a blink of an eye.

At this time, Xiao Yan's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, his toes lightly tapped, and he skillfully used the power of Hu Bo's water surface, and the figures came back to the pavilion in an instant.

"Huh..." Xiao Yan returned to the pavilion, and the invisible pressure had disappeared.

"This place actually has the power of forbidden space..." Xiao Yan slowly stayed in the pavilion and said.

If there is only a thousand pounds of pressure, Xiao Yan's current strength is enough to deal with it, but under that invisible pressure, there seems to be an extremely powerful restriction, so Xiao Yan has no way to leave here!

"Elder Long..." Xiao Yan, monk Zhang Er, was puzzled, and immediately spoke slowly to the ancient Yi Huoheng behind him.

"I knew that you would trouble me." Long Yi said helplessly, and immediately showed up after speaking.

At this time, Long Yi was already in the appearance of an old human being, and he did not have the extremely weak state of dragon soul at all. Obviously, in this ancient ruler of strange fire, with Xiao Yan's constant warming and nourishment, Let Long Yi recover a lot of strength slightly.

"There is an extremely tyrannical restriction here... I am afraid that this restriction is even me..." Long Yi's soul slowly appeared in the pavilion, and then his eyes turned slightly around.

"Elder Long, what is this place?"

"I tried to leap over here just now, but I just left the pavilion. The force of forbidden air suddenly appeared and almost fell into the water of this pavilion." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"It's definitely not easy here, be careful."

"I think, even if you think about fighting immortal-level strength, I'm afraid you won't be able to get much..." After Long Yi finished speaking, flames appeared on his body, and he slowly walked away from the pavilion!

"Shabu!" With a loud voice, the flames with extremely powerful momentum instantly fell on the surface of the water.

Immediately, there were slight ripples on the calm water surface, which was quite beautiful.

"How is that possible!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly!

Because the power Long Yi just displayed was his own grudge!

The space here is actually limited even the fighting spirit!

Xiao Yan's soul power and spiritual power have been limited, and the range of perception is only within the range of ten or so you. If this grudge is limited, I am afraid that it is difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice.

"How could this pavilion appear here for no reason?" Seeing Long Yi thinking, Xiao Yan didn't stop, and his mind moved quickly.

"There should be hundreds of meters around this pavilion. My soul power and spiritual power are both exerted at the same time, and I can't probe to the end." In just a few breaths, Xiao Yan had the answer.

"This may be a treasure trove." Long Yi said slowly.

"Treasure place?" Xiao Yan was slightly surprised when he heard this.

"I don't blame you for not knowing. After all, the world is full of wonders."

"I remember that when I was young, when I was wandering around, I heard that there are strong human beings who like to stay out of the world, looking for a rather beautiful Fengshui treasure to live in their lives, and when they leave or fall, they will put their wealth and What you have learned in your life will be given to future generations." Long Yi explained.

"Long Lao, what do you mean... this is the place where a strong man sat in his lifetime?" Xiao Yan frowned.

If this place is really as Long Yi said, it is the place where a strong man sits, then the strength of that strong man during his lifetime will definitely not be a nameless person!

To be able to be so solemn by Long Yi, I am afraid his strength is comparable to that of Dou Xian.

"This is in line with what I said."

"look."

"This Hu Bo seems to be plain and simple, but there is a hidden murderous intention inside, and it is too quiet here, as if deadly quiet..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"So I speculate that this pavilion is just a test to enter this strong man's mansion The power of forbidden air, coupled with the suppression of your soul power and spiritual power, this strong man may be extremely difficult!" Yi's analysis is straight-forward.

"Hu Bo?" At the next moment, Xiao Yan's dark brown pupils stared at Hu Bo under the pavilion!

Under the pavilion, there was a little bit of deep lake water, and it was bottomless. As for the bottom, Xiao Yan naturally didn't know what was there.

"It's really weird." Xiao Yan murmured, then looked around with a vigilant expression!

"In this desert mountain range, there is also a reminder on the stone that just came in. The five-story barren road... I don't know which floor I am here." Xiao Yan thought to no avail, so he could only give up, and then said slightly.

"I think... this should be the highest level, the fifth level, of the desert mountain range." When Xiao Yan was puzzled, Long Yi suddenly spoke up.

"How is that possible..." Xiao Yan was slightly shocked!

Because he entered the first layer of the desert mountain range, he got the demon core and blood essence contaminated by the evil air, and the flame in the body went towards the highest point in the desert mountain range. It seems that there is something on the top of the mountain that attracts The flame in Xiao Yan's body.

But now Xiao Yan didn't feel any strangeness from his body.

"Don't think about it, I'm sure this is the fifth floor, but it's still a long way from the top of the desert mountain range..."

"Now, you should think about how to pass this test first." After Long Yi finished speaking, he smiled slightly, as if he knew something.

Ask for tickets!