Chapter Vol 2 735: Holy Land-level fighting skills, moving the sky ruler

"This kid, such perverted power." The mysterious old man couldn't help but praise.

As the guardian of this fighting skill, the mysterious old man has naturally witnessed countless heaven's favored people for hundreds of years, but it is the first time that the old man has seen Xiao Yan's wisdom and heart.

"Next, when it's time to harvest, I hope that this kid has endured so many difficulties and can really master the fighting skills, so that our Fenxiang Pavilion can be proud of himself."

"However, if it fails, it will definitely be a big blow to this kid. After all, there were disciples who were negative because they couldn't bear the pressure..." The old man said with joy and worry.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Finally, have you reached it?" Xiao Yan reluctantly opened his eyes. When he stepped into the eight steps, he was about to collapse due to the overwhelming force, but fortunately, with the Holy Yan Emperor Yan and Qi Qi, Xiao Yan was able to Barely break through.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The treasure of the palace, let me see your true face now." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the corner of his mouth smiled strangely. After so much, he finally succeeded.

In front of Xiao Yan, the eight steps stood calmly, without the slightest breath. Above the eight steps, a golden scroll slowly emerged.

And with the appearance of the golden scroll, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler behind him gave out a very joyful vibration, as if this Dou Skill Scroll had a fatal attraction to the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler.

"Why is this ancient ruler of different fires so moving? Could it be that this fighting skill scroll has any origin with the ancient ruler of different fires..." Xiao Yan, as the owner of the ancient rulers of different fires, naturally noticed the difference and immediately hesitated. stand up.

"Okay, kid, since you've successfully passed all the tests, I'm not trying to persuade you."

"The treasure of our human palace is the fighting skill scroll in front of you. You can try it and see if you can master it, but you only have one chance. If you don't master it once, then no matter what, I won't let you try it a second time. "The old man said solemnly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded immediately, because he also knew that this Dou Skill Scroll had reached the level of a holy rank, and with his current strength, I am afraid that he would have already tried his best to open it once, let alone the second time.

"Let's start, I'm here to protect the law for you, you can rest assured." After the old man finished speaking, a layer of gray energy suddenly emerged from the stone hall, instantly isolating the stone hall.

"Thank you, senior." Xiao Yan said respectfully, and then stared at the golden scroll in front of him.

"It's too early to say thank you, let's wait until you try this fighting skill scroll. If you succeed, I'm afraid it's me who should be thanked." The old man said slowly.

The strength of this mysterious old man has already reached the level of a nine-star fighting emperor, but because of the bet with Zhu Jin, he lost for a while, so he has to guard the treasure of the temple here, and only the treasure of the temple Only after being successfully cultivated by others can the old man be liberated.

"Is this the holy rank fighting skill..."

"I remember that Uncle Golden Dragon King said that the fighting skills of the holy rank have surpassed the level of the immortal rank."

"Heaven-rank fighting skills originally borrowed the power of heaven and earth, and immortal-rank fighting skills have already reached the level of power resonance. As for the larger holy-rank fighting skills, they have vaguely touched the level of the field. This level of attack, at the level of Dou Di, is enough to easily cause a fatal blow." Xiao Yan kept recalling the words of his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, in his mind.

However, Xiao Yan did not dare to imagine that this holy rank fighting skill was so terrifying, if it was a more powerful **** rank fighting skill, it would be enough to cover the sky with one hand, and the **** rank, Xiao Yan practiced this burning skill. Cultivation technique, the highest level is also a **** level!

Although Xiao Yan's eyes had only reached the first floor of Fen Jue, and there was still a long way to go before the sixth floor, which had the highest divine rank, Xiao Yan knew that the road had to be taken step by step.

Taking back his thoughts, Xiao Yan immediately did not hesitate, staring at the golden scroll, a feeling of joy immediately radiated.

"How to do this..." Xiao Yan was a little hesitant at this time. He had never encountered this holy-level fighting skill scroll, and he was hesitant now.

"Relax, grab it directly with your palm, and then use your soul power, as usual, but the pressure of this holy fighting skill is extremely terrifying, you have to be prepared." Just when Xiao Yan wondered When the time came, the old guard opened his mouth.

"Yes." As the old guard spoke, Xiao Yan's concerns disappeared without a trace.

The next moment, Xiao Yan had a smile on the corner of his mouth, and then his palm directly grabbed the golden fighting skill scroll!

"Weng buzzing!" The golden scroll didn't move at all, and Xiao Yan was allowed to hold it like this.

However, the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler behind Xiao Yan exuded an extremely greedy aura.

"Next, it's time to harvest." Xiao Yan looked at the golden scroll exuding an ancient aura in his hand, and immediately from the outside, he felt the horror of this fighting skill scroll, and he immediately started to fight.

Not long after, Xiao Yan's huge soul force suddenly gathered towards the golden scroll!

"Shabu Shabu!" As Xiao Yan's huge soul power moved towards the golden scroll, the golden scroll that had been calm suddenly burst into a terrifying ripple of destruction!

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan seemed to feel the repulsive force in the golden scroll, and immediately did not panic at all, because Xiao Yan knew that at this time, if he took back his power, he would only lose one and lose both. Better to give it a go.

"go!"

"I want to see how your holy rank fighting skill scroll resists my soul power!" Xiao Yan's huge soul power emerged, and then he walked away towards the golden scroll. Soul power and the repulsive power emanating from the golden scroll attacked together viciously.

"Good guy, it's really crazy."

"But that's fine. I haven't met such a courageous disciple for many years." The old guard let out a slow sigh.

"Boom boom boom!" The huge repulsive power of the golden scroll was replaced by Xiao Yan's soul power after a short while.

"Success!" Feeling the repulsive force emanating from the golden scroll gradually disappearing, a smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth!

"Don't be too happy, now is the critical moment for you to master the fighting skills!" Just when Xiao Yan was happy, the old guard said solemnly.

"Yes!" Xiao Yan naturally knew that the old man was out of concern for himself, and as a veteran alchemist, Xiao Yan naturally knew this.

"Huhu." As the repulsive power on the golden scroll disappeared, Xiao Yan slowly sighed for a while, swallowed a few pills directly, recovered the vindictive energy consumed in his body, and then his eyes turned back. onto this golden scroll.

Xiao Yan's face was calm, and he gently unfolded the golden scroll. All of them, an ancient aura like a giant dragon slowly radiated from the golden scroll, and the entire stone hall was filled with this ancient aura. , and even the Yihuo Henggu behind Xiao Yan was quiet.

Ask for tickets!