Chapter Vol 4 1586: Acacia fire on the Acacia tree!

"..."

"These are the basic precautions for the domain. You will naturally discover its various benefits when you fight against people in the future." As Xiao Yanfan gave birth to the half-domain Acacia Flame Domain, the Soul Eater immediately explained something to Xiao Yan. Pay attention to things.

"I see."

"Since this place is over, then let's go to the place mentioned by the spirit of the acacia tree. It is also the last stop of the acacia tree." The next moment, Xiao Yan turned around and faced the root of the acacia tree quite dignifiedly. Xu Xue gave a big gift, and immediately the dazzling pink acacia power emerged all over his body, directly pulling Xiao Yan towards the inside of the acacia tree. Xiao Yan didn't know whether the acacia tree could detect his gratitude, but this trip yielded a lot. Xiao Yan couldn't help but respect him so much.

After all, an existence like the Acacia tree, such a long life, naturally has many variables.

"Xuuuu!" After a while, wisps of pink energy suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's body, and he immediately wrapped his body. In an instant, it turned into a stream of light, pouring into the inner space of the Acacia tree.

"This is..." With such an appearance, Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that there is a cave inside the original giant tree of the Acacia tree!

The outermost tree in the sky should be just the energy body formed by the acacia tree to protect itself, and the place where Xiao Yan was just now was the source of the acacia tree, but at this time, Xiao Yan directly entered the source of the acacia tree. to its interior.

"You're here." After a short while, a light voice sounded, and Xiao Yan's sight gradually became clear.

What came into view was a rather strange space. In this space, it was quite small. The only thing was the mysterious beam of light wrapped in countless pink power and leaves. It was also surrounded by an unusually tyrannical beam. The power of pink Acacia, and even many pink leaves around are constantly blowing up.

"This is the top of the canopy of the acacia tree." After a while, a figure of a woman quietly walked out from behind countless leaves.

The woman's pink hair, graceful curves and dazzling power all show that this guy is by no means an ordinary person, and there is a rather strange sadness in his eyes, but just when he appeared, he was staring at him. With Xiao Yan.

"Pfft puff!" Xiao Yan only felt a sense of fear in his heart after being stared at by this woman. At that time, the two holy flame crystals in his body were also beating violently, and even his pupils were constantly facing the pink in the upper part of the void. The beam of light looked at it, as if it had found something.

"The canopy of the acacia tree... what is that?" Looking at the center of this special space surrounded by countless leaves, a cloud of pink mist completely covered a certain place, and Xiao Yan combined with the abnormal movement of the holy flame crystals in his body. Muttered.

"I am the guardian of the holy flame... and also the spirit of this acacia tree." Looking at Xiao Yan's doubts, the beautiful woman's eyes narrowed, and her beautiful eyes also stared at the place surrounded by pink mist. Word by word.

"Holy Flame Guardian?"

"Could it be..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils could not help shrinking tightly, his heart heaved violently.

"Lovesickness...bronchitis." After a while, the Qianying woman was not surprised, she spoke rather plainly. With the strength of this woman, she naturally discovered the faint power of holy flame in Xiao Yan's body early in the morning, otherwise it would not be. Will give away such precious things as acacia fruit.

"Crash!" As the woman spoke, the pink mist in the center of the canopy also slowly dissipated, revealing some strange scenery.

"This is..." After a while, as the mysterious beam of light disappeared, a trace of shock appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.

In front of the two of them, there was no sign of the acacia tree, and their sight was completely filled by two huge still stone statues.

These two stone statues are about hundreds of feet in size. From them, a fierce breath suddenly burst out, like a ferocious beast. Obviously, these two stone statues were probably also strong in their lifetime.

"etc……"

"The woman on the stone statue... This is clearly you?" Suddenly, Xiao Yan raised his head and lost his voice when he joined the woman standing in front of him!

Even if the figure revealed by the stone statue is not very clear, the basic outline of the stone statue is exactly the same as the guardian of the holy flame in front of him!

"Look at it again." The woman was not surprised when Xiao Yan saw it, she just opened her mouth, it seems that this scene was intentionally made by Xiao Yan.

"Two stone statues... They look like a couple, but why are they hugging each other, what are they doing?"

"Go up and have a look!" Since Xiao Yan stands at the bottom of the void, and the area of ​​the stone statue is extremely large, only some vague movements can be seen for a while. Surrounded and flew directly to the center of the stone statue.

"This is... but there is a strange hole in the chest that the two of them are embracing. There seems to be something missing here." Xiao Yan murmured, but his expression became extremely nervous. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Boom!" An indescribable roar suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's body, so the two quiet Saint Flame Crystals in Xiao Yan's body suddenly became restless.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Wait... This empty location is actually like a piece of holy flame crystal?" In an instant, Xiao Yan was as if he had discovered an earth-shattering secret.

"The one in front of you is my husband."

"The two of us are both guardians. Because we were rescued by the acacia tree, we stayed here directly."

"The power of acacia here is quite strange, but it is very suitable for our cultivation, and the acacia tree does not have two treasures, but three treasures, and the third treasure is ranked fifteenth in the holy flame list... …”

"Lovesickness and Broken Enteritis." The woman's beautiful eyes slowly stared at the two huge stone statues in the void, and murmured, her voice was filled with sadness, and she didn't know why.

"Lovesickness and Broken Enteritis." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, his voice filled with a frenzy!

This level of holy flame is comparable to the existence of gods, because this holy flame has a very special power of lovesickness. This power may be innocuous to ordinary people, but for some loved ones or suffering from lovesickness. For the people of the world, this kind of flame contains the terrifying power that is enough to live the flesh and bones of the dead.

"If the two of you are guarding the Acacia Broken Enteritis...but why can't I feel its power? That feeling seems to no longer exist." After a while, Xiao Yan said with a solemn expression. A little more doubt.

When the woman heard the words, she didn't say a word, she slowly stood beside Xiao Yan, her beautiful eyes slowly turned from sadness to a terrifying killing intent!

Murderous, like a demon falling into the abyss!