Chapter Vol 4 1046: Brother, I will avenge your revenge

"strangeness……"

"This direction, isn't it the place to leave the blood river teleportation formation?"

"What the **** is this Gorefiend doing?" Xiao Yan has been chasing after him, but every time he is about to catch up with the Gorefiend, the Gorefiend will not hesitate to spend his source power and temporarily stop Xiao Yan. .

"The power in the river of blood... suddenly became wriggling."

"It seems that someone has passed through here, condensing extremely evil power..." At this moment, the soul-devouring talisman in Xiao Yan's body said.

"Hey... Forget it, I'll just swallow him in a while, see if he's still arrogant!" After a while, the Soul Eater said, for a powerhouse of the level of the Gorefiend, after swallowing, with the help of the Soul Eater Transforming power is enough to transform it into one's own power, thereby restoring a lot of one's own power.

"Senior..."

"The blood demon is evil, and he also made our senior brother Yin Tong of Fenxiang Pavilion suffer so much, so let me do it."

"Senior brother's revenge must be avenged by me." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard this.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know the strength of the Soul Eater Talisman, it was definitely not simple. In his eyes, a Gorefiend would naturally be unreasonable.

"Good boy, you have courage." Soul Eater was also a little surprised when he heard the words, but he still laughed.

The Soul Eater knew that Xiao Yan's approach was somewhat stubborn and selfish, because only after killing the Gorefiend could he gain the approval of the Ghost Face Soul Talisman, but it was undeniable that Xiao Yan had no regard for the sect of Burning Incense Pavilion. Door honor, or quite fancy.

"Let's go, it's almost there." As soon as she finished speaking, she continued chasing away, and Xiao Yi also looked at Mu Yingying and Yin Tong, and swept away frantically at the teleportation formation.

In the forest outside the teleportation formation, the countless disciples here were already extremely chaotic.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What is that..." Some disciples' eyes were extremely sharp, and they were surprised when they noticed the blood-red aura emerging from the forest.

"Ah ah ah..." But these disciples didn't react yet, and suddenly burst into the sky with screams, and then all the disciples who were touched by the blood-red aura were all uncontrolled and flew directly towards the center of the forest. And go.

"Pfft." With a sound, when the disciples stained with blood-red aura just came into contact with the center of the formation, they turned into a cloud of shocking blood, and not even a trace of their soul was left behind.

"Dead?" Song Yue looked at some of the disciples around him, and couldn't help but shrink his pupils and said.

"The Xuanling Royal Family, what are they doing..." Du Chun scolded in a low voice, the current appearance has exceeded the limit they can handle.

"That formation... seems to have absorbed the power of our disciples, and then condensed something." Feng Lin's face was ugly at this time. These disciples are the mainstays of their respective sects, and they are now being swallowed by this evil spirit. The soul is not left, no doubt the most heartache.

"All disciples, step back!"

"Don't touch the **** radiance!" After a while, Jian Xin let out a loud shout. Obviously, he couldn't find a solution for a while, so he could only resort to this.

In addition, other super sects are the same as this scene.

"Is this... the end..." Some disciples couldn't help muttering.

The sky was full of blood-colored aura, an evil aura, and even one after another figure was constantly entangled by the blood-colored aura, and then flew directly into the sky, turning into a layer of blood mist with a bang, and finally injected into the formation. In a vague thing above the law.

"How can this be good..."

"At present, more than a quarter of the disciples have been lost. If this goes on, how should I explain to the sect..." Some super sect powerhouses were unable to shake their blood and vigour even after racking their brains, and couldn't help but feel discouraged.

"Gore Demon, where are you running!" Just when there was a hint of despair in everyone's heart, a deafening voice entered their minds.

"Xiao Yan?" Some figures finally had a glimmer of hope in their hearts. This Xiao Yan was the most outstanding disciple in the Fenxiang Pavilion. With him around, his chances of life would probably increase a lot.

"Bastard... After chasing for so long, it's time for you to taste the real death!"

"Hahaha!" The Gorefiend's figure suddenly swept into the blood-colored aura that had devoured many disciples, and laughed loudly.

And as the Gorefiend poured into the blood-colored aura, his entire body suddenly exuded an extremely tyrannical aura.

"Meet the Gorefiend Lord." Xuan Wanjin said respectfully as soon as the Gorefiend entered the formation.

"Xuan Wanjin, you have done a good job, and I will never treat you badly after this is done." The Gorefiend said with a gratified smile.

"This is something that belongs to the subordinates." Xuan Wanjin was overjoyed when he heard the words.

"Take good control of the Gorefiend Array... The current power is not enough!" The Gorefiend continued to release the power of evil, and a rather vague huge energy body like a river of blood appeared in the array.

"Okay!" Xuan Wanjin agreed softly, and then continued to increase his strength to control the formation, and one disciple after another was swallowed in.

"The river of blood... condense it for this envoy!" The Gorefiend also laughed evilly, and then said.

As soon as the voice fell, in the formation, a river of blood-colored energy about a hundred meters in size suddenly appeared above the heads of the two of them. Through this river of blood, countless disciples in the forest were all shocked.

"The array is out, let's go back." Just when Xiao Yan, surrounded by ghosts, was about to start, the Soul Eater suddenly said.

"En Xiao Yan is not a reckless person either, he just retreated, and then walked towards the Fenxiang Pavilion large army.

"Is this... the end of the day..." Ling Xuan and Qinxin Mufeng, who led the large group at Fenxiang Pavilion, couldn't help but say in their hearts.

"what should I do now?"

"Little Junior Sister?" Seeing that some of the disciples around him were being swallowed in, some disciples in the Fenxiang Pavilion couldn't help but asked the three of them.

"Let's leave it to Senior Brother." Ling Xuan shook her head slightly when she heard the words.

"You still come, little junior sister."

"I'm not a qualified leader. With your leadership, none of our incense-burning disciples have lost. I believe they will trust you." The senior brother also laughed aside.

"You..." Lingxuan said immediately with some tears flashing in her beautiful eyes.

"Yep."

"Yeah, Junior Sister led us into the Blood River Realm and gained many opportunities, but I didn't take any money..." Among the disciples, some voices continued to emerge.

"Sorry, I came back late." And just when everyone was united, Xiao Yan's figure arrived as promised.

"In that case..."

"We will do our best to assist Senior Brother Xiao Yan... to obliterate the evil people from outside the realm!" Seeing Xiao Yan's familiar voice coming back, at that time, all the disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion will gather here!

And it seems that he noticed that the river of blood in the sky is getting more and more solid, and the powerhouses of other super sects are also moving towards Fenxiang Pavilion, and they don't know why.