Chapter Vol 4 1484: Loot!

"This guy..." As the sound from the stone seat fell, it sounded like thunder in Xiao Yan's ears, deafening, and Xiao Yan suddenly stopped at the edge of the disc.

It is strange to say that this disc completely fills the entire space. Above the disc, even the power of flying and stepping into the air is completely stopped, and when it is close to the disc, Xiao Yan just discovered that this disc is extremely strong. Even if he activates the holy flame himself, it probably won't hurt in the slightest.

Furthermore, Xiao Yan, through the power of his dazzling soul, discovered that on the disc, tiny lines like ants appeared quietly. There was a hint of fear on the face of the child above.

"Are you the Immortal Rank Fifth Grade Pill?" Xiao Yan was quite a distance away from the child, and then smiled, although this guy's dazzling fighting power makes one's heart chill, but the relative power contained in it is also enough. Envy.

"Humph."

"How about yes and no?"

"If you want to catch me, then see if you have the ability."

"Look at the move!" After a while, the child did not talk nonsense with Xiao Yan, and was ready to do it.

This child is only one meter tall, with sharp and angular and delicate facial features, which makes people like a porcelain doll at a glance, and even the whole body exudes a high-grade medicinal medicinal fragrance, which makes people feel refreshed A shock.

"Do it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's eyes became sharp, and then bursts of dazzling flames of Dou Qi emerged in an instant.

"Crash!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan's body burned into action, so the power of the Great Heaven Seed Fei Yan suddenly emerged, roaring away at the child with the momentum of thunder.

"Hey!" When Xiao Yan approached the child dozens of meters, the void beside the child trembled strangely, and then a longan-sized pill of various colors suddenly emerged from the void, forming a cloud of pills. Shooting away at Xiao Yan's body.

"It's so strong!" Xiao Yan's speed was extremely fast, but his keen soul power was also aware of the unparalleled tyrannical power in this pill rain, and his fighting qi instantly became surging.

"Fire Explosion Technique!" With a cold snort, countless flames of fiery-red Great Heavenly Seeds emerged above Xiao Yan's body, thus increasing his speed to the extreme.

"Pfft!" Countless dan rain blasted towards Xiao Yan, and was directly avoided by Xiao Yan's terrifying speed, so it fell directly on the ground of the disc, but just touched the ground of the disc. , it turned into a burst of white smoke and disappeared.

"The flame on this human being has some meaning... just play with him."

"And there is a very unpleasant aura mixed in here. If you want to take the benefits of the fisherman, then I will do what you want." The little child stared at a hidden wall behind the Pill Hall with clear eyes and said slowly.

But don't underestimate this guy, after all, its predecessor was the fifth-grade immortal rank young pill. Even the five-star fighting immortal powerhouse is quite afraid of this level of existence, but I don't know why its strength is only three-star fighting. Fairy complete.

"This guy seems to be able to control all the power in the Pill Palace." Xiao Yan looked at the disc while dodging, thinking slowly.

This Dan Palace. It is like a gourd. On the surrounding walls, countless rare treasures emerge, and these things are enough to be the best attacking weapons of children.

"I can only try the Sealing Dou Technique." After a while, Xiao Yan didn't dare to hesitate. After all, this Immortal Rank fifth-grade young pill must be obtained, otherwise he is now ready to devour the immortal fire's pill material, which cannot be Refining its medicinal herbs is also useless.

And Xiao Yan's current pharmacist level is only the fourth rank of immortal rank, and there is still a long way to go before the fifth rank of immortal rank, so capturing the young pill has become the top priority.

"Fire!" Xiao Yan, who was moving at a high speed, spoke slowly, and the dazzling ancient ruler of different fire suddenly fell off, and a **** aura suddenly emerged from his body.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Break it for me!" In an instant, Xiao Yan suddenly stopped moving and jumped up abruptly. The Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler on the palm of his hand swiped viciously towards the stone seat where the child was, and there were seven bright flames in a row. The sky-shattering flames roared away.

"Crash!" Facing Xiao Yan's fierce blow, the child did not have any intention of evading it. Instead, his clear pupils watched the seven giant rulers of flames strike, and even his pupils had a strange smile.

"Hoohoo!" After a while, the seven giant flame rulers attacked directly in front of the child. Suddenly, the child did not have any extra movement. Bai Nen's little hand gently lifted, and suddenly the seven giant flame rulers were suddenly squeezed in his hand.

"This guy is so strong." Xiao Yan's heart sank when he saw the child so easily defuse his attack. Although the seventh layer of breaking the sky was just a feign attack, it was still very shocking to Xiao Yan to be deciphered so easily. , but Xiao Yan still did not stop what he was doing.

"Spirit Devouring Blood Monument, suppress me!" After a while, when the seven giant flaming rulers slowly disappeared in the child's palm, Xiao Yan's figure skyrocketed, and a blood-colored aura emerged from his palm with a rather **** aura.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan came to the child in an instant, and then pushed out with a palm. At that time, the dazzling blood-colored aura instantly turned into dozens of huge stone tablets On the stone tablets, a stream of The tyrannical force of repression came suddenly!

"Damn...you!" And being instantly enveloped by Xiao Yan's actions, the child's entire body's strength slowly declined, apparently being easily suppressed by the Spirit Devouring Blood Monument.

"Immortal rank fifth-grade young pill, can't be so weak..."

"Ghost?"

"Interesting." The Lord of Soul Eater was just about to speak, but he noticed some other things in the Pill Hall, and immediately muttered to himself.

"Be honest!" Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power spread on the disc, and then he looked at the children who were temporarily suppressed by his Spirit Devouring Blood Tablet, and sneered immediately.

"hateful!"

"Let me go, or else..." Although the child was struggling, he couldn't escape the suppression of the Blood Devouring Monument.

"You must take this guy and go with Qifei as soon as possible, I always find it strange here."

"When the matter of the Heavenly King's possession is resolved, I am also in the mausoleum, and I will thoroughly refine the elixir that devours the immortal fire. When the matter of the Demon Suppression Prison is over, it will be much easier to go to the Lord of Li Soul. "Xiao Yan looked at the child, and then spoke slowly.

"Where's Qi Fei?" At that moment, when Xiao Yan looked at the outside of the Pill Palace, a shock appeared in his heart!

The Dan Palace was in the shape of a gourd. Just now, Qi Fei was placed under the gourd Dan Palace by Xiao Yan, and there was only a disc above it, but now, looking at it, Qi Fei's delicate body was completely invisible.

"Hand over the fifth-grade immortal rank baby pill... Otherwise, your companion, I am afraid that only Xiang Xiaoyu will perish." After a while, a pale figure of the living dead appeared on the periphery of the disc. He smiled at Xiao Yan.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: