Chapter Vol 4 1797: Soul Palace intervenes!

"How is this possible……"

"How could you possibly have an artifact, how could you have a holy flame, that's impossible." Looking at the eyes closed and resting, it seemed that when Lei Ji's legs became weak, the thunder force around him was completely destroyed by the different fire. The holy pattern above the ruler was broken, and even the evil fighting spirit in Reggie's body suddenly refused to obey. At this time, Reggie was sitting on the ground like a cripple.

On the other hand, the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was tightly held by Xiao Yan. At the same time, at the center of the ruler, a pattern of light surrounded by colorful flames touched an ancient word for "king", illuminating the entire field. , the confinement and divine power on it filled with a sense of anxiety and anxiety.

"Squeak." With a sound, the Emperor Yan Ring, which had been hidden in Xiao Yan's body, also appeared on Xiao Yan's fingers when Xiao Yan was not paying attention. Even inside the Emperor Yan Ring, a line like a sleeping giant just woke up. The illusory figure, Wei Wei sits in it, like an old man from ancient times.

"The holy pattern shines in the world, the evil is surging in the world, the gods are beginning to appear, the demons appear in the world, and the war begins!"

"This is a prophecy, and it is also the belief of the entire Great Thousand World!"

"What does this mean..." Xiao Yan opened his eyes slightly, muttered, and kept repeating this incantation in his mouth, just after the mutation of Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler, these words kept popping up in Xiao Yan's mind among.

"How did you know this prophecy?" At this moment, the fighting spirit in Leiji's eyes subsided, as if he had experienced endless fear, he raised his head with difficulty and looked at Xiao Yan who was aloof.

"It's over." Xiao Yan shook his head gently, raised his palm, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, blessed by the "king" character, burst into a dazzling divine light, and slashed towards Reggie gently.

"Bang bang bang!" With a slight slash, it did not bring any energy fluctuations. There was only a brilliant flame of light killing Reggie. Suddenly Reggie had no time to resist, a tyrannical coercion of heaven and earth, nothing else The voice, Reggie's figure, completely disintegrated, completely destroyed by this blow, and vanished into ashes.

"Huhuhu." After beheading Lei Ji so easily, the Thunder Domain dissipated directly, restoring the dark and gloomy space here, but the holy pattern on Xiao Yan's Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler was also light like a flash in the pan. Disappeared, and even Xiao Yan directly collapsed on the soil, gasping for breath. As for the prophecy, I am afraid that he can only think about it after the battle is over.

The blow just now seemed to be bland, but only Xiao Yan knew that that blow consumed 90% of his power, and the change in the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler was obviously related to the Amber Rock Soul Fire in his body. Xiao Yan is not very clear about the situation.

Such a blow consumes 90% of his power, and he seems to be able to rely on the power of the soul and the power of the holy flame to perceive that this level of attack does not seem to be the limit of the ancient ruler of different fire, and at this time Even if the holy pattern is turned on, it seems that the ancient ruler of different fire has not completely revealed its glory.

It seems that this thing is very likely to be one of the artifacts in the Great Thousand World!

"Master, the leader of Reggie, was beheaded by the kid with the soul power of the fairyland. There was no violent energy fluctuation. The soul and body were destroyed together. I am afraid there is something extraordinary in him." Xiao Yan just appeared, The eyes of everyone above the canopy of the evil tree were projected towards Xiao Yan, and Gamma said.

"Now he can't make any big waves. We have other important things to do."

"Stone Guilty, he's dying now, so I'll leave it to you. If you can't solve him, then you can apologize with death." Mal, who was headed, was staring at a dark space above the evil tree. .

"Yes, Master!" As soon as the voice fell, an evil figure in the canopy swept towards Xiao Yan, but when this guy's eyes looked at Xiao Yan, there was obviously something wrong, as if he knew each other.

"Susu..."

"Lord Mar has such a feast, why are we missing our Soul Palace?"

"Do you think so?" After a while, Marr stared at the place, the space trembled violently, shattered completely with a bang, and suddenly a large and eerie black mist emerged. The black mist kept shaking and instantly turned into dozens of black lines Shadows emerged like ghosts.

"The guy from the Soul Palace is finally here?" Looking at these guys, Marr smiled faintly, as if he had expected it.

"The Hall Master Xuantang and Hall Master Huang Hall of Soul Hall really look down on us." At this moment, Gamma walked over first, and everyone tightly protected the evil tripod.

"Eight Star Fighting Immortals?"

"Looking at this, the power of the Soul Palace doesn't seem to be as simple as it seems." Xiao Yan kept running the Fen Jue to recover his fighting spirit, walking while escaping the pursuit of the rock criminal, but his eyes were on the dark passage just now. The two headed by the dozens of shadows that emerged, a terrifying fear emerged in my heart.

"It now seems that the overall strength of the Soul Palace is also clear. At the bottom, there are twelve Soul Reverends who work for it, followed by the five Soul Guards, and at the top are the four hall masters of the Heaven and Earth Xuanhuang, and I am afraid it is the Soul Palace at the end. The main class." Xiao Yan also had a clear goal in his heart, and for some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that the three of sin, the Soul Palace and the foreign evil clan seemed to be somewhat strangely connected.

"The fifth sin Master Sima's masterpiece really makes us ashamed. No wonder it is always remembered by our hall master." People's breathing became dignified.

"This is a good thing. If we bring it back, the Lord of the Palace should be very happy, so I don't know if Lord Marr will give up his love?" At this moment, the Hall Lord of Xuantang stared at the agate-like fruit in the evil cauldron behind everyone. Greed Road.

"Then see if you have the strength!"

"Stop them for me!"

"The last ten minutes!"

"As long as the fruit is completely mature, then this time, we will win!" Mal heard the words, his pupils shrank suddenly, and the dark green energy instantly completely protected himself and the evil cauldron. There are countless humans and sea beasts on the evil tree. It quickly projected towards the evil cauldron, and for a while, the agate-like fruit inside it became an evil glow, and there were faint signs of maturity.

"Everyone, treat our old friends well!"

"Soul Wuji, the other guys are all handed over to you!"

"I'll deal with Marr myself." At this moment, Xuantang Hall Master Soul Yan said with a gloomy smile.

"Okay." Huangtang Hall Master Soul Wuji smiled slightly Immediately, he took the Soul Hall powerhouse and attacked the many sinners directly.

"Come out." There will be fierce battles around, except Xuantang Hall Master Soul Yan quietly standing next to the tree canopy, looking at Marr, who has turned into a dark green blood mist and an evil cauldron, and said softly.

"Hehe... Soul Flame, why do you think this is necessary?"

"We sin and cooperate with your soul hall to lead the army of evil tribes from outside the domain into the Daqian world, then the Daqian world also has a corner of our place..." As soon as the voice of the soul flame fell, the void around the evil cauldron suddenly collapsed, a green-haired Elegant man, step out gracefully.

"No... our Soul Palace is different from yours."

"How can you see it?"

"You are willing to be the lackeys of the foreign evil race, but our soul hall is different... This great world will be ours sooner or later."

As soon as the voice fell, a battle was about to start!

The battle between the two powerhouses in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, as well as a melee about the evil fruit conspiracy, started completely!