Chapter 23: Moon home!

"Boom boom boom!" After those seniors' soul source light clusters almost disappeared, all the light clusters also merged into Xiao Yan's body, and the small space that was originally isolated by the men in black also trembled violently.

"Bang!" The other dimension began to slowly shatter.

Xiao Yan has long since woken up and quit the cultivation state. All the energy of the soul source he absorbed before is stored in the soul realm, because the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Yan just said, Xiao Yan himself is also clear that it takes a lot of time to absorb the source of the soul to improve the strength of the soul. If you can go to Yue's house to find a safe place to make plans, otherwise the soul will be severely damaged, and the loss will be more than the loss. Immediately, it is also to absorb the soul source and store it in the soul realm to make plans.

Seeing the immediate crisis resolved, Xiao Yan couldn't help but take a deep breath, "It seems that this time I went to Yue's house to deal with things and went to retreat well, devoured the origin of my soul and practiced some fighting skills, otherwise in this continent where the strong are like clouds It’s impossible to walk at all!” No wonder he thought so, after all the enemies Xiao Yan encountered these times were too powerful, and there were very few ways to deal with them.

With a plan, he also stepped forward to use the soul power to awaken the two girls. Qing Yuan was obviously trying his best to exhaust his fighting qi. He couldn't wake up in a short time, and he was still in a coma. With the help of Xiao Yan, he slowly woke up.

Just woke up and saw a big hole in the distance, and hurriedly asked Xiao Yan, "That man in black should be the murderer who killed the Mu family in our Qingcheng recently, but what about the monster behind him? How did you solve it? what?"

In the face of Yueru's many problems, Xiao Yan also suffered from a headache. He couldn't say that he killed himself, so he could only prevaricate and say, "I don't know, just when you passed out, that monster's body twitched for a while and then froze. It exploded, but it was indeed dead."

Yue Yu naturally wouldn't believe Xiao Yan's nonsense, but after the immediate crisis was lifted, he couldn't care less about these doubts, and the top priority was to save his father!

With a sound of "Bang!", the original small space was instantly shattered, and the scene of people coming and going on the street was restored. Yueru walked in the front and led the way, Xiao Yan followed behind with Qing Yuan in his arms. Strangely, Xiao Yan When I was holding Qing Yuan, I felt that the fighting spirit and even the strength of my soul in my body were recovering very quickly. Xiao Yi was also very reluctant to go back to Najing, so she changed it a little and wanted to become a The little girl appeared to follow Xiao Yan, but she went back unwillingly under Xiao Yan's warning, with an unhappy expression on her face.

Along the way, even if she had just experienced a life-or-death moment, Yueru seemed to lead the way calmly, because she also knew that her father's time was running out. Those who disagree will take the opportunity...

The consequences are unimaginable!

Before arriving at a street in the Yue Family mansion, Xiao Yan and Yue Ru also made a plan. After entering the courtyard, they would act separately. Yue Ru took Qing Yuan to the lounge to rest, and then came over to meet Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan. Yan went directly to the destination, and then slowly walked towards the huge palace not far away.

On the way, Yueru told Xiao Yan that their Yue family is not peaceful now. In other words, there are some differences in the Yue family. Only a few cronies know about her father's severe injury, so the treatment is also To be done in the dark.

Approaching the extremely majestic mansion, Xiao Yan was surprised to see that there were many people crowded at the door, and these people were all dressed in the robes of alchemists, with a few strands on their chests. The dazzling silver ripples proudly displayed their identity and rank.

"These are the juniors of our family, and you are of course not worth mentioning." Yueru also saw a pharmacist at the door and said.

On the streets where people come and go, all passers-by who pass by will turn their envious and awe-inspiring eyes to the group of alchemists who whisper to each other. In their hearts, pharmacists are a kind of noble A profession like an aristocrat.

"Follow me!" Yue Ru took Xiao Yan and the others into the Yue Family compound from a small path. Xiao Yan also knew that Yue Ru was obviously doing this to avoid the clan disagreement about which people arranged in the Yue Family compound.

"Miss, you're back." Just after entering the gate, a pretty maid hurriedly walked out of the side, and then said a few words to Yue Ru in a soft voice, Yue Ru took Qing Yuan and separated from Xiao Yan, and the maid walked away. is to lead the way ahead.

Following behind the maid in a hurry, Xiao Yan's eyes swept across this luxurious mansion. The towering and magnificent buildings made him nod slightly in secret. Leaving aside other things, this Yue family is indeed worthy of Qingcheng. One of the three major families, such wealth is definitely beyond the reach of ordinary people.

Walking on the path made of cyan gravel, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly narrowed slightly. In his sense, since he entered the depths of the Yue family, his soul sensed a mysterious and powerful aura. Hidden in every corner.

He raised his head inadvertently, and glanced casually over an eaves, where some dark shadows, hidden in the darkness, were painted black, covering the sharp arrow tips reflected by the sun, slowly moving. Moving in the mansion, any slight disturbance will make them deliver the attack in an instant.

"The defense is indeed very strict..." Xiao Yan frowned slightly shook his head helplessly, and looked up at a luxurious hall that appeared at the end of the trail. There was a faint sight of a person standing among them.

"Father!" Just as Yue Ru took Qing Yuan to rest, she hurriedly ran over to meet Xiao Yan, and greeted the maid to go down. Yue Ru was left in a quaint room, Xiao Yan and a man whom Yue Ru called "Father" middle-aged man.

"Yue'er, are you back?" The middle-aged man's loving voice sounded.

"Well, father, I brought back someone who can heal you this time!" Yue Ru pushed Xiao Yan and said, Xiao Yan could see that this girl, Yue Ru, was very interested in her father.

"You, my pain won't get better for a while, so I don't have to work so hard." The middle-aged man shied away, but he was very relieved, because his daughter kept coming to him to heal people, Although it was all unsuccessful, the heart was felt.

"This little friend, the old man Yueyu, since he came to my Yue's house, please ask the little friend to show me." The middle-aged Yueyu looked at Xiao Yan, who was brought back by his daughter, and looked carefully, but found that The young man in front of him doesn't seem to be that simple, even with his own strength, he doesn't seem to be able to see through it.

Xiao Yan looked at the middle-aged man who was a little yellowish in front of his eyes, and was not very good. He murmured to himself, "Five-star Dou Di? He really deserves to be the head of the family." Then he stepped forward, and Xiao Yi also summoned him instantly. , get ready to see what Yueyu said about the incurable pain of non-fire spirits.

At the moment when the fire elf Xiao Yi was summoned, the temperature in the originally mild room instantly increased a lot, and Yue Yu's originally bland eyes suddenly opened and she lost her voice.

"It's actually a fire elf?"