Chapter Vol 4 1673: Crazy idea!

"Woooooo!" In the void surrounded by the four demon guards, a beautiful figure appeared above Xiao Yan's head.

This Qianying is an energy body that emerges from the pure heart, but this Qianying is full of pure power and a violent aura towards the holy flame. This power may not pose any threat to other powerhouses. , but for Xiao Yan who possesses the holy flame, this power is enough to easily suppress the sealed holy flame, and Xiao Yan's journey along the way, a lot of credit should be attributed to the holy flame, if the holy flame is suppressed by the seal, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's cultivation and origin will cause immeasurable damage.

This kind of consequence is undoubtedly something Xiao Yan can bear.

"The pure heart, if nothing else, should be made by human women. These human women are quite special. They are born in the yin and yin. Coupled with some extraterrestrial evil clan's special methods, I am afraid that the pure heart has just formed the nemesis of the holy flame." Seeing the energy body of Qianying that the energy in front of him was becoming more and more intense, and could be completely detonated at any time, Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered, obviously relying on The tyrannical power of his own soul and various factors in his body gave him a deep understanding of the pure heart just now.

"Are you afraid?"

"Suffer to death!" Seeing Xiao Yan's understatement, the leader of the Demon Guard roared, apparently thinking that Xiao Yan was now frightened, but today is the day when Sheng Yan was bleak, and it was also when Xiao Yan fell. Similar to Xiao Yan, the heaven's favorite who can conquer Sheng Yan, the Demon Guard will not let him go, otherwise, once he grows up, it will be a disaster for the evil tribes outside the territory in the future.

Obliterating the master of the holy flame, in subduing and suppressing the holy flame, such a credit, if it is passed back to the mouth of the devil of light, I am afraid that he will also rise to the top because of this.

"Are you afraid?" Hearing the Demon Guard's words, Xiao Yan also sneered, and then made a slight voice, but there was no fear in his voice, instead it was full of arrogance and arrogance.

"Hush!" This voice was not addressed to others, but only to himself. As soon as the voice fell, a **** aura appeared on Xiao Yan's body, which seemed to be provoked by Xiao Yan himself, and permeated from the deepest part of his body. .

"Wong buzzing!"

"Old buddy, are you afraid?" Xiao Yan asked casually when he noticed such violent and fiery fluctuations in his body and blood responding to him.

It seems to be asking about the fighting core in Xiao Yan's body, it seems to be asking about Er Duo Shengyan, or the burning judgment in the body, even Xiao Yan himself doesn't know who to tell, but it is Xiao Yan this The action calmed down the already restless Sheng Yan, and at the same time, there was some power in the body, slowly recovering.

"Since you don't agree... then start rewriting it from now on!"

"The pure heart is also trying to suppress me, let's dream!"

"If no one can crack it, then I will be the first person in the past and present!"

The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils closed slightly, and immediately opened, but You Er noticed that Xiao Yan's pupils seemed to be filled with some kind of power at this time.

"Huoxin Tianyan, come out!"

"The Great Heavenly Seed Crimson Flame, come out!" For a time, the khaki flame and the fiery red flame slowly burst out from Xiao Yan's body. Under Xiao Yan's fierce power, the suppression of the pure heart was reduced to a minimum for a while.

"Have you decided to use the source... But it doesn't matter anymore, it's time to end!" The Demon Guard sneered when he saw Xiao Yan's actions.

When the pure heart appeared, it was an announcement of the fall of the master of the holy flame. The foreign evil race and the great thousand world fought countless times. This is an unwritten rule, and no one has ever been able to break it.

"The fire attribute on this guy is so strong. It turns out that he has the blessings of Saint Flame and the Great Heaven Seed." Seeing this, the powerhouses of the other four academies nodded suddenly, finally understanding Xiao Yan's reliance.

"But then I'm afraid..." As soon as the voice fell, the four souls and the powerhouses of the four courtyards were attacking the Wuzhishan formation. As they attacked like this, it was only a matter of time before the formation shattered.

However, in the dark space at the bottom, the void is squirming, as if some terrifying creature is about to emerge.

"Something's wrong... This piece of void always gives me a sense of unease." For a while, the Four Soul Venerable didn't notice a trace of power falling out of his body.

It is impressive that he is a strong man in the Senate, Qingfeng!

Qingfeng just appeared, and he was hiding, obviously looking for something hidden in this void.

"Heart of Purity!" With a cold snort, the crystal heart of the Heart of Purity swelled violently and exploded abruptly. Qianying's energy body was also like a violently contracting bomb, completely turning into a milky white light. , completely enveloped and bound this void!

At this moment, the radiance is radiant, as if the goddess of light imposes the most severe torture on criminals who violated the law.

"It's good to come!"

"Give it to me!" With the help of the Dragon God Transformation and Fen Jue, Xiao Yan forcibly compressed the two flames together, and immediately turned into a beautiful lotus seed, attacking the pure heart.

"One-colored and half-colored Buddha's Fury Lotus, I hope to buy some time for me."

"Yingying bless me." He casually cast a half-colored lotus seed, and suddenly this extremely terrifying lotus seed actually retreated, and it was completely suppressed by the power of this pure heart in a short time, but This also bought Xiao Yan a lot of time.

"Wong buzzing!"

"The ethereal ice flames, come out!" Immediately, he felt the heartbeat trembling violently in his chest, and a wisp of azure blue liquid flowed down Xiao Yan's atrium to Xiao Yan's palm.

"How could it be... two holy flames?" Even if the entire void was filled with the purifying power of the Heart of Purity, the leader of the Demon Guard noticed that on Xiao Yan's palm, three flames of completely different nature had already gathered!

Moreover, as a foreign evil race, the perception of holy flame is stronger than any human being.

"Susu...that's not enough!" Seeing the shock on the Demon Guard's cheeks, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate at all. He watched three liquid-like flames appear on the palm of his hand in astonishment and opened his mouth.

"Ghost Face Soul Yan, come out!" A roar was piercing the heart, but it was Xiao Yan's roar that caused the eyes of everyone present to become stunned, and even a look of disbelief filled them. eyeball.

"This... This guy actually has three holy flames in his body?"

"How is that possible?" The leader of the Demon Guard looked at Xiao Yan's palm, four clumps of azure blue, cyan, khaki, and fiery red liquid, a rare fear filled his heart! !

Who would have thought that the most tyrannical and rarest Saint Flame in the Great Thousand Worlds actually appeared on a human boy at the same time, and when it appeared, not one or two, but three!

The power generated by the three holy flames is enough to destroy the world!