Chapter 386: The strength of Bamboo Ember!

With the appearance of the gray-clothed old man, there was some fire in the pupils of the soldiers guarding the exit of the underground palace!

Because this person is the deputy head of the Dragon-loving Legion, Ye Mo!

A nine-star fighting emperor level powerhouse!

With this lord in charge, they are also relieved, otherwise, once the old Zhu breaks into the forbidden area, they will not be able to eat and walk around!

Inside the Xuanling royal family, in a quiet bamboo forest, two figures slowly appeared in it.

"It seems to be a failure..." King Xuanling also said slowly.

"King……"

"How is that possible, that is the strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor's perfection, and it's not easy to deal with two five-star Dou Emperor..." Wen Zi, who had a plate, also said inconceivably.

"Nothing is impossible."

"Being able to kill the twin ghost emperors, this Xiao Yan must have some special means in his hands, and that Mu Yingying, I felt a familiar aura from her, but I can't tell you the specifics." King Xuanling was also slightly shaken. Shaking his head.

"With this failure, I don't know when I will have a chance in the future. The potential of these two is also very terrifying." Wen Zi also said helplessly.

"Perhaps now is not the time to think about this matter..." After King Xuanling finished speaking, he also looked up at the sky and found that the sky at this time was changing drastically.

"Bamboo Ember?" Wen Zi was also surprised.

With Wen Zi's old-fashioned eyesight, it was naturally not difficult to spot the violently undulating thunderclouds in the sky at this time.

"It seems that this time failed, Zhu Jin, the immortal old man, will not let it go..." King Xuanling also stared at the dense dark clouds in the sky with lightning and thunder, and then said slowly.

Because even King Xuanling, who stepped into the Nine-Rank Dou Emperor, felt a chill in the sky.

"I'm going to deal with the tail." Wen Zi heard the words and also knew what Xuanling King meant, and then a yellow jade talisman in his hand was instantly crushed. The next moment, the space around Wen Zi squiggled slightly, and then disappeared.

"This fluctuation actually touches the fluctuation of life and death..." King Xuanling shook his head helplessly, then got up slightly and walked towards the place where the underground palace was.

"Zhu Jin, you can't fight with our Xuanling royal family!" The old man Ye Mo also shouted angrily, and then his aura suddenly soared!

"You actually stepped into the Nine Star Dou Di..." The next moment, Zhu Lao was also somewhat surprised.

Ye Mo immediately relaxed a little when he heard the words, and then just when he was about to talk about Zhu Jin, a voice that was not afraid of the sky and the earth suddenly came out.

"If something happens to him."

"There is no need for your Xuanling royal family to exist anymore." Elder Zhu also stood in the air, standing in the void, and beside him, waves of extremely terrifying lightning also passed by Elder Zhu, but they didn't hit. On Zhu Lao's body!

At this time, Elder Zhu looked down on all beings like a thunder king between heaven and earth!

Faced with such a terrifying aura, the old man Ye Mo also said helplessly: "Maybe things are not what you think, why don't we calm down the anger and sit down and talk?"

It's no wonder that Ye Mo has such an attitude, because Ye Mo also knows that he has only just broken through the Nine Star Dou Emperor, and now he is only a Nine Star Dou Emperor at best, not even a Rank Nine Star Dou Emperor...

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As for the old man in front of him, he was already a Rank 7 Nine Star Dou Emperor as early as a hundred years ago. In a hundred years, he may have reached a certain height...

"Humph!"

"Ye Mo, don't think I don't know the good things your Xuanling royal family has done over the years!" Elder Zhu also snorted coldly, his aura showed no signs of weakening.

"Sir, what you are doing is hurting the harmony between our Xuanling Royal Family and Fenxiang Pavilion." Ye Mo continued.

"Get out of the way!" Zhu Lao also found that Ye Mo was blocked at the entrance to the underground palace, and immediately shouted from the sky.

With the sound of Zhu Lao's voice, the thunder cloud around Zhu Jin's sky also suddenly emitted a dazzling lightning beam, and then whizzed straight towards the ground!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying thunder and lightning attack spread to the ground in an instant, and the next moment, the earth-shattering explosion sounded along with many fragments.

A huge pit a hundred feet tall also suddenly appeared in front of Ye Mo!

At this time, Ye Mo's heart was also wiped with sweat, because he also knew that this old Zhu's attack was just a disgrace!

If this terrifying attack hits him, I am afraid it will be very difficult to deal with.

"damn it!"

"This old immortal has already touched Dou Xian, and his current strength is probably the Dou Di of the Nine-Rank Nine-Star Dou Emperor..." Ye Mo also murmured in his heart, and then glanced at the distant sky slightly unwillingly.

"Sir, you will pay the price for your choice this time." Ye Mo said slowly, and then directly retreated from the entrance to the underground palace he was guarding.

This is also impossible!

After all, the person in front of him was a peak powerhouse at the level of the Nine-Rank Nine-Star Dou Di. If he insisted on breaking through, Ye Mo knew that he couldn't stop him no matter what.

"threaten me?"

"I said long ago that if my disciple makes any mistakes on the territory of your Xuanling royal family, I will not let it go." Elder Zhu also said reluctantly.

"This……"

"Isn't this a rogue..." Some of the soldiers guarding the entrance to the underground palace also made some very small voices.

"Forget it, who let people have this strength..." The soldiers also kept saying.

"what?"

"Disciple?" Ye Mo was shocked when he heard this!

The Zhu Jin in front of him, if the strength of the Nine-Rank Nine-Star Dou Di is powerful, but it is not enough to make them extremely afraid!

What's even more terrifying, this Elder Zhu is the number one battle formation master in Xuan Santian!

Dou Formation Master, that is enough to fight the terrifying existence of their entire Xuanling royal family by himself, so even the Xuanling King should be polite to this Zhu Jin!

After all, a hundred years ago, this Zhu Jin was not at the peak of Dou Di's strength, but by virtue of his strength and the strength of Dou Formation Masters, he alone fought against their Dragon Addiction Legion and the eleven Xuanling Kings today!

Moreover, he also seriously injured several of their strong men, so he retreated completely!

That battle can be said to have disturbed the entire Xuan Santian, and it was that battle that established the title of Zhu Jinxuan's first battle formation master!

Therefore, the strength of this Zhujin can only be described in terms of terror!

However, what makes the Xuanling Royal Family gratified is that although this Zhu Jin is extremely terrifying in its own strength, with the addition of the Dou Formation Master, I am afraid that in the entire Xuansan Santian, it is also an existence with only one hand on the sky.

Fortunately, this Zhu Jin did not accept any disciples, otherwise, with the strength of this strong man, over time, a more terrifying battle formation master would definitely be cultivated!

Therefore, Ye Mo was also hearing about the few people who entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond during this trip, and one of them was a disciple of Zhu Jin, and he also understood why this Zhu Jin would take the risk of fighting two superpowers and force his way forward!

"It's a big trouble now..." Ye Mo also shook his head suddenly, then looked at Zhu Jin, who was heading towards the underground palace. This man was a famous guard.

Ask for tickets!