Chapter Vol 4 923: Ghostly seal!

"Xiao Yan?" When Zhu Jin saw the two figures in front of him, his jaw was about to fall out.

"You two, why are you here?"

"I didn't set a seal on the third floor of the underground palace, how can you pay it back?" Zhu Jin was surprised.

"Hey, that formation was cracked by me." Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile upon hearing this.

"Cracked?"

"Good boy." Hearing this, Zhu Jin smiled slowly, but he knew that the formation was extremely powerful for Xiao Yan. If it was cracked by Xiao Yan, it would be enough to show this guy's spiritual strength and the accomplishments of a battle formation master. rising in degree.

"Don't you know how dangerous it is here?" Zhu Jin couldn't help but curse when he saw Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

Although they were scolded, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying both felt a lot of warmth from Zhu Jin's words.

"Forget it, since everyone is here, let's do business first." Fen Tian smiled slowly.

"Let me come."

"The seal that seals this void should be a powerful soul force, so Elder Zhu and the seniors are helpless." Xiao Yan looked at the seniors in the Burning Incense Pavilion in front of him, and said modestly.

And the powerhouses of the Burning Incense Pavilion nodded slightly when they heard the words.

The strangeness of soul power, for those of them who are not focused on cultivating soul power, it is tantamount to a skillful woman who cannot cook without rice.

"Okay, you stinky brat."

"Let's start." Mu Xuzi scolded with a smile when he heard this.

"Hey, good." Xiao Yan heard the words without hesitation, and sat cross-legged directly on top of the silver statue, while Mu Yingying's pupils shrank tightly, staring at the void above everyone's heads.

According to what Xiao Yan said, the guy sealed here also has holy flame, but that guy is called Yan Chi, but his brother is not called Yan Chi...

But at this time, there was a very familiar aura coming from the void, which made Mu Yingying look forward to it. It was the aura of her own brother!

"Boom boom boom!" At this time, Xiao Yan's huge soul force was directly stimulated by him, and then slowly gathered in his hands.

"Come out for me!" Xiao Yan stared fiercely at the void that had collapsed, and then a cold snort poured out from the corner of his mouth!

"Crash!" As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling invisible soul force in his hand was like a dazzling beam of light in the darkness, shining a dazzling light directly above the statue's head.

In a few breaths, Xiao Yan's soul power was actually intercepted by the void, which was extremely mysterious.

"Soul power!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help shouting loudly, but with Xiao Yan mobilizing the huge soul power, the void was slowly unable to support it, and it shattered with a few bangs. , and then revealed his true colors.

Above the head of the silver statue is where Fen Tian and his party stood, and above everyone's head, as the power of Xiao Yan's soul dissipated, a rather shocking scene slowly appeared.

What caught everyone's eyes was a figure imprisoned by countless dark forces. Above the figure, it was extremely sloppy, and even the whole body was filled with a stench.

However, around the figure, there was a strangely gloomy, penetrating ghostly aura that appeared!

And that figure was pierced through the entire body by countless huge chains covered with mysterious black runes.

"This is..." Fen Tian felt the mysterious phantom for the first time and couldn't help but say something.

Rao is due to his dignified two-star fighting power, and he couldn't help being shocked when he saw this. This kind of terrifying restraint, not to mention others, even he himself was extremely thorny.

"That is……"

"Yanchi..." Xiao Yan dissipated his soul power, and then stepped into the void not far from the black shadow, staring intently!

"Quack quack!" Just when Xiao Yan frightened the inhuman figure in front of him, a very strange wave suddenly came from his body!

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan felt this mysterious fluctuation immediately, and immediately began to investigate, but the result of the investigation surprised Xiao Yan!

The source of the agitation was actually the Holy Flame Soul Seed that Xiao Yan had obtained since the points plundering competition!

Moreover, Xiao Yan clearly remembered that his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, had said that this holy flame soul species is clearly flaming!

The restlessness of the Holy Flame Soul Seed can't be for nothing, but the top priority now is to save Yanchi, so it's too late to think about it.

"Do it!" Seeing this, Ling Mengsheng couldn't help but form a bloodshot in his pupils. Yan Chi was his savior at the beginning, but now he was so tormented, and immediately became angry.

"Shabu Shabu!" Ling Mengsheng's voice just fell, and suddenly his figure moved, heading towards the void above the crowd.

"not good!"

"This must be weird!"

"Mengsheng, come back soon!" The next moment, Fen Tian's contemplative pupils shrank tightly, and then exclaimed.

The space around the bound Yanchi has a strange ghostly energy, so it must not be easy!

"Boom boom boom!" But Ling Mengsheng was less than 100 meters away from where Yan Chi was bound, and within one breath, Ling Mengsheng came to Yan Chi.

Then he said softly, "Brother Yan, you are suffering."

"We're here to save you."

After Ling Mengsheng finished speaking, ignoring Fen Tian's words, he directly activated his own power of life and death, and then slowly invaded the extremely dark void, trying to save Yan Chi.

"Don't... hurry up..." And the man who was bound by countless chains raised his head with some difficulty and said in a very labored voice.

"Crash!" At the moment when the man spoke, a very dark black chain suddenly burst out from the strange void. Above the black chain, there were countless ghosts of resentful spirits, extremely eerie and cold, suddenly facing the spirit Mengsheng attacked and left.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Reimu Sheng was just about to escape when the gloomy chain suddenly appeared in front of him, and the next moment, it was ready to penetrate Reimu Sheng's chest.

Ling Mengsheng had no doubts at all, if he was hit by this chain, I'm afraid...

Not to die is also to be seriously injured!

"Don't!" Seeing this, Xuan Mu's pupils couldn't help but turn red for a while, and then the speed skyrocketed!

She knew that if the mysterious chain hit Reimu, I'm afraid it could kill him instantly!

"Come back!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, directly restraining Wu An Muqing.

At the same time, that Fen Tian also waved his hand, and suddenly a fire-attribute fighting immortal power suddenly turned into a huge palm, trying to save Lingmengsheng.

"Boom!" The mysterious chain was about to hit Lingmengsheng, but after being rescued by Fen Tian, ​​he immediately rushed into the air, but with Lingmengsheng's departure, the void returned to calm.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Pavilion Master, I..." Dou Xian's palm directly sent Ling Mengsheng back to everyone, and then Ling Mengsheng said with some guilt.

"It's not your fault."

"It's just that I didn't think of it."

"This binding Yanchi is actually a ghost-eaten seal." After Fen Tian finished speaking, a dignified expression appeared on his face.

On the other hand, Mu Yingying was shocked at this moment, her eyes were hard to move, and she stared at the mysterious man in the void not far away.

"elder brother……"