Chapter Vol 4 1694: Fight 6 stars!

"It's hit."

"Two middle-stage Six-Star Fighting Immortals and one early-stage Six-Star Fighting Immortal..." Xiao Yan looked at the three figures in front of him vigilantly, and couldn't help but said solemnly, this situation obviously exceeded his expectations.

Now it seems that the information they spread out before was wrong. They deliberately concealed it. The purpose of this is to lay a long line and catch big fish. After all, the gap between the middle stage of Six Star Dou Xian and the early stage of Six Star Dou Xian is not a little bit. half o'clock.

"You... what the **** is going on here?" Looking at this scene, Chenxi looked blank, obviously ignorant of this.

"Hey, eldest brother, it's still your expectation that they will take this opportunity to sneak into our place. This trick is to catch the cicada and the oriole behind, which is wonderful."

"It's natural, we are the only way to enter the Senate, there will definitely be some ill-intentioned guys sneaking in, but I didn't expect that Xiao Yan, who is actually a guy from Soul Eater, is wanted by himself. Surprise." The two who just emerged said calmly.

Both of them looked like middle-aged men, in high spirits, dressed in green robes, and their smiles were filled with a strong killing intent.

"..." Xiao Yan and Yuan Feng did not act rashly, they looked at each other and seemed to understand something.

With the strength of the two of them, it is self-evident that it is difficult to break through the enemy's base camp, or even add two middle-stage Six-Star Fighting Immortals and an early Six-Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse.

"Chenxi, you did a good job. Next, take Xiao Yan and send him to the temple. Xiao Yan is not only a sinner in our Soul Eater Realm, but also a guy with a high status in the Soul Devouring Realm. Once he is successfully captured. He, the four palace masters can naturally let Soul Eater retreat without a fight, and at that time, this crisis was also saved from danger." The two figures who just appeared laughed.

Among the two, the eldest is named Xu Xuan, and the other is named Li Yuan, both of whom are in the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortals, but they are brothers with different surnames.

"Xiao Yan, young hero, go!" With a cold snort, Yuan Feng directly surrounded Xiao Yan and looked at the three of them vigilantly.

The two mid-6-star powerhouses, for Yuan Feng, were under a lot of pressure, and Xiao Yan had to be taken into account, the pressure would increase exponentially, and now they can only retreat temporarily.

"It turns out that the mysterious power that is similar to the power of the soul is actually the perception of you walking out..." At this moment, Xiao Yan did not have too much fear, but smiled.

"Yes, since the two of you disguised your identities and entered the Yuanhe, I found something wrong. Later, I used some tricks, and your identities were discovered. By the way, that kid from Captain Tian was just to confirm some things. Your identity." Xu Yun smiled.

"It seems that this time is really a Longtan Tiger's Den." Xiao Yan said helplessly, while speaking, the dazzling undead fire field around him became even more surging, and the gray flames were walking with palpitating power like a **** of death.

"This is... a domain... Holy Flame?" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the three strong men were shocked, but after a brief hesitation, their eyes became dark.

"Now, you can't escape."

"Heaven has a way, you don't go, **** has no door to break in." As soon as he finished speaking, a circle of brown grudge roared out of Xu Min like a tide, and instantly completely wrapped the entire hall. At the same time, Xiao Yan's Inside the Undying Fire Domain, the gray flames turned out to be retreating, and a more dazzling rock attribute domain filled out.

"The rock attribute that controls the power of defense..."

"The power of the Undying Fire Territory must be stronger than him, but unfortunately my strength is too weak." Seeing the Undying Fire Territory in retreat, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, and immediately put away the Undying Fire Territory, just covering his body, trying his best to do his best. Reduce the consumption of grudge.

"What should I do now?" Yuan Feng said sternly as he looked at Xu Xuan who was surrounded by surging rocks, forming a sturdy robe.

"As of now, I can only bite the bullet." Xiao Yan sneered, but his voice was full of dazzling fighting intent. Six-star Dou Xian early stage or even mid-stage powerhouse was enough to truly inspire Xiao Yan's true fighting power. Moreover, Xiao Yan also wanted to try his own limits.

"I'll hold the two Six-Star Fighting Immortals in the middle stage, and leave the rest to you." Yuan Feng didn't wait for Xiao Yan to make any sound, his body shook, and he directly involved the two Six-Star Fighting Immortals in a different space, and even The realm also disappeared, and the hall became quiet for a while.

At the level of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, the energy that erupts during the battle cannot be underestimated, so the powerhouse above the Six-Star Fighting Immortal fight is basically in a special space.

"Little guy, let's take it as soon as you can, it's too weak in the middle stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortals." The remaining Chenxi looked at Xiao Yan's smile and shook his head.

The gap in strength between the two is no longer necessary, and being able to subdue soldiers without fighting is the highest means.

"Immortal Sparrow!" Xiao Yan did not respond to Chen Xi, but called out softly, and then a ghostly cyan beast phantom burst out directly on the surface of Xiao Yan's body.

"Weng buzzing!" As the illusory energy body of this dark blue beast enveloped Xiao Yan, an invisible aura of awe and violence suddenly spread from Xiao Yan's body.

"Heaven... an intermediate-level fighting spirit?" Seeing this scene, especially the blood-red pupils of the fighting spirit like agate, a shock emerged from the bottom of Chenxi's heart.

"Come on!" With the appearance of the undead fighting spirit, although Xiao Yan's strength is still in the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, his combat power has increased geometrically. After all, the effect of the fighting spirit is for fighting. Being born, not only blessing the user's strength, defense and many other factors, so the fighting spirit is also the key to determining the victory or defeat in the field of fighting skills.

"Having three holy flames, a mid-level fighting spirit of heaven, worthy of being the guy on the judgment order in the court of justice."

"But in return, let me show you what a real six-star fighting fairy is. The gap between a five-star fighting fairy and a six-star fighting fairy cannot be made up by a fighting spirit!" At this moment, Chenxi laughed, and immediately The body slightly left the ground, suspended in the middle of the hall, and a profound abyss-like power slowly diffused out of his body.

"Five-star fighting immortals are enough to comprehend the realm, but the cultivation of the field increases with the increase of strength. The six-star fighting immortals seem to be able to step through the void at will and create their own void. Such means of opening the mystery..." Xiao Yan He didn't act rashly, but quietly waited for Chenxi's move.

"Muyu, the world of imprisonment!" With a cold snort, a blue-green aura emerged from Chenxi's body, and immediately formed a small vortex, which suddenly sucked Xiao Yan's figure into it!

As the two disappeared from the hall, Xiao Yan and Chenxi laughed in unison.

Chenxi is naturally jealous of the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body, but if Xiao Yan can be silently obliterated, then these things...

As for Xiao Yan, on the contrary, there is joy, and a different space where no one is disturbed is also the best way to show his strength. ,