Chapter Vol 4 1118: The flame beast appears

"It seems that you know quite a lot." Xiao Yan was a little surprised. Although he possessed two kinds of holy flames in blue and yellow, under Xiao Yan's deliberate contraction, most people would not be able to sense that this was holy flame. This is more tyrannical than ordinary flames.

"Boy, I didn't expect you to have a holy flame in your body!"

"Susu!"

"It's really God helping me!"

"This immortal is really worried about how to get through the first catastrophe, and I will send you to my door when I don't expect you."

"If it devours you, with the power of holy flame, let alone the second catastrophe, even the third catastrophe, I will not be afraid at all."

"Hahaha!" At this time, the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast looked at Xiao Yan and laughed loudly. The voice was extremely rude and terrifying like an ogre.

Xiao Yan naturally knew that an ordinary beast whose strength reached the level of fighting immortals could cultivate into a human form, or survive a catastrophe, thus giving birth to a mind that was no weaker than a human being. It is very likely that the strength has reached the battle of immortals, but it has not yet passed the catastrophe.

"Then let's see if you have the ability!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly when he heard the words, and took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him, and the power of the blue-yellow holy flame was poured into it continuously, obviously preparing to use some powerful attack.

"That kid, what are you doing..." And above the sky, Yu Quan, who was just about to shoot, watched Xiao Yan directly pass them and came to the Azure Bull Heavenly Wood Spirit Beast, and couldn't help roaring.

Although Yu Quan is of the wind attribute, since he left the Ghost King City and came to the Ghost King Ridge to look for the Ghost Moon Well, the head of the Yu family had told him that he had to bring back the body of this Azure Niu Tianmu Soul Beast intact.

Although Yu Quan didn't know the reason for this request from the head of the family, he intuitively told the Yu family that there must be some treasure in the body of the Azure Niu Tianmu spirit beast, which is why Yu Quan was so sure to win this spirit beast.

"Damn."

"This damned sonic attack." The other peak Dou Emperor powerhouses were struggling to support at this time. Obviously, the sonic attack from the Azure Bull Heavenly Wood Soul Beast caused them extremely strong pressure.

The next moment, the battle between Xiao Yan and the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast started instantly.

"Boom boom boom!" The Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast took the lead, and the huge figure jumped directly. The two strong horns on the head aimed directly at Xiao Yan, and whistled away.

"Good guy!" And Xiao Yan also sensed the intention of the Azure Ox and Tianmu Spirit Beast, and said something slightly, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on his palm stood directly in front of his chest, trying to resist.

"Bang bang bang!" Within a breath, the two horns of the Azure Bull Tian Mulan directly faced Xiao Yan's Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler.

"It's broken, this guy's power is too tyrannical." Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire with both hands, and the power of holy flame emerged, struggling to resist the power of the two horns of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast.

"Boy, don't underestimate me!" Seeing that Xiao Yan and himself seemed to be evenly matched, the Qingniu Tianmu Spirit Beast opened its mouth slightly and said with a smile.

"It's not good!" And the moment Xiao Yan spoke the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast, he felt that something was wrong, because above the horns, a tyrannical force continued to emerge, and it was vague that he could not be defeated. stand up.

"Go to hell!" As soon as the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast finished speaking, a dazzling silver light suddenly appeared above its horns, and then it attacked Xiao Yan like a broken bamboo.

"Bang Bang Bang!" A series of attacks, even if Xiao Yan relied on the power of the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler and the Holy Flame, he was still invincible.

"Peng Peng!" After being attacked vigorously by the horns of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast, Xiao Yan flew out.

"Strange... isn't it said that Saint Flame is extremely tyrannical, how could it be so weak?"

"Could it be that this kid doesn't know how to use holy flames?" The Azure Ox Tianmu spirit beast looked at Xiao Yan's embarrassed figure and said depressedly.

The current strength of the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast is already in the middle stage of the one-star Dou Xian, but Xiao Yan's strength is only at the peak of Dou Di, but with the power of holy flame, even the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast dare not underestimate it.

"It doesn't matter, let's kill this guy first, otherwise there will be another guy from the Yu family, and that guy is also very strong." The Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast didn't think about other things for the time being, and said slowly.

The next moment, Qingniu Tianmu's whole body shone with silver light, even if it was a huge figure, it moved as fast as a ghost, and attacked directly at the place where Xiao Yan flew out.

And the double horns on its head grew crazily in an instant, and in a short time it grew to ten meters long. There was silver light above the double horns, and the sharp edges of the horns seemed to be able to kill with one blow.

"Boy, you are playing with your life..." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, the Soul Eater in the body couldn't help but say, but after the sacrifice in Xuantian before, the Soul Eater also Don't dare to be sloppy, and be vigilant at all times. Once Xiao Yan's plan fails, he will take action instantly!

"Damn..." Xiao Yan flew out backwards without making any preparations, but seeing the Azure Bull and Heavenly Wood Spirit Beast attacking him, the attack was so powerful that he was afraid that he would be hard to resist.

"Aren't you coming out yet..." A wry smile appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, apparently trying to use suicide to force the flaming beast to appear, but it seemed that he failed.

"Alas..." And Xiao Yan sighed slightly, the sharp horns of the blue ox and the sky wood spirit beast approached him three meters away, and the next moment would completely obliterate Xiao Yan.

"Pfft and Xiao Yan also felt that this plan had failed. Just as he was about to emerge the power of holy flame in his body to protect himself, he noticed something rather mysterious.

"Boom boom boom!" The horns of the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast directly hit two extremely strong crystals, and then a cyan flame, a khaki flame, lingered directly around its horns and shook it back. go!

"asshole!"

"What kind of power is this!" Upon realizing this scene, the Azure Ox Tianmu Soul Beast couldn't help but shout, and the figure hurriedly retreated.

"Finally... Are you willing to come out..." And Xiao Yan looked at the two cyan crystals and khaki crystals, a fierce flame beast exuding a domineering aura, walking in the air!

"Ow!" As soon as the flame beast came out, it opened its mouth and roared at the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast.

"What is this?" Seeing this, some of the powerhouses below who were blocked by the sonic attack couldn't help but look at each other. Obviously, they thought Xiao Yan was just a reckless man, and he was about to fall under the attack of the Azure Ox and Sky Wood Spirit Beast just now. But out of nowhere, a rather cute little monster was summoned.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It's just that this flaming beast looks cute, but how can it help this level of battle?

"This guy seems to have a familiar aura... Could it be the king of beasts, right?" And the Azure Niu Tianmu Soul Beast, after seeing the roar of the flame beast, was directly fearful, a trace of fear in his heart. Originating from the pressure of the superior, it permeated from the bottom of his heart, and an uneasy thought emerged in his heart.