Chapter Vol 4 2111: Xiao Lei's choice!

The Holy See Second Faith lost.

Although this situation is unbelievable for countless people, he really lost.

He lost to that mighty demon, and he lost so clearly.

"Child of Light, this demon has a strange power, be careful."

Hill gave Liu Hao a breathless glance, and immediately walked towards the ground below.

He has angel wings, one white and one purple, and is invincible under reincarnation, but when facing Xiao Yan, the extremely terrifying power in his body was greatly affected by both Xie Yan and Xiemu. Therefore, he was defeated by the demon Xiao Yan.

"A defeated general!"

Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent, staring at Liu Hao coldly, the power of the devil in his body suddenly churned, as if he wanted to strangle Liu Hao.

Until now, Xiao Yan had not used all the power of the devil, otherwise, once the power filled in the Devil's Rubik's Cube tilted out, the entire medicine world would collapse in an instant.

I don't know why, with the blessing of Xiao Yan's demon power now, Xiao Yan has become an invincible existence under the reincarnation level. He is so tyrannical, he can actually smell an extremely terrifying fluctuation from Liu Hao.

It seems that the current Liu Hao has undergone earth-shaking changes from when he was in the ancient clan before!

Many powerhouses below joined forces to deal with Austin, but they did not use the trump card, they were just anxious about each other.

"kill!!!"

"Light!"

Liu Hao was too lazy to talk nonsense with a dead man, his body slowly rose into the sky, the corners of his mouth murmured softly, and the light and spiritual sound of Sanskrit sounded.

"Whoa!"

As Liu Hao's voice fell, more sacred and pure rays of light appeared around his body, and after a while, it turned into countless large and small milky white vortexes under his control!

Those vortices just emerged, and suddenly the energy of the whole world suddenly became restless, and countless threads of light quickly converged towards Liu Hao, decorating his entire body with a special sacredness.

He seems to be condensing the power of light!

"This guy is actually absorbing the power of light... He must not be allowed to proceed smoothly."

If it is allowed to absorb like this, it is very likely that it will cause fatal damage to himself. At that time, Xiao Yan frowned, the wood attribute and the power of the devil squirmed together, and then acted.

In the milky white vortex, the suction is extremely terrifying. In just an instant, the bright aura on Liu Hao's body has increased a lot. This bright aura has a fatal suppression and threat to evil forces.

"Boom!"

"Devil Evil Wood!"

Xiao Yan felt the extreme bright aura on Liu Hao's body, an unprecedented oppression hit, and suddenly Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's pupils, etc. were undergoing extremely strange changes.

The monstrous fighting spirit and terrifying evil power are making a comeback!

"I do... right?"

Inside his soul realm, Xiao Lei looked at the outside world with flickering eyes, as if the fiery in his heart was completely suppressed at this moment, and he shook his head while looking at the danger Xiao Yan was facing.

However, above Xiao Lei's illusory body, a light group of thunder flashing with countless thunders beat violently.

There are several energies of different strengths lingering on the thunderbolt, just like a human heart, and every beat will bring out a lot of life breath!

Although I don't know why Xiao Lei can condense this kind of thing, but once he swallows this Thunder Heart, I am afraid that he will gain a new life and completely break away from Xiao Yan!

But seeing Xiao Yan being attacked on both sides, Xiao Lei hesitated when he thought about Xiao Yan's past.

"He can obviously escape here with the power of the devil, but why is he here to fight against the powerhouses of the Holy See?"

"Is he not afraid of death?"

"Or...he's protecting these guys."

"He's fighting for these guys?"

Xiao Lei did not devour the heart of Thunder, but quietly looked at Xiao Yan's attitude outside, as if his enthusiasm for breaking away from Xiao Yan had been restrained.

...

"Burn me!"

"Tangle me!"

Xiao Yan was full of anger, and the endless killing intent swept through. The cold, evil and charming power shot up into the sky and shot at Liu Hao.

"Dong dong dong."

Facing Xiao Yan's terrifying offensive, Liu Hao smiled slightly.

This smile was extremely contemptuous and disdainful, as if mocking Xiao Yan.

"Crack."

With a sound, Xiao Yan's seemingly terrifying attack fell into the vortex of light around Liu Hao without a trace, but it did not stir up any waves. But the divine might is even more powerful!

"how come……"

At this moment, there was a rare palpitation in the eyes of the demon Xiao Yan. It seemed that Liu Hao at this time was no longer a human being, but more like an apostle of light, a true child of light!

"Devil... accept God's punishment!"

"Boom!"

Countless vortexes of light instantly formed a battle drum of more than 1,000 feet in the sky. The drum sound was terrifying to the soul. It stood in front of Liu Hao, and his palm gently beat the drum of light!

"Dong Dong Dong!"

Liu Hao's palm beat on the bright battle drum, and countless pleasant musical notes emerged. In the entire sky, countless demonic powers and demonic breaths were directly pressed back into Xiao Yan's body by these sacred musical notes, and a shock appeared in Xiao Yan's heart!

Xiao Yan only felt that he suddenly fell into an icy shrine, and countless sacred notes washed and purifies the demonic power on his body. If this continues, he will definitely die!

"No, you must not use the clan marks of the Xiao clan... These guys are just guessing that I am a member of the Xiao clan. There is no definite evidence. Once I use the power of clan marks, the consequences will be disastrous!"

"The power of holy flame doesn't work either..."

"Dragon God Transformation... Fighting Soul will not work either."

Xiao Yan forcibly endured this kind of torture that was different from ordinary people. His teeth were buzzing, and countless demon powers were buzzing violently, telling endless evil.

"God, come!"

Seeing Xiao Yan's huge demon body being imprisoned by countless milky white silks, unable to move, Liu Hao was not ready to let Xiao Yan go, and the high-pitched Sanskrit chanted.

"Wong Buzz!"

Fan Yin fell, and the thousand-zhang battle drum shattered, turning into a bright holy sword over a thousand feet in size, slowly condensing on the top of this world!

"How can it be?"

"The Holy See Judgment Holy Sword?"

At this moment, looking at the shocking brilliance of the holy sword on Liu Hao's body in the sky, Yao Wan and other high-level officials, who have always been calm, shrank their pupils violently and lost their voices.

The Holy See Judgment Holy Sword is one of the few strongest single attacks in the Holy See. Although the power does not reach the forbidden technique, it is an invincible existence under the forbidden technique.

On the body of the Holy Judgment Sword, countless divine radiance slowly intertwined, forming a beautiful chain of judgment, among which pieces of milky white feathers continued to fall, showing the endless holiness and suppressing all evil.

"The holy sword of judgment."

Xiao Yan murmured and raised his head Looking at Liu Haona's sarcastic smile and the holy sword of judgment that purifies the world, the blood of the devil in his body tumbled violently, and on the skin wrapped in the devil's evil clothes, the hair fell down Standing upright, the muscles were tense, and a fearful aura that looked at death as if at home swept out.

At the same time, the Devil's Cube also began to wriggle, as if trying to tilt out all the devil's power.

"cut!"

Liu Hao held the Holy Sword of Judgment, suddenly raised it high above his head, and then circled around his chest. After the dazzling divine brilliance was extremely dazzling, he waved it directly at Xiao Yan.

"demon!!!"

Xiao Yan roared angrily, the power of countless demons gathered, the dark green energy in his eyes overflowed into layers of evil mist that enveloped Xiao Yan, and his whole body gathered strength, trying to resist the sword with the power of demons.

The earth-shattering energy ripples ran around, and the whole world seemed to be completely pierced by the attacks of these two people, which was extremely miserable.

full book