Chapter 310: The strange Dou Di River!

"This Dou Di River seems to be a little different..." As soon as Xiao Yan entered the Dou Di River, he felt an extremely warm aura coming towards his face.

Then at the same time, Xiao Yan's huge soul power was also covered, and he found that there were many light clusters around him, and there seemed to be something in the light clusters...

Many light groups stared at Xiao Yan eagerly.

"Originally, I wanted to find Dou Dihe to condense the body of a Dou Emperor for you after you joined the Fenxiang Pavilion. After all, this body of Dou Di is a great way to save your life..." The voice of my own master Jinlongwang was also the same. The echo echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Um……"

"Where are their people?" Xiao Yan came back to his senses and suddenly found that Mu Yingying and the others had disappeared without a trace.

"Don't look for it, this Dou Di River is an independent space. When they entered, they were immediately teleported, so you can't find them." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just when Xiao Yan was stunned, an invisible force in the surrounding white space was viciously grabbing at Xiao Yan. Seeing this, Xiao Yan also hurriedly activated Dou Di to resist, but no matter what Xiao Yan did Struggling, but also unable to escape.

"Humph!"

"Just because you are a fourth-rank fighting emperor, do you want to accept my disciple?" The Golden Dragon King snorted coldly, then waved it casually, and a terrifying wave suddenly dissolved the invisible power.

Xiao Yan was also gasping for breath. Obviously, the invisible fluctuation just now, if it wasn't for his master, the Golden Dragon King, I am afraid that he would no longer be here now.

"Master, where are we going now..." Xiao Yan also said.

"The place where you are now is the entrance of this Dou Di River. At this entrance, there will be some light groups with Dou Di's body randomly, and Dou Di's body in the light group. They were all strong before their death. He has been sojourned in the Dou Di River by special means, waiting to find someone who is suitable for him and bestow his body as Dou Di, so as not to let his unique skills be lost."

"This is also a kind of rebirth in disguise." The Golden Dragon King also continued to speak.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"However, there are two ways to obtain this Dou Emperor's body. One is to rely on one's own strength to condense it out..." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly.

"What about the other kind?" Xiao Yan also asked in doubt, then stared at his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Another kind..."

"It's just a loan!"

"In other words, it is to obtain the body of a Dou Di who lives in this Dou Di Hanoi." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"What's the difference between the two..." Xiao Yan also wondered. Obviously, he knew very little about Dou Di's body, so he opened his mouth.

"The difference between the two is that the body of the Dou Emperor that you condensed is very compatible with yourself, and it is quite handy to fight, but with your current strength, the body of the Dou Emperor that you condense, at best, will not More than six grades."

"As for obtaining the body of the Dou Di of this Dou Di Hanoi strong man, whether it is formidable or tyrannical, it is far superior to what you condensed yourself."

"So what's your choice..." The Golden Dragon King also stared at Xiao Yan with a smile, and said jokingly.

"Naturally it's the latter." Xiao Yan also laughed slowly, and obviously understood why his master, the Golden Dragon King, resisted the invisible force that was trying to seize him!

Because this Dou Di Hanoi has only one chance!

Once attracted by that invisible force, Xiao Yan also lost his qualifications to find other tyrannical fighting emperors.

"hehe, not bad."

"As for the tyranny of this Dou Di, when you get it, you'll know how huge the difference is between one of these grades." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan was also excited. Obviously, when he fought against the Soul Heaven Emperor in the Dou Qi Continent, he knew the tyranny of the Dou Emperor's body, so he was unavoidably excited when he wanted to regain the Dou Emperor's body.

"There seems to be an extremely terrifying existence in this Dou Di River..." Xiao Yan's huge soul power also covered this Dou Di River, and then Xiao Yan also discovered that the space of this Dou Di River is too complicated, even if it is his own Emperor Realm The soul power of the peak of the ordinary level can only be detected partially...

It's just that Xiao Yan also vaguely felt that there seemed to be an extremely terrifying existence in the depths of the Dou Di River, and many surrounding forces were quite afraid of this force!

"Have you found it?" The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"The purpose of our trip is him." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"This..." Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, and his face was full of disbelief. The power in the deepest part of Dou Di Hanoi should be the most powerful being!

In front of him, his current strength is just like an ant.

"But...it's worth a try." Xiao Yan's eyes became hot after being surprised for a while.

Although I don't know that the deepest power in Hanoi is a Ji-Rank Dou Emperor, but if I think about it, it will not be weaker than myself.

After all, the body of the Dou Emperor that he condensed was only the rank of sixth-rank, although Xiao Yan still did not know how far apart there was in the body of the Dou-Emper who was one rank.

But I can also feel it from my master, the Golden Dragon King. The difference is definitely not a little bit.

"Let's go then."

"This power seems to be familiar, maybe it is a strong person I knew before." The Golden Dragon King also pondered a little, and then said.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan replied softly, and then covered his body with milky white flames, heading towards the depths of the Dou Di River!

Along the way, Xiao Yan also encountered a lot of powerful forces. Just from the perspective of his strength, Xiao Yan could feel it. If he obtained the body of Dou Di in the light group of these strengths, his rank should not be lower. ...

But Xiao Yan was heading towards the deepest part of Dou Di Hanoi, because Xiao Yan also knew the purpose of his trip!

"Old Zhu." Mu Xuzi was also in the hall, guarded by the Dou Di River, but at this time an old man appeared outside the Dou Di River.

The old man had a lazy face, but his eyes were fixed on Dou Dihe, and then he said, "Hehe, what a greedy kid..."

"I actually want to touch the body of the tenth-rank Dou Di..." The old man who Mu Xuzi called Zhu Lao also spoke slowly There was some surprise in his voice.

"What?" When Mu Xuzi heard the words, his originally calm expression became strange!

This Dou Emperor Hanoi has the body of a tenth-rank Dou Emperor!

But Mu Xuzi also knew that this tenth-rank Dou Emperor was a real power during his lifetime!

At least they are much stronger than them...

If you really want to say it, it seems that only the pavilion master of the incense-burning pavilion who sees the head but does not see the end can be compared.

Moreover, Mu Xuzi seemed to remember that the old Zhu Zhu in front of him also tried to challenge this tenth-rank fighting emperor when he was young...

the result……

He was completely tortured!

So this is also the shame of Zhu Lao these years.

However, Elder Zhu's current status is that of the elder of their Human Palace.

The elders who can join the three halls of heaven, earth and people have the lowest strength and must reach the level of the seven-star fighting emperor...

"This Xiao Yan is really a daring boy..."

"But if you have the ability, you can show me this tenth-rank Dou Di." Mu Xuzi also said slowly to Dou Di Hanoi.

"Hey, this kid really isn't a fuel-efficient lamp..." Old Zhu shook his head too, and then stopped talking, the two quietly waited for their success outside the Dou Di River.

Ask for tickets!