Chapter Vol 4 971: back to the pavilion

Xuan Santian is a fairly fertile land. On this land, many powerful sects have been formed, and these sects have also cultivated heroes from all sides with the efforts of countless generations.

Among them, the most grand event in the entire Xuantian three days is the sect competition.

The sect competition, as the name suggests, is the common prosperity of all the powerful forces in the Xuantian three days.

The winners of the sect competition are very richly rewarded. It is said that every time the guy who wins the sect competition is a stepping stone to become a Dou Xian in the future, so this has attracted countless Xuantian powerhouses.

"Tomorrow, the sect competition will start."

"Why isn't this kid Xiao Yan coming back?" Fen Tian's resentful voice resounded at Fen Tian's residence in the Fenxiang Pavilion.

In this sect competition, I am afraid that the biggest variable in their entire Burning Incense Pavilion is Xiao Yan.

"I said old man Fentian, what about you?"

"That kid didn't swear that he would win the championship, he would definitely come back."

"It's useless for you to be in a hurry now." Yan Chi on the side laughed.

"You bastard, of course you don't understand being a hands-off shopkeeper. I'm thinking of the whole sect."

"Xiao Yan is the strongest person at present. With him around, I can rest assured in this sect competition. Without his leadership, I am afraid that this time our Fenxiangge disciples will suffer heavy losses again."

"We can no longer afford that kind of loss."

"If he doesn't come back tomorrow, then in this sect competition, we will abstain from Fenxiang Pavilion." Fen Tian said.

"Are you crazy?"

"The place where the sect competes has a great opportunity, let other sects get it?" Yan Chi said incredulously.

"During the sect competition, the Xuanling royal family will definitely kill us like in previous years, so if we are not prepared, I will definitely not let our disciples take risks."

"That price is too high." Fen Tian seemed to remember some bad memories and said.

"Don't worry, I am also optimistic about this little guy. I believe he will come back on time." Yan Chi smiled.

"Then I'll borrow your auspicious words."

"By the way, how is the injury in your body?" Fen Tian asked without forgetting.

"It's almost healed, no major problem." Yan Chi smiled, but until now, no one had noticed the faint bloodstain behind Yan Chi.

"That's good." Fen Tian smiled when he heard the words.

"By the way, is the Burning Heaven Array still in your hands?" Yan Chi suddenly asked after a while.

"Why are you asking this?" Fen Tian was asked by Yan Chi, and immediately noticed that something was wrong with Yan Chi.

The Fentian formation is comparable to the formation of the Dou Xian level powerhouse, and it can be regarded as the treasure at the bottom of Fentian's box. Yanchi has never asked about it before.

"It's alright, just ask." After Yan Chi finished speaking, the two also quieted down.

Another place.

"Why hasn't Big Brother come back?" Xiao Yi asked a little worried in her heart.

"Should be back soon, right?" And Mu Feng couldn't figure out why Xiao Yan hadn't come back.

"Dong, dong, dong." At this moment, the door of Wuzhuju was knocked on.

"Who is it?" Xiao Yi got up and hurried to open the door.

"Uh... Mu Yingying?" Xiao Yi opened the door, surprised.

However, relying on Xiao Yi's strength, she discovered that Mu Yingying's strength was unprecedented at the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di.

Although Xiao Yi knew that Mu Yingying was a holy flame, the speed at which she leveled up made her tongue twitch.

"Where's Xiao Yan?" Mu Yingying glanced at her casually, and she could see that her personality had changed a bit since Yan Chi came back.

"Big brother went out to run errands and hasn't come back yet." Xiao Yi said helplessly.

"Tomorrow, the sect competition will start."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Then I'll come back tomorrow." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she turned and left without any hesitation.

"It's really strange." Xiao Yi said slowly, and then stopped talking.

"Boom boom boom!" And right here, Fen Tianyu above the Fenxiang Pavilion suddenly became restless!

Then a dazzling light flashed out directly, and eight figures appeared in an instant.

"I'm back." Xiao Yan looked at this familiar space and immediately laughed.

"Slightly slightly..." At this time, the breath of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace was not very good, so they coughed.

"Let's go to the pavilion first." After finishing speaking, the leading senior brother, Mu Tianyuan, took everyone away.

"what?"

"The Xuanling royal family actually sent people to surround and kill you?" In Fen Tian's residence, the seven people in the Heavenly Palace spoke vividly, while Yan Chi and Xiao Yan sat quietly beside them.

"Pavilion Master, I don't know why the rumors leaked. When we were guarding the entrance to the ghost world, we were sneaked by Xuanmu, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family, with a strong man, and we were in danger. If Junior Brother Xiao Yan hadn't appeared at the end, I'm afraid we..." Mu Tianyuan said. .

"What happened to the members of the Xuanling royal family in the end?" After a slight pause, Fen Tian asked.

"The two wolf-headed wolf-dragons in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, and the third prince, Xuanmu, are all dead."

"The kind that turned to ashes." At this time, Xiao Yan stood up and said.

"Are you dead?" Fen Tian was not too surprised when he heard the words, after all, the two forces had been at odds for a long time.

"Good boy, it's really heartwarming."

"That guy Xuanmu has a smart mind. The countless powerhouses in our Fenxiang Pavilion fell under his conspiracy and tricks. It's really heartwarming." Fen Tian laughed.

"Kill Xuanling King's most important prince, Qi Haoran also fell into Xiao Yan's hands before adding, I'm afraid Xuanling King will not give up." Yan Chi said with some worry.

"Go down and rest. UU reading www.uukanshu.com"

"The specific rules of the sect competition will be reported tomorrow." Fen Tian said with a smile.

"Yes." After hearing the words, many strong men nodded, and then went down to rest.

At this time, in the distant royal family of Xuanling, King Xuanling's eyes shrank tightly, and a crazy thought suddenly emerged.

"Xiao Yan child, deceiving people is too much!"

"This time, you will die!" King Xuanling said with a grim expression, obviously through the bloodstains on Yan Chi's body, you vaguely heard their conversation!

"Come on, let me know those guys who are competing in the sect!"

"This Xiao Yan, with his corpse smashed into ten thousand pieces at this time, can only relieve the hatred in my heart!" King Xuanling roared.

"King Xuanling, are you crazy?" At this moment, a trace of blood demon aura suddenly appeared on King Xuanling's body and said.

"I'm not crazy!"

"The sons and disciples of labor and capital were killed by this **** beast, and I must avenge this revenge!" King Xuanling said coldly.

"You..." The Gorefiend was hesitant when King Xuanling said so.

"You should also send the other powerhouses of your Gorefiends to the place where the sect competes."

"Ghost world, super sect, foreign evil race."

"This time the sect competition will be very lively, so much human blood should be enough for you." King Xuanling said with a smile.

"Then let's have a showdown in the sect competition." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, he also laughed maliciously.

: . :