Chapter 639: Lingxuan's strength (Happy Mid-Autumn Festival)

"Humph!"

"Lingxuan, you rejected me directly in front of many brothers and sisters and made me disgraced. Today, I will let you know what regret is!" Xu Zhu said viciously, and the power of white life slowly radiated from her body. come out.

After arriving at the Six-Star Dou Emperor, after passing through the six-star Dou Emperor's life calamity, the Dou Qi in his body has slowly transformed into the white energy of life.

"Humph."

"Although I admit that what I did in the first place was indeed a bit wrong, this lady is not something you can chase after you want to." Ling Xuan suddenly snorted, and then a strong breath emanated from her body.

The reason why she rejected Xu Zhu in the first place was not because of Xu Zhu's talent or strength, but because Lingxuan vaguely felt that Xu Zhu had a ghost in her heart.

"Look at the move!" Xu Zhu looked at Lingxuan's enormous strength of life, and immediately roared, then moved slightly forward, and roared towards Lingxuan!

"Fire whip!" Lingxuan let out a coquettish roar, and then the power of life around her body was mixed with the power of flame, and then the **** of life suddenly transformed into a fiery red flame whip, which slowly wrapped around Lingxuan's hands.

"Earth shield!" Seeing this, Xu Zhu was slightly startled, this Lingxuan was far from being as powerful as she is now, why is she so powerful now?

However, Xu Zhu did not hesitate. The next moment, the power of life directly formed a huge light shield of nearly five meters in front of her, trying to use the light shield to stop Ling Xuan's attack.

A rather comical scene suddenly happened, Na Lingxuan kept twitching the fire whip in her hand, and waved waves of fire with fierce energy to attack Xu Zhu's light shield, and Xu Zhu could only suffer for this. Hard to support.

The two were at a stalemate because of this.

"Captain, that person seems to have strange qualities." While Xu Zhu and Lingxuan were fighting with each other, the only woman in the Rainbow Team slowly came to the captain's place, pointed at Xiao Yan not far away, and whispered softly. .

I don't know why, this woman actually felt an extremely terrifying fluctuation from Xiao Yan.

This woman's name is Ai Lin, and she is the only woman in the Rainbow Team. Although her strength is only a five-star Dou Di, but in the team where the other four members of the Rainbow Team are all six-star Dou Di strong, no one dares to do so. Look down on her.

Because Ai Lin possesses some peculiar powers, such as the means of detection and surveillance and huge soul power, even if Ai Lin is not a pharmacist, his soul power is much stronger than that of ordinary people, which also makes the Rainbow Team attach great importance to him. , After all, in this Luoling Mountain tempering, if there are not some strange people, I am afraid it is extremely difficult to walk.

As for the captain of the Rainbow Team, his name is Feng Ling, who is a real mid-stage six-star Dou Di.

Even though his strength is only in the middle stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor, but Feng Ling's strength, if he is against the middle stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor of the same level as Shang Lingxuan, I am afraid that he will be defeated within ten moves.

If it is said that Xu Zhu and Lingxuan are both in the middle stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor, then Feng Ling's strength is no different from reaching the peak of the middle stage of the Six Star Dou Emperor, and it is only one step away from the late Six Star Dou Emperor.

"I also found some weirdness about this person, but I can't tell exactly what is weird." Team Rainbow Captain Feng Ling said slowly.

Just from his own perception, he found that Xiao Yan's strength was unfathomable, and that Mu Yingying next to Xiao Yan was extremely beautiful, but a closer look made Feng Ling feel a chill. The strength is extremely terrifying.

"The overall strength of this Rainbow Team is not bad. The strength of this captain is probably about to enter the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. As for the others, there is a middle-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor and two early-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor. Adding that woman, The strength of this team should not be underestimated." Green Flute's keen sense of smell naturally found the eyes of the Fengling team, and immediately her beautiful eyes flashed slightly and said.

"That woman seems to have some secrets..." Xiao Yan didn't have the heart to pay attention to these. Although the strength of the captain of the Rainbow Team should not be underestimated, it was far from the point where Xiao Yan was afraid. He was the only one in the Rainbow Team. The woman surprised Xiao Yan.

"The battle seems to have reached the white-hot stage." I don't know who said something, the two people who were at a stalemate in front of Xiao Yan and the Rainbow team suddenly burst out and launched an attack in an instant!

"Huo Jiao!" Ling Xuan let out a coquettish cry, tightly holding the huge fire whip in her hand, and then she swung her right hand vigorously, and suddenly a fire Jiao mingled with hot waves of fire suddenly appeared in the space in front of her.

This fire dragon just appeared, and suddenly a force of life that was several times stronger than before suddenly filled out. The force of life was also mixed with a lot of terrifying power of flames, which made people's scalp numb.

The fire dragon just appeared, and the temperature in this space suddenly rose, and then Xu Zhu's complexion was extremely ugly, because the predecessor of the fire dragon was transformed by the power of the seventh rank, and it contained the flame of Lingxuan. The power of life, if resisting this fire dragon, obviously need to pay a lot of price, after all, the rank between the power of life is not so easy to make up for.

"drink!"

"Earth shield!"

"Break it for me!" Xu Zhu didn't have time to think too much, so she had to condense the energy of life in front of her to form a larger white light shield, trying to resist the attack, but no one found Xu Zhu. On the other hand, a terrorist attack condensed by the power of life is slowly brewing.

"Xu Zhu!"

"It's over!" With the tyrannical power of a seventh-rank student, Lingxuan forcibly consumed a lot of Xu Zhu's power in a short period of time. Immediately optimistic about the opportunity, she suddenly burst out with a powerful blow, trying to destroy this Xu Zhu. beat.

"Although this Lingxuan has a good temperament, she still lacks some practical experience. Maybe she didn't realize that Xu Zhu has already decided to go all out." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, everything Xu Zhu did naturally couldn't escape Xiao Yan's eyes.

"In the end, I still have too little experience." Naturally, Mu Yingying also found out what was wrong with Lingxuan, and immediately shook her head.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" While the two were talking Xu Zhu, who had always been at a disadvantage, suddenly broke through the light shield in front of her, and immediately slapped Ling Xuan with her palm!

A majestic force of life with destructive fluctuations directly hit Lingxuan!

"Damn!" When Ling Xuan saw this, she was slightly startled. Obviously, Ling Xuan didn't expect this Xu Zhu to have this trick. This Xu Zhu was clearly beaten by herself before, so why is there such a terrifying offensive now? .

But what Ling Xiao didn't know was that the reason why Xu Zhu had been showing weakness before was to kill him with one blow at this critical moment. After all, Xu Zhu knew that there was an insurmountable gap in each rank of the power of life. !

"Go to hell!" Xu Zhu's eyes were red, flashing madly, and her speed was extremely fast. In a short period of time, she smashed the fire dragon transformed by the power of Lingxuan's life. The breath did not decrease but increased, and she slapped Lingxuan abruptly!

If this palm is shot, I'm afraid this Lingxuan will have to peel off her skin if she doesn't die!

"It's too late..." The next moment, Lingxuan hurriedly wanted to withdraw her life force to defend herself, but Lingxuan realized that she was too late in such a short time, and there was a flicker of fear in her eyes.

"Am I going to die like this?" Feeling the terrifying fluctuations that were getting closer, Ling Xuan only felt that the space around her body was frozen, and she couldn't do anything.

A chill poured into my heart!

Ask for tickets!

Happy Mid-Autumn Festival everyone!

Five more today!