Chapter 213: Refine the ruler spirit and break through the 4-star Doudi!

"Xiao Yan, what do you want to do!" Long Yi also said angrily. Obviously, the Golden Dragon King was like a **** in Long Yi's mind, so Long Yi would never think that this was the idea of ​​the Golden Dragon King, so he also thought that Xiao Yan suddenly stared at him. What is he doing with himself? Could it be that he found out...

"Long Yi, the fire on your body is not ordinary, right? Since you have become my ruler, you must show some sincerity, otherwise you know some of my secrets and the words of the Golden Dragon King..." Xiao Yan also slightly With a smile, it is obvious that Long Yi is bound to win!

"Damn!"

"How could you possibly know!"

"Could it be that huge soul power and the flames on your body..." Dragon Soul also said struggling, and then looked at Xiao Yan, who was slowly recovering his fighting spirit wrapped in flames.

Dragon Soul Long Yi fell into contemplation, because it also has a small calculation that belongs to him, so he also concealed something from Xiao Yan in the secret realm before!

What Long Yi said is indeed true.

It is true that three strong men used the excuse to help it avoid the catastrophe, thus trapping it in the secret realm, eliminating Long Yi's dragon body, so that Long Yi can only exist in the mysterious space of the secret realm in the state of soul. Among them, Long Yi defeated them with his powerful body and strength, and survived in the secret realm for thousands of years.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The immortal swords obtained by the three human powerhouses are also extraordinary, but now there are some imperfections, and the power they attract is greatly reduced, and Xiao Yan is also not used to swords, or the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire is more suitable, so he was rejected by Xiao Yan. Yan closed.

However, there is one thing that Long Yi did not mention to Xiao Yan.

The reason why Long Yi was stung by three fighting immortal-level human powerhouses was because of the power of flames on his body!

Long Yi is the fire dragon who loves flames the most in the dragon family. The flame of the fire dragon is extremely tyrannical, and the power of the blood on Long Yi is also extremely strong, so that the blood on Long Yi has mutated, which makes the flame on Long Yi. Changed again!

After the flame on Long Yi mutated, it became extremely powerful!

Although it is not as powerful as the holy flame, it is similar to the strange fire on Xiao Yan's body.

The flame on Long Yi's body is called "Blood Flame". It is a new flame produced by Long Yi's natural flame and mutated blood. The fire is born from blood and can instantly ignite the blood in the enemy's body. , so as to achieve one-shot fatality.

This ability to burn the blood of the opponent's body can only be used when the strength is lower than his own, but it can also produce a good suppression in the same level, but the most peculiar thing is that it can restrain the power of the opponent's blood!

This is undoubtedly the most powerful ruler for some families that deal with monsters or have the power of extremely pure blood!

It's no wonder that Long Yi is being targeted.

The reason why Long Yi doesn't talk about this is because Long Yi is now the spirit of the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, but as long as the owner of the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng in the future, Xiao Yan let it out, then it can also be in the state of the soul. Existence!

After following Xiao Yan for a few days, Long Yi also discovered that Xiao Yan possessed as many as twenty-two different types of flame powers, some of which were threatening to Long Yi.

This is what makes Long Yi most puzzled!

The power of a flame is extremely violent, not to mention that Xiao Yan has as many as twenty-two in his body. How did he keep these flames safe and sound?

This is something that has always troubled Long Yi, but when Long Yi turned around, he also found that the flame in Xiao Yan's body seemed to be slowly devouring his own flame power!

This frightened Long Yi, and then Long Yi only dared to shrink within the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire. At the same time, Long Yi was extremely worried that Xiao Yan would swallow its flames!

If the flames were swallowed up, then in the state of Long Yi's soul, he was not far from falling, so Long Yi also kept silent about it, but how could he know that it was discovered by Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, don't be too aggressive!" Long Yi also said angrily at this time!

This Xiao Yan just wanted to force Long Yi to death. The red flames on Long Yi's body slowly surrounded him. If something went wrong, he would attack Xiao Yan. .

"Don't worry, the master Jinlong King told me that your current state is quite special, but if you help me, then in the future, Xiao Yan will definitely give it to him with his own hands!" Xiao Yan was also imposing. Said arrogantly.

"Bijie Pill!"

Long Yi was also stunned at this time. The famous name of this "recovery pill" has been heard for a long time. This pill has a 50% chance of evading the catastrophe, which is really a coincidence!

Among the seven realms, except for those in the ghost realm, who cannot cultivate into a human form, the rest of the five realms want to cultivate into a human form. After all, human beings are the superiority of all things, and are incomparable to other creatures.

Just like the previous Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, although he can temporarily transform into a human form, after all, his strength and lifespan are not enough, and he cannot transform into a real human for cultivation, so there is a time limit.

As for Long Yi, it is different. Long Yi's first catastrophe was also killed by him. Three human powerhouses escaped by hiding in the secret realm. However, although they are the body of the soul, after careful calculation, this second The next catastrophe will come in less than fifty years, and then...

Heavenly Tribulation is the most powerful force, even the current Long Yi is quite a headache.

"Can you?" Long Yi said.

"The first and second pills of the emperor's rank are no longer under pressure, and the third rank of the emperor is also within easy reach!"

"The robbery pill is ranked in the fourth rank of immortal rank, which is more than the rank of third rank of emperor rank, but before you cross the calamity, Xiao Yan will definitely offer it!" Xiao Yan also insisted!

"I swear by my soul!" Xiao Yan said, in order to give Long Yi a reassurance!

Long Yi is also thinking, although he is now Chi Ling, but if he wants to escape, Xiao Yan, who wants to come to the peak of the three-star fighting emperor, can't stop himself, but when he thinks that the Golden Dragon King takes a fancy to Xiao Yan, he is also attached to Xiao Yan. On Yan, Long Yi shook his head and rejected the decision.

What's more, I have only forty years to face the second catastrophe Although this Xiao Yan is currently only a second-rank emperor alchemist, he can be defeated by the son of the Dragon God. If the Golden Dragon King is selected, then Long Yi is not worried at all about his future achievements.

"Haha, then I'll bet on it!" After Long Yi finished speaking, the fiery red flames all over his body instantly condensed at the dragon's mouth, and then a scorching flame slowly moved from above the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler to the On Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan controlled this extremely pure flame, and whispered in his mouth: "Is this the original fire of that fierce blood and flame?"

"Sure enough, the power is not bad."

"Four-star Dou Di, if you don't make a breakthrough at this time, how long will it be!"

After he finished speaking, he closed his eyes, and Xiao Yan swallowed the source fire of blazing blood and flames in one gulp, and then the burning art in his body slowly started to run. At the same time, the aura in Xiao Yan's body also skyrocketed.

"This breath is..."

"Good guy, he's actually breaking through the four-star Dou Di!" Mu Feng also saw it at a glance.

"Be careful not to let people disturb Xiao Yan." Yue Ru also moved her eyes slightly, scanning the four directions vigilantly.

"Xiao Yan child, hand over the points of Yu Hui and Yu Jing, and then get out of the corpse forest. Young master will spare you!" A loud voice echoed where Xiao Yan and the others were, and then Yue Ru and Mu Feng suddenly saw a figure with a giant axe on his back.

"It's troublesome now..." Yueru also said softly, and then she glanced at Xiao Yan who was behind her, her body condensed with fighting spirit.

ask for a ticket