Chapter Vol 4 1814: The wind is surging, and the murderous intention is hidden!

The next day, Xiao Yan and the others were ready to go. After saying goodbye to Shuiyuan City, the group headed out from the secret passage to the Tianyuan Mountains of Tianxing City. During the three days on the way, Tianxing City was also surging.

For nothing else, just because there are ten days left, the final election will be held. Once the election falls, the next emperor of the Tianxing Continent will be elected, and the two unsuccessful candidates may not escape bad luck, so at this moment, the entire Above the dozens of mountains in Tianxing City, people panic.

In the Tianyuan Mountains, in the sea of ​​flowers where Princess Lin Yunshu lives, the long hall of Huahai covered the entire garden, countless bright flowers bloomed first, and the fragrant fragrance was suffocating, and at the end of the flower sea corridor Above the elegant pavilion, several figures with sharp breaths appeared here one after another.

"Your Highness Princess." At this time, Lin Yunshu was surrounded by a lot of strong people, but these strong people did not speak, but stood quietly by each other, quietly watching the princess, as for Lin Shuang, she was not leaving, and it was faint There is something unspeakable.

Today's Tianyuan Mountains can be described as a gathering of elites, and with the means of Xiao Yan and the princess before, these guys have completely stood in the same boat with the princess, and the principle of one glory and one glory will prevent them from making any betrayal.

"What's the matter, let's talk about it." Lin Yunshu was wearing an elegant cyan skirt today, showing off her princess-like noble temperament to the fullest, and her eyes squinted lightly. It is natural to summon these elites today. For the next most important part.

"There is news from a scout on the front line, and there is news from Lord Ji Xuan." Lin Shuang hesitated for a while, but still said, she has followed the princess for a long time, and naturally she has witnessed many things between the princess and Ji Xuan, so she knows the difference between the two. delicate relationship.

"What news?" Her Royal Highness heard the words, the originally calm face suddenly experienced violent mood swings, and her expression suddenly changed dramatically. Countless flower seas were shaking and trembling, and even the bright flower sea was above the sky. The grand plan of the stars is looming.

If that kind of power is fully exerted, even a Seven Star Fighting Immortal can only tremble at it.

"Master Ji Xuan is fine. It is said that a human named Xiao Yan accompanied Master Ji Xuan to solve all the hidden dangers in Shuiyuan City. Now they are rushing back with Master Lin Xiu." At this time, among the crowd A white-haired old man walked vigorously in the sea of ​​​​flowers and spoke softly.

"Elder Lin." Lin Yunshu heard the words, bent down gracefully, and nodded lightly to the old man.

"There are still ten days before the final election stage, so before the ten days arrive, the old man will stay with the princess, and I hope the princess can understand the good intentions of my waiting." The white-haired old man is a A middle-aged woman, but her eyes that have been through the years are filled with an endless sense of forest.

The late stage powerhouse of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, Lin Xia!

It is said that these powerhouses are the guardians of the Tianyuan Mountains. They once fought side by side with the modern emperors. They are the real powerhouses. Compared with the previous Seven Star Fighting Immortals, Lin Hong is undoubtedly too tyrannical in terms of age and strength.

"En." Lin Yunshu also knew the importance of the matter, so he didn't stop there, nodded and said,

"But now the other two electors may not be able to hold on anymore."

"As far as I know, Lin Feng's subordinates have vaguely joined the Holy See powerhouse, and their combat power is the highest among the three."

"However, that Lin Fengya is quite strange. When the disaster occurred in Shuiyuan City, he once took the strong man out of Tianxing City in person, and went to investigate with the reputation, but he just went back halfway to the mountain range. In the middle, I vaguely received some mysterious person." Lin Xia continued.

For a while, behind Lin Xia, the old lady Lin Hong, who was in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Xian, and many other powerful people in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Xian, Lin Hao and Lin Shuang, approached and tried to analyze.

"Lin Hao, I sent you to pick up Lord Xiao Yan, and go with Xiao Yan to assassinate Lin Fengya. Even if it doesn't work, you have to create some pressure on him." Lin Yunshu rolled her eyes and thought for a while. , after all, he is also aware of the conduct of Ji Xuan and Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Under the order of Princess Lin Yunshu, many strong men also disappeared in an orderly manner, leaving only the princess and Lin Xia.

"The princess seems to have noticed something too." Lin Xia's eyes flickered and she said softly while checking that there was no other strong person in the sea of ​​flowers.

"The affairs of Shuiyuan City shouldn't be so simple, right?" Lin Yunshu asked tentatively.

"Well... only a very few people know that behind Shuiyuan City is the conspiracy of the fifth sinner Marr and the Holy See tour angel, but Xiao Yan alone solved it." Lin Xia said.

"So this seemingly harmless Lin Fengya is probably the most terrifying one, but if there is an angel's help behind Lin Feng, I'm afraid our odds of winning..." Lin Yunshu shook his head, it was obvious that his current strength could not be as hard as an angel. Resistance, after all, the minimum requirements for angels, their strengths have reached the ranks of the seven-star fighting immortals of human beings.

But angels are different from humans. The mere strength of the seven-star fighting immortals, with the help of the power of the angel wings, is enough to compete with the eight-star fighting immortals, and even with the blessing of the angel wings, the power of the angels is even more terrifying.

"Don't worry, if it is a seven-star Douxian level angel, she can still deal with it. If it is an eight-star, she should not have the courage to appear in the airspace of our Tianxing Continent."

"The matter of Shuiyuan City is because it is in the deep sea, so the aura of strength is hidden, but it is completely different when it appears in the airspace of our continent, because this is the ban of the Dou Di Sifang Continent on our Tianxing Continent."

"It is impossible for the Eight-star Dou Xian to appear in the Tianxing Continent, otherwise it will attract the sanctioners who are in charge of the Dou Di Continent. Even an angel can only be shriveled." Lin Xia smiled, and the silence was restored here.

On the other side, in the Tiansha Mountains.

"With the arrival of the parade angel Mekal, we will definitely succeed in this election. At that time, our Star Continent will be completely subservient to the Holy See, hehe." At this time, Lin Feng said to a shadowy figure in front of him with a smile on his face.

"Tianxing Continent has restrictions My power can only release Qixing Douxian Consummation, and only when Gamma shows up will I take action. into your own house.

"A parade angel, sooner or later, I will be completely trampled underfoot." Watching Mekal disappear, Lin Feng's face changed from a hippie smile to a hideous one, and an awe-inspiring death filled his heart.

The last place is in the Tianxuan Mountains.

"Sir... Master Gamma and Master Soul Wuji have been arranged properly, but there seems to be something wrong with these two." At this time, a man bathed in black shadows on the edge of a cliff respectfully greeted Lin Feng, who was sitting in a wheelchair. Cliff Road.

"Send someone to keep an eye on them. The Eight-Star Dou Xian of Soul Flame has already left here, but Soul Wuji is the head of the Huangtang Hall of Soul Palace. The power of the Seven-Star Dou Xian's perfection is enough to become the killer of this election."

"Also pay attention to Gamma. I'm afraid that because of the devil's lair, his mind will be shaken. Let him prepare things. If the facts are really out of control, I can only use the election ceremony as my promotion to the devil."

"Follow your orders, Prince." The two figures said slightly, and calm was restored here.

"Father, the disease on your body was custom-made for you by Erchen with great difficulty. In the future, if the Star Continent is in my hands, a more powerful and prosperous world will definitely erupt." After speaking, Lin Fengya actually stood on the wheelchair. When he got up, at the ankle, a dark green aura like a demon slowly lingered.