Chapter Vol 4 955: Golden Dragon King shot!

"Xiao Mu, it looks like you've run out of light."

"At the beginning, the grievances and grievances of your Xiao family against our Feng family should be returned together today." After a while, Feng Zhen floated directly in the air of the Forest of Death, and his whole body flashed with unusually dazzling silver light.

This silver light is the power of Feng Zhen's Fighting Immortals, and the power of Fighting Immortals of the wind attribute, whether it is speed or power, is extremely terrifying.

"Your power of fighting immortals with the wind attribute is really good." Xiao Mu wiped a few drops of blood from the corners of his mouth and then spoke.

The brief confrontation just now has caused Xiao Mu to be at a deadlock. After all, Xiao Mu has been chased by Feng Zhen since he escaped from the center of the human world. He suffered a lot of injuries along the way, and his strength was naturally greatly reduced.

"Xiao Mu, you are going to die today!" Feng Zhen smiled brightly at the corner of his mouth.

A burst of piercing and piercing wind sound was born directly from Feng Zhen's body. At the same time, the ghost energy in the mid-air of the Forest of Death quickly subsided, obviously because of the fear of the power of Feng Zhen.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Samsung Douxian's full blow..."

"Golden Dragon King, if you don't do anything, I'm afraid I will fall here." Xiao Mu Junxiu's face could not help but show a hint of panic, obviously the power Feng Zhen used at this time was too powerful for him.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Mu, go to hell!" A huge spear made up of countless silver wind attribute fighting immortal powers suddenly swept towards Xiao Mu. Wherever it passed, there were no vegetation or trees, and even the space emitted extremely harsh sounds. collapse!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying attack hit Xiao Mu directly, and even if Xiao Mu tried his best, he could barely stop the pace of the energy spear attack, but his breath gradually weakened, after all, he had already Not at its peak, this kind of attack is very difficult for me.

"The famous Xiao Mu also has today!"

"Break me!" Feng Zhen looked at Xiao Mu, whose strength was gradually weakening, and laughed suddenly.

And just as Feng Zhen's voice fell, the huge energy spear instantly shrank, and then suddenly exploded in front of Xiao Mu. That kind of terrifying attack could seriously injure Xiao Mu in an instant!

"Dragon God Claw!" Just when Feng Zhen was complacent, an angry voice resounded in the air!

"Crash!" The energy spear of Feng Zhen was about to explode, but it was tightly squeezed by a giant golden hand. After a few breaths, the terrifying fluctuations produced by the energy spear had not yet had time to erupt, and it shattered with a bang. !

"It's finally out..."

"However, this guy's body makes me feel familiar." Xiao Mu coughed violently, then looked at the figure wrapped in golden light in the sky, and said earnestly.

"Who is it!" When the golden figure just appeared, Feng Zhen's pupils immediately became vigilant!

Because of his perception, he knew that this person was also a powerful person!

"The actions of the human world law enforcers are really disgusting." Xiao Yan, wrapped in golden light, dispelled Feng Zhen's attack, and said softly.

This golden Xiao Yan is the Xiao Yan controlled by the Golden Dragon King, and Xiao Yan is entrenched in his soul realm.

The golden light is like an eternal rock, indestructible.

"You kid, courting death?" When Yu Bo dispersed, Feng Zhen found that the person who came was one of the two people who had just come. He couldn't help but let out a loud shout, and then slapped Xiao Yan with his palm viciously, a terrifying strong wind. It poured out, trying to kill with one hit!

"Humph!" Golden Xiao Yan snorted coldly, but Feng Zhen's seemingly powerful attack, when it hit the golden light on Xiao Yan's body, was resolved out of thin air, which is quite strange.

"This is the power of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God." Golden Xiao Yan murmured.

"Uncle's power is really terrifying." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he heard what his uncle said at this time. The attack of the level just now was probably enough to kill a two-star fighting fairy, but his uncle could not help but be surprised. With the power of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, he was able to fight directly and easily, which made Xiao Yan couldn't help but look forward to the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God.

"Damn!"

"Who the **** are you guys!" At this time, Feng Zhen's expression also became a little panicked, and he shouted at the golden Xiao Yan.

"Who are we, don't you know?" Golden Xiao Yan said coldly, and his voice was full of shocking chills.

"A person from the Xiao clan?"

"impossible!"

"The strong people of the Xiao family have been suppressed and sealed by us, how can there be no remnants of the Xiao family." Feng Zhen said in surprise, and then said decisively.

"Golden Dragon King, don't talk nonsense with him, join forces as soon as possible." Xiao Mu said directly, just after he finished speaking, he swallowed a few pills, and then directly followed Golden Xiao Yan to surround him!

"Xiao Mu, it seems that the realm master is right. You people from the Xiao family can't be kept." Feng Zhen looked at Xiao Mu with resentment, obviously blaming himself for his complacency just now.

"You are arrogant and arrogant, you can't run away in terror today." Xiao Mu also said plainly, with his teamwork with the Golden Dragon King, even if Feng Zhen's strength reached the three-star Dou Xian, he would still be unable to run today.

"Joke!"

"I think it's you who can't escape, right?"

"Xiao Mu, your current strength is only in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and although this guy's strength is extremely mysterious, but now it is only a two-star Dou Xian complete The gap between the two-star Dou Xian and the three-star Dou Xian, I'm afraid You know better than me." Feng Zhen looked at the two strong men in front of him and immediately became alert, but he had no idea of ​​running away.

After all, Xiao Mu has been solved. If he is dealing with this accomplice who came to save Xiao Mu, then the world master will definitely reward him, and maybe this reward can force him to improve his strength by one star, but if Feng Zhen knew about it, He is now facing the words of the King of the Dragon Clan, the Golden Dragon King. I am afraid that he would not dare to have such an idea even if he was given a hundred courage.

But he didn't know.

"It seems to be underestimated." The Golden Dragon King also seemed to have noticed Feng Zhen's thoughts, and said slightly.

"Golden Dragon King, your current strength is only a two-star Dou Xian consummation?" Xiao Mu asked the golden Xiao Yan beside him.

"..." Golden Xiao Yan was silent.

"It's troublesome now. This wind shakes the strength of Samsung Dou Xian, and he is also the best among law enforcers in the human world." Xiao Mu couldn't help but look solemn.

"Don't worry, this little trash fish can't make much of a difference." Golden Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Go!" Golden Xiao Yan said, and then the golden light surged around his body, instantly wrapping his entire body!

At that time, the shocking battle between the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Mu against the enforcers of the human world will slowly surge in the desolate Forest of Death!

There is one more update, and I can also update the fourth update today, but I have a serious cold and the plot is not well written. Please forgive me, I will reply to the second update tomorrow on New Year's Day.