Chapter Vol 4 1166: see through

As the auction just ended, the powerhouses from all sides were eager to move, but the mysterious man who took the undead leaves did not leave, but chose to live in the ghost king city.

This action of the mysterious man undoubtedly made some powerhouses in the center of the entire Ghost King City feel helpless. However, the place where the mysterious man lives has been secretly watched by many people from the forces. It will notify the forces behind it as soon as possible.

"How long is it?" Xiao Yan asked his entourage in the dark passage, because ten minutes had passed since he entered the dark passage, and there was still no end to it, Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

This secret path is dark, but fortunately, Xiao Yan and his entourage are not low in strength, so naturally they found the route with ease.

"Sir, the exit is in front." The attendant was so snorted by Xiao Yan that he couldn't help breaking out in cold sweat, and his fingers couldn't help pointing to the exit ahead.

The guy in front of him is a third-grade emperor alchemist. If he is slightly wrong, I am afraid that the city lord will not skin him.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan heard the words, followed the entourage's finger, and suddenly saw a secret door, and immediately jumped, without any hesitation, suddenly left here.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What a terrifying guy... Forget it, since the matter is over, it's time for me to return to my life." The follower said to himself, and he returned to the same path after speaking, but he didn't pay attention. In the secret passage, A ghostly figure was following Xiao Yan.

"It seems that Death Wind didn't lie to me. With this secret passage, it saved me a lot of time."

"Not far away, there are two strong men who are not weak, and they are rushing here, and their breath is quite similar to the young head of the Hammer mercenary group."

"There is a pine forest in front, just right." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes turned to the pine forest in front of him. The core inscription of the divine movement in his body kept turning, and circles of inscriptions emerged, trying to ambush.

This pine forest is the only way to leave the ghost king city and go to the base camp of their hammer mercenary group.

Outside the Ghost King City, there are many powerful forces. Among them, the mercenary group Hammer is the main force, and the second is the mad demon group composed of some desperadoes. There are two quite tyrannical forces in total. , is the only way to go to the hammer mercenary group.

The headquarters of the Hammer Mercenary Group was originally in the ghost king city, but its leader once angered the city owner because of some petty profits, so he was implicated out of the city. It naturally fell outside the city. In these years, the city lord did not send a few strong men to encircle and suppress it, but in the end, he was lucky enough to escape.

"Young regiment commander, there is a red pine forest in front, and after passing through the red pine forest, we arrive at our base camp." Not far away, the two figures moved quickly and said.

"Yep."

"be careful."

"Our top priority is to bring this seal fighting technique back, and I also know who the undead leaves will end up with."

"As long as the information is passed back to our mercenary group, I believe my father will make his own decision." A rather dashing man said looking at the red pine forest in front of him.

This man is the young head of the Hammer mercenary group today. His name is Yang Fei.

"Guardian Hua, this trip has been hard work. If you can go back, I will not let my father treat you badly." Yang Fei said with a smile.

"Master, why are you in such a hurry to go back? Could it be..." The rather elderly Hua guard couldn't help but asked.

"Hua Guard, I always feel that the third-rank alchemist of the imperial rank seems to have a soft spot for this seal fighting technique, so we naturally have to hurry."

"At such an age, he is a third-grade alchemist of the emperor rank. I am afraid that behind him..." On Yang Fei's face, there was a trace of maturity that did not match his age.

"Young regiment said yes."

"Let's go!" After the two of them finished speaking, they were on their way forward, directly into the red pine forest.

"Strange, there seems to be something wrong with this red pine forest..." Just after entering the red pine forest, the guard Nahua couldn't help but say, because the red pine forest in the past has always been quite quiet, but at this moment, it is here. A rather hot breath emerged.

Hua Huowei is the bodyguard arranged by his father. Although this guy's strength is only in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, but his mid-term strength has repeatedly wiped out some of the late One Star Fighting Immortal powerhouses. It can be said that it is Yang Fei. 's right-hand man.

"Guardian Hua, what's wrong..." Yang Fei asked with a hint of doubt flashing in his pupils when he heard the words.

"Master, be careful!" The next moment, in the red pine forest, behind an extremely huge pine tree, a layer of doomsday afterglow was rendered, which was extremely terrifying!

As soon as Hua Guard's voice fell, his figure exploded and shot directly at Yang Fei. The terrifying impact instantly moved his position away.

"Boom boom boom!" At the same time, behind the huge pine tree, a khaki flame dragon shadow about ten feet in size quietly passed through the position where Yang Fei was standing, and then fluttered. The dozens of red pine trees behind it were instantly annihilated in the khaki-yellow energy dragon without making any sound.

"who!"

"Get out of here!" And the guard is also a strong man who walks on the tip of the knife all the year ~ Naturally, he is not afraid of such a scene, but he knows that the two of them, since entering the red pine forest, It seems to be caught in the enemy's formation.

"I have long heard that the Hammer mercenary regiment Hua Guard is very strong. When I saw it today, it really lives up to its reputation." Xiao Yan wore a black robe, stepped out slightly, and said to the two people below, but the strangeness that permeated his body. If it weren't for the power of the soul being stronger than himself, he would not be able to decipher his true identity no matter what.

"That mysterious person in private room No. 1?" Feeling this scene, the two below said in unison.

"Sure enough." Xiao Yan's huge soul power instantly saw through the two's thoughts, and smiled randomly in his heart.

He deliberately used the power of ghost face and soul flame to change his aura, wearing a black robe and wrapping his soul power, he naturally resembled the mysterious person in the private room No. 1 in the auction.

"I don't know why the lord came here, why?" Hua Guard put Yang Fei behind him and said slowly, his voice full of vigilance.

He knew that the strength of the mysterious person in the private room No. 1, not to mention himself, even the head of their hammer mercenary group, I'm afraid he can't beat him, so he can only say politely.

"I'm quite interested in that seal fighting skill." Xiao Yan said no nonsense, and said directly, after all, now that his aura has changed, and he is wearing a black robe, ordinary people can't recognize him.

"This bastard!" When Yang Fei heard the words, he scolded secretly, and the thing he was most worried about still happened.

End of this chapter