Chapter Vol 4 1396: Xiao Yan was arrested!

"The guilt of fire, accept the punishment." Tan Chen stood at the top of the formation, looking down from a strong man, and slowly opened his mouth, surrounded by countless thunders, like a living thunder emperor!

"Thousand Thunder Slaughtering Spirit Formation is tyrannical, but your half-hearted five-star Dou Xian initial strength can't last long..."

"If Duan Tianhong is allowed to perform this formation, I have no chance of winning. It's a pity." The Huo Sin Envoy was trapped in the giant net of thunder. The evil power in his body was greatly reduced, and he could only barely use the power of fire to resist the power of thunder.

"What are the chances of Tan Chen's victory?" Seeing that everyone was evenly matched, the Palace Master of the Ice Soul Palace couldn't help asking.

"I don't know...but I'm afraid it's difficult to defeat the Huo Sin Envoy." The owner of the auction house also said solemnly. Obviously, they all underestimated the power of the Huo Sin Envoy.

"Right now, we can only pin our hopes on Forge Blade Lei Gu and Tan Chen." The president of the mercenary guild also said helplessly.

"Thunder Valley of Forging Knife has cut off all contact, there should be traitors inside them, and now they are also in danger..." Everyone couldn't help but said.

"Thousand Thunder Slaughtering Array, based on the power of thunder, purifies everything in the world."

"Thunder Prisoner!" At this time, Tan Chen was tantamount to incarnating a real Thunder Emperor, with Thunder in his hand like the most loyal minister, mobilizing at will.

"Boom!" Following Tan Chen's words, in the Thousand Thunder Slaughtering Array, waves of silver thunders containing ancient fluctuations suddenly appeared, and then blasted away frantically at the crime of fire.

"Small tricks of eagles!" Seeing this, the fire sinner forcibly endured the strong suppression brought by the power of thunder, snorted coldly, and dazzling flames spewed out.

"Crash!" But at this moment, the flame power of the fire sinner just emerged, but it was weakened a lot, and when he first came into contact with the silver thunder, he was instantly swallowed by the silver thunder!

"Hey!" The silver thunder devoured the flame power of the fire sinner instantly, so it roared away with a destructive momentum.

"Ah, ah, ah!" A scream suddenly emerged from the mouth of the fire sinner, and then the silver thunder turned into countless tiny mysterious runes. In front of his body, a dazzling light burst out completely, and the evil blackness on the fire sinner's body was at that time. The fog kept making a piercing scream, and was quickly wiped out by the power of thunder.

"Bastard!" The Huo Sin envoy originally thought that Tan Chen wanted to use the power of the formation to imprison him, but how could he know that Tan Chen was using the power of the formation to completely obliterate the evil power in his body, and once the evil power in his body If it is erased, the strength of his Five-Star Fighting Immortal will also disappear.

"I...won't...give you...this...a chance!" Huo Sin made forcibly gritted his teeth, his pupils couldn't help turning red, and an extremely hot wave filled the air suddenly.

"Boom boom boom!" After a short while, an explosion suddenly sounded, and the thunder rune was immediately shattered by it, and escaped the first round of attack, the fire sinner did not dare to take it lightly and ran away directly, he finally Knowing that in the formation, he is definitely not Tan Chen's opponent. His top priority is to delay time. As long as Tan Chen's strength drops, the formation will naturally be self-defeating.

And with his strength, although he can't beat Tan Chen who is in the formation, it is extremely easy to deal with it for some time.

The battle on this side has fallen into a stalemate, but with the passage of time, the failure of the eight powerhouses is probably only a matter of time.

In the Thunder Pond.

"Duan Tianhong... It's all your fault." Soul Guard stood quietly in the sky, looking at Duo Tianhong who was bound to death, he couldn't help laughing.

"It's just a bunch of lackeys from the evil race from outside the realm." Duan Tianhong sneered.

"running dog?"

"Evil clans in the area, it's not worthy to bring shoes to our Soul Palace..."

"To cooperate with them is just to get what we need. In the eyes of our Soul Palace, they are just a stepping stone on our way forward..."

"As long as our Soul Palace's grand plan is successful, this great world will be ours sooner or later."

"Susu." Soul Guard said with a gloomy smile.

"By the way, you are the overlord of Dongzhou, and I haven't officially introduced you yet."

"I am the Fifth Soul Guard of the Soul Palace, Soul Qianmo!" Soul Guard smiled slowly.

"Soul Palace Five Soul Guards?" Duan Tianhong couldn't help but be surprised when he heard the words.

"Come in for me!" At the next moment, before Du Tianhong had any reaction, Hun Qianmo sneered and put his body into the ring in his hand.

This kind of ring is a unique item of their soul palace, which can store living people, and is the only treasure for killing people and making money.

"Strange, that holy flame controller didn't fall?"

"Looks like I have to go again." After doing all this, Hun Qianmo muttered to himself, and then walked away towards Lei Chi.

In the Thunder Pond, after a few days, the power of Xiao Yan's people also recovered to the peak, but there was no movement.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Who!" The next moment, a crack appeared in the inner space of the Thunder Pond, and a vague figure appeared.

"Fei'er, come with me!" Before anyone could react, an old giant hand appeared in the crack, and immediately grabbed Du Qifei's figure back.

"Senior Mingling Lei Jiao?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled, but watching Du Qifei disappear, he didn't have much thought.

"Master, I have already done as you ordered, and then we will wait for our final counterattack horn." The void closed, and the underworld spirit Lei Jiao took Du Qifei, quickly away from the Thunder Tomb, and left the Thunder Tomb directly.

"Xiao Yan, what should we do now?" Yun Qi and Mu Ge said slightly, even they were helpless.

"Wait." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"Boom!" Just as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a crack of thousands of meters suddenly appeared in the thunder pool, and in the crack, a spooky atmosphere suddenly emerged!

"This is……"

"defense!"

"There is an enemy!" The figure that just appeared was Mingling Lei Jiao, so everyone didn't make a fuss, but this time it appeared, which made everyone's heart feel a touch of fear of death!

"brat……"

"Death to Benwei!" And just after the thousand-zhang void was listed suddenly a loud noise resounded through the entire thunder pool.

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, a huge black hand the size of a hundred meters suddenly emerged from the crack, and then roared towards Xiao Yan below.

"You stay here, don't run around!" Xiao Yan said to everyone in a deep voice, and after a while, he was tightly held by the black giant beast and completely disappeared in this space.

"Forget it...just some ants..." After Xiao Yan was captured, some sarcastic laughter came from the crack, and then the crack slowly closed, and the place returned to calm.

However, all the contestants below felt that their legs were weak, and they slumped on the ground. They did not know from beginning to end what they experienced!

Duo Tianhong and Xiao Yan were arrested by the Five Soul Guard Hun Qianmo, and the minds of the eight major forces were restrained by the Huo Crime Envoy. Until now, Dongzhou has been in trouble, and I am afraid that it has really entered the white-hot stage.

As for Duo Tianhong's plan, I am afraid that only he knows.

.