Chapter Vol 4 1490: Heavenly Poison Temple and Heavenly King Hidden Coffin!

"Sister, how is it?"

"Have you found a way?" On the white jade pillar, there are many strong people standing at this time, but at this time these strong people are all helpless. After all, the white jade pillar is extremely mysterious, and the bottom is filled with evil aura. The abyss of ten thousand feet, if you accidentally fall into it, I am afraid it will definitely fall.

In addition to the imprisonment of the power of flight and space in the mausoleum here, it is not so easy to move up the white jade pillars.

"Not at the moment." Senior Sister Xingyun looked at the dim space and couldn't help but narrow her eyes. Obviously, this boundless evil aura, if it wasn't for the protection and isolation of the white jade pillar, I'm afraid they would have been in different places. But even so, it is still not that simple to go from the bottom stone pillar to the top stone pillar.

And the many powerhouses who entered the mausoleum, the Wansoul Palace, the Soul Beast Alliance, the living dead and many other powerhouses were all trapped by this white jade formation for a while. Obviously, even them, for a while. Helpless.

"Weng buzzing!" On the white jade pillar where Xiao Yan and the others were, unexpectedly mysterious lines appeared.

"This is it?" With Yuan Yan's continuous activation of his spiritual power, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly and he lost his voice.

Originally, there were quite a few mysterious lines on the ground above the white jade pillars, but they were too small and Xiao Yan didn't pay attention. However, with Yuan Yan's action, these small lines came out directly from everyone's feet, as if they had Like life, it slowly floats in mid-air, forming countless light spots.

"This girl." Seeing Yuan Yan being so arrogant, her sister Yuan Hong smiled sweetly. Obviously, they all underestimated Yuan Yan's strength.

"Crash!" Countless dense and tiny patterns scattered in the air, which instantly made everyone happy. Then, the heaven and earth jade bi in Yuan Yan's body was squirming, and on top of the bright jade bi, bursts of green light suddenly matched these The tiny rays of light above the stone pillars gathered together, and suddenly bursts of rather special forces tilted out, and bursts of tiny runes made a cheerful sound.

"Thank you." After a while, Yuan Yan's beautiful eyes slowly opened, and she seemed to say a word to the tiny light spots around her, and then Qiankun Yubi suddenly put away and stood up.

"How's it going?" Seeing that Yuan Yan finished casting the spell, Xiao Yan immediately asked.

"Let's go, these light spots are special powers that reside on the stone pillars. At the same time, if you want to climb to the top, you can only rely on their power. They are hidden very deeply. If you don't observe carefully, you can't find them."

"But it's alright. I just communicated with them. They can send us to the center of the mausoleum, but there seems to be something in the center of the mausoleum that makes them afraid." Yuan Yan said, and his eyes penetrated this dim space. , looked up at everyone's heads.

"They?" When everyone heard the words, they were immediately puzzled.

"These light spots should be sacred runes to resist the invasion of evil forces." Xiao Yan also nodded thoughtfully.

"En." Yuan Yan nodded lightly.

"Crash!" As the voices of the two just fell, countless light spots instantly surrounded the white jade pillar, and then the white jade pillar that was at the bottom of this space, and was as solid as a rock at the feet of everyone, turned out to be slowly rising. Get up and go towards the top.

"This... such a mysterious stone pillar." When they noticed that the stone pillar at the feet of everyone was slowly rising to the vine, everyone immediately felt incredible. Obviously, they did not move, but those tiny light spots provoked a mysterious force. Then the stone pillars grew wildly, pushing them towards the top of the tomb.

"That is……"

"Xiao Yan?"

"How is that possible?" Xiao Yan and the others are located on the white jade stone pillar at the bottom of the space like the other powerhouses, but at this time, the white jade stone pillar that Xiao Yan and the others are standing on rises towards the high place at an alarming speed. Seeing this, the other powerhouses couldn't help but narrow their eyes.

"These bastards!"

"They actually cracked the secret of the white jade stone pillar!" Mu Xi and the living dead both stood on the stone pillar and couldn't help shouting when they saw this scene.

"Those spots of light...these densely covered patterns on the surface of the white jade pillars are strange!" Seeing Xiao Yan's crowd climbing steadily, the other powerhouses were immediately anxious, but they were, after all, one of the best powerhouses on the four continents. After a short while, the method of cracking was also detected, but the speed was obviously not as fast as theirs.

"It's almost at the top of the mausoleum." Xiao Yan and the others naturally ignored the other powerhouses. After all, the white jade pillars were separated by 100 meters. Even Xiao Yan couldn't jump over this distance, so the other powerhouses were angry, but they didn't care. Don't dare to do it rashly, you can only find a way to solve it according to the gourd painting.

"The energy of heaven and earth in the surrounding space is getting thinner and thinner." As the white jade stone pillars under everyone's feet rose towards the top at an alarming speed, Yuan Yan was the first to speak.

"I'm afraid there is something terrifying at the top of this tomb!"

"It's better to be careful for a while!" Xiao Yan heard the words, slowly raised his head, his eyes became extremely serious, and the dazzling soul power was also densely covered on everyone's bodies, preventing anything from suddenly attacking.

"Wong Buzz!"

"This kind of fluctuation... is it really the Sky Poison Brake?"

"It's just that the breath of Tianwangzang is so weak. It seems that there is only a trace of remnant left. It seems that the previous battle with the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple made Tianwangzang almost fall." As the speed increased , Suddenly Soul Eater's eyes slowly penetrated the dark clouds and saw the top of the mausoleum.

"Crash!" As the speed of the white jade pillar became faster and faster, everyone's vision became blurred, and the black and evil aura completely blocked the line of sight. Nothing unusual happened.

"We've reached the top of the tomb." Five minutes later, the white jade column suddenly penetrated a layer of black mist, and then stopped abruptly. While penetrating the black mist, everyone in Xiao Yan felt a terrifying wave like death.

The black fog was as frightening as it came from resisting the abyss, and it seemed to vaguely isolate the mausoleum.

"arrive."

"Here...it's the tomb of Tianwangzang." Because of the reincarnation rune, Duo Qifei stared at a certain place in this space, where a shocking scene was reflected in everyone's pupils. middle.

At this time, everyone was still standing on the white jade pillar, but the black mist that had just penetrated seemed to separate this space from top to bottom. Below the black mist, it was a strange space of the white jade pillar and the black Above the fog, it is the real mausoleum of Tianwangzang.

The mausoleum located above the black fog is quite simple, with a continuous stream of sacred power emerging, the space is endless, and the white piece, the only thing that attracts everyone, is only a mountain.

In front of everyone, an altar surrounded by countless dark ghosts emerged, and the altar occupied a huge area of ​​nearly thousands of square meters. The hidden lines formed by countless ghosts on the altar floor slowly entangled.

As for the center of the altar, a dark mountain peaked out of the sky.

The area of ​​the mountain is quite small, and around its walls, a tingling Xeon aura emerges, but its height actually reaches hundreds of meters high.

At the top of the mountain, there is a mirror-like smooth ground, covering an area of ​​about tens of meters, and when everyone looked up and saw the ground, a stunned expression appeared in their hearts!

The circular ground at the top of the mountain is quite small, only tens of square meters in size, and can even accommodate only ten people standing side by side.

On top of it, a black coffin that was about zhang Xu stood quietly, as if it would never fall. The whole body of the coffin had a tingling black aura that made the scalp numb, eerie and eerie, protecting the coffin like a ghost. Other than that, A black giant sword wrapped in black flames suddenly pierced the entire coffin from top to bottom. Above the black giant sword, black flames lingered, and even when Xiao Yan saw the black flames, his pupils shrank tightly. The holy flame in the body burst into anger uncontrollably, and the holy flame heart at the chest also burst out with violent shaking, and an irresistible evil breath rushed towards the face.

"The coffin hidden by the Heavenly King...and, the Heavenly Poison Temple." Xiao Yan's expression was extremely solemn, and his voice was also extremely heavy.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: