Chapter 457: The situation of the Medusa 1 family!

"Humph!" The woman let out a coquettish cry, and then her eyes turned into an extremely bright purple.

The purple eyes exuded extremely demonic power. After the woman's eyes turned purple, the little purple snake in the hands of the blue and white snake seemed to have seen deadly poison, and instantly merged on the blue and white snake's face!

Seeing that the purple snake disappeared instantly, the woman felt a little dissatisfied, but she clearly remembered that she seemed to be being auctioned off in the Xuanling royal family, so why did she suddenly come here?

Turning her head, she saw Mu Feng and Lvdi, and immediately smiled at the two of them with a full face, because she could feel that it was these two who saved her.

After doing all this, the woman turned her head slightly to look at the blue and white snake beside her.

Although I don't know why, but the woman could feel an extremely terrifying fluctuation from the stunning woman next to her, as if this woman could kill herself with a single blow.

"Little sister, what's your name?" The blue-and-white snake slightly put its palm in the woman's hand, and then pulled the woman's cold hand and said.

"I... my name is Qingyan." The woman said tremblingly.

"Qingyan... It really is a good name." Blue and White Snake smiled and said.

"Damn it, if there's something wrong, Green Flute, you go first, and I'll stop them." Mu Feng and his party were very embarrassed.

Just after separating from Xiao Yan and the others, they entered the territory of the Medusa clan and were attacked by this blue-and-white snake!

If it wasn't for the fact that the green flute finally revealed that she is also the blood of the snake people, I am afraid that both the green flute and Mu Feng would be instantly killed by the blue and white snake!

"It's really the three flower pupils of the furnace..." On the crystal seat, Ang Dong said slowly, but the voice was full of disbelief, and the pupils opened tightly, wishing to devour Qingyan!

"Three flower pupils in the furnace?" The nine leaders of the nine tribes of the Medusa clan sat on the crystal seat, and then the nine eyes were fixed on Qingyan.

"Cough, cough..." Qingyan coughed a little, seemingly aware of the unkind eyes of these people.

"Cough..." Seeing this, the blue-and-white snake also coughed slightly, as if to signal the nine figures to pay attention to their images.

"That's what I was doing..." Among the nine strong men, a bald old man said.

The old man has a terrifying aura all over his body, and he has the strength of the late eight-star Dou Emperor!

This old man is the leader of the Power Snake Clan among the nine major tribes of the Medusa Clan!

The Power Snake is the most terrifying existence among the nine major tribes of the Medusa family!

If light competes for pure power, I am afraid that in the same level, the leader of the force snake is unmatched!

"I never imagined that this cauldron with three flower pupils actually exists..."

"With this cauldron and three flower pupils, I am afraid that our snake people will give birth to a superpower, and then we can completely rely on this **** desert!"

"However, the woman with the bloodline of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python who was sent to the temple by the blue-and-white snake before, I don't know what's going on now..."

"The secrets in the temple are quite strange. Only those with the bloodline of the swallowing python can enter. Otherwise, with our strength, we can already go in and find out..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I hope that little doll has good luck. If it succeeds, it's not an exaggeration for my snake people to call her the king." Some broken silk words continued to sound.

The next moment, the blue-and-white snake moved, slowly supporting Qingyan with both hands, and then a strange power flashed in the snake's eyes!

"Recently, our Medusa family has not been very peaceful. First, the owner with the bloodline of the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python appeared inexplicably, and now there is this cauldron with three flowers."

"All of this shows that the time for our snake people to rejuvenate has come. Whether it is to survive or to become stronger, we must all be united!" The blue and white snake said slowly, and then raised Qing Yan's little hand slightly.

"Blue and white snake, what are you doing?" Seeing the blue and white snake's actions, Nu Dong's pupils shrank, because such a move might mean something.

"I announce that Qingyan has become the saint of my Medusa clan. At the same time, although the green flute is a descendant of snakes and humans, she brought back the three flower pupils of the furnace, so she joined my Medusa clan. Mu Feng has become a friend of my Medusa clan!" The blue and white snake said slightly.

"Saint?" Hearing this, Green Dibei, who was always calm, bit her lips.

The status of the word saint in the Medusa family is no less than that of an imperial princess!

And it still has real power!

You can mobilize the power of the Medusa family at will!

This is the power of the Holy Maiden!

"Blue and white snake, I'm afraid your actions are not suitable. When will my Medusa clan turn to you, the captain of the Medusa snake guard, to point fingers!" Nu Dong said angrily.

"Humph!"

"Nu Dong, don't think that I don't know the good things you've done behind your back all these years!"

"The effect of the three-colored pupils of the furnace on the Medusa family is simply priceless!"

"If you are selfish and want to take it for your own use, then I will be the first to refuse!"

"And as far as I know, as long as Luding Sanhuatong cultivates to the level of Fighting Immortals, he can pass some secret methods to greatly improve our strength, and even the power of blood can evolve!"

"At that time, the bottleneck that is afflicting us will no longer exist!"

"So my Medusa clan will make every effort to cultivate this cauldron with three colored pupils and that three-colored swallowing python!" After the blue-and-white snake finished speaking, a terrifying aura burst forth from its entire body.

"Five Rank Nine Star Dou Di?" Nu Dong's eyes sank, and then he stared at the blue and white snake.

"Oh, this, the old man agrees."

"I remember the last time when the three flower pupils of the furnace appeared, our Medusa family was very powerful, so this time the three flower eyes of the furnace appeared, I am afraid it was only when our Medusa family rose." One The lazy silver-haired old man spoke slowly.

"Old Snake, this matter still needs to be discussed in the long run. Don't be so hasty!" Nu Dong said, with disbelief in his pupils.

If even the old snake in front of him agrees with Blue and White Snake's actions, I'm afraid this situation will be extremely unfavorable to him!

"I agree."

Following Old Snake's statement, the other leaders also agreed.

"Then let's do this first, I'll take her to the temple first, and by the way, see if the nine-colored swallowing python has acquired inheritance..."

"If we obtain the inheritance in the temple, I am afraid that our Medusa family will be able to give birth to a king!" After the blue and white snake finished speaking, there was some excitement in his pupils.

"The little doll of the nine-colored swallowing python, don't let us down." Elder Snake opened his mouth slightly, then moved towards the exit.

"By the way, I feel that our nine major tribes don't seem to be very peaceful recently. After returning home, we should be more vigilant and don't let our guard down. Once anything happens, we will notify you as soon as possible." After the old man finished speaking, he left the Crystal Palace.

As the old snake left, the leaders of the nine tribes also left one after another. As for the green flute and mufeng, they followed the blue and white snake to the so-called temple.

"Damn bastard!"

"First it was the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, and now it's the Furnace Ding San Huatong It seems that it is a little difficult to rule the entire Medusa family." Nu Dong was walking in the desert alone, and then he kept talking. the way.

"Boy, stop!" Suddenly he saw a silhouette of a snake man, and then he spoke directly.

"Lord Nu Dong, is there something wrong?"

"I hurriedly went to inform Master Blue and White Snake that two nine-star Dou Di and two eight-star Dou Di strongmen broke into our Charming Snake Tribe, injured our deputy leader, and asked about the location of the temple. I'm afraid something is not going well!" said the snake man. After that, he just wanted to leave in a hurry, but he was stunned by Nu Dong's actions.

"Anyone else to inform other tribes?" Nu Dong asked.

"No, in order to prevent those enemies from attacking, Lord Mei Ye ordered me to notify Lord Blue and White Snake as soon as possible and let her decide." Snake said.

"Then you can die." When Nu Dong heard this, he laughed loudly, and then attacked the snake man with a palm!

"Sir...you..." A mouthful of blood slowly spit out from the corner of the snake man's mouth. He couldn't think of it until he died, why did this anger want to kill him!

"Two nine-star fighting emperors and two eight-star fighting emperors... God really helped me!"

"Pass the secret order to summon someone from the Soul Palace." After Nu Dong finished speaking, the space in the desert on the side wriggled, and an extremely gloomy figure suddenly flickered inside, and then responded softly and disappeared into the desert.

"Hahaha!" An Dong smiled, and then slowly walked towards his tribe, some plans slowly forming in his heart.

Ask for tickets!