Chapter Vol 4 2033: General, reap the rewards!

"Don't underestimate me." Seeing that he was already at a disadvantage in the chessboard, the evil scholar immediately showed his superb chess skills.

Directly recall all the chess pieces, even the ghost pieces detected by Xiao Yan, and mobilize them together to return to their camp, and besiege all of Xiao Yan's chess pieces that have penetrated deep behind the enemy.

The scouts, the dead corpses, and all the chess pieces including the sacrificial generals were mobilized, and they were aggressive, obviously preparing to launch a terrifying attack.

In the forest of death, Gu Yuan and the others looked at the chess pieces moving violently around, and immediately heaved a sigh of relief: "Elder Gu Tianyan's sacrifice is worth it."

The yin wind roared all around, and the stench of wind blowing towards them washed their hearts, but they did not have any fear, and now only this feinted skill can bring the situation back.

"Huhu, it's finally here." Seeing that the evil enchanting scholar was really fooled, Xiao Yan finally felt a trace of relief in his heart.

He used the sacrifice and a few chess pieces as bait to penetrate behind the enemy's rear, and he really hit the mark!

"Since you are ready to launch a general attack, then I will accompany you to go crazy." Xiao Yan laughed, several pieces behind him slowly wriggled, and walked directly across the river to attack the enemy.

"Strange, no wonder the sacrificial chess piece is not the king?"

"If this is the case, I'm afraid our situation..." Seeing that Xiao Yan was also mobilizing all the pieces, he knew that his situation was not good, and the contempt on the corner of his mouth finally calmed down, and an unprecedented worry filled it.

"Scared?"

"The sacrificial chess piece, come out for me!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan roared violently. Immediately, the dim light above the sacrificial chess piece shone brightly, and a chess piece was slowly released.

"Is it the king?" Feeling the majestic chess pieces emerging from the sacrificial chess pieces, the evil and charming scholar hurriedly asked.

"Attack me!" Xiao Yan ignored it, and immediately controlled the new unit that emerged from the sacrificial chess pieces to attack the evil scholar.

"Crack!" A shattering voice emerged, and the pieces in the evil enchanting scholar's camp were eaten away by Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan was extremely smart, just stuck his piece at the limit of one or zero health. superior.

"The general chess piece?" Seeing that he lost three chess pieces in Du, Xie Mei Scholar also knew that this time he lost.

"General...you lost." Xiao Yan surrounded the last few pieces of the Xie Charm Scholar in one fell swoop, and immediately found the emperor and surrounded him.

Fortunately, this time there was no danger, but this life-and-death chessboard caused Xiao Yan to lose Gu Tianyan, the great elder of the ancient clan, and Gu Li. I have a chance to regain a city, otherwise without the sacrifice of the two, I am afraid...

And what Xiao Yan didn't expect the most was that the evil and charming scholar was so arrogant that he actually used the emperor's chess piece as a pawn, which made Xiao Yan tremble for a while.

"Hehehe!"

"Giggle." Seeing the failure of the life-and-death chessboard, the evil scholar's voice became evil, a frantic wave roared out slowly, his eyes only shrank, and they sank directly. Those eyes were extremely scary and eerie .

"This guy..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan quickly became vigilant to prevent the evil spirit scholar from using any conspiracy and tricks.

"The life and death chessboard is over, and White wins."

"The black side is defeated." A long voice slowly emerged, and then the world trembled suddenly, a supreme black light from the sky, like a black shadow that dominates the dark world, the void is not affected by it. The control collapsed, and above the shadow, the palm suddenly opened, and a slap slapped the evil spirit scholar.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the evil spirit scholar didn't have any time to react. His body, soul, and even his entire body of evil power were instantly smashed by him, turned into countless dark sand grains, and completely submerged here. I'm afraid this guy didn't even think that he would die. , the so-called perfect art is actually at the cost of his own life...

"Dong, dong, dong!" At the same time, in the forest of death, the chessboard also collapsed. The bodies of those ancient powerhouses who were attached and controlled by evil forces first trembled, and a trace of evil aura left their bodies, and was suddenly dominated by this dark world. Take it back.

"That's the King of Darkness, the supreme ruler of the underworld, and a strong man who stands shoulder to shoulder with the king of the underworld."

"His power has surpassed the entire world. What he likes most is to create some weird tools similar to the chessboard of life and death, giving some creatures enough power to appreciate this game, so as to earn the soul and life of the loser of the game. The underworld, as a creature in the underworld, cannot be supernatural forever." The Dark Underworld Master looked at this looming shadow and couldn't help but said to Xiao Yan.

"Interesting guy." The black shadow, the ruler of the dark world, gave Xiao Yan a slight look, and suddenly took away countless evil auras. The cracks in the void tore open, slowly disappeared, and returned to the underworld.

"Weng buzzing!" With such a slight swipe from him, Xiao Yan only felt that five thunders suddenly hit the top, and the blood in his body became extremely cold. An aura of death suppressed him from the ground up, making him unable to move. The ruler of the world can easily kill him with a casual glance!

"The knot... it's over?" The death forest chessboard collapsed, and it turned into a normal forest. The dark matter sand grains on Xun'er and others slowly disappeared, their bodies floated up slightly, and vaguely returned to the ancient square. above.

After the rest, in the ancient square.

"We... won." Tens of thousands of elders couldn't help looking at Xiao Yan's deadlocked body on the altar, and muttered dryly at the corners of their mouths.

"Well, I won." Gu Yuan and the others looked at each other, this time the name Xiao Yan was unforgettable.

The life-and-death chessboard just now seemed to be short-lived, but only the people who were the chess pieces knew the situation of a near-death situation. It was no less than returning from the gate of hell. If it weren't for the sacrifices of several elders and Xiao Yan's superior skills chess skills I'm afraid...

"Elders and clansmen, go back to your body, the ancient clan suffered a big change and restore the order of the ancient world, you have to trouble the elders." Xun'er's body floated up and went to Xiao Yan at the altar of the sky.

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Xun'er gently came to Xiao Yan and asked with a caring face, her skin was white and pink, and it looked extremely dazzling under the sunlight, like a noble and beautiful lady, graceful and elegant. Extremely.

"fine."

"Xun'er, let's release the holy flame together to purify the last trace of evil here." Xiao Yan forcibly held back the abnormality in his body, the underworld was too involved, he didn't want Xun'er to worry, so he gently pulled Xun'er's body With slender jade hands, on the two of them, the dazzling holy flames slowly rose from the ancient city in the sky, shining like a piercing sun, illuminating the entire ancient world.

"We... the weird aura in our body disappeared!"

"The tiny hole in the neck also disappeared!"

"Long live the ancients!" The millions of ordinary people below roared slowly, and immediately knelt down and worshipped the many ancient strongmen in the ancient city of the sky.

This time, the catastrophe of the ancient clan has just ended. Although there is no danger, it is still chilling. I am afraid that no one wants to repeat this terrifying chessboard of life and death.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: