Chapter Vol 4 2258: The plane meeting is surging!

With the end of the killing of chickens and monkeys in the starry sky, the voices of the major forces in the human world for the Endless Fire Territory are also getting weaker and weaker, and rumors are spreading. I am afraid that no one dares to underestimate this new force, and the Endless Fire Territory is completely because of this. Stand firm.

Not to mention the powers behind him who support this force, the strength of Xiao Yan, the current lord of the Endless Fire Territory, is probably beyond the reach of ordinary two-level reincarnations.

As time passed, the period was rather dull. Although Xiao Yan had sent many strong men to inquire about the Phoenix Clan, Dragon Clan, and the Center of the Demon Realm, things were progressing slowly. After all, these forces were the real giants in the world. , far from being comparable to the average human world power.

In the blink of an eye, it was time for the plane meeting.

The plane meeting is a plane meeting exclusive to the human world. Countless geniuses and descendants of great powers will gather together to discuss the current situation. There may be some episodes of competing on the same stage, but this is to show the younger generation. The best opportunity for generational strength.

In the Endless Fire Territory, in front of the entrance of the Mother's Palace, Xiao Yan stood here quietly, where he could have a panoramic view of the entire Endless Fire Territory.

Xiao Yan's eyes were slightly deep, and he raised his head to scan this growing realm, with a hint of relief on his face.

"The Great Thousand League sent an envoy to send a letter."

A graceful figure twisted its charming waist like a water snake, quietly surging out of the mother-in-law's palace, holding a golden scroll on its slender palm, which was quite extraordinary.

In the golden scroll, the three characters "Daqianmeng" are engraved. The font is extremely solemn and magnificent. At first glance, it is awe-inspiring.

"Color scales?"

Xiao Yan turned his head slightly, looking at this very enchanting woman, he couldn't help but feel extremely happy.

"Xiaoxiao Xiaolin and the others have been retreating recently, so it's normal not to see each other."

"As for my father and teacher, they are used to the life in the Dou Qi Continent and stay below. If you have time, we can go back and have a look together."

"I have dispatched enough strong men, don't worry about safety."

Seeing Xiao Yan's melancholy expression, Cai Lin shook her head, naturally aware of Xiao Yan's concerns.

"Father and Yao Lao..."

Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little moved.

"By the way, what's going on with the Great Thousand League?"

After resting, Xiao Yan asked aloud when he heard these reassuring news.

Now that we have no worries, we should hold a plane meeting to prevent the second world war.

"The Great Thousand League is the largest organization in the center of the human world. It includes countless powerful heroes. Xuanji, the master of the Xuanyu domain who originally attacked our endless fire domain, is a member of the Great Thousand League."

"The purpose of the Great Thousand League is to deal with the evil races outside the territory, so to join it, you need to stifle the powerhouses of the evil tribes outside the territory to prove your strength, and the treatment you enjoy by joining is probably very unimaginable, whether it is all kinds of rare resource information or other , everything in the Great Thousand Alliance."

"The positions in the Great Thousand League are divided. Except for some elders who are in charge of daily affairs who need special wisdom and other assessments, other positions are divided into three categories, namely Demon Slayer General, Demon Slayer Commander, and Demon Slayer King."

"Among them, to achieve the position of Demon Slayer General, you need to kill one extraterritorial evil king-rank powerhouse, and Demon Slayer Commander needs to kill more than three black king-rank powerhouses."

Cailin patiently came to Xiao Yan and explained that as the mistress of the Endless Fire Territory, she has always been the backbone of the Endless Fire Territory, so she knows a lot about these things.

"Where's the Demon King?"

Hearing the first two titles, but not the last one, Xiao Yan asked.

"The position of the Demon King needs to kill a red king rank powerhouse among the foreign evil clan. The red king rank powerhouse is extremely rare among the foreign evil clan. It is said that there are only a dozen people, although I don't know if there are many more now." Cailin said .

"Is there any benefit to the three positions of the Demon King and others?"

Hearing what Cailin said now, Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing.

There are indeed not many strong people of the red king rank of the evil clan outside the territory, but I should have killed one or two of them.

"The Great Thousand Alliance is the top force in the Great Thousand World. Once you get these three positions, you can unconditionally order other forces to do something that doesn't go against your own moral wishes."

"For example, to **** something together or join forces to deal with the evil forces of foreign evil races, etc."

"The task issued by the Demon Executioner, the lower-level Demon Execution Commander and other positions cannot be refuted."

"There are also rumors in the Great Thousand Worlds that the fallen Demon Kings left countless treasures in every corner. If they can be found, I am afraid it will be a great opportunity."

Cai Lin poured out word by word. .

"It's really a good position." Xiao Yan couldn't help but chuckle.

"Look at it."

After Cai Lin finished speaking, she handed over the information scroll issued by the Great Thousand League to Xiao Yan.

"Respected Lord of Endless Fire Territory, I sincerely invite you to participate in the plane meeting as the Great Thousand League Demon King and Zhou Wu King."

The magnificent characters are displayed, and below are some spatial coordinates and specific locations.

"Issued by the Demon King himself?"

After reading the news in the scroll, Xiao Yan's brows were wrinkled. It seemed that this plane meeting was not as simple as he imagined.

"Since the establishment of the Great Thousand League, only dozens of Demon Slayer Kings have been born. These guys are all leaders in this world. It is said that they control a huge amount of resources. Now the one who issued the information, King Wu of Zhou, is said to be particularly powerful. …”

"In the past, the plane meetings were all confrontations between the younger generations of their respective forces. This time, with the participation of the Demon King, I'm afraid..."

Speaking of which, Cai Lin looked like she was hesitating to speak, as if she was thinking about something.

"What's up?"

Xiao Yan sensed something was wrong and hurriedly asked.

"This week's King Wu's strength is said to have reached the fourth level of reincarnation. He once broke into a royal family of a foreign evil clan alone for his wife, and killed several kings and a red king. , just established its illustrious name."

"However, according to the information we have obtained, this great master has already fallen for thousands of years. Why is he reappearing in the arena?"

"And also held this plane meeting in the name of King Wu of Zhou?"

"Is there anything tricky in this?"

Cai Lin was most worried about this place. At this time, she looked solemn and kept looking for the direct connection between the two.

"A message issued by a deceased person, if it is not brought back to life through special means, or it is deliberately done by someone with a heart."

"It seems that this plane meeting may not be easy."

Xiao Yan nodded, and his palm gently reached towards Cailin's body.

Seeing this, Cai Lin's eyes flickered with suspicion. It's already time, Xiao Yan still cares about the love of his children?

But Cailin didn't resist either, so the two of them cuddled in the Mistress's Hall, overlooking the entire Endless Fire Territory. As for the Mistress's Hall, where people used to come and go, today it seems extraordinarily deserted, and no one has ever appeared here.

Look at the prosperity of the world.

I really answered that sentence... Spring is full of joy without a trace!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: