Chapter Vol 4 1715: Thousands of ghosts worship, ghosts eat the sky!

"Master Li Soul, this is a feast specially prepared for you, enjoy it slowly." The King of Ten Thousand Ghosts turned into a supreme dim light, and the dim light completely wrapped his body, but he was only able to see one of the dim light. On top of the white jade-like body, countless dense black monsters wriggled, and between the wriggling, there were waves of trembling evil forces.

At the same time, a smirk spread out above the dim light, like the sound of the sky, and even countless strange black mists, which completely shrouded the retreat space of the entire Master of Souls!

"Hmph." Lord Li Hun snorted coldly, still unmoved, standing high in the center of the island, watching the feast of the King of Ghosts.

The Lord of Li Soul knew that although the strength of the Ten Thousand Ghost King was tyrannical, for the current self, it was somewhat insufficient.

Today's self has already absorbed the source of Acacia and Broken Enteritis, and he is only one step away from swallowing it perfectly before he can ascend to the holy realm and enter the coveted realm of reincarnation.

"Boom!" The boundless black mist was like a demon dog crawling out of the smelting hell. Just after it emerged and spread, it was a gust of gloomy wind, and even an extremely evil aura, suddenly turned directly into a thousand feet. Demon dog giant beast, with a ferocious face and a domineering breath!

"Just based on this?" Looking at the evil dog giant beast transformed by the evil force of thousands of meters in front of him, the corner of the mouth of the Lord of Li Soul laughed, and a touch of arrogant disdain emerged.

"Ten Thousand Ghosts, Dogs and Beasts, tear him apart for me!" Seeing that the Lord of Li Soul remained unmoved, the Ten Thousand Ghosts King finally gave an order to the evil creature.

"Da Da!" A series of strange voices swept through the evil creature, and immediately the whole body was like a furnace, and countless black qi roared, and its speed became faster, suddenly facing the small place where the Lord of Li Soul was located. The island exploded.

"chaos!"

"Reversal!" The Lord of Li Soul seemed to have been prepared for a long time. Under the dark shadow, the old palm was raised, and a touch of silver energy instantly diffused out.

"Bang bang bang!" The power of the silver space system just touched the evil creature, and suddenly bursts of harsh sounds filled the entire space, like the sound of metal colliding.

"Hush." ​​After Shun Qi, the evil creature of thousands of meters was directly sucked into the space crack by the silver space power, and would not show up for a short time.

"This is... the fluctuation of reincarnation?" Seeing that the Lord of Souls easily resolved his strongest attack, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts in the black mist couldn't help but exclaimed in shock.

No one knows about some collusion and cooperation between Ghost Kingdom and Douqi Continent Soul Clan, but in any case, the combined strength of their two forces has not reached the level of threatening the Lord of Souls, and now they are willing to use many resources of Ghost Kingdom to enter here. , I originally thought of hunting the Lord of Li Soul, so that I could smoothly enter the reincarnation.

But now it seems that the current Lord of Li Soul has touched the reincarnation!

Although there is no real reincarnation, but the powerhouse who touches reincarnation is different from the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

At this moment, Rao is the greedy attitude of the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, and he can't help but be afraid, and a retreat is born.

"If you have any other tricks, use them, otherwise you will have no chance." After the attack of the King of Ghosts, the Lord of Li Soul slapped it, and then a black light pattern quietly permeated the entire void on the body. The countless black qi in the void of the retreat place suddenly shattered, as if the residual ice had touched the raging fire, vulnerable to a single blow.

"This guy, the breakthrough time is so fast, it seems that it is really a miscalculation." Seeing that the Lord of the Soul is so arrogant, but there is still a harmless smile on the corner of his mouth, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts also smiled. stand up.

The Lord of Li Soul is the real overlord of the three core regions of the Ghost Realm, but why is he the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts?

"I didn't want to use that thing, but unfortunately, if I was hesitating, I'm afraid I would also be in danger because of it, so..." After a while, the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, who was hiding in the black mist, did not hide it. The black mist dissipated and left by himself. came out.

"You're actually a human?" Seeing the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts showing his true face for the first time, Lord Li Soul couldn't help but be a little surprised.

My plan this time was not aimed at the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, but who knew that he would attract him? You must know that the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts is uncertain in the ghost world, one of the most mysterious guys, even the Lord of Li Soul Haven't seen it with my own eyes.

"It's a feast."

"Ten thousand ghosts come out... ten thousand ghosts worship!"

"Li Hun, this is your sin and your fate!"

"Susu!" As soon as the voice fell, the figure of the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts completely disappeared here, but one after another soul body emerged uncontrollably,

No one knows where they came from, but these guys who emerged, above the illusory spirit body, stared at the master of the soul with scarlet eyes, wishing to eat it raw, obviously they have a deep understanding of it. The resentment seems to have an inescapable relationship with the Lord of Li Soul.

"Li Hun, I worked for you and went through untold hardships, but you actually abandoned me and killed me in the end. Do you know the feeling of loss when you are trusted and fall into **** in an instant?"

"Master, I have spent all my energy for your future dominance, but in the end why did you want to obliterate my entire family?"

"Is it just that we leak the news?"

"Palace Master, we want you to give me justice!"

...

The voice of resentment, it seems that the fall of these tens of thousands of souls and ghosts has a deep relationship with the Lord of Li Soul. Among them, there are many strong people who follow the Lord of Li Soul from birth to death and fight for the hegemony of Li Soul Domain, but They have all fallen now, it is only because of the special power of the ghost kingdom that they can see the sun in a special attitude Huhu. "

"You still have the last trace of strength left, then I will tell you!"

"The struggle for power requires blood to flow. You used to be my most loyal subordinates, but for the sake of the entire Li Soul Realm, I have to give up you."

"In my mind, you will always be the most perfect subordinates. Everything you do is for our Li Hunyu, but in the end, you cannot be recognized by Li Hunyu's companions, and you will even be hunted down for it."

"But I, Li Hun, are willing to swear by my soul power that you will always be my most loyal and tyrannical subordinates. Li Hunyu is proud of having heroes like you!"

"Henggu remains the same." The hoarse voice lost the dignity of the past, but more like a communication between brothers, warm but not graceful.

"Master!!!" Listening to Master Li's remarks, the resentment of these tens of thousands of ghosts suddenly became thinner.

"Pfft!" With a sound, somewhere in the space, a embarrassed figure said in a panic.

These guys, but the entire Ghost Kingdom and the Soul Palace have searched for the results of hundreds of years together, in order to use this kind of resentment today to obliterate the Lord of Souls under their own faults.

But what Ling Wangui King did not expect was that such a terrifying attack, such a complete plan, was actually cracked by the Lord of Souls in just a few words?

"In this case, it's too cheap for you!"

"The melting pot of ten thousand ghosts, explode it for me!" Looking at the dwindling ghosts, the king of ten thousand ghosts gave an order. At that time, a smell of gunpowder was completely ignited, and this space was about to face an unprecedented crisis.

The strength of the Lord of Li Soul is sky-high, and the chosen retreat place also has many restrictions, but the combined explosion of these tens of thousands of ghosts, such a dangerous force, is far from eight-star fighting immortals can resist!