Chapter 248: Powerhouses gather in ghost wells in town!

"Owner……"

"Tomorrow will be a cloudy moon..." The silver blue thunder wolf king also said to the handsome man in front of him.

"I know……"

"Cang Lei, you said that time flies so fast, and in a blink of an eye, there will be a cloudy moon..."

"During the last cloudy moon, I was seriously injured and almost fell. Xuan Santian's powerhouse rescued me. In return, I agreed to them, so I stayed in this corpse forest to guard the sealed place..."

"Twin ghost emperors, they were killed in Xuantian three days, but I don't know what the result will be this time..." Xiaoyue also slowly spoke from a distance.

The silver blue thunder wolf king was also extremely weak at this time, and then stared blankly at the overlord of the entire corpse forest, the silver moon sky wolf.

The Silver Canglei Wolf King knows the power of the overlord of the corpse forest in front of him, and he also knows that his current state is just a summoned object. If it weren't for the special means of the Silver Moon Heavenly Wolf, it might have already dissipated, so the silver Canglei The Wolf King respects the Silver Moon Sirius very much.

"Let's go, the twin ghost emperors are about to break the seal, so it's time to get to know them."

"I just don't know what happened to the Nine Soul Monument..."

"Oh, yes, there's that kid Xiao Yan, you still need him for your rebirth, and I don't know if he got the treasure in the Soul Requiem tablet." Xiao Yue also said slowly.

After speaking, the space trembled, and Xiaoyue disappeared with the palm-sized mini version of the silver Canglei Wolf King.

"My lord, I don't know why, but all the crystal **** we are in charge of monitoring the point grabbing match are malfunctioning!" Next to Hu Du, a man came quickly, who was also responsible for this point grabbing contest.

"This..." Hu Du also frowned. It stands to reason that there has never been a problem with this crystal ball, and this time there was a problem...

"It seems that it is impossible for a short time. Now we can only deal with the twin ghost emperors..."

"Otherwise, the twin ghost emperors are also a huge hidden danger in the corpse forest..." Wu Jiang also said solemnly.

"Then what about this point-grabbing competition..." Hu Du was also puzzled. Apparently, during the Xuantian Santian meeting, he hadn't taken into account the twin ghost emperors' cracking of the seal.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"A point grabbing competition..."

"continue!"

"There are five days left, but I want to see the top 100..." Wu Jiang also snorted coldly.

"It's really weird, why haven't I seen anyone participating in the looting competition on the first and second floors of the corpse forest..."

"Did I think too much..." Hu Du also shook his head, not thinking.

"go!"

"The ghost well on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest!" Wu Jiang also said, and then led a group of figures to the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest quickly.

"I didn't expect these twin ghost emperors to break through the seal. It seems that the evil in the cold pond broke the seal and came to the corpse forest. The mutual attraction between the two caused the evil yin in the corpse forest to be released ahead of time. The seal..." A middle-aged man in red also said slowly.

Taking a closer look, this is obviously the person Wujiang asked for help in the Burning Incense Pavilion before!

Chang Yu!

"It's just a little strange. In this corpse forest, there were still evil spirits that felt the seal of the cold pond at the beginning, why can't they feel it recently..."

"But the twin ghost emperors haven't seen each other for a long time. I don't know if he will reach various levels after breaking through the seal this time..." Chang Yu also laughed.

"But this point grabbing competition seems to have some good seedlings..."

"That Xiao Yan is also smart, his strength and courage are top-notch, and the flames on his body are also extremely terrifying..."

"But how could the power of flame on Mu Yingying make me a little scared..." Chang Yu shook his head.

After Chang Yu finished speaking, he also turned into a black shadow and disappeared into the ghost town.

"Susu!"

On the third floor of the corpse forest, in a dark and eerie place, a black figure was sitting cross-legged, but the strange thing was that the terrifying ghost aura of this man covered his entire body, revealing only a pair of dark eyes.

"Youquan, why are you so troubled..." Hongye on the side couldn't help but murmured.

The black figure in front of him is obviously a secluded spring.

After Youquan seriously injured Xie Yin in the ghost town, he swallowed the power of Xie Yin in one fell swoop!

The ghosts in the ghost world cannot devour each other, but the quiet spring is different. The body of the quiet spring is the human body, so in addition to the thousands of years of the quiet spring, it has collected some strange secret techniques, so it can devour the power of the evil yin. Not surprising either.

"Humph!"

"What do you know!"

"The most evil of these twin ghost emperors is the evil in the town of ghosts, and he was the culprit back then!"

"For this revenge, I didn't hesitate to fall into the ghost world and become a ghostly place where there is no sunlight. This time, I will definitely kill the enemy!" Youquan calmed down a little, then snorted coldly.

"Yinxie, this time..." After Youquan finished speaking, he laughed strangely.

It's just that the red leaves on the side are a little scared, because the quiet spring in front of him doesn't know what to do. Since he devoured the power of the evil yin, the body of the quiet spring has also undergone earth-shaking changes.

What extremely rich and huge ghosts are attached to Youquan's body, making Youquan also very terrifying.

But there is one thing that Hongye can be clear about, whether the strength of this evil yin can be compared with the strength of the evil yin in the ghost well.

It's just that even if it is as strong as a red leaf, it is still somewhat powerless to face the secluded spring.

You must know that this red leaf is a six-star Dou Di strong!

If you can make a six-star Dou Di strong like this, then the strength is also...

"Let's go, I will help you revive your lover when this time is over." Youquan's slightly hoarse voice appeared in Hongye's mind.

"Yeah." Hongye replied gently and then followed Youquan out.

"Anyway, I've done so many mistakes, and it's not bad this time." Hongye murmured.

"Lord Mueller, all the humans on the first and second floors of the yin and evil yin have been arrested..."

"As for the third floor..." A ghost who used to be filled with terrifying ghosts also said to Muller.

"Okay, okay!" Mueller also laughed, this feeling of being on top is good!

As for the third floor, the number of people is also the smallest. The most important thing is that the third floor is where the twin ghost emperors exist...

"But at such a critical juncture, I just don't know where Xie Yin and Qi Mei have gone..." Mueller also said solemnly.

"The amount of medicine is sufficient, don't let them go. When the twin ghost emperors break the seal and come out, you will be benefited." Mueller also comforted everyone.

"Yes!" The ghosts around Mueller also agreed.

Muller looked at the young crowd that was piled up on the hills, and his smile was also extremely terrifying. These are the best nourishment for the twin ghost emperors after breaking through the seal!

"Xiao Yan, are you on the third floor?"

"Then let you dance for a while, and then let the twin ghost emperors take care of you personally!" Mueller also laughed.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Tomorrow, it will be a cloudy moon..." On the third floor of the Yin Corpse Forest, the ghost spirits also hid in a place to recover their injuries. Obviously, they were attacked by Youquan before, and they were seriously injured.

Ask for tickets!