Chapter 338: The stepping stone of the 6-star Doudi!

What Xiao Yan knew just now was also what Old Zhu told him before, but seeing the people of the Tiger Tooth Army now, his heart was a little shocked.

"The person with the tiger print on his shoulder should be just a member of the Tiger Tooth Army..."

"It is rumored that the strength of the leaders of the Huya Legion is quite terrifying, even if they are comparable to some of the deputy hall masters of the super sect."

"However, this person's strength and terror have also reached the five-star Dou Emperor Consummation..."

"Just one soldier in this Tiger Tooth Army has such terrifying strength, and this Tiger Tooth Army is also..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Because Xiao Yan knew that there were hundreds of strong men in this Huya Army, such a formation was quite terrifying.

"However, this Xuanling royal family is also very strange. It has three legions of tiger teeth, wolf eagles and dragon-loving dragons. Even if it is unified in Xuantian Santian, it has the power to fight. Why..." Xiao Yan also had an idea in his mind. It's just that this is not the time to think about this question. I can only go back and ask the old Zhu. I want to come here and know the status of the old Zhu.

Mu Yingying on the side also seemed to feel Xiao Yan's strangeness, and then her beautiful eyes moved slightly.

"If you have any work to do, then I'll take them in first." Wen Zi said to Xiao Yan after talking to the officer with the tiger print on his shoulder for a while.

"Sir, please." Wen Zi slowly made a gesture of please, and then lowered his body slightly.

"Let's go, I hope you little guys will fight for some energy this time." Elder Zhu slowly finished speaking, and also stepped into the barrier in front of him.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan and the others also looked at each other, and the next moment, they stepped in suddenly.

The tall, short, fat and thin brother and sister also slowly stepped forward, and then stepped into the barrier.

At this time, Elder Zhu and his party of seven also disappeared at the entrance of the barrier of the underground palace and entered the underground palace.

"Sir, the old man just now seemed a little terrifying..." Someone at the entrance of the barrier couldn't help but say.

"What is the job of a soldier?" The officer with the tiger print also shouted loudly.

"Obey orders and listen to orders!" The soldier who asked the question stood at attention in a conditioned reflex the next moment.

"It's good to know, don't ask what you shouldn't ask." The people from the Tiger Tooth Army also shouted loudly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I don't know how many people in the Xuanling Emperor Pond can succeed this time..."

"Although baptism is simple, very few can survive it..."

"I remember a total of ten people came last time, and in the end, no one made it through." The man with the tiger print on his shoulder slowly stared at the disappearing people, and then murmured.

"Shabu Shabu!" Seven people in a row slowly passed through the barrier and entered the underground palace.

Xiao Yan and the others were anxious to sit on a piece of land with a relatively soft soil quality, and then their eyes slowly spread out. The first thing that came into Xiao Yan's eyes was surrounded by teachers' walls, and there was only one road in front of him, and that was a Dark channel.

With their arrival, many oil lamps were also lit instantly next to the passage, but upon closer inspection, the passage was actually from top to bottom. The place where Xiao Yan and the others were located was the starting point, and it was impressively spread for dozens of meters. descending steps.

"No wonder it's the underground palace..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

"Since the five of you have arrived together, the Xuanling Emperor Pond can also begin this trip."

"But I have to warn you in advance that this underground palace is the most important place for our Xuanling royal family. Don't try to use your soul power or perception to detect anything..."

"Otherwise, if something goes wrong..." Wen Zi's voice also increased by a few decibels, and then he said to them a few people, especially Xiao Yan glared at him. After all, he had found out that this standing soul is quite powerful.

Xiao Yan was also quite helpless about this. After all, when he came to an unfamiliar place, he always used his soul power to investigate, but in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family, there were obviously some hidden secrets. Moreover, the obscure atmosphere even made Xiao Yan feel uneasy.

Therefore, even without Wen Zi's reminder, Xiao Yan will never release his soul power without authorization. After all, it is easy to find the strong in this underground palace, but his own soul power is backlashing, that's no joke. .

"Well." The five people who participated in the Xuanling Emperor Pond also spoke up.

"Hello, my name is Xiao Shou, she is my sister Da Pang, and we are part of the Xuanling royal family."

"Welcome to the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family to participate in the baptism of the Xuanling Imperial Pond."

"Although we didn't go to the original point grabbing competition because of some things, I heard that you killed the twin ghost emperors and won the first place in the competition. You will be a rare opponent."

"But we are part of the Xuanling royal family." The tall, thin man also said slowly to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's brows furrowed when he heard the words. Obviously, when he saw the two brothers and sisters, he felt a very strange fluctuation from them...

It was as if the two of them had something that Xiao Yan was taboo about, but at the entrance of the underground palace, the two didn't speak, and Xiao Yan didn't stop there.

"Hello, we are part of the Burning Incense Pavilion. We came here to see the magnificence of the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family. On the other hand, we are also here to collect our qualifications to enter the Xuanling Imperial Pond." Mu Yingying also went up slightly. before, and then said to the slender man.

"Humph!"

"What a stern woman I hope to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond in a while, you still have such audacity." Xiaoshou's younger sister Dafa also said.

"This will not bother you anymore." Mu Yingying also snorted coldly, obviously she couldn't stand the arrogant and domineering attitude of the two, so she said.

"Stop for a while, stop arguing!"

"What are you two doing here!" Wen Zi also glared at the tall, short, fat and thin siblings beside him.

"Yes, Master National Teacher." Facing Wen Zi's strictness, the two of them had no choice but to give up their fight with Xiao Yan and the others.

"The Xuanling Emperor Pond has many magical effects, but one thing is certain, it can baptize the Dou Qi in your body and remove the impurities in your body, so as to achieve the purpose of purity, for you to step into the Six Star Dou Emperor in the future. Get ready."

"Because every powerhouse, when the Five-Star Dou Di is consummated, will be greeted with a thunder tribulation."

"You can only be promoted to the Six-Star Dou Emperor if you stick to the past, otherwise you will only be stuck at the perfect level of the Five-Star Dou Emperor for the rest of your life."

"As for other effects, it's up to you to discover them yourself." Wen Zi also smiled slowly.

After Wen Zi finished speaking, Mu Feng, who was beside him, opened his mouth in surprise, obviously shocked by Wen Zi's words.

Because it is rumored that this Xuanling Emperor Pond has many functions, but this is the only thing that has not been mentioned!

This Xuanling Emperor Pond is simply a stepping stone for them to advance to the Six-Star Dou Emperor!

Ask for tickets!