Chapter Vol 4 849: 4 rolls of fighting skills

"The palace of the Fairy Moon is really mysterious and extraordinary." In the crowd, Xingtaki and Xiaobi appeared beside Xiao Yan at some point, and said.

"People from the valley of astrology?"

"Why do they come here to join forces?" Seeing this, the five poisons were quite surprised.

There are very few people who know the Valley of Astrology, but the Five Poisons are one of them.

"Astrology Valley?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned. Obviously, he didn't know much about this sect.

"This sect..." Wudu just wanted to explain, but Xing Taki came over to Xiao Yan.

"Astrology Valley Xingtaki, let's get to know him?" Xingtaki stretched out Baizhi's palm and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"This guy." The next moment, Yueru and Mu Yingying's faces were not very good-looking, and they stared at Xingtaki with some vigilance.

And Xiao Yan also looked at Xing Taki in confusion.

At this time, other powerhouses are fighting for the ownership of the treasure chest. How did this guy come to him?

"Don't worry, I have no other intentions."

"It's just that there is something about you that is really mysterious."

"If there is a time in the future, you can come to our Astrology Valley, and my master will calculate a hexagram for you." Hoshitaki said slightly.

"I don't believe in these things." Facing Xing Taki's invitation, Xiao directly refused. Although he did have a lot of secrets on his body, it was not the time when he was desperate.

"That's not necessarily true. The prediction of the astrology valley is accurate."

"I remember that the master said that thousands of years ago, the ghost world invaded Xuan Sansan several times. If the valley owner of Astrology Valley had not predicted in advance, and let the powerhouses of Xuan Santian make preparations earlier, I am afraid that the current Xuansan would have disappeared. God."

"So letting the disciples in the Valley of Astrology wither away is the reason why it has continued to this day." Lin Zhu next to the Five Poisons with big eyes flickered slightly and said.

"And this kind of mystery?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled when he heard this.

"When you are desperate in the future, I believe you will come."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"We also welcome you in Astrology Valley."

"Maybe some unsolved mysteries in your heart will be solved by then." Xing Taki finished and left Xiao Yan and the others.

"This guy..." Xing Taki's words echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

Maybe there is a chance to visit the Astrology Valley in the future, but I am a little confused about what Hoshitaki said that he would be cornered.

"It seems that the battle has come to an end, ready to take action!" The next moment, Xiao Yan was too busy to think about other things, and focused his attention on the strong man fighting in front of him.

"Old bastard!" At this time, Gu Ni was forced by Meng Fei to use his true strength, and immediately cursed.

"This Gunny's strength is really terrifying." Meng Fei said with some difficulty.

With the strength of his own strength and soul, Meng Fei was unable to defeat Guni for a while, and this was what made Meng Fei the most uncomfortable.

On the other hand, with his strength in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, Song Yue was even in the middle of the match with Wang Xie in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

On Wang Xie's body, venomous toxins continued to emerge, but for that matter, Song Yue was also calm in the face of danger, and the dazzling sword intent attacked Wang Xie quite embarrassedly.

Furthermore, Hua Lexin and Qi Haoqing were also inextricably battling, and Bingshui was also entangled by several other Seven-Star Dou Emperor powerhouses, so the treasure chest was left alone for a while.

"I'll go over and take a look." Xiao Yan had a plan, and then looked at the places where he was fighting, and said slowly.

"Be careful, otherwise you will become the common enemy of everyone. After all, attractive interests are in front of you, but no one will be afraid of the forces behind you." Xiu Qi said solemnly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and then a silver formation flickered away from under his feet.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's figure instantly appeared, and next to the treasure chest, an equally silver formation appeared!

It is a short-distance space teleportation formation!

"Quick!" Just as Xiao Yan's figure appeared, the other powerhouses in the battle immediately realized that something was wrong. They were fighting to the death, but this treasure chest was actually taken first, and he would definitely be unconvinced.

"Xiao Yan, you old bastard!"

"You're courting death!" Gunny was the first to shout angrily, and then directly attacked with overwhelming terror. Attacking Xiao Yan.

As for Xiao Yan, he naturally knows how powerful these powerhouses are. Just one person may be enough for him to deal with it for a while, not to mention that he is now the enemy of everyone. However, Xiao Yan's speed is extremely fast, and a splendid Emperor Yan bursts into his palm. , to prevent the key from having any venom or the like, and then directly hold the golden key in your hand!

The next moment, in front of everyone, he inserted it into the treasure box.

"Squeak." With a sound, the key turned gently, and a dazzling wave instantly dispersed from the treasure chest!

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, when the terrifying ripples calmed down, Xiao Yan didn't care about the 3721, he just grabbed the treasure chest and left!

"Four scrolls?" The palm penetrated into the treasure chest, and found that there was no mechanism in it, only four scrolls exuding an ancient atmosphere, and then Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and directly grabbed the four scrolls with one hand!

"This scroll seems to be destined for me!"

"It's up to you!" Xiao Yan's palm was still in the treasure chest, and with the dazzling ancient fluctuations, the other powerhouses did not find out what was inside.

However, Xiao Yan was extremely smart. Among the four scrolls, one of them seemed to resonate with something in Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan directly included it in his acceptance ring.

"Three scrolls?" Afterwards, Xiao Yan took the remaining three scrolls directly out of his palm, and said slightly at the corner of his mouth, his expression was seamless.

"Bastard!" Meng Fei saw this his speed skyrocketed, and he attacked Xiao Yan directly.

"Here you are!" Xiao Yan had an idea, knowing so many things, he would definitely not be able to collect all of them, and immediately took one scroll at random. As for the remaining two scrolls, Xiao Yan threw them at a group of strong people!

"You bastard!" Seeing this, Gunny's pupils were slightly red, and he didn't care about the other two scrolls thrown by Xiao Yan, and attacked Xiao Yan directly!

On the palm of the hand, there is a black surging, and in the black, there is a lot of evil, which is refreshing!

"Xiao Yan, give me death!" Xiao Yan just took the scroll, but was shocked by the sudden scene of Gunny.

"Forget it, these three scrolls are useless to me, it's better to do a fake show." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and then he directly hit Guni's attack!

"Pfft!" A mouthful of blood spurted out!

And the scroll on Xiao Yan's palm was also directly knocked into the air!

"Xiao Yan!" Seeing this, Mu Yingying and her party hurriedly prepared to fly out, but unexpectedly they were stopped by Wudu and Xiuqi.

"You stay here, let's go!" After the two girls finished speaking, they jumped into the battle.

"Boom boom boom!"

"I didn't expect Xiao Yan to have today." Gunny put away the scroll, then stared at Xiao Yan with a smile, and a murderous intent emerged.

"If you want to kill me, it's up to you?" Xiao Yan sneered, and then a brighter flame emerged directly, attacking Gunny who was close at hand!

Sixth shift arrives