Chapter Vol 4 1450: Medicines are here!

"Weng buzzing!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a strange thunder force lingered around him, and the whole person was like a thunderbolt, which made people quite fearful.

"There seems to be something interesting in your body." At the same time, Luo Lao, who had no thoughts at all, turned his head slowly and looked at Xiao Yan.

Because the trace of thunder power released from Xiao Yan's body just now made him feel a terrifying wave of destruction!

You must know that Luo Lao’s own attribute is a thunder attribute, and he is naturally quite familiar with this kind of thunder attribute energy, and Xiao Yan is clearly a pharmacist, so how can there be such a strong thunder force in his body, which makes Luo Lao quite In order to be relieved, and the level of thunder attribute, Luo Lao is also quite moved.

"Senior Luo, how's it going?" After a while, Xiao Yan also slowly withdrew the strange thunder, and then laughed.

"What was that thing you just now?" Luo Lao seemed to ask casually, but he was extremely shocked.

"The source of thunder."

"I got it by chance." As soon as he finished speaking, on Xiao Yan's palm, a thunder bead composed of gray thunder was slowly emerging, and even the thunder bead was surrounded by a heart-throb. terrifying fluctuations.

"This!" In an instant, Lao Lao's pupils shrank tightly, and then he suddenly came to Xiao Yan's side, trying to take a closer look.

This is the Thunder Bead, which is directly composed of the purest Thunder, and this thing is the Thunder Master's Thunder Source that was absorbed in the Thunder Pond at the beginning. In addition, it was swallowed up by the Soul Avatar, and there is no remaining Thunder Source. He used it, so it was all condensed and compressed by Xiao Yan to form such a dazzling thunder bead.

But don't underestimate this thunder bead. The thunder bead has the origin of the thunder master. For the thunder attribute powerhouse, it can be said to be a real treasure.

"Although this thing is very valuable, it is still incomparable compared to the thousand-year-old Xuanbing." Luo Lao forcibly restrained the hot fluctuations in his body, then turned his head and said to Xiao Yan.

His strength is not strong, but he has been trapped in the four-star Dou Xian for many years, and on this thunder bead, he clearly feels the existence of some supreme beings. If he absorbs those thunder and comprehends it, he may be able to comprehend the domain or break through the four-star Dou Xian. !

"Hehe... Although the thousand-year-old Xuanbing is quite expensive, seniors should not belittle my Thunder Bead."

"My Thunder Orb was obtained by accident between my life and death. Although I don't know what it is used for, the gray thunder can easily obliterate me... Coupled with the extremely mysterious ancient fluctuations around this Thunder Orb, I believe that the value of this thing will not be lower than the thousand-year-old mysterious ice..."

"And if it wasn't for my fire attribute, I would definitely not trade this kind of thing." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile. The gray thunderbolt formed an ancient pattern, and the gray thunderbolt was as terrifying as the annihilation of all things.

"No, no..." Luo Lao Zaitu cast a vicious glance at the Thunder Bead in Xiao Yan's hand, and immediately refused.

He Luo Lao is an old Jianghu, and in his eyes, Xiao Yan is so young, Fang is just a fledgling guy, so he naturally wants to harm Xiao Yan.

"I'm really sorry about that."

"That's the best pay I can come up with."

"Since Luo Lao is unwilling to exchange, then I can only reluctantly give up. In a few days, when the four continents competition starts, I will leave here." Xiao Yan said slowly.

As soon as the words fell, Lei Tingzhu gently put away, and then made a leaving gesture to Luo Lao, and left here with light steps.

This is a courtyard, with a distance of hundreds of meters from the wooden door where Luo Lao lived to the outside world.

"This old guy... really can keep his composure." Xiao Yan was quite free and easy, and walked towards the outside world without turning his head. He had just walked 30 meters, but he noticed that Na Luo was still standing quietly. Outside the wooden door, he looked at Xiao Yan.

"This guy... seems to be an old man..." Luo Lao looked at Xiao Yan's figure that was getting farther and farther, and suddenly shook his head secretly, obviously he knew that at this time, the only way to test the strength of the two.

"Fifty meters..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself, but his soul power was locked on Lao Lao's every move, but unfortunately this guy still didn't make any move.

"Seventy meters..."

"Eighty meters..."

"Ninety meters..."

"This **** is really ruthless. It seems that this time he won't bleed a lot. Millennium Xuanbing must get it." Suddenly, Xiao Yan was about to leave here, and Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing.

"Luo..." Xiao Yan just turned his head and was about to speak, but Na Luo was the first to speak.

"Forget it... come back."

"Although the value of the thousand-year black ice is quite high, it is useless in my hands, and I have never seen such a bright thunder bead in my life. I am afraid it is something of a supreme predecessor."

"It's cheap for you... stinky boy!" In an instant, Na Luo slowly shook his head.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan felt relieved when he heard the words. If Lao Lao hadn't compromised in the end, I'm afraid Xiao Yan would waste more money and energy in exchange.

"Come with me." After a while, Lao Lao gently pushed open the wooden door and entered with Xiao Yan.

"What an exquisite living room." Just poured into the wooden door, and suddenly saw a series of ladder cabinets appearing in the pupils, and layers of drawers appeared, and in these drawers, there were quite tyrannical fluctuations And the extremely tyrannical confinement, it is also a place to store some treasures of heaven and earth.

"No... this is what you want." After a while, Luo Lao took out a round iron block bathed in water from a drawer at the top of the ladder cabinet, and gently handed it to Xiao Yan.

"Is this...the thousand-year-old mysterious ice?" Xiao Yan took the item carefully, and immediately noticed that there was a chilling strangeness in the water that was lingering around the iron block, so that above the circular iron block. Volatility, born slowly.

"This water is collected from the deep sea, and it is best to preserve its properties... But remember, because it contains too much power, if you want to refine it, only some powerful flames can be used." Luo Lao carefully stroked the Thunder Bead and explained immediately.

"Junior thanks senior." Xiao Yan slowly put it away, and immediately thanked him.

"I'll let the guys from the Medicine Pavilion handle the rest of the procedures. A guy who made me bleed a lot is annoying..."

"Let's go!" After saying that, Xiao Yan was blasted out by Lao Lao, but at this time, Xiao Yan devoured the materials of the immortal fire elixir Bing Xuan Dan, and he was completely prepared, and the only thing left was the final step of refining the elixir. !

"You...you still have this temper." Following Xiao Yan's departure, a strange figure emerged from the wooden door.

The visitor is Duo Tianhong Does this guy really have such tyrannical potential? Could it be that you read it wrong? " Veteran Luo asked Lei Tingzhu immediately.

"Yinhuntian is not a place for us humans to live after all, and one day we will leave here and return to our own land."

"And this Xiao Yan makes me feel a little at ease or mysterious..."

"His achievements in the future are limitless, so now, help if you can."

"Because this is not only my decision, but also the decision of the entire Thunder Valley of Forging Blades." Duan Tianhong smiled slowly.

"This little guy... It seems that he has to find a chance to introduce him to the villa owner..." Hearing Du Tianhong's words, Luo Laoye immediately knew the rigor of the matter, so he narrowed his eyes and smiled.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!