Chapter Vol 4 1090: Desperately, the fusion of double holy flames

"How could it be possible..." The body was instantly penetrated by the pitch-black chain, and then a large pool of blood slowly flowed from Xiao Yan's chest like a small stream from the wound in Xiao Yan's body, although it was avoided by Xiao Yan impartially. The key point was, but such a blow still caused Xiao Yan to suffer quite a bit.

All of this happened between lightning and flint!

"Xiao Yan!" And when Xiao Yan suffered such a big change, Mu Yingying, Cailin and Yueru's three daughters hurriedly shouted, and there was a hint of heartache in their eyes!

Yueru didn't think about other things, she hugged Xiao Yan in an instant, voices of pain kept coming out, tears couldn't stop flowing down, obviously she was a bit remorseful. It won't be so badly injured, it's all because of myself.

"Hahaha!"

"I didn't expect this silver moon bow and arrow to be so tyrannical!"

"If it wasn't for the shield, I'm afraid I would have been seriously injured!" And Xiao Yan was attacked like this, and a mad laugh with evil intentions came from the sky!

"Damn!"

"This King Xuanling is a powerhouse who has mastered ghost qi, power of evil, and power of life and death. I'm afraid even the powerhouses in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian can't handle it..." The Soul Eater said.

"King Xuanling!" And Yueru looked up and stared at King Xuanling with resentment, as if she could swallow him abruptly!

At this time, King Xuanling's voice was quite sinister, and in front of that body was a rather familiar figure standing!

The deputy head of the Wolf Eagle Legion, the old man!

At this time, the turbid old man's breath was extremely sluggish, as if he was on the verge of death!

On the other hand, right in front of Old Zhuo's chest, there is a very conspicuous scar, which is the chest that was penetrated by the Yinyue Immortal Bow just now!

"Pfft!" King Xuanling threw the old man's body lightly, and then it fell from the air like a dead object.

Zhuo Lao was used by the Xuanling King to resist the fatal blow of the Yinyue bow and arrow at the critical moment, and so he fell completely, and the Xuanling King's body, except for the phantom of the blood demon envoy at the chest, was smashed by the Yinyue fairy bow. Besides, there was no injury whatsoever!

"I really underestimate you."

"Not only did I lose a capable general of the Nine-Star Dou Di, but I also destroyed the phantom of the Gorefiend that I swallowed." King Xuanling looked like a supreme monarch, looking at Yueru below, and smiled.

"Damn... this isn't dead..." Yueru hugged Xiao Yan, and a trace of strength from her body continued to gather towards Xiao Yan.

"Next, I will let you taste the storm of **** with your own eyes!" After the Xuanling King finished speaking, he raised his hands high, showing a tendency to drag the sky. Above, a force after another whistled towards the Xuanling King.

"Boom boom boom!" As King Xuanling attacked like this, circles of blood-red death ripples continued to emerge on the entire altar that had been wrapped.

"This guy..." Yueru said softly, she was about to start, but she was surprised by the scene in front of her.

"Leave it to me." Xiao Yan forcibly stood up, and then a flame prismatic crystal flashing with blue light suddenly appeared in everyone's sight.

"Crash!" With a soft sound, an extremely terrifying ghost flame burst out from above the blue-colored holy flame crystal, and it easily burned the chain running through the chest into nothingness!

"This is……"

"Ghost-faced soul flame?" As soon as this thing appeared, Yan Chi on the side couldn't help roaring.

"That's not enough." Xiao Yan looked at the scorching power of Ghost Face Soul Flame, and then a dangerous arc appeared at the corner of his mouth, and a crazy thought suddenly burst out!

Now, this is the only way!

Otherwise, if the consumption continues like this, I am afraid that everyone here will die!

"Come out." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, a rather pleasant explosion sounded in the entire sky.

"Two holy flames?"

"How could it be possible..." And with the appearance of the cyan Holy Flame Crystal and the khaki-yellow Holy Flame Crystal, the pupils of King Xuanling, who was brewing a fatal blow in the sky, shrank suddenly, and a fear was born from the bottom of his heart.

The power of the holy flame can only be gradually revealed when it reaches the Nine Star Dou Emperor, but it can be said without hesitation that the power of the holy flame is taboo among the powerhouses of the same level. After all, the power of the holy flame is extraordinary.

"This guy, what are you planning to do by summoning the power of two holy flames?" Mu Yingying and Yan Chi both looked at each other. Obviously, even if they were holy flames, they had never heard of the power of two holy flames. Coexist as one.

"I have long heard that Shenjue Fenjue can combine the power of different holy flames, thus giving birth to a more terrifying power."

"I remember when the ancient emperor Tuoshe used the power of three holy flames, only the strength of the three-star Dou Xian in the early stage, he killed the strong four-star Dou Xian abruptly, and by virtue of the burning decision, he finally stood in the world of Daqian world. Strong." The Soul Eater said slowly.

On the other hand, at Long Yi and Xiao Yi, the two of them dealt with the eight-star and nine-star Dou Di, and they were also vaguely unsupported.

However, the Soul Eater is quite relaxed here, and if it hadn't been for when the Golden Dragon King left, Xiao Yan would have had a catastrophe today. Coupled with the Soul Eater Talisman and the power of the two evil soldiers of the Blood River Bell, it can directly kill these one-star and two-star fighting immortals.

"Yueru, give me three minutes!" After Xiao Yan summoned two Saint Flame Crystals, he was not idle and said directly.

"Is there any danger..." Yueru couldn't help but ask.

"Yes, yes... but it's worth it." Facing Yue Ru's concern, Xiao Yan said with a conspicuous smile slightly leaking from the corner of his mouth.

As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan's palm, a khaki-yellow holy flame crystal, and a cyan holy flame crystal, on top of the two holy flame crystals, an extremely terrifying flame force was slowly born .

The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed tightly, then he gritted his teeth slightly, and a smear appeared decisively. His eyes were fixed on the two holy flame crystals that exuded the power of destruction on the palm of his hand. The Saint Flame Crystal moved directly towards it.

"Crazy!"

"Definitely a lunatic!" But the King Xuanling who saw Xiao Yan's scene above the sky became trembling!

Even if King Xuanling collected countless information about holy flames, none of them said that holy flames can be merged!

Sheng Yan is like an overlord and monarch in the fire, and each flower is unruly. If you want to combine the power of two sacred flames, according to Xuan Lingwang's guess, there is probably only one result!

Exploded and died, instantly fell!

"I will detonate twenty-three kinds of different fires at the price. If the holy flames in the fusion zone are not successful, then it will be a little funny." Xiao Yan's face was calm, and then he gritted his teeth bitterly, and endured the clump in the palm of his hand. The powerful repulsive force emitted when the cyan flame and the khaki flame gather!

"Feng Jue, turn it around for me!" Feeling the increasingly crazy power in the two holy flame crystals, Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring as if he could instantly kill Xiao Yan in the next moment!

"Weng buzzing!" And with Xiao Yan roaring like this, the Fen Jue deep inside the body started to run at a high speed, and with the operation of Fen Jue, the repulsive force in the two holy flames actually weakened faintly. .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang bang bang!" A muffled groan emanated directly from Xiao Yan's mouth and nose. Obviously, as the two Saint Flame Crystals got closer and closer, the resulting rejection became stronger and stronger!

"I hope you don't have any trouble." Seeing Xiao Yan so desperately, Yueru got up and roared towards King Xuanling. Now, she only needs to buy three minutes for Xiao Yan!

It will continue to erupt today and tomorrow, and it will end here completely