Chapter Vol 4 1782: Movement in the dark!

That night.

With such a terrifying biting incident in Shuiyuan City, the whole city became panicky for a while. After all, the emperor's illness had not been reasonably explained. Now this kind of thing happened again, which naturally made the common people quite worried. fear.

Inside the City Lord's Mansion.

"Is the investigation clear..." At this time, the city lord stood quietly in the underground cell and asked the soldiers beside him as he watched several men who were **** in a coma inside the cage.

There is only one soldier and the city lord on the corridor of the cage, other than that.

Bailu, the highest non-commissioned officer who masters the criminal purgatory of Shuiyuan City.

"City lord, these people are the people who tried to bite you in the daytime. According to the investigation of the subordinates, they seem to have eaten some strange ingredients by mistake, so they fell into madness..." Bai Lu glanced around and found the prison cell. There was no other figure in the room, so he said.

"What's going on?" Bai Lu's cautious behavior was naturally discovered by Wu Kun, and he asked with a frown.

"City Lord, while investigating the strange power in these people, the subordinates vaguely discovered something else. There is one thing that the subordinates don't know whether to say or not." whispered.

"Speak." Wu Kun said with a livid face.

"These guys have a rather strange toxin power left in their bodies. This power has been seen in Tian Steward's house before."

"And at that time, the plague in Shuiyuan City had been completely lifted, and this was also seen by my subordinate by chance." Bailu Wanghang opened his mouth slightly, and his body couldn't help but tremble. It has been completely eliminated, and what happened to Tian Steward's family may be enough to prove something.

"Butler Tian's contribution to Shuiyuan City is obvious to all. If you maliciously slander this kind of hero, you will be punished by heaven." Listening to Bai Lu's words, Wu Kun gave a cold voice, but Steward Tian also appeared in his mind. Some unusual moves recently.

"Yes... Your Excellency, this subordinate just mentioned it casually, and didn't mean to slander Steward Tian. It's just that something was wrong in Shuiyuan City since the emperor returned to contract a serious illness." Bai Lu said helplessly.

"I know about this. Remember not to let a third person know about it."

"The investigation of these people will continue. If necessary, after communicating with their family members, they will explore their internal organs at all costs, and must find some useful information." Wu Kun dropped such a sentence and left here immediately.

"This kind of big man is really weird..." Watching the city lord leave, Bai Lu gasped in relief.

Decades ago, before the arrival of the emperor, a terrible plague occurred in Shuiyuan City. The plague spread throughout the city, making it a ruined land. Just when countless people gave up, it was the city owner Hetian. The two housekeepers went to the sea alone to find the antidote and rescued the whole city. Since then, Shuiyuan City has been quite convinced by the management of the city owner Wu Kun and Tian butler.

The night passed slowly, the second day.

"Sir." In the early morning, there was a light knock on the door of the inn where Xiao Yan lived.

"It's really early, everyone." Xiao Yan pushed open the door and smiled at him, but today there was one more person besides the three in white clothes, blue clothes and black clothes.

"Sir, this is Lord Yan Xiao, a fairyland-level powerhouse."

"Respected pharmacist, this is Mr. Gu from our Jasmine mercenary group, a late stage four-star Dou Xian. This time we go out to sea with Mr. Gu as your escort, and he will do his best to protect your safety."

"By the way, I forgot to introduce. My name is Ning Ling, I am responsible for the large and small affairs of the mercenary group. My name is Tan Yulong in white, and Shen Tian in Tsing Yi." Just after the door was opened, four figures appeared outside the door, and Ning Ling in black introduced them one by one.

"Yan Xiao, I hope to have a happy cooperation." Xiao Yan stretched out his hand, but Xiao Yan vaguely sensed that this old man named Gu Lao might have more strength than that.

"Let's go, the head of the group is pressing hard, we are running out of time, and we will talk about other things on the way. I hope Master Alchemist can't blame him." After a while, Ning Ling smiled gently, and immediately prepared to leave here and head towards the pier.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan didn't say more, and followed.

On the other side, in the mercenary union.

"Vice President, why do you think the Jasmine mercenary group is so anxious this time?" A man and a woman appeared in a rather luxurious inner hall in the mercenary union.

The man's body was arrogant, with a rather sharp aura and strength, and the woman, turned out to be the woman in red who received Xiao Yan yesterday.

"I don't know, but the Jasmine mercenary group has taken on two rather difficult tasks this time." The vice president said coldly.

"Oh...I don't know what the mission is?" The woman in red became interested and looked at the vice president and said.

"One seems to be an **** mission... As for the other, it seems to be hunting a sea beast with many evildoers in the sea."

"Little Ancestor, this place is too dangerous, you should go back to the royal family." The vice president looked at the woman in red in front of him with a sad face.

"Looks like it's interesting now," the woman in red didn't hear the vice president's words all in her ears, she muttered and disappeared here.

After the rest, a luxury ferry with a length of nearly 100 meters emerged from the dock. starter

At this moment, on the deck of the ferry, the two figures were standing lightly.

"I heard that your Jasmine mercenary group is very famous in Shuiyuan City and has never failed. I hope you won't let me down this time." One of the women looked at the graceful woman in front of her with a hat on her face and said.

"Don't worry, our Jasmine mercenary group has never missed a beat." Dou Li Qianying smiled and did not explain too much. After all, her fierce murderous aura and the strength of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal were enough to explain everything.

Dou Li Qianying, the head of the Jasmine mercenary regiment, Jasmine, is said to be a beautiful woman, and she is also a powerful six-star fighting immortal.

"They're here..." While speaking, Xiao Yan stepped onto the deck.

"Head of the regiment, this guy is the Immortal Rank Alchemist. Now everything is ready, only Dongfeng." Just arrived on the deck, a total of seven people, Ning Ling said heartily.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This time the mission is successful, they can also make a lot of money, so everyone has a smile on their faces. After all, since the emperor fell ill, many times they have nothing to gain. Now this kind of big business, But not much.

"You have five minutes. You can inquire about everything related to this trip to sea. As the head of your Jasmine mercenary group, I have the right to tell you or not to tell you." Looking at Xiao Yan's dark pupils, the bamboo hat Qianying is a simple sentence.

"I don't need anything... I just finished my retreat. I want to go out and experience it. It happens to be some kind of devil sea beast that has been rumored in the waters of Shuiyuan City. I want to see it. It's a worthwhile trip." The head of the Jasmine mercenary regiment was actually a female class, and her strength and aura were far beyond that of ordinary powerhouses.

"If that's the case... let's go."

"Elder Gu, protect him along the way."

"Remember, everything must be ordered by me, otherwise, even if you are an immortal alchemist, I will not be polite to you."

"After this is done, your reward will not be less." Jasmine glanced at Xiao Yan lightly. For some reason, she always felt that under Xiao Yan's seemingly harmless face, there seemed to be a devil living there. .

"Set sail." With a soft sound, the huge and luxurious ferry moved slowly, heading towards the boundless sea from the pier.

The error-free chapters of "Fight Breaking the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting, please collect it: () The Yandi of the God of Fighting is the fastest to update.