Chapter 269: Xiaoyi is possessed!

The Nine Souls Monument and Chang Yu were also condensed slightly when they heard the words. Obviously, when Xiao Yan was condensing the terrifying fighting skills just now, the two of them said that all the fighting energy in their bodies was transferred to Xiao Yan. Dou Qi is also rare and pitiful. Hearing Xiao Yan's words, his eyes narrowed slightly.

It was Mu Yingying and the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, who still had a lot of power.

"Don't worry, leave it to us." Mu Yingying also patted her **** slightly, and then assured Xiao Yan.

It was obvious that the terrifying fighting skills in Xiao Yan's hands had already made the arrogant Mu Yingying look at her with admiration.

"Then I'll leave it to you, all you have to do is pretend to attract attention, and we'll do the rest." Xiao Yi also said with a heavy expression.

"Okay!" Mu Yingying agreed cheerfully, and then went straight to the Scarlet Vortex with the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger.

"Are you sure?" Xiao Yi also asked.

"It's less than the second floor, after all, the defensive power of this **** whirlpool is too terrifying..." Xiao Yan said without any concealment.

"What if you add me?" Xiao Yi also laughed suddenly, and then it turned into a milky white light and merged into Xiao Yan's body.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan also didn't understand the meaning of what Xiao Yi said, but out of trust, he let Xiao Yi use it.

As Xiao Yi entered Xiao Yan's body again, Xiao Yan also felt an extremely terrifying power slowly flowing from his limbs!

At this time, Xiao Yan's strength was still at the peak level of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. Xiaoyi's possession gave Xiao Yan the power of a more terrifying and violent flame. However, these powers were also great supplements for Xiao Yan. After the final tempering, it also transformed into his own fighting spirit!

Before Xiao Yan could rejoice, he heard Xiao Yi's voice.

"Brother, my flame is no longer the original flame..." Xiao Yi's voice also echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

"That's..." Xiao Yan also knew that when Xiaoyi took out the crystal from her body just now, she found that the flame aura on Xiaoyi's body had changed a lot, and it seemed that there was some spirituality in the flame!

And Xiao Yan also knows that this kind of possession is also attached to his body, and both are prosperous!

"I already have spirituality. The next time I evolve, I should be able to compete with Shengyan..." Xiao Yi's voice also said slowly.

"Holy Flame..."

"Wait for me..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his breath suddenly soared!

Xiao Yan had absorbed the vindictive energy of Jiuhun Monument and Chang Yu before, but now adding Xiao Yi's strength, Xiao Yan's strength has skyrocketed!

The power of the Seven Star Dou Di in the early stage!

It has fully increased the power of three steps!

This was something Xiao Yan had never thought of!

And this boosting power is just the same as the refreshing power of the secret method. It is the purest power of the Nine Soul Monument and Changyu. It is only limited by time, and it will not leave any sequelae!

This is the root of Xiao Yan's daring to let go!

With the soaring strength, Xiao Yan also had a solid armor on top of his body!

The flames were burning on the fire armor, and there were some mysterious runes that were quite mysterious, as if they had the power to devour all evil.

At this time, Xiao Yan in the sky also smiled knowingly, and then felt this terrifying power, an unheard of power slowly condensed under the attack of Mu Yingying and the Heavenly Fire Holy Tiger.

"This kid is really beyond my expectations..." The Golden Dragon King also said in his heart, and then went silent, and Long Yi was also warned by the Golden Dragon King and did not help Xiao Yan. After all, according to the Golden Dragon King , This kid still has a long way to go in the future, so he can't help him blindly.

However, the two of them are always ready. If Xiao Yan has any problems, then the two of them will take action without hesitation!

"Shabu!" Tianhuo Shenghu and Mu Yingying surrounded the blood-colored vortex in the sky one after the other, and then Mu Yingying exuded a terrifying blue flame, while Tianhuo Shenghu A fiery red flame, but the fiery red flame also contains a very small azure power!

"Strange, why is the flame on this woman a little strange..."

"If it is the power of holy flame, the power is too small, but compared to ordinary flames, it is also too powerful..." In the blood-colored vortex, Yin Xie also sat cross-legged, and then countless blood-colored vortexes The ghost qi is also continuously injected into the body of the yin evil.

With the injection of ghost qi, some small wounds on Yin Xie's body are slowly healing, and then his strength is also slowly recovering.

"Boom boom boom!" Mu Yingying and Tianhuo Sacred Tiger attacked one after the other. The huge flame power shook away the ghost qi at the very edge of the blood-colored vortex, but the next moment, the monstrous ghost qi was also in the sky. degree to complete it.

"Boom boom boom!" Mu Yingying and Tianhuo Sacred Tiger's tireless attacks didn't seem to be very effective, but the two of them were not discouraged at all, and they continued to attack with the fighting spirit in their bodies.

"Waste..." The evil spirit in the blood-colored vortex also snorted coldly, and then stopped looking outside, absorbing the monstrous ghost energy.

"How come there are so many..." Hu Du couldn't help but said, the human beings like a hill in front of him were also piled up.

Yueru, who came along, bit her lip slightly, and was obviously frightened by the situation in front of her A human like a hill, if it wasn't for Hu Du's words and breath, then It's a pile of corpses!

It made people's hearts heavy.

"Shabu Shabu!" Hu Du and Wu Jiang circulated their auras, and then an extremely gentle force spread through everyone's body, and then some small black auras evaporated from the people who were arrested. .

"Are these all the people who participated in this point grabbing competition..." Yueru couldn't help but said.

"It should be almost..."

"Fortunately, we came in time, otherwise if we were one step later..." Mu Feng also said.

Afterwards, Qiu Huo Niao and Luo Guang also put down the hill-like people one after another. Fortunately, they have all slowly woken up.

"This point grabbing competition is really humble and twists and turns..."

"If I go out this time..." Hu Du also shook his head secretly. Obviously, the planning and process this time were quite imperfect.

"That's in the sky..." Wu Jiang looked up at the sky after eliminating the black ghosts in everyone's body, but was surprised to find that a very terrifying fluctuation was also from a person in the sky wearing a fire The figure of the armor radiates out...

"Xiao Yan, you can definitely do it..." Yueru closed her eyes after speaking, apparently praying for Xiao Yan in her heart.

The other people who were in the top ten of the points grabbing competition were also looking at the sky with different expressions.

At this time, the people caught in the corpse forest also slowly woke up, and then almost all of them raised their heads and looked at the huge blood-colored vortex in the sky and a flaming figure wearing fire armor.

"The sword is coming." The figure in the flame armor spoke slowly.

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: