Chapter Vol 4 1548: Acacia news!

"Xuuu!" Xiao Yan left Lingshan directly and returned to the Lingyuan alone.

The Earth Spirit Court is divided into the Earth Court and the Spirit Court, but both belong to the same family and belong to the vast and boundless area of ​​the Earth Spirit Court. Therefore, the high-level officials of the Earth Spirit Court decided to divide this area into three divisions: upper, middle and lower. govern.

Among them, the Earth Court occupies a dominant position, located in the most fertile south of the Earth Spirit Court, while the Spirit Court is located in the north. As for the territory in the middle, there are countless creatures and forces living under the shelter of the Earth Spirit Court.

The core of the Lingyuan exists in the center of this incomparably huge city where Xiao Yan is at this time, and this city is full of traffic, and its overall area is so huge that Xiao Yan is stunned. It also shows the depth of Lingyuan's heritage.

Even the bustling level of the city is far beyond Xiao Yan's imagination. Here, whether it is a drug market or a downtown, the level of liveliness is second to none.

In addition, there are millions of creatures living in the city. Among these creatures, there are many human beings, and even some ghosts that are just souls. But even so, under the protection of the Spiritual Academy, They also live together in peace and harmony.

"I don't know how to practice and experience in this Spiritual Academy." Xiao Yan had just returned to his residence and tried to find Di Lao, but was told by his senior brother in the Spiritual Academy that Di Lao had not returned from his trip. You can only leave the residence and walk around the city.

The Lingyuan exists in the center of the city, but Xiao Yan's residence is only on the edge of the city center, and has not yet joined the Lingyuan. After all, the Lingyuan is heavily guarded, and the new disciples are not led by the headmaster. It is easy to get lost, so Xiao Yan simply prepared to visit this city first.

"The teahouse...just right." After a while, Xiao came to a teahouse called 'Piaoxianglou', and he walked in slowly and sat down. Now that he has just arrived at this unfamiliar place, he naturally wanted to know the details first. Inquire clearly as well.

Whenever people come and go, such as teahouses and taverns, it is often the easiest place for information to circulate. As for the identity of the alchemist, Xiao Yan does not want to reveal it. If the alchemist ID card is exposed, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will lose a lot of free time.

"Hey, I don't know if you heard about it?" After a while, Xiao Yan just sat down, and suddenly someone on the other wooden tables said loudly.

"What is it?" On the wooden tables, there were a tall fat man and two men in scholarly costumes. As soon as the fat man finished speaking, the other two thin men also cast their eyes and asked. .

"It is said that the Acacia tree located in the middle of our Earth Spirit Academy is about to appear." Fatty picked up the tea set in his palm, finished drinking it, and said boldly.

"Acacia tree?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he couldn't help but lose his voice. Obviously, these few words shocked Xiao Yan.

Acacia tree and Acacia bronchitis have quite the same name. Is there any connection between them?

After all, Xiao Yan's top priority now is not only to restore the power of his master, the Soul Eater, but also to find Acacia Brokenheart inflammation.

"This little brother looks quite raw." Fatty laughed when he saw this.

"But what you don't know is that this acacia tree is said to be a strange tree that was transformed by the lifelong efforts and souls of a desperate couple."

"It is said that if you make a wish under the acacia tree, you can grow old together. What's more, there is an extremely small chance to enter the inner space of the acacia tree. There are many legends in the inner space of the acacia tree. Treasures, even martial arts and fighting skills."

"However, since it was recorded, there is only one person who has entered the inner space of the Acacia tree." Fatty smiled kindly, and his voice was full of yearning.

"I don't know who it is?" Xiao Yan suddenly became interested. Obviously, this acacia tree is probably not as simple as it seems.

"Master of the Spiritual Academy." Fatty's eyes slowly turned, and after looking around, he said, obviously the Master of the Spiritual Academy seems to contain some kind of terrifying magic power!

"Master of the Spiritual Academy?" Xiao Yan was even more surprised.

Not to mention the wonders of this acacia tree, the strength of the head of the spiritual academy alone, I am afraid that it has reached the point of Tong Xuan, so powerful, I am afraid...

"Hey, I've heard a little about the head of the Spiritual Academy."

"It is said that the master of the Lingyuan is a human, but he fell in love with a ghost world woman who is only in the state of a soul body, and the ghosts in the ghost world, if they want to be completely resurrected and transformed into humans, they must gather seven souls and six souls to complete them. The soul body, and the use of special methods to refine the body, can truly be reborn as a human, the head of the spiritual house has searched for countless methods for this, but he is unable to help his beloved wife to refine the body."

"One time, the acacia tree came, and the master of the spiritual academy went to find a way to hide from his beloved wife. By chance, he entered the inner space of the acacia tree. No one knew what he experienced, but he came from the inner space of the acacia tree After coming out, it is a retreat, and after leaving the retreat, his beloved wife has successfully transformed into a real human being."

"And his beloved wife is said to be quite special. The general method of refining the body is useless to her, and even the head of the Lingyuan has dispatched his personal connections in the entire Soul Realm for this purpose, and there is no solution, so I concluded. , there should be something mysterious in the space inside the Acacia tree." The two scholars also smiled.

"And now, the news of the imminent arrival of the Acacia tree will probably spread throughout the entire Spiritual Academy. At that time, the Spiritual Academy and the factions in the middle of the realm will probably be fighting for another battle." Fatty said slowly.

"Listen to you... This acacia tree is so mysterious, why do you want to spread the news?" Xiao Yan asked with some doubts.

"Hey, the Acacia tree is mysterious, but its attraction to ghosts is fatal. After all, every ghost wants to gather their own seven souls and six souls to refine their body and be reborn as a human.

"However, under the Acacia tree, there is a very special kind of acacia power, and that kind of power cannot be resisted. Only those who have deep love in their hearts can resist, otherwise they cannot get close to the Acacia tree within a kilometer, let alone the acacia. The interior space of the tree."

"So those of us, although we yearn for it, have no fate. After all, the power of lovesickness cannot be resisted. If we rush into it, I'm afraid it will only increase casualties." After the fat man finished speaking, there was a trace of regret in his eyes. .

"Is that so..." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly, then drank the tea in his palm and left here immediately.

"Acacia tree... I remember that this acacia tree and Acacia Broken enteritis came from the same vein. Could it be that I remembered it wrong?" As Xiao Yan left, the voice of the Soul Eater suddenly sounded in his heart. .

"The Acacia tree is about to come, it seems that I have to hurry up. After all, I rashly took out the Acacia and Broken Enteritis from the Acacia tree and divided them into two places. The power of the Acacia Cremonitis has gradually weakened... I hope that what I have All this is done, right." At the same time, in the highest void of Li Soul Realm, the figure of Li Soul Lord also appeared in his own temple and spoke slowly.

As soon as the voice fell, a pink flame suddenly jumped on the palm of the hand, like a elf. It seemed to want to escape the claws of the Lord of Li Soul, but it was completely surrounded by countless sinister patterns!