Chapter Vol 4 983: Officially begin!

The night was fleeting, and with the first ray of dawn on the horizon, the atmosphere of this Blood River Town suddenly rose to the extreme.

"Elder Brother, how's your rest?" In the early morning, everyone in the Fenxiang Pavilion also got up early. In order to meet this sect competition, it could be seen that everyone did not rest well.

"Thanks to your magical medicine, Junior Brother, the injuries of the seven of us have already healed." Mu Tianyuan looked up and saw that it was Xiao Yan, and said slowly.

Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded, and after Du and the other six people in the Heavenly Palace greeted each other, Xiao Yan went to pull Xiao Yi up again.

It is strange to say that this guy Xiao Yi, although his strength is already a rank five nine-star Dou Emperor at this time, but after he hides his breath, even Yan Chi can hardly detect it. The secret is probably related to his identity as a fire elf. , so this time in the sect competition, Xiao Yi will also go with Xiao Yan.

"Mu Yingying?" She just called Xiaoyi to go to the meeting point in the backyard, and suddenly found Mu Yingying in her sight, but at this moment, there was a man behind Mu Yingying. Xiao Yan was no stranger to his breath, but his appearance was relatively unfamiliar.

"This is my brother." Mu Yingying originally wanted to say hello to Xiao Yan, but her brother was on the side, and then she thought of her brother's resistance to Xiao Yan. A word to avoid embarrassment.

"Senior Yanchi is going too?" Xiao Yan naturally nodded and asked when he heard the words, without Mu Yingying saying, Xiao Yan also guessed, maybe Yanchi wanted to use the ghost face soul flame or some power in the blood river to expel and heal himself Injuries in the body.

"I have some dark diseases on my body, and I need to use some things in the blood river to heal." Yan Chi said.

"Isn't the blood river a suppressing force?"

"Is the powerhouse of One Star Fighting Immortal also going?"

"This is too unfair, isn't it?" Xiao Yi on the side pouted in dissatisfaction, obviously Xiao Yan had already told himself the news of the holy flame in the blood river, and now this old guy is going in, with Yan Chi's strength, I am afraid Their chances will be slim.

"You think I want to go."

"This is also a last resort."

"Even if I have the strength of a one-star Dou Xian, after entering the blood river, I will be suppressed by the power within it, and my strength is at the earliest stage of the eight-star Dou Emperor, and with the serious injuries in my body, I am afraid that I am not a match for the two of you. "

"At that time, I can't say that I will have to use your help." Yan Chi said with some dissatisfaction.

"It's easy to talk about." Xiao Yi nodded secretly when she heard the words.

Since everyone's strength will be suppressed to the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di, it will be easier to handle.

But if you think about it carefully, these old guys are reluctant to bend their bodies and go to the blood river, even if the blood river has holy flames, after all, they are all heads and faces. If they enter the blood river, they will be defeated by some juniors because of their strength. , I'm afraid it will be laughable.

"In that case, let's go together." Xiao Yan heard the words and said something.

As soon as the voice fell, the four of them walked towards the backyard.

The four of them had just arrived in the backyard, and immediately saw that the four hundred disciples in the Fenxiang Pavilion were neatly assembled, and the leading palace masters were also watching Xiaoyi and the others in front of the team.

"The sect competition will begin soon."

"This time the sect competition is different from the past, but what you need to remember is that the senior brothers in front of you are the ones you can absolutely trust."

"After our consideration, now, the seven people from the Heavenly Palace, Mu Yingying, Yan Chi, Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yi, a total of eleven people, will enter the second floor of the Blood River, under the command of the senior brother Mu Tianyuan."

"As for the other disciples, Qin Xin, Ling Xuan, and Mu Feng are on the first floor of the Blood River."

"I don't want you to get a good ranking this time. The number of people who go out is the biggest achievement."

"Do you understand?" Zhu Jin said coldly to the disciples behind him. These disciples are the mainstays of their Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Understood!" When the disciples heard the words, they suddenly roared out with an aura like a rainbow, and their voices overwhelmed the entire venue like an overwhelming sea.

"We Burning Incense Pavilion never cause trouble, but we are never afraid of trouble."

"If someone provokes us, we will certainly not stand by."

"I hope you come back safely."

"Let's go." Zhu Jin said in an endless stream, and then opened his mouth.

"Senior Brother Xiao Yan, strengthen my Yan Pavilion!"

"Senior Brother Xiao Yan, strengthen my Yan Pavilion!"

"Senior Brother Xiao Yan, strengthen my Flame Pavilion!" In the backyard, a group of disciples said in a mighty manner as they looked at the man with a heavy ruler in front of him with eyes like bright moons.

They know that Xiao Yan's current strength is only in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, but this guy is a legend in the entire sect. Naturally, it is expected by hundreds of disciples.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan has always been a ruthless person, but facing such a huge lineup, he couldn't help but feel a sour nose, and then he didn't dare to stay here, and headed directly towards the entrance of Yuehejian.

Needless to say, these guys in the Burning Incense Pavilion, Xiao Yan and the Xuanling Royal Family are also in a deadly situation, because the Xuanling Royal Family is the enemy of the Medusa family.

After a while, everyone in the Burning Incense Pavilion lifted off into the sky and headed for a certain place.

At this time, other super sects or large and small forces in Blood River Town, those disciples are like locusts, filling the entire sky with darkness.

Under the cover of countless disciples, in the northernmost part of Xuehe Town not far away, a dark aura slowly appeared.

That breath descended from the sky, and even the contaminated land exudes an extremely terrifying disgust.

"Hello everyone I am the guardian of Blood River Town." And just when everyone was attracted by the evil vibe, a voice came from nowhere.

"I'm afraid this is also a strong immortal warrior." Xiao Yan sullenly, just relying on the pressure of this voice made Xiao Yan immersed in the situation.

"This is the old man who guards the blood river and is responsible for opening the seal, a genuine fighting immortal powerhouse." The elder brother Mu Tianyuan laughed.

"Have other sect forces come yet..." Xiao Yi asked.

"Don't worry, you will meet you naturally when you get inside." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he looked at the farthest north, where is the entrance to the Blood River.

"Because of the spirit of the blood river, plus the need for human powerhouses to die in battle, the seven stars were immediately sealed by the previous generation of great powers."

"But with the passage of time, every once in a while, we will start it and let the disciples of the major forces enter it to cultivate."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"In the blood river, good fortune and misfortune depend on each other, and everyone is safe!" And as this voice fell, the black mark in the northernmost part of the blood river town was suddenly torn out of thin air by a towering giant hand.

"The river of blood has opened,"

"Those who are not strong enough to be a Seven Star Dou Emperor can only enter the first floor, and those whose strength is above the Seven Star Dou Emperor can only enter the second floor."

"Everyone, please." An indifferent voice sounded, indicating that the most important prosperous era of Xuan Sansan had begun!