Chapter 349: 7 floors underground palace!

"That's good." The Golden Dragon King was relieved when he heard the words. Obviously, the things he was worried about were also answered by this Yu Xuan.

"Although there are many treasures in the underground palace, there are also some dangers. After all, opportunities and dangers coexist." Yu Xuan also said slowly, but this is obviously for Xiao Yan, after all Xiao Yan is now a four-star fight. The strength of the middle emperor, if you want to break into this underground palace that the Xuanling royal family regards as a treasure, it is tantamount to ascending to the sky!

"Since the mother of the fairy bodhi tree is located on the sixth floor of the Xuanling royal family underground palace, then things are much easier to handle." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly, but the rare fiery in his voice was not concealed at all. live.

In any case, the mother of this fairy bodhi tree must get it!

After recovering the power of the soul at the peak, when Xiao Yan obtained a holy flame, he could start to gather his body for himself, and it would be another kind of rebirth at that time.

"But there is one thing I have to remind you of."

"The people in the Xuanling royal family, for some reason, every strong person has more or less the power of flame..."

"The power of that flame also has a very strong restraint on our Tianmu fish family..."

"If my expectations are right, then the power of flame is stronger than the power of flame on this little brother!" Yu Xuan also said. Obviously, although the transaction has been completed, there are some things that must be explained clearly. , otherwise the boat capsize in the gutter is a small matter, and it is a big deal if you can't save your daughter.

"Oh..." Hearing the words, the Golden Dragon King's eyes became contemplative. Obviously, he was quite clear about the power of flames on Xiao Yan's body. Xiao Yan's flame power is more powerful, and only the legendary holy flame...

"At the beginning, the members of the Xuanling royal family had just come to Xuantiantian, trying to go to the north of Xuantiantian to fight with those super sects in the mountains with strong emperor energy. In the middle of Xuantian San, we found the place where our Tianmu fish inhabits."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I still clearly remember which strong man of the Xuanling Royal Family was a strong man with the peak strength of Dou Di. Ever since he discovered the treasure in the extremely huge underground river of our Tianmuyu clan, he also called A lot of strong people, so one day when we were resting, we attacked in a big way, thus destroying our Tianmuyu clan, but at that time, the men and horses summoned by the Xuanling royal family also suffered heavy losses."

"Since then, there has been the power of the Xuanling Royal Family. After they annexed the wealth of our Tianmuyu clan, their strength and power have also expanded rapidly, and this is the detachment of the Xuanling Royal Family today."

"However, among the people who were called by the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family, a large part of them had the power of flame, and the power of flame had a fatal suppression on our Tianmu fish family, so we were also defeated. So fast." Yu Xuan also said slowly.

"The breath of flame..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"Senior, do you still remember what that flame power is?" Xiao Yan also asked.

"The power of that flame..."

"I remember that I was born with a deep fear, as if my soul could burn..."

"And the power is also extremely terrifying..." Yu Xuan also said with an ugly expression.

"Fear?" Xiao Yan was still puzzled. This type of fear can appear as long as the soul power reaches a certain level.

"but……"

"The founder of the Xuanling Royal Family encountered the backlash of the mysterious flame when he attacked our Tianmu fish clan..."

"And according to my feeling, it seems that the flame on the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family is not willingly attached to him, but more like control, because I feel a rather powerful force of resistance..." Yu Xuan also said slowly.

"Backlash?" Xiao Yan frowned just now, and the next moment he heard Yu Xuan's words, he was suddenly overjoyed!

Because if thousands of years ago, the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family encountered the backlash of the holy flame, then there would definitely be sequelae, and this holy flame was also forcibly absorbed, maybe it was not swallowed...

If you forcibly swallow it, you can only rely on powerful strength to suppress the holy flame, just like your ancestor Xiao Xuan, with the strength of the peak of the nine-star fighting saint, to forcibly suppress the three different flames!

However, this kind of suppression also has its limits. Once it cannot be suppressed, the outbreak of the power of holy flame is extremely terrifying.

"Hehe, you kid, don't be too happy too soon." The Golden Dragon King also found Xiao Yan with a happy face, and said indifferently.

"I know, but Sheng Yan really seems to be in this mysterious royal family..."

"This is easy to handle. Having a target is always easier than finding a needle in a haystack..." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth also grinned!

Fen Jue in his own body, even now, has only just broken through the immortal rank and is at the bottom of the immortal rank. If he devours this holy flame, then Xiao Yan also believes that only by virtue of the various advantages of Fen Jue, among the same rank In invincible hand!

"Senior, don't worry."

"We will rescue your daughter." Xiao Yan also slowly touched the dark brown conch, then gently put it away and said to Yu Xuan.

"Although I don't know if the flame on the founder of the Xuanling Royal Family is the holy flame you mentioned, but I can be sure of one thing In this underground palace, on the last floor, I vaguely I felt some very familiar smells..."

"That smell has the same effect as the flame power of the founder of the Xuanling royal family back then..."

"But I also felt some extremely subtle fluctuations, obviously guarding these extremely precious things..." Yu Xuan also looked at the endless void after thinking for a while.

"The seventh floor of the underground palace..." Xiao Yan also murmured, but the excitement in his heart could not be concealed no matter what.

If this holy flame really exists on the seventh floor of the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family, then just wait for the right time.

"But I have to tell you in advance that the Xuanling royal family seems to have a very close cooperation with some forces in the ghost world, and there will definitely be a powerhouse at the level of fighting immortals in the seventh floor of this underground palace, you You have to think twice." Yu Xuan also seemed to notice the smile on Xiao Yan's face, and said it too.

"Hehe, I will always go to the seventh floor of the underground palace, and..."

"Fighting Immortal..." The Golden Dragon King also snorted coldly, and then an extremely huge aura slowly emanated...

"This volatility..."

"It's actually reached the level of a half-immortal!" Yu Xuan was also dumbfounded, because the fighting qi triggered by the soul power of the Golden Dragon King alone is terrifying as a half-immortal, if the Golden Dragon King recovered his soul power and possessed If you have a body, then its power will also be more powerful!

Ask for tickets!