Chapter Vol 4 1734: A real conspiracy!

"How is it possible..." Looking at such a **** and evil ancient formation, Bai Zetian and Devourer's faces showed an extremely ugly look.

Even the two guardians of the Heavenly Soul and Earthly Soul, who are powerful and profound, are also filled with an unbelievable look!

This master of the soul has already arranged many means, and even the treasure land with abundant energy in the world, the desert hinterland has been arranged into an ancient formation!

To complete your own path of reincarnation!

How about such an evil formation, the power to devour dozens of eight-star fighting immortals, as well as the power of many elites from the Soul Relief Domain and Soul Eater Domain, plus the power of Acacia Broken Enteric Disease, the road to reincarnation is easy.

And this so-called Wumang Blood Soul Array can absorb the blood essence of countless powerhouses and turn it into nourishment for oneself, thus paving the way for one's own reincarnation!

"It's no wonder that guy is so confident." Xiao Yan below smiled bitterly, obviously the situation is now beyond the scope of his control.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, the power of this five-mang blood soul formation is probably no weaker than the forbidden technique cast by the Demon of Light, and with the strength of all of them, they cannot break through and leave here. I am afraid that this time, it will be a real dead end. .

"Ah..." Seeing this scene, You Er was also unable to shake her head.

"You'er, there's a problem." After a while, Xiao Yan's vindictive energy in his body recovered a little, and immediately got up and asked You'er with a serious look.

"I know what you want to ask, but I don't know either."

"And I can tell you that concern in your heart."

"I believe you have also noticed that the Lord of Li Soul, who devoured Acacia Flame and was seriously injured before, can be tied with the protective power in your body." You Er still opened his mouth. It is necessary to hide Xiao Yan.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and Xiao Yan always felt that something was wrong.

"Because the soul body is completely eroded by some mysterious power, the master of the soul cannot condense the body and be reborn as a human being, and the research of our soul academy is to use special methods, special medicinal materials to refine into medicinal liquid, carry out Soak and absorb, so as to be able to crack his strange physique."

"And this special medicinal liquid must be guided by the power of holy flame, even after soaking, it will be seriously injured, but the so-called serious injury is not strength, nor soul power, just a weakness of breath, but he himself The power has not diminished in any way.”

"And the strength of the Lord of Souls, I am afraid that he has already touched the reincarnation, so when he left the customs, he only showed a sense of weakness after being soaked in the medicinal liquid. As for the sluggish breath, I am afraid he did it on purpose."

"And to solve the problem of his strange physique, plus Acacia and everyone here, I'm afraid this guy's purpose is not just reincarnation, but... a reincarnation realm."

"And the last way we have is to use the holy flame to attack him. Unfortunately, Acacia flame is so well protected by him that I don't have any chance." Heavy voices continued to emerge from You Er's mouth. During these times, You Er also figured out all the ins and outs.

"Damn..." Until this moment, Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring viciously, unable to say.

"Hahaha!"

"Everyone, wait quietly for the destruction!"

"The next cycle of blood soul formation, today's events have been confirmed by my lord's prophecy."

"I'm waiting to follow you to the death!"

"Help my lord to achieve reincarnation!" As soon as the voice fell, Hua Shao was the leader, and all the remaining Li Soul Domain powerhouses were shaking their bodies. The fog and flickering were all injected into the five-mang blood-soul formation. For a time, around the black light pattern evil formation covering the desert hinterland, countless blood mists rolled and surging, and the monstrous formation was suffocating.

"Queen, what should I do now?" Seeing the sudden scene, the four minds around Hao Ni'er couldn't help asking.

"Do it, tear this evil formation apart!" After a while, Hao Ni'er's beautiful eyes showed a rare burst of perseverance, and immediately waved it, the space around her body became extremely distorted, a heavy feeling of collapse spontaneously.

"Sky-devouring Colossus!"

"Bai Ming Palm!"

"Fire of the Heavenly Soul!"

"Water of the Earth Soul!"

"Space prism, the dimension is destroyed!" For a time, the five eight-star fighting immortals, the majestic fighting spirit in the body like a long rainbow, filed out, and the last five thousand-zhang energy training enough to tear the world, completely hit the black pattern evil formation above.

"Boom!" Five destructive beams of light fell on the black-patterned evil formation, and the entire desert hinterland trembled involuntarily, like the anger of the heaven and the earth. Fear.

"..." After a few breaths, the five beams of light slowly disappeared, and the majestic energy did not tear any corner of the formation, but instead poured into the evil formation!

"Gululu!" At the same time, the black-patterned evil formation trembled. It was like a huge pentagram as a whole. After absorbing five destructive energy, it suddenly left the desert and lifted directly into the sky!

In the five corners of the Wumang Blood Soul Array, countless eerie blood mists are constantly surging, they are roaring, roaring, and fearful!

And as the five-mang blood-soul formation took off, the blood mist in the five corners turned out to be facing the central cage of the five-mang blood-soul formation. As for the center of the formation, it was actually the same pink color that disappeared from the original master of the soul. Space, completely overlapped!

At this moment, countless blood mists poured into the pink space, paving the way for the reincarnation of the Lord of Li Soul!

"This guy!" Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan's heart became more solemn than ever.

The prestige of the Lord of Soul Li was not completely clear to Xiao Yan until now. This guy really took all the worst results into consideration, and even sacrificed the entire West Temple and all the strong men under Li Soul Guard as blood fog. , is just to pave the way for one's own reincarnation!

After the Eight Star Fighting Immortals is complete, it will be reincarnation!

After stepping into reincarnation, it is divided into one to nine reincarnations.

Looking at the current battle, it is obvious that the Lord of Li Soul is not only trying to break through the reincarnation, but even wants to officially step into the first reincarnation with the help of the five-pointed blood soul formation!

This guy has a human face and a beast heart, and everyone gets it and kills him!

"Is this... doomsday?" Watching the countless blood mists on the five corners of the Wumang Blood Soul Array retreating to the center of the master of the soul, countless powerhouses were able to detect, a touch of Xeon's fluctuations. , soaring at a speed visible to the naked eye, I am afraid that it will not be long before a true supreme ruler will completely fall out from here.

"Queen." Looking at the five-maned blood-soul formation that could not be resisted in front of them, the four minds looked at Hao Ni'er, waiting for her order, and even the dozens of elites who followed Hao Ni'er behind them. Indifferent, there was no flinch in the pupils, instead a frenzy emerged.

Soul Eater Domain suffered heavy losses after being attacked by the Lord of Souls. It was the woman in front of her who fully supported Soul Eater Domain. Since they decided to follow Hao Ni'er, they had put their own life and death aside.

"call."

"You go."

"I'll... destroy this place." His eyes closed slightly, and then opened them after a short breath, and then Hao Ni'er let out a long sigh, and there was an unquestionable arrogance in his voice.

Wen Ke's boudoir is gentle and jade, and Wu Ke tears the sky with his bare hands!