Chapter Vol 4 1516: Team up to break the seal!

"Pfft!" In an instant, the power transformed by Mo Tianxing's forbidden arm was completely wiped out by the seal of the Heavenly King Xiao Yan. Immediately, the guy's chest heaved violently, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Big brother!"

"Big brother!"

"Big brother!"

"Sir!" After a short while, the other three of the four heroes of the Hidden Soul Society and the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society also roared at Mo Tianxing.

During their trip, only Mo Tianxing, a half-step four-star fighting immortal, took the lead. If even he failed, I am afraid that this battle would no longer have the slightest suspense. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"Retreat!" In a few breaths, Mo Tianxing looked at Xiao Yan with a grim expression, wishing to swallow Xiao Yan, but he knew that he had failed, and the taboo arm was completely obliterated by Xiao Yan, and now only One way to retreat.

What Mo Tianxing did not expect was that this Xiao Yan actually learned the seal of the Heavenly King hidden by the Heavenly King!

"Don't worry, how could you leave so easily." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and a dazzling wave suddenly erupted. After all, the Hidden Soul would be too vicious, and since they had become enemies, then Xiao Yan was naturally won't let them go easily.

"Yuan Yan!" After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly drank to a rather hidden place in the space, and suddenly a little girl's figure slowly appeared in everyone's sight.

"Leave it to me!" Seeing this, Yuan Yan also smiled excitedly, but a stone formation that exuded heart-pounding fluctuations in his hand also burst out, and immediately his pink and tender hands were facing Mo Tianxing's hidden soul. The strong will throw it away.

"Not good! It's the power of the formation!"

"Quickly withdraw!" Mo Tianxing hurriedly shouted when he saw this, but it was too late. The dazzling formation stone exploded directly, forming a formation that enveloped all the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society.

"Boom!" I don't know what kind of formation Yuan Yan was using, but the formation pattern that appeared on the stone formation reached 40,000!

Forty thousand paths!

This is a tyrannical existence that is enough to easily obliterate the Four-Star Fighting Immortals. Being displayed by Yuan Yan like this, many of the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society will suffer heavy losses even if they don't die.

"Susu...what a waste." Seeing that the strongest of the Hidden Soul Society was defeated by a little-known three-star fighting immortal mid-stage, and even all the strongmen were trapped by a little girl, suddenly on the other side, the Hall of Souls The dozens of powerhouses inside couldn't help but snorted coldly.

There are a total of twelve people in the Soul Hall, and among these twelve people, all of them have the perfect strength of the Three Star Dou Xian, so even if they temporarily wiped out the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society, these guys are evenly matched with them.

"Is the Soul Palace strong..." At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly shifted to these guys. Without exception, the twelve people were all shrouded in black robes, but the guy who just spoke seemed to be this guy. The leader of the crowd generally has the absolute right to speak.

"Let's do it, either you will die or I will die today." After a short while, the leader of the Soul Palace opened his mouth, and his voice was filled with a taste of death, but the eyes hidden under the black robe were facing each other from time to time. The Qiankun ancient formation is invested, as if waiting for something.

"Go!"

"To completely obliterate these wicked guys!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and attacked these guys together, but Xiao Yan's eyes were always watching the inside of the Qiankun Ancient Array. Any energy fluctuations will be discovered immediately.

And once the Poison Demon Empress is freed from the trap, I am afraid that this demon town will also fall into a real purgatory. At that time, it will be the best chance for my master to get out. Before that, he can only rely on his own strength.

"Boom!" The overall quality of the powerhouses in the four continents is excellent, even if there is some personal grievance, but when facing the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society and the Soul Palace, they are also the same enemies and fight against the enemy together. Because of the principle of prosperity and prosperity, they still understand .

However, although the twelve people in this Soul Hall are all three-star Dou Xian complete strength, but under the siege of Xiao Yan and others, they are also retreating for a while. Obviously, it is only a matter of time to completely defeat them. As for the guys from the Hidden Soul Society. , was trapped in Yuan Yan's formation and was tortured.

Inside the Qiankun Ancient Formation, the Dawn Light Gate seals the space outside the formation.

"Soul, are you sure!" As Xiao Yan used the Thor Scroll to get out of here, Dusha was also full of resentment, thinking that he was a dignified half-emperor-level powerhouse, and now his four-star fighting immortal-level strength was actually beaten by a three-star The guy in the middle stage of Dou Xian was playing around, which made him quite annoyed.

"Weng Om!" The ghost didn't respond to the poisonous brake, but the black blood mist on the body was expanding. After a short period of time, it was close to covering most of the space, and the scarlet lines on the blood mist slowed down. Slowly emerged, it turned out that this space was completely imprisoned.

"Hey!" The Dawn Light Gate Sealing Array has a very strong imprisoning power for the eerie ghosts and the power of evil, so it becomes restless for a while, and the white light that can be seen everywhere in the space is attacking the ghosts. Go away, the white light contains divine power, trying to purify the black blood mist on the soul, but when it just touched the blood mist pattern on the soul, it suddenly rioted, as if being hit Frightened in general!

"What kind of power is this?" Di Dusha is also well-informed, but when he saw the lines of the blood mist on the soul of the evil spirits, a trepidation also emerged. He knew that the power this guy exerted at this time was definitely not himself. Yes, it seems a bit like other strong men gave him, so it was kept in the bottom of my heart.

It's just that the lines on the blood mist exudes a power that makes all things worship and surrender, making people shudder.

"Dawn Light Gate, break it for me!" In an instant, when the scarlet lines on the blood mist flashed with an unusually bloody, blood-colored aura, a very dignified **** smell could be seen everywhere in this space, and the ghosts were also pupils. Shrink tightly, and then look at the faintly flickering hall in the space!

"Crash!" At this moment, the lines on the countless blood mist suddenly burst out with extremely tyrannical power, and attacked the hall in the center! New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"Weng Om Om!" After all, the Dawn Light Gate was set up by a light-type powerhouse. Upon sensing this scene, the bright white light immediately ignited completely, thus making this space a solemn and sacred setting!

"It's too late!" After a while, the ghost smiled strangely, and then the illusory palm suddenly squeezed, and the mysterious lines on the blood mist suddenly showed a trace of cracks, and the morning light gate sealing formation was also in the soul. Under such terrifying destruction, it has become fragmented.

"Earth Brake Palm!" Upon seeing this, Di Poison Brac was overjoyed immediately, and the dazzling attack of the palm went directly towards the hall, and the evil poisonous gas that covered the sky and the earth suddenly emerged.

"Boom!" Let the Dawn Light Gate Seal Array be tyrannical, and at the same time face the dazzling attacks of the soul and the poisonous temple, it is also slowly broken.

"Whoa!"

"Boom!" With the full use of Soul Evil and Earth Poison Brake, the white light in this space slowly disappeared, and in the center, a solemn hall slowly emerged.