Chapter Vol 2 713: Yueru's situation

The mountain range entrenched by the Burning Incense Pavilion is Mount Hua, which is a rare geomantic treasure.

And the mountain range surrounded by Wanhua Pavilion is not as unique as Mount Hua, but the mystery is incomparable to Mount Hua.

Wanhua Mountain, which is entrenched in Wanhua Pavilion, occupies the danger of heaven and earth. In the mountain range, there are countless exotic flowers and plants, which is a veritable flower mountain.

Wanhua Mountain is halfway up the mountain.

"Master, what kind of flower is this?"

"Take a good look." A young girl bowed her body slightly, and then looked at a beautiful flower on the ground.

"This is the Viper flower, a highly poisonous flower, which is a favorite plant of snake-shaped beasts."

"The flower has five shapes, and the center of the stamen is flickering with a hint of flickering. This is clearly a snake flower in its mature stage." I can't stop those red lips.

If someone with discerning eyes is here, they will definitely find that this woman is such a pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion.

Hua Xin, a true fighting immortal powerhouse!

"A snake flower..." The woman heard the words and looked down slightly, as if she remembered something when she looked at the snake flower.

In the woman's mind, a dark man with a heavy ruler slowly appeared.

"how?"

"Remember your little lover again?" Hua Xin wrinkled slightly, and then asked the woman.

The woman in front of Hua Xin was the Yue Ru that Xiao Yan knew back then.

Today's Yueru's strength has risen to the level of a five-star Dou Emperor's perfection, and he is only one step away from the Six-star Dou Emperor Capital.

If it wasn't for the taboo of Fairy Moonlight's inherited identity and future potential, I'm afraid Hua Xin would have helped Yueru break through.

Today's Yueru is different from what Xiao Yan encountered before. Now, Yueru's body has grown to perfection. Her tall figure and attractive legs make countless men go crazy.

"Master!" Seeing her master teasing her, Yueru immediately blushed slightly and let out a coquettish cry.

"Want to know about him..." Hua Xin seemed to have seen through Yueru's thoughts, and immediately laughed.

"Think!" Yueru spoke directly without thinking about it.

Since Yueru joined Wanhua Pavilion, she has won the attention of the top management of Wanhua Pavilion in a short period of time, and won the appreciation of Huaxin, the master of Wanhua Pavilion with her outstanding potential and successor, thus successfully becoming Wanhua Pavilion. The closed disciple of the pavilion master Hua Xin!

Although she has achieved such a huge achievement, Yueru has been practicing hard over the past few years, so there is very little information about the outside world. In addition, her master has many restrictions on herself, so Yueru has news about Xiao Yan. hardly know.

"That kid's name is Xiao Yan." Hua Xin was not trying to sell her off, and murmured directly.

Hua Xin knew the character of her precious apprentice. If she was betraying herself, she might be killed by her apprentice's eyes.

"En." Yue Ru heard the words, put down what she was thinking about in her hands and mind, and listened intently.

"Since that guy joined the Burning Incense Pavilion, he chose the weakest human temple among the three temples of heaven, earth and human. I don't know the specific reason." Hua Xin said.

"I believe he has his choice." Yue Rudai frowned. Although she was a little confused, she still said the same thing.

"After joining the Hall of People, the old guy Zhu Jin took them to the Xuanling Emperor Pond of the Xuanling Imperial Family to soak in. It seemed that some unpleasant things happened later, but with Zhu Jin there, there was nothing major."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After that, Zhu Jin sent them to the desert of death to practice, and it took several years."

"Although I don't know what happened, that Xiao Yan returned from the desert of death, his strength increased greatly, and he actually won the first place in the next Fenxiangge team competition."

"Now, that kid should be absorbing the first reward." Hua Xin opened her mouth slightly. Obviously, as long as she wanted to know these news, no one could escape her eyes.

"Hmm." Yueru didn't interrupt her master, but listened intently.

Although what her master said was extremely vague, Yueru knew that behind every word and sentence, there must be countless dangers.

"Master, what level is his strength estimated now..." Yueru felt a little gratified after hearing this, and then said slightly.

"In terms of strength, I am afraid that there is a late Six-star Dou Emperor." Hua Xin said casually, Hua Xin has always been indifferent to the strength of people in other places and others. If it wasn't for her precious apprentice being so concerned about this Xiao Yan, I am afraid Hua Xin will not pay attention to this person.

"Is the Six-Star Dou Di in the late stage..." Yue Ru heard the words and smiled gratified, with a satisfied smile in the corner of her mouth.

"I remember that you made an agreement with this kid that you would need his help when you broke through the Six-Star Dou Emperor. Now it seems that you really did what you said back then." Hua Xin also said with emotion.

"Master, I want to find Xiao Yan for the ruins this time." Yueru seemed to have gathered up her courage and said to her master.

Although it is not clear what the specific reason is, Yueru knows that almost all the disciples of Wanhua Pavilion are more or less hostile to the people of Burning Incense Pavilion, and even the higher-ups of Wanhua Pavilion are more obvious. Not to mention.

"Alright, this is also your business."

"I'm thinking of the kindness of you and that kid. This time, I will suppress the opposition from the sect." Hua Xinyu slightly moved Yueru's three thousand blue silk with her hand, and she was suddenly full of strong maternal love.

"Thank you, Master." Yue Ru heard the words, her eyes slightly sour.

Yueru knew very well that she went to Xiao Yan so blatantly. Although she said it in the past, she would undoubtedly be caught by the many sisters in Wanhua Pavilion, and then she would inevitably gossip. It doesn't matter, it's just my master...

"Don't worry Although I have an indelible grievance with the people in Fenxiang Pavilion, I won't interfere too much with your affairs." Hua Xin smiled slightly, and a gentle force continued to nourish the moon Ru.

"Master, thank you." Yueru felt the kindness of her master, and she couldn't help but smile with a warm heart.

"Master, is there no way to resolve the feud between you and Fenxiang Pavilion..." The next moment, Yueru seemed to remember something, and she turned her head slightly and said to Hua Xin.

"Resolve..."

"impossible!"

"Unless the sky falls!"

"Unless he knelt down in three steps and knocked down in five steps from the Burning Incense Pavilion!"

"Unless I die!"

"Otherwise, it is impossible to resolve this enmity in this life!" Following Yueru's question, the always soft words suddenly burst out with the power of fighting immortals, and Xeon's coercion instantly permeated!

"Cough cough cough..."

"What kind of enmity is there between the master and the Fenxiang Pavilion, how can it reach such a point..." Yueru struggled for a while. If it wasn't for the power of Fairy Moon Fairy's inheritance, I'm afraid she would already be in the power of fighting immortals. Get down on your knees!

At the same time, an uninvited guest also broke the prohibition of Wanhua Mountain and came to Wanhua Mountain.

"Xin'er, this time, I'm here to atone for my sins." The man said slowly, his figure disappeared instantly, and then he moved towards a certain place in the Wanhua Pavilion.

Ask for tickets!