Chapter Vol 4 1125: against the gang (sorry yesterday

"What the **** is the silver armor of this fighting fairy puppet..."

"Not only can it weaken our attack, but it can even turn our attack into our own strength?" Qing Wen was also shocked by the scene in front of him, and said slowly.

"Brother, we can't attack now, otherwise it will only add irresistible pressure to Xiao Yan." Qing Erbei said with a slight movement of her lips, apparently this Dou Xian puppet has just absorbed the attack of the two of them, and now her strength has been completely It is stable in the early stage of One Star Dou Xian, if it is attacking, it will undoubtedly increase its power.

"Okay."

"We will be responsible for dealing with him." Qing Wen also knew that if they wanted to defeat this immortal puppet with the strength of the two of them, it might not be realistic, and now they can only pin their hopes on Xiao Yan.

And as Qing'er and Qing Wen did not attack, and passively defended, Xiao Yan, who was besieged by ten Dou Emperor peak puppets on the other side, was not very happy.

"I still underestimate these puppets." Xiao Yan's figure kept dodging, but the Ni Gong Wan deep inside his body was spinning at a high speed, obviously something was brewing.

However, Xiao Yan was also depressed. His body was originally quite advanced, but he was still a little embarrassed by the siege of these ten puppets of the peak of Dou Di.

"Originally, the Golden Demon Puppet could handle it, but after the strength skyrocketed, the Golden Demon Puppet might not be able to use it anymore."

"And I'm afraid the improvement of the Golden Demon Puppet has almost reached its limit. It seems that it can't be used in the future. After all, it can only be comparable to the mid-stage powerhouses of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, which is too weak."

"But if these guys in front of me can be subdued, I'm afraid it will be a very powerful help." Xiao Yan's figure was still constantly avoiding the attacks of ten Dou Emperor peak puppets, he thought to himself.

It is strange to say that these ten Dou Di peak puppets seem to possess intelligence, no matter how Xiao Yan dodged, the attack was not in vain, but flashed towards his own fatal spot. Fortunately, Xiao Yan made a decisive decision and nothing happened.

And for some reason, after Xiao Yan used his soul power, he suddenly felt a rather painful aura inside these guys, as if they were being controlled by someone!

These puppets shot out one after another tyrannical attacks, and the terrifying Dou Qi beams attacked the fast-moving Xiao Yan.

"Huhuhu."

"After escaping for so long, it's time for you to taste the power of the formation."

"Lightning Net Fire Formation!" The next moment, tyrannical rays of light emerged from Xiao Yan's body, and immediately, the ten puppets of the peak of Dou Di were shrouded away.

This formation was originally given to him by Zhu Jin, and extended after adding himself into the holy flame!

And that fiery red formation instantly trapped the ten puppets at the peak of Dou Di, and Xiao Yan's figure jumped into it.

"Formation?" When Qing'er and Qing Wen, who were constantly circling with the Dou Xian puppet, saw a large scene surrounded by fiery red rays of light, they couldn't help exclaiming.

In front of the two of them, the fiery red light obscured their sight, and inside was the formation that Xiao Yan had displayed.

The ferocity of the formation, but they are very clear.

A tyrannical formation is enough to stand up to a well-trained army, and the scrolls of the formation are almost extinct. The array of magic scrolls.

"It seems that this guy is really a young master from a big family who came out to experience it." Qing Wen murmured slowly in his heart. Obviously, Xiao Yan displayed a formation that trapped the peak of ten Dou Emperors, letting Qing Wen snort. A wrong judgment was made.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

What Qingwen did not know was that Xiao Yan did not rely on the formation scrolls, but the formations directly activated by the core inscriptions of life, which were more powerful than the formations arranged using the formation scrolls!

"It seems that Brother Xiao Yan really has a solution."

"Brother, we're going to hold on for a while." Qing'er was obviously just out of the arena, and she didn't think so much about Qing's book, so she became entangled in the fighting immortal puppet in front of Du.

"These guys." Xiao Yan was in the sky above the lightning net fire formation, his eyes were slightly fixed on the ten puppets, and he muttered.

And these ten puppets, even if they were temporarily trapped in the formation by Xiao Yan, did not show any panic, but between each other, a trace of silver light continued to radiate from the ten people, and then they were connected together. , followed by a burst of dazzling silver in the pupils of the ten people.

"These guys are incredible." Xiao Yan was entrenched in the air, seeing this scene, he couldn't help but say.

The silver aura on the ten puppets just now, from a certain point of view, can be said to be their life. The silver light seems to be quite mysterious, and the ten puppets want to use this to find the enemy.

"Boom boom boom!" Before Xiao Yan could react, the ten puppet figures exploded and attacked Xiao Yan in mid-air. The strength of their attack was so strong that the half-immortal powerhouse could only temporarily dodge.

"It's good to come."

"But don't underestimate my lightning net fire formation!" And Xiao Yan saw ten Dou Emperor peak puppets attacking him, without the slightest intention of dodging, and even the breath became hot. A dazzling thunder of thunder gathered from all directions in this space!

"Huo Lei Wang, give me a bundle!" The next moment, the power of the blue-yellow holy flame swept over Xiao Yan, and immediately in the space, there were thunder beams with a size of hundreds of feet, with overwhelming aura, It turned out to be the moment when the blue-yellow holy flame was wrapped, and it instantly turned into a huge net of fire and thunder of thousands of feet!

"Boom boom boom!" The ten puppets obviously did not expect that Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan's strength at the peak of the Dou Di district would still fight with them recklessly boom boom boom. "But the next moment, these ten puppets are like the power of the chickens, and they are directly bound by the Huo Lei Net!

"Hoohoho!" The ten puppets were restrained by Xiao Yan's blow, and they immediately surged wildly, struggling hard, as if trying to break free.

"Let me help you free yourself." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head hungry and then turned towards the ten people bound by the Huo Lei Net.

With the tyranny of Huo Lei Wang, Xiao Yan has the confidence to trap these ten Dou Emperor peak puppets for a while. After all, no matter what, the fire in Huo Lei Network is also the fusion of two kinds of holy flames.

"Roar!" Seeing Xiao Yan approaching, the ten puppets let out a roar like a wild beast.

"You guys should also be the ones who broke into this place rashly."

"It's just bad luck that I followed this pharmacist's way."

"I'll free you now." Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes closed gently, and the power in his soul realm immediately emerged.

"Crash!" With the emergence of soul power, these ten guys suddenly quieted down, and even a satisfied smile appeared on their faces.

"Thanks..." The next moment, the ten puppets finally made a very vague sound, and they turned into a pile of ashes in front of Xiao Yan.

"It seems that this alchemist is very bad..." And Xiao Yan looked at the ten puppets that were turned to ashes in an instant, and couldn't help cursing!