Chapter 383: Desperately!

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan also realized that as the man in black continued to condense the ghost energy, in the space of the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation, an extremely terrifying coercion slowly emerged from the black clothes. Diffuse around people!

Such fluctuations were obviously a suppression of strength, and Xiao Yan couldn't help but want to surrender, but fortunately, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and held on.

"damn it!"

"The man in black's eight-star Dou Emperor's perfection-level strength is really tricky..."

"Could it be that I fell here today..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

It's just that Xiao Yanrao did not give up resistance!

The ancient ruler of different fires that had been sunk by the man in black, which had been attacked by the man in black, was also condensed in Xiao Yan's hands again.

Long Yi also turned into a ruler, and then attached to the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

The next moment, on Xiao Yan's palm, a mysterious rune carrying mysterious power slowly emitted a dark light.

"This is……"

"Soul Devouring Talisman!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly noticed something!

"Soul Devouring Talisman, but a weapon in the ghost world!"

"It also has incredible power to deal with ghosts in the ghost world." Long Yi also said to Xiao Yan slowly.

"Looks like there is still a chance!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly became darker, and at the same time, his body's Fen Jue suddenly became high.

At this time, Xiao Yan couldn't care about other things. Even the fighting skills at the bottom of the box could not be used. He had to condense all the power in his body and use this huge power to produce an explosion. , get out of here!

This is the only chance that Xiao Yan can think of at the moment!

With the high speed of Fen Jue, an extremely hot wave appeared on Xiao Yan's body!

That force is also slowly attached to the ancient ruler of different fires!

The soul-devouring talisman in his hand also radiated a dark light, and then suddenly poured it on the ancient ruler of the different fire.

The Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler absorbed the power of the Soul Devouring Talisman, and with Xiao Yan’s burning flames, the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler became green all over, and then the twenty-three flame colors slowly faded. It flows on the ancient ruler of the eternal fire.

A sudden and terrifying wave was also slowly brewing in Xiao Yan's hands, but with the appearance of this wave, Xiao Yan's body also became tense!

"Susu!"

The man in black is also constantly condensing the ghosts around him, and then the next moment, an extremely evil skull is formed in front of the man in black!

The pitch-black skull was extremely huge, and there was an eerie and eerie aura all over its body. Among the skulls, the pupils also flashed a strange green, and then the invisible ghosts slowly dissipated in the mouth and nose. Such fluctuations really shocked Xiao Yan.

"What a terrifying fluctuation..."

"If you simply talk about the intensity of this grudge or ghost qi, I am afraid that even ten of me will not be able to match this man in black..."

"But if it's the power of ghost qi..." Xiao Yan laughed at the next moment, and then kept condensing the fighting qi in his hands!

This time, Xiao Yan also intends to go all out!

Because this 8-star Dou-Emperor level man in black strikes with all his strength, even with the power of ghost qi, the pressure on Xiao Yan is unprecedented!

"It seems that I only have this chance!" Xiao Yan also frowned, and then within the huge soul realm, a figure exactly like Xiao Yan slowly emerged, and then escaped the perception of the man in black, moving towards Go that channel!

That Xiao Yan, under the cover of a grudge, was not discovered by the man in black, but at this time, Xiao Yan also slammed into the exit of the passage with the voice of the sea!

Xiao Yan is like this, he really wants to hold the man in black, so as to win the opportunity to escape!

Because Xiao Yan does not believe that this eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse will be a fuel-efficient lamp, and Xiao Yan also has self-knowledge. With his current four-star Dou Emperor, he has no chance at all!

Fortunately, Xiao Yan has the Soul Eater Talisman to restrain ghosts, so he has some plans right away!

"Susu!"

"Boy, die with remorse!" After the man in black finished speaking, the huge pitch-black skull that filled his body also made a very harsh sound, and then that sound was like a deadly sound wave, right Xiao Yan rushed towards his face!

"Cough, cough..." Faced with such a terrifying attack, Xiao Yan didn't mean to dodge at all, he just muttered...

"It's still a little bit..." Because Xiao Yan knew that this was his only chance, once this attack failed, then he would not be able to escape today!

It's just that Xiao Yan was also shocked by the evil sound waves of this skull and his nose was bleeding, and a strong dizziness also filled Xiao Yan's heart!

"I'll go!" At this time, Xiao Yan's life-long vindictive qi was also condensed on the Yihuo Eternal Ruler. This seemingly strongest blow actually took some time to brew!

The next moment, Long Yi on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng also fell off directly, and then said to Xiao Yan.

Because Long Yi knew that once Xiao Yan fell today, his fate would be extremely tragic, and he simply gave up.

The ancient ruler of different fires fell off in an instant, and at the same time, in the space of the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation, a flaming fire dragon also slowly dispersed.

Long Yi just fell off, and he fought with the skull on the side, but Xiao Yan also knew that Long Yi was at a disadvantage, and it was estimated that it would not last long!

"Today, whatever you do!"

"You can't escape the fate of falling!"

"I think the power of flame on your body is also quite good, why don't you give it to me, maybe I can consider letting you go The man in black is also extremely disdainful.

Xiao Yan also ignored the provocation of the man in black. Long Yi bought himself time, and he couldn't give up!

The next moment, Xiao Yan also mobilized all the forces that could be mobilized in his body!

First, the milky white flame containing the power of twenty-three kinds of different fires was nearly passed to the ancient ruler of different fires. With the arrival of this huge force, the ancient rulers of different fires also turned green!

Then the next moment, the soul-devouring talisman in Xiao Yan's palm also radiated a black power, and then slowly injected it into the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire!

With the injection of this second force, the whole body of the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler is green and a black aura slowly surrounds it!

The next moment, the soul power and unexpected power in Xiao Yan's body also emerged, and then they all converged on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire!

"In the past, the seventh-level breaking sky ruler was only cultivated to the first level. I hope this time can be successful!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also lowered his head and glanced at the green and black ancient ruler with different colors in his hand. Muttered.

It seems that Yihuo Hengguchi heard Xiao Yan's call, and a burst of extremely happy emotions was transmitted to Xiao Yan's body, but at this time Xiao Yan was busy dealing with the black clothed man in front of him and didn't notice it.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The fifth level!"

"Dragon look up!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and he shouted angrily, but as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a giant dragon with fighting qi with several colors also emerged from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire!

Then the next moment, he suddenly opened his huge mouth and roared away at the green skeleton with a terrifying ghost! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: