Chapter Vol 4 1687: Small storm!

Under Li Soul Domain, outside the Holy Tan of the Undying.

"Damn bastard, it's actually three holy flames coexisting in one body, how is this possible..." On a quiet path, dozens of figures were hidden here.

This is the only way to leave the Holy Tan of the Undying. As for the people who are guarding this place at this time, it is the powerful people from the Court of Adjudication.

The leader is the next disciple of the Court of Judgment, named Yu Tianxuan, whose strength has reached the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Xian, with dozens of Judgment Guards behind him. The lineup was to capture Xiao Yan.

"Captain, it's been a few months now, the power of flames in the inner space of the Holy Tan of Undying is getting more and more terrifying, even with our strength, we can't feel the slightest bit, that Xiao Yan's middle four-star fighting immortal stage, I am afraid he has completely fallen to the undead. Inside the Holy Tan, right?"

"Now that the demons of light are aggressively attacking Li Soul Territory, how can we waste time here, we should go to the front line!" At this time, some figures were a little sullen in their hearts, and they couldn't help but come to Yu Tianxuan with rather ugly faces and said.

I can't blame them. After all, they have been waiting here for nearly half a year, and they have been inseparable for half a year, even if they have not let go of the flies. For this reason, Xiao Yan's figure is still missing. Things have made Li Hunyu panic now, so their tense hearts can't help but become so violent.

"no…"

"Xiao Yan is carrying three holy flames. If he can be captured, it will greatly increase the strength of our Li Soul Territory, so this trip, the headmaster has clearly ordered that Xiao Yan must be captured, and we must see it. Humans, die to see corpses!" Yu Tianxuan's azure aura spread out like ripples while he spoke, and the huge aura made the other dozens of adjudication guards feel a little chill in their hearts.

"Huhu."

"It's finally out, I hope it's too late." After Shun Qi, a depressed figure, carrying a black ruler behind him, stood slightly in the void outside the Holy Tan of the Undying, looking at the void in the distance and muttered.

This guy is none other than Xiao Yan, but now Xiao Yan is not what it used to be in terms of strength and aura.

"Whoa!"

"who!"

"Get out!" Just as Xiao Yan's eyes were withdrawn, his brows suddenly wrinkled, and a dazzling fighting spirit permeated.

"Xiao Yan..." Yu Tianxuan took a step forward, his incomparably dazzling aura was undoubtedly on display, and he sneered.

Yu Tianxuan couldn't understand why the powerhouses in the Court of Adjudication ordered him to bring so many powerhouses to arrest Xiao Yan, a mere four-star fighting immortal mid-level guy who could be wiped out with just one finger.

"The middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals?" Dozens of people who were surrounded by circles completely blocked Xiao Yan's retreat, and couldn't help but muttered.

Today's Xiao Yan's strength has already reached the middle stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortals, but fortunately, he deliberately suppressed his breath, and coupled with the mysterious suppression of the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler, only such power was revealed.

"Ten mid-five-star fighting immortals, one late five-star fighting immortal, is it the Guardian of Judgment?" Xiao casually glanced at him and smiled lightly.

If he encountered these guys before swallowing the fire of immortality, I am afraid that he would be extremely difficult to deal with, but now that Xiao Yan is facing them, it is unknown who will win and who will lose.

"Xiao Yan, you have already been listed on the list of trial orders, don't make senseless resistance, accept the sanctions!" Yu Tianxuan stared at Xiao Yan and said word by word.

As an outstanding disciple in the Court of Adjudication, Yu Tianxuan's strength is even stronger than Yu Xiao, but he also knows that the strength of Sheng Yan's strength is appalling, so even if Xiao Yan's strength is weak, he does not take it lightly.

"In a hurry, let's go up together." Xiao Yan shook his head casually, his palms shook gently, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Heng suddenly pulled out from behind.

"Extremely arrogant!"

"When I wait for you to be captured, I will let you taste what life is better than death!" Dozens of adjudication guards were furious when they heard the words. The alliance of a mid-five-star fighting immortal powerhouse, even a late-stage five-star fighting immortal powerhouse would not dare to confront him head-on.

"There's a lot of nonsense!" Xiao Yan ignored these guys, and a trace of thunder appeared on his body. With the addition of the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on his palm, his figure turned into a ghost and shot at Yu Tianxuan.

"Thunder attribute?"

"How is that possible?" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions like this, Yu Tianxuan couldn't help but wonder, but for a moment he hesitated, his palms changed rapidly, and a dazzling cyan hurricane burst out around him.

Xiao Yan did not use the power of flame, but planned to use Xiao Lei's power to see if he could defeat these guys. Otherwise, if Xiao Yan in the current state used the power of flame, I am afraid that these people would not be able to get out of Xiao Yan's three moves. The fire attributes under the blessing of the four holy flames are more than eight times more powerful than ordinary flames.

"Thunder Snake!" Spreading his palm, he pushed Yu Tianxuan hard, the majestic force turned into a silver snake that was only a few dozen feet in size, and whistled away.

"The cyclone wall!"

"Kill me!" Seeing Xiao Yan's weak Thunder Snake, Yu Tianxuan sneered and slapped Xiao Yan with his palm, and the hundred-zhang blue hurricane blasted towards Xiao Yan with the power to destroy.

"Retreat... With this attack from the captain, this guy will definitely die." Seeing Yu Tianxuan's tyrannical attack, dozens of other guards of judgment burst back.

"What a dazzling wind attribute... It seems that I underestimated it."

"But I'm in a hurry, so I'm not interested in playing with you." Seeing this dangerous cyan hurricane, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. Although Xiao Lei's power is tyrannical, Xiao Yan has too few fighting skills, so his attack power is weak. , unable to cope with Yu Tianxuan.

"Fire!" The next moment, a gray flame filled Xiao Yan's body, and after a while, it was like a barren land, completely rendering the range of hundreds of meters.

"What kind of flame is this?" Seeing such mysterious fluctuations on Xiao Yan's body, the other powerhouses couldn't help but murmured.

"The Seventh Layer Breaking Sky Ruler!" He spoke softly, the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire on his palm was wrapped in flames, and he slashed hard at Yu Tianxuan.

"Boom!" Seven giant rulers of gray energy rushed out like poisonous snakes, and then easily penetrated the blue hurricane and attacked Yu Tianxuan.

"This is... Holy Flame Immortal Fire?"

"Impossible!" When the giant ruler of seven flames came to Yu Tianxuan, Yu Tianxuan's face was pale, and he finally understood something.

"Sir, save me!" With a cold snort, Yu Tianxuan did not hesitate, and crushed a piece of jade on the palm of his hand.

"Xuuuu." The jade was crushed, and an illusory figure appeared. With a wave of his hand, Xiao Yan's seven giant rulers completely dissipated.

"Is it the headmaster of the Court of Adjudication?" Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. Judging from this fluctuation, although it was just a soul clone, its strength was also at the level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

"The smell of immortal fire... You actually succeeded?" The old man looked at Xiao Yan in a dignified manner and asked in doubt.

"Forget it, it's time to go." Xiao Yan smiled lightly, and immediately above his body, three flames covered and ignited, like a real flame spirit.

"The head teacher of the Court of Adjudication, dare to touch my master's disciple?"

"Give me death!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to be captured by the illusory old man, a loud laugh resounded through the sky.

"Pfft!" With a sound, a black figure appeared, and with a single blow, he wiped out the illusory old man's soul avatar. Then, without any hesitation, he took Xiao Yan and disappeared here.

This so-called Soul Eater is at least eight-star in strength!

"Bastard... People from Soul Eater Realm..." Yu Tianxuan shook his head viciously at this scene of the old man.

He knew that the gray flame on Xiao Yan's body just now was an immortal flame. .

Xiao Yan, who was blessed by the four holy flames, plus the inexplicable relationship between Xiao Yan and Soul Eater...

This time, I'm afraid things will change.