Chapter 129: Crazy move!

This almost crazy thought made Xiao Yan shiver involuntarily, but no matter how he suppressed it, the thought still lingered in his heart. ...

Under the ineffectiveness of such expulsion, Xiao Yan unconsciously became fascinated by this idea, and muttered in his heart, since he was promoted to Dou Emperor, he has never done this...

On the opposite side, the three-winged unicorn shakes its huge tail slightly. Every time the giant tail swings, it will create a strong wind in the sky. What a terrifying force.

"Hehe, did you finally give up?" The three-winged unicorn's huge pupils glanced at Xiao Yan, who was silent across from him, and couldn't help laughing.

"It's better to give up, it will save you wasting energy.??" With a smile, the three-winged unicorn raised its arrogant head slightly and turned its head slightly, staring at the distant sky, and muttered in a low voice: "That woman, it must be Have you reached a safe place? My interception mission should end..."

Then he turned his head to look at Xiao Yan, and in the sound of laughter, there was some arrogant sarcasm: "You human boy is not bad among the human beings I have seen, and you will surpass me one day if you practice hard, but now If so..."

After speaking, the giant tail of the three-winged unicorn swayed slightly, its eyes fixed on Xiao Yan's every move, and its body slowly moved back. Obviously, cautiously, it was already looking for a way out. The human boy is the little girl's brother. If he shoots at him, when he goes back, the little girl will definitely not be able to eat and walk away when he finds out.

Xiao Yan's eyes were fixed on the three-winged unicorn that was gradually retreating, Xiao Yan's struggling thoughts finally settled down, his hands slowly stretched out, his slender and fair palms, like a woman, did not seem to have the any force.

"Hey, why, still won't give up? Although you have a strange flame, but looking at the flame, it is obviously missing something important, so it seems that you can't exert its power at all now!" When Xiao Yan moved, the moving body of the three-winged unicorn stopped immediately, its pupils stared at Xiao Yan, and sneered a little impatiently.

Hearing the words of the three-winged unicorn, Xiao Yan also frowned. Obviously, the eyes of the three-winged unicorn are also vicious. Since he came to Doudi Continent, his strange fire seems to be missing something, there is no such thing at all. It is very handy to use in Dou Qi Continent.

Then he hesitated for a while, his hands turned to the sky, placed flat in front of him, slightly silent, and above his left hand, milky white flames roared out.

The scorching temperature burned the space in front of it slightly distorted and illusory.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The left hand tightened slightly, the gloomy milky white flame quietly churned, releasing a fierce energy.

The huge three-winged unicorn stared at Xiao Yan mockingly with its pupils turned slightly, without the slightest nervousness. Although the flame had a certain restraint effect on him, for some reason, the human boy in front of him did not seem to be able to. It stimulates all the power that belongs to it, so the three-winged unicorn is not very afraid.

The ridicule in the pupils of the beast existed for a moment. On the left hand of Dang Xiao Yan, the milky white flame suddenly disintegrated into multiple flames and appeared in front of him. A very humane appearance appeared in the beast's pupil.

"Twenty-two flames? Damn, **** it! How is it possible? How can you have so many sources of flame in your body?" Feeling the twenty-two flames in front of you, the three-winged unicorn's beast pupils were sluggish. In an instant, as if being stepped on the tail, the huge body bowed, and the sharp voice resounded in the sky in annoyance.

Because with the eyesight of a three-winged unicorn, it was naturally felt when the original milky white flame in front of Xiao Yan decomposed into twenty-two kinds of flames!

The twenty-two kinds of flames decomposed by milky white flames, each flame has a completely different source power!

"It's unbelievable, you little human fellow... how can you have so many flames from heaven and earth!" The three-winged unicorn is also well-informed, feeling the terrifying high temperature of Xiao Yan's flames, and every flame The power contained in them is also different, but these flames are much weaker than the holy flames, so it boils down to the mysterious flames born between heaven and earth!

The three-winged unicorn stared at the space in front of Xiao Yan, and took a deep breath of cold air. His heart felt as if the river was overturned. With his knowledge, he had never heard of anyone who could have so many flames from heaven and earth at the same time!

You must know that even if it is not as good as the holy flame, the mysterious flames born between heaven and earth are domineering and extremely destructive. The two flames are as incompatible as old enemies. If the two flames exist in one person at the same time within the body.

It is estimated that there can only be one ending!

That is two extremely unstable bombs colliding with each other, and the final outcome, naturally, in the splendid explosion, destroy each other...

And the young man in front of him has twenty-two kinds in his body...

The three-winged unicorn doesn't know why Xiao Yan can have so many flames at the same time, but he clearly feels that at the moment when these flames appeared, the human boy in front of him and the flames were originally docile energy. Factor, suddenly became a lot more irritable.

Opposite Xiao Yan, the three-winged unicorn was still yelling angrily. Obviously, Xiao Yan was able to have so many realities at the same time, which made him a lot of blows.

Ignoring the three-winged unicorn that jumped around like a loach, Xiao Yan stared at the twenty-two different colored fires in front of him. The corners of his mouth twitched slightly.

After a while, he bit his teeth, and the terrifying soul power emerged. Then he carried twenty-two violent sources of strange fire in his hands, and slowly moved closer to the middle.

"Fuck, lunatic, lunatic! This guy is absolutely crazy!"

Looking at Xiao Yan's move in horror, the three-winged unicorn cursed loudly,

After scolding, the three-winged unicorn retreated for a distance, and then looked at Xiao Yan from a distance, obviously, the three-winged unicorn felt a wave that could destroy him!

Xiao Yan didn't have any hesitation, the three-winged unicorn in front of him was obviously the same group as the previous woman. If he could capture this three-winged unicorn, he would definitely be able to ask Qing Yuan's whereabouts, so he didn't hesitate. In his crazy thoughts, since he created the different fire fusion fighting skills when he was in the Dou Qi Continent, he has not been fused since his master Tuo She Gudi.

After all, Xiao Yi or Xiao Yan used the Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus, which was fused with twenty-two kinds of flames. Although the power is equally huge, which of the fusion flames were swallowed and refined by Xiao Yan. Factor, a little more tame, so the power is much smaller.

The fusion of the former is the power of the different fire after being domesticated by Xiao Yan, and the fusion of the power of the source of the different fire is two completely different concepts!

The former is the Buddha's wrathful fire lotus transformed by the fusion of gentle flames, while the latter is the fusion of the origin of different fires, which was the fusion of terrifying and violent factors at the beginning of its birth!

????

ask for a ticket