Chapter 255: Double 7 Star Fighting Ghost Emperor!

The battle in the sky is imminent!

The Jiuhun Monument exudes red flame energy, and Xiaoyue exudes a silver energy.

Yin Xie also seemed to have noticed that the two were attacking him with a very turbulent aura, his pupils shrank tightly, and the ghost energy all over his body also spun at a high speed!

"It's not advisable to stay here for a long time..."

"Let's get rid of them first, and wait until the evil yin is integrated..." Yin evil also has a plan, and then does not plan to fight hard, after all, he has just broken through the seal, just assimilated the woman, and his strength has not yet returned to its peak, so It is quite difficult to deal with two seven-star fighting emperors!

"Ghost painter!" Yin Xie shouted loudly, and did not wait for the two to shoot first, but made the first shot by himself!

As the evil spirits shouted down, the strange black energy in the entire sky suddenly condensed into a huge palm, whistling away towards Xiaoyue!

In the huge black palm, there is an amazing power, which makes the lips of everyone under the sky dry slightly.

Yinxie is also clear, although the Nine Souls Monument and Xiaoyue are both seven-star fighting emperors, there is no doubt that the Nine Souls Monument is more powerful, so it is also the first to attack Xiaoyue.

Xiaoyue didn't expect this evil evil to be so decisive. Seeing this terrifying giant hand attacking her, she didn't panic. The handprint was slightly knotted, and the space around her was squirming. The next moment, Xiaoyue suddenly Disappeared, and the terrifying giant hand also fluttered into the air.

The next moment, another space in the sky wiggled slightly, and Xiao Yue also appeared.

"The strength of this evil evil is even stronger." Although he had just avoided the attack of the evil evil with ease, Xiaoyue also knew that if it wasn't for her own special means of traveling through space, it would be quite difficult to deal with it, because The power contained in the black gas giant hand is very terrifying and strange!

"Pick me up!" Jiuhun Stele was not idle either. When Yinxie attacked Xiaoyue, the figure moved and came to Yinxie in an instant, and then a palm with terrifying power also attacked with a bang. On the evil body.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying fluctuations spread out in an instant, leading to circles of terrifying ripples, but although the attack of the Nine Soul Monument was powerful, the attack obviously fell on the ghost blood mist of the evil spirits, and did not cause too much damage to the evil spirits. big damage.

Yin Xie also looked a little bad after using the ghost energy in his body to take the blow of the Nine Souls Monument. Obviously, the blow of the Nine Souls Monument was not so easily resolved, and there were still some small forces that passed through him. The ghost qi and blood mist attacked the evil body.

"Susu!"

"Old ghost, you are courting death!" Yin Xie was obviously a little angry, but he didn't expect the attack of the Nine Soul Monument to be so powerful!

"go!"

Yin Xie was angry, and then an extremely dark chain also spread out from the black blood mist, whistling away at Xiaoyue!

"Qiangqiang!"

When the terrifying chains attacked her, a sword appeared out of thin air in Xiaoyue's hand, then her eyes closed slightly, and then suddenly opened again, suddenly the purple sword in her hand burst out with a monstrous breath, and in one fell swoop The evil chains of terror are blocked!

"Be careful, the strength of this evil spirit should not be underestimated." The Nine Soul Monument also said.

Then Xiaoyue also looked at the Nine Souls Monument. The Nine Souls Monument seemed to understand Xiaoyue's thoughts and nodded knowingly.

"This sinister method..."

"How is it so similar to the soul clan on Dou Qi Continent..." At this time, Xiao Yan was also surprised!

I have fought countless times with the Soul Clan on the Dou Qi Continent, and I am quite familiar with the methods of the Soul Clan, so I will definitely not go wrong!

"damn it!"

"There must be some connection between the ghosts in this ghost world and the soul clan..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then stared at the battle in the sky.

"Yinxie, I know your strength is good, but if that's the case, you can't escape the seal..." The Nine Soul Stele also snorted coldly.

"Humph!"

"Then try it!" Yin Xie also snorted coldly, and his momentum did not weaken at all, the black blood mist around his body became more intense, and an extremely dark chain constantly wandered around him.

"You are bloodthirsty, and you have already fallen into a place of doom. You can't escape today..." The Nine Souls Monument continued.

"Hehehe, you old man is really talking nonsense..." After Yin Xie finished speaking, his pupils shrank tightly, and the pitch-black chains around him attacked the Nine Soul Monument!

The dark chains carry extremely terrifying power, which contains the power of erosion. Jiuhunji and Xiaoyue both understand that once they are locked by these chains, the end will be extremely miserable.

"The strength of this evil evil is more than that..."

"He seems to be waiting for something." Chang Yu also said thoughtfully, but looking at the two seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses in the sky, Chang Yu did not intend to take action, after all, the two also deal with this evil. sufficient.

Moreover, Chang Yu also knew that this time things were definitely not that simple. The evil yin and the two ghosts in the Red Mountain Cold Pond had not yet appeared, so they had to be careful to hide them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Come on!" Mueller also discovered the battle in the sky, and immediately summoned the ghosts around him and the people from Red Valley to move forward here.

Mueller knew that the strength of the twin ghost emperors was more terrifying than the evil yin of Hanchi, so he also wanted to help the twin ghost emperors, first to show goodwill to the twin ghost emperors, and secondly to use the twin ghost emperors. The power to get rid of Xiao Yan!

Kill two birds with one stone!

"I don't know Xie Yin, where did Youquan and the others go..." Mueller was also puzzled, apparently they hadn't seen them since they entered the ghost town where the twin ghost emperors were sealed.

"A ghostly ghost?" Mueller was also on the move, and suddenly saw an illusory figure swerving away, and when he looked closely, it was a ghostly ghost!

This shocked MuellerAlthough Mueller is narrow-minded, he dare not offend this ghostly ghost, because whether it is the ghost or the ghost, they are the big reds around the twin ghost emperors , Mueller doesn't have the guts...

Moreover, the strength of the ghosts of the secluded spring and the ghost spirits is also very strong.

"Cough cough cough..."

"I'm fine, let's go meet up with Lord Yinxie first." The ghostly ghost coughed a few times. Obviously, the heavy hand under Youquan did not completely heal the wounds of the ghostly ghost.

"Let's go!" After he finished speaking, he also said humanely to the back.

The ghosts in the back also calmed down when they saw the ghosts and ghosts coming back. They should be very dissatisfied with Mueller's finger-pointing.

How could a human in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor be so weak to point fingers at them?

Although this human being has some indescribable relationship with some strong people in the ghost world, it does not mean that the ghost will be convinced!

It's just that the eyes of some of the strong men in Honggu are constantly communicating, as if they have some plans.

However, on the frontal battlefield, just when the evil evil launched an attack to attack the Nine Soul Monument, an extremely terrifying force suddenly emerged from Xiao Yue who had been staying in mid-air, and then an extremely loud voice echoed throughout the entire Infernal corpse forest.

"Blood Moon Kill - Break the Army!"

Ask for tickets!

I just finished subject two this morning, and I passed it!

So happy hahaha

Add more this weekend! ! !