Chapter Vol 4 2017: The husband and wife join forces, the king of 6 Yanzhen!

"Brother Xiao Yan, this guy is very strong." In the sky, in the **** of Senluo, the sea of ​​blood was surging. There was only the demon baby who was about to be born, the Blood King Mo and Xiao Yan. The two joined forces to temporarily shake the Blood King Mo back. Immediately, Xun'er's beautiful eyes were filled with solemnity.

"It's very strong, but now I can only rely on us..." Xiao Yan's eyes flickered slightly, just now, with the blessing of the fighting spirit, the dragon **** transformation, and the ancient ruler as a means of defense and attack, all these things could not stop the blood king Mo. A simple blow, but this guy has a very strange sense of weakness.

The powerhouse of the evil clan from the Wang Rank Domain with the perfection level of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal is so terrifying!

"Little beast, it's bad for me!" Seeing Xiao Yan and his wife appearing, but the child of light disappeared, the blood king Mo was furious for a while, but the extremely sacred fire of holy flame on both of them made him unable to Don't get serious.

The self-destruction of the evil tool caused a lot of damage to him, and now facing the two masters of the holy flame, even he couldn't help but feel heartbroken.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I will attack, you will help me." After a while, Xun'er was surrounded by golden light, and a terrifying temperature actually made Blood King Mo feel the slightest fear.

"This..." Xiao Yan couldn't help rolling his eyes when he heard the words, the head of his dignified family would actually hide behind his wife...

"That's not what I meant, this guy is too strong, my strength can resist him very well, and I'm worried about Xiao Yan's brother..." Seeing Xiao Yan sinking into thought, Xun'er hurriedly explained with a blushing face, for fear of Xiao Yan Yan will misunderstand his meaning.

Obviously, even Xun'er, who usually treats everything indifferently, has lost his sense in front of Xiao Yan, after all, this is the person he loves.

"Okay." Xiao Yan smiled lightly, and immediately the amber rock soul fire and soul power in his body constantly interacted, making a feint for Xun'er.

"The two holy flame controllers, since you are bad for me, then I will send you to hell!"

"Let you be a pair of desperate mandarin ducks in hell!" The blood king Mo Tong was full of blood, and said with a supreme attitude of contempt for all living beings.

"The tone is not small, then let's see if you have the ability!"

"The fire of the Golden Crow!" Xun'er snorted coldly, the icy killing intent and the sacred golden flame all around him intersected, like a lark swinging freely in Senluo Hell, every wriggling would bring endless sacred fire , cleansed of endless evil.

The blood king Mo, who was as tyrannical as the eight-star fighting fairy, was also injured because of this, causing him to be pinned down by Xun'er.

In the endless Senluo hell, a gloomy aura rose into the sky, two sharp figures kept attacking, and one after another terrifying energy ripples spread everywhere, but Xiao Yan sat quietly on top of the void, a wave of terrifying fluctuations, is flowing out of its body.

The entire Senluo **** area is vast, and with the evil castle in the center and the battle between the two powerhouses in the sky, the depressing atmosphere has a very different impact.

"The blood of the ancients!"

"Ancient ethnic pattern!"

"Holy Flame!" A soft voice sounded, and Xun'er's body was immediately covered with layers of golden holy clothes that protected every inch of her skin, as invincible as an ancient goddess of war.

"Damn it..." After fighting for a moment, the blood king Mo also noticed a little bit of something wrong, and immediately had the intention of retreating.

This Gu Xun'er is really a freak. With the blood of the ancient clan, the increase of clan marks and holy flames, it is indistinguishable from the injured self. After weighing, for the smooth arrival of the devil baby, the blood king Mo is also indistinguishable. Only shook his head secretly.

"Let you all feel the song from hell."

"Shadows of all beings!" Looking at the appearance of Xiao Yan and Xun'er in the arena, an evil and charming black token slowly trembled in the hands of the Blood King Mo.

"Crack!" With a sound, countless evil qi squirmed like a dark evil pattern, and flew out everywhere, and a door of space emerged.

"Kill them for me!" A roar rushed towards the gate of space, and the blood king Mo couldn't help laughing.

In this ancient prison, in this space, everything is in the palm of his hand, even if these two are unable to fly today.

"..." In the gate of space, there was no creature, and no movement sounded.

"How is that possible?" In an instant, the Gorefiend's body shook suddenly, almost falling from the sky.

Since he was promoted to the king rank and obtained the evil gear, the evil gear has been bound to his origin. Once the evil gear is damaged, he will be severely injured.

The self-destructing evil gear was designed to obliterate the Son of Light, but the Son of Light was rescued by two holy flame controllers. These two guys had too much holy flame aura, and they were already seriously injured. The ship capsized in the gutter, and the gate of space was a one-way passage to the evil powerhouses of the ancient prison, enough to summon all their subordinates.

But now this scene has far exceeded his expectations. It seems that Xiao Yan and the two came well prepared.

"Blood King Mo, your sins are extremely heinous, and you can do it on the spot today." Just when Blood King Mo was shocked, a ripple of energy, like an invisible giant net of amber, slowly entangled the entire Senluo hell!

That is the power of the formation, and even in order to prevent the blood king Mo from running away, Xiao Yan injected many powers such as holy flame and soul power.

"What kind of power is this?"

"There is holy flame, soul power, and even a touch of unknown power that is extremely rare?" Xun'er gently came to Xiao Yan's side, her breath fluctuated one after another, and she looked at the amber-colored giant net around her and muttered slowly. .

"Xun'er, join hands with me, use the source of holy flame, and suppress him together." After a while, Xiao Yan elegantly stretched out his palm towards Qianying beside him, and said hurriedly.

"Do you think you can seal and suppress me with this little power?"

"It's ridiculous!" Seeing that the amber-colored giant net was filled with three strange powers, the Blood King Mo froze in the sky and sneered.

"Indeed... If it is the peak period of the dignified and powerful kings of the evil clan from outside the realm, the two of us now have only a share of fall."

"But if it is a seriously injured king rank, relying on six holy flames, I don't know if..." Xiao Yan and Xun'er clenched their palms tightly, and immediately said in unison.

"Six Sacred Flames?" Listening to Xiao Yan's words, the Blood King Mo's expression finally became solemn.

"The thirty-fifth of the Holy Flame List, Huoxin Tianyan!"

"The twenty-fourth on the holy flame list, ghost face ghost flame!"

"The eighteenth on the holy flame list, the immortal holy flame!"

"No. 17 on the Holy Flame List, Immortal Fire!"

"No. 15 on the Holy Flame List, Acacia Heartbroken!" With a cold snort, the holy flames of each of the five colors were directly separated from Xiao Yan's five-color new-born amber rock soul fire each entrenched in The sky shows the supreme splendid holy power!

"Five... five holy flames coexisting as one?" Looking at the things entrenched on Xiao Yan's body, the blood king Mo's pupils suddenly shrank, the source of evil energy in his body beating wildly, and a breath of death and destruction slowly lingered out.

To suppress and seal the evil clan outside the realm, the only way to use the most primitive power of the holy flame to integrate the holy flame is inferior at this time. Fortunately, Xiao Yan can easily decompose it.

"And I!"

"The eighth on the Holy Flame Ranking, the Nine Mysteries Chongmingyan!" Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying figure, Xun'er smiled lightly, a golden flame turned into a golden crow, and went towards Xiao Yan.

"The King of Six Flames, the ordeal of the ancient prison will end here." Xiao Yan's figure skyrocketed, and endless holy light emanated from the six holy flames. The divine aura is constantly released, compared to Xiao Yan holding the ancient ruler, the dazzling holy pattern makes the blood king Mo unable to move, and the 90,000 array patterns formed by the soul power, the holy flame power and the spiritual power will all retreat from the blood king ink. , completely blocked!

At this moment, the corners of Blood King Mo's eyes were extremely heavy, and it was a fool's dream to use his severely injured body to resist the power of the six holy flames.

Obviously this time, the Blood King Mo is probably doomed.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: