Chapter 174: Announcement of 5th class talent!

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also remembered that today was the day when the fifth-class talent was announced, and it was also the day when the rules of the selection competition were announced. He immediately followed Mu Feng and walked towards the square.

As soon as he arrived at the square, Xiao Yan found that the crowd was so crowded that there was no way to leak out. There was an extra attic above the square. Although it was not a luxury, it was obviously just built at midnight. It should be for the announcement of the fifth Wait for talent and tryout rules.

"The fifth-level talent will be announced soon, and I don't know how many talents I can rate..."

"I heard that the first-class talent is the worst, and the fifth-class talent is the strongest. It is rumored that if it can be evaluated as a fifth-class talent, then one foot has already stepped into the door of these nine super sects."

"After all, I heard that there are very few people who can be rated as the fifth-class talent in each of these strongholds..."

"I'll be satisfied as long as I can be rated as a second-class talent..." Whispering continued to come from the surroundings.

"Xiao Yan, here!" Just as Xiao Yan and Mu Feng hurriedly found a place to watch, Yue Ru's voice also entered Xiao Yan's ears.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan and Mu Feng also leaned towards where Yueru was.

"Why didn't I go to find you at noon, I thought you were here first..." Yueru also said, with a little bit of grievance in her words.

"I'm sorry, Uncle Wu asked me for something, and it's over. We're only here now." Mu Feng also looked at Yue Ru with gleaming eyes, and Xiao Yan covered his mouth just as he was about to speak.

From Yueru's words, Xiao Yan also knew that Yueru still didn't know about his disappearance last night, and it was Wu Shishu who had concealed it.

Xiao Yan immediately let go of Mu Feng and winked hard at him. Mu Feng also understood, smiled at Yue Ru, and said, "Hello, Miss Yue, I'm Xiao Yan's friend, nice to meet you." After speaking, he stretched out a hand towards Yueru.

Yueru's eyes moved slightly, and then her jade hand was hesitant. She was obviously surprised by the aura on Mu Feng, who was wearing a Taoist robe, but she was Xiao Yan's friend after all. Out of courtesy, she also stretched out her jade hand and said lightly: "Hello, I'm Yueru."

The two shook hands gently and then let go. Xiao Yan also found that Yueru seemed to be very enthusiastic to herself, and then was terrifyingly cold to others. Then she didn't want to worry about these troublesome things, and waited until she joined. After the sect, it may gradually fade away.

The breath on Yueru's body is as pure as the bright moon, and Mu Feng's body has been dealing with ghosts all the year round, and it is difficult to destroy the eerie and eerie aura of some ghosts. It is no wonder that Yueru feels strange.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The three had a brief exchange, and then looked at the tall building in the square in unison.

"Be quiet, we're going to announce the fifth-class talent." An old man is now on a tall building, holding a few jade slips in his hand and slowly opening his mouth.

The old man's voice seemed weak, but because of the grudge in it, the loud voice spread all over the square.

When the old man's voice spread out on the square, the originally buzzing square also became silent in an instant, one after another with nervousness, and looking forward to the high-rise buildings above the square.

They know that the jade slip in this old man's hand will determine their treatment and even tomorrow's selection!

These newcomers on the square also know when they are quiet. In the past, they were all proud of the heavens in their respective cities or places, but now that these people are gathered here, their previous advantages will be gone!

Some of the pride in the past is not inferior, and the problems of the eldest young master and the little princess have to be restrained. After all, Xuan Sansan is a place where a crouching tiger hides a dragon. Plate up!

Young eagles need a lot of training if they want to spread their wings and fly high. They used to be high-ranking family sons and princesses, and their own problems are mixed, but coming to Xuantian can change these problems!

This is also the reason why Xuantian San is so popular with some large and small forces on the Xuanling Continent.

Here, they finally came to the outskirts of Xuantian after a long reception, passed the talent test, and then participated in the subsequent trials to determine their ranking and rewards for joining the super sect!

Everyone present understood that from the moment this talent was announced, their fate was also in their own hands. Maybe they were the proud sons of the earth before, but now, their talent, their past Compared with before, the status will plummet, from now on, everything can only rely on oneself!

If you want to join the nine super sects of Xuantian Santian to learn more advanced fighting skills, you must go through many selections!

In the place of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Xuantian San, the competition will be fiercer than ever before. They can only rely on themselves, and strive to improve their strength, so as to win the recognition of others and more huge resources. !

And the beginning of all this is the division of talent.

Undoubtedly, the fifth-level talent is divided, the first-level is the lowest, and the fifth-level is the highest, but it does not mean that the achievements of the first-level talents will be low, and the fifth-level talents will have high achievements in the future.

But there is no doubt that those who can win at the first starting line are undoubtedly a lot ahead.

Seeing that the square was quiet, the old man above the high-rise building with thousands of eyes also slightly opened the jade slip, and then said: "This time we have a total of 1,000 people tested at the Hongshan stronghold, and two of them 500 other talents, 300 third-class talents, 100 fourth-class talents..."

"And the fifth-class talent..."

"Nine people in total!"

There was a sudden silence on the square of with these words.

There are thousands of people in this stronghold. These thousands of people are all the proud people from all over the world. Among the last thousands of people, there are only nine people who are rated as fifth-class talented newcomers. This is enough to see The gold content of these fifth-class talents is really high...

Hearing this, Xiao Yan didn't pay too much attention. When he tested his soul power at the tenth level, it was extremely rare in these three days. Therefore, in Xiao Yan's opinion, it should not be a problem for him to be rated as a fifth-class talent rookie. Big.

"Nine people..."

"I don't know where the other eight people are from..." Mu Feng also whispered, but he obviously felt a slight pressure from Xiao Yan. You know, Mu Feng However, the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor in the early stage, coupled with the magic of Yin-Yang gossip, is not something to be afraid of against the powerhouse in the later stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor. There are only two reasons for him to feel this way.

One is that Xiao Yan's strength is stronger than him, and the other is that there is something in Xiao Yan that can threaten him.

Although Xiao Yan's strength is not weak, but according to Mu Feng's careful feeling, he is also the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor. Although he is only one step away from the four-star Dou Emperor, he is only a three-star Dou Emperor.

Then there is only one reason. There must be something powerful in this Xiao Yan, which makes Mu Feng quite jealous!

Ask for a ticket~