Chapter 165: Prepare to devour the first medicinal herb of Holy Flame!

"You actually recognize these herbs?" The old man also frowned.

"Not only do I know it, but I also want to buy it."

"Old gentleman." Xiao Yan also respectfully said, after all, although the old man in front of him looked rather lazy, an invisible wave emanated from his body, and his strength was obviously extremely tyrannical.

"I've been here for so many days, and finally I met a boy with good eyesight who can actually recognize my medicinal herbs." The old man also laughed.

Many precious medicinal materials and unparalleled treasures are never known and thus become ashes all their lives, so from this, it can be seen that having a huge knowledge is naturally an experience.

"Xiao Yan still remembers that his master Jinlong King said that he possessed a holy flame in these Xuan three days, and according to his master's words, this holy flame is the most suitable for him to absorb and devour now, but the power of holy flame It’s too violent and ferocious, so it’s like swallowing a strange fire, and you must be fully prepared.”

"Seven Flame Flowers, Xu Shengdan, Blood Spirit Ice Liquid."

"The three necessities can also greatly weaken the power of the holy flame. Although it can only bring a little help to the swallowing, it may be such a weak chance of success that the swallowing will succeed in the end!"

"Three necessities, Xiao Yan has not encountered any of them so far."

"As far as Qiyan Flower is concerned, this medicine looks like a flower. There are seven colors on the flower, and each color represents a kind of flame, which can greatly weaken the holy flame when Xiao Yan devours it. The power of flame is born from seven different flame places, although the flame is not as powerful as the different fire, but the probability of the seven flames gathering place is too rare, its preciousness is self-evident."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Looking at Xu Shengdan, when Xiao Yan devoured holy flame, he could give Xiao Yan a steady stream of huge fighting qi power as his back. After all, the process of swallowing is either Xiao Yan swallowing holy flame or holy flame swallowing himself. To be careful is to fail..."

"However, the rank of this medicinal pill is not low, and it is a medicinal pill of the second grade of the emperor rank. The reason is that Xiao Yan is now only a pharmacist at the peak of the first rank of the emperor rank. The first rank is divided into three levels of heaven and earth, and there is nothing that can be done, but now I can only collect the medicinal materials for refining Xu Shengdan first, and make plans in the future."

"As for the last blood spirit ice liquid, Xiao Yan has never even heard of it."

"Xiao Yan devoured the strange fire on the Dou Qi Continent and knew that although these procedures were troublesome, they could increase his chances of success. He immediately understood the importance of preparing these things, so he had to take them seriously."

"So it's better to prepare these things in advance, otherwise even if the rare holy flames are found, the Golden Dragon King of his master will definitely not swallow them up for himself, and Xiao Yan can't even think about the taste that he can't eat at that time. ..." Thinking of this in my heart, I squatted down and looked carefully at the booth in front of me.

"Which herb are you going to buy, little friend?" The old man also watched Xiao Yan think carefully in front of his booth, and then said softly, after all, the herbs in front of him are very rare, since this kid can recognize The names of these herbs, then the old man is not worried that he will not have the ability to buy them.

"There are not many medicinal materials needed to make Xushengdan, only three kinds."

"They are Snow Soul Ganoderma Lucidum, Ling Ziyan, and Yin Devil Fruit!" Xiao Yan's mind reverberated with those medicinal herbs, and then his pupils shrank tightly, and then in front of a pile of purple mud-like things in front of the old man Look carefully.

"Old gentleman, how do you sell this thing?" Xiao Yan also saw that this was going to be purple-like soil, and the purple was tinged with yellow, as if revealing spiritual energy.

"Hey, the origin of this thing is extraordinary. I heard that this is a necessary medicinal material for some top-level emperor-rank medicine pills. Although I don't know its value, it can protect two emperor-rank fourth-rank monsters. The dirt is extraordinary."

"so……"

"My requirements are not too high, just any pill of the emperor rank and the first rank of the earth rank." The old man also said like a cunning old man.

"Tsk tsk tsk, Xiao Yan was also taken aback by this old man's handwriting." After a little thought, Xiao Yan also thought about it.

"Old gentleman, this seems to be a bit of a lion's mouth. Although there are two emperor-rank and fourth-grade monsters guarding him, he can deal with it with the strength of the old gentleman." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"Looking at the old gentleman's face, it seems that there are toxins left in the body. I have a "Void Transformation Pill" here. Although this pill is only a first-grade emperor rank, it can help the old gentleman get rid of the toxins in the body, although it can't be done. It is completely eliminated, but most of it can still be eliminated." Xiao Yan also laughed.

Naturally, the "Void Transformation Pill" was not refined by Xiao Yan, but was obtained by chance in the ruins before. After all, Xiao Yan only has one Emperor-rank transformation pill in his hand, and it can only be used by monsters, so Xiao Yan has It was quite poor at the time.

"Well then, how about I'm adding a medicinal herb to you?" The old man also looked at Xiao Yan with a smirk and was obviously shocked by Xiao Yan's words. He could recognize him just by looking at him. The discomfort of the body, the toxins in my body, but no one knows about it except myself.

So I had to re-evaluate the boy in front of me.

"Oh, what kind of medicinal materials?" Xiao Yan heard that and said with interest. Although the medicinal materials in front of the old man were rare, all Xiao Yan needed was this spiritual purple rock, so he asked.

"That thing is also what I spent a lot of effort to get it If it wasn't for your medicine, I wouldn't give it to you." The old man also said.

"Wait for me, that thing is on the third floor, wait here for me, and I'll take it down." After speaking, the old man got up and walked towards the third floor.

"Sir, let me go with you." Xiao Yan also said.

"Oh." Now it was the old man's turn to be surprised. On the third floor, only the four-star Dou Emperor powerhouse and the emperor-rank alchemist could enter. This kid's strength did not reach the four-star Dou Emperor, so there was only one result...

Emperor-level pharmacist!

This is very powerful!

After all, some of the disciples of the huge family will have some emperor-level medicinal pills for cultivation, but having emperor-rank medicinal pills can only show that there is a strong force behind them, but it is different from emperor-rank alchemists. This is a sky and an underground.

The attractiveness of the alchemist of the imperial rank is huge!

Ordinary pharmacists who can refine emperor-level medicinal pills are enough to make a one-star Dou Emperor strong enough to be driven by it, and an alchemist who can refine an emperor-level first-rank Xuan level is enough to make a two-star Dou Emperor strong enough to be driven by it. The alchemist who can refine the first-grade emperor rank is enough to make the powerhouse of the three-star Dou Emperor willing to drive him, and the alchemist who can refine the first-grade emperor rank is enough to make the powerhouse of the three-star Dou Emperor willing to drive him!

With the eyesight of the old man, it is not difficult to discover Xiao Yan's strength and age, such a young pharmacist is quite rare.

Ask for recommended collections!

There is one more today!