Chapter Vol 4 2090: Semi-Forbidden Technique vs Dominant Body! (Down)

"Weng Om!" Countless filaments of light converged into a dazzling rainbow, sloping from the nine heavens, containing supreme divine power, making many experts who were refining medicine in the medicine valley at this time restless, and their hearts were disturbed. Trembling violently, as if it would be overwhelmed by this power at any time, the scalp was numb, the sensory stimulation was unprecedentedly strong, and it was very close to death.

At this moment, they just realized how small they are, and a sense of pale powerlessness swept their bodies!

"It's all thanks to you!" Yan Xuan said with a frantic smile, a milky white halo appeared on his body, and immediately the entire body was burned with light threads, brown flames, soul power, and even Dou Qi all emerged together, vented without reservation, and then poured into the forbidden technique Hongxia in front of him, trying to completely descend the forbidden technique here and kill Xiao Yan!

The display of the forbidden technique requires at least the strength of the eight-star fighting immortal. With his seven-star fighting immortal strength, he naturally cannot fully display it. Now the guidance of the semi-forbidden technique has drained all his strength!

This guy is obviously going to kill Xiao Yan with this one blow!

Now that the guidance of the semi-forbidden technique is completed, once the remaining power is condensed, this destructive attack is enough to shatter Xiao Yan's body, and when he collects his soul source and holy flame, it will be enough to cover his loss.

"Puchi!" After the countless rays of light were injected with the power of Yan Xuan, they became more and more inflated. They gently covered the entire Linggu sky, blocked them, and greedily sucked countless heaven and earth energies, like a cosmic river of light. Shine on the whole earth and purify all evils in the world!

Under this kind of divine might, it seemed that all resistance had become trivial. In addition, Xiahong in the river of light was still rolling, and an irresistible emotion slanted down from it.

Endless sadness, pain, and low-pitched crying have transformed this place into a real paradise of gods. Everyone who participated in the grand ceremony to refine the medicinal pills seemed to have forgotten their own situation.

"It's actually a forbidden technique, no wonder you can be so fearless." Xiao Yan looked at Yan Xuan's crazy movements and the divine power contained in the Guanghe universe above the sky, but he didn't have any fear, but couldn't help laughing. road.

The attack just now was just Xiao Yan's warm-up. With the use of his forbidden technique now, the blood in Xiao Yan's body that had been silent for a long time was scorching hot!

The power of the forbidden technique is enough to endanger Xiao Yan's life, making Xiao Yan really take it seriously, but there is a completely different power in Xiao Yan's body, like a reviving dragon awakening!

The power of the devil, the fighting spirit is surging, and it is extremely awe-inspiring!

"Let me see, whether it is your semi-finished product's forbidden technique that is powerful, or my semi-finished product's dominant body!"

"Dragon God's first change, second change..."

"Half-dragon transformation, the body of dominance!"

"Under the Soul Shadow!" In the face of Yan Xuan's attack of this level, Xiao Yan did not take any step back, and directly stopped the demon's power. With the addition of the scales of Baxia, Baxia's huge body is condensed behind him in the form of energy soul shadows.

The mere half-finished forbidden technique is far from being able to compete with the power of the devil.

"Boom!" At the same time, the entire sky shook violently, and the Guanghe universe became more and more splendid, as if a river gate would be opened at any time, the supreme divine might Hongxia would be tilted down, and Xiao Yan would be finally judged!

"This lunatic!"

"Definitely a lunatic!" At this moment, the outside world of the altar mountain was boiling.

The leaders of countless forces suddenly stood up from their seats, their eyes narrowed tightly, and they stared at the figures of Yan Xuan and Xiao Yan on the crystal prism.

These two people, there is no doubt that they are veritable lunatics!

One person used the forbidden technique to try to kill the opponent, while the other wanted to resist the forbidden technique with the strength of a mortal?

"Good guy!" At this moment, some powerhouses couldn't help but secretly cast their respectful gazes at Ancestor Yanyun.

In order to ensure Yan Xuan's foolproofness, this guy actually gave him all the forbidden scrolls?

This is too frustrating, isn't it?

"Patriarch, I'm afraid we need to come forward in this matter..." Yao Xuanyi lost her composure for a while, and could only keep her eyes on Yao Wan, Xiao Yan and Yan Xuan were equally talented, he didn't want to be in the What went wrong in the test.

"This kid is probably trying to resist the ban."

"It's business as usual, otherwise there are so many people here, it's hard to convince the public." Yao Wan Wan could only say coldly in order to maintain the rules of the Yao clan, but this guy also had some expectations.

He is very aware of the power of the semi-finished product's forbidden art, even if he is a little palpitated, but looking at Xiao Yan's arrogant posture, he is also curious, whether Xiao Yan can take it?

If he can take over this half-finished forbidden technique, I am afraid that just this one, Xiao Yan's name will completely resound throughout the entire Douyun Continent!

"I would like to thank Yao Patriarch for the beauty of being an adult. When we go back this time, our Yan Clan Patriarch will definitely come to visit." With Yao Wan's reassurance pill, the smile on Yan Yun Patriarch's face can no longer be contained, as long as Yao Wan If Yuan doesn't make a move, other powerhouses naturally don't need to worry.

In the grand ceremony competition, life and death are determined by destiny, and no one is allowed. This is the eternal rule of the medicine family.

"I hope." Facing the ridicule of Yanyun's ancestor, Xun'er shook his head lightly, and didn't say much, but his slender hands were dragging his fragrant cheeks, and there was a rare aura above his beautiful eyes. Sen Ran, it turned out that some old men in the late stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian could smell a strong oppression.

"Yan Xuan, let's do it!"

"I also really want to see the power of the forbidden technique, how powerful it is." The blue dragon scales covered half of Xiao Yan's body, as invincible as a **** of war. The majestic mountains stood behind him, stepping lightly on the void, and said to the dying Yan Xuan.

"Good good!"

"Then I will let you taste, what is the most powerful force in the world!"

"Forbidden art, come!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, Yan Xuan exhausted his last bit of strength and slapped it with both hands, completely detonating the forbidden art. It's all his trust!

"Forbidden Art!" Yan Xuan's voice just fell, and the entire universe of the Supreme Light River was beating violently like a heart. Countless rainbows in the River of Light turned into surging waves, staring at Xiao Yan.

"Kacha!" In the universe of Guanghe, a faint void suddenly appeared, and immediately countless rainbows slanted down from the gap. The dazzling aura of light completely enveloped the entire medicine valley, causing countless people to sting their eyes and unable to open their eyes.

"Tear it!" Before the attack came, Xiao Yan only felt that the giant tortoise-shaped ghost shadow behind him exuded a heaven-shattering aura. Obviously, it had blocked some of the power, but Xiao Yan was still able to escape from this. Under the forbidden technique of the semi-finished product, I felt a wave of death.

The name of the forbidden technique is well deserved!

Countless monstrous waves rolled, flapping and surging all over Xiao Yan and completely surrounded Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan was like a bird that fell into the abyss. No matter how hard he struggled, it was useless. Even the communication between himself and the surrounding energy was also Completely interrupted, I can only wait quietly, waiting for the trial, waiting for the cold death ruling!

"Is this the so-called forbidden technique?" Xiao Yan sucked in a breath of cold air, and then roared in a loud voice, with a hint of unruly arrogance in his voice!

"Die, Xiao Yan!" Yan Xuan looked extremely wild and sneered.

Under the ban, no one can survive!

"Heaven's sad rainbow...Tianhong light!" A light voice emerged Immediately, countless rainbows gathered together to form an incomparably bright white palace, shattering the void, annihilating all elemental forces, and suddenly facing each other Xiao Yan was chilled and left!

The pure white palace contains the unique and terrifying power of forbidden arts. Once drawn into it, I am afraid that even if Xiao Yan is immortal, it will be a mortal situation!

"I don't believe that your mere half-finished forbidden technique can kill me!"

"The body of the tyrant!"

"Boom!!!" Xiao Yan used all his strength, without reservation, the dazzling dragon blood was rendered on top of Baxia's soul shadow, layers of endless cyan lava roared violently, fists covered by Baxia's scales Holding it up, with a strong blow, it greeted the Holy Heavenly Palace.

That blow contained Xiao Yan's strongest power against the Dragon God Transformation and the Scale of Domination. It seemed like a simple blow, but it seemed like he could pierce through the sky with a single blow!

At this moment, countless people held their breath and stared blankly at the two people who were in the world-shattering battle in the medicine valley, and their hearts could not calm down for a long time.