Chapter 502: Holy Rank Fighting Technique - Thunder of the Sky

"A thousand-faced ghost!"

"Take me a move!" Zhu Jin shouted angrily, not at all surprised that this thousand-faced ghost had destroyed his minefield formation.

Because Zhu Jin knows that the strength and identity of this thousand-faced ghost are extremely mysterious, and it can be regarded as a strange and mysterious person in the ghost world. too surprised.

However, Zhu Jin could feel that at this moment, the thousand-faced ghostly figure spread out into the black air, and a huge force emerged in an instant, and the thunder domain was broken in an instant, and I saw an extremely bright beam in the sky. strength and a black air.

"Such fluctuations, holy rank fighting skills?" Under the desert, Na Dong suddenly drank, then took a deep breath of cold air, and a sense of fear emerged spontaneously!

The power of immortal-level fighting skills, if there is no defense, I am afraid that one blow is enough to kill, this holy-level fighting skills are even more terrifying!

It has already surpassed the category of Immortal Rank, and it is a big killer move in the true sense!

Since this kind of holy rank fighting skill is too rare, Nu Dong does not know its specific power, but one thing is certain, once the holy rank fighting skill is shown, no one can match!

"Damn bastard!"

"What the **** did this soul clan do!" Nu Dong shouted angrily, forcibly suppressing the anger in his heart, his breath was soaring, ready to get rid of Shefu.

"Nudong, you leaked the shocking secrets of my Medusa family, and you colluded with the ghost world and the Xuanling royal family. This time, I'm afraid you will be spared the death penalty." , as for

"Give up resistance." Several of the subordinates who followed Nu Dong had already been captured by the eight leaders. After all, the leaders of the nine Medusa tribes should not be underestimated.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The trend has gone..."

"I knew I shouldn't have listened to the words of this ghost world person, sigh..." Nu Dong shook his head, and then said in a mournful voice.

"Go back!" The next moment, just when Shefu was about to take hold of Nu Dong, two extremely terrifying energies suddenly rioted in the sky, and a sense of unease appeared in everyone's heart.

"It's been a long time since I did my best." Zhu Jin slowly raised his palm, a silvery white light appeared on the palm, and then an ancient aura from the ancient past appeared on the palm.

"What kind of power is this..." The Thousand-faced Ghost on the other side, who had just cracked Zhujin's Thunder Field Array and was about to flee, discovered Zhujin's terrifying fighting skills, and immediately hesitated.

"Holy fighting skills... it should be considered a good piece of information."

"I want to try and see how powerful this holy-level fighting skill is. When the time comes, I will go back to the ghost realm and sell this information to the ghosts who want to attack Xuan Santian. I'm afraid I can get what I want." Qianmian On top of the ghostly dark figure, dark black qi constantly emerged, squirming on its body, like a very gloomy ghost qi!

"This thousand-faced ghost is actually so arrogant, or does he have his credentials?" Zhu Jin hesitated for a moment, and then swept away his worries!

Because Zhu Jin has self-confidence, he can definitely inflict heavy damage on this thousand-year-old ghost with his holy fighting skills!

"Ghost energy!"

"Come!" A gloomy voice resounded through the sky.

"Boom boom boom!" With the order of the Thousand Faces Ghost, the trace of pure black energy on the ghost's face that had been consumed by the Thunder Field Array suddenly emerged from his body!

Then it appeared directly in front of the Thousand-faced Ghost and quickly condensed, and that appearance instantly merged into an extremely rounded black bead. Above the bead, an extremely eerie and eerie aura suddenly emanated.

"Holy Rank Fighting Skill: Thunder Falling to the Sky!" An angry roar resounded through the sky!

With a loud shout, above the sky, the sky changed dramatically, changing in an instant, and thunderclouds suddenly appeared above Zhu Jin's head!

The color of the thundercloud is quite strange, it is a color close to silver-white, but the thunder that emerges from the thundercloud is pitch black!

But it was this silver-white thundercloud that made Thousand Faced Ghosts feel a sense of unease!

"Get up!" As soon as the voice fell, Zhu Jin raised the palm wrapped in silver-white mysterious power high above his head.

"Shabu!" A flash of thunder suddenly dispatched, and then slapped directly on the desert on the ground!

"Boom boom boom!" Immediately, a huge pit of several hundred meters appeared out of thin air!

"Damn, this thunderbolt is not at the same level as the thunder field array just now... It actually makes me feel scared. This holy-level fighting skill really lives up to its reputation!"

"If I am given enough power, I will be left here today..." Thousand-faced ghost stared at the strange looking Zhu Jin in front of him. Although he didn't know what the **** he wanted to do, there was something The ghostly face knows that the power of this holy rank fighting skill should not be underestimated!

"Lei Ju!" Zhu Jin shouted loudly, and then the thunder cloud above his head suddenly appeared a very bright black thunder, and then directly with the aura of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, it suddenly whistled towards Zhu Jin's palm. go!

"Shabu!" The black thunder was just injected into ZhuJin's palm, and the original silver-white light of ZhuJin's palm was instantly dyed with a trace of black power!

"Not enough!" Zhu Jin shouted loudly, and then more and more black thunder continued to pour into his palm.

"The power of life and death of black and white, the domineering power of Thunder... If this Zhu Jin's holy rank fighting skills, if there is no good defense, I am afraid that it can kill me in an instant..." Thousand Faced Ghost Muttered.

"Plop The next moment, the Thousand-faced Ghost also felt a sense of fear from the black and white terrifying fluctuations on ZhuJin's palm, and immediately did not hesitate. He opened his mouth and swallowed the black beads hanging in front of him!

Just as the black beads were swallowed, a black mist suddenly emanated from his body. In a short period of time, a range of tens of meters emerged!

Wherever the black fog goes, the space is swallowed up!

"Susu... Saint-level fighting skills are indeed well-deserved."

"But I can't let you go on like this, otherwise this power will threaten me." Thousand Faced Ghost snorted coldly.

"Five soul piercing thorns!" A strange smile suddenly emerged from the black mist, and then, in the black mist, five dark chains burst out!

"Choke choke!"

Above the chain, there is a monstrous black energy mixed with the sky, and the sword's edge is the best weapon for killing!

"Go!" Amidst the black fog, terrifying ghost auras were attached to the chains, and then the speed exploded, attacking the bamboo embers that were constantly absorbing the power of thunder!

This soul-piercing thorn has the same origin as the one that attacked Zhujin just now, but it was three souls before, but now it is five souls!

The five chains are constantly changing, rushing away to the strange ghost!

"Holy rank fighting skills, isn't it that your soul piercing thorn can compare to you!" A proud voice sounded from Zhu Jin's mouth under the thunder cloud in the sky.

Ask for tickets!