Chapter Vol 4 969: Destruction, death vengeance!

"The wolf head is dead?" Another eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, Wolf Dragon, who was resting in the same place, said!

Langtou and Langlong have a deep friendship, and Langlong naturally knows that in terms of strength of the two of them, Langtou is probably the better one.

"Dead?" The other powerhouses of the Xuanling Royal Family looked at the wolf head, which was as motionless as a dead dog, and his expressions changed drastically!

The wolf head is the strongest among them, and the strongest in Xiao Yan's hands can't support it for a few rounds, so they can't help but want to retreat, after all, everyone is afraid of death!

"Little bastard!" At this time, Xuanmu's face also turned ashen, extremely ugly.

Because Xuanmu raised his head and looked at the place where the two were fighting tensely, there was only a thin figure looking at him with a smile.

"It seems that the strength of the eight-star Dou Di in the early stage is not as strong as he imagined..." Xiao Yan clapped his hands, then put away the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and smiled at Xuanmu.

"You are courting death!" Xuanmu shouted loudly, and then a terrifying strong wind in his palm attacked Xiao Yan directly.

"Huhuhu!" Xiao Yan waved his hand, and immediately broke Xuanmu's attack.

"How could it be..." And Mu Tianyuan watched Xiao Yan completely behead the wolf's head in just a few breaths, and the corners of his mouth couldn't help but twitch!

"How did this wolf head die?"

"In the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, killing the Eight-Star Dou Emperor in the early stage, this is too perverted..." Duan Yu looked at Xiao Yan who was not far away with a smile on his face, and a sense of emotion emerged.

"Soul power, flame..."

"If it's not unexpected, the wolf head should have been severely wounded to death by the soul." Mu Tianyuan is indeed a senior brother, his eyes are extremely vicious, and he discovered something strange in a short period of time.

Wolftou's eyes shrank tightly, obviously shocked when he died.

"This wolf head has some strength." Xiao Yan secretly rejoiced.

Xiao Yan just used Huangquan Tianwu directly, and he never thought that he could instantly kill the wolf head directly, but Xiao Yan underestimated the soul power of his Emperor Realm Heavenly Great Perfection, and also overestimated the soul defense of the wolf head.

Apart from pharmacists, I am afraid that very few people have in-depth research on soul power. In addition, Xiao Yan's current soul power is not what it used to be. With one blow of soul power, it is directly close to an instant kill. The wolf head achieved the effect of instant kill.

However, this is also due to the fact that the wolf head did not defend against Xiao Yan's soul attack, otherwise Xiao Yan would definitely fall into a hard fight against the eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse. This kill can be said to have a lot of luck in it. .

"Give it to me!" Xuanmu looked at the wolf head beside him without any vitality, and immediately became extremely angry, but more fearful.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Go on!" The other Seven-Star Dou Emperor Consummation and the late Seven-Star Dou Emperor's powerhouses were quite numerous, and there was an inexplicable and powerful pressure on Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" The strong men attacked together directly, and then attacked Xiao Yan.

A huge force of life force energy emerged and hit Xiao Yan in front of Xiao Yan without a trace.

"It's really annoying." Xiao Yan looked at so many strong men and said coldly.

"The fire is coming!" The next moment, Xiao Yan couldn't care so much. With a light sentence, a khaki flame suddenly appeared around the entrance to the seal of the ghost world, and the flame slowly wrapped everyone around.

"Good boy, this thing tastes a bit like a realm." Seeing this, Mu Tianyuan, who was beside him, naturally laughed.

"Run!" Looking at the space surrounded by holy flames, Xuanmu suddenly felt that if he stayed here, he would really die!

Then Xuanmu didn't dare to stay, he took the wolf dragon and ran away all around.

"Hehe, your masters are running away from you, and it's ridiculous that you are so desperate for others." Xiao Yan looked at Xuanmu, whose speed was soaring, and did not rush to chase, but said to the remaining strong men. .

"Damn it."

"We worked hard for others, and finally lost our own lives. It's not worth it."

"I'm quitting!" Some of the strong men of the Xuanling royal family naturally nodded secretly when they heard what Xiao Yan said.

"Let's go!" After a few breaths, those seven-star Dou Emperor Consummation powerhouses actually left here!

Xiao Yan did not deliberately stop it. After all, Xiao Yan knew that so many Seven-Star Dou Emperor Consummation and late-stage Seven-Star Dou Emperor powerhouses, if they really fought, would only be detrimental to his side, so he just said this.

"Junior Brother Xiao Yan, thank you..." And Mu Tianyuan looked at Xiao Yan so calmly scare away everyone in the Xuanling royal family, his eyes flashed with gratitude.

"Elder brother, you're welcome."

"But the little one can run, but Xuanmu must be killed!" In the next instant, Xiao Yan's eyes became fierce.

"Senior brother, you are here to regulate your breath. I have already set up a formation. I will come when I go." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"This guy is a ruthless man!" When the other Heavenly Temple disciples heard this, they also showed a wave of awe towards Xiao Yan!

"Okay!" Mu Tianyuan naturally knew the grievances of the Xuanling royal family in the Fenxiang Pavilion, so he had already hated the people of the Xuanling royal family.

"A little bit..."

"Damn Xiao Yan, it's bad for me."

"This time, when I go back, my father must send a more powerful person. When I catch this kid, I must let this kid survive and die!" Xuanmu, who had just escaped from the seal at the entrance to the ghost world, said resentfully.

"Third prince, let's go."

"I was seriously injured by Mu Tianyuan. At this time, I was at the end of my force. If Xiao Yan came after him, I'm afraid..." There was a trace of fear on the wolf dragon's face. It was obvious that he was still extremely afraid of death.

"Well Xuanmu heard the words, the speed was soaring, and he left here with the wolf head.

"What?" Just when Xuanmu's figure just got up, a flame figure slowly blocked the way for the two of them.

"The King of Hell is asking for his life." The flame figure turned his back to the two of them, but just said something lightly.

"Xiao Yan!" Xuanmu also discovered the identity of the flame figure for the first time.

"bingo."

"I will reward you with a death experience." The flame figure slowly turned around, and then on the corner of his mouth, he smiled at Xuanmu, and the smile was full of danger.

"Run!" Langlong knew that he was already a waste at this time, and with Xuanmu's strength in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, I'm afraid he would be powerless in front of Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan looked at the two fleeing quickly, but did not chase after them, but slowly gathered the power of holy flame in his body. After a while, a dazzling attack brewed!

"One finger in the sky, call the sky!" Xiao Yan's voice was like death, echoing in the ears of the two Xuanmu!

"Boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, a dazzling finger light nearly a hundred feet in size suddenly appeared at the tip of his finger, and then cut through the space and hit Xuanmu viciously!

"Plop!" Xuanmu received this heavy blow, and a mouthful of blood spewed out directly. Then, his body flew in mid-air and fell suddenly, and his vitality was quickly lost under the power of the sky's finger!

https:

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: