Chapter Vol 4 2129: Quiet Holy See and Vanishing Pope!

Once the time has passed, it will be five days.

In the past five days, Douyun Continent and many other forces have set up countless ambushes at the Holy See Holy City and the Tower of Tongtian.

Everything is ready, as long as the elders of the ancient races give an order, they will go in without stopping and fight to the death with the Holy See.

The tower of the sky, the holy city.

Both are the bases of the Holy See, but the most grand is the Holy City.

At this time, there was a mountain a hundred miles away from the holy city.

"Everyone, don't be impatient."

At this time, the patriarchs of the seven ancient clans and the leaders of some major forces have gathered here.

None of them dared to act rashly, all of them were waiting for the order of the elder Taishang, and they appeared here to monitor every move of the Holy City.

"In the current situation, could it be that we are too impatient?"

After a while, the Patriarch of the Lei Clan looked worried, looking at the Holy See Holy City, which was still quiet in the distance, and couldn't help but say.

"Not in a hurry."

"The Holy See Tongtian Tower has been besieged by all our forces, and the power there is not to be feared. Now, as long as the Holy City's intelligence investigation is clear, the final battle can begin."

"However, once this kind of battle begins, it cannot be stopped, so you must be careful."

The Soul Clan Patriarch on the side also hurriedly said, even his face was extremely ugly, the Soul Palace was destroyed, and there was still a lot of public pressure on their Soul Clan.

"According to the information we have obtained, there is no red-clothed archbishop in the Tower of Tongtian, so the two red-clothed archbishops are probably very likely to practice in the holy city."

"Among the two red-clothed archbishops, Miller's strength is slightly weaker, and Blake's strength is the strongest. The two of them are almost both in the second-level reincarnation. I don't know if the information is prepared."

"Several Supreme Elders have already gone to investigate the information of the Holy City with their great magical powers, so let's watch from a distance here."

"If there is any movement, report it immediately."

Gu Yuan, the patriarch of the ancient clan, had no other good solution at this time, so he could only say so.

Several patriarchs looked at each other, not knowing what to do for a while.

They all possess the strength of the Eight-Star Dou Xian Consummation. They are the leaders of the ancient races, but they are heartbroken when facing a behemoth like the Holy See.

Inside the Holy See.

The holy city's Sanskrit sound is high-pitched, and the high-pitched Sanskrit sound is whispered all the time, leading countless worshippers to worship with peace of mind.

The Holy City, whose predecessor is like an altar mountain for worshippers to climb, is huge, and then is a rather luxurious building complex, where all the prominent figures in the Holy See live.

"Yuri, something is wrong!"

A few quite gorgeous white palaces, a man looked panic, suddenly pushed open the palace gate, and some other voices were shouting in his mouth.

"Amber, the two of us have been sacrificed to the Holy See for thousands of years, and you are still so impatient."

Priest Yuri smiled gracefully.

Yuri's appearance is like a fairy walking in the world, she is quite elegant and noble.

There are not too many decorations in the palace. The whole palace is different from ordinary palaces. The white palace here is more like a delicate house, but the area is too large!

There is a delicate silver table in front of the sacrifice to Yuri, and some sweet and delicious desserts are placed on the table. It is obvious that she is preparing to eat.

"I know that you hate others to disturb your eating, but this matter is very important. If it is not dealt with in time, I am afraid that the Holy See will face a serious challenge."

Amber strode towards Yuri, ignoring the delicacies, and his voice was particularly heavy.

"whats the matter?"

Listening to Amber's solemn voice and expression, Yuri took out a clean tissue from the silver table and swept away the food residue from the corner of his mouth.

"Second believer Hill has fallen, and both body and spirit are destroyed."

"The spiritual monuments of the First Believer and the Son of Light are bleak, and I am afraid they have been hit hard like never before."

Amber said it in one breath.

"what!"

Yuri heard the words, the graceful face disappeared instantly, and a touch of stunned lingered around her beautiful face.

"The spiritual monument of Archbishop Lacey in red seems to be no longer in the Great Thousand World."

After the breath, a heavy bullet appeared in Amber's mouth.

"Go, go and meet His Holiness the Pope."

"This matter is too involved."

As soon as the voice fell, the two bodies surged up at the same time, and went directly to the Pope to retreat to the palace.

"..."

"Is the Pope not here?"

"What's the matter?"

A few minutes later, the two priests were in the Pope's retreat palace. Even if they used the secret method, they couldn't call the Pope.

There is only one explanation for this situation, the Pope has already left the country and is nowhere to be found!

"Two sacrifices, you don't need to spend a lot of time."

"A month ago, in the neighboring land of Douyun Continent, Shengyuan Continent suddenly discovered a powerful heretic. The Holy See of Shengyuan Branch arrested him, but unexpectedly that guy was the master of the Soul Eater of the Ghost Realm and sat down as a disciple. Hao Ni'er's wishful husband."

"Archbishop Miller took Miss Liu Qing to support her, but she hasn't returned yet."

"Then when Hao Ni'er was defeated, the Lord of Soul Eater appeared, holding two evil soldiers of the ghost world to defeat the Holy See branch of the Holy Spirit and Archbishop Miller. With two evil soldiers, he was very powerful, so the Pope Decided to go out in person and go to Shengyuan Continent to kill the Lord of Soul Eater."

After the rest, behind the two priests, a middle-aged man in a silver robe stepped through the void and walked out.

"The head of the red-clothed archbishop, the red-clothed archbishop of Black?"

When the two priests heard the words, they could only nod secretly, but their expressions became even more ugly after Shunxi.

"Bishop Black, the second believer has died, and the first believer and Liu Hao were seriously injured together."

"One of the red-clothed archbishops, Lord Lacey, was taken away from the Great Thousand World by an unknown force."

"The spearhead of all this points to the Medicine Clan."

"I'm afraid this time, the sky of Douyun Continent will change."

Amber kept shaking his head, helplessly.

"Don't worry, the Pope thought of this situation before leaving, so he left behind."

"The Devil of Light, and Yao Qiangui and others, are enough to make them truly jealous."

Blake disagreed, sarcastically, because with his triple reincarnation power, he was enough to intercept all the powerhouses in the entire Douyun Continent!

This is his heritage and the capital he is proud of.

"Beyond the Holy City and the Tower of Tongtian have been surrounded by their forces, I am afraid that our situation will be next..."

Yuri priest said after analyzing it.

"Don't worry, we just have to wait."

"Let's start preparing separately. In a few days, there will be a grand ceremony that will be personally opened by our Doudi Continent Vatican."

When Blake spoke, his expression was extremely crazy, and even when he said the word "Grand Ceremony", he was very strange.

"This time, I don't know who can open up a new era."

The two priests nodded helplessly, and at the same time retreated to mobilize the power of the Holy City, and the red-clothed Archbishop Black also returned to his residence.

...

"Go, this is the passage to the endless fire domain."

"The Endless Fire Territory will be handed over to you."

"I don't want to hear any more mistakes from a force without reincarnation powerhouses."

"Yes."

As soon as the voice fell, an angel's shadow suddenly fell through the void and slowly walked towards the endless fire domain. There was no ancient race elders found along the way!

And this angel's breath seems to be the guy who captured the Devil of Light in the past!

"Haha... The Lord of Soul Eater, the Demon Emperor, an old rival."

"This time, I will use Shengyuan Continent as a guide In order to attract the two of you to show up, I did not hesitate to expose the power of the Holy See branch of Doudi Continent. I don't believe that the demon emperor will not come to save your lover. Ah, Soul Eater, you won't come to save your disciple."

"Moreover, the four continents of Dou Di are all imprisoned by me, and even Samsara cannot travel far."

"This time, whether it's the Soul Eater Lord, the Demon Emperor, or the Endless Fire Territory, it's all for the sake of my own promotion!"

"The angel trap has been prepared for you, let's see if you can have that ability."

"Hahaha."

The voice fell, and the middle-aged man was also disappearing, but the figure of this guy was clearly the supreme pope in the Holy See!

But if the Pope did not leave the Holy See, then what happened to the Pope who went to Shengyuan Continent?

All this seems to have become confusing, but at the same time, it has become more expected!

txt download address:

phone-reading: