Chapter Vol 2 711: Save the Yanchi plan, Flying Eagle!

"Save Yanchi..." Tian Lao heard the words, temporarily put down the dispute with Zhu Jin, and started to think.

Perhaps most of the Fenxiang Pavilion disciples knew about Yanchi's name, but among the older generation of Fenxiang Pavilion powerhouses, no one knew it.

It can be said that the Burning Incense Pavilion was passed down by relying on Yanchi, otherwise, the invasion of the ghost realm back then, the staring eyes of the Xuanling Royal Family, would have long since ceased to exist.

With the power of his holy flame, Yanchi was considered a character who walked sideways in the entire Xuansan three days, but for some unknown reason, Yanchi didn't say goodbye, and even went to look for his sister.

Since then, Yan Chi has never appeared.

However, the people in the Fenxiang Pavilion are also affectionate and righteous people. First, they are worried about what danger will happen to Yanchi, and secondly, in order to repay Yanchi's kindness to them, they have sent countless disciples before and after, and the vague answer they finally got is: , Yan Chi was captured by the Xuanling royal family.

Although this news spread to the Fenxiang Pavilion, no one believed that Yanchi was a dignified fighting immortal. With the addition of Shengyan, I am afraid that the same level of fighting immortal powerhouses would not be able to do anything, let alone the Xuanling royal family. There is no one who is still powerful!

All kinds of mysteries plagued the top of the Fenxiang Pavilion, and at that time, the pavilion master of the Fenxiang Pavilion was in retreat, and he was unaware of the matter. Even if many people wanted to go directly to the Xuanling Royal Family to inquire about it, they were suppressed by Zhu Jin.

After all, things of this level are not trivial matters. If there is not enough evidence, I am afraid that it will only be a slap in the face.

"Saving Yanchi..."

"Is there any new progress in Yanchi's situation?" Chang Yu exclaimed when he heard the words, his eyes lit up.

This Yanchi had the kindness of knowing to him back then. Chang Yu was inspired as early as a young age that one day this guy needs him, and he must repay his kindness.

"Yep."

"According to our reply in the Xuanling royal family, Yan Chi has confirmed that it is in the hands of the Xuanling royal family." Zhu Jin said in a deep voice, but the voice was still extremely heavy.

The Xuanling royal family can stand in a place where there are so many sects. If there is no background, everyone will not believe it, so they hesitate.

"Now that it's been determined, it's time to make a plan."

"This time must be successful!" When Chang Yu heard the words, there was a hint of firmness on his cheeks.

Chang Yu has been waiting for this day for too long!

Perhaps Yanchi forgot the kindness he had given him, but he couldn't forget it!

"Well, the purpose of this meeting is to come up with a good plan. Do you have any good suggestions?" Although Zhu Jin was anxious, he didn't show it.

"I think this matter has to be careful. There is no specific measure of the number of strong people in the Xuanling royal family. If this matter is successful, it will be fine. If it fails, I am afraid that it will only make Yanchi fall into a state of doom." Lingmeng Sheng suddenly opened his mouth.

"The Hall Master of the Earth Palace said that this matter must be taken seriously. If there is a slight error, I am afraid that we will all be to blame." Qing Lao, the Deputy Palace Master of the Heaven Palace, also agreed.

Even now, what everyone knows is only the superficial power of the Xuanling royal family.

The Xuanling Royal Family has three major legions just on the surface. Let's not talk about the other two legions. After all, the level is too low to cause too much danger to Zhu Jin and the others.

But the most tyrannical dragon-loving legion had to be considered.

The strength of the Dragon Addiction Legion is estimated to be almost all at the level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, and even the head of the group is even closer to Dou Xian, and there are a few people who have entered the Nine-Star Dou Emperor.

Moreover, these powers are only the superficial power of the Xuanling Royal Family. As for how much power there is in the dark, it is unknown.

"By the way, is there a specific place for Yanchi to be held?" The old man on the side opened his mouth slightly.

The way women think is different from that of most men, but they are undoubtedly more delicate.

"Oh, by the way, I don't even mention the old man, I forgot."

"The place where Yanchi is imprisoned is in the deepest part of the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family." Zhu Jin said.

"The deepest part of the underground palace?" When everyone heard this, they all took a deep breath.

Good guy!

This underground palace was built by the Xuanling royal family with huge human and material resources. There are many dangers in it, and I am afraid that the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di might not dare to go.

"The deepest part of the underground palace, I'm afraid it will be difficult." Tian Lao frowned slightly when he heard this, obviously thinking of something.

"Tianlao, if you have any doubts, it's okay to say it." Zhu Jin noticed Tianlao's fleeting doubts.

"As far as I know, the news that the previous King Xuanling of the Xuanling royal family did not seem to have fallen..."

"As soon as you talk about the deepest part of the underground palace, you somehow think of this old monster."

"This old monster almost fell into the hands of our Fenxiang Pavilion pavilion master in one move. After so many years, if he hadn't fallen, his strength would have also entered the level of Dou Xian, and the Xuanling royal family brought in the worship of Dou Xian. , this Xuanling royal family has two powerhouses at the level of fighting immortals." Tian Lao's voice sounded slightly.

Dou Xian, this is enough to walk sideways for the entire Xuan Santian, and one person can decide the direction of the entire battle.

"Indeed, I also considered it here."

"But at that time, with me and the pavilion master, there will be no problem with the two fighting immortals." Zhu Jin said slightly.

"You... can you do it?" Tian Lao stared at Zhu Jin with some puzzlement.

Although Zhu Jin's strength has now reached the level of a half-immortal, there is no doubt that the true fighting immortals and half-immortals are not a little bit worse.

"Don't worry, although I can't have absolute certainty to defeat Dou Xian, I have the confidence to stand in an invincible position. After all, don't forget my name as the No. 1 Dou Formation Master in Xuan Santian." Zhu Jin smiled.

"If that's the case, then the top combat power is solved."

"With the pavilion master and you, as long as there is no third fighting immortal in the Xuanling royal family we have a good chance of winning this battle."

"And as for the dragon-loving legion, you don't have to worry too much. Although the old man and I are young, we still have more than enough time to resist the next legion for a stick of incense." After Tian Lao finished speaking, the decision in his voice Confidence cannot be hidden.

For Tianlao's words, Lingmengsheng, Qinglao and Mu Xuzi all nodded secretly, this is obviously the best way now.

"The next step is to make the most detailed plan..." After Tian Lao finished speaking, he suddenly smiled strangely.

"I think it's better to give this operation a code name before formulating a detailed plan?"

"What do you guys think?" The old man interjected at this time.

"What is the code name..."

"Alright, then take one."

"I don't know if there is a good code name..." Zhu Jin heard the words, nodded in agreement, and then turned his attention to Qing Lao.

"This plan might as well be called Flying Eagle."

"Salvation symbolizes the desire to fly freely, the eagle with great power!" The old man said impassionedly!

"Okay!"

"Flying Eagle Project!"

"Start the discussion!" When everyone heard the words, their hearts were shocked. They knew that the next more detailed plan was the most important thing!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Ask for tickets!