Chapter Vol 4 999: Mystery Pool Bottom

"The Seven Star Dou Emperor is in the middle stage..." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing as he felt the power in his body to break through because he swallowed the power of death.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, although his current strength is only in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, he can fight against some of the seven-star Dou Emperor Perfection level powerhouses without using the means of pressing the bottom of the box.

Moreover, even in the face of the eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, he is not afraid, because now Xiao Yan has the power of death born in his body. But among the powerhouses of the Seven Star Dou Di, with the combination of life and death, I am afraid that Xiao Yan can remain invincible.

"Don't be too happy too soon."

"Your vindictiveness that disappeared in a strange way was indeed eaten away by the beasts of flames."

"Is this a good thing or a bad thing, I can't tell now." When Xiao Yan was complacent, a burst of cold water was poured over from the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Senior, do you know?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this.

"I know some." Soul Eater said lightly.

"That flaming beast, what exactly is it?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked when he knew the Soul Eater Talisman, and if his fighting spirit was really eaten up by the flaming beast, how could this flaming beast be born in his body?

Various questions plagued Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan could only ask for help.

"The flames of up to 23 colors in your body are some wonders of the world, right?" After a while, the Soul Eater spoke directly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, and then explained the strange fire directly to the Soul Eater Talisman.

"I see."

"According to what you said, this flaming beast should be a fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fires." Soul Eater Hearing this, he looked confident.

"What?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when he heard this.

"I remember that in the fire elves, there was an almighty in ancient times."

"The great master uses fire as the source, and it is said that he came from a lower plane like you. With his strange cultivation technique, he searched for the holy flame to swallow him along the way. In just a few hundred years, he was among the peaks of the Great Thousand World. ."

"I was very weak at that time, but I was fortunate to have a relationship with him."

"The breath in your body seems to have a taste of him." Soul Eater seemed to remember something, and said slowly.

"The fire spirit...the strange technique...devours the holy flame..."

"Could it be..." And after Xiao Yan finished listening to the Soul Eater Talisman, a bold guess appeared in his mind.

"He has an unknown name."

"Emperor Tuoshe." The soul-devouring talisman blurted out with great respect.

"What?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was shocked, this name was too familiar to him.

Moreover, it can make the Soul Eater Talisman, who has always had a high hand and a low eye, be so respected, which shows the terrifying strength of the ancient emperor Tuoshe.

"Although I don't know why the flaming beast in your body came into being, but I think the aura on this flaming beast is very similar to which almighty, so I think there may be some connection between the two."

"Of course, whether this kind of connection is good or bad, and what kind of connection it is, you still need to find it yourself." Soul Eater said slowly, obviously that was all the information he could give Xiao Yan.

"If that's the case, I'm afraid this flaming beast is... the descendant of the ancient emperor Tuoshe?" Xiao Yan was confused for a while and couldn't help but say.

"So, Xiao Yi and the flaming beast are both descendants of the ancient emperor Tuoshe?" Suddenly, Xiao Yan seemed to realize something, and immediately said.

"Hey, I don't know about that."

"But that Xiao Yi is a real fire elf now, and she also has a reincarnation seal in her body, I'm afraid it's very possible." Soul Eater said with a smile.

"It's really troublesome." Xiao Yan helplessly pouted and said.

"The soldiers will block the water and cover the soil. Let's take a step by step." Xiao Yan knew that this was not the time to discuss this, so he immediately suppressed his curiosity about Xiao Yi and the flame beast, and said slowly.

"Since you've absorbed the blood of the dead blood, it's time to go down with me to have a look."

"Under this, there are good things." Soul Eater said greedily.

"I also feel that something is calling me from below, and every time I use my soul power, that call is even stronger. What the **** is going on here." Xiao Yan finished speaking, directly using the holy flame to isolate him, Look below the Blood River Pond.

At a glance, the extremely scarlet pool water gave Xiao Yan a feeling of a vast abyss.

"Go, go down and have a look."

"Don't worry, there is me." After a while, the Soul Eater said directly.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan agreed immediately. This is a place where ghosts are arrogant, but he has a soul-devouring talisman, so he is naturally not afraid, and Xiao Yan is extremely curious about what is underneath.

"Crash!" The dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame directly wrapped Xiao Yan's entire body, and then descended continuously with the help of the impact of his soul power.

Every few tens of meters down, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that the eerie ghostly aura in the water of the Blood River Pond became more heartwarming.

"It's such a weird ghost." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying when he saw that the water around him had turned from scarlet to pitch black.

"how?"

"Little devil, are you afraid?" The Soul Eater Talisman had been entrenched in front of Xiao Yan, feeling that Xiao Yan suddenly stopped moving, and then spoke slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"No, I just think that the top of this Blood River Pond is scarlet How can there be such a strong ghostly aura underneath?" Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"Hey, what is this?"

"At the peak of this master, ghosts are released, not to mention this little blood river, even your Xuanling Continent will be wiped out in an instant." A proud voice came from the soul-devouring talisman.

"Let's go, it should be almost there." Xiao Yan heard the words, rolled his eyes with a soul-devouring talisman, and said immediately.

"This little brat!" The Soul Eater found that Xiao Yan had turned his eyes on him, and couldn't help but cursed secretly.

"Five hundred meters..."

"Damn, such a powerful ghost, this ghost is actually eating away my holy flame power?" Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

"Don't worry about it, it's almost there! Hold on!" And a very bright fiery voice was also born from the main body of Soul Eater.

"Seven hundred meters..."

"No way, the ghost is too strong..."

"Hold on for me!"

"Eight hundred meters..."

"If this goes on, the holy flame covering my body will be eaten up by the ghost energy, and we will all die here!"

"Don't talk nonsense, speed up! I've seen that thing, I guarantee you're worth the money!"

"One thousand meters..."

"No, it's the limit!" Just when Xiao Yan felt that he had reached his limit, Xiao Yan's eyes were suddenly attracted by the scene in front of him.

"That is……"

"Soul fighting skills?"

m.