Chapter 312: Immortal Emperor!

"Relying on your own strength to deal with two emperor-level powerhouses from outsiders?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, and then he said incredulously.

The two emperor-level foreign evil clan powerhouses, what does this mean, Xiao Yan is very clear!

The strength of the alien race is divided into five stages, which are the five realms of the emperor of heaven and earth!

Heaven-level aliens are the weakest, and king-level aliens are the strongest!

But this emperor-level alien from the outside world, you don't need to think about it, you know, the strength is definitely comparable to their human-level powerhouse!

Even if the strength of the evil race outside the territory is not good enough, it is still comparable to the strong human beings fighting immortals!

The Immortal Emperor relied on the tenth-rank Dou Emperor to deal with the two emperor-level foreign evil races!

How could Xiao Yan not be shocked by this!

And the most important thing is that this Immortal Emperor is just a Dou Emperor powerhouse at the pinnacle of the Nine Star Dou Emperor!

However, they were able to resist the two alien races that were comparable to the level of human beings fighting immortals. This was what surprised Xiao Yan the most!

"Some things, I will tell you slowly in the future."

"Now, let me tell you something first."

"The war tens of thousands of years ago was tragic."

"That would be at a time when our seven realms were constantly fighting infighting, and the evil race from outside the territory led countless strong men to arrive in an instant..."

"At that time, the Seven Realms were also forced to end the infighting, because they knew that no matter how huge the resources and territory of each of the Seven Realms were, if they were invaded by this evil race outside the realm..."

"Then it won't be their turn to fight for infighting, so this is the first time to end the infighting, condensing the battle of the supreme powers from the entire seven worlds and countless planes."

"That battle lasted for several years, and in the end, at the cost of our Seven Realms, we managed to repel the evil race from outside the Territory. However, many of the powerhouses in the Seven Realms either perished or fell into reincarnation!"

"This immortal emperor is a fallen powerhouse!"

"Because I remember clearly at the time, this immortal emperor, with the strength of the Dou Emperor's peak, and with the help of his powerful tenth-rank Dou Emperor body, forcibly dragged the two emperor-level foreign evil races, even if they were Among the seven realms, the reputation of this immortal emperor is also extremely loud." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly, obviously remembering some unpleasant memories.

Xiao Yan was also silent. Obviously, Xiao Yan knew something about what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said.

Among the seven realms, each realm is composed of countless planes, and the planes of each realm are also divided into three types: upper, middle and lower.

Just like the Dou Qi Continent where they existed before, it was an intermediate plane.

As for the current Dou Di Continent, it is an advanced plane!

The area of ​​Dou Di Continent is equivalent to four Dou Qi Continents!

Therefore, Xiao Yan is also aware of the battle of the Seven Realms, and he also started the internal fight because he wanted to compete for resources and territory.

However, Xiao Yan's thoughts did not stay on it for long, and his eyes returned to the statue above the main hall.

"Then...it should be the Immortal Emperor..." Xiao Yan also murmured, and there was obviously a little more respect in his voice.

This immortal emperor can rely on the strength of Dou Di's peak to forcefully hold down the two emperor-level foreign evil races. This righteousness of giving up his life is enough for Xiao Yan to respect.

"I didn't expect this immortal emperor to fall here..." The Golden Dragon King's voice was full of deep regret.

If it wasn't for the infighting among the top powers in the seven realms, the original battle would not have been so tragic, and given some time to the immortal emperor, the Golden Dragon King also believed that the immortal emperor would definitely become a fighting immortal...

Even stronger!

It's a pity that the time does not wait for me, this immortal emperor has fallen.

"Although there is the Immortal Emperor's tenth-rank Dou Emperor's body here, there is no immortal emperor's inheritance. I think the Immortal Emperor is also to guard against foreign evil races, so the tenth-rank Dou Emperor's body is separated from his own inheritance."

"So this doesn't seem to be the place where the Immortal Emperor fell..." The Golden Dragon King said after feeling it.

"Let's go, today is to let me take out the tenth-rank fighting emperor who is enough to shock the crowd, and let the light of the immortal emperor reappear!" The Golden Dragon King also said, but there was a little more regret in his voice.

"Well." Xiao Yan also responded, obviously Xiao Yan also knew that the fall of this immortal emperor was quite a pity.

You must know that this immortal emperor can drag two foreign evil races that are comparable to the level of human fighting immortals with the strength of the peak of the emperor. If he grows up by the immortal emperor, he will be a strong enough to attack the level of fighting gods. By!

However, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and then walked slowly towards the golden hall with vigorous steps.

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't realize that as he got closer to the hall, the statue standing on the top of the hall slowly woke up like snow turned into ice!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

one step...

Step two...

In just a few moments, Xiao Yan also came to the door of the main hall.

The gate at the entrance of the main hall is ten meters high. Looking at the magnificent gate of the main hall, Xiao Yan felt that this splendor was not the original appearance of the main hall...

This golden light seems to be emanating from something!

"Senior, I have offended you." Xiao Yan also bowed slightly to the door of the main hall, and took a deep breath.

The grudge in his body was pushed to the limit, and then both hands fiercely grasped the door handle on the door.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also suddenly pulled, and suddenly, the door of the main hall, which was tightly closed, also slowly opened.

Following that, an extremely ancient aura also emanated from the hall.

Opening the door, Xiao Yan also walked in.

The interior of the hall is extremely empty. Looking around, there is a circular hall with a radius of nearly one thousand meters.

It's just that in the main hall at this time...

A golden body also slowly appeared in the center of the hall.

"This is..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, obviously feeling a familiar smell from the golden body in the center of the hall.

That is……

The body of a tenth-grade fighting emperor?

Xiao Yan also murmured and looked at the center of the hall It seems that there is a strange heat in his pupils!

The Immortal Emperor was able to rely on the strength of the Dou Emperor's peak to forcibly confront two foreign powerhouses that were comparable to the level of human Dou Xian, and he must have been able to do without the credit of this tenth-rank Dou Emperor!

"You are the third person to come here." A soft voice also slowly echoed in the hall.

At the same time, the door of the main hall was also closed heavily.

"The Immortal Emperor..."

"It's such a terrifying power!"

"However, I, Xiao Yan, have made up my mind about this tenth-rank fighting emperor!" Xiao Yan also gritted his teeth.

The voice just now was uttered by the statue standing on the top of the hall, a remnant soul left by the Immortal Emperor.

It's just that even a mere remnant of the immortal emperor's remnant, the pressure on Xiao Yan is really not small!

Following the voice of the Immortal Emperor, an indescribable terrifying pressure also rushed towards Xiao Yan instantly!

The terrifying pressure swept out from Xiao Yan's limbs and bones. At the same time, Xiao Yan's body suddenly collapsed, and even the ground where he was standing collapsed several meters!

This immortal emperor's words, the power is so terrifying!

Ask for tickets!

Tomorrow is the subject three!

Come on for me!

If it's over, five watch will break out!

But just...