Chapter Vol 4 988: Thunder means, kill!

"Boom boom boom!" After a short while, the huge flame barrier formed by holy flames in front of Xiao Yan suddenly shattered under the attack of Tianxing ghost's hand.

"Shabu Shabu!" The flame barrier shattered directly, and the power of the ghost's hand had not disappeared, the remaining power attacked Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan also quickly fled.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan fled for a while, and then the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him was instantly removed, and a giant ruler roared directly from the sky.

In the face of Xiao Yan's huge chiman with the power of holy flame, the ghost's hand disappeared.

"In the early days of the seven-star Dou Di, it was nothing more than that."

"If that's the case, then die." Tian Xing saw Xiao Yan being chased by his ghost's hand so embarrassed, he laughed out loud, and then his dazzling power slowly radiated out.

"Ghost energy?" Xiao Yan looked at the aura emerging from Tian Xing's body, it was a strange black aura, this black aura made Xiao Yan extremely uncomfortable.

"How can there be ghosts in humans?"

"This Tianxing has a blood curse on him, why is there another ghost now?"

"Blood curse? Ghost energy? The power of life?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"This is normal."

"Who said ghost qi can only be used by dead ghosts?"

"It's true that Tianxing is a living human being. The blood curse of the alien race has been deeply rooted in the bone marrow, and the reason why this guy can have ghost energy is probably because something has been injected into him, so that he has this ability temporarily. ." And when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the Soul Eater in the body also spoke up.

"do not care."

"This guy must die!" Xiao Yan couldn't care less about it. The ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng shone with unusually dazzling rays of light, and then he slashed out in the direction of Tianxing.

"Crash!" A terrifying foot chopped out, and even the air in the entire sky was buzzing.

"Small worm-carving trick!" Tian Xing was busy condensing powerful ghost energy, trying to kill Xiao Yan with one hit, but seeing Xiao Yan's huge flames attacking, he didn't stop, only a ghost energy emerged, which seemed to resist him. .

"Boom boom boom!" The flame giant ruler and Tianxing's ghost aura were just intertwined. Surprisingly, this time, the power of holy flame directly devoured Tianxing's ghost aura.

"What's going on?" Tian Xing was surprised when his ghostly aura disappeared suddenly.

"I originally wanted to keep a hand, but now it seems unnecessary." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, and after saying that the ancient ruler of Yihuoheng was put away, he slowly gathered a more powerful offensive.

And the huge flame ruler, after swallowing the ghost energy, attacked Tianxing.

"Damn it, this guy actually hid his power just now." At this time, Tian Xing also found out why his ghost qi had the upper hand just now, but now he can't beat it.

"Boom boom boom!" However, before Tian Xing could finish thinking, the giant flame ruler directly hit his body.

Tian Xing didn't dare to stop. After all, the power of holy flame was terrifying, but it was clear. Although the power of ghost qi was tyrannical, in the face of holy flame, it was probably only the fate of being swallowed up.

"Pfft." With a sound, Tianxing skillfully avoided the giant flame ruler, and then he attacked in Du Condensation's hands, and the giant flame ruler was evaded by Tianxing and directly hit a small mountain below, and the small mountain instantly disappeared.

"What a powerful attack." Mu Yingying, who was beside her, couldn't help but said when she saw that Xiao Yan had such a powerful force in such an easy blow.

"Xiao Yan, everything is over!"

"With my blood, feed!"

"The power of ghosts, ghosts shake the sky!" At this moment, Tianxing's mouth came out, and a mouthful of blood spurted out, and then all was swallowed up by the ghost qi surrounding his body, and after those ghost qi devoured Tianxing's blood, The ghost qi suddenly became weird, and then the ghost qi appeared like human souls directly around Tian Xing's body. It looked like a real person and was extremely realistic!

"It's really a good method." Xiao Yan looked at the sky star surrounded by countless wandering ghosts, and he questioned.

"As long as it can kill you, everything is worth it."

"Don't worry, after you die, those two holy flames won't be able to escape."

"Oh, no."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"With the one in your body, it's three." Tian Xing said as if he already had the chance to win.

However, since Tianxing's body was possessed by countless strange wandering ghosts at this time, even his breath and voice became strange.

"Then let's see if you have the ability." Xiao Yan was also not afraid of this, and smiled slightly.

"Ghost shocks the sky!"

"Give it to me!" Tian Xing also knew that it would be bad for him to drag him down, so he let out a whistle, and the dazzling wandering ghosts rushed towards Xiao Yan. That kind of scene, like a thousand ghosts, was extremely terrifying.

"It's good to come."

"Take my finger."

"A finger in the sky, call the sky!"

"Broken!" As Xiao Yan's majestic voice fell, Xiao Yan's dry fingers were lightly lifted, and then an indescribable terrifying force pointed at the sky where Tian Xing was.

"Bang bang bang!" One finger pointed out, and suddenly a beam of white light beams penetrating the sky and the earth suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's fingertips, and then burst into the sky with an aura like a broken bamboo.

"Boom boom boom!" Countless wandering ghosts attacked Xiao Yan, but when they approached Xiao Yan's body, they stopped abruptly, and then a khaki holy flame suddenly appeared and slowly pushed it away. to burn out.

At this time, Tianxing saw that his powerful attack was rapidly subsided under the power of holy flame, and he seemed to realize that he underestimated the power of holy flame just wanted to mobilize other powers, but suddenly felt Discomfort in one's own body.

"Pfft." With a very slight voice, Tian Xing's arrogant forehead was slowly lowered, and he looked towards his body.

In his chest, a hole about the size of a fist appeared directly, and the culprit was Xiao Yan's finger just now, that finger directly penetrated Tian Xing's chest.

"Pfft, puff!" A blood hole was pierced directly through his chest, and Tianxing's blood spurted out from the corner of his mouth like a spring.

"Bastard!"

"It seems that I miscalculated." Tian Xing felt the vitality in his body disappearing rapidly, and couldn't help cursing at Xiao Yan.

"Actually, when you were willing to serve the Xuanling Royal Family and kill our Fenxiang Pavilion disciples, you should have thought that such a day will come sooner or later, it's just a matter of time."

"Go to **** with the remorse for the many brothers and sisters of our Fenxiang Pavilion." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the power of the khaki holy flame emerged around him, and then said to Tianxing.

"Are you going to die..." Tian Xing said weakly.

"However, even if I die, I have decided that it will not make you feel better!" And Tian Xing's pale face just now, after speaking directly, suddenly burst into a ferocious look.

Then the voice just fell, and suddenly, an extremely evil blood color slowly emerged between the eyebrows.

Counting carefully, there are actually five numbers on the bloodstain.

--Pull up to load the next chapter s-->