Chapter 134: Wucheng explodes!

"Not good!" The man in gray and the man in black said at the same time, and then the majestic Dou Qi roared out of him and went towards Xiao Yan, trying to resist Xiao Yan's terrifying power of flame!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The huge black Dou Qi and silver Dou Qi of the two rushed towards Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan had no intention of evading at all. When the Dou Qi ignited, the strength in the body instantly increased to the extreme, and then it exploded.

The dozens of exquisite fire lotus seeds in Xiao Yan's heart were condensed and placed on Xiao Yan's body before. Although the power was not comparable to the lotus of annihilation that attacked the three-winged unicorn before, its power was not to be underestimated. watch for!

After all, the Murray family, the Soul Deacon and most of Wucheng's mainstays are in this secret room!

Once these fire lotus seeds that contain terrifying energy explode, then they are so close, even if they don't die, they will peel off their skin!

To say that it is late is quick, the Lord of Wucheng and Murray, plus the man in black, instantly covered the huge fighting spirit, and then cut off the slowly blooming flames on Xiao Yan's body!

"Come on!" The Lord of Wucheng also shouted loudly.

The Soul Deacon also couldn't figure it out, Xiao Yan was obviously bound by his own soul chain, and his fighting qi couldn't work. How could such a terrifying fire lotus seed be condensed?

"Soul avatar?" Murray also suddenly noticed a trace of anomaly in Xiao Yan in front of him and said, and he had no choice but to defend against the terrifying flame energy together!

However, the soul deacon man in black obviously could not have imagined that Xiao Yan in front of him was not the real Xiao Yan. At best, he was just a clone condensed from soul power, but the soul power of those present was not stronger than that of Xiao Yan. So even the avatar of soul power cannot be found.

Moreover, those terrifying fire lotus seeds were also condensed by Xiao Yan before he was sealed by the three elders of the Mu family!

This is a big gift from Xiao Yan to Wucheng and the Mu family!

Xiao Yan's weird smile shattered, and then his whole body exploded like glass shattering.

Xiao Yan's soul clone exploded, and most of the impact was resisted by the Lord of Wucheng, Murray and Soul Deacon.

But before the three of them could breathe a sigh of relief, a fear from the heart emerged in everyone's heart.

At the place where Xiao Yan had exploded, dozens of beautiful lotus seeds appeared in front of everyone's eyes, and then they felt that the space trembled slightly!

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying fire lotus exploded one after another, resounding like a chain of bombs.

The small secret room was instantly filled with terrifying energy, and with three sounds of "bang bang bang!", the secret room exploded!

A soaring flame explosion sounded from Wucheng.

The power of the huge flame made the land in the area of ​​tens of kilometers in Wucheng filled with a smell of scorched earth.

"Puff puff!"

When Xiao Yan in the Warcraft Mountains saw the sky-high explosion in the distance where Wucheng was located, the corner of his mouth also smiled fiercely, and then a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Cough cough cough."

Wiping the blood from the corners of his mouth, Xiao Yan also laughed, this Wucheng actually wanted to blame himself for using martial arts, and now this terrifying flame can be regarded as a lesson for them, which is really heartwarming.

However, Xiao Yan also frowned slightly, because the soul clone that was sealed and captured by the three elders of the Mu family exploded, causing certain damage to Xiao Yan's soul, although that soul clone was just a clone, not a condensed soul force. out entity.

The terrifying fire lotus seeds exploded from the secret room, and then the powerful explosion impact burst the small secret room, and then went straight to the sky!

A huge beam of flame energy visible to the naked eye rose from the side of Wucheng.

"This is…"

Yue Yu and the others also came to the place where the Beast Mountain Range exploded before, but they did not find any trace of Xiao Yan, so they had no choice but to stare at the sky-rocketing energy flame beam in the direction of Wucheng, and muttered to themselves, the energy in the flame seemed familiar. , and looked at the explosion that was about to subside in the Warcraft Mountains.

"This breath... it's Xiao Yan!" Yue Ru also saw through the power of flame at a glance. After all, she and Xiao Yan went deep into the ruins and were quite familiar with the power of flame on Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, this kid really gave Wucheng a great gift!" The third elder also looked at the huge flame energy in the distance and said.

The three of them looked at this terrifying beam of flame energy, and they could feel the scorching temperature and the terrifying destructive power from hundreds of miles away, not to mention the Wucheng near the center of the explosion.

"Tsk tsk tsk, this kid is really a big hand!" Bai Su also looked at the huge flame energy and said with a smile.

Among the seven cities with a radius of 100 miles, this Wucheng also belongs to the rank of soil hegemons. No one has ever tried to provoke them, and the seven cities are developing independently.

Just because the master of this Wucheng is a five-star Doudi strong, and the five-star Doudi strong is enough to prove its heritage, but the Yue family is not afraid of this Wucheng. Before, because of the dark disease of Yue Yu, they did not intervene too much. Things are different now. Yueyu has regained her strength and has the power to fight Wucheng.

As for the Alchemist Association, not to mention, even with the strength of Wucheng, would not dare to rashly take action against the Alchemist Association without absolute certainty, because everyone knows that refining The pharmacist is the most difficult character to deal with.

"This kid is really bold." Bai Ruo on the side said slowly.

"That's fine, kill the prestige of Wucheng, after all, their actions are too strong." Bai Su said.

"But this Xiao Yan has caused so much trouble, and it's already a life-and-death situation with Wucheng..." Bai Ruo seemed to be hesitant to speak.

"Hahaha, did you forget that in a few days, the messenger of Xuan Santian is coming?"

"And looking at the power of the explosion, this Martial City has suffered heavy losses, and there is no spare energy to deal with him in a short period of time." Bai Su said as he looked at the huge beam of flame energy.

The terrifying energy fluctuations slowly fell silent, but the Wucheng at this time was beyond recognition!

In the past, the huge Wucheng building lost most of it in this terrifying explosion. One of Mueller's arms was also melted by the flame. Wu Huan had already injured the source, and the injury was not yet healed, and he encountered such a powerful explosion. , was also damaged by this terrifying explosion, and the Soul Deacon, Murray, and the Lord of Wucheng were all injured to varying degrees!

The terrifying power of this fire lotus can be seen by hurting a four-star Dou Di strong man or even a five-star Dou Di strong man!

Above the sky, a figure stared viciously into the distance, and then spit it out word by word.

"Xiao Yan's little bastard!"

"The revenge of killing a son is never shared!"

Ask for a ticket~