Chapter Vol 4 1595: 1 and a half Buddha Fury Lotus!

"Why do all this useless work?"

"Since I, Xiao Yan, dare to come, then I have the pride that belongs to me."

"Feng Jie, accept your life!" Xiao Yan sneered, facing Feng Jie's plan, he was dismissive, and he came today with a very clear purpose, Tu Zong, save Xiao Gui.

"You're still stubborn when you're about to die."

"Array, Qingyun covers the immortal formation!" Seeing this, Feng Jie slowly stepped back.

"Boom!" At the same time, the energy in this mountain peak and the sky suddenly became violent. After a while, an invisible energy barrier completely imprisoned Xiao Yan. This energy was full of energy. With a very tyrannical repressive force, if it is allowed to be used, it will probably have a considerable impact on Xiao Yan.

"If that's the case... let's destroy it." Xiao Yan casually glanced away, finding that even if Qing Yunkun fell, these guys didn't have any intention of stopping, and immediately laughed.

"Something seems to be waking up in this guy's body..."

"What a tyrannical fluctuation." Feng Jie, who was hiding in the dark, noticed that Xiao Yan was wrapped in the formation, without any hesitation, and even the power in his body became more tyrannical.

"Crash!" The next moment, within Xiao Yan's body, the fiery-red Great Heavenly Seed Scarlet Flame and the khaki-colored Fire Heart Heavenly Rock slowly emerged from the body.

"Two flames?"

"Holy Flame and Great Heavenly Seed?"

"How is that possible?" The sneer on Feng Jie's cheeks disappeared when he saw Xiao Yan's body flickering with two extraordinarily bright flames.

At his level, in the late stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals, it is possible to know how huge the increase of holy flame and the domain is for a person.

"Little bastard... This time, you're dead!" Looking at Xiao Yan, who was slowly rising into the air, and the two-color flames were constantly dancing and intertwining, Feng Jie left here directly and headed towards the depths of Qingyun Pavilion. He knew that, The power that Xiao Yan is using now is probably not something he can handle.

"Feng Jie!"

"Where to run!" Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power naturally locked Feng Jie all the time. Seeing that he wanted to escape, he directly bound him.

According to the information returned by the soul clone just now, Feng Jie was the culprit in defeating Xiao Gui, so Xiao Yan would not let him off easily no matter what.

"What power is this?"

"Damn it!" Feng Jie had just retreated, but was completely bound by Xiao Yan's viscous soul force like a tide.

"Fire Heart Tianyan, with fire as power and rock as defense."

"The Great Heavenly Seed Scarlet Flame, the King of Flames, a thousand miles of molten lava, no grass grows."

"Bloom." A slight voice slowly appeared in this violent space, and in the palm of Xiao Yan's palm, two flames filled with abnormally violent energy slowly appeared.

"Are you crazy?" Feng Jie lost his voice when he felt the dazzling flame full of destructive fluctuations from the sky.

The increase of a Great Celestial Seed is enough to make the same level four-star Dou Xian early stage and four-star Dou Xian mid-stage tyrannical battle, and the power of Holy Flame is enough to make it fight across two levels, but if the two are added together, then The terrifying blessing, even Feng Jie was extremely heartbroken.

What is even more exaggerated is that this Great Heavenly Seed and Saint Flame exist at the same time, which makes people jealous. The most serious thing is that Xiao Yan actually took out the source of the two directly. Looking at this battle, he actually wanted to put the two together. Its fusion!

Even in Feng Jie's experience, he had never heard of the fusion of these two forces.

"Boom!" As Xiao Yan accelerated the fusion speed, many of the Qingyun Pavilion disciples who were in charge of the formation were easily defeated by the dazzling power of Xiao Yan's two-color flame.

"This is... the devil." Falling to the ground powerless, these Qingyun Pavilion's guard disciples couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan in the sky who was carrying out a mysterious attack on his own, and said.

In the past, their Qingyun Pavilion's sect great formation, but they had resisted the powerhouse of the four-star Dou Xian perfection level, would be defeated by a mere four-star Dou Xian early stage guy.

"Zi la la!" The dazzling soul power locked Feng Jie, and Xiao immediately poured all his power into Fen Jue, and immediately controlled the fusion of the two powers.

"One-color and half-colored Buddha's wrath fire lotus!" After a few short breaths, Xiao Yan's pupils were filled with an indescribable chilling meaning, in addition to the flickering earth floating in the void in front of his chest Exquisite lotus seeds of yellow and fiery red are quietly emerging.

The exquisite lotus seed is full of a powerful force that destroys the sky and the earth, causing the void around it to collapse, but this seems to be only a finger-sized lotus seed, and the power contained in it may be enough to obliterate the four-star bucket. The powerhouse of the late immortal stage!

"Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus!"

"go!"

"Xuuuu!" Under the control of Xiao Yan, the lotus seeds roared away directly at the location of Feng Jie below, like a wild horse running away!

"Boom!" First locked by the power of the soul, now Feng Jie is obviously too late to try to escape, he can only show his vindictiveness and make a final resistance to this Buddha's anger lotus. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

But Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus is Xiao Yan's strongest ultimate move created by the fusion of different fires on the Dou Qi continent. Now, according to the familiar line of exercises, the power is increased exponentially. The fire is replaced, and the power is naturally much more tyrannical Die! "Xiao Yan looked at Feng Jie below indifferently and sneered.

"Asshole **** bastard!"

"The Spirit of Earth and Rock!"

"Rock Crystal Wall Shield!" In an instant, with Xiao Yan's devastating blow, dazzling flames shot out and swept the entire Qingyun Peak. At this time, the face of this Qingyun Peak was shocked by Xiao Yanfo. The wrathful lotus was completely destroyed, revealing only one side of the rather barren land. As for the avenue stairs and the trees around the stairs, they were instantly submerged in the wrathful lotus of half Buddha.

"Does it have a rock attribute with extremely strong defensive power?"

"However, today, no one can save you, so die!" The corners of Xiao Yan's eyes became red, and the strength of his body tilted down, directly pouring into the Buddha's anger.

"Boom!" A thunderous roar, rendering endless sadness, and this mountain peak was beyond recognition at this time.

"Hey... Xiao Yan, this guy is still too young." Outside of Qingyun Peak, the old ghost of Earth Spirit and Headmaster Luo were adding Luo Menglan.

"But without the blood in his body, who would dare to do this." Qiqi's novel was first published on the Internet

"It's time to change the legal system of this Earth Spirit Academy." The Earth Spirit Old Ghost spoke slowly, his voice filled with a touch of relief.

"If it's for him, we will start a war in the spiritual courtyard of the underground courtyard?" Luo Zhangjiao asked Zaidu.

"No matter what."

"And after this trip, it's time for us to retire..."

"So this time, let's go crazy with this kid!" On the old skin of the old ghost, a burst of blood suddenly appeared, and even at the same time, the blood that had long since dried up became boiling. , but Luo Menglan slowly left them and walked towards the battle center. I don't know if the two did it on purpose or...