Chapter Vol 4 1301: Frozen blood!

"Tsk tsk..."

"I can't tell that it's still a hard bone." Bingling looked at the cyan eagle that whistled, and couldn't help but feel a heavy feeling in his heart. After all, this rain only came from a small Yecheng, Yecheng and their thunder Compared with the eight major forces in the city, they are insignificant, so it is natural to underestimate the enemy.

Originally, I just wanted to disturb Yu Ran Ran's mind just by making a statement, but how could I have imagined that this woman was not disturbed by her own smoke, and it was such a tyrannical attack when she made a direct attack.

"Heavenly Ice Shield!" Bingling didn't dare to underestimate Yu Ran Ran's attack, the milky white battle qi slowly emerged, and in an instant, ten defensive shields composed of ice were placed around his body!

The vindictiveness of the wind attribute has an extremely tyrannical speed, which is unmatched by other attributes, but also, if used properly, the terrifying speed of the wind attribute can also become a real killing move.

Obviously, Yu Ran's understanding and application of wind attributes have reached a very high level.

"Boom!" The cyan eagle showed no mercy, the terrifying eagle cries continued to echo, and the eagle claws whizzed away directly at the ice mausoleum!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang bang bang!" The ice mausoleum was allowed to set up ten ice defenses, and eight of them were directly destroyed, which completely resisted the energy of the blue eagle.

"This woman is so strong." A group of people outside the venue watched Bingling fall into a disadvantage and couldn't help but look at each other.

Bingling is a disciple of the Ice Soul Hall today, and his strength and talent may not be comparable to that of a small leaf city, but the fact is right in front of them, and they cannot bear to believe it!

"This woman is not simple." Liu Qing, who was outside the field, said directly. With her eyes, she was able to detect the sharp aura on Yu Ran Ran's body.

"It's very strong."

"However, the strength of this ice mausoleum is far more than that." Du Qifei also laughed. As the daughter of the sword-forging Thunder Valley, she naturally played against the younger generation of the eight major forces and knew their power.

"Tsk tsk..."

"It seems that I really underestimate you." With a wave of his hand, he directly dissipated the remaining two icy defenses, and then looked at the rain with gloomy eyes, as if he wanted to make the rain go away. Eating quickly.

"You look down on me, but you will pay a very painful price." Yu Ran Ran stood slightly high in the sky and said.

"Don't worry, you are worthy of my all-out efforts, I believe you won't let me down!" After Bingling finished speaking, the milky white ice-attribute aura suddenly filled his body!

With the permeation of this breath, the temperature in the entire mountain range suddenly dropped a little, and even the rain felt a chill.

"Are you serious..." Yu Ran Ran also put aside her other thoughts and prepared to deal with Bingling wholeheartedly. After all, this guy gave him extremely tyrannical oppression.

"Feel the blood of the ice!" A roar emerged directly from the mouth of the ice mausoleum, and then a special power slowly appeared in the entire mountain range.

Even above the body of the ice mausoleum, a milky white light slowly emerged, and on the milky white light, there was actually a trace of a mysterious rune that was quite obscure!

Under this mysterious rune, Yu Ran Ran suddenly felt a deep chill from the land of ice for ten thousand years!

"Damn... the Dou Qi in the body is out of control, and the speed of calling has become slower!" As the ice mausoleum unleashed her icy bloodline, the wind attribute Dou Qi in Yu Ran Ran's body seemed to be temporarily imprisoned and sealed, and the mobilization was quite difficult. for sluggishness.

"This idiot actually used the Frost Bloodline so early." Outside the arena, Mu Xiao of Mu Pavilion couldn't help but curse in a low voice.

"The power of blood?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pupils could not help shrinking suddenly. Obviously, this was the first time he had seen such a thing.

"It is indeed the power of blood, but to be precise, it is not the power of blood." At this time, Liu Qing's two daughters came directly to Xiao Yan, and Liu Qing said.

"That's a special training method, equivalent to fighting skills, and it can exist for a limited time."

"If the real power of blood is released, I am afraid that the entire thunder world will be affected." Liu Qing explained.

"I see." Xiao Yan nodded in surprise when he heard this.

But the next moment, he was also curiously looking forward to the clan lines on his forehead.

Since the power of the bloodline can be used as a battle, then with the blessing of the power of the bloodline and the line of the clan, the combat power is probably comparable to that of a demon, but now is obviously not the time to think about it.

"Little beauty."

"Although my ice bloodline is not complete, it only lasts for one minute, but in this minute, my ice attribute will be infinitely amplified, and your wind attribute will be infinitely suppressed. It's enough to clean up you." Bingling laughed.

The laughter just fell, and in the space, ice fragments emerged straight out, and then blasted away at the rain.

"Not good!" Seeing the sharp ice shards attacking there, Yu Ran Ran was also like a formidable enemy, and rolled over and headed towards the bottom of the mountain.

There are many trees and rocks in the mountains, which can buy you a lot of time.

"Where to run!" Seeing that Yu Ran Ran didn't fight him head-on, Bing Ling couldn't help but said angrily.

"Bang bang bang!" The ice shards flew into the air and hit the void, causing a crack in the void But the crack was healed in an instant, obviously this competitive mountain range was blessed with special power.

"This guy actually practiced the bloodline skill." Yu Ran Ran ran while thinking about how to solve it.

Bloodline skill, this is a quite superior fighting skill, it can volatilize a certain bloodline power through fighting skill, thus restricting the opponent. To a certain extent, it can also be regarded as a similar field.

Many tyrannical forces do not have complete bloodline power. Only those ancient races, or tyrannical races that have lasted for tens of thousands of years, retain the purest bloodline power!

And the purest power of blood, if it is exerted, is enough to destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

"It's over with one blow." Seemingly tired of this cat-and-mouse game, Bingling raised his hands gently, and in the entire mountain range, milky-white ice-attribute energy continued to converge towards each other. Become a huge giant spear, above the giant spear, a wave of death that destroys all things slowly spreads out.

"The technique of the wind, the thousand shadows swirl to kill!" However, Yu Ran saw this, and stopped moving, the figure slowly lifted into the air, a trace of cyan energy suddenly formed a cyan vortex in front of him, and then two terrifying attacks were brewing. .

"Kill me!"

"Fall for me!" Two voices, accompanied by two tyrannical vindictive fluctuations, slowly radiated out, and then suddenly attacked together.

Just as the two had just made contact, a shrill and piercing wind rang out continuously.

Who will end up in such a terrifying battle!