Chapter Vol 2 820: Yin and Yang Mysterious Iron Mother!

"Yangxuan Iron Mother?" Xiao Yan's eyes were fixed on the thing that glowed with faint blue light on the rockery in front of him. The shock in his tone seemed to be no less than the discovery of Holy Flame!

"I didn't expect it to be the yang mysterious iron mother among the yin and yang mysterious iron mothers."

"This thing is said to be the best material for forging magical weapons. It is said that this material has been lost for many years. I can't think of it being encountered by me now."

"With this thing, I'm afraid I can strengthen the ancient ruler of the different fire eternal."

"And the Broken Immortal Sword that was given to Mu Yingying before can also be fully recovered!"

"However, if it is farther away from the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother, I am afraid it is the real treasure. If it is only the Yang Xuan Iron Mother, the weapons created will be missing something."

"But this is enough." Xiao Yan said excitedly.

Below Xiao Yan, is a rockery. The rockery is about tens of meters in size, and the rockery does not know where it is connected.

But at this time, the entrance to the spring was blocked by the fist-sized Yangxuan iron mother, so this spring of life and death fell into ruin.

"No, it shouldn't be that simple here."

"According to the character of the vicious old monster, it is absolutely impossible not to discover this thing."

"Even if he doesn't know the purpose of this thing, I think he will definitely open the blocked entrance for the sake of his life and death, but why didn't he open the door?"

"Could it be that there is something in this place that he actually has?" Xiao Yan just wanted to reach out to get Yangxuan Iron Mother, but he held back his hand vigilantly and thought.

After thinking about it, Xiao Yan glanced over here.

This is already the bottom of the spring water, and there is no way to go downstream, and Xiao Yan's soul force also told himself that the rockery and the reef are already linked together, I am afraid it is unrealistic to break it.

"Fairy Moonlight said that holy flames are needed to repair the spring eye. Could it be that the vicious old monster didn't break the entrance, it has something to do with Holy Flame?" The next moment, Fairy Moonlight's words echoed in Xiao Yan's mind, and he immediately spoke out. road.

"Try it." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and he immediately summoned the fiery red Saint Flame Crystal directly.

With the summoning of the Holy Flame Crystal, the temperature at the bottom of the spring suddenly rose suddenly, and there was a faint trace of the temperature of the hot spring.

"Holy Yan, come out!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, but his eyes did not leave Yangxuan Tiemu.

And with the appearance of the khaki holy flame, the bottom of the spring also became brighter.

"Sure enough, the entrance was blocked by Yangxuan Tiemu." Using the light of the holy flame, Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that the entrance the size of Quanyan's palm was indeed blocked by Yangxuan Tiemu.

And the Yangxuan Iron Mother, a blob of cyan, lay quietly at the entrance.

"Sheng Yan, go!" Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and directly controlled Sheng Yan to go towards the spring.

"Shabu Shabu!" Even if Sheng Yan was terrifying, his strength was greatly reduced at the bottom of this spring, but now he didn't care about it at all, and went straight to the spring.

If you want to solve the problem of life and death in Yiquan, I am afraid you must first solve this Yang Xuantie.

"Hey..." Xiao Yan's holy flame power just touched Yangxuan Iron Mother, and Xiao Yan suddenly let out a doubt.

Because of the perception of the naked eye and the power of the soul, Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that the group of holy flames that had just gone towards the Yangxuan Iron Mother had disappeared?

Disappeared without a trace?

And this reality is when he touches the Yangxuan Iron Mother.

"what's the situation?"

"Yangxuan iron mother will also swallow fire?" Xiao Yan had never heard of the statement that Yangxuan iron mother would also swallow fire.

Yangxuan Iron Mother is the best choice for casting magical weapons. If it is matched with Yin Xuan Iron Mother and Yin Yang Xuan Iron Mother to forge weapons, the forged weapons will probably be enough to rank in the top ten of the Immortal Weapon List!

This is the horror of the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother.

However, Xiao Yan remembered that the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother lived in the bottomless yin and cold zone since ancient times, and the two are not too far apart.

"I hope Mu Yingying can have Yin Xuan Iron Mother over there." Xiao Yan smiled slightly and retreated randomly to observe Yang Xuan Iron Mother, who absorbed the power of his own holy flame.

Since Yangxuan Tiemu devoured Xiao Yan's holy flame, it seems that the faint cyan light has evolved into the earthy yellow color of holy flame, and the holy flame seems to jump up and down in Yangxuan Tiemu.

"My holy flame is not so delicious." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile.

"Puff puff!" After a while, Xiao Yan's holy flame power flew out of Yang Xuan Tie Mu in an instant.

"Since you want to swallow, then swallow more." The next moment, the holy flame crystal above Xiao Yan's palm exuded a more dazzling khaki color, and the holy flame suddenly poured out of Xiao Yan's body, and immediately Go towards Yangxuan Iron Mother.

"Gulugulu!" Yangxuan Tiemu seemed to be afraid of the power of the khaki holy flame, and the entrance that only firmly wrapped the spring's eyes suddenly loosened a little.

"There's a show!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't stop, took out a lot of medicinal pills, and then went directly to Yangxuan Iron Mother, trying to consume it alive!

On the other side, Mu Yingying was also in exactly the same situation as Xiao Yan.

"What kind of guy is this?" Mu Yingying was covered in azure-blue holy flames, and immediately came to the spring, but she was exactly the same as Xiao Yan, and saw a group of black-blue things about the size of a fist blocking the entrance.

"It turned out that this thing blocked the entrance." Seeing this, Mu Yingying couldn't help but whisper.

If Xiao Yan were here, he would have known this thing, and this thing would be the Yin Xuan Iron Mother!

Together with Yang Xuan Iron Mother, they form Yin Yang Xuan Iron Mother, which is the best material for truly refining magic weapons.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"what……"

"How can this thing absorb my power?" Mu Yingying turned towards the Yinxuan Iron Mother with her jade hand, trying to remove this thing, but she didn't expect the sudden change.

"Bastard!" At the next moment, Mu Yingying only felt that the power in her body was rapidly draining It seemed that this mysterious iron mother was absorbing her power continuously.

"Stop it for me!" Mu Yingying knew that something would happen if it continued like this, so her face became serious and she let out a coquettish cry.

However, no matter what Mu Yingying does, the power in her body will continue to flow out.

"Sheng Yan, come out!" The next moment, Mu Yingying forcibly restrained the feeling of weakness and said.

However, just after the azure blue holy flame appeared, Mu Yingying's pupils quickly turned into azure blue, and even the breath of her body was not holy, but a strange greed.

"Hehe, I see how long you can hold on."

"I think it's a little funny when I think that the holy flame will be swallowed by a holy flame spirit."

"Actually, you and your brother had the strength of fighting immortals and chose to convert to human beings. This is a wrong choice."

"Your strength is too weak after converting to human, you still want to seal me?"

"Humans are too greedy after all. If other people know your identity, I'm afraid your situation will be extremely bad."

"Especially, that..."

"The guy who has practiced Fen Jue."

"I wonder how surprised he will be when he knows your true identity."

"Am I right, my master, the source of holy flame."

"Hahaha." Mu Yingying with azure pupils suddenly laughed strangely.

Ask for tickets!