Chapter Vol 2 718: The last one!

Zai returned to the Burning Incense Pavilion.

In the Burning Incense Pavilion, the Earth Team and the Human Hall 2 Detachment, which had entered the Tongtian River to cultivate the cave, had all left Tongtianhe except for Xiao Yan.

After all, although Tongtianhe is good, the terrifying suppression in it is not easy to bear.

This trip to Tongtianhe, it can be said that most people have benefited a lot.

First of all, Mu Feng and Lvdi, the two of them broke through the six-star Dou Di, and the vitality in their bodies has reached the seventh rank. I am afraid that few people in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion have achieved it.

And the strength of several others has also made great progress.

Among them, the second apprentice brother of the Earth Hall, Zhu Yuan, had already reached the level of a half-step Seven-Star Dou Emperor before entering, and now, after coming out, he has completely set foot on the Seven-Star Dou Emperor.

The third senior brother Zhang Wumeng of the Earth Hall, the Six-Star Dou Emperor was consummated, and he will still be the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation after he came out. After all, the threshold of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor is not so easy to touch. Although he knows it himself, he is more or less in his heart. care.

The fourth senior brother of the Didian, Xingyu, and the late six-star Dou Emperor, have now broken through to the level of the six-star Dou emperor's perfection. As for the fifth senior brother, Wang Chen, his strength has also broken through the late six-star Dou emperor's level, and Lingxuan's strength has also broken through to the level of the late six-star Dou emperor. Late Six Star Dou Di.

Qinxin's strength has reached the late six-star Dou Emperor. After all, she is the disciple of Qing Lao, the deputy head of the Tiandian Temple. As for Mu Yingying's strength, she has also risen to the late six-star Dou Emperor. This is three levels in a row. When he came out, he shocked a lot of people, but fortunately he had holy flame on his body, and with the protection of Mu Xuzi, no one said much.

"It's been more than a month, why hasn't Xiao Yan come out yet?" In the ground hall, there is a different courtyard. This is the place where the brothers and sisters usually talk and rest. At this time, many disciples have gathered here, among them Several of them are the senior brothers in the Hall of Earth.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It was Wang Chen who spoke up.

"It's been a month. I remember that since the establishment of our Fenxiang Pavilion, there have been many people who have entered the Tongtianhe ninth-level cultivation cave, but the highest one has only stayed for twenty days. This Xiao Yan has now It's been thirty days, and there's still no movement, so what's going on?" Xingyu on the side opened his mouth slightly, with a little extreme in his voice, obviously he didn't hold much hope for Xiao Yan.

"Probably not. He must have his confidence when he entered the ninth-level cultivation cave." Hearing this, Lingxuan's beautiful big eyes flickered slightly. , If it is as Xingyu said, obviously it is impossible.

When Lingxuan entered Luoling Mountain, she teamed up with Xiao Yan. As for Xiao Yan, she didn't know what the purpose was, but Lingxuan always knew that this guy was no match for him.

And the reason why this guy chose to enter the strongest ninth-level cultivation cave must be confident.

"Okay, don't guess, everyone, let's go back to practice, and the ruins will be opened soon."

"This is the last trial in the sect competition." Ling Xuan said with a smile.

Ling Xuan had just finished speaking, and the rest of Wang Chen and Xingyu had a fiery look in their eyes.

Five months left!

The ruins will appear.

There were already all kinds of legends in the ruins, which made everyone look forward to it.

"I hope that kid is alright. After coming out of Tongtianhe, my strength has improved to a higher level, and I want to compete with him." After Wang Chen finished speaking, he slowly left here.

Five Bamboo Residences.

"It's been a month?"

"Xiao Yan hasn't come out yet, so there must be something wrong, right?" Mu Feng said slightly, very worried about Xiao Yan.

He and Green Flute entered the Tongtian River. If it wasn't for the thing Xiao Yan gave, it would obviously be extremely difficult to break through the Six-Star Dou Di.

"He should be fine, I can feel his strength is slowly increasing." Mu Yingying on the side hesitated.

"Hope." Green Flute also prayed for the first.

After a short conversation, they returned to their own residence to practice. After all, their strength has just improved, and they are still familiar with it.

"Tsk tsk tsk, this little guy is not easy."

"It's been a month, and there's still no news?" A slightly shocked voice sounded slowly, and the speaker was Mu Xuzi.

As Xiao Yan, as the strongest person in the Hall of Fenxiang Pavilion, Mu Xuzi naturally needs to take more care of him.

"This Xiao Yan...isn't anything going to happen?" Xiong Yuan, who was beside him, was also a little worried.

"how?"

"It's just that there are some enchanting-level disciples in your hall, and our hall can't do it?" Mu Xuzi suddenly looked at Xiong Yuan coldly when he heard the words.

"Hehe, Mu Xuzi, what kind of flower are you? After so many years of friendship, I will still be jealous of your failure to become a human palace?"

"If there is a real evildoer-level disciple in your Human Palace, I will be too happy." Xiong Yuan said immediately after seeing Mu Xuzi's complexion change.

"And you should also know that all the training caves from Tongtianhe level 1 to 9 are open. Why does Zhu Yuan, who is as powerful as the half-step seven-star Dou Di, only dare to choose the eighth-level cultivation cave?" Xiong Yuan poured a pot to the happy Mu Xuzi Cold water poured down.

"Shouldn't be..."

"Mu Yingying's girl just came out of the ninth-level cultivation cave, how could it be..." Listening to his good brother for many years, Mu Xuziye realized that something was wrong.

"Mu Yingying?"

"That guy has the power of holy flames Although I don't know very well, but I think that her surge of strength this time has three levels in a row, I am afraid it has something to do with the holy flames in her body, otherwise I will But I have never heard that Tongtianhe can break through three levels." Xiong Yuan gave Mu Xuzi a slow analysis.

"Although there are extremely powerful treasures in the ninth-level cultivation cave, I believe that no one knows better than you, right?" Xiong Yuan said.

When Mu Xuzi heard this, his eyes suddenly turned black.

Tongtianhe cultivated in the ninth-level cave, and Mu Xuzi went in once when he was young. At that time, Mu Xuzi's strength had reached the real Seven Star Dou Emperor, but he was still relieved by the terrifying pressure in the ninth-level cultivation cave.

The ninth-level cultivation cave is extremely mysterious, and there is no pressure just entering it, but the closer you get to the treasure, the greater the pressure. According to Mu Xuzi's estimation, I am afraid that it has the level of an eight-star Dou Emperor!

"Ugh……"

"I hope that guy is creating a miracle."

"After all, he was the number one who killed the twin ghost emperors at the beginning. Now, the time spent in the ninth-level cultivation hole has surpassed countless generations of Fenxiangge disciples."

"Xiao Yan, don't let us down." After Mu Xuzi finished speaking, his eyes slowly became hot.

"I also think this kid doesn't seem to be that simple." For some unknown reason, Xiong Yuan also had an inexplicable expectation for Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!