Chapter 628: Tranquility before the start of the team game

The three days passed quickly in Mu Yingying's tribulation. Xiao Yan and the others left the back mountain and went to the place where the team competition gathered. The place where the team competition gathered was already in dire straits.

"Hey, hey, have you heard of it?"

"what?"

"It's the Temple of Heaven."

"It is said that in the Temple of Heaven, there will be five people who will participate in the competition. I am afraid that everyone knows the strength of the Temple of Heaven. If they participate, they will undoubtedly be the champions."

"But for some unknown reason in this team competition, the Heavenly Palace suddenly announced its withdrawal, leaving only the Human Palace and our Earth Palace. This is really strange."

"What are you, I heard that all the named disciples in the Hall of People are approved to participate in this team competition." Below the Burning Incense Pavilion, the Fentian Territory, thousands of disciples kept talking.

"Hehe, what do you guys think of Xiao Yan's strength?" In the crowd, a man in commoner clothes smiled slowly, and every time he mentioned Xiao Yan, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

This person was obviously Li Ji, one of the three leaders among the 128 named disciples that Xiao Yan and the five fought against when they first joined the Hall of Humanity.

"Hey, Li Ji, have you forgotten Xiao Yan's tyranny, the courage to challenge us named disciples was unparalleled." Beside Li Ji in commoner clothes, a large man smiled slowly.

"Humph."

"Li Zi, don't forget the pain without the scar."

"I seem to remember that you were miserable back then." Li Ji's expression was unmoved when she heard the words.

But everyone could see that no matter how Li Ji and Li Zi quarreled, it didn't affect them in any way. Obviously, the relationship between the three was very unusual.

These three people are the three strongest named disciples in the Hall of People!

Li Ji, now his strength has reached the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Di!

Li Zi, does she represent pure power, and her strength has also reached the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor!

As for the first Zilian among the named disciples, he has reached the terrifying level of five-star Dou Emperor Consummation!

"Haha, I am looking forward to Xiao Yan's strength."

"A few days ago, I heard that this kid actually defeated Wang Chen in the underground palace, which is so relieved." Li Zi said to himself.

"This kid is quite terrifying. At the beginning, his strength was only that of a four-star Dou Di, which made us uncomfortable. Now his strength is probably even more terrifying." Zi Lian swept through the crowd, but did not find any Xiao Yan. Some of the figures are just the disciples of the Earth Palace who are constantly cheering. As for the disciples of the Human Palace, there are probably only one or two hundred people.

"Wang Chen's strength is in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. This Xiao Yan can defeat him so easily. It means that this kid must have had some adventures in the five years since he left the Hall of Humanity. Otherwise, it is impossible to defeat Wang Chen." Li Ji is pacing.

"But I have to say that this kid is the pride of our Human Palace." Zi Lian said, and immediately went to comfort the named disciple behind.

"Did you make a mistake? The team competition and the dry man competition are clearly the prosperous times of our Burning Incense Pavilion. How can some registered disciples be allowed to participate?"

"What the **** is going on in this sect?" In the underground hall, some disciples were extremely dissatisfied.

Because even though there are thousands of disciples in the Temple of Earth, there are only a few dozen who truly possess tyrannical strength.

"The little witch is here." I don't know who said a word in the crowd, and the noisy crowd immediately quieted down, and then everyone retreated one way.

"Ugh……"

"It's really embarrassing, but who would know that Xiao Yan's strength was hidden so deeply." Beside the little witch Lingxuan, Wang Chen smiled slowly, because with his strength, it was naturally not ugly. The disciples from the underground hall around him were somewhat dissatisfied with him.

"Senior Brother Fifth, let's go." The little witch walked in without regard to the disciples of the Earth Palace.

"what……"

"Why didn't you see Xiao Yan in the Hall of Humanity?" The little witch had just arrived at the front of Burning Heaven Territory, and immediately looked around, as if she was looking for something.

Just as the little witch was searching slowly, there was a sudden movement among the poor registered disciples of the Human Palace, and then several familiar figures slowly came to Li Ji's side.

"Hehe, isn't this Senior Brother Li Ji?" Mu Feng had just arrived and greeted Li Ji warmly.

Mu Feng and the others didn't look down on them just because they were named disciples, but admired them even more.

Because Mu Feng knew that this named disciple was far more difficult than the official disciple.

"You... just three people?" Li Ji glanced around and found that there were only three people who came in, so he hesitated for a while.

"My eldest brother is on his way." Xiao Yi explained.

Relying on the special connection between Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi knew for a long time that Xiao Yan and the others were on their way to successfully overcome the calamity, but this Burning Incense Pavilion above Huashan was forbidden, so it was a waste of time.

"Your strength..." The next moment, the silent Zi Lian suddenly said in surprise.

Because Zi Lian knew clearly that the strength of the three people in front of him was only the level of a four-star Dou Di before entering the Hall of People. Now their strength actually makes Zi Lian feel powerless.

"Hehe." Mu Feng smiled slowly but did not speak.

"By the way, how is the team competition going?" The green flute on the side said slightly.

Just as the green flute spoke, Li Ji paused for a while, because Li Ji and the others were quite afraid of the venom of the green flute.

"Have you seen the garden platform above Burning Heaven?"

"The rules of the team competition will be explained here in a while." Li Ji said slowly to the three of Xiao Yi.

"I don't know why, but I always feel cold in my heart Xiaoyi doesn't know why, but she always feels that something is going to happen today.

"Where are the people from the Heavenly Palace?" Xiao Yi glanced around and found that there were only people from their Human Palace and Earth Palace, and immediately opened her mouth slightly.

"The people from the Heavenly Palace heard that they were sent out on a mission, so this time, only our Human Palace and Earth Palace will be in the team competition."

"According to my estimation, I think there should be hundreds of participating teams in our second hall." Zi Lian said solemnly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hundreds of sticks?" When Xiao Yi heard the words, she suddenly felt that something was wrong.

In their Human Palace, even with the addition of named disciples, there will be no more than ten teams participating in the competition. That is to say, more than 90% of this team competition will be disciples of the Earth Palace.

"There is no way to do this. Who will let us have the least number of disciples in the Hall of Humanity?"

"But you don't need to worry too much. After all, this is a five-player team competition, and it has nothing to do with others, and the rules of the team this time have not been clearly defined." Zi Lian seemed to see Xiao Yi's worry. Speak now.

"It seems that this temple is bound to win the championship." Xiao Yi slowly stared at the disciples of the temple not far away, and found that there was fire in their eyes.

"Quiet." Just as everyone was discussing, an old man slowly walked out of the garden platform above Burning Heaven. The old man's hungry voice echoed in everyone's mind like a thunderous thunder.

Ask for tickets!