Chapter Vol 4 1706: Level 1, weird puppets!

"So... where are we going now?" After a brief hesitation, You Er was also out of ideas for a while, and hurriedly asked, Xiao Yan has the power of the Holy Flame after all, and the Lord of the Soul also has Acacia Brokenheart inflammation in the hands , so You Er temporarily handed over the decision to Xiao Yan.

"Wait, you said there are only two locations. These two locations are located in the north and south of the building on the map, but isn't there a red mark in the center? What's going on..." Xiao Yan wondered.

"I don't know, but when the teacher gave me this map, she clearly instructed me not to go to that location in the center of the building."

"Because where... ten deaths have no life." The soft voice contained some kind of special magic.

"Ten dead have no life?" Xiao Yan heard the words and wanted to ask more, but seeing You Er's solemn expression, he immediately muttered to himself.

"Go to the south first, we are very close to the south now." After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan decided.

Since there are only two places that could be the hiding place of the Lord of Souls, then it is possible to find it, but it will waste more time. However, Xiao Yan is still extremely afraid of the red mark in the center of the building. Yan's clan pattern is very eager for something.

"The periphery of the West Temple is basically a place where some idle people live, but the inside of the Temple is different, because the people living here are all powerful people with status and status, so you see, the buildings on this map are ." You Er continued.

"Beside the building, there are small lattices. These small lattices are separate houses. The houses are the habitats of these powerhouses. If we say that, our current position is three more from the southernmost. Grid room, six in the center, ten in the far north..."

"I hope the luck won't be too bad." Xiao Yan prayed silently in his heart, but unfortunately things backfired. What is often the most afraid of, it always comes.

"Hush." ​​Putting away the map, the two continued to face the dark space.

"This stone gate, because this is where some strong people live, so the guards are quite lax." The two came to a huge stone gate, and immediately opened their mouths.

"How strong?" Xiao Yan said tentatively.

"The strength will not exceed the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals." You Er said flatly.

"If that's the case, then I can rest assured." Xiao Yan nodded.

"However, the minimum strength is not lower than that of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. The guy who can live in a separate space inside the temple, if it is not superior in strength, or has a unique skill." You Er whispered.

"It's all here, you can't go back empty-handed, let's go!" Without any hesitation, Xiao Yan was fully armed, always prepared to make the worst plan, and gently walked towards the stone gate in front of him.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan's palm lifted slightly, and the stone door was pushed open out of thin air, and the stone door only opened a gap, and the two figures of Xiao Yan were included in it, and it was immediately closed.

"Hee hee, it's been a long time since the little guy came to me... This time someone finally came here, and I can't let them go." Just when Xiao Yan and the two had just entered the stone gate, a light-hearted voice appeared. The voice sounded slowly.

"What's going on?" Being directly included by Shimen, Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered as darkness filled Xiao Yan's line of sight.

"This should be the first level marked to the south, be careful." You Er was at a loss for a while, so he could only be vigilant.

"Weng Om Om!" After the breath, a khaki flame emerged from the palm of Xiao Yan's hand, and immediately lit up the entire room.

Looking around, this is actually a rather strange space. In the space, a dazzling array of crystal test tubes appeared, and even colorful liquids filled the sight of Xiao Yan and the two of them. The crystal coffin stood upright in front of the two of them. In the coffin, there were obviously some human skeletons, some of which had been dried, and some were fresh corpses as if they had just died. The atmosphere in this house, Invariably raised to a rather terrifying realm.

"Gulu." Looking at the scene in front of them, if it wasn't for the fact that the two of them were extremely able to bear in their hearts, they would have lost their minds in fright in an instant. So many skeletons and corpses, and so many liquids, are enough to show that there should be something going on here. Unknown secret.

"This is from your Soul Academy..." Xiao Yan turned his head and asked, these things were obviously a trick of the Soul Academy.

"These things are indeed the equipment we need to use in our Soul Academy's research projects, but why are they here?"

"And the subject of our research has not directly touched human bones or corpses. Something is wrong here." After a while, You Er looked alert.

"Hey, little baby." Just as the two hesitated, a strange voice emerged.

"Who is it?" Hearing this creepy voice, Xiao Yan and You'er both back to back at the same time, looking around vigilantly.

"..." After a glance, the two did not find the source of the sound.

"Illusion?" You Er asked in confusion.

"It's not an illusion, it's a strong person who specializes in cultivating the power of the soul." Xiao Yan shook his head, and the khaki-colored holy flames were thrown directly into the sky, forming a round of radiant sun that illuminated the entire space.

"Pimples." At this moment a puppet figure like a porcelain doll was actually suspended at the top of the room, with a fiery radiance from its pupils, and its eyes fixed on Xiao Yan. , a greedy smell emerged.

"Master Xuanyue?" Looking at the puppet that stood upside down on the top of the house like a porcelain doll, You Er suddenly lost his voice.

"Whoa!"

"Be careful!" There was no sound, no movement, but the puppet figure was like a runaway horse, its speed skyrocketed, and it fell directly from the top of the house, shooting towards You Er.

"Soul skill, Lingxi!" Although You Er was surprised to see the seniors in the Soul Court here, he did not forget his own situation. When the puppet was about to attack him, the dazzling soul power was like a small stream. Usually around his body, forming a very bright house shield.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the puppet's soaring speed and destructive power directly hit You'er's defense, and immediately froze in midair.

"Retreat!" Seeing You Er's face was extremely ugly, Xiao Yan also knew how huge the energy contained in this puppet's small body, and directly pulled You Er to the ground.

"Xiao Er... is that you?" After a short stay, the puppet was like a machine, slowly twisting his forehead, and then called out to the place where You Er was. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network.

"Master Xuanyue." Listening to the puppet's shout, You'er's psychological defense line collapsed, his body shook, and the dazzling soul power instantly dissipated.

"This guy, something is wrong." Although Xiao Yan said this on the surface, but in fact he was always vigilant about the puppet, because this puppet was too weird, only half a meter tall, and even moved like a machine. It made Xiao Yan quite vigilant.