Chapter 85: Martial Magic Sniper!

"Isn't this the Martial Magic that Wucheng is known as the Heaven's Favorite Son?" Xiao Yan was also surprised. The number of times he and this Martial Magician had met with a single slap could be counted. Shouldn't there be a festival?

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also cast his eyes on the big tree where the voice came from, and saw a slender figure standing with his hands behind his back, red Dou Qi roaring out and surrounding him.

"What did your Excellency mean?" Xiao Yan also said coldly. According to Yue Ru's words, the man in front of him was Wu Huan, the arrogant son of Wucheng, but his strength was also a powerhouse in the late Samsung Dou Di. However, what Xiao Yan saw about the latter half a month ago was only in the late stage of the Three Star Dou Di, and now he can see some clues from the fluctuation of his Dou Qi.

It is also the pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di!

This should be some treasure harvested in the ruins, which led to the improvement of the strength to the level of the peak of the three-star Dou Di. Otherwise, it would not be so easy to advance through training.

However, even though this martial arts is also the pinnacle of the Three Star Fighting Emperor, Xiao Yan is not afraid at all!

"Without further ado!"

"Although I don't know what you have to do with the mysterious guardian in white, this is the territory of my Wucheng."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hand over your good fortune."

Wu Huan also slowly jumped down from a big tree, and then looked at the former coldly as if he was stunned by Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan didn't know whether to laugh or cry when he heard this. Afterwards, he also knew that although he could be recognized by a white robe before, the so-called good fortune did not need any flame power to absorb it. Being too powerful, Rao Yi, the pride of the seven cities, could not do anything, so he had no choice but to withdraw from the ruins.

As for Xiao Yan being left behind by a white robe, although the Fire Elf's contribution is inevitable, there are also some personal feelings in a white robe. Although I don't know why, Xiao Yan always feels that this white robe seems to be the same as his own. The fire spirit in the body has some origins, but Xiao Yi is also in a state of degeneration, and Xiao Yan has no way to ask.

"Wu Huan, you can really talk nonsense. This is clearly the Demonic Beast Mountains, so why is it your Wucheng's territory?"

"And why should I hand over the good fortune I obtained with my own strength?"

"Did your brain get caught in the door?"

Xiao Yan also happily looked at the aloof martial arts. Others might be afraid of his status as the young city master of Wucheng, but Xiao Yan would not. After all, this Qingcheng is just a rest stop for Xiao Yan.

Worry-free and worry-free?

"Okay, Xiao Yan, do you really think we are fools? You worked so hard to defeat the six guardians of the emperor, but let you come to pick up this great deal?" The smile on Wu Huan's face also gradually changed. solidified.

Xiao Yan also smiled lightly when he heard the words, it turned out that this Wu Huan turned out to be a person who would retaliate against Jiezhen.

"Since you don't hand it over, then just die. Being buried in the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains is also your perfect destination."

"Don't worry, my Wu Huan has searched this area for hundreds of miles, and now there is no one else here except you and me." Wu Huan couldn't help roaring loudly.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan was still a little worried, this place is also very close to the Martial City. If one accidentally attracts the strong in the Martial City, it will be troublesome, but now hearing Wu Huan say this, he can't help but feel relieved. .

"Since your martial fantasy wants to kill me to get good luck, let's see if you have the ability!" Xiao Yan also said with relief.

"Accept the call!"

"Fire Killing Palm!"

As soon as the shouting fell, Wu Huan just showed his body, and after a few flashes, he arrived in front of Xiao Yan and blasted out from the air with one hand and one palm...

The terrifying strong wind directly ripped out the dark cracks in the space.

Looking at the fierce attack from Wu Huan in front of him, it also changed Xiao Yan's complexion. Although this Wu Huan said that he would be punished, his strength should not be underestimated, nor should the dignified young city master of Wu City be underestimated.

To say that it is late is fast. In the face of such a terrifying strong wind, it is possible that Xiao Yan will forcefully take it down. It is not that he cannot resist it, but it is not necessary.

At the moment, Xiao Yan's body twisted strangely, and several afterimages appeared in the air.

A few afterimages are impressively the manifestation of the highest realm that Sanqian Leidong has cultivated.

Dangerously and dangerously, he avoided several strong winds, and after Wu Huan made his attack, his speed was also slowed down.

Intercepting Wu Huan's terrifying attack, Xiao Yan swept his body and grabbed Wu Huan's forehead.

Xiao Yan has always been that people don't commit crimes against me, and I don't commit crimes. Since this martial arts fantasy is going to kill him, there is no need for him to show mercy. It just so happens that there is no one here.

"Bastard, court death!"

Seeing this scene, Wu Huan's face was full of anger. He didn't expect that Xiao Yan was also a ruthless person!

Grabbing the palm of his hand, a suction force burst out from the palm of his hand, and it directly uprooted a big tree behind it. The figure condensed in mid-air for a moment, and the big tree in the sky instantly pressed against his forehead to prevent Xiao Xiao Fire attack.

Xiao Yan saw that he also took advantage of the body's shape and took the lead. With a big hand, he grabbed the tree in the sky, but before he could pull it hard, the fierce and unparalleled wind was coming from behind the ball. He smashed his head hard.

Feeling the fierce wind behind him, Xiao Yan also smiled slightly, and then a beautiful twenty-three-color fire lotus seed appeared in his hand.

"Huhuhu!"

Xiao Yan also found that since breaking through to the peak of the Three Star Dou Di, his signature method, the fire lotus seeds fused with 23 kinds of different fires, has become perfect with practice, and can be condensed in an instant when his mind moves, which is also faster than before. It’s a lot faster But Xiao Yan also found out that even if the Buddha’s Fury Lotus is formed by the fusion of many different fire powers, the suppression that can be obtained against the same level of power is getting smaller and smaller, and it is in the fight. On the mainland, Buddha's Fury Huo Lian has always been a signature method that can surpass the ranks and decide the outcome, but it is a little difficult to deal with the powerhouses of the same level on the Dou Di Continent...

As a result, Xiao Yan has always had a vague guess in his heart, it seems that the strange fire in his body has been exhausted since he came to Dou Di Continent, as if it was in a dormant period.

In other words, there seems to be something missing from the fire.

Otherwise, the different fire and the holy flame belong to the power born between heaven and earth, how could the gap be so big...

During the battle, it was too late to be distracted, and then he raised the Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus in his hand and smashed it viciously at the Wu Huan in front of him!

"Shabu Shabu Shabu!"

The Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus roared away at Wu Huan!

Wu Huan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then his fiery red grudge swept out in a frenzy to resist.

Because, Wu Huan is also a powerhouse at the peak of the three-star Dou Di, better than he felt a terrifying aura above this delicate Buddha's wrath fire lotus.

At this time, Wu Huan had only one thought in his heart. If he was infected with the power of this fire lotus, then his fate would only be one!

Seriously injured!

Explosion today!

More in a while!

Ask for a monthly pass!

Please subscribe!

Ask for a recommendation!