Chapter Vol 2 809: problem found

"I don't think so."

"Although the strength of the demon beasts below is extremely terrifying, it is obvious that they don't have the strength to devour Xiao Yan to reach the level of transcending tribulation."

"Although Xiao Yan's strength is only a complete Six-Star Dou Di, I'm afraid I don't have the certainty of winning when he really fights, so even if he can't beat the Guardian, it shouldn't be a problem to escape." The more dazzling, the dangerous fluctuations were slowly born, Song Yue immediately spoke.

"Song Yue, you don't have the ambition to destroy your own prestige, Xiao Yan is not as strong as you said."

"In my opinion, Xiao Yan is just a kid who knows how to use conspiracy and tricks." Listening to Song Yue's words, plus the fact that Xiao Yan was pitted at the entrance of the iron gate ruins, the resentment of the second brothers of the Qi family towards Xiao Yan can be described as is getting deeper and deeper.

"Believe it or not." Song Yue was naturally too lazy to talk nonsense with this guy, and immediately stared at the increasingly dense thunder tribulation in the sky.

The terrifying level of this thunder calamity may have exceeded the situation that their Seven-Star Dou Di could handle. If this thunder calamity exploded directly on the swamp, then even if this life-and-death Eryiquan was precious, it would only be able to escape far away. After all, their lives are gone, and their things are just empty words.

"What the **** is going on here!" Qi Haoran became impatient with waiting, and immediately shouted.

Following Qi Haoran's impatience, Feng Hong and Song Yue simply ignored it.

"No, you have to go down and have a look!"

"What the **** is this Xiao Yan doing!" After a few breaths, Qi Haoran's pupils suddenly flashed a hint of determination, and without hesitation, he pulled Qi Haoqing and wanted to whizz away towards the swamp.

"If the two of you believe me, then leave them alone. I always feel that there are many dangers in this swampy area. If you go down now, I'm afraid it will be no different from dying." Just as Feng Hong and Du Chun were preparing to act, Song Yue Speaking directly, it was obvious that Song Yue also noticed something.

"What about the Second Yiquan of Life and Death?" Feng Hong seemed to be quite enthusiastic about the Second Yiquan of Life and Death, and said immediately.

"Don't worry, no one will be able to enter that thing for a while." Song Yue said directly, obviously based on the strength of Lei Jie, it seemed that Song Yue had already guessed something.

"Lei Jie seems to have gone under the swamp!" The next moment, Hongqian, the petite person beside Song Yue, spoke directly, with a little surprise in his voice.

"This..." Song Yue frowned upon hearing this.

If the thunder robbery appears on the swamp, then there is no doubt that the robberies will also appear, and the robbers are most likely guardians, so that they can give a fatal blow to the guardians when they cross the calamity, thereby entering the scene. In the two springs of life and death.

But if Lei Jie went under the swamp, it would undoubtedly mean that this guy already knew what they were thinking, and it would be troublesome.

"Someone has entered the swamp area!" The second brother Qi Haoran, who had entered the swamp area, was instantly discovered by other powerhouses who were watching here, and immediately said.

"The second brother of the Qi family?"

"A person from the Xuanling royal family?"

"Why are they entering the dangerous swamp area at this time?"

"Did they find something?" Seeing this, Xingtaki nodded slightly, obviously thinking about something.

"Miss, what's the matter?" Xiaobi rarely saw her master so solemn, and immediately asked.

"According to the predictions of astrology, it seems that the Xuanling royal family took the lead in that catastrophe, and the two brothers of the Qi family seem to have something to do with the source of the disaster..." Xingtaki spoke intermittently.

"Catastrophe?"

"The source of the calamity?" Xiaobi heard that, although she had doubts, she seemed to know something, but she didn't ask much, but Xiaobi believed in the predictions of astrology.

Astrology has always been mysterious. His master, Hoshitaki, has a much stronger grasp of astrology than himself. If even Hoshitaki said so, I am afraid that things are very likely to be true.

"What shall we do now?"

"Follow?" Xiaobi said.

"No, according to my guess, this thunder calamity should be caused by the guardian below. Although I don't know what Xiao Yan's current situation is, Xiao Yan is definitely fine."

"This guardian is also smart. He knows that there are so many strong people here. If they break through on the swamp area, they will probably lead to encirclement and suppression, but under the swamp area, many strong people are afraid of the unknown below and dare not go down."

"Furthermore, there is an extremely hot wave below. If the second Qi brothers go down so rashly, I'm afraid the consequences will not be good." Xingtaki said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes." Xiaobi nodded immediately after hearing the words. After all, the two of them are not very strong. If they go so rashly, I'm afraid it will not end well.

"Someone went down."

"It seems that the second brothers of the Qi family have just been pitted by Xiao Yan, and now they are afraid that the two Yiquan of life and death will be taken by Xiao Jie first, so they can't wait." Wudu said.

"These two guys have bad intentions. I'm afraid they have long been resentful towards Xiao Yan. If this goes on, a fierce battle cannot be avoided." Lin Zhu said.

"I'm curious how this guy Xiao Yan has been living peacefully with the guardian below for so long?"

"And I vaguely feel that this thunder tribulation seems to be inseparable from Xiao Yan." Wu Po said.

"These two guys can't eat hot tofu in a hurry." Lin Zhu slowly shook his head.

"There's a good show to watch." As if he noticed something, Wu Po suddenly laughed.

With such a commotion, countless people's eyes were fixed on the swamp area. At this time, Lei Jie had disappeared into the swamp area and disappeared, and the swamp area had returned to calm. Although other strong people were impatient But we can only wait, and the second Qi family brothers also entered the swamp area directly. As for Xiao Yan, he has been in for a while.

"You actually introduced the thunder calamity into this molten world?" Xiao Yan looked at the terrifying thunder calamity approaching, and immediately felt a chill behind his back. Just because of the fear level of this thunder calamity, I am afraid that he can barely accept it with all his strength now. Next, the thunder tribulation of Warcraft Transcending Tribulation is so terrifying.

"Hehe, don't be afraid, if you break through on the swamp, I'm afraid it will attract your strong human beings to block, so I have to do it."

"Fortunately, this lava world is still isolated from the swampy area, so there is an extra layer of protection." Life and death fire beasts are not afraid of Xiao Yan's ridicule, after all, the two are now in a cooperative relationship.

"That's fine, you can break through quickly." After some inquiries, Xiao Yan spoke directly.

"Someone is here." But as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the eyes of the fire beast of life and death that were still smiling suddenly became heavy, and then their eyes were cast towards a space not far away.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, I didn't expect you to be in trouble with the Guardian!"

"What else do you have to say now?" A manic laugh appeared at the end of the molten world with enormous power.

"Hehe, the second brother of the Qi family of the Xuanling royal family..."

"A seven-star fighting emperor in the early stage, and a seven-star fighting emperor in the middle stage, he really looks down on me..." Xiao Yan stared at the two of them, and after speaking, a shocking fighting spirit emerged!

Ask for tickets!