Chapter Vol 4 888: The madness of the first caster in Xuan 3 days

"Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother?" Master Lu's lazy eyes suddenly became extremely energetic, and his eyes were actually fixed on the strange thing in Xiao Yan's hand, never leaving his eyes!

At this time, the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother in Xiao Yan's hands was actually fused together. Although Xiao Yan didn't know the reason, it wasn't a bad thing to think about.

"Damn, it's actually the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother!"

"I've never seen this thing in my life, I'm so lucky!" Master Lu saw this, his figure flashed, and he came to Xiao Yan's side in an instant, his mouth kept twitching, and he couldn't help but let out a few foul language.

There is no way, Master Lu's identity as a craftsman is the same as that of a proud alchemist. When he sees the precious casting weapon materials, his eyes glow with golden light, and he can't control other things.

"Senior Master Lu." Xiao Yan looked at the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother in his hand and restrained Master Lu. He immediately knew how expensive this thing was, and immediately reminded him out loud.

"Ah." Master Lu saw Xiao Yan's voice, and hurriedly pretended to sneeze, trying to hide his excitement.

The medicinal materials required for refining high-level medicinal herbs are extremely precious, but the more powerful the magic weapon, the more precious materials are needed!

Not to mention other things, just the fist-sized yin-yang iron mother in Xiao Yan's hand, I am afraid that a finger-sized piece, Master Lu is confident, adding some other auxiliary materials, it is absolutely possible to refine an immortal-level weapon!

Immortal-level weapons, even those who fight immortals are quite envious.

Moreover, the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother in Xiao Yan's hand was not a small piece the size of a finger, but a large piece the size of a fist!

This fist-sized chunk might be able to make a lot of excellent weapons.

"Hey, I don't know what the little brother is called?" Master Lu also smiled at this moment. After all, the things in Xiao Yan's hands attracted his attention.

"Yan Xiao." Xiao Yan had an idea and spoke directly.

"Puff puff." After Xiao Yan said her name, for some unknown reason, Mu Yingying laughed outright.

Mu Yingying also seemed to have discovered Xiao Yan's intentions, so she couldn't help laughing, but Master Lu's thoughts were all on Xiao Yan, and she didn't have time to pay attention to Mu Yingying.

"Yan Xiao, what a good name."

"Little brother is here to make weapons, right?"

"I don't know what weapon you want to forge?"

"I'm the number one casting master in Xuantian San. There is no one who is better at casting weapons than me."

"Such a large piece of Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother, I am afraid that at least three immortal-level weapons can be cast!" Master Lu said a lot in one breath, and then eagerly looked forward to finding an answer.

"unnecessary."

"Yingying, take that thing out." Xiao Yan shook his head. Although this Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother is very valuable, Xiao Yan already owns the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler. For this heavy ruler, Xiao Yan can use it quite a bit. Familiar, if I change other weapons, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will not be used to it, so this Yin-Yang Black Iron Mother still repairs the fairy sword for Mu Yingying, after all, Mu Yingying still lacks a combat weapon.

"Ah?" Mu Yingying originally thought that Xiao Yan wanted to use this yin and yang mysterious iron mother to temper her heavy ruler, because Mu Yingying seemed to have heard from her brother that the magic weapon was powerful, but she was adding to it. Some precious materials will become more powerful.

"It's the broken sword I gave you last time." Xiao Yan thought that Mu Yingying didn't hear what she said, and said Zaidu.

"Oh." Mu Yingying felt warm when she heard the words. Obviously, what the Holy Flame Spirit said in her body was naturally self-defeating.

"Then." The next moment, Mu Yingying's whole body flashed blue light, and then a fiery red fairy sword appeared in her hand.

This is the Broken Immortal Sword that Xiao Yan got from the Infernal Corpse Forest, but at the last moment, the last power in the Broken Immortal Sword was used almost the same, and since there is no scabbard, it is no different from a waste product.

"Good guy." Xiao Yan just caught it, and suddenly felt an invisible flame force coming from above the fiery red fairy sword.

"Senior Master Lu."

"Junior wants to use this Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother to recast this sword." Xiao Yan took the immortal sword, which was like a waste product without any fluctuation in power, and then said to Master Lu.

"This sword..."

"Good sword!" After the fiery red fairy sword reached Xiao Yan's hand, Master Lu suddenly stared at the broken fairy sword in Xiao Yan's hand and said.

"Why did the senior say this?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard the words.

Although I have long known Master Lu's unique insights on forging weapons, there is no such saying that you can know weapons by looking at them.

"Your sword, even among immortal-level weapons, is enough to rank in the forefront."

"It's a pity that the damage is too serious." Master Lu's eyes flashed with regret first, and then flashed with enthusiasm!

Although the immortal sword is indeed seriously damaged, this kid has a yin and yang mysterious iron mother on his body!

"So many yin and yang black iron mothers are enough to create a better matching sword than this."

"However, if you borrow the sword itself, as you said, and add some auxiliary and Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, the power of this weapon will be greatly increased several times!"

"Boy, you are so talented!" Master Lu wanted to hug Xiao Yan and kiss him.

"Senior, is there any problem?" Xiao Yan said.

"no problem."

"Although this yin and yang black iron mother is extremely difficult to refine, my strength is that of a rank five nine-star fighting emperor, so you wait here for me for a few days, and the weapons will naturally be handed over to you intact." Master Lu said very happily. .

"Then I would like to thank my seniors first..." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, but the next moment he became depressed again.

Because Xiao Yan didn't know if Master Lu would get paid for helping the members of the Xuanling royal family to build weapons!

"Yan Xiao, right..."

"That..." Not long after Master Lu turned his back to Xiao Yan and said intermittently.

"Damn, they're all old foxes." Xiao Yan couldn't help scolding. Obviously, once the conditions were negotiated, it was time for the reward.

Master Lu, who owns the first smith in Xuantiantian, is probably asking for a lot of money.

"By the way, Senior Master Lu, about this time..." Xiao Yan was about to say something, but Master Lu interrupted Xiao Yan directly!

"Can you leave a little bit of the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother for me..." Master Lu said very sincerely.

"What the hell?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, what is this Master Lu talking about?

"I know, it stands to reason that I will make weapons for you for free, but this yin-yang black iron mother is too rare. I have never seen it in my life, so can you leave a little bit for me?"

"Don't worry, I will definitely build this sword for you. With the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother, this weapon will definitely be more powerful than any other immortal weapon!" Master Lu was afraid that Xiao Yan would refuse, so he hurriedly said. Vice negotiating tone.

"As long as the weapon is repaired, the remaining materials will be handed over to the seniors for free use." Xiao Yan laughed.

"Success!" When Master Lu heard the words, he smiled, but there was a hint of madness in his pupils.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм