Chapter Vol 4 2037: Set off, go to the medicine clan festival!

The realm of ancient tribes, the ancient city of the sky.

More than a month has passed since the ancient clan returned to normal. In one month, although the ancient clan appeared to be extremely calm on the surface, a series of measures implemented behind the scenes stabilized the ancient clan, and the core high-level team was very clear. As a result, a series of unimaginable changes took place within the ancient clan. After this catastrophe, the entire ancient clan became more and more united.

The ancient city of the sky, the patriarch's residence.

"It's all here."

"Father, Senior Gu Yuan, Senior Celestial Emperor." In the quiet and deep mansion, Xiao Yan took Xun'er's slender hand and said with a smile.

One month is enough for Xiao Yan to spend a long period of leisure time, but Xiao Yan is also clear that the immediate priority is not the love of children, because Xu Shao's original "resurrection" technique, coupled with the previous catastrophe of the ancients , There are various indications that the claws of the Soul Palace and the foreign evil clan are probably not only the ancient clan.

Besides, the medicine clan festival is coming soon, I am afraid that it will have to be busy in the future.

The Medicine Clan Grand Ceremony will undoubtedly be a prosperous world that will stir up the entire Doudi Continent. Once it shines in it, it can also take the opportunity to spread the prestige of the Endless Fire Territory, so as to lay the groundwork for the unification of the entire Doudi Continent in the future.

Moreover, for Xiao Yan today, although the soul power is tyrannical, but the refining of medicine has fallen behind a lot, and the medicine clan festival is a must.

"You bastard, these days, the ancients really owe you husband and wife."

"In addition, the time and space wormholes will be completely connected in another month, but you should not wait for that time." Gu Yuan smiled, obviously saying this from the bottom of his heart.

This guy Xiao Yan, whether he broke into the ancient prison alone, or finally gave birth to a life-and-death chessboard with Xie Meishu, his courage and momentum are enough to be called dragons and phoenixes, not to mention helping Xun'er deal with it later. Small and large affairs among the ancient clan, and even some things that even he finds difficult, are in Xiao Yan's hands.

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's special status, I'm afraid what Gu Yuan said was to pull this guy into the ancient clan.

"Stinky boy, but you're not at a loss, aren't you?" Gu Yuan grinned and scolded when he saw this.

Xiao Yan has now become a legendary figure of extraordinary status among the ancient clan, and in order to make up for Xiao Yan, the ancient clan's Douji Pavilion opened directly to Xiao Yan as an exception. Within a month, Xun'er accompanied him to go deep into the Douji Pavilion, which was unprecedented. Obtained the second volume fighting skill.

The ancient clan's fighting skills pavilion is quite long, and it contains some rare and unique fighting skills, and every clan can only enter it if they have established outstanding achievements. It is said that they can only get one volume in one year. Fighting skills, Xiao Yan's actions will undoubtedly make many strong people jealous. If it is a descendant of the ancient clan, it will be fine, but it is Xiao Yan. You must know that it is a fighting skill in the category of two volumes of immortal arts, a volume of fire attributes. , a roll of water properties...

If a treasure of this level is taken out to any place in Dou Di Continent, it will probably cause an uproar, but Gu Yuan can only smile bitterly.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan also said with a slight smile, the meaning of the words is clear, I helped the ancients solve such a big problem, it's not too much to get something.

"Even if the Medicine Clan Festival is held, it is a grand event for the entire Doudi Continent, but now the four continents are separate camps, I am afraid that only the geniuses of Douyun Continent will gather here."

"Among the seven ancient clans, each has a truly intelligent genius. With the protection of its background, I am afraid this time will be a real event, and it will also be a real contest for you young heroes." Gu Yuan said, his eyes were also Somewhat hot, if I were younger, I am afraid that this kind of event would definitely not be absent, but for Xiao Yan, even Gu Yuan could not predict it.

"Senior Gu Yuan's words?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked, this old guy has something to say, and this time the medicine clan ceremony seems not to be simple.

"This time the catastrophe of our ancient clan is over. In order to consolidate the interior and prevent the comeback of the evil clan outside the territory, we will not go to the medicine clan festival."

"The soul clan, the Holy See, and the three places of the Endless Fire Territory, we will pay attention to it secretly. Once there is any news, we will notify you as soon as possible." Gu Yuanyu said earnestly, after experiencing that kind of thing, let his nerves always At a level of tension, now that the catastrophe has passed, it has been a long time to let go.

"It's time to work." Hearing Gu Yuan's words, Xiao Yan immediately cupped his hands and nodded with Gu Yuan's nod. Unintentionally, the entire ancient clan would also be completely inclined towards the Endless Fire Territory.

However, it is necessary to be **** oneself to strike the iron. The next pressing time is Xiao Yan's last chance to improve his strength.

Xiao Yan had a hunch that it seemed that the next war between heaven and earth was not far away. Before that kind of battle, he must have the power to protect many relatives and friends...

"Let Xun'er accompany you there." Peerless Heavenly Emperor patted Xiao Yan's shoulder and said.

"Slightly slightly." Xun'er heard this, her beautiful eyes twinkling, and she was quite happy.

In fact, it was Xun’er and many experts of the ancient clan who secretly decided to go to the festival of the medicine clan. In the end, at the strong request of Xun’er, only himself and Xiao Yan went together. Although this took into account the current situation of the ancient clan, it was also a part of Xun’er. Be careful.

"Originally, this thing was planned to be given to Xun'er after a while, but now that the separation is imminent, it will not be hidden and tucked away."

"Next, this is an ancient clan summoning order that only the ancient clan's patriarch can handle in all dynasties."

"No matter where you are, as long as the token is crushed, our ancient powerhouses will smash the void to get close."

"You are the master of the ancient clan now, with a special status, you cannot have any losses, and any orders you give, we ancient clan powerhouses will not have any doubts." It seems that Xiao Yan and Xun'er are a little uneasy. Going together, Gu Yuan looked at Xun'er, his eyes also became firm, and a silver token flashing with the "Ancient" two people emerged in his hand.

The silver token is about the size of a slap, but it has a very long-lasting fragrance and even has the special power of the ancient people on it.

"Yep."

"Thank you, senior." Xun'er didn't refuse, she stretched out her hand and carefully put it away.

"While I'm gone, the Endless Fire Territory will ask you seniors to take care of one or two." Xiao Yan cast his gaze on the three figures.

"Okay, okay, don't be mother-in-law, let's go." Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan looked at each other and said with a smile.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan held Xun'eryu's hand quite a gentleman, and the two bodies slowly lifted into the air, like a pair of newlywed Yan'er beauties. Not to mention going outside the ancient world.

The place they went to was the location of the Medicine Clan's grand ceremony.

"Xiao Yan was also a gifted alchemist when he was in the lower realm. I hope this time he will be able to shine." Gu Yuan said with a gratified smile.

"..." Peerless Heavenly Emperor and Gu Yuan heard the words, and the smiles on their faces slowly solidified.

Sheng Yan, the descendant of Xiao Yan, the domain master of the Endless Fire Region, still has the identity of this alchemist in the end?

This made them feel that it was dark in front of them. This guy Xiao Yan seemed to be too afraid.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: