Chapter Vol 4 1157: Earth Dragon Blood Crystal!

"The next auction is a bit strange, because it is not the original thing in our ghost world." Li Qin stood on the auction table and said slowly.

"Strange?" Some of the powerhouses in the private rooms were also quite puzzled when they heard the words. Although most of the hundreds of private rooms present were just to watch the fun, they were also prominent figures in the Ghost King City with a lot of experience. For the sake of abundance, something that can make them all puzzled is probably enough to be called strange.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Come here, lift it up for me!" The next moment, Li Qin's sweet voice sounded, and a series of steps appeared in the center of the auction booth, and then four burly men emerged from the stairs.

The four burly men were in a square shape, tightly surrounding the things in the middle of the four, and each person was carrying a corner of the square auction item on his shoulders, slowly lifting it up from the bottom.

This mysterious auction item has a size of several tens of feet, is square, and the surface is tightly protected by a white canvas.

"Whoa!"

"Bang bang bang!" With a few voices, the four burly men lightly lifted their hands and placed the behemoth on the ground.

"Whoosh." Just after letting go, a panting voice emerged. Obviously, even these four burly men couldn't bear the weight of this thing.

"You go down." Li Qin said slightly.

"Yes, Butler Li." The four burly men agreed and fell from the original stairs, and the stairs closed to form the ground after the four left.

"What the **** is this..."

"According to the combined force of the four burly men just now, the weight of this thing is probably quite heavy."

"But it seems to be covered by a layer of white canvas."

"..." In the private room, the voices of various guesses sounded slowly.

"Hehe, everyone, I'm not going to give up."

"However, this matter is of great importance, and I am also allowed to take some protective measures." The city lord, Death Wind, stepped forward and said.

"Shabu Shabu!" At the next moment, Dead Wind directly used all his strengths, and the dazzling silver fighting immortal power instantly enveloped the entire unknown auction item.

With this layer of protection, even a two-star Dou Xian powerhouse can't take it for a while.

"Everyone, please appreciate this rare treasure in the world today." Taking defensive measures, Dead Wind's eyes were filled with extremely terrifying fluctuations, obviously to shock some ill-intentioned plans.

After speaking, his fingers moved slightly, and the white canvas covering the auction item disappeared slowly, revealing the original appearance of the auction item.

"This is..." And with the appearance of this auction item, many of the powerhouses present stared blankly. Obviously, almost no one knew about this thing.

What appeared in front of everyone was a tens of meters in size, and the outermost edge was protected by an extremely strong iron cage, and in that iron cage, a red crystal-like hill like a mountain suddenly appeared. emerge!

Through perception, everyone found out that there was a trace of blood-red liquid flowing slowly in this red crystal hill, and with every flow of the blood-red liquid, many of the strong hearts present were violent. Jump up.

"This is……"

"Blood crystal!"

"Isn't this thing only born in the human world, some monsters with dragon blood, how can it appear in the ghost world?"

"According to the estimates of the crystals in the iron cage, I am afraid that this blood crystal liquid is all the blood of an adult demon beast!" The next moment, in the quiet private room No. 1, the mysterious black-robed man couldn't bear it. Zhu stood up directly and was surprised at the auction items lying quietly on the auction table below.

"This thing seems to have the smell of the dragon family." In the second private room, Yu Gan was also interested in staring at the blood crystal with a strange color below, and couldn't help speaking.

"Dragon?" Hearing this, Feather couldn't help swallowing a saliva with difficulty.

Dragon Clan, this is not only the peak race in the human world, but also the strongest race with a fierce reputation in the entire Great Thousand World!

"This is the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal."

"Don't be surprised, this blood crystal contains a rather tyrannical blood essence. If you can get this thing, refine the blood crystal, and take out the blood essence, I am afraid that the blood essence alone is enough to make his body stronger. To a higher level." Li Qin smiled sweetly, and easily increased the value of this auction item.

"Earth Dragon Blood Crystal?" Xiao Yan originally had some vague guesses, but now that Li Qin explained it himself, he couldn't help being surprised!

"Before my uncle Jinlongwang left, he left a special volume of exercises called "Dragon God Nine Transformations" for himself. Xiao Yan has been bitterly regretting that he could not find a way to cultivate."

"And when I was still in Xuan Santian, Xiao Yan had a chance to investigate a trace of the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, but found that the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God was extremely powerful. It makes Xiao Yan quite a big head."

"However, Xiao Yan did some tidying up, but found that he had all the materials for the first transformation of the Dragon God's Nine Transformations.

Dragon blood.

In other words, it is the blood of the dragon.

The so-called blood essence is the condensed essence of a human body, and the dragon race is no exception.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also discovered that the blood essence required for the first transformation of cultivation is quite strict, and it must be the diluted dragon blood essence.

"Hey, kid, don't think about it."

"Although the intensity of physical damage in your body is not weak, it is still too far to compare with the dragon family."

"And it's not that I look down on you. If you can really use the blood of the orthodox dragon race to make you cultivate this dragon **** transformation, I am afraid that with your current strength, you will be wiped out in an instant." And when Xiao Yan's mind was spinning as fast, Soul Eater The Lord's voice entered Xiao Yan's mindSenior, what you said..." Xiao Yan was a little speechless, this Soul Eater seemed to be playing cards out of line.

"What's wrong with my words?"

"Don't say it's you, even at my peak, I wouldn't dare to think about drinking the blood of the orthodox dragon family."

"Not to mention the Golden Dragon King." The Soul Eater said with some fear.

"The secret, you will naturally know in the future."

"But all you need to know now is that in this great world, the real dragon family has never had any branches."

"They are proud and powerful. In addition to being lonely, they only have a huge dragon family. As for the other earth dragons, flying dragons, and the ancient dragons on your Dou Qi Continent that you told me before, they are all just miscellaneous. Dragon."

"Compared with the real dragon race, it is nothing short of nothing."

"Because the Dragon God gave birth to nine sons, and the nine sons are different."

"These nine sons are the real nine dragon kings in the Great Thousand Worlds!" The mighty voice of the Soul Eater caused quite a shock to find him.

"Although I don't know what kind of cultivation method the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God is, but the dragon clan has been able to prosper forever, and naturally it has an indispensable cultivation technique."

"And the level of blood essence contained in this dragon's blood crystal is far from the real dragon, but it is the most suitable thing for you to cultivate the first transformation."

"So, this dragon blood crystal must be obtained no matter what!" At the end of the sentence, the voice of the Master of Soul Eater kept showing a killing intent!