Chapter Vol 4 2210: Fire Lingjing vs Yaoji Soul Shadow!

"The first reincarnation level, the Fire Elf Royal Family, Princess Alice, is really strong."

Xiao Yi's whole body trembled, and purple flames gushed out from her body, instantly dispelling her seemingly terrifying offensive, and then the two looked at each other at a distance, and Xiao Yi's handsome face couldn't help showing a sneer.

"This guy's flame seems to be similar to the fluctuation of holy flame, but it is too weak."

"what happened?"

Xiao Yan shook his head. The battle just now was clearly seen in his eyes. Although Xiao Yi's strength should not be underestimated, Alice's strength was equally extraordinary. After all, the latter was able to intercept Xiao Yi's tyrannical attack at will, which was enough to prove this point.

It's just that the purple flames and soul shadows rising from Xiao Yi's body, as well as the ancient imprints that began to flicker between her eyebrows, filled this barrier with an unprecedented aura of depression.

Although that kind of aura fluctuation is extremely weak, it makes many strong people present clearly feel it, and it contains an irresistible supreme coercion.

"Next, let you see the true power of the Seal of Reincarnation!"

Xiaoyi's body was lifted into the air, and countless purple flames poured out of her body like a tide, filling the entire sky barrier with nothing left. The energy soul shadow of the goddess Yaoji trembled slightly behind her, and every tremor carried a trace of it. Suffocating horror temperature and energy!

"Fire!"

With the emergence of such a thick purple flame, Xiao Yi folded her hands together, her eyes became abnormally cold, and countless energies of heaven and earth in the enchantment whizzed away. , there is a vaguely condensed and beautiful soul shadow, which is building and condensing.

The soul shadow on Xiao Yi's body is very easy to distinguish, wearing a gorgeous black dress inlaid with gold inscriptions, wearing a purple fire gold crown, Baizhi's skin and a near-perfect face, especially the nobility that is revealed invisibly. The divine aura made one couldn't help but feel an awe-inspiring feeling of wanting to pay homage!

It seems that any beautiful words cannot be used on this soul shadow. It is not so much a soul shadow, but it has a very real sense of oppression!

"This guy can actually summon the soul shadow of the goddess Yaoji?"

With Xiao Yi's actions above the sky, the atmosphere in the entire altar boiled, and even the second elder Ma Lin, who had always been quiet, suddenly stood up from the stone seat, his pupils shrank tightly, and his voice trembled. Loud opening.

"This is... the ghost image of Goddess Yao Ji?"

"how could it be possible?"

Seeing the surprised look on the second elder Ma Lin, countless elven powerhouses stared at the beautiful soul shadow behind Xiao Yi in a stunned manner. An unprecedented power made the power in their bodies become silent and worshipped.

The word Yaoji is equivalent to the supreme goddess among the elves. Anyone who is contaminated with her identity will increase in value and strength by geometric multiples.

"The Reincarnation Seal, the soul shadow of the goddess Yaoji, it seems that you can't keep it."

There was a trace of surprise in Princess Alice's beautiful eyes, and she immediately felt a long-lost heart palpitation when she looked at the reincarnation mark shining brightly in the middle of Xiao Yi's eyebrows, and the shadow of the soul behind her that contained everything that wiped out everything.

It seems that letting him condense like this may have an impact on his plans.

She is a princess who pursues perfection, and she will never allow her plan to be broken by such a nameless person. Moreover, as long as she kills her, she can take the opportunity to get Xiao Yi's Reincarnation Seal and covet the treasures in her clan.

After all, there are a lot of rules among the fire elves, and their high-ranking electors are not allowed to take action easily on weekdays. Today's competition is obviously a good opportunity not to be missed.

"Star Butterfly Shadow!"

On Alice's skin, bursts of dazzling cyan energy fell down, like a river of holy light spilling over the world, and began to gather.

A round of dazzling star charts appeared on his back, and at the same time, a butterfly shadow energy figure as light as a butterfly dance also quietly descended here.

"Are these two guys crazy?"

At this moment, there were constant voices of surprise around the altar, and even they dared not fight against this level of fluctuation.

"It's really hard to deal with."

"But... Yaoji Holy Shadow!"

The violent purple flame is like a surging river that shakes the sky whistling in the barrier. In the blink of an eye, Xiao Yi's body is tightly wrapped by the purple flame, and the soul shadow of the goddess that looks like a natural goddess is also more and more. Brilliant.

If you don't use strength to perceive, from a distance, Yaoji Ziying behind Xiaoyi looks like a noble princess, but anyone can clearly perceive that there is something on this delicate energy soul shadow. What a great power?

With that kind of power, even if it is faced with a level of reincarnation level strength, I am afraid it will only end in sadness.

That is the supreme power that the world wants to destroy!

"Wong buzzing!"

Seemingly worried, the Samsara India at the center of Xiao Yi's eyebrows burst out with a hot purple halo, which was then injected into the soul shadow, and an ancient and vast force slanted out.

In this way, it is almost close to Xiao Yi's full-strength blow. If such power cannot destroy Alice, I am afraid that Xiao Yi will also...

"Let's end it with one blow."

Alice opened her red lips, her eyes were slightly closed, and her slender hands were closed together under the gaze of countless people. As the palms changed, there was an ancient and mysterious wave that was transmitted from her palm prints.

"Butterfly Shadow... a mark?"

"Could this be the supreme secret technique among the fire elves?"

Seeing Alice act like this, Marvin couldn't care about the feeling of weakness in his body, and said in shock.

"Whoa!"

As soon as the voice fell, the huge green circles of about 1000 feet spread across the altar barrier like ripples. During the spread of the green circles, Butterfly Shadow, who had been quietly crawling beside it, began to move.

Butterfly eyes stretched, butterfly wings swayed, and it turned out that the entire energy barrier swayed restlessly in an instant, and an extremely terrifying coercion was released from it.

Xiao Yi's shadow was brewing behind him, so he didn't rush to take action, because this level of battle he only has one chance!

Xiao Yi stood in the sky, her eyes were slightly closed at the same time, her hands were crossed and folded like Alice, and between the changes, the ghost shadow of Yao Ji behind her was even more condensed and realistic, as if a real supreme ruler had come here!

"Huo Lingjing, Butterfly Shadow!"

Alice suddenly opened her eyes, and a violent aura emerged. Immediately, she raised her slender hand and slapped it fiercely at Xiao Yi who was beside her!

"Boom!"

The boundless mighty pressure and the breath of reincarnation emerged from the butterfly shadow and green circle behind him, and even the air instantly solidified!

"Boom!"

Xiao Yi's attack was not inferior at all, and the two were instantly intertwined.

Several colors were entangled in the center of the altar's enchantment. In the originally stable space, bursts of dazzling blue light suddenly erupted, and the numbness of the scalp shocked countless people.

Everyone couldn't observe how intense the battle between the two was. They could only see that there were several kinds of energy boiling in the cyan radiance. Wherever they went, there was a rare sense of laxity in the entire energy barrier.

The originally vibrant energy barrier actually became dim after this cyan brilliance passed by, and a dead gray color revealed some kind of extremely distorted morbidity, as if the power in the space was deprived and nibbled away by it, and the speed was still high. Especially amazing!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: