Chapter Vol 4 1099: Enter the ghost world

"Senior Soul Eater?" Seemingly sensing the loosening of the Soul Eater Talisman, Xiao Yan asked the Soul Eater Talisman in his body alone in this dark space whirlpool.

"Well...that's what, it's really good to sleep." As soon as the Master of Soul Eater loosened, he was discovered by Xiao Yan, and he couldn't help hurriedly looking for some other excuses to cover up his embarrassment.

"Senior, what was that black air just now?"

"Looking at that appearance, it seems to be coming for you." Xiao Yan is also a smart person, and in just a few moments, he noticed something.

When he was just outside the vortex of space, the Lord of Soul Eater still had aura. Once he entered it, the aura converged, and when the mysterious black energy appeared, he was even more cautious.

"That guy just now... really came for me." Soul Eater asked Xiao Yan, but he didn't want to hide it.

"That guy just now, as you thought, is indeed my enemy." The Soul Eater said Zaidu.

"Enemies?" Xiao Yan suddenly became puzzled when he heard the words.

"He is my enemy in the ghost world. He is called the ghost shepherd. He is a guy who can freely enter the human world and the ghost world..." The Soul Eater said slightly, but it only made Xiao Yan feel that this The guy seems to be intentionally hiding something.

"Okay, I know you have a lot of questions, but about this shepherd and the ghost world, and how to resurrect Mu Yingying, let's leave here first."

"It always doesn't feel right to me here," said Soul Eater.

"The way to revive Mu Yingying!" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words, obviously at this time Xiao Yan already knew about Mu Yingying's sacrifice.

"I won't lie to you, and this time I'm going to the ghost world, maybe I need your help." The Lord of Soul Eater said softly.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded secretly. The matter of Mu Yingying's sacrifice was exactly what Xiao Yan felt at the moment.

"You're lucky this time, you didn't encounter a space storm, otherwise you'll just die," said Soul Eater.

"This...how to go." And Xiao Yan looked at this rather dark space whirlpool and said helplessly.

"Follow me." And the Master of Soul Eater directly took Xiao Yan towards a certain place.

"Crash."

After a while, the two figures walked a long way, and then came to a void and stopped.

"Break the space here and get out from here," said Soul Eater.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and immediately agreed, and immediately the power of holy flame emerged in his body, ready to act.

"Bang bang bang." And this space was unexpectedly simple, Xiao Yan made a light blow and was instantly shattered.

"Go!" Upon seeing this, the Master of Soul Eater hurriedly said, and after that, he took Xiao Yan's body and rushed into it, and then the shattered space returned to calm.

Maybe King Xuanling didn't even think that he wanted to kill Xiao Yan by urging the vortex of space, but Xiao Yan had the master of the Soul Eater on him, at best, he was driving him to the ghost world to save him first. time.

"Slag slag." Xiao Yan just left the vortex of space, only to feel that his eyes lit up, the dazzling light made Xiao Yan's eyes slightly sting, and he couldn't open his eyes, but a rather desolate cry had already appeared beside his ears.

What Xiao Yan didn't expect was that the aura in this ghost world was different from that in the human world. When he just arrived here, the overwhelming aura directly pressed Xiao Yan's flesh, and it actually came out directly from somewhere in the sky, showing Meteor falls generally go towards the ground.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Aiya..." The next moment, Xiao Yan just wanted to open his eyes and wanted to inspect something, but he directly bumped into something quite soft, and then it seemed like something was broken and something came out!

"Heaven descended from the gods..."

"Who the **** is this guy?" Beside Xiao Yan, some intermittent figures kept talking.

The next moment, Xiao Yan listened to these voices and slowly opened his pupils, but saw a rather funny scene.

Xiao Yan saw that there were five figures standing in front of him. Among the five people, one was a woman and four men. The woman's face was extremely ugly, staring at Xiao Yan fiercely, while his own figure was Abruptly crushed a rather small monster, this monster is quite small, like a pet!

"You crushed my soul beast, you pay...you pay me!" When the woman among the five saw this, she stepped forward slightly, and then scolded Xiao Yan angrily. .

Xiao Yan saw that the woman's blue silk was **** with a wood-carved flower and wood hairpin. There were no other decorations. It was a little soft, and the whole body exuded a faint fragrance.

"This..." Xiao Yan heard the words and was completely confused. He didn't come to the ghost world from being broken in the vortex of space just now, how could he fall directly from the sky, and he also crushed other people's spirit beasts to death.

Xiao Yan looked down at this time, and found that there was an extremely small magical beast standing under his body. If it weren't for this guy, I'm afraid it would have fallen from the sky, and I'm not allowed to be seriously injured...

After all, this is the ghost world, not the human world, and the fighting spirit and strength are not as good as the human world.

"This girl, I will compensate you." Xiao Yan said slowly after a deep voice.

"You pay?"

"What are you paying me for!" The woman seemed to have a good relationship with this soul beast and couldn't help scolding.

When Xiao Yan saw this, after all, he was at fault first, so he shook his head slightly and let the woman scold.

"Okay, little sister, this little brother didn't do it on purpose, so he should do a good deed." At this time, one of the four men walked out, who seemed to be kind.

This guy is the leader of the five. Just now, Xiao Yan fell directly from the sky, crushing his sister's soul beast to death.

This soul beast is not so precious, but he has had feelings with his sister for many years, but he felt a tyrannical aura from Xiao Yan, so he did not dare to act rashly, after all, he had already stepped into the nine-star fighting emperor. Strength, the strength of the person in front of him is probably extremely terrifying, and the five of them still have to hurry, so naturally they don't want to make trouble.

"This little brother must also be going to Ghost King Ridge, right?" The next moment, the man smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Ghost King Ridge?"

"Where is this?" Xiao Yan asked slowly.

"This is a management place under Li Hun Territory, called Ghost King Ridge, where countless powerhouses are chasing." The woman also spoke slowly, her voice full of hatred for Xiao Yan.

"Ghost King Ridge?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised, but he still came to the ghost realm, but when he heard Li Soul Realm, Xiao Yan felt that the Soul Eater Talisman in his body was sending out a strong force~www.mtlnovel. com~ Let Xiao Yan sting slightly.

"I don't know what treasures that Ghost Wangling has?" Xiao Yan, who had just arrived, obviously didn't know what was going on, and immediately asked.

"Hey-hey."

"Ghost King Ridge is a good treasure place in Li Soul Domain."

"It is said that there are countless treasures in the Ghost King Ridge, and if you have a predestined relationship, you can find the Ghost King Well and spy on your own destiny from it."

"Those kinds of things have attracted countless strong people to follow." The man at the head said.

"Oh……"

"It's so interesting." Xiao Yan laughed when he heard this.

"How about it, little brother, do you want to go with us?" said the man at the head.

"Here are some medicinal pills, as compensation for me crushing your soul beast."

"I still have something to do, so I won't be with you."

"There will be a period later." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure disappeared in an instant, and then three quite exquisite bottles of medicinal pills slowly came out of the air.

"This guy... is actually a refining medicine?" The woman who was a little dissatisfied with Xiao Yan just now couldn't help being shocked when she saw this.

"As soon as he shot it, it was a third-grade imperial pill. I'm afraid this guy's background is a bit tyrannical."

"Forget it, let's go first." The man in the lead directly put away the three bottles, and then left facing a certain place.

But the strange thing is that the strength of these five people is actually said to be the powerhouse who has stepped into the Nine Star Dou Emperor!