Chapter Vol 4 2224: Elf Lair!

In the top-floor wooden house of the ancient tree of life, there is nothing fancy, just a mysterious door of light standing in the center.

"Spirit seal!"

"break!"

Inside the first wooden house of the Ancient Tree of Life, surrounded by the edge of the ancient formation in the center, the second elder of Marlin moved, and the brown flames carried an ancient aura and swept out, instantly pouring into the ancient door of light. among.

"Wong buzzing!"

The door of light is like a formation that releases a touch of ancient fluctuations, easily wrapping the four bodies, pouring into it, and heading towards the elf's lair.

The wooden house on the top floor of the ancient tree of life is a space passage, and the four people pass it to the elf's lair, but it is only a tenth time.

"Is this the elf's lair?"

After taking their breaths, the four entered the elves' lair, and looked at this special void, Xiao Yan hesitated.

This is a forest. In preparation, it is a combination of a forest and an altar. The forest is shaped like a bird's nest, and there are countless mysterious atmospheres outside the large and small nests.

Looking into the distance, he vaguely swept across this majestic forest lair. A wave of extremely tyrannical and terrifying power was transmitted from those forest lair. Obviously, the fire elves can stand in the big thousand world. It makes sense, after all, the breath contained in dozens of nests, big and small, is actually all reincarnation?

This kind of terrifying formation is enough to make countless forces only look up.

But for this scene, Xiao Yan's keen soul power noticed that deep in the center of the forest, there was a huge cave that had collapsed. All the demons are trying to devour all the energy here.

In the forest, there is a stream of light outside the nest, and from time to time there are sounds of humming energy, but in any case, it seems that it is difficult to leave after entering here.

"Although the evil spirit monster was stopped by the elders, it was difficult for the evil power to penetrate, but the elf lair became a place that could only be entered but not out, which also led us to be so eager to obliterate that evil spirit monster, after all, the elf lair Among the many powerhouses in retreat, all of them are the mainstay of our fire elves."

"Although the lair can protect them from evil monsters, once the elder has any accident, the eternal foundation of our fire elves will be destroyed in one fell swoop."

Second Elder Ma Lin looked at Xiao Yan's puzzled face and explained with a very heavy expression.

"Let's go, just ahead."

Yao Laogui released his soul power, constantly vigilant against the terrifying power around him.

"This is... the statue of Goddess Yaoji?"

Not long after, the four of them came to a wide field in the center of the elf's lair. Xiao Yi looked at the stone statue in the distance and couldn't help but growl. Even when she was watching, the reincarnation mark between her eyebrows exuded a Extremely hot volatility.

"Wait...that is?"

"Holy Flame Fire?"

Following Xiao Yi's astonished voice, Xiao Yan was surprised when he saw the stone eyes of Yao Ji's statue.

Above the statue of Yaoji, in the stone eyes, a group of purple flames jumped cheerfully like an elves born from nature. That aura was undoubtedly holy flames!

"The quiet and closed-eyed old man in front of the Yaoji statue should be the so-called Great Elder, right?"

"As for the noble golden coffin, I'm afraid it belonged to the previous elf patriarch."

Xiao Yan moved his gaze away, but saw a middle-aged woman with a graceful complexion, her body wrapped in two groups of breaths, sitting quietly cross-legged.

This woman is wearing a gray dress, and the skirt is even inlaid with countless brown flame gold threads. On the looming skin and the chalk finger, the exquisite flame patterns bloom with suffocating and tyrannical coercion.

It's just that in front of him, a golden coffin stands quietly. There are many dark lines on the golden light. Those evil forces are obviously transmitted from the golden coffin.

"Elder, Eliza."

Second Elder Ma Lin's beautiful eyes were filled with an extremely serious look, and she said.

"In the elf family, the origin of the name can be inherited from the royal family of the father, or it can choose to learn from humans, so the name has two forms of noise."

Xiao Yi explained in a deep voice.

"Stay back a little bit, here is a hundred meters surrounded by the Great Elder's formation, in order to prevent the power of evil spirit monsters from overflowing and spreading."

At the moment when the two were talking, Yao Laogui, who had a keen sense of smell, reached out to stop the three, and his voice became strange.

"Okay!"

Listening to Yao Laogui's voice, the three of them retreated at the same time. After all, at this time, there must be no mistakes, otherwise the last chance will be in vain.

"Whoa!"

At the same time, it seemed to be affected by the breath of the four people. Inside the wide field, above the body of the Great Elder, the eyelids were tightly closed, and a black halo appeared on the left eyelid.

"Wong buzzing!"

When that cloud of black aura emerged, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi's bodies trembled uncontrollably, a huge pressure of hundreds of thousands of kilograms suppressed their auras and became disordered.

"Pfft."

Seeing this scene, the second elder Ma Lin waved casually, and the dazzling brown flame entangled both of them at the same time, and only then did the situation of the two be resolved.

"So strong."

Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan looked at each other, and immediately purple flames and amber flames surfaced on the surface of their bodies, and the stone box containing the elf seeds also held hands tightly.

"Now, what should we do?"

After being silent for a long time, Xiao Yan asked with a frown.

"Later, we will join forces to awaken this evil spirit monster together through the power of the formation, but we can't take care of you at that time."

"The holy flame should not be exposed too early, otherwise it will scare this guy away. After we succeed, you will lend us the holy flame and let us launch a fatal blow!"

The two looked at each other There was an extremely rare solemn meaning in their voices.

"Okay, let's do it!"

The voice fell, and the temperature in this elf's lair suddenly rose a lot. The bodies of Second Elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui lifted off at the same time, and the ancient and vast fluctuations tilted out like a tide.

"Yao Ji's flame!"

On the body of the second elder Ma Lin, purple flames like crystal treasures rose up. Although the power of the flames is not as strong as the purple flames in Xiaoyi's reincarnation seal, it also has the spirit of a holy flame. Its terrifying power of reincarnation has a divine aura that can purify all things.

"The flame of the soul!"

Yao Laogui roared, a blue flame on his chest, like a cold core that had been silent for ten thousand years, blooming alone, just released, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, who were hiding in the dark, shook violently and instantly solidified!

"What a terrifying coercion."

Xiao Yan and the two were afraid for a while, if the fluctuation of this level of battle were affected at all, I am afraid that the two of them would be turned into nothing in an instant.

Watching the two attacking unfold, the corner of Eliza's eyes, who had always been quiet, was slowly touched.

Like an ancient queen who has been dormant for countless years, she is about to wake up, and she is about to tilt her anger.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: