Chapter Vol 4 1428: 2 treasure chests!

"You know this thing?" Looking at Xiao Yan's fiery gaze, Yuan Yan couldn't help but complain in a low voice.

"Qiankun Yubi, this is a good thing." Xiao Yan smiled calmly upon hearing this.

"Big brother, I know this is a bit too much..."

"But this thing is extremely important to me... I'm afraid I can't let you." After thinking for a while, Yuan Yan's fat and tender little hands clenched tightly, then her eyes became extremely tough, and she spoke to Xiao Yan.

Yuan Yan still has a good impression of Xiao Yan. After all, no one can heal her sister's injury, but Xiao Yan has healed her in three strokes and five out of two. Even on this treasure hunt, she still takes care of herself everywhere, which makes Yuan Yan. Yan felt quite comfortable.

"This..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan frowned. Obviously, this Heaven and Earth Jade Wall is a good thing. If Xiao Yan wants to give up in vain, Xiao Yan will definitely not do it.

"Hey, little guy, give this to her."

"Trust me."

"You'll definitely be grateful for this approach in the future..."

"This guy has the ancestral pattern fluctuations... Maybe this little girl will become a great fighting formation master in the future." Seeing the two stalemate, the Lord of Soul Eater said with a smile .

"Ancestral pattern?" Xiao Yan heard the words, slightly surprised, but he was also a little relieved. The so-called ancestral pattern is probably the mysterious power on Yuan Yan.

"The grading of the core inscriptions is based on the four levels of the ancestors of heaven and earth, and the gap between each level is very different. Your current core inscription level is probably only a mere regional level."

"And the so-called ancestral inscription, although it is not the pinnacle of the core inscription, but the ancestral pattern on her body is a bit strange, so her future achievements, even if it is poor, is stronger than Du Tianhong." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Five-star fighting immortals in the future?" Xiao Yan asked in disbelief.

"It's more than that... But don't forget the identity of this Nizi Dou formation master, and with the help of this Qiankun jade wall, it will be possible to achieve six stars and seven stars in the future."

"When the time comes, imagine that a six-star or even seven-star fighting formation master who is strong enough to resist a million soldiers, that kind of potential and assistance is far from what the Qiankun jade wall is now compared to."

"Here you are holding the Qiankun Jade Wall, except that it can speed up the condensation of spiritual power in your body, there is no other effect." The subject of Soul Eater said earnestly.

"Then this Dou Formation Master's experience is about to be handed over?" Xiao Yan felt a little uncomfortable. After finally finding the legacy of a strong Dou Formation Master, he could not have come back empty-handed.

"Cough cough cough..."

"You can do this like this... This Dou Formation Master's experience and Qiankun Yubi are extremely valuable. She will definitely take out some treasures in her body and exchange them. We can't come here for nothing, right?" Said with a smile, obviously wanting to blackmail Yuan Yan viciously.

"That's not good... She's only a ten-year-old child." Listening to Soul Eater's treacherous plan, Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly and said.

"Big brother?" Seeing Xiao Yan's uncertain expression, Yuan Yan suddenly asked with a puzzled look, obviously she also knew the preciousness of the Qiankun Jade Wall, for fear that Xiao Yan would turn against her.

"This thing...and this thing."

"Here you are!" In an instant, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and shoved the Qiankun jade wall and the pale yellow scroll to Yuan Yan.

"Ah?" Seeing this, Yuan Yan gently caught it, then looked at Xiao Yan in a confused way.

"Take it..."

"There should be something extremely tyrannical in your body. These things are the best belonging for you." Xiao Yan's seemingly random actions left a deep impression on Yuan Yan's heart, so many Ten years later, this Yuan Yan has grown into an unrivaled formation master, and actually willingly served as the guardian formation master of Xiao Yan's Endless Fire Territory.

"Then I'm welcome!" Yuan Yan rubbed his fists, and then the Na Jie directly above the jade hand wriggled gently and retracted the scroll.

This scroll seems simple, but it records the life experience of this senior, and it is a treasure that is hard to find.

"Weng Om!" The next moment, the Qiankun jade wall held in Yuan Yan's hand, quietly turned into a palm-sized white jade-colored jade wall, and countless obscure ancient lines on the jade wall slowly spread, and after a while, the jade wall A gentle force slowly spread out, and then under the control of Yuan Yan, it blended into the center of his eyebrows.

"That's..." Seeing Yuan Yan's slow fusion, Xiao Yan suddenly noticed that at the center of Yuan Yan's eyebrows, a faint ancient pattern spread quietly, and even a trace of ancient patterns gave Xiao Yan a terrifying sense of heaviness.

"Core inscription?"

"The fluctuation of the ancestral pattern!"

"Crash!" All of a sudden, Xiao Yan only felt dizzy. Just when he wanted to do something, the core inscription of divine movement in his body also squirmed, so he drove the fluctuation away.

"This girl's core inscription level is as high as the ancestral pattern, and it is very close to the real divine pattern, but looking at this battle, I am afraid that this divine core inscription in my body has a lot of origin... But now I have only collected half of it. , the collection is complete, I don’t know the year of the monkey and the month of the horse…”

"But after the collection is complete, I'm afraid the power will not be weaker than this ancestral pattern." Xiao Yan said expectantly.

"Okay." After a while, Yuan Yan immediately stamped the Qiankun jade wall into his eyebrows and smiled.

"Big brother, there are two more treasure chests here, let's see what good things are there!" After speaking, the big watery eyes were like a treasure hunter, and he said quite happily.

"Squeak." With a sound, the two figures gently came to the side of the two wooden boxes. Without the protection of the stone and the formation, the wooden box was like a lamb waiting to be slaughtered.

"What is this..." The wooden box was easily opened by Xiao Yan without any precautions, and Yuan Hong Bao said immediately.

"Array of stones?" After a while, Yuan Yan's pink and tender hand gently protruded from the first treasure chest, and a stone with crystal silver and antimony appeared in his hand.

The stone seemed ordinary, but Xiao Yan felt that there were countless fluctuations of core inscriptions on the stone, and it seemed to be connected to a certain place in the Tianming Mountains!

"This senior... It seems that there is still some leftovers in the Tianming Mountains." After a while, Yuan Yan said with a stunned face. Obviously, he knew a lot of things with the help of the Qiankun jade wall and the scroll just now.

"Big brother, this stone formation is the core of the control formation."

"Having it means you can control the formation."

"And this stone formation is full of countless core inscriptions. I think, I am afraid that the formation controlled by the formation stone is in the Tianming Mountains!"

"If we meet at that time, we can easily control the formation with the formation stones!" Yuan Yan became excited when he spoke.

"On the way of the formation, the formations that can imprison the fighting immortals are all based on the core inscriptions, which are injected into the formation stones and control the entire formation to attack and defend."

"This is our Yuanzong's mentality and some insights into the practice of the formation. It should be helpful to you, big brother." The next moment, Yuan Yan opened his mouth, and just after the words fell, a silver scroll flashed in his hand. Immediately handed it to Xiao Yan.

Yuan Yan didn't know why Xiao Yan had a trace of the core inscription in his body, so this move was considered a reward to Xiao Yan.

"If that's the case, then I'm welcome." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately took the scroll and the array of stones into his pocket.

"Look at the second one." Waiting for Xiao Yan to finish packing, Yuan Yan immediately walked away towards the second wooden box with a look of anticipation.

"Remnant map?" The next moment, when Xiao Yan opened the second treasure chest, the originally quiet undead ghost and undead leaf in Xiao Yan's body burst into a crazy wave!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!