Chapter Vol 2 747: Ready to work

The next day, a large group of disciples had already gathered outside Wuzhuju. Some of these disciples were disciples of the Hall of Humanity and disciples of the Hall of Earth. They gathered here early in the morning to witness the success of the cultivation hall. The treasure of Xiao Yan, whether it is a registered disciple of the Human Palace or a disciple of the Earth Palace, all want to see this Xiao Yan with his own eyes, and at this time Xiao Yan can already be regarded as a disciple in the Burning Incense Pavilion. represents the strongest.

"Why are there so many people outside?" In the early morning, Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan's group got up early. After all, they all had the habit of getting up early to practice.

"I don't know, go out and have a look." Xiao Yan seemed to sense something and immediately spoke.

It's just that among the five at this time, Mu Feng's figure has long since disappeared.

"Hey, Xiao Yan, don't go out, a large group of people outside are looking for you." Mu Feng hurriedly appeared, and then came to Xiao Yan's side and said, apparently just came back from outside and knew the situation outside.

"Uh..." Xiao Yan was told this, and he immediately realized that these people outside the relationship are all here to watch the fun, so why don't they cultivate?

Xiao Yan felt a little bitter in his heart, and then said.

"It's better to get out of Jianju these few days, and have a good rest for a few days." Xiao Yan was helpless. He originally wanted to go to where his master Zhu Jin was, but now that he looks like this, he will be surrounded when he goes out, so forget it.

"Let's have a good rest here these few days." Several people had plans, and they directly locked the door of Wuzhuju, and then there was no movement.

When the disciples not far from the door saw this, although they were extremely unhappy, they could only do it. After all, you can't go directly to someone else's house, right?

In this way, ten days have passed as soon as the time has passed. During the ten days, Xiao Yan and the others also became more familiar with the exercises they had learned in the Dou Ji Pavilion.

"call."

"The heat has finally subsided." Xiao Yan gently opened the door of Wuzhuju, and suddenly found that there were no other disciples outside the door, and they should have gone back.

"Oh, Xiao Yan, Qinxin seems to have something to do with you. I came here to find you just now, and you didn't bother you when the door was locked."

"It looks like there is an urgent matter." After a while, Xiao just wanted to close the door when Ling Xuan suddenly appeared and said to Xiao Yan.

"Qinxin, something should have arrived."

"Alright, take advantage of the time now, let's practice that thing and talk about it." Xiao Yan had a plan in his heart, and then said something to Ling Xuan, and then walked towards the place where Qin Xin lived.

Along the way, even if Xiao Yan deliberately went to places with few people, he was recognized by many disciples. After he recognized him, he bragged to Xiao Yan for a while. Obviously, Xiao Yan was too famous during this period.

"It's finally here." After escaping those terrifying senior brothers, Xiao Yan finally came to the place where Qin Xin lived.

Walking in gently, I was surprised to find that the place where Qinxin lived was even bigger than the place where the five of them lived!

If this is not because of his unique talent, it is because of his superior power behind him!

However, Xiao Yan didn't care about these things, and stepped into the courtyard gently.

As soon as he stepped into the small courtyard, a scent of birds and flowers came. Obviously, this Qinxin is also a person who loves beauty, so Xiao Yan is not surprised.

"Strange, where did Xiao Yan run off to?" Above the small pavilion in the center of the courtyard, Qin Xin held a beautiful navy ring in her arms and opened her mouth slowly, apparently thinking about something.

This is absolutely extraordinary, this is Xiao Yan's first thought, but Xiao Yan is also a well-to-do alchemist, and he was restrained in just a few breaths.

"Qinxin, listen to Lingxuan say you are looking for me?" Xiao Yan's figure sounded unevenly.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Why did you come here?" Qin Xin was surprised when she heard the words, and then she was overjoyed.

"Ah, this is a long story." Xiao Yan sighed helplessly, and then explained the reason to Qin Xin in detail, causing Qin Xin to smile.

"Hey, it's really rare for us, the Burning Incense Pavilion, to be the first to have troubles." Qin Xin laughed immediately.

"Okay, don't make fun of me, other people don't know, don't you know, Zhu Yuan's strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor is not a blow, if you really fight, it's not sure who will die, but I'm also a little strange What the **** is Zhu Yuan doing?" Xiao Yan asked.

"He must have his own ideas for doing this, so don't think about it."

"By the way, I have already prepared the materials, when will we start?" Qin Xin seemed to know some secrets of Zhu Yuan's approach, and immediately changed the subject.

"Hehe, you can start now."

"But before I start, I still need to prepare. After all, although my current soul power has reached the level of a second-grade emperor-rank alchemist, I haven't really made a breakthrough, so it will take some time." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Do you still need to make a real breakthrough?" Qin Xin heard what Xiao Yan meant, but she was not unhappy at all. After all, refining medicinal pills was no trivial matter.

And if it wasn't for the other people in Xuan Santian who couldn't believe it, they wouldn't be looking for Xiao Yan.

"It seems that I still need to go to the Alchemist Association in Xuanling City. Only where can a real breakthrough be made Otherwise, it should be difficult in other places." Xiao Yan thought for a while, and suddenly opened his mouth.

"The Alchemist Association?"

"Go to Xuanling City?"

"The city of Xuanling is full of wind and rain today. It is said that the senior officials of the Xuanling royal family are about to change, and the entire Xuanling royal family and Xuanling city have become panicked. It is not wise for us to do this." Qinxin shook her head and refused.

"This breakthrough is by no means a child's play. If it is not as good as Xuanling City, there is still a place for breakthroughs. Could it be that I can go to Pill Valley?" Xiao Yan hesitated.

"Hehe, if those old guys in Pill Valley find out that you have holy flames on you, I'm afraid they won't let you go easily."

"But other than that, there's another place to go." Qinxin laughed suddenly after finishing speaking.

"Where?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a chill in his heart, as if this Qinxin was deliberately selling off.

"You are also familiar with this place. It's not other places, it's our Burning Incense Pavilion." Qin Xin smiled.

"Burning Incense Pavilion?"

"I remember that our Burning Incense Pavilion doesn't have a place for refining medicine?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"You, it's really a noble person forgetting things. You forgot that in our Burning Incense Pavilion, in addition to the three halls of heaven, earth and people, cultivation cave, fighting skills pavilion, and competition venue, there is also a refining pharmacy?" Qinxin has contempt. said.

"Hehe, it turned out to be a pharmacy, how could I forget about this." Seeing this, Xiao Yan coughed a few times to hide his embarrassment.

"Let's go now, the seniors in the refining pharmacy should welcome you very much." Qinxin said, and walked directly, the direction she was walking was the refining pharmacy.

"Refining the pharmacy, I really forgot." Xiao Yan patted his forehead and followed. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: