Chapter Vol 4 1001: The 12th evil soldier in the ghost world, the blood river bell

"Be careful, the bottom of this blood river pond is full of ghosts, and this riverbed can stand here all year round. It is not an ordinary thing." Soul Eater said quietly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan naturally knew the danger here, but with the treasure in front of him, there was no reason to back down.

"Crash!!" An extremely tyrannical ghost energy restrained Xiao Yan, causing him to continuously release the huge power of holy flame and soul to resist.

At this time, the bottom of the Blood River Pond had already turned into a dazzling jet black, surrounded by countless powerful ghosts, even Xiao Yan felt a sense of powerlessness.

"I can't take action in my current state, otherwise it will disturb some of the great powers in the blood river, so you can only take action yourself."

"And I see your breath, it seems that the suppression of you here is very strong, we must hurry up, our time is limited." The soul-devouring talisman floated in front of Xiao Yan and said slowly.

"I know!" Xiao Yan said coldly, and then with the help of holy flame and the package of soul power, he gently swam towards the riverbed below.

"Boom!" And when Xiao approached within three feet of the riverbed, a feeling of repulsion that strangers should not approach, directly sent Xiao Yan flying.

"Damn it!" Although Xiao Yan had already defended against the riverbed, how could he know that it was within three feet of its attack range.

Moreover, Xiao Yan was wrapped in khaki-colored holy flames just now. With the addition of his soul power, he formed a circle of protection around his body. All such means were instantly thrown dozens of meters away by the mysterious power of the riverbed.

"Although I don't know why, this riverbed seems to be a rare treasure." Xiao Yan gently adjusted his body aura, and then said softly.

"Are you alright?" Soul Eater asked.

"It's alright, but the riverbed seems a little weird." Xiao Yan Zaidu came to five feet from the riverbed and said softly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This riverbed is really mysterious. Even with my experience, I don't know about it." Soul Eater had no other idea for a while, so he could only talk.

"No, we can't go on like this."

"The ghost energy here is so strong, and the pressure on me is too great. Under this pressure, whether it is the power of the soul or the power of the holy flame, it is consumed too quickly."

"If we go ahead like this, I'm afraid something will happen." After a while, Xiao Yan's pupils flashed a serious look and said.

"What can you do?" Soul Eater asked.

"There is no way, but you can try it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he took off the ancient ruler of the eternal fire behind him, and then the khaki-colored holy flame appeared at the same time. The power of the ancient ruler of fire.

"This ruler is a good ruler." The Soul Eater Talisman said, and as holy flames appeared on the Ancient Ruler of Eternal Fire, the strange ghosts around them all retreated, as if they were extremely afraid.

"Fire!"

"Break it for me!" Although Xiao Yan didn't know that these ghosts were so afraid of the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, he didn't hesitate immediately. The ancient ruler of Eternal Fire suddenly lifted up and shot directly at the riverbed below.

"You little devil!"

"Be careful and smash the three treasures below!" The next moment, the Soul Eater scolded secretly, which was extremely painful.

"Don't worry, I'm measured!" Xiao Yan said coldly, then looked at the giant energy ruler below.

"Crash!" The giant energy ruler just got out of Xiao Yan, and immediately came into contact with the bright ghost energy, but luckily there is the existence of holy flame, so it roared directly towards the riverbed below!

"Boom boom boom!" In just a few breaths, the giant ruler directly hit three feet in the riverbed, and then a shattering sound slowly sounded!

"That riverbed is an extremely narrow space!"

"Xiao Yan, take advantage of this gap and hurry in." The Soul Eater Talisman also found that with the riverbed as the center, a ten-meter radius was filled with white cracks, as if Xiao Yan was strengthening his attack a little bit, and it would shatter. And go.

"Susu!" And the riverbed that was about to be shattered when countless ghost qi occurred, also exuded bursts of extremely greedy aura, waiting for the crack to shatter, it would suddenly pour into it!

"Space teleportation!" And Xiao Yan also knew the importance of the matter, he whistled directly, and then his figure suddenly disappeared. When he appeared the next moment, he was already standing on the riverbed. As for the huge energy ruler, it was taken by Xiao Yan. Dissipated away, but Xiao Yan was also choked by the pit, the river bed was filled with aura that was about to shatter, making people shudder.

That feeling, as if standing in a square glass, the glass outside is full of white cracks that are about to shatter. Once broken, I am afraid that these powerful ghost qi will cause a lot of pressure on Xiao Yan.

"Huhu, finally came in."

"I just didn't expect that this place is still a small space." Xiao Yan wiped the sweat from his forehead and said.

"Strange, why is there an extremely gentle feeling under your feet?"

"This feeling?"

"It seems that my power of life and death is being nurtured, and the power in my body is also increasing very slowly?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but said.

"Indeed, and that ghost qi's suppression of you has disappeared without a trace." At this moment, the Soul Eater Talisman appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan and said.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan asked.

"I don't know either, but it seems to have something to do with the thing under your feet." Soul Eater said, keeping his eyes on the blood river bell in front of him.

"Riverbed?" Xiao Yan naturally knew that Soul Fighting Skill and Blood River Bell were in front of him, so he was not impatient, but shifted his gaze to the riverbed under his feet.

"Sisi." The space was not big, the riverbed was about ten meters in diameter, so Xiao Yan squatted down gently, wiped the riverbed, and suddenly found that the always dark riverbed actually glowed with a hint of emerald green!

"do not care!"

"This riverbed must also be a treasure After the Soul Fighting Skill and the Blood River Bell are taken away, they will be taken along with the riverbed." Xiao Yan said directly, and he was not exploring the emerald-colored riverbed after he finished speaking.

"Is this the Xuehe Ling at the end of the Twelve Evil Soldiers in the Ghost Realm?" Xiao Yan got up slightly and said to the Xuehe Ling who was full of extremely eerie blood energy in front of him.

"Yes, that's exactly what it is!"

"However, although the Blood River Bell is extremely powerful, every time it is used, it requires a lot of blood energy."

"And this power of blood is, to put it bluntly, the blood of your human beings." Soul Eater said quite fiery.

"No wonder the grievances between the ghost world and the human world are so deep..." Xiao Yan naturally nodded after hearing this.

"Hey, although we have a lot of grievances between the ghost world and the human world, after you humans die, you will either go to **** or go to heaven, but most of the guys who have been damaged by others will enter our ghost world. Become the weakest monster."

"So you humans hate us ghosts, but in the end you turned into ghosts, which is really ironic." Soul Eater said.

"Okay, you put this thing away, remember to keep it carefully, don't let others find it, otherwise you and I will have to finish playing." Xiao Yan said, as for the three souls and seven souls, hell, heaven, ghosts, ghosts, etc., there is absolutely no such thing. care too much.

"No problem!" Hearing this, the Soul Eater Talisman did not shirk. A ghostly aura emerged directly and then swallowed the Blood River Bell directly, but Xiao Yan didn't notice that as the Blood River Bell was swept away by the Soul Eater Talisman Swallowing it, the breath of the Soul Eater actually recovered a bit.