Chapter 43: Bloodthirsty Dragon Lizard!

"It seems that their brains are flooded, and they don't take good fortune."

"But it doesn't matter, since that's the case, we also have one less opponent."

"Let's go!" The living dead who stole Xiao Yan's fake crescent moon green fruit said in disapproval.

"Miss, let's go too."

"I don't want it! I have to follow them!" Feng Yi said stubbornly. As an alchemist, she certainly knew the powerful soul power in Xiao Yan's body. Maybe Xiao Yan could give her inspiration to make a breakthrough! And she can feel that it is more important to break through the pharmacist rank than that great fortune.

Xiao Yan and the others landed on a huge gray-black tree. Their eyes looked straight ahead, only to see that there was a vast forest. The forest was full of trees that alternated between gray and white. These trees had no branches and leaves. , Only the bare tree trunks, from a distance, look like a forest of sharp spears, which makes people feel a chill.

However, Xiao Yan and the others didn't stop there too much. They directly locked the position in the middle of the forest, only to see a dead air filled there, a gray-white shadow snoring like a dream demon.

Because according to what the Golden Dragon King said, the dragon monsters live here!

Xiao Yan's terrifying soul force directly attacked the sky and covered the earth, directly piercing the thick dead aura, and the scene in the depths of the forest quickly became clear in his eyes, and he could only see a big tree in the depths. Down, a black shadow was entrenched, like a lizard, the shadow's body was actually dressed in black armor, the armor surface was entangled with death energy, and when the death energy fluctuated, even Xiao Yan's complexion was dignified. some.

The death aura possessed by this black monster is far more powerful than the living dead that Xiao Yan and the others have met before. Obviously, just from the perception of the aura, we know that this is a monster that can rival the four-star Dou Di.

"what?"

When Xiao Yan visited this powerful beast with the help of the clan mark, he suddenly let out a sigh, because he found that the armor on the beast's body seemed to be quite broken, and even on the surface of its body, there were deep and deep lines. Scarlet scars revealing gray bones.

And there are still some fresh wounds, apparently recently injured, and the death energy of this beast is also slightly disordered, as if it had experienced a war before.

"What?" Yue Ru, who was beside him, also asked in a low voice, looking at Xiao Yan who frowned slightly.

"This monster seems to have suffered some trauma." Xiao Yan also said with some doubts, he had used his soul power to visit the periphery before, and there were no other teams nearby. Where did this monster's injury come from?

Xiao Yanren was also a little surprised when he heard this, and immediately smiled. Said: "It seems that God really helped us. A wounded beast is better than a normal one."

Xiao Yan also smiled, he didn't worry too much about it, his eyes turned, looking at the death forest, his eyes flickered.

Yueru looked at Xiao Yan and said, "There are a lot of monsters in this area, but looking at the footprints, I think they were driven out by this demon dragon, so the demon dragon should have been injured because of this."

"Let's go! I will wrap you with my soul power and go in and have a look." Xiao Yan said. Xiao Yan felt that things were not so simple, and it was better to be careful. After all, this was a monster that was comparable to a human four-star Dou Emperor, a four-star Dou Emperor, if it wasn’t for the beast’s injury and the presence of the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan would The character of self-confidence is categorically not coming!

Although this lizard with dragon blood is extremely powerful, its perception of soul power is much weaker. As long as Xiao Yan and the others do not deliberately provoke the dragon lizard, it is impossible for the dragon lizard to find them.

When Xiao Yan and the others started rushing towards the direction of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard, the place where the dragon lizard was, had already been visited by a group of people, and it became extremely hot.

There were a large number of figures in white standing outside the entrance of the cave where the dragon lizards inhabited. An astonishing cold air permeated from their bodies. Even the temperature of this world was affected and lowered a lot.

In front of the large group of white shadows, there are two hunched old figures. Between these two people standing at will, there are two majestic cold and evil auras that slowly spread out, giving people a kind of Very depressed feeling.

Among the two, the most eye-catching is the old man in the middle. The old man had white hair and beard, and was leaning on a dragon-headed crutch that looked like a white jade. The dragon's giant mouth was wide open, and a pair of gloomy dragon eyes showed gloomy meaning. Compared with the famous old man, he looks extraordinarily ordinary, with no energy spilling out from his body, and even that old face is abnormally dry, with slightly squinted eyes, revealing a bit of turbidity. Ordinary old people have no difference at all.

What is surprising is that this seemingly unremarkable old man is standing in the middle of the team, and even the majestic white-clothed old man is half a step behind him. , Between the eyebrows, there is a little respect.

Around Jiankou, there are still many people watching the excitement, and when they saw this battle, they were all shocked, especially when they saw the special snow patterns on these people's clothes, it was even more There was a commotion.

"It turned out to be from Solomon?" Yueru exclaimed.

Solomon is one of the most powerful forces in this Mysterious Spirit Continent. Although there are few good or bad rumors, there is no doubt about Solomon's strength and reputation.

"Don't worry, let's take a look at their purpose first." Xiao Yan was also surprised that Solomon would also set his sights on this bloodthirsty dragon. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com

"These people have an unusual aura." The Golden Dragon King also carefully felt the aura of Solomon in front of him.

"Um?"

"I always feel that their strength seems to be a little floating, is it my illusion?" The Golden Dragon King murmured to himself.

"Dragon Lizard, we are here just to borrow your dragon blood." The white-haired old man who took the lead said to the bloodthirsty dragon lizard cradling at the entrance of the cave.

"Boom boom boom!" The bloodthirsty dragon lizard swung its huge tail angrily!

"Damn humans! If I hadn't been ambushed by you before, I would have killed you!" The dragon lizard roared.

These people in front of them actually poisoned themselves when they were eating, causing them to fall into a sluggishness for a second for a short time. The two old men headed by them did not hesitate to attack with all their strength. Although the Demon Dragon Lizard was enough to rival the four-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, but Now that he is seriously injured, and the two are also the peak of the three-star Dou Di, they are not their opponents.

And it can be seen that the dragon lizard is very afraid of the dragon-headed crutch in the hands of the white-haired old man, even afraid!

However, although the dragon lizard was seriously injured, how could the dragon beast give in so easily. Immediately facing the forest is a dragon roar!

"Boom boom boom!" Overwhelming monsters came from all directions, and among them there were three monsters that were comparable to the late Samsung Dou Di!

"Oops, this beast actually called its subordinates!"

"You're careless!" The white-haired old man at the head yelled badly, thinking that he could easily conquer the dragon with this dragon-headed cane.

"Prepare to fight!"

"You hold the other beasts, second child, follow me to kill this dragon lizard." The white-haired old man said.