Chapter 495: The infighting of the Medusa 1 clan!

"Green Flute, are you sure Xiao Yan and the others are here..." Not far from the temple, on the desert land, Mu Feng and Green Flute were slowly advancing.

"It should be right. According to what the blue-and-white snake said, this desert area is opposite to the Temple of Medusa. Xiao Yan and the others are likely to be here!" .

At this time, in the sky above the temple, the thunderclouds and the terrifying explosion had slowly dissipated, but anyone could see that such terrifying fluctuations were not something that ordinary powerhouses would be able to keep in battle.

The periphery of the temple is in a mess, sparks of energy of various colors can be seen everywhere, and the desert is sunken to varying degrees.

"What a terrifying confrontation... The background of the Xuanling royal family and the Medusa clan is really terrifying." Mu Feng murmured in his heart.

"By the way, Green Flute, why didn't you enter the temple of the Medusa family with the blue and white snake just now?"

"Isn't there the holy land that all of you snake people dream of?" Mu Feng said after hesitating.

"How can it be as simple as you think."

"Do you think who said that you can enter the Temple of Medusa if you want?"

"Let's not talk about the dangers in the temple, just because the ancestors of our Medusa family lived in the temple, I can't enter now."

"But I believe that one day I will enter in an open and fair manner."

"Break through the limitations of your own bloodline, and maybe you will be able to advance to the swallowing python... Then I will cover you." After the green flute finished speaking, there was a sweet smile like a crescent moon on the corner of his mouth, which made Mu Feng see it. Shen Shen slightly.

"I seem to sense Xiao Yan's aura, they are right here, let's go!" The next moment, Green Flute's pupils moved quickly.

"Let's go!" Mu Feng heard the words, and immediately looked around, no one followed the green flute in the future.

"Mu Feng and the others are near here. Let's look for each other separately. Be careful not to use your vindictive energy, otherwise it will attract the strong men of the Medusa clan." Xiao Yan said.

Xiao Yan and the others naturally didn't see Old Zhu finally freeing the Medusa clan, otherwise they would not be so careful on the Medusa clan's territory.

Several people separated, and then each went in one direction.

"Xiao Yan!" A clear voice echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

"I found it!" Mu Yingying smiled slightly, then quickly came to Xiao Yan's side.

"Are you all alright?" Xiao Yan saw that Mu Feng and Green Flute were all right, and immediately patted Mu Feng's shoulder with a big hand.

"Oh oh oh, it hurts!" Mu Feng extremely cooperated with Xiao Yan, and while speaking, he even made a really painful appearance, which made several people laugh.

"Isn't there someone from the Blood Blade Mercenary Group?" Mu Feng asked.

"They are separated from us, and it seems that there is something more attractive to them." Xiao Yi took over.

"That's fine, lest we go into the desert and encounter poisonous hands. After all, as teammates I don't trust, I dare not give my back to them." Green Flute said ruthlessly.

"Since the five of us have arrived, let's go to the desert first while Yu Bo, who is fighting now, has not subsided."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I can feel that there seems to be something I need in there." Xiao Yan smiled, and there was a rather hot feeling in his pupils!

Such a feeling not only stems from the flame that combines twenty-three kinds of different fires, but also stems from the burning decision in the deepest part of the body!

There is probably only one thing that can attract Fen Jue so much!

"Holy Flame!"

"It is said that the desert area is the three major Jedi in this lonely desert of death, but there are also countless treasures!"

"Let's go quickly, maybe we can get some good things. At that time, our strength will be improved to a higher level, or we can participate in the sect competition in a few years!" Mu Feng took the lead.

"Go this way." Xiao Yan covered his head with black lines, and then said to Mu Feng, who had gone the wrong way.

When the words fell, the group walked very slowly towards a strange desert.

Where is the so-called desert area.

"Follow Qin Tian, ​​don't let them run away, this time, I must let these Xuanling royal family see the power of our Solomon, and actually want us to kill Zhu Jin, if not for the strength of this half-immortal Zhu Jin, If we go three times, it’s just to die!” Liu Quanfang said with a grim expression, and after speaking, he turned into a black air, and slowly followed Qin Tian’s group with the two around him.

In another place, as Qin Tian and his party left, the Medusa clan and Zhu Jin also breathed a sigh of relief.

"You Medusa clan don't seem to be as united as I imagined." The eight leaders of Medusa and Shefu fell to the ground in front of them, and Qin Tian and his party also disappeared without a trace, and then Zhu Jin spoke directly.

"Cough cough..." Shefu coughed violently because of too much consumption, holding the somewhat broken Jiao Python staff in his hand. As for the companion spirit snake Xiaolu, he had already been defeated when Tiantian Python was defeated. Back to Shefu's body to warm up.

"Humph!"

"Humans, although you helped our Medusa family get out of the siege, I advise you to go back wherever you came from!"

"Any territory of our Medusa family never welcomes human beings!" Among the eight leaders, Mobal stared at Bamboo Ember in front of him with some dissatisfaction.

"Merbar!"

"Presumptuous!" Shefu's frail body said in an old-fashioned manner.

"Lord Snake!" Mobal said in a slightly puzzled voice, with a lot of resentment in his voice!

"I'm not dead yet, give me peace!" Shefu said angrily.

"Zhu Jin, what you said is not false, there are indeed some traitors within our Medusa clan." Shefu also agreed with Zhu Jin's words, and then the snake pupil slowly glanced at two of the eight leaders. bit.

Those two, a man and a woman.

The strength of the man in the later stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, he has a strong aura all over his body, and his dark brown hair is known to be quite dashing, while the woman is a powerhouse in the middle stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, and her strength is also quite good.

"Lord Shefu, the two of us are absolutely indistinguishable!"

"It's all that **** Angry East!"

"He promised us some benefits, and then let us help him. He leaked the news that the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python entered the temple!"

"He tried to collude with the Xuanling royal family and our Medusa to have a showdown, and this man is extremely ambitious, and seems to want to rule our entire Medusa family!" The man and woman knelt down instantly, and then suddenly spoke!

Although the two of them are also the two tribal leaders of the nine major tribes of Medusa, they are ranked quite low among the nine major tribes.

Therefore, the two of them are very clear about this Shefu's temper and thunderous tactics. Once the two are deceiving her, the end will not be easy!

"I read that the two of you are the leaders of the nine major tribes of our Medusa family. I will not punish you. If you commit any more crimes, you will be thrown directly into the skeleton of ten thousand snakes!" Shefu said coldly, the voice in the voice. The unrelenting voice made the two of them feel a little better.

"Since that's the case, it's time to understand the interior of our Medusa family."

"Although this Nudong is only a fourth-ranking nine-star fighting emperor, he has cooperated a lot with the Xuanling royal family in secret over the years. I am afraid that the strength of his subordinates should not be underestimated."

"The most urgent task now is to find this Nudong, and then deal with it according to the clan rules." The Snake King also said, and the Snake King was not used to Nudong's actions for a long time. Press it down, after all, when it comes to fighting alone, the Snake King is not an opponent of Nu Dong!

"Hahaha, looking for me?"

"Don't look for it, I'm not invited." A monstrous smile appeared on the desert, and then a burly figure appeared!

This person is Nu Dong, but next to Nu Dong, three mid-stage eight-star Dou Di strong and five seven-star Dou Di strong appeared immediately.

At the same time, beside that Nu Dong, a man covered in black energy looked quite strange!

Ask for tickets!