Chapter Vol 4 2125: Shock and serious injury!

"Boom!"

The disaster in the medicine world came to an end, and countless people slumped weakly on the barren ground of the medicine world.

This medicine clan festival is too dangerous.

The fearless heart palpitations made them feel extremely respectful towards Xiao Yan, the young man.

"Everyone, please come back."

"The situation is extremely bad now, and the Holy See will definitely not let it go. In three days, we will hold a meeting of the ancient races to formulate the next big plan."

"The sky of Douyun Continent is about to change."

Yao Wan, with his hands on his back, looked at this messy world of medicine and felt extremely reluctant to part with it.

The medicine world is now riddled with holes, and it naturally requires a lot of resources to restore it to its original state. Although the power of the two forbidden techniques has been hindered a lot by the unknown abyss, Yu Wei still has it.

"Farewell!"

Many powerhouses have left, and only a few people from the ancient race are left here. Even if they do their best, they must give their strength to this battle.

"How's Brother Xiao Yan's injury?"

After resting, Yao Yun, Yao Xuanyi and the others immediately surrounded Xiao Yan, looking at Xiao Yan's unconscious state, and said with great concern.

"The injury is very serious. I must take him back to the ancient clan to retreat immediately, and ask the seniors to build a space channel for me."

Xun'er also forcibly endured the weakness in her body and said.

"Yaoyun, call the Supreme Elder of our Yao family."

"In addition, we will strictly investigate everyone in our medicine family, and those who are not identified will be killed!"

Yao Wan Wan frowned and instructed the crowd.

"Yoshigui, Miss Xun'er, please bring Brother Xiao Yan with me."

"There is a holy place among the Medicine Clan, I believe that it will be suitable for Brother Xiao Yan's healing."

"In addition, we will donate one of the only two holy-rank eighth-grade pills in our medicine family to Brother Xiao Yan for recovery."

"Everything you need, just speak up."

"go."

The voice fell, and the tense busyness started here.

"Let's go too."

"I'm afraid it won't be in Taiping next."

The elders of several other ancient races took their disciples back one after another, but they did not expect that this seemingly simple medicine clan ceremony was actually so unexpected.

In the end, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's shot, I'm afraid they would all be destroyed in the hands of the Holy See.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

The geographical location of the ancient seven clans is quite strange. Just when the demon Xiao Yan and Lacey's forbidden technique attacked and broke the dimensional prism, countless rays of light and flames covered half of the sky of Douyun Continent, which looked extremely strange, and immediately let it go. Countless powerful people have noticed.

ancient.

"Master Patriarch, this movement came from the direction of the Medicine Clan, and looking at this appearance, it should be the Medicine World?"

Several famous elders in the ancient clan were attached to Gu Yuan, and Lao Mu looked at the violent energy fluctuations in the distance and said.

"Not only that, but even this breath, one of which is very similar to the Holy See powerhouse, but this extreme breath, I am afraid that it is not comparable to the Eight Star Fighting Immortals."

"The other one is somewhat similar to Xiao Yan who saved my ancient clan from danger a few days ago."

Gu Yuan stood above the ancient city square in the sky, looking at the medicine world with endless eyes, he couldn't help but speak.

"Patriarch, what do you mean?"

Several senior officials of the ancient clan on the side nodded with understanding.

"It should be close to ten."

"The relationship between the Medicine Clan and the Holy See is like water and fire. In addition, Xiao Yan is the murderer who killed the Holy See's wandering angel in the Star Continent a few days ago. I'm afraid things are not as simple as we imagined."

"Summon the Supreme Elder and go to the medicine world!"

"I'll go first, you'll come later!"

Gu Yuan gave an order, and suddenly his body broke through the void, and suddenly left towards the medicine world.

In other places, the five ancient clans, such as the spirit clan, also staged this scene, and summoned the elders of their respective clans to prepare for the next event.

Almost all the forces above Douyun Continent have been persecuted by the Holy See, especially the seven ancient clans, but due to the divine power of the Holy See, no one can resist.

In the Holy See, the three red-clothed archbishops have the strengths of the first, second, and third levels of reincarnation.

Even the so-called Pope, the dragon is even more terrifying, but the Holy See stewards above Douyun Continent are almost three red-clothed archbishops, so they can be so peaceful.

This is only their apparent strength, and there is no calculation at all that with the blessing of angel wings, their strength will become unprecedented and unparalleled!

Looking at the entire Douyun Continent, among the ancient races, even the strength of a few Supreme Elders and the slightly weaker races are almost only the existence of the Eight Star Dou Immortals, and even only the first entrants to reincarnation!

Similar to the ancient clan, the medicine clan, a high-ranking ancient race, the strength of the elders is only the first-level reincarnation level, half a step in the second-level realm!

This is also the fundamental reason why no force on Douyun Continent dares to resist the Holy See.

Because the Holy See is too strong, because of their so-called beliefs and obsessions, once they are detected, I am afraid that the huge family business can only be completely destroyed.

But things are different now. The appearance of Xiao Yan is like the last straw in their hearts being ignited. They have long wanted to resist the Holy See, so they are ready to launch a general attack with the help of Xiao Yan's ignition!

The Holy See is just a foreign force, but it has suppressed them for thousands of years, which makes them, the native residents, quite resentful.

"Brother Xiao Yan...you must not be in trouble."

"You promised Xun'er that when things on the Dou Di Continent settle down, we will go back to see Xiao Xiao and the others."

"A manly man, you can't take your word for it!"

In a quiet cave in the Holy Land of the Medicine Clan, the Golden Wheel Titan was transformed into countless ancient and mysterious rock blocks, forming a mysterious formation that enveloped Xiao Yan, moisturizing and protecting Xiao Yan's last ray of vitality.

"Xiao Yan's situation is very complicated."

"He has the power of a demon, but it is fused with the fire of holy flame. It stands to reason that he should be completely destroyed under the oppression of that extreme power."

"But he succeeded. He succeeded in creating an unprecedented fighting technique whose power is comparable to a forbidden technique!"

"But now his body is lacking in vitality. If it weren't for a mysterious flame continuing his vitality, I'm afraid he would have perished."

"That flame is somewhat similar to the immortal and immortal on the holy flame list, which is quite strange."

"But don't worry, everyone, this is the place where our ancestors of the medicine family realized the Tao, and it is also protected by the power of some golden-wheeled titan giants, which will definitely help him."

"In his current situation, he can only rely on himself."

Beside Yao Wan, a vigorous middle-aged black-haired man carefully inspected Xiao Yan's physical condition and shook his head.

Yao Family Supreme Elder, Yao Tianmo!

The peak strength of the first layer of reincarnation is now the highest-ranked eighth-rank heaven-level pharmacist in the medicine world!

Once the strength reaches the reincarnation, it has its own exclusive name.

"And you girl, I will personally refine the elixir to appease the source for you later. This time you have triggered the reincarnation seal too violently, and I am afraid that some sequelae will be left behind."

After a while, Yao Tianmo said softly.

"Thank you senior."

Gu Yuan nodded quickly.

"En Xun'er has confirmed again and again that Xiao Yan is fine, and a special power like mushrooms has sprung up in Xiao Yan's body, which makes Xun'er feel at ease.

"Wait and see, our Medicine Clan will do everything possible to save Brother Xiao Yan."

"Now he needs time."

"And we need time too"

"Send someone to guard this place day and night, and list it as the highest forbidden place in my medicine world, and the trespassers will be dealt with according to the clan rules."

After Yao Tianmo finished speaking, Xun'er also left to find a training room to retreat, and several high-level Yao family members and Gu Yuan went to the Yao family station together, as if they were discussing what happened in the next three days.

At this moment, the entire Douyun Continent became busy!

This time, it is still unknown whether it can rely on the power of Douyun Continent to expel the Holy See, or be destroyed by the Holy See.

txt download address:

phone-reading: