Chapter Vol 4 1885: The call in times of crisis, the whole people join the army! ...

"That's... the King of Ten Thousand Demons?" With the appearance of a rather vigorous figure on the round platform in the square, the pupils of countless monsters in the square shrank tightly, holding their breath and exclaiming.

The visitor is dressed in a blue shirt, and his strong body contains a terrifying demon aura that rivals the sky. The most important thing is that this man's eyes are quite beautiful, as pure and flawless as rough jade. out of magic.

Whether it is strength or character, Wan Yaowang is regarded as a wise and kind-hearted strong man in the demon world, so he is respected and admired by countless strong people, thus establishing his status as a demon king, and because he was originally a demon king. The emperor pointed out one or two, and he was also loyal to the demon emperor. He always believed that the demon emperor would come again, so he was one of the powerful demon kings under the Heishan Longlang who coexisted with time and power.

"I am the King of Ten Thousand Demons." The man in the blue shirt slowly showed his white teeth, and his gentle smile was like a soft light shining on the hearts of every monster, which was extremely warm.

"Monster King!"

"The King of Ten Thousand Demons!!"

"Monster King!!!" After the breath, the mighty monsters on the square roared in unison. Obviously, in the monster world, strength is still the best description, and the law of the weak is still vividly reflected.

"I have no choice but to issue the king's summoning order today. I hope your friends can understand."

"The reason why the King's Summoning Order was issued was because in the ancient battlefield, the personal guards and the army of Lord Heisha Dragon Wolf, who had been defending us, were jointly attacked by several other forces, and their life and death were uncertain for a while. You must contribute your own strength at this moment!"

"If we continue to shrink back like this, I am afraid that in the near future, Lord Heisha Longwolf will have no one to use, and if Lord Heisha Longwolf fails, then the other two strong monster army will come here in person, will We are too lazy to destroy and smash our homes to survive."

"The tyrant Tianxiong and the tyrannical army under the White Bone Demon King, I believe you must have heard of them. They are bloodthirsty, and wherever they go, they burn, kill, loot, and do evil, and nothing grows."

"I think that kind of situation shouldn't be what you want to see, right?"

"I have communicated with the other masters of the demon kingdom, and today I will coordinate the dispatch of troops and enter the ancient battlefield to help the Lord Heisha Longlang!" The Wan Yaowang said quite kindly, but for some reason, it seemed that the voice of the Wan Yaowang was in the It contains some kind of special magic power, and every word and every sentence is transmitted, causing the atmosphere of the same hatred.

"Disagree Disagree!"

"Demon King, if you have any orders or commands, just say it!" For a time, countless distinct green demonic energy spread from the body of each demonic beast in the entire Ten Thousand Demons Square, and immediately rose into the sky, rendering the place here. terrifying!

The green demonic energy is soaring into the sky, like the suffocating posture of a peerless demonic beast!

"Lord Heisha Longlang's army is in trouble, we naturally cannot sit idly by."

"Join the army, join the army!" A mighty and deafening demon sound resounded throughout the square.

"Starting today, for a month, all the monsters in the Myriad Monster Nation, except for very few special monsters and female monsters, I hope that everyone will actively join the army. After a month's time, the army will be organized and assembled, and I will personally lead our thousands of monsters. The army of the demon kingdom entered the ancient battlefield and joined forces with several other demon kings to rescue."

"I will not force you to join the army. For those who join the army voluntarily, after entering the ancient battlefield, I will personally give you a lot of training resources. Be part of history!" The voice of the Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons was mighty, causing countless sighs.

The Book of the Monster Book is a unique treasure in the entire Monster World. It can be summoned out of reincarnation if its strength is reached, and those who can be recorded in the Book of Monster Book will be qualified to step into the center of the Monster World and enjoy the way of immortality in the future. The records in the Book of Books are quite strange. It seems that monsters need to use blood essence to outline their names. From ancient times to the present, only the monster emperor can do it all by himself. All other monsters took a lot of time to outline. My name is taboo, and only after practicing hard, was I fortunate enough to step into the center of the demon world.

It can be said without hesitation that engraving one's name on the book of the demon book is not only a great honor, but also a kind of recognition of strength, which has an irresistible attraction to the spirits of the demon world.

"Demon King Shengming!"

"Where to sign up for the army!"

"I'm going!"

"I also need to go!"

"..." For a time, the entire Ten Thousand Demons Square was full of breath, and the monsters were surging.

"Sir, do you need to sign up?" At this time, the green-robed old man beside Xiao Yan asked gently. After all, Xiao Yan's identity was here, the green-robed old man could only ask cautiously.

"That's what I mean. Show me."

"By the way, can you send someone to send this girl to the mansion of Lord Liuwei?" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he immediately looked at Die Qi beside him, and did not forget to say to the old man in green robe.

"I'm not going back, I'm going to join the army with the adults!" Die Qi said stubbornly at this time.

"A girl's family, what's the style of fighting and killing?"

"Go back to me!" At this time, Xiao Yan's stern voice echoed in Die Qi's ears.

"But..." It seemed that Xiao Yan's sudden momentum made him a little dumb, Die Qi couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan with red eyes.

"It's good to be here, you are talented but not suitable for combat, maybe you are suitable for a position like commander?" Xiao Yan hurriedly comforted him for a while.

"Well...then I'll wait here for Lord Xiao Yan to come back, hehe." At this time, as if inspired by something, Die Qi couldn't help laughing.

And Xiao Yan didn't know what he said casually. In the future, he would cultivate a commanding genius in the demon world, and even in the second world war in the future, Die Qi made outstanding contributions to the strategy of Daqian World.

"Lord Six-Tailed?" After the breath, the green old man heard the words, and his heart was aroused by a raging wave. A piece of debris on his arm stirred up, and a soldier in armor came along with the breath, and the mighty general Die Qi was sent to the residence of the six-tailed adults There are many tyrannical forces in the Ten Thousand Demons, but only the six-tailed clan and the ten thousand demon king have a good relationship, and the six-tailed clan is also in the ten thousand demon country. It is a top-level force, and it has the handwriting of the ancestor of Butterfly Valley. When Xiao Yan entered the ancient battlefield, Die Qi actually obtained the inheritance of the six-tailed demon king, both in terms of strength and talent for commanding. promote.

"Sir, this way, please." After resting, the green-robed old man took Xiao Yan and slowly left Ten Thousand Demons Square and walked towards the registration office for joining the army. As an insider of Ten Thousand Demons, he was naturally very familiar with these areas. .

"Sir, just ahead."

"Well, don't bring it, you can go back." Along the way, the green-robed old man greeted him in various ways, making Xiao Yan quite uncomfortable. Seeing the destination approaching, Xiao Yan also indicated.

"My subordinates retire, I wish you a good result." The old man in green robe heard the words, and he also retire with understanding.

"This is the registration office for joining the army, it's really imposing and strict." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing as he looked at the imposing manor in front of him and the hundreds of serious-looking monster soldiers standing motionless around the manor. .

As soon as he finished speaking, he stepped into it without any hesitation. At this point, Xiao Yan's trip to the demon world was completely on the right track. I am afraid that he will emerge in the demon world soon. Xiao Yan can't take care of him, because he is running for his life with the demon of light, and the power of angels is still too reluctant for them. Under the attack, one was killed, one injured and one escaped.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.