Chapter 252: Soul Eater!

"The biggest nemesis of the soul body?" Xiao Yan was also surprised.

Because as we all know, the strong Dou Di can absorb the spiritual energy between heaven and earth to supplement themselves. During battle, even if the body is destroyed, they can rely on the advantages of Dou Di strong, and the soul can be based on the land of immortality. That is to have the opportunity to condense the body again and be reborn again!

When Xiao Yan fought against the Soul Heaven Emperor on the Dou Qi Continent before, even if he displayed great means, he still did not kill the Soul Heaven Emperor, which was enough to show the tyranny of the Dou Emperor.

Because of the battle between the Dou Di powerhouses, unless it is unilaterally suppressed, even with a powerful attack, it is impossible for the Dou Di powerhouses to instantly destroy their physical and spiritual bodies!

At most, it was seriously injured and fell!

But at the level of Dou Di, even if the soul power is too weak, only the body will fall, and if the soul power is no special means, it will still not be killed...

Xiao Yan also knew this from his previous battles with Wu Huan, so it is quite difficult to deal with the strong Dou Di, because even with an attack as strong as Xiao Yan, the only way to deal with Wu Huan is to seriously injure him, and then Being escaped by Wu Huan's soul body, but this is undoubtedly a return to the mountain. Xiao Yan believes that he will meet Wu Huan sooner or later.

However, even if he encountered it, Xiao Yan was not afraid. He was able to kill Wu Huan before. If he encounters him in the future, then with the Soul Eater Talisman in his palm, Wu Huan should be scattered!

So after hearing that my master, the Golden Dragon King, said that the Soul Eater Talisman in his hand is the biggest nemesis of the soul body, he is also overjoyed!

Because the current Xiao Yan's strength has just been promoted, it is impossible to increase his strength in a short period of time. If he has combat power, he has many means of annihilation lotus, different fire eternal ancient ruler, and leapfrog battle is not a bad idea.

When it comes to fighting, Xiao Yan's style has always been vigorous and resolute. As long as it is determined that it is an enemy, he will be killed with the power of thunder!

End to death!

Because Xiao Yan also knew very well that the real battle was a life-and-death struggle!

If there is no winner or one person is killed, then what is waiting for Xiao Yan is the endless pursuit!

Although Xiao Yan was not afraid, it was quite troublesome. After all, all Xiao Yan provoked were powerful people.

"Yes, this Soul Eater Talisman is the biggest nemesis of the soul body." The Golden Dragon King also saw Xiao Yan's brief surprise, followed by an uncontrollable joy.

Because this Soul Eater Talisman is what Xiao Yan needs now!

Xiao Yan has absolute confidence in his own strength. His strength is enough to kill many powerhouses of the same level. When combined with the magical effect of this soul-devouring talisman, the advantages of the Doudi powerhouses will also disappear. !

"Hey, Xiao Yanzi, don't you know that this Soul Eater Talisman was originally controlled by one of the four supreme powerhouses in the ghost world, and it can kill the immortal warriors in a flash." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Is it possible to kill Dou Xian powerhouses in a turn?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly at this time!

Xiao Yan can also imagine the power of the Fighting Immortal Powerhouse with his toes. Although the strength of the four supreme powerhouses in this ghost world is definitely not weak, the power of this Soul Devouring Talisman cannot be ruled out!

Soul Eater!

Not only the evil soldiers in the ghost world, but also the widely circulated magic in the world!

It is because this is the nemesis of the soul body!

People who have Soul Eater Talisman, to a certain extent, have the power of instant kill!

This is a real kill!

Even the power of the soul is an absolute instant kill that directly annihilates!

"This soul-devouring talisman is also the most mysterious evil soldier in the ghost world. I didn't expect it to be left in this soul-suppressing jade tablet. It is also a kind of fate to come to you..."

"Otherwise, this Soul Eater Talisman would not attack you so actively, and some special means would inevitably be used at that time." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"It seems that this Soul Eater Talisman is really a good thing..." Xiao Yan also stared at the emerald green rune in his palm and laughed.

"Although this is true, your current strength is too weak. According to your soul power, you can devour the soul body of a six-star Doudi powerhouse at most. If you are stronger, it will easily cause backlash against you..." The Golden Dragon King is also He looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"Enough!" Xiao Yan's dark brown pupils suddenly returned to a rare color.

"receive!"

"Now!" Xiao Yan also murmured, only to see the emerald green soul-devouring talisman in his palm retracted and reappeared under Xiao Yan's control.

Xiao Yan was also quite satisfied with this.

Then Xiao Yan clenched his fist tightly, and then murmured, "Soul Devouring Talisman..."

"When I meet someone like that Wu Huan this time, it shouldn't be a problem to kill them in seconds."

Xiao Yan also laughed at this time. From the moment he entered this soul-suppressing well, Xiao Yan knew that this trip would not be too smooth, but until this time, Xiao Yan had not encountered too many strange things, at most the seal blocking the door.

This obviously does not conform to common sense. Xiao Yan, who has always been careful, also put away the emerald green Soul Eater Talisman in his palm, and then slowly stared around.

Xiao Yan saw that the terrifying ghostly aura of the woman in white in the air seemed to have completely swallowed her up, only revealing a pair of bright eyes.

"It seems that the twin ghost emperors are going to succeed..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

"Senior Nine Soul Monument, do you need any help?" Xiao Yan also said in the middle of the red light opposite the woman in white. According to Xiao Yan's perception, the senior Nine Soul Monument was in the red light. In the middle, a breath is also rising.

"Hehe You really have a heart..."

"But I don't need it yet. I also contacted the Yinyue Sirius in the Infernal Corpse Forest."

"What you can do is to improve your strength as soon as possible and protect the Soul Eater Talisman in your hand, don't let it fall into the hands of others!"

"Especially the people from the ghost world!" A rather soft voice sounded in the red light.

"Yeah!" Xiao Yan responded softly, and then looked at the two terrifying auras in this space, and also had the intention of retreating.

"Master, let's go!" Xiao Yan also shouted loudly, although there are some medicinal materials and jewelry in this space, but at this time Xiao Yan is too busy to be jealous of these things, the strength of these twin ghost emperors is even Xiao Yan's Can't feel a specific measure.

"Susu!"

"You seem to have something familiar inside you..."

"Leave what's in your body!" The terrifying ghostly energy on the woman in white condensed a grimacing face, and then said to Xiao Yan.

Afterwards, some extremely thick black gas auras on the face of the terrifying ghost also attacked Xiao Yan!

"Yueru, Mu Feng, run!" When Xiao Yan was attacked by the black energy above the terrifying grimace, a wave of terror came from his heart.

Then, without looking back, look beyond the space and ignore it!

The speed has been increased to the extreme!

"Hehe, Yinxie, you must not take me too seriously." In the red light, there was the sound of the Nine Souls Monument, and then a red light also met the black chasing Xiao Yan. Qi, as soon as the two came into contact, disappeared instantly.

Ask for a ticket!

Why are there fewer and fewer recommended tickets!

After reading the book, let's vote acridine...  

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: