Chapter 139: Open up the inscriptions of life? Magic 4 fragments!

"What a polite little guy." The nihilistic figure also said after being silent for a while.

Xiao Yan also looked at the empty figure in front of him in a trance. Although he didn't know the exact strength of the Golden Dragon King, he thought that he was standing at the peak of the Great Thousand World just like his master Tuoshe Gudi, and he made his master, who had always been high-handed and low-handed. The Golden Dragon King can also praise so much, which can only show the strength of the fighting formation master in front of him.

Moreover, what Xiao Yan needs is really strong strength, in order to find the unsolved mysteries of his family, and to find his wife, in this strange Dou Di Continent, he needs his own efforts.

Although Xiao Yan has a burning decision, he can devour Sheng Yan to greatly increase his strength, but after all, Sheng Yan is too precious, so far Xiao Yan has no news, so Xiao Yan is also impatient.

"It's not easy to become a battle formation master. Although you have barely achieved your mental strength, the pain in it won't be the slightest bit." The shadowy figure also muttered worriedly.

"Senior, don't worry, no matter how difficult it is, I will persevere." Xiao Yan also smiled slightly.

Xiao Yan suffered from the humiliation of breaking off his marriage on the Dou Qi Continent, and he already possessed extraordinary determination. Then, by chance, he met his master, Venerable Medicine. Xiao Yan's willpower has been strengthened, so no matter how much suffering, Xiao Yan is not afraid.

"The so-called fighting formation master is to use mental power to describe scrolls, which is somewhat similar to the fighting skills scrolls. Most of the scrolls used to record fighting skills are the furs of some high-level magical beasts, but the production of fighting skills scrolls is to record their cultivation methods. On top of it, the scrolls used by the battle formation masters are more precious, and the scrolls used by the formation masters to record the formations will only be white."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Not only that, in addition to these basics, core inscriptions need to be engraved on the scrolls used by the formation masters. The more core inscriptions are engraved, the more powerful the formation will be."

"A true formation mage can besiege millions of troops in an instant!"

"Looking at your huge soul power already reaching the mortal level of the emperor realm, the spiritual power and the soul power complement each other, or you can reach the supreme realm in the future. Speaking of which, I am looking forward to your future achievements."

"After all, I was just cultivating my spiritual power back then, and I forgot about my soul power..." The Void figure also spoke slowly.

After Xiao Yan heard these words word for word, Xiao Yan was only deeply shocked.

"The time is limited, let's condense the inscription of life for you first." Void figure also said.

Just after the void figure finished speaking, the old fingers slowly lifted up, and then a white light reached Xiao Yan's mind.

"Relax." The nihilistic figure also found that the soul force in Xiao Yan's body seemed to be resisting, and the white light above his fingers was difficult to move, and then he said.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded.

The white light came straight to his head, Xiao Yan just felt that the soul power in his body seemed to meet an enemy, and he frantically resisted.

Xiao Yan was also stunned by this sudden action, and then frantically suppressed the huge soul force that was about to move.

The white light also saw that the soul power in the latter's body seemed to be temporarily suppressed, and it also slowly disappeared into Xiao Yan's mind.

As the white light entered, Xiao Yan, who was originally calm, also shrank his pupils tightly, because he felt that the seemingly inconspicuous white light burst into his mind with a monstrous power.

When the white light entered a place called Niwan Palace next to Xiao Yan's soul realm, a terrifying wave erupted, and Xiao Yan's calm face was also hideous.

In the Niwan Palace, the place that was originally the size of a finger suddenly grew stronger under the slow development of the white light.

Every time the white light revolved in Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's eyes became fierce. As time passed by, Xiao Yan's veins had already burst out, and his eyes were bloodshot.

"Now the training methods of Dou Formation Masters have been lost for a long time. If you can't hold on to it, give up..." The figure of nothingness also said.

"No...use..." Xiao Yan also gritted his teeth and spat out a few words, and then there were different degrees of bleeding from his teeth, nose and mouth.

"Hey..." The Golden Dragon King also looked at Xiao Yan's appearance, and then his eyes couldn't help but think of himself...

One minute……

"Ah ah ah!"

two minutes...

five minutes……

Accompanied by the small and pitiful spiritual power in the Niwan Palace revolving and accelerating, a peculiar voice also echoed in his mind.

"Bang bang bang!"

With three weak voices, Xiao Yan's Niwan Palace also opened up a place that was enough to accommodate the inscription of life.

Xiao Yan's eyebrows jumped violently. The so-called method of opening up is the most important way to become a Dou Formation Master, because only when his mental power has truly condensed into an inscription of life, can he truly Call it a fighter!

"Would you like to take a break?" Xiao Yan was relieved that the space in Xiao Yan's body that was large enough to accommodate the inscription of his destiny had been opened up.

"No need, do your best!" Xiao Yan also said.

The Void figure also nodded with satisfaction, condensing the inscriptions of life requires a lot of effort.

Then a pair of old palms slowly lifted up, and a pure white mysterious rune also appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

Just as the white mysterious rune appeared, Xiao Yan felt that there was a supreme power standing in front of him.

Because Xiao Yan felt the slightest solidification in the depths of his soul!

Too strong!

The evaluation given by Xiao Yan is!

"This inscription is called: Divine Movement!"

"Although it's only a quarter of the divine inscription, if you cultivate it, then you won't have any problems dealing with Dou Xian As for the other three, I don't know. Wherever you are, you will naturally meet if you have fate, and you can't force it if you don't."

"Shrink your soul power, the inscription of your life is about to enter your body!" The Void figure also shouted loudly.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also compressed all the huge soul power in his body into his soul realm. The Niwan Palace, which is opposite to the soul realm, also slowly trembled, as if he was very happy to see that white rune.

"Boom boom boom!"

As soon as the white rune touched Xiao Yan's forehead, the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead burst out, as if resisting the entry of the white rune.

"Could this Taoist language be..." The nihilistic figure also widened his eyes and looked at the ethnic pattern on Xiao Yan's forehead.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan was also surprised that he didn't find the empty figure in front of him, and then his mind moved, and the clan pattern became silent.

Without the resistance of the clan marks, the white rune entered the body smoothly. Just after entering the Niwan Palace in Xiao Yan's body, the soul realm on the side also erupted with monstrous power, because in Xiao Yan's perception, with the white life When the inscription entered the Niwan Palace, the originally huge soul realm was divided into two!

So no wonder no matter how Xiao Yan suppressed that terrifying soul power!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan also noticed that this soul force was madly resisting the entry of the white inscription of destiny. If he did not deal with the soul force of this confrontation, then Xiao Yan's body would be exploded and killed by these two terrifying forces!

Ask for a recommendation

ask for a ticket