Chapter Vol 4 1403: The ratio of Dongzhou, the curtain call!

"Okay, stop talking nonsense, let's bring out the contestants who entered the Thunder Grave first."

"After all, this competition has turned sour, and nearly ten months have passed." Duan Tianhong said after a while.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then the three of them also came to the valley.

"This is the entrance."

"Entering from here, it will be randomly introduced into the Thunder Tomb. As for the space scroll handed over to you, you can set it anywhere in the Thunder Tomb at will." Duan Tianhong instructed carefully.

"Then I'll take a step first." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, then looked at the squirming void in front of him, stepped on his front foot, and was ready to enter it.

"Wait a minute..." Looking at Xiao Yan's actions, Duan Qifei said.

"Fei'er...what's the matter?" Duan Tianhong asked in astonishment with a look of indifference.

"I... I'll go with him!" Du Qifei said after a while.

"Ah?" When Xiao Yan heard this, his head was covered with black lines. Obviously now Xiao Yan finally knew why Tianhong always mixed himself with Duo Qifei, intentionally or not. This old guy wanted to entrust his daughter to him. Own.

Every time he thinks of this, Xiao Yan's heart aches, as if he is admonishing Xiao Yan not to make mistakes all the time. After all, there are two sweet wives in the family. Although Cailin has acquiesced in Mu Yingying's existence, but Xun'er still didn't know that it was just a single Mu Yingying that made Xiao Yan's head big. If he provokes some women, I'm afraid Xiao Yan's end... is very bleak.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan muttered, and then rushed into the void with Du Qifei.

"Weng Om!" The two of them just rushed into the void, and in a flash of time, they returned to the Thunder Tomb.

"The evil forces in the tomb of thunder have been expelled. I think it is the result of many seniors sleeping here who felt the crisis and worked together." Entering the tomb of thunder, the two did not stop and swam around. Du Qifei said.

"This is a good third-stage competition. It is said that there is still the existence of fighting spirit. It's a pity..." Xiao Yan said regretfully.

"The fighting soul seems to have been controlled by the ghost clan from the very beginning. Although it didn't make a move, it turned into a bubble in the end..." Fei'erdai rolled her eyes and shook her head.

"How did you know?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"Grandpa Lei Jiao told me..."

"At that time, if Grandpa Lei Jiao was not trying to protect the things in the depths of the Thunder Pond, he would definitely save the three fighting spirits, but it's a pity..." Duo Qifei said.

"Forget it, there is no fate." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Follow me." After a while, the two of them swam for a while and found that they could not distinguish the space. Immediately, under Xiao Yan's feet, the dazzling spatial fluctuations wriggled, and it was a space shuttle handprint.

"Weng buzzing!" The space was closing, and it moved towards the Thunder Pond.

Thunder Pool.

"What's the matter?"

"It's been a few months since we entered the Thunder Pond. Why is there no movement outside?"

"Should you give up on us?"

"Impossible... Those who are in the Thunder City are still here, they shouldn't be, and it is said that the owner of the Thunder Valley is very kind, so he shouldn't do such a thing..." At the bottom of the Thunder Pond, a One of the contestants also had nothing to do. You said, I muttered, this kind of dark waiting is the most tormenting.

"You all give me some peace."

"The foreign evil clan attacked our East Continent this time, and they must have come prepared. I am afraid that the outside world has already been caught in a **** battle. You are so leisurely here, but you are still complaining..."

"Are you...are you still human?" Liu Qing, who was beside him, couldn't stand it any longer, and said in a sullen voice.

"Don't be angry, Miss Liu Qing, we just said it casually... After all, Yun Qi and Mu Ge have both gone into the depths of the Thunder Pond to practice." The onlookers couldn't help but explain, after all, Liu Qing's identity is very special, but it's not They can provoke.

"Crash!" After a while, a dazzling thunder of thunder wriggled within the Thunder Pond, and a tyrannical figure appeared slowly.

"This Thunder Pond is really a good place." Yun Qi Muge, headed by several people, said with satisfaction.

With the mysterious effect of Thunder Pond, Mu Ge's strength was completely stabilized in the initial stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal. Even Yun Qi and several other powerhouses had vaguely touched the threshold of the Three Star Fighting Fairy. It's messed up, but if you can live with such resources, why not do it.

"Is there still no movement?" Yun Qi's eyebrows stood upright, and her beautiful eyes stared at the void outside the Thunder Pond and said.

"Forget it, just wait." Mu Ge smiled.

"Weng buzzing!" With the appearance of many powerhouses who entered the Thunder Pond retreat, after a while, a wriggling spatial fluctuation was slowly born in the void of the Thunder Pond.

"Space fluctuations?"

"There are enemies?" Yun Qi's keen soul force exclaimed directly.

"This power... it's Xiao Yan!" Feng Yu, who was beside him, was very familiar with the fluctuations because he had played against Xiao Yan, and said in surprise.

"Hey, everyone, it's been a long time." As everyone's figures fell, the space fluctuations slowly took shape, and a man with a heavy ruler and a handsome figure came into everyone's sight.

"You bastard, I knew you were fine." Seeing this, Mu Ge's speed skyrocketed, and he punched Xiao Yan's shoulder. Obviously, the relationship between them was already very good because of the competition.

"Let's go, we're here to pick you up." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"The matter of the aliens...resolved?" Yun Qi looked at each other and said, obviously the aliens were not good.

"Don't worry, it's all settled. As for the specific process, I'm afraid you will need to go back and ask yourself." Xiao Yan's laughter just fell, and the space scroll in his palm suddenly shattered, and in an instant, a touch of rare space fluctuations suddenly filled the air. Come out and establish some kind of connection with this tomb of thunder.

"Sister Liu Qing... Welcome home Duo Qifei didn't idle either, she ran down, and then came to Liu Qing and gave a big hug directly. Obviously the two women have a very good relationship, but it's a pity Duo Qifei is much shorter than Liu Qing, and because of the distance between the two of them standing above the void, a hug made Du Qifei slam into the two soft peaks on Liu Qing's body. The texture is like Mutton white jade is generally natural.

"You."

"Let's go." Liu Qing's pretty face was flushed by such a scene of Duo Qifei, she snorted and then sank into the space channel together, but because of Liu Qing's special identity, she was impressed that Duo Qifei was at this moment. The aura on his body was different today, and there was even a power that she couldn't see through.

With the disappearance of the two girls, there was also a man with red eyes. The kind of treatment that just forged Qifei undoubtedly made their hearts warm, but there are some things, even if they can't have it, from a distance, there is a special charm.

After all, it can be seen from a distance and cannot be profaned.

Until now, the disaster of Dongzhou and the ratio of Dongzhou have also announced a complete curtain call.

.