Chapter Vol 4 2008: Holy Land Golden Cocoon, Xun'er!

"Squeak." Without any barriers, Xiao Yan and his party successfully passed through the space passage and entered the Holy Land, but along the way, they discovered that there were already many evil creatures coveting the Holy Land around the Holy Land. Fortunately, the Holy Land was protected by the powerful breath of the ancient ancestors of all dynasties.

"here?"

"Is it the Holy Land of the Ancient Clan?" Gu Yuan and Xiao Yan had just arrived here, and they couldn't help but say, especially Gu Yuan and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor, the bloodlines in their bodies began to heat up faintly, and a wave originated from The coercion in the depths of the blood and soul shocked the two of them. Obviously, this is the so-called holy place.

"This is the Holy Land." The worry on Peerless Heavenly Emperor's face dimmed slightly.

Such a big ancient clan, the senior members of the ancient clan and the clansmen actually followed the Tao of the foreign evil clan one after another, and were controlled by it. The entire ancient world, the ancient prison became the base camp of the foreign evil clan, which itself is a shame, fortunately, this ancient The most important holy land of the clan has not fallen, and it can be regarded as a little consolation in such a crisis.

"What a strange holy place." Xiao Yan frowned, looking at this rather barren land, a trace of golden flames were looming, and there was an extremely obscure ancient atmosphere in the distance, making Xiao Yan unable to help surprised.

Looking around, this so-called ancient sacred place is clearly a very rich land, majestic mountains, the terrain of the mountains is from high to low, the trails are quite rugged, and above the mountains, there are conspicuous coffins placed everywhere. On the way up the mountain, it's puzzling.

"What is that?" After the blink of an eye, Gu Yuan pointed to an ancient tree in front of him and said, his voice trembling and strange.

"What?" Xiao Yan and Peerless Heavenly Emperor followed the voice and saw a scene of a golden giant cocoon that was about tens of meters in the line of sight of the three!

On the golden giant cocoon, there are countless mysterious ancient golden patterns, forming a majestic beauty of dragon flying and phoenix dancing, and wrapped in the giant cocoon, there is a terrifying aura that makes the three people stunned!

"Golden cocoon?"

"Could it be that the rumors within the clan are true?"

"Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan is really the legacy of the holy flame. Only by mastering this flame can there be a slight chance to understand the holy flame?" Looking at this scene, a trace of ecstasy emerged on the face of the peerless heavenly emperor. .

"Pfft!" Just as the three of them were about to observe at close range, the scenery in front of them shattered, and it turned out to be an illusion.

"I have sensed Xun'er's faint breath, go to the top of the mountain!" After the breath, Xun'er's soul power on the soul jade shook slightly, Xiao Yan said excitedly.

"Pfft!" Just as Xiao Yan and the others were about to move, the severely injured **** snake and scorpion swayed slightly, apparently about to wake up.

"Then wait." For a while, Xiao Yan also stopped and stayed quietly beside Snake Xue'er.

The matter of the ancient prison and even the ancient clan must be completely resolved, and the terrifying power of the snake and scorpion blood, coupled with the sublime status, I am afraid to know a lot of things.

"Cough cough cough." The beautiful eyes just opened, and the only blood snake above the hair on the top of the head was shaking slightly, obviously this time the injury was too serious.

"Where is this?" Snake Xue'er couldn't help muttering in a low voice, because it gave her a rather soft aura, which was extremely strange, but it made her quite frightened.

"How many people do you have in your extraterrestrial evil clan army?" Xiao Yan asked with interest as he crouched beside the snake and scorpion blood.

"Little beast!"

"If it falls into elder sister's hands, elder sister will definitely rip off her skin and drink blood, so that you will know what the real despair is!" Seeing Xiao Yan's harmless face, the **** snake and scorpion roared hideously.

"Bang bang bang!" However, let the snake and scorpion blood roar how, the six layers of seals around him honestly suppress and seal it down, and there is no sign of breaking free.

"Hmph, if you don't want to die, just call it, otherwise..." In Xiao Yan's hands, the five-colored flames slowly wriggled.

"I won't tell you if you kill me." Snake Scorpion Xue'er sneered.

"Forget it, let's go to the top of the mountain first." After some inquiries, Snake Scorpion Xue'er's impregnable red lips couldn't be shaken, and the three of them shook their heads.

"Is this the so-called ancient sacred place?"

"Except for those vassal races living in the ancient clan, all the powerhouses have been controlled by us. Now this place has completely turned into a hell. You are just the humble ants who witnessed the coming of hell."

"Once my king succeeds, the entire Douyun Continent will be completely obliterated by him!"

"There are not many good days left for you, so enjoy it." Snake Scorpion Xue'er smiled grimly, and there was a maddening smile in the laughter.

"There's so much nonsense!" At this moment, a touch of energy from Peerless Heavenly Emperor's body directly hit the blood of the snake and scorpion, causing quite serious scars. dying.

"This..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan and Gu Yuan couldn't help but look at each other.

This guy is too cruel, right?

"Let's go, go to the top of the mountain to find Xun'er, and then we can only have a long-term plan."

"Now that the ancients are killed, I'm afraid there will be a huge challenge next." Peerless Heavenly Emperor was unable to shake his head, and immediately stepped out towards the top of the mountain.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded and rushed towards the top of the mountain with the blood of the snake and scorpion in a dying state.

"Strange, this majestic mountain seems to have buried countless ancient ancestors. Every time it gets closer to the top of the mountain, the pressure is extremely powerful." About halfway up the mountain, Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly, and the sweat on his forehead continued to emerge, even The steps are extremely heavy, and each step requires a lot of money.

"This is the resting place of the ancestors of the ancient clan. Anyone who wants to successfully climb to the top of the mountain will undoubtedly need a lot of consideration." Peerless Heavenly Emperor is also like Xiao Yan, but he still gritted his teeth and faced the top of the mountain step by step. go.

"Tear it!" In an instant, he seemed to feel that Xiao Yan was suffering so badly. The blood of the Xiao family in Xiao Yan's body was completely boiling, as powerful as a savage bull, and there was a complex touch between his eyebrows. The mysterious light pattern is also more and more dazzling!

Xiao clan tattoo!

In fact, the power of the clan lines between Xiao Yan's eyebrows has long been activated It's just that Xiao Yan has not discovered it.

"Xiao Clan?" Looking at this scene, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor stood upright in the same place, a touch of incomparable shock emerged in his heart, and the memories of the Xiao Clan emerged in his heart like spring water.

"Little guy, you guys are really lucky." Seeing Xiao Yan's emaciated figure in black shirt, Peerless Heavenly Emperor also followed slowly.

At the same time, at the top of the mountain, a golden scorching sun exudes endless splendor, and under the scorching sun, a golden giant cocoon pupa quietly crawls here. The breath in the golden giant cocoon is sacred and inviolable. A touch of light energy, like a sea fairy, endless fairy graceful aura, all on top of the golden giant cocoon.

At this moment, everything was silent, even in the golden scorching sun, a touch of power beyond heaven and earth slowly poured into the golden giant cocoon.

That kind of power is holy flame, but... it's also reincarnation!

Chapter List