Chapter : Testimonials

Before I know it, it will be on the shelves tomorrow.

I would like to thank Xiao Yuan and Maggie's two editors.

I would also like to thank everyone who encouraged me and rewarded my book friends in the comment area. I took screenshots and saved them. I will continue to work hard to write better stories.

In addition, it will be on the shelves tomorrow. The growth of the new book is inseparable from the readers. Tomorrow's first subscription is very important!

Very important!

Very important!

I hope you like the world I wrote, I hope you like the characters in it, and I hope its plot can affect you.

It was written by me with my hard work. I tried my best to conceive the plot and make it look more story-like, so that it can bring countless laughter and even moving to all book lovers.

Regarding piracy, I have always not supported the attitude of not encouraging and not scolding.

I've also seen pirated copies. When I was in school, I didn't have enough living expenses, so how could I have the money to watch the genuine copy.

However, I still hope that you can support the genuine version. To be honest, I think I spend a few hours a day coding and earning 1 cent per chapter. I deserve it...

I want to live too. I hope you don’t be stingy with the subscriptions in your hands. It’s only a few dollars a month when you get it all in, and then you can safely throw it at Lemon and say, “Take it and spend it!”

Lemons are so grateful!

The first order will determine the results of this book. As the saying goes, a soldier who does not want to be a general is not a good soldier. Here, Lemon urges you to throw all your subscriptions over. The growth of the new book, the recommendation ticket and the monthly ticket are also very important. Remember to vote, after all, these are the greatest achievements of the new book, and your support is my greatest motivation.

I am eager to be known by more people, every subscription, recommendation ticket, monthly ticket is very important to me.

Your subscription is the source of my efforts to code words!

Your reward is my motivation to double update!

Your monthly recommendation ticket is my bargaining chip!

The first order is very important!

Ask for a recommendation ticket!

Ask for collection!

Ask for the first order!

Ask for a monthly pass! (During the double monthly pass period, please vote for the monthly pass!)

(ps: This book is updated stably, never too much of the Virgin Mary! I swear by the life of lemons!)

Crab!

grateful to have you!

Listen to my story.