Chapter Vol 4 918: Dark Night Ghosts strike!

"The third among the top ten immortal weapons, the Ghost Destruction Dagger?" Looking at the exquisite and small dagger engraved with many obscure runes on the palm of Fen Tian's hand, Xuan Xin felt a violent uneasiness. Immediately exclaimed.

In the Xuantian three days, it is well known that there are ten powerful men, and after the ten powerful men, there are ten famous immortal weapons!

The power of these immortal weapons is quite extraordinary, and even some of the top five immortal weapons are said to have the power to destroy the strong immortals!

And this Ghost-destroying Dagger is the third-ranked immortal among the top ten immortal weapons!

The Ghost-destroying Dagger, as its name suggests, is made of extremely precious cold-ice black iron, even if it is an immortal warrior, it cannot be destroyed. Moreover, the method of making this Ghost-destroying Dagger has been lost for many years, but it is in the slightest Does not affect the prestige of this thing.

But what is really frightening is because of the destructive power in this dagger of annihilation!

Invisible search, the terrifying force that destroys everything!

"It's time to end." Fen Tian grasped the Ghost Destruction Dagger in his hand, his speed skyrocketed to the limit, and he stabbed him directly in the throat!

"This is bad..." Xuan Xin watched Fen Tian's powerful attack coming, and couldn't help but a mysterious look of panic appeared in his pupils.

The attack that he had just brewed was directly defeated by the unknown bastard. At this time, he could only rely on instinct to make some defenses, but for Fen Tian, ​​this defense was like a child's play.

"Plop." Behind a hidden rock on the seventh floor of the underground palace, a man with heavy feet on his back spurted out a mouthful of blood, his face turned pale.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Mu Yingying on the side couldn't help but asked worriedly.

"Haha, I'm fine." Xiao Yan wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth and opened his mouth slightly.

The soul attack just now was naturally sent by Xiao Yan.

Although Xuan Xin's attack and defense were successfully stopped in the end, Xiao Yan was not feeling well. After all, the powers of the two were vastly different. Xiao Yan's ability to use his soul power was indeed effective, but all of this was Fen Tian's cover. Even so, Xiao Yan couldn't bear the power that Xuan Xin bounced back.

"Your brother's breath..."

"Are you still here?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Here I am."

"It should be right behind that silver stone statue." Mu Yingying said, and then her eyes flashed with tenderness.

"Be careful, you can act as soon as possible." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the place was quiet.

"Die!" Fen Tian held the Ghost Destruction Dagger in his hand, and his figure flickered like an ethereal spirit. He came to Xuan Xin in an instant, and then his wrist was slightly twisted, and he skillfully stabbed towards Xuan Xin's throat!

"Dark night!"

"Save me!" Upon realizing this scene, Xuan Xin didn't dare to be careless, because the guy's murderous aura seemed to make Xuan Xin unable to help himself.

"Dong dong dong!" As Xuan Xin's voice just fell, suddenly, the Burning Heaven Destroying Ghost Dagger seemed to have stabbed into something extremely solid, and it didn't come at all!

At this time, Fen Tian's Ghost Destruction Dagger was only a thumb away from Xuanxin's throat. If it was a step forward, there was no doubt that the Ghost Destruction Dagger would pierce Xuanxin's throat!

"Ha ha."

"I've heard about Xuantian's famous Fentian for a long time, but when I see it now, my name is well-deserved." A slightly eerie and gloomy aura slowly sounded, and at the same time, Xuanxin's throat blocked Fentian's attack. Dark to the extreme black air slowly surrounds.

"People from the ghost world?" Fen Tian saw a mysterious powerhouse appearing beside Xuan Xin, he immediately put away the Ghost Destruction Dagger without any hesitation, then stepped back a few steps and looked at Xuan Xin's side vigilantly. That mysterious man!

At this moment, this mysterious man, with a pitch-black ghostly energy like flowing gas, kept turning on the surface around him, and his entire body was covered by a huge black robe.

However, this was the case, and Fen Tian also vaguely sensed that the mysterious man in black robe in front of him was also an immortal warrior.

"Cough, cough!" Seeing that the crisis was over, Xuan Xin coughed violently a few times, and then looked at Fen Tian slightly.

"Fentian old dog, can't you think of it?" Xuanxin's voice was full of indescribable laughter.

"It's really unexpected."

"But if you think that you can deal with me by adding a one-star Dou Xian, it would be too ridiculous." On Fen Tian's palm, the Ghost-destroying dagger slowly turned, and every time it turned, it would carry a huge murderous aura. .

"Dark Night Ghost, let's do it."

"As long as this guy is killed, the things you need afterward will naturally be indispensable." Xuan Xin said hideously.

"Dark night ghost?"

"You actually have an affair with the ghosts of the ghost world?"

"This is a big taboo for our Xuan Santian!" Fen Tian said with a face change in an instant when he heard the words.

Based on Fen Tian's experience, the three ghost immortals entrenched in the ghost realm outside Xuantian San have heard of them.

"Susu."

"What's the big deal, we are just a win-win cooperation relationship."

"And don't worry, if you all die, no one will know." After Xuan Xin finished speaking, a monstrous smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Dark night ghost in the lower ghost world." Hei-robed ghost stared at Fen Tian and said softly.

Dark Night Ghost Immortal and Xuan Xin did have some cooperation, so they came to rescue after Xuan Xin exited.

Moreover, the entrance to the ghost world of Xuan Santian is still under seal. If it wasn't for Xuan Xin's secret help, I'm afraid the ghost fairy in the dark night wouldn't be able to enter.

"Humph!" Seeing this, Fen Tian couldn't help snorting coldly. Judging from the strength of this black-robed ghost immortal, he should also be a powerhouse at the level of one-star Douxian perfection, a powerhouse at this level I'm afraid it's not easy to deal with.

"Dark night, let's do it, you and I, grab Fen Tian!" Xuan Xin thought for a while, still worried, and immediately said at Du.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the voice fell, the power of Sheng Yanzi's fire instantly extinguished on Xuan Xin's body, replaced by a heavy ghost qi, and the ghost qi also swept out of Dark Night Ghost Immortal.

"It's troublesome now..." Seeing this, Fen Tian couldn't help but become vigilant.

In order to hide his own strength, Fen Tian’s strength is only one-star Dou Xian Perfection, but if he wants to use this power to deal with the same one-star Dou Xian Perfection Dark Night Ghost Immortal and One Star Dou Xian’s mid-stage Xuanxin, it will be a little difficult. .

When the Xuanling royal family fought in the underground palace, Wen Zi also told Xuanling King the news of Dong Xuan's fall, and then Xuanling King was alone and slowly came to the sixth floor of the underground palace, where he waited quietly.

"It seems that Dong Xuan has indeed fallen, and even the mother of the fairy bodhi tree has been taken away."

"But it's fine."

"I hope the people in Burning Incense Pavilion will not disappoint me."

"When the time comes, let you all spit out these things!" King Xuanling didn't bring anyone this time, only himself and the source power of that blood demon!

Bloody and bloody, extremely evil!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм