Chapter 469: A one-time fighting scroll?

In Tang Tang's original hundred-zhang emerald-colored hurricane, a surprising scene appeared. Just when Tang Tang's speed increased to the extreme, he came one meter away from the hurricane, facing the fierce hurricane, It seems that Tang himself can be torn apart in just one click, but the next moment, Tang Tang's whole body exudes a dazzling white light.

After a breath of this white light appeared, Tang Tang broke out from the emerald hurricane poisonous miasma, and the jade hand lifted up instantly, and then the ring finger in the jade hand was light on the Medusa snake guard squad leader. Just a finger!

With Tang Tang's finger, on the jade hand, a hundred-zhang white finger light suddenly emerged!

The white finger light was like a ray of dawn in the dark night, and it slashed directly from the sky to the three Medusa Serpent Guards who were on the deep ground!

"Hmph... it's too late!" Just when this huge force of destruction appeared dozens of meters beside the Medusa squad leader, the pupils of the Medusa snake guard squad leader who had been closing his eyes suddenly opened, A huge power of soul suddenly appeared, and then instantly hit the finger of Tang Tang's hundred feet!

"Soul strength..." Tang Tang couldn't help but whispered, and then just wanted to strengthen his offensive, but found that his offensive was being destroyed by the Medusa snake guard squad leader with a devastating momentum. !

"What an annoying soul force!"

"But I'm leaving, there are so many obscure old monsters here." Tang Tang snorted coldly, and then a white and transparent aura emerged from his body, followed by a rather delicate scroll.

The scroll was covered with some extremely mysterious runes. Ordinary people could see the slightest difference, but at the moment when the scroll appeared, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank in the distance, and a shocked voice was heard in the into the space surrounded by hurricanes!

"One-time fighting skill scroll?"

"I didn't expect the head of the regiment to even take out this thing... This thing cost us a lot in the beginning. If it wasn't for time, I'm afraid the head of the regiment would not use it rashly..."

"But if we use this thing here, I'm afraid we will have a hard time in the future!" The coyote and the lone wolf said slowly.

"Don't worry, I think the head of the regiment should have her plan." The man with scars slowly stood three meters away from Xiao Yan.

"One-time fighting skill scroll?"

"What is that?" Mu Yingying looked at the scroll slowly exuding terrifying power in Tang Tang's hands, her eyes moved.

"A one-time fighting skill scroll is a scroll with a certain fighting skill power. The production of this kind of scroll is quite troublesome, but it is somewhat miraculous to use it in some places with strong restrictions!"

"A fighting skill scroll, to put it bluntly, is to store a certain fighting skill in a special scroll with special power, and then use it in times of crisis, with unexpected effects."

"Just like the terrifying finger that Tang Tang launched just now, it can all be recorded on the fighting skill scroll." Xiao Yi said.

"There's actually such a thing..." Mu Yingying was slightly surprised, then looked at Xiao Yan beside her.

For some unknown reason, Mu Yingying seemed to feel some strange fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body. Such fluctuations started from the soul attack from the Medusa Snake Guard Team Leader!

"Is this Medusa Snake Guard's brain flooded?"

"How can this bit of soul power be able to beat Tang Tang who hides his strength... But why does it make me feel a tremor..." Xiao Yan stared at the few people fighting outside the hurricane, and then The dark pupils flickered slightly.

"This is not pure soul power!" At the next moment, a wave of terror poured into my heart.

"That thing can't beat the Snake Guard Squad Captain, let your Captain come back!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly shouted!

Although Xiao Yan didn't know what kind of terrifying fighting skills were in the fighting skills scroll in Tang Tang's hand, Xiao Yan, with his powerful perception, felt a surge of soul power from the Snake Guard team leader. Extremely terrifying fluctuations!

The fluctuation even caused Xiao Yan's soul power to slightly vibrate.

"Captain, come back soon!" The scarred man hesitated for a while, but he still chose to believe in Xiao Yan. After all, Xiao Yan's small actions along the way were also taken into consideration by everyone. He opened his mouth, his grudges gathered, and then he suddenly faced Tang Tang. Speak up!

"What's the matter?" When Tang Tang just took out the one-time fighting skill scroll to get rid of the snake guard squad leader, Xiao Yan and Wu Yu's shouts appeared, and then Tang Tang glanced at the three snake guards unwillingly. , then turn around and run!

"Boom boom boom!" The soul force of the Snake Guard team leader hit the emerald hurricane, sparks scattered, and the momentum was menacing!

"damn it!"

"How could she be discovered?" The Snake Guard team leader gnawed his teeth, and then the invisible soul power instantly hit the emerald-colored hurricane!

"Boom boom boom!"

A terrifying energy ripple overflowed from the center of the explosion, constantly bursting out with sparks all over the sky!

With the appearance of this energy ripple, everyone felt a shudder in their hearts!

"Soul attack?"

"This Medusa Snake Guard squad leader is really terrifying!" Xiao Yan found that the energy ripple did not disappear, but attacked the seven of them at an extremely terrifying speed!

"Huangquan's anger!" A roar suddenly emerged from the poisonous miasma, and then abruptly resisted the energy ripples.

"Bang bang bang!" The energy ripples touched Xiao Yan's Huang Quantian's anger abruptly, and then slowly dissipated.

"Humph!"

"It's bad for me!" The Snake Guard team leader outside the hurricane was surprised, and then his eyes went directly into the poisonous miasma.

The attack of his soul just now, but the powerhouse that was enough to threaten the Seven Star Dou Emperor, was actually cracked by such a kid?

"Xiao Yan, thank you." Seeing this, Tang Tang understood why Xiao Yan was so shocked just now.

If you are hit by that soul power, it will have a huge impact on yourself!

It even affects the purpose of this time!

With Tang Tang's retreat, Xiao Yan and his party returned to the hurricane.

At this time, the emerald-colored hurricane was already as large as a hundred feet, and its momentum was so turbulent that I am afraid that with the strength of Tang Tang Eight Star Dou Di, I would not dare to resist it!

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

"The hurricane has been filled with poisonous miasma and we...were surrounded." Xiao Yan looked around the situation of his group and then said solemnly.

"Is there a way to break through... The destination is getting closer and closer, we can't stay with these monsters for a long time." On Tang Tangyu's hand, a very bright fighting spirit slowly condensed, and then put away the fighting skill scroll, Then he turned his head and asked Xiao Yan.

"Give me some time, this Medusa Snake Guard squad leader is a strong person with a strong soul." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Just after finishing speaking, Xiao Yan immediately closed his eyes and worked hard to condense the soul power in his body, and a terrifying fluctuation emerged spontaneously!

"She must be stopped, otherwise once Xiao Yan fails, our trip will be in a state of doom!" Tang Tang's face was solemn, even with her 8-star Dou Emperor-level strength, in the depths of this hurricane full of poisonous miasma, a A chill rushed into my heart.

"Let's go too!"

"Wu Yu, protect Xiao Yan!" The two coyotes also realized the seriousness of the matter, and immediately followed Tang Tang to prepare to break through this poisonous miasma, and then went to the Medusa squad leader!

"Captain, these people... not easy!"

"You can actually resist your soul attack!" The two Snake Guards next to the Snake Guard Captain said in surprise.

"That little guy with a heavy ruler on his back doesn't seem to be easy..." The snake guard squad leader's red lips pursed into a charming arc, and then said slowly!

A terrifying crisis fills the air!

Ask for tickets!