Chapter Vol 4 1754: The crisis of Xuanling Continent!

With dozens of evil figures like death gods being wiped out, the entire Xuanshan Fortress, under the management of Wu Tianyu, slowly maintained its proper order.

A few moments later.

The back garden of the City Lord's Mansion, which used to be quite quiet in the past, has become in full swing at this moment. The huge army of tens of thousands of people behind Xiao Yan, only hundreds of high-level officials poured into the fortress, and many strong people still remain in the fortress. Outside the fortress, otherwise such a mighty lineup would be enough to cause a panic.

After all, the resources of the Xuanling Continent are too weak compared to places like Li Soul Territory. If tens of thousands of Dou Immortals poured into the Xuanshan Fortress at the same time, the scene would be really scary.

"Hey, my lord, we didn't cause much fluctuation when we entered the fortress, so few people should notice it."

"And we only brought a lot of high-level people on this trip, and hundreds of people entered here." Huo Yi Huoyun and the others laughed.

"With so many people, it's hard not to be noticed," Mu Yingying said softly, standing aside.

"Sir." Looking at the dozens of powerhouses in front of him, Wu Tianyu suddenly felt dizzy. It seems that everyone here, with that level of strength, is far from what he can covet. Immortal's strength is enough to rank in the top 100 in Xuanling Continent, but at this time it actually looks like this...

"City Lord Wu, you've worked hard for the previous battle." Xiao Yan looked at the city owner's arrival, glanced at Mushui, and immediately stood quietly behind him.

"Hey, what are you talking about, adults, if it wasn't for the adults to arrive in time, I'm afraid our Xuanshan fortress would be in jeopardy." Wu Tianyu was flattered and declined.

"Haha, is this the so-called Doudi Continent..."

"A place where human beings are full of vitality is really suitable for us humans to live in, although the spiritual energy of heaven and earth is indeed low and pitiful." After a while, a young woman standing behind Mu Yingying laughed.

Tian Xin, in the middle stage of the Five Star Fighting Immortals, was specially sent by Xiao Yan to protect Mu Yingying. After all, Mu Yingying was burned by Xiao Yan, and even swallowed and merged with the fifteenth ranked Acacia Broken Enteritis, and her strength reached four. Xing Dou Xian was still worried.

"Sir Xiao Yan, now that the fortress crisis has been resolved, my subordinates implore you to rush back to the Mountain of Mysterious Spirit and save Her Majesty Queen Medusa." After a while, Wu Tianyu spoke solemnly and spoke slowly.

"I was about to ask that question."

"How many men and horses are there for those who invaded the Xuanling Continent?"

"Who is the leader?" Xiao Yan asked.

"They have about thousands of people, but the strength of each person is unfathomable, and the powerhouse at the head seems to be a woman in red..."

"What are the subordinates calling the demon queen?" Wu Tianyu tried to recall.

"Demon Empress... Poisonous Demon Empress?" Listening to Wu Tianyu's memories, Xiao Yan suddenly realized something.

"If I knew earlier, I couldn't let her go rashly." Xiao Yan said viciously.

"Elder Huoyun, leave a thousand elites to guard the border, other strong people, follow me back to the Mountain of Mysterious Spirit." Xiao Yan turned his head and said to an old man behind him.

"Yes, my lord!" Huoyun heard the words, and immediately left the back garden and went out to select elites. After all, the Xuanshan Fortress was quite important, and naturally he had to leave heavy troops to guard it.

"Sir, there is still a long way to go from here to the core of Xuanling Continent, but there is a space passage in our fortress, which can greatly shorten the time, but it can only accommodate dozens of people at a time..." Wu Tianyu said .

"Sect Master Huoyi, please take most of you and leave from the front. I will go first with dozens of elites." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Okay!"

"Everything is according to what the lord said." Huo Yi immediately understood the importance of the situation and said.

"My subordinates will send a staff officer to accompany you and lead the way for you!" Wu Tianyu said softly while watching this scene.

"If that's the case, then divide the army into two ways."

"Let's go." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan took Mu Yingying's jade hand and walked directly towards the space passage in the fortress.

For a time, the huge army was divided into two groups. One was led by Xiao Yan and stepped into the space passage. Dozens of top powerhouses were basically four-star and five-star fighting immortals. The other side was led by Huo Yi. The mighty army left facing the core of Xuanling Continent.

Another place, the core of Xuanling Continent.

Since the original Xuanling royal family was completely disintegrated, Xuanling City and Xuanling Mountain were disintegrated by it, and with the special construction methods of the snake people, these areas were changed into Xuanling Mountain.

The Mountain of Mysterious Spirit, this is a mountain range with a lot of energy from heaven and earth. The mountains are surrounded by birds and flowers, which are quite suitable for the survival of the snake people. Moreover, in the mountain range, there are strange buildings in the shape of snakes, which are curved and spread out, slowly emerging.

The buildings here are all in the shape of snakes, and at this time, in a magnificent snake-shaped palace, the top of the snake's head, in the palace.

"Hua Snake, how's the situation now?" In the top palace, countless purple crystals were paving the way, and in this huge palace, neat seats were arranged one after the other, like a conference room.

After a while, dozens of powerhouses slowly emerged, and among these figures, there was no lack of Fen Tian, ​​the pavilion master of the Fenxiang Pavilion, the elders of the Snake Clan, the sect master of the Poison Sect, and the senior leaders of the major forces in the Xuanling Continent.

"Your Majesty... Those mysterious guys are in a state of smashing power. I'm afraid it won't be long before the defensive cover of our coalition will be completely broken by them!"

"I'm afraid our situation will be in jeopardy by then." For a while, an old man spoke slowly and whispered.

"Where did these guys come from, and why are they attacking us for no reason?" Queen Medusa muttered on the beautiful throne standing on the seat of the conference room, quietly crawling, with her slender hand on her forehead.

"And looking at their intentions, it seems that they are coming for Her Majesty the Queen and the three pavilion masters." Hua Sheer's voice just fell, and she immediately looked at Queen Medusa and Fen Tian.

"call."

"Our snake people have cultivated for so many years, and we should show these evil people how powerful we are."

"Send the order to gather all the fighting forces in the clan, and once they are defended, they will compete with them." During the speech, Her Majesty Queen Medusa's body, on top of the thin plain skirt, burst out with five-colored energy.

Even under this five-color energy, the entire temple was filled with extreme silence.

After the Xuanling Continent was ruled by the Medusa clan, the distribution of resources was almost uniform, and the top strengths of most of the forces had increased to a certain extent, and the number of fighting immortals was also much more than before.

"Have you broken through the Five Star Fighting Immortals?" Fen Tian was also surprised when he saw this scene.

"I just broke through the retreat not long ago." Queen Medusa smiled sweetly when she heard the words.

Queen Medusa is indeed Cailin, and because of her possession of the bloodline power of the ten-colored devouring python, Cailin's current strength is quite easy to improve. You only need to achieve it by chance, so that you can continue to transcend the calamity, and the strength will be a natural breakthrough. .

Ten colors and ten colors, once you have passed the ten-color catastrophe, I am afraid that you will truly become the ruler of the sky, although now you have only passed the fifth catastrophe.

In the decades since Xiao Yan left, Cailin's strength has completely reached the early stage of the five-star Dou Xian, while Fen Tian's strength has only reached the late stage of the four-star Dou Xian. The strength is also four-star fighting immortal level.

"Everything is according to Her Majesty's words, and our Xuanling Continent is not a soft persimmon made by anyone."

"Swear to live and die together with the Xuanling Continent!" A mighty voice resounded through the sky like a thunder that shattered the sky.