Chapter 47: The weak 4-star Doudi strong man blew himself up!

"Hahaha! It's actually the remnant of the Fenglei family. If it wasn't for your father who desperately protected you, you might look different now." Bingtian also looked greedily at the girl in the colorful dress named Fengyi.

"Today is your day of death." Feng Yi said plainly, but anyone could see the frenzy in his eyes.

"Finally, I'm finally going to kill the enemy!"

"Father, I will report your shame!" Feng Yi roared in his heart.

The entourage who was in charge of protecting the young lady saw that the young lady was emotionally disturbed, and hurriedly tried to stop the young lady, but found a dark figure attacking Feng Yi.

"I can't live, but none of you want to live!"

"Hahaha!" Bingtian quickly approached Fengyi.

Looking at the icy sky that was rushing towards him, his body was rapidly expanding, and his body was exuding thick black air, obviously he wanted to die with Feng Yi!

Although the girl in the colorful dress was a little excited, she still did not lose her sense of reason. Seeing Bingtian whistling towards her, her body was covered in black energy and she couldn't help frowning slightly, biting her lips lightly.

Even in Bingtian, who was seriously injured now, the girl in the colorful skirt felt a terrifying aura from the black energy!

Feng Yi's feet suddenly moved, and her figure quickly swept into the sky. At the same time, her palms were spread out, and in her palms, a trace of silver space power flashed out.

"Space blockade!"

The girl in the colorful dress just let out a soft shout, and the space around Bingtian suddenly fluctuated violently. Immediately, the invisible space seemed to have become substance, turning into a space prison, wrapping Bingtian in!

Condensing such a real space prison is difficult for even the ordinary four-star Dou Di, but Feng Yi, a girl in a colorful skirt, is able to use the tyrannical power of the wind and thunder attributes to display it. out.

Of course, the most important thing in this is that the wind and thunder attributes originally have a bit of space power, and using this as a medium, she was able to mobilize the space power that is free between heaven and earth.

Moreover, the battle between Bingtian and the bloodthirsty dragon seems to be an understatement, but it is also seriously injured. Although he devoured all the Solomon people in the same way to supplement himself, he still underestimated the bloodthirsty dragon. Although he defeated the dragon in the end, in fact The last blow of the magic dragon was abruptly and severely injured Bingtian!

Bingtian, who was seriously injured, saw Feng Yi, a girl in a colorful skirt, and several of his followers, four three-star fighting emperors! He knew that this time it was going to be damaged here, but he was not reconciled, and he had to drag them to bury them when he died, so there was this scene.

The space prison has just taken shape. That Bingtian's body suddenly swelled to a terrifying level, and immediately, a shocking explosion appeared!

"Bang!"

The terrifying black energy air waves, like waves in the sea, swept away in all directions crazily.

On the other side, Xiao Yan just saw that Bingtian's self-destruction, and his soul force spewed out. He walked towards the body of the demon dragon, covering the entire body in a blink of an eye, as if it disappeared and didn't exist in the first place. Notice all this.

"Fortunately, I caught up, otherwise this terrifying self-destruction will shed its skin even if it doesn't die!" The girl in the colorful skirt also said to a few followers.

After resisting for a while, the space prison burst open directly. As a result, the mountain range in the cave that was originally occupied by the bloodthirsty dragon trembled violently as if it had been shaken. Huge cracks spread out like spider webs, and the beasts enslaved by the bloodthirsty dragons in the entire mountain range fell into a panic at this moment. The self-destruction, that power, is extremely terrifying.

Facing such a terrifying energy storm, Feng Yi, the girl in colorful skirts, could only avoid the edge for a while, and their bodies flickered, appearing directly above the distant sky, staring solemnly at the raging energy below. Lang, being so engaged by Bingtian, almost this mountain range will be turned into ruins.

In the distance beyond the mountain range, the red Dou Qi roared out like a cloud of fire, and on the cloud of fire, a slender figure stood with his hands behind his back, looking contemptuous, he ignored the many people who went to the main hall, just turned his eyes , and cast towards the place where the bloodthirsty dragon was.

Apparently, this arrogant son of Wucheng also sensed this terrifying energy storm. His face changed at the moment.

"The two old guys Bingtian and Bingwu actually blew themselves up. To be able to force him to this stage, that character is really terrible." Wu Huan suddenly felt a bit bitter in his mouth, the two old men of Bingtian and Bingwu He himself knows his strength, and he can be regarded as a true pride of heaven if he can force them all!

Wu Huan is also very clear, and he is not an indecisive person, and a fierce light flashed in his eyes at the moment, remembering that the so-called Xiao Yan also went in that direction, he couldn't help saying to himself: "This Xiao Yan is indeed very strange, Even if you are an imperial alchemist, but if you kill Bingwu and Bingtian, it doesn't mean that you will feel better. Solomon will never sit by and watch an elder get killed. Then... hehe. "

With a gloomy smile, Wu Huan turned his head decisively, waved his hand, and went to the main hall, speeding up again.

somewhere in the mountains.

Among the three attendants of the girl in the colorful skirt, an old man in white was also startled by Bingtian's crazy actions, and immediately hurriedly carried Feng Yi, shuttled through the forest like lightning, and finally his body flashed, Landing on the top of a mountain peak, looking down at the energy storm raging in the mountains could not help but take a breath.

"This old guy is really crazy..."

Feng Yi was also frightened by the destructive energy below, making her pretty face a little pale. Not everyone can see the self-destruction of a Dou Di powerhouse.

"To be able to force a Dou Di powerhouse to the point of self-destruction, this bloodthirsty dragon is well-deserved, and it is really scary..." The white clothed old man slowly raised his head and looked at the road above the distant sky. The blurred figure that has fallen, said with some sighs.

"But it's strange. The body of the demon dragon was clearly still here just now. Why didn't I find it?"

"It should have disappeared because of his self-destruction. It's a pity, but forget about it, let's focus on creation first!"

"Let's go, miss, his self-destruction won't even have his soul left, we should go to the main hall." The old man in white said after feeling it.

"Go!" The girl in the colorful skirt also left quickly.

"Is she all right?" Xiao Yan also swept across the sky, but his eyesight was far less than that of his master, so naturally he could not see Feng Yi.

"What can she do? That hand space blockade directly killed Bingtian's thought of pulling her to death." The Golden Dragon King smiled and shook his head, then said, "But she killed Bingtian, I am afraid that it is a real bad relationship with Solomon, and with Solomon's behavior, he will definitely send strong people to surround and kill him."

The raging energy storm in the mountains lasted for about ten minutes before gradually weakening. During this time, Xiao Yan and Yueru also retreated. This level of self-destruction, the scope of the impact is too large, and the size of the body is too large. It still stayed on the sky, and its eyes were gradually closed. But fortunately, the soul power is strong enough, and the two of them have not been discovered by the girl in the colorful skirt before.

​​