Chapter Vol 4 1995: Gu Yang is under control!

"Gu Yang, the lord of Gu Yang City?" Looking at the black man who was temporarily unconscious by the amber chains, Gu Qingkong's pupils shrank, and he quickly stepped forward, reaching out to the black figure to confirm in three. Lost voice.

"What?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned.

"Brother Xiao Yan, this is a city lord among the dozens of cities where the ancient vassal races are located." Gu Qingkong explained.

"Would you admit the wrong person?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"No, there is a black mole behind his ear, look." As he spoke, Gu Qingkong slowly pulled his palm behind the black figure's ear.

"Sure enough." Xiao Yan saw that there was indeed a black mole behind the black figure, and it was clearly innate, not like it was portrayed in disguise, and Xiao Yan's heart suddenly became even more strange.

If this guy is really the city lord of Ancient Yang City and manages a city where the vassal races survive together with Gu Qingkong, why do these things like this?

It seems that he took the initiative to attack just now, and the black aura on his body is clearly not something normal humans can possess.

"Weng buzzing!" At the moment when the two were discussing, the dark figure trembled, and after the blink of an eye, he suddenly woke up, his eyes were full of bloodshots, and he roared with his **** mouth and teeth and claws open.

"Susu... let go of this seat, otherwise you will definitely be asked to survive, not to die!" The black qi figure just woke up from the shock of the holy flame, and suddenly roared coldly, and the black qi around his body was constantly overflowing trying to resist Xiao Yan Sheng Yan's purification, but everything is just useless.

"There's... something on him."

"Back away." Xiao Yan's brows were only tightly closed, but after some sensing, he realized something and snorted coldly.

"Xuuuu!" Gu Qingkong hurriedly backed away, staying at the edge of the Acacia Flame Domain, looking at Xiao Yan.

"You worms are really everywhere." At that time, on Xiao Yan's body, the amber lustre was like a pierced pier shining on the sun, exuding endless sacred pressure, and the figures and figures also became huge.

"Humph……"

"Don't think that you humans are so noble, to put it bluntly, it's just a group of rabble, occupying the fat land of the Great Thousand World, but in the end, it is constantly destroying and absorbing, and it is also called justice... It's ridiculous. Ah." Hearing Xiao Yan's tone, Gu Yang's face sank immediately, and he didn't hide it.

"The Great Thousand World is not a place where dirty creatures like you can invade."

"Die!" Xiao Yan was too lazy to talk nonsense with him, and in the palm of his hand, a mass of energy lotus containing four-color holy flames slowly condensed.

The energy lotus is extremely dazzling. It lacks a trace of extremely terrifying violent energy, but it has a sacred power of purification. This thing is condensed by Xiao Yan with the breath of holy flame. Its purpose is to destroy the evil races outside the territory. Sexual repression.

"I fought with you!" Seeing Xiao Yan's thunderous means, Gu Yang didn't dare to say more, the black energy all over his body was squirming, surging like a demonic river, and the momentum was huge.

"It's too late!" A smile appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth. Under the subtle control of his own soul power, the energy lotus shot towards Gu Yang. There was no energy along the way, but a dead silence emerged. Under this power , even if it is an extraterritorial evil clan in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, there is only a sad end.

"Crack!"

"Aggressive!"

The sound of shattering and burning, Acacia in the Acacia Flame Realm, not long after, a trace of thick black energy from Gu Yang's body emerged directly from his body, running around and running away.

"He was controlled?" Looking at this scene, Gu Qingkong also understood something and exclaimed.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and Shun Qi followed the evil black qi that had just existed in Gu Yang's body.

"Let's talk about it." Xiao Yan blocked all the escape routes of the black qi energy in a weak state in one step, and asked without a smile.

"Evil Explosion!" Seeing that there was no way out, the evil black qi couldn't help but say, the whole body suddenly shrank, and after the breath, it expanded rapidly, and completely exploded in the Acacia Flame Realm.

"Damn... Miscalculation." Xiao Yan originally planned to use the power of holy flame to seal all its escape routes and ask for some information. How could he expect the latter to be so decisive and fall directly here.

"Chichi...Where am I?" After the evil black qi disappeared completely, Gu Yang's face was pale, he weakly opened his eyes, looked at the surrounding pink domain space, and muttered softly.

"Gu Yang, what's going on?" Gu Qingkong supported Gu Yang, and a steady stream of pure fighting qi was pumped into his body, soothing his weak body, and immediately asked with a frown.

"Gu Qingkong..."

"It's a long story."

"When I was in charge of Ancient Yang City, I heard that some terrible things happened at the core of the ancient world, so I was a little anxious and tried to investigate the matter, but I didn't know why it was someone else's way."

"My last moment's memory is also on the boulder square below. I found a way to enter it, but when I first entered it, I passed out in a coma, and when I woke up, it was already here." Gu Yang worked hard. Thinking back, after thinking about it for a long time, I can only say such useful information.

"This guy's initial strength of Eight Star Fighting Immortals should have a place among the evil things. I will try it as his identity." After a little deep voice, Xiao Yan also shook his head.

The situation of the senior officials of the ancient clan was unknown, and the people of the ancient clan were secretly stared at and had difficulty moving. Obviously, this important task only fell on Xiao Yan.

"Will it be too dangerous?" Gu Qingkong also flinched about this matter The seriousness of the matter exceeded his expectations.

"There is no other way, now the dead horse can only be used as a living horse doctor." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"The entrance to the ancient prison is the protruding part of the center of the two stone pillars below. This is the token, and it opens the passage." Seeing Xiao Yan so decisive, a dark black stone decree appeared in the field in Gu Yang's hand. .

"Leave it to me." Xiao Yan took the token and took a deep breath, covering his body with the evil aura. He immediately walked towards the entrance. With the existence of a devil's cube, it was extremely easy for the evil to imitate himself. .

"You said, will this guy succeed?" Gu Qingkong couldn't help muttering as he saw Xiao Yan's figure drifting away.

"I don't know, but during the time I was in a coma, I vaguely remember some vague fragmented memories. This ancient prison seems to be a hell..." As soon as they finished speaking, they also left slowly, but Gu Yang did not go back. , but under the arrangement of Gu Qingkong, it was hidden.

"Okay, Xiao Yan, so you are the little beast who blasphemed the Holy Maiden..."

"This time, I will let you die without a place to be buried!" Just as Xiao Yan was about to enter the boulder square in the depths, Liu Hao's figure slowly emerged, but the treasures he possessed made it extremely difficult for Xiao Yan to enter. aware.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: