Chapter 542: 3 Ye Xianlan!

The desert mountains made me laugh to death, a rather quiet place.

Birds and flowers are fragrant here, and there are flocks of monsters. It is obviously a terrifying gathering place of monsters in the desert mountains!

"I don't know where Xiao Yan and the others went..." Mu Yingying walked here casually, and then her lips moved slightly.

It was strange to say that no matter what kind of monsters encountered Mu Yingying, they would walk sideways, and there was no hostility towards Mu Yingying at all.

"Come here." Just when Mu Yingying hesitated, a terrifying voice came out of Mu Yingying's heart.

"The king here..." Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, then without a trace of fear, she went directly to the source of the voice.

As for Mu Feng, after separating from Xiao Yan, they came to a swamp!

It was eerie and eerie, and the evil aura continued to emerge, making Mu Feng slightly startled.

"There's such an evil aura here. Compared to ghosts these days, it's even more gloomy." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he was enveloped in a dark blue aura, and the wooden sword in his hand kept looking around.

"Shabu Shabu!" One after another terrifying evil creatures kept appearing from under the swamp, and then tragically died under Mu Feng's sword!

"Okay!" Mu Feng shouted, obviously quite happy!

Because this dead evil creature can't see the specific outline clearly, but after death, the power in its body is actually absorbed by its own cultivation technique, and then slowly transformed into its purest power.

"This place is really a good place!" After Mu Feng finished speaking, he stepped up the offensive in his hands. Here, he might be able to absorb a lot of power.

Then there is the green flute. Since the green flute separated from them, it came to a forest. There is nothing else in the forest. There are only some boulders. The boulders slowly surround it, and it seems to form a formation!

"Look, we should be separated by five layers of waste..." After Green Flute finished speaking, she also concentrated on dealing with the problems in front of her.

The passage for the four of them is linked to the top of the desert mountain!

At the bottom of the mysterious lake where Xiao Yan was located, after a short period of time, the terrifying attack also wiped out the mud!

The next moment, a dazzling light flashed out, illuminating the entire lake!

"That thing actually came out... This Xiao Yan is really terrifying!" Snake Xing, who was located 500 meters away from Hu Bo, said slightly.

Snake Punishment naturally knew about the treasure in this lake, but the mysterious soil seemed to be difficult to deal with, so Snake Punishment was powerless.

At the bottom of the dark lake, after the soil was melted and disappeared by Xiao Yan's flame, a beautiful picture suddenly appeared in front of several people.

As the soil disappeared, a small hole about the size of a fist appeared at the bottom of the lake. Above the small hole, a mysterious plant was exuding terrifying power!

It was a plant with three leaves. The rhizome was as thick as a human arm. The root was located in a small hole. It seemed to be giving energy from the small hole. With Yan's perception, he was surprised to discover that the aura emanating from this thing was even more powerful than any plant he had ever seen before!

"Sanye Xianlan?" An exclamation came from the snake spirit's lips in an instant, and then the snake spirit's big watery eyes stared at the mysterious plant at the bottom of the lake.

"Sanye Xianlan?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this!

Because he knew the value of this Sanye Xianlan!

This three-leaf celestial orchid is comparable to the category of some emperor-rank second-rank heaven-rank top elixir!

Just because this is Sanye Xianlan, a mysterious thing with countless legends!

It is said that among Sanye Xianlan, there is a great chance. At the beginning, there was a human who was only a seven-star Dou Di. He got Sanye Xianlan. When he was in retreat for ten years, when Du appeared, his strength was already a real Dou Xian!

The gap between them can't be made up by a little bit, so this also creates the terrifying value of Sanye Xianlan!

"This thing belongs to me." The snake spirit said solemnly.

Immediately put down the snake jade in his hand, the figure burst into motion, facing the three-leaf celestial orchid.

"Wait, this thing must be weird!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to make a move, Long Yi said.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately noticed that the snake spirit's eyes seemed to be covered with a looming gauze mist.

Xiao Yan was relieved after looking at the three-leaf celestial orchid at the bottom of the lake, the light all over his body was exactly the same.

"Humph!" With a cold snort, the invisible soul power spread out instantly, and then the snake spirit suddenly retreated!

"Cough cough cough..." Snake Spirit regained consciousness, and immediately coughed violently.

"This thing is really weird. Just because I looked at it one more time, I fell under its control, **** it!" Snake Spirit said slightly.

"Okay, I've brought you this thing. Whether you can get it or not depends on your own fortune." After the snake spirit finished speaking, it went straight back to the octopus monster, constantly swinging the conch, following the snake spirit's movement. Swinging like this, the snake jade seemed to wake up slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate. Since the snake spirits were all right, they brought him here, so there is no reason not to take this Sanye Xianlan.

"But this thing seems to be a bit difficult to deal with." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, and then a terrifying strength burst out in an instant, freezing the space here, in order to prevent Sanye Xianlan from escaping!

After all, something that can be compared to the level of Dou Xian is definitely not an ordinary thing.

"There are various legends about the three-leaf celestial orchid but I'm afraid not many know how to do it." Long Yi suddenly said.

"It doesn't matter, let's take it away first."

"And the small hole where the roots of Sanye Xianlan are located is the only way to leave this place." Xiao Yan said slightly in a low voice.

"It's not too late, let's get started." Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly sat up in the void, and then the soul force disappeared, replaced by a rather weak spiritual force!

"How many secrets does this Xiao Yan have?" The snake spirit said slightly. Obviously, although this inexplicable power on Xiao Yan's body is small, the danger to the snake spirit is no less than the power of the soul just now!

"I think there is no good way to deal with this Sanye Xianlan. Now it's better to trap it in the formation, and then take it out." Xiao Yan analyzed something with his strong perception.

Because at this time, the space around Sanye Xianlan was extremely small, but Xiao Yan still found a trace of anomaly!

The space around Sanye Xianlan must have a formidable restriction. If she jumped on it so recklessly, it would be like a moth to a fire, seeking its own death!

So now I can only use the formation to trap it, and I will find a way after I go out!

"The core inscription of life, give it to me!" Xiao Yan roared in his heart.

Immediately, the core inscription of the divine movement that had been at Xiao Yan's Nigong Pill suddenly trembled strangely. The next moment, huge inscriptions were directly condensed out, and then gathered in the array scroll in Xiao Yan's hand. !

"Beam of fairy silk vines!"

"Give me a bundle!" A arrogant smile suddenly echoed in the space at the bottom of the lake! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: