Chapter Vol 4 1322: incomplete intelligence

"Are you alright?" After doing all this, Duan Tianfeng turned and asked Xiao Yan.

"Cough cough..." Xiao Yan coughed violently a few times, then his figure became unstable, and he faintly became weak. Obviously, the mysterious person's self-destruction just now caused a lot of damage to Xiao Yan.

"Forget it, you can go back to rest first. After you rest, go straight to the finals."

"I believe that after these two games, no one will have any gossip." Looking at Xiao Yan's appearance, Duan Tianfeng made a decision in his heart.

The men in black have vanished into thin air at this moment, but this is also the fault of their forging sword Thunder Valley. After all, if it wasn't for the purpose of laying a long line and catching big fish, such an unidentified person would definitely not be brought in.

After defeating Mysterious Man, Xiao Yan at this time has successfully advanced to the top three. There will definitely be a bye in the semi-finals of the top three. Just this place is given to Xiao Yan. Duan Tianfeng wants to make up for Xiao Yan's guilt. , otherwise, because of their fault, let this mysterious person enter the game, and because of what happened to Xiao Yan due to self-destruction, they will lose such a talented guy, I am afraid they will feel uneasy.

"Since that's the case, then I would like to thank the third master." Xiao Yan forcibly supported his body, said a word, and left the competitive mountain range independently, heading towards his residence.

As for the others, they also watched Xiao Yan's back leaving and muttered in their hearts, "This Xiao Yan, I'm afraid this time he will become a favorite with Mu Ge to win the championship."

Following Xiao Yan's departure, other matches were also proceeding in an orderly manner.

"Hey, it's good to be deceived and pass the test." Xiao Yan had just returned to his residence, and suddenly the tyrannical soul force emerged directly, and the protection of his house was tightly sealed. It didn't look like a weak state at all. The weak state just now was just a Dressed for Du Tianfeng to see.

However, there is no way to do this. The mysterious man's self-destruction just now gave Xiao Yan a chance to obtain a trace of the source of his soul. When the mysterious man completely fell, the source of his soul would disappear with his fall, so he naturally had to take advantage of the time to restore the source of his soul. The information in it was deciphered, and this was the scene of muddle through.

"You bastard." The Master of Soul Eater also appeared and said with a smile, how could he not know Xiao Yan's careful thoughts, but he was quite happy with Xiao Yan's actions.

"The guy just now is clearly a strong soul from the Soul Clan, and from his words, it seems that the Soul Clan already has a lot of information about me." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"This is natural. After all, the strength of the Soul Clan is the same as your Xiao Clan, which is the eight major races of the ancient times. Among the eight major races, the Xiao Clan is the first, and the Ancient Soul Clan is the second."

"Although their two clans are not as tyrannical as the Xiao clan in your heyday, their background cannot be underestimated," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"Yep."

"And most importantly, he knew he couldn't beat me, but he still blew himself up and died with me, which undoubtedly shows that they want to get rid of me..."

"He even said, what is the feat of the soul clan?" One question after another kept bothering Xiao Yan.

"Let's take a look first." The next moment, Xiao Yan was no longer guessing in confusion. He flipped the palm of his hand, and suddenly a dark spot of light appeared slowly.

This light spot is a trace of the soul source obtained by Xiao Yan after the mysterious person's self-destruction just now. With this trace of the soul source, Xiao Yan can naturally detect some useful information.

"Hope you don't let me down." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and his dazzling soul force probed him away.

"Gululu." Strange voices continued to gather from above the light spot, and there was a rather tyrannical resistance vaguely, but no matter how the light spot resisted, it finally collapsed under Xiao Yan's offensive. .

"This is..." Ten minutes later, Xiao Yan's pupils were wide open, and the light spot had disappeared without a trace.

"How's it going?" Seeing Xiao Yan opening his pupils, the Soul Eater asked.

"This soul source only records some incomplete information, it is not complete." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"This soul clan has always been mysterious and low-key. I'm afraid this guy's fall was also within their expectations, so it's not surprising that this is the case." The Soul Eater shook his head and said, obviously not holding much hope.

"But..." Xiao Yan nodded in agreement after listening to Soul Eater's words, but the next moment he spoke again.

"What?" Seeing Xiao Yan's speech, the Master of Soul Eater knew that Xiao Yan must have found useful information from the source of his soul.

"In the origin of this guy's soul, it is vaguely recorded that the two forces of the Soul Clan Soul Palace are adding a rather mysterious force. The alliance of the three forces has jointly attacked the Thunder Valley of the Forging Sword in this East Continent ratio. , seems to be for revenge..." Xiao Yan reluctantly deciphered the information.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The three forces..." The Soul Eater nodded thoughtfully.

"Furthermore, it seems that in the Thunder Valley of Forging Blades, there is a great power with a high status who is an undercover agent among their several forces, but this guy's strength has not reached that level, so I don't know who it is." Xiao Yan opened his mouth and said.

"It seems that these guys can't stand it anymore..."

"If it is revenge, I am afraid that these three forces are related to the foreign evil clan, that is, the soul clan and the soul palace may have an affair with the foreign evil clan. As for the third force, if it is not what I expected~www.mtlnovel. com~ I'm afraid it's a sin." The Soul Eater shook his head.

"Sin?" Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

Although this Soul Clan and Soul Palace are the same in power and race, they are two completely different powers. If the two powers add sin, I am afraid that this East Continent will face a life-and-death crisis.

"It even mentioned Duqifei."

"Their purpose for the first time was not only to attack Leigu for revenge, but also to bring down Forge Leigu, and to capture Du Qifei was also the main purpose." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"Is it Du Qifei, the daughter of the Valley Master of Forge Thunder Valley?" The Soul Eater heard the words, his eyes flickered, as if he had thought of something.

"Master, why does Du Qifei make the strong souls so rooted in her heart?"

"Does she have any secrets..."

"Why didn't I notice it?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask, even with Xiao Yan's tyrannical power at this time, he didn't notice any difference in Du Qifei, but why was he cared about by these guys?

"I'm not sure about the specific reasons, but since they target Du Qifei, you should try your best to protect her no matter what..."

"After all, the feeling this woman gave me doesn't seem to be that simple."

"Her specific identity needs further verification from me." The Lord of Soul Eater said softly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded, also aware of the importance of this matter, and immediately did not make a sound, and was sorting out the information in order to prepare for the next finals.

. Mobile version update fastest URL