Chapter Vol 4 1561: Xiao Yan's management method!

"It's been a while, so it's not going to happen, right?" Elder Huo Xun couldn't help worrying about the empty space above the martial arts stage and the banquet. All are bad.

The ten three-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouses are certainly tyrannical, but Xiao Yan is the prototype of the domain, which can increase his strength to a certain extent and weaken his opponents. So what they are worried about at this time is the ten powerhouses of their Myriad Fire Sect.

"Pfft, puff!" Just as the voice of the elder Huoyun fell, the void in the center of the competition platform slowly wriggled, and suddenly several figures suddenly poured into everyone's sight.

"This..." The corners of Huoyun's eyes couldn't help jumping violently when he saw this. Obviously, the ten people who came out were obviously the ten people from their Ten Thousand Fire Sect who stopped Xiao Yan, and the figures of these ten people were quite embarrassed. A burning smell is extremely pungent, and even the breath is sluggish, like a dead dog being thrown out of the void.

"Hoohoo."

"It's really been a long time since I was this happy?" Xiao Yan was the last to appear, and immediately cast a glance at the ten extremely embarrassed people, and clapped his hands.

"Xiao Yan, you are going too far!" Looking at this scene, Huo Liuxin couldn't help asking, and the anger in his heart grew stronger.

"Sect Master Huo Yi, now, there shouldn't be any doubts, right?" Xiao Yan ignored Huo Liuxin, but his eyes slowly turned to look at Huo Yi.

"Although your strength is weak, your combat power is comparable to that of a four-star fighting immortal."

"However...you have defeated my Myriad Fire Sect powerhouse several times. Today, let this Sect Master come to meet you in person." As soon as the voice fell, Huo Yi's brocade robe shook for a while, and he turned around and disappeared into the seat. It came to Xiao Yan's side.

"Sect Master, this is absolutely impossible!" Seeing this, Elder Huo and Great Elder Huoyun couldn't help but persuade.

Huo Yi is the current Sect Master of Wan Huo Sect, and his strength has reached the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian, and the strength of the middle stage of the four-star Dou Xian is far from comparable to some ordinary four-star Dou Xian in the early stage, let alone Xiao Yan's three-star Dou Xian. The strength of the later stage, this level of battle, but the gap is too much.

"Xiao Yan accepted the kindness of the two elders, but I was thinking of meeting Sect Master Huoyi." Seeing that his goal had been achieved, Xiao Yan did not flinch.

The middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal is extremely tyrannical. If Xiao Yan does not use the methods of holy flame and swallowing the flame to press the bottom of the box, he may become a serious problem for his own confidants, but Xiao Yan is not afraid of this, after all, for the next management preparation, Naturally, it is necessary to deal with some powerful enemies, so as to advance in the fastest time.

"Sect Master Huo, please." Xiao Yan made a gesture of invitation and said.

"I'm a fire attribute. I don't like to procrastinate when I fight with people. If you can't resist, then give up and admit defeat." On Huo Yi's pale cheeks, a hint of pride flashed. Obviously, this guy can be a fire. The master of the sect must have some kind of skill in pressing the bottom of the box.

"..." In an instant, Xiao Yan stood quietly on the spot, ignoring Huo Yi's words, his eyes slowly closed, trying to communicate with the spiritual palace in his soul realm.

"This guy... what are you doing?" The ten strong men were quite embarrassed, and slowly fell back on their seats. Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, they immediately wondered, they just lost if they lost, after all, in Xiao Yan In Yan's special space, Xiao Yan's power is too tyrannical, the Great Heaven Seed plus the power of the formation space left them with nothing to do, and they were defeated.

"Wait...this is..."

"Wonderland-level soul power?" In an instant, following Xiao Yan's actions, all the powerhouses in the field, except the sect master and the great elder, were temporarily suppressed by Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power. !

"Sir Xiao Yan... I have something to ask you." After a while, the dazzling soul power of Xiao Yan continued to flow out, and the elder Huoyun said with a serious look.

"First Elder, may I ask." Xiao Yan closed his eyes and slowly opened his mouth, his soul power was continuously released, trying to compete with Huo Yi.

"Sir Xiao Yan...is a pharmacist?" Huoyun couldn't help but ask, looking at Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power with some fiery heart.

"Boom!" Great Elder Huoyun hadn't finished speaking, and a circle of invisible soul energy ripples suddenly spread out towards the entire competition stage with Xiao Yan as the center.

"I should have thought that the strong person who can possess the soul power of the fairyland is naturally a pharmacist of the fourth grade of the fairyland..."

"My subordinate, Sect Master Huo Yi of Wan Huo Sect, is willing to submit to the management of Lord Xiao Yan!" The next moment, Huo Yi, who was trying to fight Xiao Yan, knelt down on one knee and said respectfully!

A powerhouse in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals, and even the master of a sect, and in front of his subordinates, being able to achieve this level can already explain a lot of problems. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Sect Master Huo, please get up quickly, this kid is a last resort, I hope the sect master will not blame it." Seeing that his goal was achieved, Xiao Yan also became kinder.

"This guy... is actually a fourth-grade immortal pharmacist?" In the next moment, many experts who were stunned by Xiao Yan's soul power couldn't help but said.

The scarcity of pharmacists in the ghost world has made this profession a god-like position in the ghost world, not to mention a fourth-rank immortal, even if Xiao Yan is only an emperor-level pharmacist , Wan Huozong will also try to cultivate.

"My lord, we used to have eyes but didn't recognize Mount Tai... From today onwards, the experts from the Myriad Fire Sect will be guided by Master Xiao Yan and Master Xiao Gui." After a while, Huo Yi also swore directly, he knew, A fourth-grade immortal pharmacist, with such a powerful vision, is a bit terrifying. With him, I am afraid that it will be much easier for Myriad Fire Sect to step into the top forces in the Central Territory.

"Xiao Gui, distribute the things." Seeing that the high-level officials here became convincing for a while, Xiao Yan also nodded and said, obviously at this moment, the opposition to the two of them in the Ten Thousand Fire Sect has been completely erased.

"No, these are some third-grade emperor-level medicinal pills that my eldest brother refined before, and they are all distributed to you." When Xiao Gui heard the words, he directly took off the black cloth on the basket and immediately a bottle of medicinal pills jade bottle. , appeared in the public eye.

"Big deal..." Seeing this scene, the hearts of those present couldn't help shaking violently.

So many pills are enough to add a lot of strength to their sect.

"Send my order."

"Anyone in the sect who encounters the bottleneck of a two-star fighting immortal or a three-star fighting immortal can come here to receive the spiritual liquid, which can increase your cultivation time, as well as many medicinal herbs for healing and cultivation."

"Reward those who have made meritorious deeds in the sect, and those who have made mistakes will be punished!" Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Yes, my lord!" Huo Yi couldn't help but become overjoyed when he heard the words.

He waited for this day for too long, but fortunately, he finally got a perverted guy like Xiao Yan. This time in the sect competition three years later, their Myriad Fire Sect is enough to grow into a truly tyrannical top force.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~