Chapter 150: Conditioning training!

Hearing this, everyone frowned slightly. Obviously, Wanjianmen was the head of the nine super sects in the Xuantian three days and was a little surprised.

"Don't be surprised, this Wanjianmen acted upright and did nothing sneaky, so the leader of the nine super sects is also worthy of the name." Wang Zhong also tried his best to say, obviously between Wanjianmen and Jianzong, Wang Zhong is obviously Wanting to join Wanjianmen, after all, this is a giant-like force in Xuantian three days. Compared with Jianzong, it is also much stronger, and its cultivation resources and experience will be much more.

The huge information was also slowly surrounding everyone for a while. Obviously, they could not accept so many sects in a short period of time, so everyone also had to plan for their own sects.

"Since that's the case, I wish you all the best of luck!" Xiao Yan also said when he saw that everyone was absent-minded.

When everyone heard the words, they also left one after another and walked towards their room. Obviously, the information had to be digested, and they decided to join that sect. And he has to work hard to restore his peak moment to cope with the mysterious selection of Xuan Santian.

After several people left, Xiao Yan also got up to go back to his residence, but found that Yue Ru had not left.

"Yue Guliang, do you have anything else to do?" Xiao Yan also said, obviously after Yue Yu's entrustment, if he could help Yue Ru, Xiao Yan would not delay. After all, when he was in Qingcheng, he received a lot of care from Yueyu.

"Um."

"It's nothing."

"I heard before I came here that Wucheng, Mu Family and Solomon seem to have some connection, so you must not join Solomon when you arrive at Xuan Santian, be careful." Yueru also said softly.

"Well, I see."

"Go down and have a rest. If you have anything, call me at any time. I'll live opposite you." Xiao Yan also responded.

"Yeah." Yueru replied softly and walked towards her room.

"I hope it will be better when Xuan Tiantian joins the sect. After all, we..." Xiao Yan looked at Yue Ru who was far away, then shook his head and said.

After clearing the wine table a little, Xiao Yan also returned to his room, and then the huge soul force also placed a restriction in the room in order to isolate others from exploration.

After all, when you're out and about, it's always right to be careful.

Cross-legged on the bed, closed his eyes to adjust the breath in his body.

Originally, because of the fusion of the power of the original fire in the twenty-two middle schools and the soul avatar in Wucheng, the weak soul power is slowly recovering towards the peak.

The Golden Dragon King also saw that Xiao Yan had placed a restraint on his soul, so he also floated in the room with confidence, watching Xiao Yan conditioning his soul power, he hesitated, but did not disturb Xiao Yan, he sat down quietly and waited for Xiao Yan Conditioning is complete.

Xiao Yan also closed his eyes and rested his mind. On the one hand, he adjusted the soul power in his body wholeheartedly, and on the other hand, he carefully felt the changes in his body.

If the soul power at his peak is an ocean, then the soul power after the injury is also depleted by most, but fortunately, Xiao Yan also has medicinal materials to heal the soul power, so the soul power is also recovering at a speed visible to the naked eye. write.

The other place separated from the soul realm is the Dou Formation Master scroll obtained from the ruins. The inscription called "Shen Mo" is also hanging in Xiao Yan's Ni Gong Pill. Xiao Yan's careful feeling , It seems that the spiritual world that originally contained the "Shen Dong" natal inscription, which was originally the size of the thumb, seemed to have expanded several times in the past few days!

This astonishing discovery made Xiao Yan also do it. You must know that before the "Shen Dong" natal inscription entered the body, Xiao Yan's soul realm was huge and unparalleled, but after the "Shen Dong" natal inscription entered the body, Xiao Yan's soul realm was compressed by half!

Soul power and spiritual power each occupy half of the space!

At first, Xiao Yan was worried that if his soul realm was suddenly divided into two parts, it would hurt the soul power he finally cultivated, but now Xiao Yan knows it.

The power of the soul is not only unharmed, but also becomes more and more solid under the division of the inscription of "Spirit Movement".

The current Xiao Yan, the soul power is not just promoted to the emperor realm mortal level, if it is the soul power that has just been promoted to the early emperor realm mortal level, then after the division of the soul realm after the "magic movement" natal inscription , Xiao Yan's soul power is said to have reached the middle stage of the emperor realm.

Why doesn't this make Xiao Yan excited? After all, the cultivation methods of soul power are too rare.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also discovered that the spiritual power in his body was also increasing at a snail-like speed. This was the power of the "Spiritual Movement" natal inscription, which was enough to show that the inscription was extraordinary.

Aware of this, on Xiao Yan's finger, a white scroll dedicated to battle formation masters also appeared.

Then Xiao Yan activated Nigongwan's "magic movement" natal inscription in his body, and controlled the negligible mental power to go towards the white scroll!

"One hundred ways..."

"Two hundred ways..."

"Three hundred ways..."

When the number of inscriptions before the white scroll reached 350, it stopped growing. At this time, Xiao Yan's forehead was also dripping with sweat, dripping with big drops.

Wiped his sweat, then felt the power on the white scroll.

"This power is barely enough to deal with a two-star Dou Emperor, but it's not enough to deal with a three-star Dou Emperor, let alone a four-star Dou Emperor..." Even so, Xiao Yan did not feel discouraged at all. It disappeared without mentioning it, and immediately had to put down the spiritual power and the battle formation master first.

Then he also carefully felt his body, and the avatar of the avatar technique was also lying quietly in his soul realm.

"Come out!" Following Xiao Yan's order, the avatar lying in the soul realm also appeared out of thin air, slightly opening the tightly closed eyes to look at Xiao Yan, as if waiting for Xiao Yan's order.

"Go back Seeing that this avatar is so obedient, I nodded with satisfaction. After all, this avatar is controlled by Xiao Yan, which is absolutely safe, and then said to the avatar.

Then when he closed his eyes, the huge soul force also condensed a figure exactly like Xiao Yan and appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

The two Xiao Yan looked at each other, then clasped their fists one after another.

Xiao Yan also looked at the avatar condensed by his emperor realm mortal soul power, and sighed: "Sure enough, the soul power is injured, and the avatar condensed by the teaching will also be affected."

The avatar that Xiao Yan condensed is now only the strength of the middle stage of the Three Star Dou Di.

The physical avatar condensed by soul power is better than the avatar condensed by the avatar technique in terms of tacit understanding and cooperation, but the advantages and disadvantages of the two are also obvious.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The physical avatar is condensed by the power of the soul. Unless the power of the soul exceeds that of oneself, it is difficult to distinguish who is the main body, but the most deadly thing is that both are prosperous.

Although the clones cultivated by the clone technique have the same aura and strength as Xiao Yan, they have no control over Xiao Yan's own powerful fighting skills, and can only play a role in seducing the enemy.

Xiao Yan still remembers what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said, that holy flame and the method of cultivating spiritual power will be available in Xuan Santian!

Immediately, he also quit the cultivation state, and then looked to the side of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

The first