Chapter Vol 4 1509: Confrontation between good and evil

"Hum!" Xiao Yan and his party had just crossed the bamboo forest, and suddenly a sense of solemnity rushed towards their faces. Behind this solemnity, everyone was in front of everyone, unexpectedly, there were evil auras as thick as arms.

Here, in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, is quite different from the outside world. There is an extremely large and dignified evil aura here. This aura is like the evil demon that crawled out of the abyss and is imprisoned by the restrictions of heaven and earth, which is terrifying.

"In the depths of this town's Demon Prison, it really lives up to its reputation." Liu Qing couldn't help but said looking at the jaw-dropping scene in front of him.

In front of everyone, there is a dark and **** space filled with countless evil spirits!

In the blood-colored space, tyrannical evil auras can be seen everywhere. Even the weakest of these auras possess strength comparable to the perfection of the three-star fighting immortals of human beings. The setting is extremely terrifying.

"In the center, it should be the seal formation that seals the Poison Temple Demon Empress."

"And the seal formation should be the Qiankun Ancient Formation. It is said that this ancient formation has been handed down from ancient times. It once suppressed and killed countless extraterrestrial evil clan powerhouses, but it is a pity that the formation stone was lost, so its power was greatly reduced." Yuan Yan slowly Open your mouth.

As Yuan Yan's voice fell, everyone raised their heads with difficulty and looked at the blood-colored space, a white light that was isolated from countless evil breaths. In the white light, there seemed to be a magnificent hall. The breath emerges, completely suppressing the evil creatures in its depths.

"Let's go." After speaking, everyone was also under the cover of Xiao Yan's soul power, and slowly walked away from the ancient Qiankun formation, but the top ten powerhouses also poured in here one after another, obviously they not only want to be with the same The top ten powerhouses competed against each other, and even wanted to get some benefits from this town demon prison.

At the core of the blood-colored space.

"You're back?" In an instant, the four heroes of the Hidden Soul Society had already been waiting in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, in order to guard against the powerhouses of the four continents, but the powerhouses of the four continents did not seem to know that their purpose was the Poison Temple Demon Empress. So it didn't come to stop it.

"Haven't the strong men above the four continents come over?"

"This is beyond my expectations." After a while, the figure of the ghost and the blood of the earth will come directly to the four heroes of the Hidden Soul Society, and the blood of the earth will speak.

"They have internal problems and will not take us into account for a short time, but we only have one chance."

"If it fails, I'm afraid we can only leave here temporarily." After a short while, the formation stone in Soul Evil's hand was slowly clenched.

Among the evil races outside the realm, the Demon Empress of Poison Sha can be called a true overlord. Not only her strength and the forces behind her, but also because she has evil tools in her hands, which makes her strength even higher. And this evil tool is the goal of their Soul Palace this time.

"Time is running out, we will stop other powerhouses for you, and the task of cracking the Qiankun Ancient Array is still up to you." After a while, Mo Tianxing, the boss of the Hidden Soul Society, said softly.

"Don't worry, as long as the Qiankun Ancient Array is cracked, the power of the seal on your master will be self-defeating. After all, the two of them have the same effect." Soul Nie laughed, obviously also aware of the hidden soul. So the reason for cooperating with him is just to use some power in the sealing formation to crack the master who was sealed in the sea of ​​dust by the Heavenly Pluto.

"You lowly robbers really have bad intentions for the Demon Suppression Prison in our ghost days!" Suddenly, a cold snort accompanied by afterimages appeared directly in the blood-colored space, and the sound resounded throughout the space, making people feel relieved Vibrate slowly.

"The blackness of Ghost Shadow Valley..."

"Old rival." Looking at the figure that suddenly appeared in the sky, Mo Baixuan, the second child of the Hidden Soul Society, smiled. Obviously, before this plan started, they had investigated the contestant's information clearly.

"Let me meet you." After the two finished speaking, the dazzling attack unfolded directly in the blood-colored space.

"Tianyin Sect, Ten Thousand Souls Palace, Soul Beast Alliance..." After a while, a series of tyrannical voices emerged, and Mo Tianxing, the boss of the Hidden Soul Society, couldn't help saying.

"The powerhouses of the Soul Palace and the Hidden Soul Club belong to them, let's attack them together!"

"As long as we wait for the Qiankun Ancient Array to be cracked, then we will win this battle." As soon as the voice fell, the eight top ten players in the standings were immediately stalemate by the remaining powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society and Soul Palace. .

"Damn...you can't be dragged like this, otherwise, once the ancient formation of the universe is broken and the Poison Temple Demon Empress cracks the seal, then we people may only have a dead end." Doubt, but just wanted to go to stop, but was stalemate by other powerhouses.

"Qi Fei, you help them defend against the enemy, I will go to the ancient Qiankun formation." Xiao Yan watched the two armies confrontation without any pause, snorted and then rushed towards the ancient Qiankun formation with a stride.

"Big brother, I'll go too." Watching Xiao Yan move, Xiao Gui turned around and followed Xiao Yan.

"Why are you here?"

"It's very dangerous here, go back." Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't let Xiao Gui do such a dangerous thing, and snorted immediately.

"Brother, just take me in. I don't know if it's in this ancient universe or deeper. It seems that something is calling me." Xiao Yan was also puzzled.

"Go into the Qiankun Ancient Array for a while, follow me closely, don't run around." After speaking, Xiao Yan's figures turned into a beam of light speed, and they roared away directly at the white real people behind the crowd.

"Want to go into the Qiankun Ancient Formation and ruin our good things?"

"Ask me first, the Earth Spirit Blood General!" Just as Xiao Yan and the two were about to enter the Qiankun Ancient Array, the Earth Spirit Blood General's huge palm was about to hit them in a blink of an eye.

"And us!" Immediately, Duo Qifei and several women jointly launched an attack to intercept the blockade of the Earth Spirit Blood General. At this time, Xiao Yan and the two also easily entered the ancient Qiankun formation.

"You... are courting death!" Upon realizing this scene, the spirit blood couldn't help roaring, a dazzling killing intent, which was not concealed, radiated directly. This kind of fierce aura was more powerful than what I had told her before. The fight has been too tyrannical, and it is obvious that the current Earth Spirit Blood will be really angry and ready to kill.

"Everyone, let's fight!" Looking at the tense confrontation between the two armies in front of them, everyone called out, and then started a fiery battle. They knew that at this time, they were no longer fighting for the competition, but for the entire Yinhuntian. fighting.

After all, if the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple breaks the seal, I am afraid that Yinhuntian will no longer exist, and there will be no eggs under the nest.

"Kill me!" Mo Tianxing snorted coldly, injecting himself into the battle.

Their hidden soul will add the powerhouse of the Soul Palace, which is already more tyrannical than the powerhouses of the four continents, and has an absolute advantage in both strength and quantity, so this battle is quite beneficial to them.

As for the ancient formation of Qiankun, whether Soul Evil took the lead in cracking the formation to release the Poison Temple Demon, or whether Xiao Yan reversed the formation to reinforce the seal, it is unknown.