Chapter Vol 4 1475: Fascinating Heaven!

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan and the others were directly driven by the power of Xiao Yan's space-traveling fingerprints, so they entered the ruins of the Heavenly King's Treasure together through the entrance of the ruins.

"You girl, your formation skills are really getting better and better." Just as he poured into the entrance of the ruins, it was obvious that a rather dark space passage led directly into the ruins, and Xiao Yan suddenly looked at the person beside him. Petite Qianying smiled.

Just now, Yuan Yan and Yuan Hong were close to the entrance of the sealed relic at the core of the valley, all relying on Yuan Yan's formation to confuse everyone's vision and perception, to gain time, so they broke the seal of the entrance to the relic, and Xiao Yan It was also to attract the attention of other powerhouses before he went to fight the Earth Spirit Blood General.

The two acted in this way, and there was no doubt that there was a previous scene.

"Hehe." Yuan Yan smiled slightly when she heard the words, but she was quite proud, but Xiao Yan didn't know that this was because of the effect of the Heaven and Earth Jade Bi, so Yuan Yan had a very good impression of Xiao Yan, and he had Qiankun Yubi's experience of that array of masters is also a thousand miles for Yuan Yan's growth.

"Yan'er." Suddenly, Yuan Hong, who was on the side, came over slowly, and protected Yuan Yan behind her. There was a warning in her voice, obviously to warn Xiao Yan.

Yuan Hong is Yuan Yan's older sister, but she is not as good as Yuan Yan in the formation technique, so she was dispatched by the sect to protect Yuan Yan in secret.

"Ula." Seeing this, Yuan Yan made a face at Xiao Yan and ran behind Yuan Hong.

"This should be the space passage to enter the ruins." After a while, Yuan Hong said.

"What do you need when you enter the Heavenly King's Treasure?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking Yuan Yan's two daughters after hearing this.

"We don't need anything, we just heard that there are many mysteries in this Heavenly King's Collection, so we came in to have a look." Yuan Hong said lightly, after all, with the relationship between Xiao Yan and Yuan Yan, there is no need to deceive Xiao Yan, otherwise Yuan Yan It will come out sooner or later.

"Boom!" After a while, a dazzling light emerged in everyone's sight, so through the space channel, he came to the ruins of Tianwangzang.

"This...is the ruins of Tianwangzang?"

"What a rich energy of heaven and earth." Seeing this, Mu Ge couldn't help but said, obviously this kind of profound energy of heaven and earth is several times more powerful than Dongzhou.

"It's a little weird here..." After a while, Yuan Yan's little face suddenly showed a seriousness that was incompatible with her age, and said.

As Yuan Yan's voice fell, the whole picture of this space suddenly came into view of everyone.

Everyone just left the ethereal passage and suddenly came to a fairly flat ground.

There are countless mysterious lines on the ground, and around the ground, several passages emerge, which are all airtight passages. The passages are round and deep, and even the power of the soul cannot detect the slightest. There are dozens of identical paths in front of everyone.

"This is probably a labyrinth." After a while, Xiao Yan said solemnly.

With Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power, he couldn't find out where these passages lead, but in the depths of these passages, a trace of hidden aura emerged, apparently like some kind of terrifying creature.

"According to my investigation, if it is correct, this is a labyrinth, and it is also a formation." Yuan Yan said with a small mouth movement.

"maze?"

"Formation?" As Yuan Yan spoke, the other powerhouses frowned. Obviously, they all sensed a bit of mystery, but they didn't know what was going on.

"I just investigated the soul, and this labyrinth seems to have a trace of evil viciousness left. I think it was also set up by Tianwangzang in order to prevent foreign evil races from entering it by chance."

"Tianwangzang is so guarded, I'm afraid he is guarding something." At that time, Yuan Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and then he said.

"Tsk tsk, this girl, with such a keen sense of smell, will become a great weapon in the future."

"Little guy, it seems that the experience scroll of Qiankun Yubi and the Array Master is worth it." Listening to Yuan Yan's words, the Master of Soul Eater also laughed in Xiao Yan's heart.

"This guy should have a lot of secrets." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded slowly. He also smelled a trace of evil in the depths of the labyrinth, but these evil auras were completely wiped out, and only a faint trace was left. The breath remains, if you don't sense it carefully, you can't find it.

"Is the formation..."

"Is there a way to crack it?" Yuan Hong heard the words, and her beautiful eyes glanced around, and found that with her understanding of the formation, she didn't find anything, so she could only speak helplessly.

"For now...not yet, this formation is too mysterious." Yuan Yan heard the words, her face became tense, apparently it was the first time she had encountered such a complex formation in her long life.

"I have a suggestion, why don't we scatter and see where these ten roads lead?"

"If you are lucky enough to go to the center of the formation, you will have a chance to crack the formation. Otherwise, if you drag on like this, once the spiritual blood outside will fail, and other strong people enter here, I am afraid that the captain will disadvantage us." Seeing that everyone did not make a decision, Xiao Yan said.

"In this maze, there are endless roads everywhere. I'm worried that we will get lost." Liu Qing obviously knew some things about the formation, and said immediately.

"No, since this formation was set up by Tianwangzang, it must be just to prevent foreign evil races According to what Brother Xiao Yan said, I am afraid it can crack the labyrinth formation." Yan also opened his mouth.

"In this case, it is not too late, we will act separately."

"If you encounter an invincible enemy, go back the same way." Xiao Yan instructed solemnly. According to his perception, he could sense a trace of the mystery of the labyrinth. He would only stop it on the way forward. As for retreating, there was nothing strange about it. , that is to say, the existence of this maze is only to prevent others from entering the ruins to obtain treasures. If you want to leave the maze on the way, you will not be blocked.

"Okay." The other strong men nodded slowly when they heard the words.

"Forget it, it's better to be a team of two. This way, it's a bit more prudent. It's better to have someone to take care of in case of emergencies. I always feel that this labyrinth formation method doesn't seem to be that simple." Suddenly, Yuan Yan opened his mouth and said.

With the spiritual power in his body and the jade jade bi, this labyrinth formation gave him an extremely palpitating wave, so Yuan Yan said.

"Ran Ran, your sisters are with Liu Qing."

"Cloud prayers and pastoral songs."

"Yuan Yan, you are a group of sisters."

"I'm with Qi Fei." Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded and said.

"Since the allocation is done, let's go." After a while, everyone slowly whistled towards a certain road in the maze.

"Hey, some interesting guys are here."

"My Fascinating Heaven Palace has not been so lively for a long time."

"But among this group of people, there are two people who have familiar fluctuations..."

"With them, my lord's corpse should be able to solve the endgame." Just when Xiao Yan and the others were moving in four directions, a deep voice with some playfulness sounded abruptly at the place where everyone had just disappeared.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: