Chapter Vol 4 1570: The Acacia tree came into existence in advance!

In the Wanhuo Zongmen.

"Sect Master!"

"New news has come out from the depths of the crystal veins." At this time, a bewildered guard quickly entered the Ten Thousand Fire Sect's base camp through the dark passage, and immediately danced towards the sect conference hall, looking extremely excited. .

"Where's the letter? Bring it here and I'll take a look!" At this time, there were only the suzerain and the elders of Huoyun in the hall. After hearing the news from the guard, Huo Yi got up and walked towards the guard, holding his palm up with one hand. The letter above was picked up.

"Crack!"

"Okay!" In an instant, a wild laughter, accompanied by the sound of bones rubbing between palms, suddenly sounded in the hall, and Huo Yi's face also showed a burst of ecstasy!

In the past few days, Huo Yi tried several times to send reinforcements to the front line to rescue the crystal veins, but Xiao Gui intercepted them all, so he complained about Xiao Guipo, but Xiao Gui didn't explain much, just a sentence "Wait", they dismissed Huo Yi, which made Huo Yi sleepless. After all, once the crystal veins were lost, they would not only lose the cultivation resources, but also the mainstays of the second elder and the third elder, the two four-star fighting immortals. .

"Go and invite Lord Xiao Gui."

"No, I'll do it." After a short while, Huo Yi couldn't help laughing, obviously all this seemed to be expected by Xiao Gui.

"Hey, Sect Master Huo, I'm here uninvited."

"I don't know how this battle report is?" After a while, Xiao Gui's voice slowly walked into the hall, and then asked Huo Yi with a smile.

"Master Xiao Gui expected things like God, and the crystal veins have been defended."

"And I'm not afraid of the adults' jokes. Lord Xiao Yan used his own strength to defeat Qing Yunkun, the late four-star Dou Xian, the pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion. This news has already come from the Central Territory, and if he hadn't witnessed Xiao I'm afraid I can't believe Master Yan's terrifying combat effectiveness." Huo Yi couldn't help but squeeze the palm of the letter tightly, and a rush of generosity emerged, which was simply too relieved.

"You don't need to worry about Big Brother's strength, so I couldn't keep it closed before, just to prevent Tingfeng Pavilion from taking the opportunity to attack us."

"The crystal vein crisis is lifted. Now, no one should object to my actions, right?" After a while, Xiao Gui said taking advantage of the situation.

In the few days that Xiao Yan left, Xiao Gui showed the demeanor of a generation of rulers, and issued several rules that were in line with the development of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, which made the disciples of the entire sect become more united.

"Wan Huo Sect, all rely on two adults." Huo Yi heard the words, and immediately respectfully said, obviously with these two people in charge, their Wan Huo Sect, why are you not strong.

"In the crystal vein, the elder brother will manage it. We don't have to worry about it. The next step is Tingfeng Pavilion and Qingyun Pavilion."

"Their two pavilions unite to deal with us, then we will take care of others and take care of them."

"Qingyun Pavilion is strong and powerful, let's ignore it for the time being, but Tingfeng Pavilion can take the opportunity to start." Xiao Gui is not a soft persimmon, and immediately said domineering.

"What's your best policy?" asked the elder Huoyun. After all, the overall strength of Tingfeng Pavilion was stronger than them.

"The Acacia tree has already appeared, the manager of Tingfeng Pavilion will naturally go there, and by virtue of his status, he will definitely bring the powerhouse of Tingfeng Pavilion with him, and the big brother will also go there, so we can take advantage of the emptiness. Enter." Xiao Gui smiled.

"Everything is according to what the lord said." At this moment, Huo Yi finally understood why Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui got the affection of the old ghost of the earth spirit. With both of them, the mere acacia tree couldn't get into his eyes.

in the crystal vein.

A month passed quietly. During this month, Xiao Yan's battle reports continued to spread, making Xiao Yan's reputation in the Central Territory prosperous, but Xiao Yan stayed behind and repaired his soul power. Some guys who deliberately wanted to compete with Xiao Yan had no choice but to give up.

A month later, Xiao Yan's power also regained its peak, but the location of the Acacia tree, which is not far from the crystal vein here, was not known for some reason. , and the news of the Acacia tree also spread throughout the Central Domain.

"Sir, what's the point of calling us together?" After a while, Xiao Yan had just returned to his peak, and immediately summoned the second and third elders and other strong men.

"Second elder, third elder."

"This time, the main purpose of calling you all is to distribute some things left behind. I have to go to the acacia tree." Deep in the cave, a simple bed and some daily necessities, three figures, slowly illuminated by the spar on the cave wall stand.

"Sir, although the acacia tree is quite tempting, it is also extremely dangerous. Why don't I bring dozens of elites and go with the adults." The third elder nodded secretly when he heard the words.

"The three elders have good intentions, but the power of acacia under the acacia tree is extremely special, and no matter how many people there are, they can't take advantage."

"And because of me, our Ten Thousand Fire Sect and Qingyun Pavilion have a complete grievance. I am worried that after the news of my departure is leaked, the guys from Qingyun Pavilion will be killed." Xiao Yan said worriedly.

"It's not unreasonable for your lord to worry. After all, apart from your lord, the late stage master of Qingyun Pavilion's Four-Star Fighting Immortals is the most difficult one." The second elder frowned upon hearing this.

"Second elder, if you encounter an invincible enemy, crush this beam of light, it will help you out of the predicament, but remember, if the crystal vein is lost then go back to the sect to guard, wait. I came out of the acacia tree, and everything is being planned." After a while, a dazzling beam of light slowly emerged from Xiao Yan's vindictive sea.

The beam was about the size of a fist, and it was impossible to tell what it was, but the second elder had just taken it, and immediately smelled a power that was not inferior to Xiao Yan at all, and even this power not only contained extremely terrifying power. Power, a strange power of thunder, quietly permeates.

"Remember your instructions." The two elders nodded slowly when they heard the words. They knew Xiao Yan's purpose and naturally nodded.

"No need to send."

"I immediately left the dark passage, and immediately headed towards the Acacia tree."

"Two elders, the crystal veins are here, you can act according to the circumstances." Xiao Yan's figure suddenly moved, and then there was a trace of residual sound.

Xiao Yan knew that there seemed to be someone behind the Qingyun Pavilion, and they were so plotted by him that they would never give up so easily, but if they angered Xiao Yan, then waiting for their end would be a complete fall.

"Respectfully send off your lord!" The light group was slowly put away, and immediately the two elders also bowed respectfully to the void that Xiao Yan had left.

At this moment, the matter of crystal veins has come to an end, but this trip to the Acacia tree, although Xiao Yan has obtained great fortune, but this Ten Thousand Fire Sect and even Xiao Gui, it is because Xiao Yan angered Qingyun Pavilion , thus falling into a state of inexorability.