Chapter 84: The necessities for refining the body? Holy flame!

Looking at Xiao Yan's stunned expression. The Golden Dragon King also smiled, he knew how shocking these four materials were to Xiao Yan, so he was not surprised, he just smiled and comforted: "These things are extremely difficult to obtain, so I said Don't be in a hurry, your ancestors should be very relieved that you have this heart, anyway, it's still a long time, we can do it slowly."

His face gradually recovered. After a while, Xiao Yan smiled bitterly, feeling a little dizzy in his head. The essence bloodline of the seventh-grade emperor-ranked beasts is the super-powerhouse equivalent to the seven-star fighting emperor powerhouse, and the essence bloodline is the beasts. The thing that survives and grows is like the blood and marrow in the human body. If this thing is extracted from the body of the beast, the latter will naturally lose his life immediately. Therefore, if you want to get the seventh rank The bloodline of Warcraft's essence, then it is necessary to kill a super beast that is comparable to a seven-star Dou Di... And this level of Warcraft, from birth to now, Xiao Yan has never even seen a single time. , let alone a kill.

The so-called blood-shaping pill is not a simple thing. For the pills of the third-order peak of the emperor, I am afraid that even the current president of the Qingcheng Alchemist Association will not be able to guarantee success, let alone. There are all kinds of strange and rare medicinal materials for refining the blood-shaping pills, and it is a great trouble to collect these things.

With a bitter expression on his face, he nodded, and resurrecting the ancestor Xiao Xuan really wasn't that simple. Xiao Yan sighed and said, "I will keep this matter in my heart and look for opportunities in the future to find a way to complete the remaining two materials."

"It wouldn't be so troublesome to refine a body that an ordinary soul can accommodate, but the stronger the soul power and the strength of your ancestor Xiao Xuan during his lifetime, the more stringent the requirements for the body will be."

"And I forgot to tell you that the most fundamental thing for refining the body is the fire of holy flame." The Golden Dragon King smiled and said.

"Holy Flame?"

Hearing this, Xiao Yan's mood that had calmed down was also becoming more surprising!

"The most fundamental thing to refine the body actually needs the fire of holy flame?" Xiao Yan also looked at his master Jinlong King floating in the air with surprise.

"good!"

"If it is an ordinary Dou Zun and Dou Sheng-level body, it can be made with the flames in your body, but the body of a strong Dou Di is different."

"When you are promoted to Dou Di, you will be promoted successfully by absorbing the origin of the emperor, and this origin of the emperor has tempered the body, so that you can truly step into the Dou Di! If you compare the body that can accommodate the peak of the nine-star Dou Sheng to ten, it is enough to accommodate Dou Di. The body of an emperor is one hundred!" The Golden Dragon King said solemnly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also carefully recalled what his master Jinlong King said.

"And your current power of flame is not enough to refine the bones of the peak seven-star Dou Emperor in your hand, and refining the body, the sooner the better, otherwise, the blood of the beasts will be exhausted and the medicine pill will take a long time. If the medicinal power disappears, then it is a failure." The Golden Dragon King said in a very calm tone.

Indeed, in terms of Xiao Yan's current power of different fires, it would take several days to refine the bones of the peak powerhouses of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

On the one hand, the strength of the emperor's skeleton in his lifetime was extremely terrifying, and the skeleton that formed him after death was powerful. It is also quite laborious to transform.

Moreover, even if the rarity of the holy flame is compared to that of the strange fire, it is not too much. Whether it can be subdued or not is another matter, and all of these are enough to explain how hard the Holy Flame is to be found.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn! It's really twists and turns!" Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing after hearing that his master Jinlong King said this.

"But don't worry. When the matter in Qingcheng here is over, I will slowly guide you to find the holy flame that sits on this Profound Spirit Continent."

"I just don't know how he is now..." The Golden Dragon King also looked at Xiao Yan who was a little depressed and said comfortably.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan suddenly became excited when he heard the words, and then looked at his master, the Golden Dragon King, with fiery eyes.

"Hey, don't try to tell me what to say, you kid, I know Shengyan, and I also know about your family, but I just won't tell you." The Golden Dragon King laughed.

Xiao Yan's eyes returned to normal immediately, and then rolled his eyes at his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"When you are strong enough, I will naturally tell you one by one."

"As for now, let's go out of the ruins first." Looking at the stone room that was collapsing more and more, the Golden Dragon King also said.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also knew that what his master Jinlong King said was true. Even though he had many mysteries, he had no strength.

"Boom boom boom!"

Pieces of boulders fell from the stone chamber.

In the stone room of the emperor, the blood was taken, and the bones were obtained by the destined people. It also lived up to the wish of this senior. While thinking about the milky white vindictiveness that enveloped the whole body, he waved his right hand fiercely, a space crack. It appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

Of course, there is a ban on suppressing the strong in this ruin, so that the strong who surpass the four-star Dou Emperor cannot step into it, so even the space crack cannot be torn out, but with the loss of the emperor's bones and blood essence, this The ban is also slowly losing its strength.

"time to go."

Without hesitation, it turned into a milky white meteor and streaks into the crack in space.

Half a month has passed since the opening of the World of Warcraft ruins. After being persuaded to retreat by the seven major cities, they did not dare to step into the ruins, but everyone knew that this Xiao Yan was enough to obtain the largest number of the ruins. Therefore, the current Xiao Yan is also the mortal enemy of many of the heaven's favorites in the seven cities.

Especially that Wucheng Wuhuan, who is even more worried about Xiao Yan being dressed in white on-demand, and rumored to deal with Xiao Yan.

"Hoohoho!"

As soon as the beast ruins came out, I could hear the roars of some monsters from time to time, UU reading www.uukanshu. com was apparently sent out to fight for turf.

A young man with a weak figure, with a dark heavy ruler on his back, was walking alone in this beast mountain range.

"This trip to the ruins is also a worthwhile trip, the strength of the peak of the Samsung Dou Di."

"In addition, you can carry this heavy ruler with you. I have dealt with it for you. It usually looks like a bland black heavy ruler. This heavy ruler can suppress your breath. The strength of the peak of Samsung Dou Di has been suppressed to In the middle of the three-star Dou Di, and when you take off this heavy ruler to fight against others, the power of the heavy ruler will increase sharply in an instant, which will undoubtedly be one of your means, and this heavy ruler is also really extraordinary." The Golden Dragon King is also satisfied. nodded.

"Um."

Xiao Yan can also feel that this ancient ruler of different fires, which is formed by the fusion of twenty-three kinds of different fire powers, is definitely not simple. Before, his current strength was limited, and he could not explore the mysteries.

"Let's go back to Qingcheng first, I don't know what happened to Qingyuan's little girl." The Golden Dragon King was also talking.

"Hand over that so-called great creation!"

"I can consider to spare you not to die."

There was a figure in front of Xiao Yan, and the huge red battle qi roared out, like a cloud of fire, and on the cloud of fire, a slender figure stood with his hands behind his back, with a look of contempt, he turned his eyes to the young man with heavy feet on his back. .

Happy new year!

First day on the shelves!

Please subscribe!

Ask for a monthly pass! (Double monthly pass period 1=2!)