Chapter Vol 4 917: Kill Xuanxin!

"Go ahead."

"Back then, for the sake of Fenxiang Pavilion, I didn't kill your culprit with my own hands." On the outline of Fen Tian Junxiu's face, a ferocious flicker flashed. Obviously, every time he thinks of that scene, even Fen Tian can't help but feel pain.

The guy who fell into the hands of the Xuanling royal family was Fen Tian's adopted son by chance.

After this adopted son was adopted by Fen Tian, ​​his cultivation speed has increased by leaps and bounds, and he has a faint momentum of surpassing Fen Tian.

After Fen Tian found out, he was devastated. At that time, he happened to be the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion. For this reason, he did not hesitate to go to the Xuanling royal family three times, beheading many senior members of the Xuanling royal family, and finally the nine superpowers. The strong man of the sect appeared, and just then shook Fen Tian back.

However, the truth about the fact that the Xuanling royal family wiped out Fen Tian's adopted son is still in the dark.

"That bastard, if you die, you will die."

"Haven't you been looking for the truth of his fall all these years?"

"Don't worry, you will go down to accompany him soon!" After Xuan Xin finished speaking, the corners of his mouth trembled slightly, and then a spooky black gas burst out from the dazzling fiery red Saint Yanzi fire!

The black qi just appeared, and the black water in the river below suddenly made a wailing cry, resounding through the entire space.

"Ghost secrets, burst!" Xuan Xin's pupils also had a trace of black aura, and then burst out.

The next moment, Xuan Xin's strength suddenly skyrocketed!

One Star Fighting Immortal Middle Stage...

One Star Fighting Immortal late stage!

It actually skyrocketed from the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal to the later stage of One Star Fighting Immortal!

"This time, I'm afraid the gap between us will not be that huge." Xuan Xin finished all this, the breath in his body was not only gloomy and eerie, but also the scorching holiness of Sheng Yanzihuo. Quite odd.

"It's actually a ghost."

"It seems that over the years, your Xuanling royal family has done a lot of good things behind the scenes." Fen Tian's eyes exuded a hint of vigilance, and then he spoke.

"Everything is nonsense."

"Today, as long as you can completely kill you, then your Burning Incense Pavilion will sooner or later become a lost dog." Xuan Xin's strength skyrocketed, and his words were full of confidence.

"Hehe, that may not be the case." Fen Tian didn't hesitate when he saw this, his pure white palm was gently raised, and an extremely terrifying flame aura poured into it.

"Heavenly Flame Hand!" With a soft call, the holy flame fire in the body also burst out, and then attached to the palm of the hand.

The speed skyrocketed, and it swept away directly at Xuan Xin.

"Xuanling Golden Hand!" Seeing this, Xuan Xin was also unwilling to be outdone. The dazzling Saint Yanzi Fire and the gloomy ghostly energy instantly swept over his palm, and then a red-black force wrapped his palm and attacked Fen Tian. Resist away!

"Boom!" A loud noise suddenly rang out in the middle of this space, and sparks flew in all directions. Fatty and the space surrounded by darkness added a lot of color!

"Crash!" The fiery red power on Fentian's palm shot directly below, and Xuanxin's red and black palm was also stubbornly resisting, and no one would let anyone.

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, the two waves of fluctuations dissipated instantly, and then Fen Tian and Xuan Xin took a step back at the same time.

"This **** is actually so powerful."

"Even if I use ghost world secret techniques to improve my strength, I'm afraid I'm not a match for this guy." Xuan Xin couldn't help thinking.

The fight with Zhu Jin just now has already caused him to lose a lot of strength. Although his strength is skyrocketing now, he is still somewhat different from Fen Tian.

"The strength of this guy's body is floating. It seems that there should be some hidden secrets with the ghost world." After Fen Tian finished speaking, a majestic flame power flashed in his pupils.

"Xuanxin, suffer to death." After Fen Tian finished speaking, the fiery red flames swept out directly from the whole body, and immediately wrapped most of the space!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The next moment, Xuan Xin only felt an extremely powerful suppression coming, and then secretly shouted: "Not good..."

"This guy has actually been born out of the realm!"

After Xuan Xin finished speaking, intense anxiety flickered in her pupils.

The realm, the real killer of an immortal warrior!

Being in the realm, the enemy can cut me and be strong, it can be said to be the real symbol of a strong fighting immortal!

"bingo."

"The reward is..."

"Send you to hell!" Fen Tian held a fiery red flame in his hand, and then looked down at Xuan Xin from a height below zero, that breath was like the overlord of heaven and earth, supreme!

"Yanyu, burn me!" After a while, a serious look appeared in Fentian's pupils, and then a flame in his hand slowly turned into a sharp blazing blade!

Above the giant blade, a terrifying wave that destroys all things is slowly born.

"You want to kill me just because of this?" Although Xuan Xin was in Fen Tian's domain, his strength was suppressed a lot, but at this time, his strength was also a powerhouse in the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal. The huge sword light also flashed out!

However, just as Xuan Xin was preparing to deal with Fen Tian's attack in the underground palace, behind a very hidden rock, a man with heavy feet on his back gently closed his eyes, The power of the soul like a vast ocean poured out silently towards Xuan!

"Crash!" The invisible soul attack hit Xuan Xin instantly, Xuan Xin's attack instantly shattered, and then a trace of blood appeared in his pupils, obviously this soul attack brought him a lot of load!

"Soul attack?" Who is Fen Tian? Naturally, he knows that by suppressing his aura and using the strength of One Star Fighting Immortal Perfection, it is not difficult to kill Xuanxin, but if he wants to kill him with one blow, it is somewhat impossible.

However, with this sudden attack of the soul, Xuan Xin's attack and defense fell short, and there was a vague chance of one-hit kill!

"This kid really won't let people live in peace."

"but……"

"That's enough!" Fen Tian laughed. As for the person who attacked his soul, he naturally guessed who it was.

Xuan Xin was hit by a sudden soul attack, so the brewing attack and defense collapsed in an instant. At this time, Xuan Xin could not wait to smash the guy who launched the soul attack into tens of thousands of pieces!

But before Xuan Xin went mad, in that domain, Fen Tian's figure was as fast as a ghost, flashing rapidly, and at the same time, in the palm of his hand, he even carried a palm-sized dagger!

The dagger's body exudes a strange cold light, which seems to be extremely ordinary, but Xuan Xin's pupils shrink tightly, and the fear of death suddenly fills his heart!