Chapter Vol 4 1153: Fairy Pill!

"Crash!" The next moment, as the beams of light flickered, the two figures slowly came into everyone's sight.

The two figures are impressively a man and a woman. The man is majestic and has an extraordinary bearing. At first glance, he looks like a strong man, while the woman is well-dressed, and at first glance, she looks like a lady.

"City Lord Death Wind and Li Zi?" When the light beam disappeared, there was an exclamation from many private rooms. Obviously, it is quite rare for the city Lord Death Wind and Li Zi butler to appear together. After all, their identities are quite high. .

"Welcome all of you to this auction." The city lord, Feng Feng, was wearing a cyan robe. When he appeared, he was greeted with a burst of sighs, and then he ignored it and smiled at the hundreds of private rooms.

Above the cyan robe, a silent wave slowly radiated out, covering the entire auction venue.

"Presumably this is the city lord of Ghost King City, right?" Xiao Yan felt this fierce aura and couldn't help but say.

"Yes, this guy is the current city owner."

"Death Feng, a two-star Dou Xian perfection level powerhouse." Seimei smiled on the side.

"Two Star Fighting Immortals is complete?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard this. Obviously, a character of this level is not something he can handle at present.

"Since this guy has appeared, it shows that he values ​​this auction, otherwise he wouldn't show up in person to look at these wicked guys." Seimei said.

"This auction is the most grand auction in my Ghost King City in the past ten years."

"But before I start, allow me to trouble myself."

"This is the Ghost King City. If anyone doesn't know how to fight here, then no matter how tyrannical forces they have behind them, I will definitely make their life worse than death." On the smiling face of Death Wind, there is a trace of quite The strong breath and the sound slowly reached the ears of everyone in the hundreds of private rooms.

"This guy... is he too arrogant?"

"This is not madness, you didn't find this guy's two-star Dou Xian perfection?"

"However, this guy's methods have also broken some unscrupulous intentions."

……

As the sound of the wind of death fell, whispers suddenly sounded in the private room, and after a while, the commotion in the auction also slowly quieted down.

"Brother Xiao Yan, this is the gold coin auctioned by your three medicinal pills, a total of 20 million, all of which are in the Immortal Crystal Card." The next moment, in the private room of the Qing family, Qing Wen took out a rather expensive one in his hand. The purple crystal card, said to Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Brother Qing, I've been bothered." Xiao Yan was not hypocritical, and accepted the Immortal Crystal Card directly. After all, gold coins would definitely be used in the auction.

The Immortal Crystal Card is a symbol of strength. Only when the strength reaches the level of Dou Immortal can it be handled in various auctions.

The three emperor-rank second-rank heaven-rank medicinal pills only sold 20 million gold coins at auction, which was a bit beyond Xiao Yan's expectations.

However, Xiao Yan also knows that this is not the Dou Qi Continent after all, so it is understandable. Otherwise, on the Dou Qi Continent, just a roll of Heaven Rank Dou Skills can be auctioned for hundreds of millions of dollars.

"In that case, let's get started."

"This auction will be presided over by me, Death Wind."

"Next, let's auction some appetizers." Dead Wind casually glanced at the hundreds of quiet private rooms and said slowly.

"appetizer?"

"I don't know what it is..."

"I hope you won't let us down..." As soon as Death Wind's voice fell, a fiery look came from many private rooms, and cast them towards the auction table.

"Everyone, please take a look." The next moment, the figure of the dead wind slowly took a few steps back, and then the plum strolled like a lotus directly to the auction table, turning his hand gently, a white light beam slowly emerged from the bottom of the auction table , appeared on the auction table.

"Strange, why is the undead ghost a little restless?"

"Could it be that there is something here that makes me tempted?" The next moment, the fighting spirit that was temporarily sealed in Xiao Yan's body was emitting a fiery aura.

"Forget it, let's take a look at what this appetizer is first." After sensing it a little, he didn't find anything unusual, but he just didn't know why the undead sparrow made such fiery fluctuations.

"This is……"

"Fourth-grade immortal pill?" The next moment, as the beam of light on the auction table disappeared, an exquisite pill the size of a dragon's eye slowly stood in front of everyone.

"A fourth-grade immortal-level medicinal pill?" When Xiao Yan saw this medicinal pill, his body couldn't help heaving violently.

The emperor rank is divided into the first, second and third rank, and after the third rank, there is the fourth, fifth and sixth rank of the immortal rank.

However, Xiao Yan is already at the third-rank emperor rank. If he wants to break through the emperor rank and enter the fairy rank pharmacist, the only thing is that he needs soul power to reach the fairyland and condense the spiritual palace before he can break through!

This seems simple, but for Xiao Yan, there is not enough chance, I am afraid it is impossible in a short time.

"This elixir is called Xianling Pill, and it is located in the pinnacle of the fourth-grade Earth Pill of the Immortal Rank. As for its efficacy, I don't need to say more, right?" The next moment, Li Zimei's eyes turned slightly, projecting away in all directions.

"It's actually a fairy pill..."

"My darling, this is a good thing..." When I heard the name of this medicinal pill, it immediately caused quite a stir.

"Xianling Dan Although the rank is only at the peak of the fourth rank of the immortal rank, its effect is staggering."

"It can restore 80% of the power of Dou Immortals in a very short period of time!"

"Although it also has drawbacks, you can only take one a month, which means you can only take it once per battle, but it doesn't limit its appeal in the slightest." Seimei took a deep breath, and then exhaled, saying, This guy is also quite fond of fairy spirit pills.

"Sure enough, it's a good thing!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he smiled slowly, obviously this thing is what he lacks most at present.

His biggest killer right now is the fusion of holy flames, but after using the fusion of holy flames, although he can kill opponents by leaps and bounds, it will also consume almost all of Xiao Yan's vindictive energy. In times of crisis, restore 80% of the vindictiveness, and this 80% of the vindictiveness can lay the key to victory or defeat.

"Without further ado!"

"Miss Li Zi, let's make an offer!" After a brief commotion, there was a roar from the countless private rooms, obviously it was inevitable to get this thing.

"The medicinal pills to restore vindictive energy have been in short supply since ancient times, and because of the high price of fairy spirit pills, there are a total of five fairy spirit pills auctioned this time, which will be divided into five auctions."

"The reserve price of the auction is 10 million gold coins, and each increase shall not be less than 1 million gold coins."

"Everyone, please." As soon as Li Zi's voice fell, there was a moment of silence in the auction, and then there was an endless sound of noisy price increases. It was obvious that Li Zi was well versed in mobilizing the anger of the entire auction.

l