Chapter Vol 4 1333: Reincarnation of the Thunder Lord!

"Really...Is there no other way?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, Duo Tianhong's eyes couldn't help but turn red. Fei'er is everything to him now. If anything happens, I'm afraid he will too. Difficulty sleeping.

"It should be gone."

"The reincarnator is something that was planted when the peak power of the Great Thousand Worlds fell, and the power of thunder is probably the reincarnation token left by that power."

"With the existence of these two, Mayfair will wake up and become a true reincarnation sooner or later. If it is deprived by external force, not only the token of reincarnation will be lost, but even Mayfair will suffer irreparable wounds." Xiao Yan said helplessly. .

"But once Mayfair wakes up, she's like a different person, her strength, memory and even personality will change..."

"As parents, how can we bear to see our daughter like this..." Duan Tianhong couldn't help choking.

"Senior, in fact, the reincarnation will not be completely assimilated after awakening, according to what the tutor and I said."

"The awakening of the reincarnator is only to inherit the memory and power of the previous life, and will not deprive the memory of this life. As for the personality, I am afraid that it will not change." Xiao Yan comforted.

"Hey..." Duan Tianhong looked at Duo Qifei who was staring at the token of reincarnation on the stone platform, and he felt both love and hate in his heart.

"Senior, by depriving the token of reincarnation by the seal like this, you are undoubtedly harming Fei'er. It's better to return the token of reincarnation to her body as soon as possible." Xiao Yan said.

"I remember that Fei'er's mother told me that the reincarnation mark on Fei'er's body seemed to be planted by an almighty named Thunder Lord..." Duo Tianhong didn't seem to hear Xiao Yan's words, his eyes were kind and loving. Looking at Phil Road.

"Lord Thunder?"

"Tsk tsk tsk, you guy, why is your luck so good?" Hearing Du Tianhong's voice falling, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body couldn't help but exclaimed.

"Master, what's wrong?" Xiao Yan was at a loss.

"Hey, do you know who this Thunder Master is?" The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"I don't know..." Xiao Yan frowned, how could Xiao Yan know this level of power.

"Outsiders only know that Leizhu is the hegemony with thunder, but they don't know that Leizhu is a female class..."

"However, this Thunder Lord has something to do with some of the great powers of your ancient Xiao clan...hehe." At the end of the sentence, the Lord of Soul Eater laughed strangely, because according to Soul Eater In the memory of the lord, it seems that someone from the Xiao clan once pursued the Thunder Master, but was beaten away by the Thunder Master helplessly.

"Ah?" Xiao Yan, who was confused by Soul Eater's sudden words, couldn't help but exclaimed.

"Little guy, since this Thunder Lord has already chosen Du Qifei as his reincarnator, then you must protect her even if you say anything, otherwise if something happens to this Thunder Lord, the great powers of your Xiao clan will not easily let go. You." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled maliciously.

"Master, who is more powerful, Master Lei?" Xiao Yan secretly wrote down what the Lord of Soul Eater said. He knew that the Lord of Soul Eater would definitely not joke. He naturally had his own reasons for what he said, but he was still curious and asked immediately. road.

"Hoohoo."

"Why are you asking so many questions!" The Soul Eater shouted, and then stopped communicating with Xiao Yan.

However, being asked by Xiao Yan, the Master of Soul Eater recalled some past events. He thought that the master of the Soul Eater Domain of the Ghost Realm was able to be defeated by the Silver Dragon King and the Thunder Master one after another. .

"By the way, this Thunder Lord is a peak powerhouse written in the 'Book of Samsara'."

"The so-called reincarnation, after awakening, the minimum strength is above the six-star Dou Xian, as for the strong person who can be included in the 'reincarnation book', after awakening, the strength will definitely surpass the six-star, reach the seven-star eight-star Dou Xian or even a more terrifying existence, it can be said The real peak powerhouse." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"The Book of Samsara..." A brand new name slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's mind.

"never mind."

"These things naturally have their reasons."

"I hope this Thunder Master will not harm my daughter, otherwise, even if I pay the price of falling, I will still hurt her bones." After a bit of sadness, Duan Tianhong also recovered and said with a smile, until now, he has I also know that it is useless to seal the token of reincarnation. It is better to lift the seal and let the token of reincarnation return to Mayfair.

"Get ready, put the token of reincarnation back into Fei'er's body, and then drive out the evil power in my body. Leave the rest to me." Duan Tianhong opened his mouth slightly, and he faintly noticed This time Dongzhou's catastrophe, so he must return to his peak state in order to cope with it comfortably.

"Senior is profoundly righteous." Listening to Duan Tianhong's words, Xiao Yan nodded his head hard.

"Yep."

"Actually, the token of reincarnation was sealed before, firstly for our parents' concerns, and secondly to prevent the evil forces within the Forge Sword Thunder Valley, because the valley seemed to be mixed in by other evil forces, and the token of reincarnation was taken out to protect Fei. Son." Duo Tianhong also knew that he couldn't do useless things.

"Huhuhu!" At the next moment, in Duo Tianhong's hand, a touch of silver thunder power slowly lingered around his arm.

"Xiao Yan, Sheng Yan protects me, otherwise the power of this token of reincarnation will be too strong." Just as Du Tianhong was about to start, he shouted at Xiao Yan.

"Fire Heart Tianyan!" With a cold snort, a terrifying khaki flame poured out from Xiao Yan's body like a tide.

"Weng buzzing!" Under the attack of Du Tianhong's thunder power and Xiao Yan's flame power, the stone platform that sealed the token of reincarnation was shattered in an instant.

"Whoosh!" The sealing stone platform was just shattered, and then, the silver thunder that made the whole world fear it, slid into the center of Duan Qifei's eyebrows. pushed to the top.

"Weng Om!" Just as the silver token of reincarnation returned to Du Qifei's body, Duo Qifei's expression suddenly became strange. Obviously, this token of reincarnation caused a lot of load on her body.

"This..." Duo Tianhong looked at his daughter who was so uncomfortable, and was at a loss for a moment.

"Senior, don't worry, this is a token of reincarnation nourishing Fei'er's body, and there is no harm." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Oh... I hope." Duan Tianhong slowly shook his head and said.

"Senior, don't worry, although the identity of a reincarnator is somewhat special, Mayfair's safety, with the existence of the token of reincarnation, will not cause any life-and-death crisis, so senior can rest assured." Xiao Yan said.

"Okay, since she won't wake up for a while, let's do business first." Duan Tianhong glanced at Fei'er, then looked at Xiao Yan with fiery eyes.

"If that's the case... then come on." Xiao Yan smiled, his eyes became heavy!

Holy flame expel the power of evil, this is not a simple thing!

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.