Chapter 13: The fire elf Xiao Yi is beginning to show her power!

"This is definitely a good cauldron!" After Xiao Yan summoned the strange fire, he instantly filled the medicine cauldron, and found that there was no trace of flames overflowing, and those flames were perfectly preserved in the cauldron, and he couldn't help but say.

There are three essential things for a powerful pharmacist: First, strong soul power. Only with a strong soul power can you perfectly control the power of the flame, refine the medicinal power contained in the medicinal materials perfectly, and not waste a single bit of the medicinal materials.

The second is a good medicine cauldron. A good medicine cauldron can perfectly preserve the flame, speed up the refining, and better preserve the quality of the medicine pill! Even the cauldrons on the "Tian Ding Ranking" can cover the vision of the birth of some medicinal herbs!

The third is the powerful fighting spirit, which is the strength of the pharmacist itself. The higher the level of medicinal pills, the more time it takes, and the more precious the medicinal materials needed. Only strong strength can support the completion of high-level medicinal pills. The refining process, otherwise the lack of strength will lead to the failure of refining medicine pills, or even more serious pill destruction!

With these three as prerequisites, plus one's own continuous learning and refining, one can become a qualified pharmacist. To become a high-level pharmacist, one must continue to practice hard.

Xiao Yan summoned Xiao Yi, and before he said much, Xiao Yi seemed to know what Xiao Yan was thinking, and immediately began to breathe flames at the Dan Ding, that appearance was really cute.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled knowingly, and was about to start refining the shape pills, but he didn't notice the guild leader or the outside sensation at all.

"Fire elf? What is that?" Some members of the association present said puzzledly.

"The so-called elves are mysterious creatures born from the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. We in Doudi Continent divide them into elves of the five elements of gold, wood, water, fire, and earth.

They are born with intelligence that is not weaker than human beings, and they have great power, and it is said that the most powerful thing about elves is that they can grow. The silver-haired woman looked at Xiao Yan with envy.

"Not only that, it is said that the five elements of the elves are uniquely endowed by nature, and if they can obtain one of them, their future prospects are limitless! Moreover, elves are the most sincere and simple, and only when they can be recognized by elves can they become partners of elves, and the blessings of elves to partners. And combat augmentation can only be described as terrifying."

Just after Yueru finished speaking, there was a lot of restlessness in the audience, envy and excitement, because at least here they saw the fire spirit with their own eyes!

Xiao Yan listened to these words without saying a word, "It seems that after the assessment is over, it is time to ask the master about Xiao Yi." After that, he didn't get distracted, but concentrated on controlling the flames.

Those who can join the Alchemist Association are definitely not people with bad temperament. They are more respectful. Every strong person is worthy of everyone's respect, not to mention the strength and luck like Xiao Yan. A united genius.

"What Yueru said is very true. I didn't expect that this kid is not only the soul of the emperor, but also has such a rare fire spirit." President Bai Su smiled at the silver-haired woman named Yueru.

"Emperor realm soul?" The silver-haired woman named Yueru said once again deeply shocked!

I knew earlier that even though there are many talented people and talents in Dou Di Continent, but only the profession of alchemist is rare, not to mention how rare it is for high-level pharmacists.

A strong pharmacist must have a strong soul to control the flames and maintain complex and boring alchemy, and a strong pharmacist must be a strong pharmacist!

"President, please let me see this man after this assessment is over!" Yueru looked at President Bai Su firmly as if she had made a decision.

"Are you still unwilling to give up? Although Xiao Yan is blessed with a fire elf, but..." Bai Su saw a look of depression in Yueru's eyes and hurriedly stopped.

"Okay, I'll make arrangements when this assessment is over."

"Thank you, President." Yue Ru excitedly bowed to President Bai Su, then raised her head and looked proudly at Xiao Yan in the assessment arena.

Xiao Yan, who was in the assessment venue, watched the flames in the cauldron scorching hot to the top.

"At this heat, it seems that we can start refining medicine pills." Xiao Yan pointed his finger at the medicine cauldron skillfully, and each of the medicinal materials was thrown into the medicine cauldron, and Xiao Yi was also babbling by the side. After learning Xiao Yan's movements, he also learned the same way.

Since the medicinal materials were put in, the flames in the medicine cauldron were divided into three by Xiao Yan, and the three flames went to the lotus of the earth, the blood emperor leaf, and the ice and snow flame fruit, as if the division of labor was clear!

With such an appearance, it is astonishing that he wants to refine them separately!

The whole process of refining medicine is to use one heart and one heart. It is not possible to use one heart and two hearts. In light of this, the pill will destroy people, and in serious cases, it will be damaged. This is something that every pharmacist knows when he starts.

However, it is also excluded that some alchemists with other means can be divided into three refining!

"What a delicate soul control, he can actually divide the medicinal materials into three parts by himself and refine them at the same time." Bai Su couldn't help but praise Xiao Yan's medicinal refining technique.

You must know that even when Bai Su is refining the medicine by himself, in order to ensure the full refining of the medicinal materials, the refining is controlled by the soul, and the control of the soul and the consumption of oneself are not small. Not everyone is the same. It can be done.

Several hours passed in a blink of an eye.

The material of the lotus of the earth itself is very hard, even if it is an unusual darling of fire like Xiao Yi, the continuous baking and quenching of ultra-high temperature, it finally starts to fall off a little bit, slow It fell off slowly, revealing the blood-red rich energy inside the lotus seeds,

Next came the Blood Emperor Leaf. In a strange scene, after the Lotus of the Earth was refined, the Blood Emperor Leaf suddenly clicked and a leaf fell off, causing a **** bamboo forest to emerge. Then, in the surprised eyes of everyone, A delicate leaf fell from the bamboo forest and slowly turned into a green liquid.

The ice and snow flame fruit is extremely **** the outside, and it is the last refining. The outer shell of the ice and snow flame fruit is slowly refined, and a layer of golden crystals appears. pile of liquid.

Everyone looked at the three piles of liquids in the flames, which radiated a strong power invisible, because they also knew that the first step was completed, and then it was the real game, let these three incompatible liquids fuse!

"Huh, it seems that dividing into three is really a lot of consumption, and the next step is fusion." Xiao Yan looked at the three piles of incompatible liquid in the cauldron, and said helplessly.

Under Xiao Yan's control, the three piles of liquid slowly approached each other.

"Boom boom boom!" Just as the three piles of liquid were slowly approaching each other, three terrifying energies instantly exploded in the tripod!

It seems that the three forces have their own, and no one is allowed to govern each other.

"Oh, you failed to blow up the cauldron, what are you going to do, little guy?" Bai Su murmured to himself, looking at Xiao Yan's state.

Xiao Yan controlled the flames and soul force and kept urging the fusion of the three piles of liquids. After a stalemate for a while, everyone thought that when Xiao Yan was going to fail for the first time, a roar echoed in the assessment area.

"A fried tripod?"

"How can it be!"

"Suck me!" A roar sounded instantly!

​​