Chapter Vol 2 698: mysterious place!

"It's really a lucky guy." Among the ring, a hidden old man spoke slowly.

After speaking, let's go on.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan's figure suddenly flickered, and then Xiao Yi's figure appeared instantly.

Apparently, the one-minute time for possession has come.

"do not know."

"But according to my guess, it should be Sheng Yanjing who shot and killed Xinyan." Xiao Yan said slightly weakly.

"Saint Yanjing shot?"

"Isn't Sheng Yanjing always quiet..." Xiao Yi frowned upon hearing this.

"After all, Xinyan and Huoxintianyan are the same, so it's not surprising." Xiao Yan explained with a smile.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That's really a near miss, otherwise this Xinyan would not be a fuel-efficient lamp." Xiao Yi shook her head and said.

"Big brother, you...seem to have something in your body?" The next moment, Xiao Yi also discovered a flickering light in Xiao Yan's body!

The flickering light seemed to be similar to the holy flame crystal in Xiao Yan's palm!

"This heart rock devoured a part of the source of holy flame. Now that all the source of holy flame has returned, I don't know what happened." Xiao Yan wondered.

"Brother, you'd better adjust your breath first." Xiao Yi said worriedly.

"That's what I meant!" Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words.

Immediately, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and sat cross-legged directly, while the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire was put aside, the holy flame crystal in his hand and the source of holy flame in the battle qi sea in his body echoed!

"I don't know if something will happen." He said softly, and then Xiao Yan closed his eyes and carefully sensed the abnormality of the battle qi sea in his body and the holy flame crystal in his hand.

As for Xiao Yi, she realized it from the side!

This time, the fusion of Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan was a success all day long, but Xiao Yi always felt that the possession was not so successful this time, and it seemed that something was missing.

Although the strength has indeed skyrocketed, there are still some things missing.

"嘁偁嘁!" At this time, Xiao Yan was in the Dou Qi Sea, and the flame beast stared at the uninvited guest in the Dou Qi Sea with fierce eyes!

Ever since it devoured the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock in the desert mountain range, the flaming beast has felt an uninvited guest in the sea of ​​vindictiveness of his life!

I am the condensed of countless fighting qi in the world of fighting qi, and it is unbearable that an uninvited guest occupies my own territory, so the flame beast immediately became angry!

Since this uninvited guest entered the sea of ​​fighting qi, he has shrunk into a ball. It is because of how the flaming beast is roaring, and the light is not abnormal at all.

In addition to the light, the holy flame crystal slowly suspended, and sometimes weak holy flame power would surface, but without exception, it was swallowed by the flame beast, and after swallowing a faint holy flame power, The flame beast actually felt that his body was condensing and shrinking!

This is a good thing!

The smaller the flame beast's body, the closer Xiao Yan's strength is to fighting immortals!

Immediately, the greatest pleasure of this flaming beast is this holy flame crystal.

Because Sheng Yanjing seems to be extremely afraid of flaming beasts, he does not dare to do anything to flaming beasts.

But at this time, the holy flame crystal left the body, and only the light that stored the source of holy flame was left in the Dou Qi Sea. A greedy look appeared in the eyes of the flame beast, trying to swallow it!

"Huhuhu!" The fur of the flaming beast exudes an extremely gorgeous color, and the raging fire burns on its forehead, which is quite domineering!

"Weng Om!" The light of the source power of Fire Heart Tianyan did not have the same knowledge as that of the flaming beast, but only sent out a faint flame towards the flaming beast, and then the flaming beast became quiet.

Because even if it is a faint power of flame, the flame beast knows that the light of this flame is not easy to provoke!

"Fusion." Xiao Yan easily controlled the source of holy flame in his body and a trace of the source of holy flame in the holy flame crystal in his hand, and opened his mouth slightly.

Xiao Yan could feel that the source of Saint Flame in his Dou Qi Sea echoed the source of Saint Flame Crystal in his hand!

"Shabu Shabu!" With Xiao Yan's subtle control, at that time, the bright source of holy flame in the world of Dou Qi burst out directly against the body!

And that holy flame crystal also exudes an extremely dazzling light!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two made contact, an extremely intense flame sensation spread throughout the entire holy flame space!

"Give me a melt!" Xiao Yan forcibly endured the tingling feeling in his scalp, and suddenly drank it!

Even if the powers of the two are of the same origin, the power of the holy flame in Xinyan has been polluted a lot by him, so it is quite difficult to integrate it now!

"Fen Jue!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly thought of something, and then his mind moved, and the Fen Jue exercises from the depths of his heart instantly filled out.

Inspired by the Fen Jue Cultivation Technique, followed by the addition of God's Flame to coordinate, slowly, the Fire Heart Tianyan slowly merged.

This kind of fusion is quite slow. I am afraid that it will take three days for this mere source of power to fuse.

Xiao Yan is naturally not in a hurry. Things have come to this stage. Anxiousness will not solve the problem. Immediately relax, keep controlling the fighting qi and burning determination in the body, and maintain the integration of holy flame.

"Holy flame is the purest flame power, and it is also the most powerful fire attribute power in the entire Great Thousand World."

"Except for some old monster-level holy flames who will cultivate themselves to become human beings, most of the other holy flames are just a flame form, and the holy flame's spirit is only an auxiliary guardian."

"Big brother, this is the real holy flame now." After Xiao Yi finished speaking, she closed her eyes and began to practice.

Xiao Yi's current strength has already reached the eight-star Dou Emperor Consummation, and she is only one step away from the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, but it is this one step that has troubled Xiao Yi for a long time, and Xiao Yi has used the experience of this battle, See if you can get a breakthrough, otherwise, if you want to enter the Nine Star Dou Emperor, I am afraid you can only evolve the identity of the little Yihuo elf.

Xiao Yan was merging with the holy flame, and at the last moment when the holy flame was fused, Xiao Yan's body suddenly trembled, and then Xiao Yan's soul realm shook violently!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly. Just as he was about to start, he found that on the khaki-colored Fire Heart Sky Rock in front of him, a force instantly hit him, and then Xiao Yan only felt that his soul seemed to Leaving Luoling Mountain!

"Big brother..."

"Is this the separation of the soul..." Xiao Yi was instantly awakened by Xiao Yan, but because of her trust in Xiao Yan, she did not act.

"Woooooo!" Somewhere, in a dark and humid environment, gusts of overcast wind blew.

"Where is this?" The colorless and transparent Xiao Yan's soul body slowly appeared here, and then spoke slightly.

Xiao Yan's soul body left his body and immediately looked around vigilantly.

"Chuck choke!"

"Shabu Shabu!" The sound of chains and running water appeared, attracting Xiao Yan's gaze.

What was reflected in Xiao Yan's eyes was a dark mid-air, a figure pierced by pitch-black chains. The figure had extremely long hair and was extremely sloppy. At first glance, it was obvious that it had not been cleaned for many years.

Under the figure running through the chain, a strange water flow that does not know where it is flowing slowly flows.

However, when Xiao Yan saw the figure's abdomen, a stunned voice slowly appeared.

"That is…"

"The smell of holy flame!"

Ask for tickets!