Chapter 347: The fairy bodhi tree!

Following the inquiry of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Yu Xuan's figure was also deeply shocked, and then a very rare expression slowly radiated from his fish eyes, as if he recalled something extremely sad.

"Senior..." Xiao Yan also spoke slowly, although Yu Xuan had said before that the group of people who destroyed their clan also had the power of flames, but after all, it was the revenge of the clan, and Xiao Yan was also afraid of this fish. Xuan Zaidu became furious, so he opened his mouth and said.

"Haha, it's okay."

"Since you are not that group, then I will tell you about it."

"after all……"

"After all, although my Tianmuyu clan has been destroyed, the things of my Tianmuyu clan can be easily obtained by this mysterious royal family!" Yu Xuan also said in a shocking voice.

"As far as I know, the battle between your Tianmuyu clan and the Xuanling royal family a thousand years ago was a one-sided situation..." The Golden Dragon King looked at Yu Xuan and recalled something.

After the plane battle, he was seriously injured and was lucky enough to come to this Xuantian Santian. At that time, it was at the beginning of the Xuantiantian power, so he also knew a little vaguely.

"My lord, seeing that you have a very close relationship with this human being, I have a ruthless request." Yu Xuan also said slowly, his pupils constantly transformed, and then the next moment, he stared at the Golden Dragon King in front of him.

"Huh?" The Golden Dragon King's voice was full of doubts.

Obviously, he is also in the state of the soul body. If Yu Xuan asks him for something, he would not dare to rashly agree. After all, the soul body is the most important thing in consolidating the body. If there is a loss, then even Xiao Yan is the Golden Dragon King. Once he has condensed his body, his strength will be greatly reduced.

"Although I don't know why the adult has become a soul body, but there is a magical plant in my Tianmu fish family, which also has a strong recovery of soul power."

"If your lord gets it, I'm afraid there will be no problem in returning to the peak." Seemingly seeing the concerns of the Golden Dragon King, Yu Xuan also slowly opened his mouth to tempt him.

"Oh!" The Golden Dragon King heard the words and slowly raised his arrogant forehead to look at Yu Xuan. At this time, it seemed that the transaction had some value.

"The cultivation of soul power is very difficult, unless the pharmacist goes through special means to cultivate..."

"And my current state is not a pharmacist, but because of my strength, my body was destroyed and my soul escaped. The thing you said doesn't seem to be of much use to me." The Golden Dragon King is also worthy of The most peak powerhouse, extremely old-fashioned facing Yu Xuandao.

"Hehe, my lord, you don't know anything about it. Our Tianmuyu clan once controlled all the underground rivers in Xuantian Santian, so we are quite aware of these treasures."

"What I'm talking about is only useful for the powerhouse above Dou Xian..."

"Because it also has a name, I believe you will not be unfamiliar." Yu Xuan also smiled slowly, then stared at the Golden Dragon King in front of him, completely forgetting Xiao Yan and his mission of guarding the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Array.

"What name?" The Golden Dragon King also seemed to have thought of something, then slowly turned his head, glanced at Xiao Yan, and joked to Yu after confirming that he was fine.

"Fairy Bodhisattva." Yu Xuan said lightly, and then he didn't say anything, but focused his eyes on the Golden Dragon King.

If this level of treasure is unattractive to this adult, then his unkind request will only be a waste.

"what!"

"It's actually a fairy bodhi tree!" The Golden Dragon King's shocking voice also slowly echoed in the passage.

In the passages next to them, Mu Feng and Mu Yingying were both fighting in dire straits. The two they faced was also a six-star Dou Di-level strongman from the Tianmuyu clan. Although he was a remnant soul, his strength Not as big as before, but not to be underestimated.

"This is……"

"Xiao Yan's breath..."

"I hope he's all right." Mu Feng also said solemnly, and then he didn't dare to neglect, and concentrated on dealing with the guardian in front of him.

Inside Mu Yingying's passage.

"Bastard!" The constant scolding also came from the passage, because when Mu Yingying just entered the passage and summoned the guardian power of the Tianmuyu clan, she was in the exact same situation as Xiao Yan, but it was good. The power of the azure flame on Mu Yingying forced the guardian force to retreat. Otherwise, with Mu Yingying's current strength at the perfect level of a four-star Dou Emperor, it would be comparable to a six-star Dou Emperor's guardian. Enough.

"This power..."

"Xiao Yan, you can't be okay..." Mu Yingying slowly said in her heart when she felt the extremely shocking voice, and then the next moment, she increased her strength and attacked the guardian in front of her. And go.

"What a terrifying fluctuation, are these Xiao Yan fools..."

"To actually challenge the most powerful guardian..."

"That's a powerhouse that is comparable to the eight-star Dou Emperor level of human beings..."

"It's really self-defeating!" At the entrance of the passage, a pair of siblings also said slowly.

"Brother, ignore them. Even if they died in this nine-fish play dragon formation, no one would know. Let's go to the Xuanling Emperor Pond first." Da Fatty also said.

"Um."

"However, it is rumored that Xiao Yan killed the twin ghost emperors. Now, in my opinion, he is nothing more than a reckless man."

"Let's go!" Xiao Shou finished laughing at Xiao Yan, but he didn't hesitate. He walked towards the bottom of the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation There was also a look in the eyes of the golden fish in the hands of the two brothers and sisters. Like living things!

"What did you say!"

"How could your Tianmuyu family have such a thing as a fairy bodhi tree!"

"This is a fairy thing..." In the passage where Xiao Yan was, accompanied by a roar of the Golden Dragon King, it also slowly echoed in the passage.

"My lord, I swear to the sky with this remnant soul, there is no false meaning in these words!"

"My Tianmuyu clan did obtain a fairy bodhi tree by chance, and even if the Xuanling royal family destroyed our family, I still have confidence that the Xuanling royal family cannot use the fairy bodhi tree." The fish clan also said slowly.

"Xianling Bodhi tree is a kind of magical medicinal material that can only be absorbed by strong people above fighting immortals."

"Because its effect is also very obvious, that is to restore the user's soul power!"

"Even if you only have a trace of your soul that is about to be broken, you can still recover to the peak if you have the Bodhi Tree of Immortal Spirit..." Xiao Yan also slowly appeared some information in his heart.

"Oh, it's just that the Xuanling royal family has a strong fighting immortal who can absorb this fairy bodhi tree. How can you be so sure that the Xuanling royal family can't absorb it?"

"Don't forget that the Xuanling royal family has strong fighting immortals." After a brief surprise, the Golden Dragon King came back to his senses, and then said to Yu Xuan that since he decided to trade, he would definitely be tempted. .

"Of course I know."

"because……"

"That's not the fairy tree..."

"It's the mother of the fairy bodhi tree!" Yu Xuan's voice full of jokes also slowly echoed in the passage. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: