Chapter Vol 4 1766: Encountered enemies halfway, Holy See?

Tianxing Continent, this is the second-ranked continent among the four continents divided by Dou Di Continent. The number of resources and powerhouses on the continent is far from comparable to that of Xuanling Continent. An existence on the same level as Yinhuntian.

"I don't know about Tianxing Continent... What's wrong?" Sitting on the spaceship, Xiao Yan asked Lin Qingwen on the deck.

"The Tianxing Continent is not as good as the Xuanling Continent, because we are a continent built with the most wood attributes, such as refining pharmacists and smiths."

"And I have to say that the wood attributes that the royal family of our Heavenly Star Continent has mastered, I am afraid that in the entire Dou Di Continent, there are some fierce names." When Xiao Yan asked this, Lin Qingwen also laughed.

"Oh?"

"Wood attribute?" Xiao Yan said with a smile when he heard the words.

The amber rock soul fire produced by the fusion of the four-color holy flames in his body is no less powerful than the top 15 holy flames, so this time, Xiao Yan did not want to expose it easily.

In addition to the wood attribute that Xiao Yan has never had the time and opportunity to cultivate, it seems that this time the Tianxing Continent has really come to the right.

"Wait... Something's wrong, isn't the Tianxing Continent famous for the power of the stars?"

"How can you use the wood attribute?" For a while, Xiao Yan remembered that the Tianxing Continent was founded by a strong man who mastered the power of the stars.

"The power of the stars is too illusory, and it has long disappeared under the rule of countless generations of royal families. Now the wood attribute is prosperous, and it is also forced by the situation." Lin Qingwen also said regretfully.

"Sir, go back and rest, because there are some problems with the space channel, so you need to transform once in the middle, and we will wake up the adults." Lin Qingwen did not forget to instruct.

"En." Xiao Yan heard the words, and gently walked towards the spaceship. Although there are still many doubts, but only when he arrives in the Tianxing Continent can he have a chance to understand, and Xiao Yan feels that it seems that this Lin Qingwen, Don't know the exact facts.

The Xuanling Continent and the Tianxing Continent are thousands of miles away, and the space channel can only transmit thousands of miles. In addition, the endless fire domain has no ability to build a time-space wormhole, so it must be divided into secondary space channels.

Tianmu City.

This place has been separated from the Xuanling Continent, and one can clearly feel the strong energy of heaven and earth suspended in the air. Compared with the Xuanling Continent, it is undoubtedly much more tyrannical.

Tianmu City is located at the very edge of Tianxing Continent, but this is a quite prosperous city, because there is a rather tyrannical space passage here, so it is the only way for many strong people to travel.

"Let's go straight, we have the princess' warrant, and the Tianmu City city lord should also belong to the princess' faction, so they won't make it difficult for us." Xiao Yan and everyone just exited the space passage, and Lin Qingwen said immediately.

The exits of the space passages are all located in the city, but the exits and entrances are in the north and south directions respectively. At this time, Xiao Yan and everyone just came out of the space passage exits, trying to go to the other entrance, and entering that entrance, they can Arrive directly at the core of Tianxing Continent, the land of the royal family.

"Let's go." Several entourages behind him said softly, looking around cautiously.

"Strange... There seems to be some strange aura here." When Xiao Yan followed Lin Qingwen towards the entrance of the space in the city, there was a rather strange feeling from the soul power in his body, and this feeling, Xiao Yan But remember clearly.

This smell seems to be...

The fluctuations of the light-based vindictive aura cast by the demon of light before?

Moreover, the light-based fighting spirit, not to mention the Dou Di Continent, even the entire Human World is only possessed by the Holy See.

Furthermore, the power of the Holy See is distributed in countless regions in the human world, and the Dou Di Continent is only an important branch of the Holy See. As for where their headquarters is set up, few people know.

"grown ups."

"Here is Tianmu City. We need to enter the space passage from here to reach the royal land smoothly." On the other side, a thin man in gorgeous clothes was facing the four in front of him, bathed in black robes. The strange man below said.

"En." The four strange men spoke slowly, and immediately followed, they were in front of Xiao Yan's crowd.

"This?"

"Lin Qingyun?"

"Why is he here?" After a while, while waiting to step into the entrance of the space passage in a huge square, Lin Qingwen's face unconsciously became ugly.

"What's wrong?" Looking at Lin Qingwen's sudden face, Xiao Yan asked.

"Lord Xiao Yan, please take a look."

"This thin man in front of him is about the late stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals. She is not from the princess' faction. Instead, she has a grudge against the princess. This time, she hastily left the Star Continent, I am afraid it is also to get help." The thin man in the distance said solemnly.

"Is he a supporter of the other two candidates?" Xiao Yan surveyed slightly.

"These four guys... are a bit strong." After some inquiries, Xiao Yan was a little surprised, because under the four men in black robes in front of him, there was probably a light-type battle qi hidden in front of them, but among the four, Except for one person in the middle stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortals, the strength of the other three people vaguely made Xiao Yan somewhat incomprehensible.

Even among the four figures, a guy with a big complexion gave Xiao Yan an unprecedented oppression!

"Teacher...what's the matter?" At the same time, there was a sudden communication among the four figures in black robes waiting to enter the entrance of the space at the edge of the round platform .

"It seems to have found something interesting." The black-robed old man opened his mouth slightly, and there was a smile in his voice.

"That is……"

"Lin Qingwen?"

"And... Xiao Yan who just ruled the Xuanling Continent's Endless Fire Territory?" At this time, Lin Qingyun couldn't help but laugh.

Lin Qingwen is one of the princess' confidants, if he can be killed...

It is even possible to completely obliterate the domain owner of this endless fire domain. After returning, that adult should reward himself with a lot of benefits.

"My lords, that is Lin Qingwen who supports the princess faction, and the recently rumored endless fire domain, domain owner Xiao Yan." Lin Qingyun said with a smile.

"Xiao Yan?"

"This guy seems to have the same name and surname as the Xiao Yan mentioned by the Son of Light... I just don't know if it is the same person."

"Forget it, now that we have met, then trouble the old man Huang, let's kill those guys in one go, and save our time." After a while, the black-robed old man said casually.

"A powerhouse from the Holy See..." At this moment, Xiao Yan laughed. The strength of the black-robed old man may have reached the six-star Dou Xian, which is why he was able to give himself such a tyrannical oppression. Unfortunately, Xiao Yan today Yan's strength has skyrocketed. If there is no seven-star fighting immortal powerhouse, I am afraid it will be extremely difficult to completely obliterate it. I am afraid that the mere six-star fighting immortal is not enough.

For a time, the 100-meter round platform square where there were only Xiao Yan and the two old men in black robes was filled with a strong smell of gunpowder.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.