Chapter Vol 2 757: Xuanyin Dan

"Xuanyin Pill."

In the firewood room, Xiao Yan adjusted his breath and then stared at a scroll among the three medicinal herbs.

At this time, above this volume of prescription, a powerful soul force appeared, which was a way to protect the prescription at a glance.

This scroll is the recipe for this medicinal pill refining.

"Apothecary refining is really a profession with a panacea." Xiao Yan looked at the roll of prescriptions, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Sure enough, as a pharmacist, and a high-level pharmacist who others have asked for from him, not only does he prepare his own medicinal materials, but even the very precious prescription has to be handed over.

After all, it is you who begged other pharmacists to refine medicine pills for you. Without the medicinal materials, the pharmacist can hardly cook without rice. If there are only medicinal materials and no prescriptions, the pharmacists can’t fiddle with anything, so the medicinal materials and prescriptions are cheaper for the pharmacists. .

"Xuanyin Pill, why do I remember that this pill sounds familiar?" Xiao Yan picked up the prescription lightly in the palm of his hand, and suddenly wondered a few words.

"I remember Uncle Golden Dragon King said that this Xuanyin Pill is very suitable for some women to heal wounds. I don't know what Qinxin's refining of this Pill does." Xiao Yan wondered.

"Hey, don't worry, open it first and have a look." Xiao Yan couldn't remember the specific problem for a while, and immediately said.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan mobilized the soul power in the soul stone in the soul realm in his body to face the prescription. This time, mobilizing the soul power is easier than ever before. This is obviously the effect of the soul stone compressing the soul power. .

But the next moment, an extremely terrifying soul wave spread out from the prescription scroll in an instant.

"My good fellow, it's still a fairly high-level prescription." The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes became solemn, because he suddenly realized that the soul power he had mobilized at this time could not crack the prescription scroll, and immediately sighed. Get up, and then constantly draw the soul power in the body towards the prescription.

If you want to read the contents of the refining medicine prescription, soul power is essential.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, many beads of sweat appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead, and then the prescription scroll was slowly cracked by Xiao Yan.

"Xuanyin Dan can cure intractable diseases, and it has miraculous effects on women born with cold body."

"It is said that it has immeasurable benefits for some natural injuries." Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly became strange when he saw this.

The reason why Qinxin asked herself to refine this medicinal pill was because she had some discomfort in her body?

However, with Xiao Yan's huge soul power, she didn't find any discomfort in Qin Xin's body, so she immediately hesitated.

If it wasn't for this reason, why would Qinxin choose not to choose other alchemists, but choose herself...

Xiao Yan pondered for a short time without results, and immediately continued to read the prescription, trying to find the answer in it.

"Refining medicinal materials, the sea of ​​blood and the sky, the blue flames and mysterious thunder, and the fallen star branches."

"It's gone?" Xiao Yan looked at the few large lines above the prescription, and immediately became a little depressed.

"Wait, there are more words." But the next moment, Xiao Yan discovered that at the bottom of the prescription, a few lines of small words suddenly appeared.

"The use of this Dan Ruo and Holy Blood Ganoderma lucidum can cure dark diseases." The few small words that were inconspicuous, however, gave Xiao Yan a great shock.

"It seems that the secrets on Qinxin's body and the forces behind it should have a certain connection. The reason why she asked me to make medicine pills is to prevent others from finding out that she has a dark disease. I don't think she still made a mistake. The trick was discovered by luck."

"However, this hidden disease is elusive." Xiao Yan seemed to have understood something when he saw this.

Although there is no so-called Holy Blood Ganoderma lucidum among the three medicinal herbs, but with Xiao Yan's shrewdness, how could he not know the secrets? Qinxin hid it, but it happened that the prescription forgot to deal with it.

"Forget it, don't care about it for now, no matter what Qinxin's background is, this is an exchange of equal value. As long as it is beneficial, other things will not be considered." Xiao Yan shook his head diligently.

"Next, let's start refining."

"Although this medicinal pill is at the peak of the second-rank emperor-rank human-rank, the refining time is definitely not short."

"Moreover, the main medicinal materials of these three flavors alone will take a short period of time." Xiao Yan made up his mind and opened his mouth immediately.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately turned his attention to the three medicinal herbs in front of him.

Of the three medicinal herbs, the medicinal ingredients are obviously the same, but there are only three copies. After all, even a master alchemist will fail when refining medicinal herbs, so it is not a bad thing to prepare more medicinal ingredients.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, I didn't expect Qinxin's three medicinal herbs to be the best choice. With the power of my holy flame, the refined medicinal herbs will definitely give birth to pill patterns."

"If that's the case, then the reward is justified." Xiao Yan smiled.

Pill pattern is something that only appears when the medicinal pill is refined to the limit. If there is a pill pattern, it is the best choice whether it is the energy or quality of the medicinal pill.

"The first step in refining."

"Ding come." After Xiao Yan checked that there was no problem with the three medicinal herbs, he simply opened his mouth and took out an alchemy cauldron from his collection ring!

This cauldron is impressively the black devil who made medicine pills by his master Yao Lao I think Xiao Yan was jealous of this cauldron for a long time, and Yao Lao just gave it to him when he left the Dou Qi Continent. For a powerful alchemist, if the mobile phone does not have a good cauldron, it would be too outrageous.

Since Xiao Yan came to Dou Di Continent, this medicine cauldron also came here with Xiao Yan.

"It's really been a long time since I made a medicinal pill." Xiao Yan stared at the imposing black demon, and immediately smiled slightly.

"Weng Om!" The black devil seemed to be quite spiritual, and when Xiao Yan cheered so much, he immediately responded with a cheerful voice.

"Let's do it." Gently stroked the black demon a few times, and recovered some of the feel of refining medicinal pills, the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved slightly.

"In the past, the power of Emperor Yan was used to refine medicinal herbs, but now that holy flame is swallowed, I am afraid it is faster to use holy flame to refine medicinal pills." Xiao Yan thought to himself.

He thought to himself, and then Xiao Yan's mind moved, and the khaki-yellow holy flame energy was provoked in his body, filling the black magic cauldron with black in a short period of time!

"Good cauldron and good fire!" Xiao Yan looked at the burning holy flame among the black demons, and the corner of his mouth immediately caused a strange arc. With holy flame, I am afraid that the time for refining the medicinal pill will be greatly reduced.

"I don't know if I can refine these three medicinal materials in a month, and the pill thunder calamity brought by the second-grade emperor-rank medicinal pills is also a problem." Xiao Yan held the three pairs in the palm of his hand. Herbs, staring straight at the Black Demon, seems to be thinking about something.

Ask for tickets!