Chapter Vol 4 1639: respectively!

The blue liquid flame seems to be extremely reluctant to Xiao Yan, and it is quite a memory, and although Xiao Yan temporarily stripped the source of Ghost Face Soul Flame, Sheng Yan did not leave Xiao Yan, so the breath and even the source were not lost.

"..." The next moment, in this space, there was a dead silence, Hao Ni'er's beautiful eyes turned back and forth between Xiao Yan and the Soul Eater, but after a while, he shook his head.

It's not that Hao Ni'er is passionate about ghost face and soul inflammation, but Hao Ni'er knows that although her teacher is not an evil person, she is proud of everything she has done in her life, but she breaks through the Eight Star Fighting Immortals and steps on. Entering the Nine Stars Fighting Immortal is his dream.

Nine-star Fighting Immortal, that is another level. In the great thousand world, the powerhouse who will step into the Nine-star Fighting Immortal will become Samsara.

And once you step into the cycle of reincarnation, the various changes that will occur will probably be the most mysterious and unpredictable existence in this world. It will live with the sky and sleep with the earth, so as to achieve true eternal existence. For a powerhouse like the Soul Lord, it is full of endless attraction.

It's just that what Hao Ni'er is worried about now is her little junior brother, Xiao Yan.

She knew that once Sheng Yan left the body, his strength would be regressed and his source would be unstable. In the future, his strength would be difficult to improve, and he would fall. No matter what kind of harm it was, Xiao Yan was extremely dignified.

"You little guy, what you did really exceeded my expectations."

"But you need this thing more than me. Take it back. I believe that you will never be lower than me in the future."

"As for reincarnation... I will use my own method to step into it."

"And the last time the Second Domain was defeated, this time, our Soul Eater Domain will let Li Soul Domain repay in full." At this moment, the Soul Eater Lord smiled lovingly, his voice was extremely flat, but it was this kind of flatness. , but it is full of strange fluctuations.

This wave of fluctuation is like the law of heaven and earth. The great world calls this kind of thing...

reincarnation.

"This is... the power of reincarnation?" Seeing this scene, Hao Ni'er was shocked and lost her voice.

Even Hao Ni'er's power in the middle stage of the Eight Stars Fighting Immortals is half-understood about reincarnation. The power of reincarnation seems to exist only in the great world. What exactly is it, how to cultivate and how to obtain it, with her talent, it is also unknown.

"Gollum Gollum." The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Take it back." After a while, looking at Xiao Yan who was unmoved, Hao Nier's figure wriggled and came to Xiao Yan's side, patted Xiao Yan's shoulder with the palm of his hand, and the power of holy flame suddenly returned to Xiao Yan. In the body, immediately on Hao Ni'er, the dazzling power was irrigating Xiao Yan. Suddenly, Xiao Yan's action did not cause any damage to him, but it also consumed a lot of Hao Ni'er's origin. It takes a lot of time to restore these original powers.

Otherwise, without the power of the source of the eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's move today, whether successful or not, will pose a threat to his source.

"Ah..." Xiao Yan shook his head when he saw this.

"Okay, little guy."

"This time, it may be separated." The three were silent for a moment, and the Master of Soul Eater said.

Now that half of the powerhouses in the Soul Eater Domain are here, the attack on the Li Soul Domain requires careful planning, and he and the others need a real leader, and the Qidu Divine Soul Lamp is in hand, naturally to restore their original power. .

"Teacher, don't worry."

"The rest of the way, the disciple will walk by himself. After all, I am your disciple. I can't say anything to disgrace your face, hehe." Xiao Yan said with a grin, but he did not bring Qidu into the soul cup and himself. Xiao Wen said things about it. After a long time, Qidu Yinhunzhan returned to Xiao Yan's hands, but it opened a new door for Xiao Yan.

"Immortal Fire and Acacia Broken Enteritis should all be in the hands of the Lord of Li Soul, but you can remember one thing. No matter what method he finds, because he is a soul and soul, he cannot condense a human body, even if it is a human body. In the worst case, he can only devour a holy flame." Seeing Xiao Yan's bright smile, Soul Eater said.

"Disciple remembered." Xiao Yan nodded his head, obviously now, only the last holy flame is left, and the trip to the ghost world is a perfect end.

After the ghost world was over, it was time to resurrect Mu Yingying and go to Doudi Continent to find Xun'er and solve the family mystery.

"Let's go."

"There are many strong people in our Soul Devouring Domain in the Earth Spirit Academy and Li Soul Domain, and they will help you secretly."

"This time, I need to close down, maybe next time, see you next time, you little guy can grow to the point that I am surprised." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled quite comfortably.

"Teacher, I will join in this battle between the two domains." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't say much, and smiled slightly.

"Teacher believes you." The Soul Eater heard the words, but without any hesitation, he answered directly.

"Teacher, Senior Sister, I'm leaving, you should take care." After a while, Xiao Yan's figure did not hesitate, and walked directly over here, towards the Central Territory, Ten Thousand Fire Sect, Xiao Yan was afraid of separation, not to mention the soul-devouring A powerhouse like the Lord of Souls, the Lord of Soul Eater, accompanied him along the way, and already existed on the same level as Yao Lao, so Xiao Yan could only do this, so as to prevent himself from showing some ugly expressions.

There, now Xiao Yan has a safe place to live. Not only are there many subordinates who believe in him, but there are even Xiao Gui and others, a place where he can truly feel the warmth.

"Teacher... Would this be a little too cruel to him?" As Xiao Yan left here, Hao Ni'er suddenly had a hint of concern in her beautiful eyes, and asked, apparently using Yuhuan before to probe Xiao Yan's body to some other things.

Handing over the responsibility of the Xiao clan to a young man made Hao Ni'er more or less worried.

"The matter of the Xiao family, at least until his strength reaches seven stars or even stronger, before we can tell him."

"Moreover, the Xiao clan's powerhouses have the grace of knowing many of our top powerhouses. This time the second domain is over I also have to try to contact other powerhouses to explore this secret together. I hope the final result, It won't be too bad."

"And don't worry, this little guy has grown up as I watched along the way." The Lord of Soul Eater said helplessly.

"This little guy can't even see through me. I'm afraid he will stand at the top of the world in the future." After a while, Hao Ni'er also laughed.

"Yep."

"Let's go." After saying that, the figures of the two slowly disappeared, and they took the Qidu Inducing Soul Lamp towards a mysterious void in Li Soul Territory. There, it was the base camp where Soul Devouring Territory attacked Li Soul Territory. .

This is a space ship built by the Devouring Power of the Soul Eater. It is specially used to carry powerful people on a large scale. It can be said without hesitation that at this time, there are many powerhouses quietly lurking on the ship. It can completely destroy Li Soul Realm.

It's just that with the return of Soul Eater and Hao Ni'er, after Hao Ni'er sent out orders to wait and see the changes, Chuan Zhi stayed here quietly, although for these powerhouses, it took several years. It's just a snap of their fingers, but as time goes on, they are becoming more and more dissatisfied with Hao Ni'er, but they obviously don't know that Hao Ni'er delays the time so much, the purpose is to let the Soul Eater go out!

Once the Lord of Soul Eater successfully exits the border, then this time the battle between the two domains will have a great success rate.

For nothing else, it should only be the sudden fluctuation of the Lord of Soul Eater. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

Reincarnation!

A strong person who has stepped into the reincarnation can be enough to kill the entire realm. After all, even in the many regions of the ghost world, there is no reincarnation strong person, and the top strong person is only stuck in the eight-star battle of immortals. At the peak, I can't take that last step for a long time.

One step to heaven, one step to hell.

Whether reincarnation or fall, I am afraid it is unknown.