Chapter Vol 4 1448: Drug market!

When time passes, it will be ten days.

For ten days, Xiao Yan has been behind closed doors, and has been diligently studying the formation techniques that Yuan Yan has given him. Therefore, his understanding and use of formation techniques has also reached a new level, and he will never commit to spreading formation patterns on the formation again. The low-level mistakes in the law, the battle with people in the future, the power of the formation is also a higher level.

"Hoohoo."

"The formation is really broad and profound." Xiao Yan slowly put away the scroll, then stretched his waist and said.

Xiao Yan had benefited a lot from the ten-day sleepless training, but such a high-intensity practice was also exhausting.

"I remember that the guy who led the way said before that there are many magical medicines here. I don't know if I can collect the last herbs..."

"After all, immortal fire, but even the master praises the things that have a family..."

"Let's go to the medicine market first." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, then quietly left his residence and headed towards the medicine market.

"Isn't it dead fire..."

"If it is really in control, I am afraid that it will be able to achieve immortality in the true sense... If it is combined with immortal flames, immortality and immortality, I am afraid that the same level in the world is also invincible, and even has the opportunity to set foot on that supreme path." Feeling Xiao Yan muttering to himself, the Master of Soul Eater also laughed.

However, the only thing that the Master of Soul Eater concealed from Xiao Yan was that his resurrection not only needed the treasure in the Li Soul Realm as the lead, but also needed the power of the three holy flames to assist, and they were indispensable.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan now only has two holy flames, Fire Heart Tianyan and Ghost Face Soul Flame. As for Mu Yingying's ethereal flame, in order to preserve the original power of her holy flames, it is convenient to find Acacia Brokenheartitis for resurrection in the future. , Xiao Yan had already secretly made up his mind not to use it, so the battle for the undead fire became the top priority.

It's just that Mu Yingying's sacrifice had something to do with the negligence of the Master of Soul Eater, so the Master of Soul Eater did not tell Xiao Yan such an important thing.

The drug market is located in a densely populated place not far from where they live.

The four districts of Sifang City, north, south, east, and west, all have their own medicine markets and some buildings, maintaining the prosperity of the entire square.

"It's such a prosperous place." Xiao Yan didn't leave for a long time, and suddenly noticed a strong stream of Danxiang coming out, and suddenly smiled slowly.

"Medicine Market!" Looking up, in the vacant place in the street not far away, two conspicuous big characters of Medicine Market appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan.

"It should be here... I hope you don't let me down." He muttered slowly, then stepped directly into it, and Xiao Yan ran out secretly, so naturally you don't have to worry about Du Qifei and the others, after all, there are too many people, which is also a kind of Trouble, not to mention that the girls still have their own characteristics, and they are not allowed to attract bees and butterflies when they stay by their side.

"Emperor-rank third-grade Tiandan... Yuanyuan Dan!"

"It can increase the strength of the user by nearly 50% in a short period of time. Don't miss it when you pass by."

"I am worried about the fourth rank of the immortal rank, the robbery pill!"

"After taking it, it can reduce the danger of Dou Immortal Tribulation, and there is a very small chance that Dou Immortal Tribulation will be wiped out so that there is no need to cross the calamity..." Xiao Yan had just stepped into the medicine market, and suddenly there was a continuous trail on both sides, countless stalls. The Lord slowly placed his belongings and shouted incessantly.

Although the Sifang of Tianming Mountain Villa is the residence of most people who have contributed to the four continents, it is not guaranteed that some of them are their descendants, and there are also many strong people who like this kind of life, so this medicine market is quite prosperous.

"Although these medicinal herbs are of high rank, they are not what I need." Xiao Yan walked around while scanning the various magical elixir on the side of the path. Among them, there are some immortal medicinal herbs, and even more high-end medicinal herbs. Immortal rank fifth-grade medicinal pills, but that kind of medicinal pills, the items that need to be exchanged are naturally not bad, and it is not what Xiao Yan needs the most.

For the fight for the undead fire, Xiao Yan not only has the undead ghost fighting spirit, but also has the original things such as undead leaves, as well as the medicinal pill prepared by devouring the holy flame, but now there is still a lack of the last medicinal material. It is what Xiao Yan needs most.

"Medicine Pavilion?" Suddenly, Xiao Yan slowly walked along the street for a while, but found that he didn't have what he needed. Immediately after slowly raising his head, he saw a magnificent building in front of him that suddenly appeared. in sight.

What appeared in Xiao Yan's pupils was an impressively silvery glow. Around the building, circles of refreshing white smoke slowly lingered, making it extremely mysterious.

"Pill fog?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered.

The so-called Dan Wu is a special gas produced by some high-level medicinal pills, which can be absorbed for a long time and has unimaginable benefits for alchemists.

"Go and have a look..." Xiao Yan moved slowly, preparing to go towards the Medicine Pavilion.

"Hey, little guy, the old white-haired guy next to him... Go and take a look." In an instant, the Master of Soul Eater said directly.

"Old man." Xiao Yan heard this. Although he was puzzled, he temporarily suppressed his curiosity. He came to the old man's booth and asked slowly.

"What? Little guy, is there something wrong?" The white-haired old man opened his eyes and glanced slowly before asking.

"This is the first time this kid comes to this medicine pavilion. I want to ask the old man about some things." Xiao Yan said with a smile. With his excellent soul power, he also found out that the old man is not easy!

"This little guy... interesting." The next moment, the white-haired old man took a careful look at Xiao Yan and said.

"The old man...is there any difference between this medicine pavilion and the medicine market?" Xiao Yan slowly stared at the old man in front of him, and immediately asked.

The stall in front of the old man was filled with some inconspicuous porcelain, but Xiao Yan, with his perception, found that these strange-shaped porcelain turned out to be like a ring!

The only items in the general storage space are the Na ring, and the volume of such antique porcelain is several times larger than that of the Na ring. What it needs is not only extremely powerful soul power, but also some unique secret methods, so the identity of this old man , I'm afraid it's pretty decent.

"In the medicine market, the medicine pavilion is the largest, and the medicine market is managed by the medicine pavilion." The old man smiled slowly, and there was a smile in his voice.

"That's it Xiao Yan nodded and said immediately.

"In the medicine market, most of them are places where idlers buy and sell things, and there is a clear division of labor in the medicine pavilion, which preserves the privacy of buyers and sellers, so it is respected by everyone." The old man smiled.

"Junior thanks senior." Xiao Yan bowed and smiled, then stepped into the extremely mysterious medicine pavilion.

"This guy...to be able to have such a source of soul power at such a young age, and he also has a lot of familiar fluctuations... It seems that this time the ratio of the four continents, some have seen it." The old man murmured slightly, and then took back his booth Former antique porcelain.

"Tian Lao...why are you here...please." As Xiao Yan disappeared, a man appeared in the medicine pavilion facing the old man, and smiled at the white-haired old man with a pleasing face.

Who would have thought that this seemingly harmless old man was actually the one who controlled the sealed land in Tianming Villa!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!