Chapter 598: His life is mine!

With the shocking explosion in the Temple of Medusa, it suddenly spread throughout the entire desert of death!

Somewhere in one of the nine major tribes of Medusa, an elderly man slowly stomped on a snake-headed cane, then squinted and looked into the distance!

"Boom boom boom!" A terrifying explosion sounded, and the old man's pupils suddenly flashed with surprise!

"That is……"

"The direction of the Temple of Medusa..."

"This volatility... that little guy actually succeeded?"

"My Medusa clan has gone through countless clansmen, but I haven't cracked the secret of the Medusa Temple. I didn't expect it to be cracked by a little foreign doll today."

"But it's okay, it's time for me, the Medusa family, to take care of it." The old man was actually Shefu.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Pass my order to hold the highest-level meeting of the Medusa family."

"Our Medusa family, it's time to elect a king." After Shefu finished speaking, his pupils flashed with a strange look.

Following Shefu's order, the entire Medusa family was busy, because they all knew that there seemed to be some kind of creature in the Medusa Temple, and that creature made the blood in the deepest part of their bodies surrender to it!

In the shattered void where Xiao Yan, the lonely desert of death, is located!

Xiao Yan and the Gorefiend's energy clone were inseparable!

If it weren't for the fact that Xiao Yan had just swallowed the holy flame, his strength had skyrocketed, and with the assistance of Long Yi and Xinyan, I'm afraid Xiao Yan would really not be able to deal with this Gorefiend's energy clone!

This Gorefiend's energy clone doesn't know why, although the projection power came to the Doudi Continent, but at best, it is only a powerhouse who blindly completes the eight-star Doudi!

However, Rao was like this, and it also brought a lot of difficulties to Xiao Yan.

"asshole."

"This Gorefiend is so terrifying with just such an energy clone, then if the real Gorefiend comes..." Xiao Yan wiped the blood on the corner of his mouth, and then swallowed a large amount of pills directly , gasping.

"I can't say the same. After all, the power of the blood demon's energy clone is suppressed by the plane, so it can't release much power."

"Also, although I am Shengyan, my peak strength is the peak of the Dou Emperor. It was fine at the beginning, and my strength reached the Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation, but now I don't know why, my strength is exactly the same as yours."

"I think it has something to do with the burning in your body."

"Your strength has suppressed my strength." Xinyan said to Xiao Yan.

"Don't you exist alone?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"I can change it to another existence of holy flame, because holy flame was swallowed by you and turned into a part of your fighting qi, although I don't know why there are twenty-three kinds of flame fighting qi in your body, but my holy flame is a part of your fighting spirit. The power of flame is integrated into your fighting spirit." Xinyan said.

"After talking so much, you just want to say, if you want to increase your strength, your strength will also increase?" Xiao Yan asked rhetorically.

"Yes, this is the horror of our Holy Flame Spirit, which has unlimited potential just like the Burning Jue in your body." Xinyan said firmly.

"Don't talk about it, this Gorefiend seems to be preparing for the final attack." Just when Xiao Yan and Xinyan were about to say something, the already scarred Long Yi said weakly.

Although Long Yi's strength has now recovered to the half-immortal level, he is not very useful against the Gorefiend, because Long Yi's attack on the Gorefiend's energy clone can be completely ignored!

One side is the energy clone, the other side is the soul power. The two have different attributes. Naturally, Long Yi can't hit the Gorefiend Left, but the Gorefiend's evil attack is attacking Long Yi. This is the most angry!

"Humans, I have to say that you are actually able to resist my attack with the strength of the late six-star Dou Di, which is enough to show your evil spirit."

"But my blood demons can exist for such a long time, not only by absorbing fresh blood."

"If you can't use it for me, then you will perish!"

"Blood Demon Gold Qi!"

"Get up!" Gorefiend's energy clone suddenly laughed strangely, and quickly changed his handprints by hand. The laughter was extremely gloomy like a deadly ghost!

Moreover, with the strange laughter and handprints of the Gorefiend's energy clone, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the Gorefiend's golden energy in his chest was shaking violently!

The blood demon gold energy in the chest vibrated violently, and then turned into a force of evil, constantly attacking Xiao Yan's soul realm, battle qi sea, and even the brain center!

Trying to occupy Xiao Yan's body and assimilate to become a member of the evil clan!

"Ah ah ah!" Xiao Yan hugged his forehead tightly with both hands, a sense of powerlessness spread throughout his body!

"Damn..." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, the corners of his mouth were clearly showing a lot of blood because of the excessive force!

But now Xiao Yan can't control so much anymore, this blood demon golden energy is too terrifying, even if it is suppressed by the power of Xinyan holy flame, it cannot be completely suppressed, after all, it is still under the control of the blood demon energy clone Explode!

"Ah ah ah!" A scream echoed in the shattered void.

With the dirty method of the blood demon's energy clone, the immortal body that wrapped Xiao Yan's whole body disappeared instantly, and even above Xiao Yan's body, the power of the earthy yellow holy flame and the purple gold blood demon energy continued. You come and go, fighting in Xiao Yan's body!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan forcibly guarded his soul realm, the battle qi sea and the spiritual realm, letting the blood demon gold qi flow everywhere!

Xiao Yan not only possesses the power of different fires, but also possesses the power of holy flames. Although there is no way to completely eradicate this evil blood demon golden energy, it can be done without being swallowed and assimilated by it!

"Go back to me!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan suddenly resounded in his heart, and then the incomparably domineering Blood Demon Gold Qi was directly forced back to his chest by Xiao Yan!

"Seal!" Xiao Yan had just forced the blood demon golden energy back to his chest. Xiao Yan directly used the power of holy flame and the power of different fire to set up ten layers of seals around him, and then he breathed heavily.

"Gorefiend's golden qi is indeed evil!" Xiao Yan said slightly in his heart, just now he had finally seen the appearance of this gorefiend's golden qi bursting out. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan having the power of holy flame and strange fire I'm afraid It can directly occupy the body and devour the soul by this blood demon golden energy!

"Gorefiend explodes!" Seeing this, the Gorefiend made his energy clone, although he wondered why Xiao Yan was not assimilated, but he didn't show anything. The black energy all over his body instantly snorted coldly, and a black ball was instantly born.

Above the black ball, there is boundless evil power and **** power, even an eight-star Dou Di perfect powerhouse, under this powerful blow, can't escape the fall!

"This is..." Xiao Yan's body was weak for a while. After all, he just spent a lot of money to resist the outbreak of the blood demon's golden energy.

However, after Xiao Yan saw the black ball condensed by the Gorefiend's energy clone, a wave of death was attached to his heart!

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan scolded weakly, and then saw that the Gorefiend's energy clone instantly merged into the black ball, and an earth-shattering voice echoed!

"go to hell!"

After speaking, the black ball that contained incomparable evil attacked Xiao Yan, and came to Xiao Yan in an instant!

Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, he was just about to mobilize the strange fire and burning judgment in his body, trying to detonate it to get a chance to escape, but the price was too expensive, and Xiao Yan would definitely not use it until the crisis!

"His life..."

"It's mine!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to detonate all the strange fires in his body, a familiar voice spread throughout this shattered space!

Xiao Yan raised his head and saw a beautiful figure wrapped in the power of ten colors!

Ask for tickets!