Chapter Vol 4 1298: Fight!

"Damn!" And Xiao Yan's soul power was huge enough, so he naturally discovered Liu Qing's breath and a rather unfamiliar breath under the cliff.

Not to mention the unfamiliar aura for the time being, but it vaguely made Xiao Yan feel uneasy for a while, I am afraid that this woman's identity and strength are extremely good.

At this time, Xiao Yan didn't have time to wonder why Liu Qing was here, his speed soared, and he took off the ancient ruler behind him and attacked the man in black!

At this time, both Liu Qing and Duo Qifei were climbing up the ropes under the cliff, and it was night. The two of them relied on a trace of light to move forward. In addition, there was obviously a tyrannical prohibition under the cliff, and they could not use any fighting spirit. Therefore, if their two daughters were hit by a man in black, it would be extremely dangerous.

"Liu Qing, there are enemies, be careful!" Seeing that his speed was too late, Xiao Yan hurriedly shouted at the front of the cliff.

"Ah?" Liu Qing's soul strength is not weak, and he is about to break through to the fairyland. In addition to the familiarity with Xiao Yan's breath, he just heard the voice and immediately recognized Xiao Yan's voice without any hesitation. Qi Fei, retreated towards the bottom of the rope.

"Sister Liu Qing, what are you doing!"

"I'm leaving here soon!" Duan Qifei snorted in dissatisfaction, but her delicate body was still taken down by Liu Qing.

Before Du Qifei's voice fell, the place where the two of them had just climbed up the rope suddenly shattered and opened. The shattering was like an instant annihilation, leaving no trace.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sisi." Seeing this, Duo Qifei couldn't help taking a deep breath!

If it wasn't for Sister Liu Qing taking her down, I'm afraid she would have already reached the position she just destroyed, and she will be destroyed by then. The intensity of the destruction is not something the two of them can handle.

"Susu!"

"Little chops!"

"You're following me?" Seeing that his attack was destroyed, the man in black couldn't help turning back and shouting at the figure behind him. This attack obviously consumed a lot of his strength.

With just such a glance, Liu, the man in black, immediately recognized Xiao Yan.

"It's been a long time since you were with you." Xiao Yan said nonchalantly, with the blessing of the flames above the black robe, Xiao Yan was naturally not afraid of the ghostly energy of the man in black, even though the man in black recognized Xiao Yan, he was not afraid.

"Boy, I haven't had time to settle the matter with you. You brought it here by yourself..." The man in black looked at Xiao Yan and said viciously.

"Your identity seems to be a bit special." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, no matter what the man in black was, today, he would definitely not be able to escape.

"Today, take your fall to pay homage to the great feat of our soul clan!"

"Susu!" After the man in black finished speaking, he didn't chase after the two girls under the cliff, but turned into a cloud of black smoke and shot at Xiao Yan.

"Come up quickly."

"I'll deal with this person." Looking at the man in black who was whistling, Xiao Yan took the time to say something to the two women below.

"Pfft." With a sound, the two women immediately followed the rope to the top of the cliff.

"Huhu." As soon as she came to the top of the cliff, Du Qifei immediately began to breathe. Obviously, the shocking scene just now, coupled with the fact that climbing the ropes consumed a lot of strength, made her quite unbearable.

"Xiao Yan!"

"I knew you were all right!" Liu Qing said with a smile as soon as she arrived on the cliff, her heart was slightly relieved, otherwise if something happened to Xiao Yan, she would be more or less uncomfortable.

"This is..." The next moment, the two girls looked into the starry sky, and a cloud of black smoke and Xiao Yan's whole body suddenly collided with the fiery red flames.

"Bang bang bang!" The hot fire wave directly burned the black smoke formed by the man in black.

"Damn, what kind of flame is this, how can it burn my fighting spirit and soul power?" The man in black couldn't help but let out a loud shout, and then his figure quickly retreated.

In the Great Thousand World, the branches of the soul clan are everywhere, but the soul clan has some unique fighting spirit, their fighting spirit is different from that of ordinary people, so the people of the soul clan call their fighting spirit soul power!

And this kind of soul power is stronger than ordinary fighting qi and fighting immortal power. In the final analysis, its formation is impressively extracted from soul power!

"This guy's fighting spirit is a bit weird." Only in the first round of the real fight did Xiao Yan realize that the black smoke-like smoke on the man in black was actually some kind of special power!

This power is more powerful than the powerhouses of the soul clan he has encountered before. If Xiao Yan's fire attribute fighting qi was not baptized by the holy flame, it would be difficult to burn it.

"Susu!"

"Three Soul Chains!" The next moment, the man in black did not give Xiao Yan any chance to breathe, and in the black mist, three terrifying chains that were full of cold light appeared directly!

"Fall for me!" On top of the three chains, with a burst of small eerie runes, under the control of the man in black, they directly attacked Xiao Yan. The sharp part actually caused the starry sky to emerge. Fantastic.

"Call."

"The fourth finger of the sky and the second finger!"

"Break the sky!" A majestic voice slowly emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth, and then Xiao Yan's fire attribute grudge filled the entire starry sky. The next moment, all the flames in the starry sky suddenly converged on Xiao Yan. With his fingertips, Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent, he raised his palm, his index finger stuck out, and gently tapped towards the man in black!

"Shabu Shabu!" With a seemingly random finger, a tyrannical flaming giant finger directly attacked the three chains, which contained the destructive power that was enough to shatter the starry sky.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the two attacked, bursts of vibrations emanated directly from the center of the battle, and even the chain was attacked by the giant flame finger, and a trace of cracks continued to emerge!

"Little bastard!" Seeing this, the man in black roared with rage, and then, regardless of the rest, the tyrannical soul power of his body was poured into it, and the light above the three chains would be even brighter!

"Don't think that you will inject power!"

"Huoxin Tianyan!" When Xiao Yan saw this, he didn't dare to hold back, after all, the soul power on this guy was extraordinary.

"Boom boom boom!" The raging fire was vented directly from Xiao Yan's body, and then like a tide, it was injected directly into the flame finger!

"Crack!" With a sound, in the starry sky, the stalemate attack like a rock, but it collapsed under the injection of Xiao Yan Shengyan!

"Pfft!" Seeing this, Heiyi's heart trembled, a mouthful of black blood spurted out suddenly, and then his body lost its breath, and he flew upside down towards the bushes under the cliff.

"Cough cough." Xiao Yan also waved his hand, and directly slowly dissipated the remaining energy fluctuations in the starry sky, and went down to find the man in black.

"The khaki flame this guy just used is probably a kind of holy flame..." At this time, Du Tianfeng and Lei Chengzhu, who were hiding in the dark, said solemnly.

Sheng Yan, this kind of thing only exists in the hands of the most powerful people in the Great Thousand World, how can they not be shocked by seeing it with their own eyes!

. m.