Chapter Vol 4 1815: Dive into the Tianxuan Mountains!

Three days passed in a blink of an eye. The Sky Star Continent seemed peaceful, but there was a hidden murderous intention, and Xiao Yan and the others also quietly reached a secret passage on the edge of Sky Star City.

"Is it Master Xiao Yan?" The passageway just wriggled, dozens of figures appeared, and Lin Hao asked the crowd.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and immediately laughed, his body took a step forward, and he waved to Ji Xuan and the others.

During the three days in the passage, Xiao Yan also had a general understanding of the other two electors. Lin Feng should have the support of the Holy See behind him. In addition, he has the elites of the main battle faction in his hands, and the fighting strength is three people. The strongest among them, Lin Fengya, on the other hand, does not have any advantage, but Xiao Yan also deduced from their information that Lin Fengya may have an affair with the Soul Palace and the crime, coupled with the low-key behavior, This guy is also not to be underestimated.

"Brother Xiao Yan, there will be a future!" Ji Xuan and others also knew the heavy responsibility on their shoulders, so they were not pretentious, clenched their fists, and parted ways directly.

"Lord Xiao Yan, the princess asked me to cooperate with you."

"But now that Prince Lin Feng and Prince Lin Fengya are together, we can choose to go to one place, I don't know..." Lin Hao didn't talk much and looked at Xiao Yan just right.

"Go to the Tianxuan Mountain Range and create some trouble for Lin Fengya." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, but he also had many doubts about this assassination, so let the ordinary five-star fighting immortals and six-star fighting immortals go to surround and kill with seven-star fighting immortals to protect them. The prince, this is an impossible thing, I am afraid that Ming Ze will assassinate, but in fact there are other things.

Lin Fengya had a good reputation, but Xiao Yan noticed from Ji Xuan and others' previous intelligence conversations that it seemed that Lin Fengya was the most troublesome of the three.

Moreover, Xiao Yan felt that Gamma was rescued on the way because of Lin Fengya's actions.

Now of the remaining two Devil Fruits, one is completely ripe, and the other is half-ripe. Both are in Gamma's hands, and Xiao Yan has to get it no matter what.

The power of the devil is evil, but the enormous power it contains is even more terrifying than the holy flame.

There is also one of the most bizarre places. Xiao Yan's intuition tells himself that the power of demons seems to originate from the underworld.

In addition to Xiao Yan, I learned that there are dark powers in the Ten Halls of Yama, so Xiao Yan boldly guessed that the underworld and the Xiao clan have a lot of relationship, and the devil fruit should be the key to entering the underworld, only the successful acquisition of the devil fruit , I am afraid that all the secrets of the Xiao clan will be revealed in the future when they go to the 100-year appointment.

"Let's go." Hearing Xiao Yan blurted out, Lin Hao smiled indifferently, and then the two of them joined together, turning into two ordinary people who were no more than ordinary people, and left facing the Tianxuan Mountains.

The speed of the two was extremely fast. Even though the Tianxuan Mountains were heavily guarded at this time, under Lin Hao's precise arrangement, the two of them reached the top of the Tianxuan Mountains directly in a short period of time.

"The Immortal Rank Pill... Come and have a look."

"The weapon of the divine weapon, the amulet to deal with the enemy of monsters, don't miss it when you pass by..." The two easily bypassed the many defenses of the Tianxuan Mountains, and immediately successfully mixed into the Tianxuan City. At this time, the city was at noon. The scorching sun is like fire, and there is an endless stream of people in the past, and the shouts continue to sound.

"Is Lin Fengya a lame..." Xiao Yan and Lin Hao were easily mixed in the crowd, Xiao Yan asked using his soul power.

"Well, but no one knows the reason. Since the emperor fell ill, this is what Lin Fengya said. It's just that all the civil and military officials in the royal family have seen it. It is said that it can't be faked." Lin Hao didn't know why Xiao Yan asked this. .

"This is already the core area of ​​the Tianxuan Mountains. Lin Fengya's mansion is in the center of the city, which is a bit..." Xiao Yan ignored Lin Hao and looked up to himself, a huge and magnificent mansion standing in the city The center, but Xiao Yan always felt that something was wrong.

This mansion is also full of danger, but what is even more strange is that there is a morbid condition that is difficult to detect, as if it is sick and lacks vitality.

In this situation, the last time Xiao Yan saw him, he was still in the devil's lair, so he hesitated for a while.

"It doesn't matter, first sneak in and take a look. If the situation is not right, make plans." Lin Hao responded to Xiao Yan.

"Wait, I'll go, you are responsible for answering me outside." Xiao Yan's eyes kept hovering over Lin Hao and the mansion, and he said after half a night.

"But your strength..." At this time, Lin Hao was in a bit of trouble. Xiao Yan had a distinguished status, but was highly praised by the princess and others, and he was also the Lord of the Endless Fire Realm. If anything went wrong in his mission , I'm afraid Lin Hao himself...

"Don't worry." Xiao Yan gestured to Lin Hao, and immediately he was alone and drowned in the sea of ​​people.

"I hope this guy can succeed. Even if he can't assassinate Lin Fengya, it is enough to find some useful clues." After Lin Hao finished speaking, he also went to an inn in the city to prepare a formation. , to prepare for the unexpected.

"You shouldn't be able to summon the dark underworld here, so you can only come by yourself."

"I am now in the late stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal. As long as I don't encounter a six-star Fighting Immortal perfection level powerhouse, I can retreat completely. If it is a Seven-Star Fighting Immortal, I am afraid that the chances of escaping are only three layers." Xiao Yan murmured in his heart, after all, there are powerhouses here. The wood properties he cultivated are too strange to be inferred from common senseTianxuan City is still continuing its prosperity, and during the day, Xiao Yan did not act rashly, going back and forth around the palace mansion. After circling dozens of circles to find out the basic situation around the palace, he simply found an inn to live in.

At night, Xiao Yan just put on a black robe, and his whole body was covered by a ghostly aura unique to the ghost face and soul flame. He left the house alone, climbed to the roof, and quietly sneaked into the palace.

The night in Tianxuan City was quite quiet, the bright moon hung in the sky, and a trace of pure white moonlight shone down, rendering the entire city quite mysterious, but the palace mansion was filled with awe.

"The aura here is not quite right... Even if Lin Fengya is really lame, he should have the special power of the wood attribute. I can feel it, why can't feel any aura when he exerts all his soul power now." Xiao Yan Lying quietly on a wall, with the help of the black awn and the shadow of the tree, outsiders could not find him.

After staring at the palace for a while, Xiao Yan found that the palace was filled with black shadows, and the shadows were like poisonous snakes hidden in the dark night. Going deep into it, it is easy to reveal your identity.

"I want to see what exactly is in this palace mansion." The power of the soul spreads like a tidal wave. After confirming that there is no Seven Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse in the palace mansion, Xiao Yan moves slowly into the palace like a ghost. , towards the depths of the palace.