Chapter Vol 4 901: Enter the 6th floor!

Fen Tian and his party left the fifth floor of the underground palace and headed for the sixth floor, but they did not know that their whereabouts had already been calculated by King Xuanling.

However, King Xuanling had other plans in mind.

If he could kill his father with the help of the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion, the entire Xuanling royal family would be dominated by him, otherwise his father would not die in a day, then the Xuanling King would be hindered everywhere from doing something.

Leaving the fifth floor of the underground palace, with Lingmengsheng's lover Xuan Muqing, Lingmengsheng was in a very happy mood along the way. He made Xuan Muqing laugh from time to time, and everyone could see that Xuan Muqing was important to him.

"The sixth floor of the underground palace is also strange..." The crowd slowly came to the entrance of the sixth floor of the underground palace through the stairs leading to the sixth floor.

This entrance is different from other entrances.

Most of the other entrances are doors of light. Behind the doors of light are other special spaces. The entrance to the sixth floor of the underground palace is an ordinary wooden door.

The wooden door is extremely ordinary, as if it has no power at all.

"This……"

"There won't be an ambush, right?" Seeing this, Mu Xuzi couldn't help but said.

As we all know, the mystery in the underground palace is widely rumored, and it is said that the deeper the underground palace, the richer the treasure, so now that we have reached the sixth floor, it is inevitable to be a little worried...

"It should be fine." Xuan Muqing said slightly.

On the sixth floor of this underground palace, I had occasionally heard Xuanyin and the other two brothers say that it seemed that there was something very important to Xuanling King kept there.

"Be careful, if the information is accurate, Yan Chi should be on the seventh floor, so neither Zhu Jin nor I can take action on the sixth floor, otherwise our strength will attract other immortal warriors. The plan will have an impact, and things will be troublesome at that time..." Fen Tian heard the words, first sensed it, and then said directly.

"Yep."

"Leave this sixth floor to us." After hearing this, Lingmengsheng nodded secretly.

The knot in his heart opened, both his xinxing and strength were greatly improved, and even Reimu Sheng had a hunch that Banxian was not far away from him.

The seven of them, excluding Fen Tian and Zhu Jin, the strength of the other five, except for Mu Xuzi, is still in the eight-star Dou Emperor Consummation. And Lingmengsheng is even more powerful at the peak of Dou Di, so naturally everyone is not afraid of the sixth floor of this underground palace.

With such a huge lineup, it would be ridiculous if even a small underground palace could not pass the sixth floor.

"Come in." After a while, Lingmengsheng said something and then everyone slowly moved forward.

"Squeak." With a sound, Ling Mengsheng took the lead, Fen Tian and Zhu Jin hid their breath at the end, and then everyone opened the wooden door and stepped in gently.

"Shabu Shabu!" The wooden door was gently pushed open, and it was an indescribable terrifying suction that directly sucked everyone into it.

Everyone saw that, whether they were busy or not, they looked at each other, and then went away by the mysterious attraction, because they also knew that in the underground palace, each floor was an independent space, and this entrance was only a source of extradition.

At this time, in the sixth floor of the underground palace, there is a different appearance.

"Hehe, I don't know who's here." At this moment, above a tree in the sky, a sleepy old man slowly opened his pupils and said.

The old man was dressed in a dark blue roe deer, the eyebrows between his brows were actually white, and even his hair was white.

However, when the old man opened his pupils, a dark green slowly appeared in the pupil, and with the appearance of this strange dark green, the surrounding vegetation and leaves also became loose, and there was a very cheerful vibration. .

The old man was located on the top of the canopy of the big tree in the sky. Three feet away from the old man, a lush green tree that was no more than ten feet tall slowly appeared.

It looks like a small tree, but it is not, because above the canopy, even above the leaves, a mysterious green power that is refreshing and pleasant slowly lingers.

If Xiao Yan were here, he would have discovered that this sapling-like thing was the mother of the legendary fairy bodhi tree!

It is said to have the power to heal the soul and restore the peak power!

"What a dense forest..." Lingmengsheng and his party had just stepped into the sixth floor of the underground palace, and they immediately saw a huge forest.

In the forest, there are all kinds of trees, and there seem to be many monsters, which adds a lot of mystery to this forest.

"What is that..." Qing Lao looked up, but his voice was full of disbelief.

Just looking up, I suddenly saw a towering tree in the sky standing in front of me!

If it is said that this is a forest, I am afraid that the countless trees here are all paving the way for that towering tree!

"The Tongtian Tree?" Xuan Mu couldn't help muttering when he saw this.

Xuanmuqing's current strength is also at the level of an eight-star Dou Di, but what he knows about the underground palace is only the first three floors. As for the secrets behind the underground palace, King Xuanling didn't tell her.

"There is a strong aura in there." Fen Tian said in a deep voice.

"Not a weak breath?" When the old man heard the words, his eyes narrowed slightly.

Fen Tian's current strength is at the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian. If he can say that, I am afraid that the powerhouses in there are at the lowest level of half immortal or even Dou Xian level!

"Pavilion Master, you and Zhu Jin should avoid first, otherwise the seventh floor of the underground palace will depend on you." Ling Mengsheng suddenly turned his head and said.

"That's what I mean." Fen Tian said, and immediately disappeared in front of the crowd with Zhu Jin Everyone knew that this was clearly Zhu Jin's use of a formation to temporarily mix the two's breath with the others. The figure was hidden, but Fen Tian and Zhu Jin were still by their side.

"I, Qing Lao, the two old people in the world and the four of them deal with that guy."

"As for Brother Mu, Ling Ai will leave it to you." After Ling Mengsheng finished his instructions, he turned his head and smiled at Xuan Mu. On top of that smile, there was no commander's prestige.

"You have always been a knot in his heart, and now his knot is over, and his strength and character are back."

"This guy is the strongest person except our pavilion master." Mu Xuzi slowly came to Xuan Muqing's side and smiled.

"Trouble." Xuan Muqing heard the words and smiled slowly at Mu Xuzi.

Mu Xuzi's strength is only the eight-star Dou Emperor Consummation, but Xuan Muqing has a feeling that it seems that the two brothers who protected him before joining forces with Xuanyin reasons may not be able to beat Mu Xuzi, and such a strong man is actually The weakest of the bunch...

"Set off."

"I haven't had blood boil for many years." After Ling Mengsheng finished everything, he slowly led the other three towards the big tree in the sky. As for Mu Xuxuanmuqing and Fen Tian's group, they followed in secret. .

Twenty today.

I just watched it, but I couldn't post it in a row, so at 12 o'clock the first chapter, and then a chapter every 3 minutes, at 1 o'clock, all the 20 updates will be sent.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм