Chapter Vol 4 1479: Dan Palace!

"Well, you kid, how dare you play with me?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the fascinated old ghost couldn't help but stare at Xiao Yan slowly, his eyes suddenly became serious.

"Senior, how dare this junior play tricks on you."

"It's no child's play to get rid of the evil races outside the territory. Although I have the holy flame, Qi Fei also has the power of the reincarnation of the Thunder Lord, but the power of the two of us is extremely weak."

"And the extraterritorial evil clan that binds Lord Tianwangzang is Tiandusha, and Tiandusha is the most tyrannical warrior in the hands of the Poisonous Demon Empress. Its strength is probably on the level of five-star fighting immortals, even if it has Tianwangzang. The repression of the adults is no trivial matter, so this is a rather tricky guy."

"The strength of the two of us is only in the early stage of the three-star fighting immortal. If we rashly face the five-star fighting immortal, I am afraid that even if we use the power of Shengyan and Samsara, it will not help." Xiao Yan hurriedly hid his smile, slowly defended, and looked serious. .

"Giggle!" Duan Qifei couldn't help laughing when she heard this, obviously amused by Xiao Yan's realistic expression.

"That's it, that's it!"

"It's not bad luck or luck to meet you."

"And my existence is to protect the adults. If the bones of the adults are safe and sound, I will fulfill the responsibility of the courtier. It is okay to give the treasure in the ruins to the two of you."

"After all, now, I am afraid that only the two of you can help adults." The fascinated old ghost thought for a while, then shook his head.

"Senior can't enter the tomb of the ruins?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise, and heard the meaning of the old ghost. My peers, I have some confidence in dealing with the Sky Poison Brake.

"There is an extremely tyrannical force of imprisonment in the mausoleum. The spirits of my district can only be limited to the fascination heaven, and cannot enter the mausoleum. Only humans can." The fascinated old ghost shook his head.

"So there are such secrets..." Xiao Yan and the two muttered.

"As for the reward, what do you two need?"

"Let's talk about it with me." The fascinated old ghost also made up his mind. After all, as long as he can help adults get out of trouble, it is reasonable to lose some treasures. After all, Tianwangzang has the grace of rebuilding himself.

"..." When this guy said this, Xiao Yan and Du Qifei were dumbfounded at that time, obviously they didn't think about what they wanted for a while.

After all, Xiao Yan now has everything in his body in order to prepare the materials to devour the undead fire. He only owes Dongfeng. Except for the refining of the elixir, everything else is fully prepared. After all, it's an elixir up to the fifth rank of the immortal rank. This fascinated old ghost is obviously not good. On the other hand, Du Qifei is also short of everything, so the question of the fascinated old ghost can make the two of them stumped.

"Magic weapon?" The fascinated old ghost looked at Xiao Yan and the two, thinking they were embarrassed to speak, and immediately asked.

"No." Both of them shook their heads and said, obviously they had the weapon in their hands, and it was made by Du Tianhong, and its value would probably only be higher than the one hidden by the Heavenly King.

Seeing that the two were not interested in the magic weapon, the fascinated old ghost was also slightly surprised. After all, the stronger the strength, the less room for improvement, and the improvement of the magic weapon is undoubtedly huge.

"An elixir?" After a while, the fascinated old ghost asked with narrowed eyes.

"I don't know..." Hearing this, Xiao Yan asked with some enthusiasm in his heart. Obviously, the word Pill Palace has an inexplicable and tyrannical attraction.

"Although my lord is not a pharmacist, he naturally likes to collect magical medicines, so when he fell, his treasures were also left in this ruins."

"Among the ruins, there is a place called Pill Hall."

"In the Pill Hall, a dazzling array of magical medicines are emerging one after another." Seeing that Xiao Yan and the two had a strong interest, the fascinated old ghost also pretended to be mysterious.

"Pill Hall...I don't know what the mystery is in that pill hall?" Xiao Yan nodded, obviously aware of the mystery in the mouth of some fascinated old ghost, and immediately laughed.

"I think your soul strength is not weak. If I expected it to be good, you are probably still an alchemist. Is what I said right?" Facing Xiao Yan's question, the fascinated old ghost did not answer directly, but changed the subject. road.

"What is this guy doing?" Seeing Xiao Yan and the fascinated old ghost like businessmen, Du Qifei couldn't help shaking his head.

"Senior has good eyesight." Xiao Yan was relieved. Naturally, there was no need to hide this kind of thing, because Xiao Yan used too much soul power from the beginning, and it was reasonable to be noticed by the fascinated old ghost.

"If you are a pharmacist, then something in the Pill Hall might be a chance for you." After a short while, the fascinated old ghost said with a solemn expression.

"In the Pill Hall, there is an immortal-rank fifth-grade medicinal pill young pill." Suddenly, before Xiao Yan could open his mouth to ask, the voice of the fascinated old ghost suddenly emerged.

"what?"

"Immortal rank fifth-grade medicine pill young pill?" The voice of the fascinated old ghost just fell Suddenly Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and he lost his voice.

The medicinal materials that Xiao Yan needed to devour the Undying Fire had been prepared, but his medicinal pill was even higher than the fifth rank of the immortal rank. Today's Xiao Yan was only the fourth rank of the immortal rank, so he was entangled by the refining medicinal pill.

However, if he obtained a young pill of a fifth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pill, then the problems that plagued Xiao Yan would be self-defeating.

Because the biggest effect of the rudimentary medicine pill is that it may allow Xiao Yan to inject the material of the immortal fire into it through special means, so as to refine the real immortal rank fifth-grade pill, and make a perfect plan for the swallowing of the immortal fire in the future!

"How about it, little guy, are you interested in this pill?" After a while, looking at Xiao Yan's fiery gaze, the fascinated old ghost smiled.

"I hope senior will let you know!" Xiao Yan clenched his fists and laughed.

"This pill has already reached the fifth rank of the Immortal Rank. Although it is only a prototype, it has a lot of wisdom. If you encounter it, you need to be careful. After all, it was obtained by Lord Tianwangzang by chance, even if it is Lord Tianwangzang, There is no way to take it, so it is preserved along with the mausoleum."

"But I have a hunch that it will be yours."

"As for the location of the alchemy hall, it is quite mysterious, and let me pass it on to you." The fascinated old ghost said with a wriggling corner of his mouth. After speaking, a dazzling light group poured into Xiao Yan's mind.

"Junior thanks senior!"

"Qi Fei, let's go!" Xiao Yan thanked the fascinated old ghost, then called Qi Fei, ready to burst out towards the Dan Palace.

"Go."

"But don't forget to get rid of the evil and let the adults rest in peace." The fascinated old ghost can't leave the surroundings of the fascinated temple, so he can only say aloud.

"Junior, remember." With that, Xiao Yan took Qi Fei and the two towards the Pill Hall in the ruins.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: