Chapter Vol 4 1212: 10th floor prisoner

"When the things are put away, let's go." Yu Yifeng watched Xiao Yan put away the scroll and spoke slowly.

"I don't know what kind of wicked people are imprisoned in the tenth floor." As a light attribute, Liu Qing has an inexplicable disgust towards the passage. I am afraid that the aura of the wicked in the tenth floor makes her feel uncomfortable.

Moreover, she naturally wouldn't compete with Xiao Yan for scrolls. Her identity and background were quite strong. As long as she stretched out her hand, she would be caught.

"Let's go, I can't get around it anyway, just to let you see it." Yu Yifeng was not surprised when he heard the words.

Jade Legacy had indeed concealed it from Xiao Yan before, and after defeating the guardian and revealing the spoils, the passage would lead directly to the prison of the wicked at the current level.

And if you want to enter the next floor, you must enter from the place where the wicked are imprisoned on the upper floor.

"Huhu." Everyone sorted out, and then with the help of the light in the passage, Zaidu moved towards the depths, but the gloomy and strange winds were blowing from the depths, which made everyone's hearts. raw cold.

"There's another stone gate here?" After a while, everyone advanced for a while, and they came to a stone gate.

"Above this stone gate, there is such a tyrannical seal energy." Xiao Yan stood in the center of the team, looked at the stone gate with vigilance, and said.

"Strange, after we entered the tenth floor, we didn't encounter such a stone gate..." The land monkey on the side couldn't help but said.

After they defeated the guardians of the tenth floor, the wicked imprisoned in the tenth floor was only a man whose strength reached the peak of Dou Di.

This man's personality and strength are quite good, and when he was young, he was once the favored son of a certain sect, but he was helpless to be provoked by the traitors, and the disciples of the same sect and his own brothers and sisters were all slaughtered. He stayed, so he alerted the top of the ghost world, so he was arrested by Da Neng and detained in Ice and Fire Island.

"The seal on this stone gate is extremely strong and cannot be forcibly removed. Otherwise, the power of the seal on it is enough to seal the power of all of us. Let me take a look." Xiao Yan looked serious as he watched several people gearing up for action. said.

"Okay." Shuiyue and the others actually had no idea for a while, but Xiao Yan opened his mouth and agreed happily, then took a few steps back to make a way for Xiao Yan.

"I'll take a look, too." At the next moment, Liu Qing also walked gently and came to Xiao Yan's side, but Xiao Yan didn't realize that Liu Qing was deliberately approaching him, as if he had a plan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As a result, the figures of Xiao Yan and Liu Qing were outside the stone gate. The figures overlapped, and they seemed to overlap under the light in the passage, like a bunch of immortal couples that were enviable.

"Ouch..." Not long after, Xiao Yan was about to explore Shimen, but there was a burst of heart-wrenching pain from his chest.

"What's wrong?" Seeing this, Liu Qing couldn't help but ask.

Just when he approached Xiao Yan, he wanted to use some things to find out which holy flame was in Xiao Yan's body. It was just approaching, and Xiao Yan screamed.

"Hey, it's fine." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he deliberately kept some distance from Liu Qing, and the pain in his chest slowly disappeared.

And at the chest is the position of Shengyan Heart, that Shengyan Heart was transformed by Mu Yingying, the severe pain that just emerged, seems to be because Liu Qing is too close to him, Shengyan Heart feels abnormal, as if Mu Yingying looked jealous when Liu Qing was too close to Xiao Yan, which made Xiao Yan feel helpless.

"The power of the seal above the stone gate is actually arranged according to a special law." Liu Qing saw that his plan had failed, so he did not deliberately go again, but looked at the looming light above the stone gate, slightly Open your mouth.

"I have a way."

"You all retreat a little bit." Xiao Yan finished speaking, closed his eyes, and then lightly touched the stone gate with his hand.

"Sisi." As soon as he touched the stone gate, he suddenly felt cold, but fortunately, Xiao Yan had holy flame, so it was not a big problem.

"Break it for me!" After a while, Xiao Yan's huge soul power found out the law of the seal energy above the stone gate. It disappeared slowly at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"This guy..." Seeing this, everyone couldn't help but admire Xiao Yan even more.

"Boom!" In just a few breaths, the stone gate was completely opened by Xiao Yan.

"Huhu."

"Let's go." Seeing the Shimen opening, Xiao Yan immediately laughed, and as soon as he finished speaking, everyone entered the Shimen directly and headed for the depths.

"Tick tock." Behind the stone gate, the sound of dripping water was extremely harsh.

"...Yes...Is someone here..." And in the deepest part, there was an expectant voice.

"There is a sound?" The source of the sound just now was naturally discovered by Xiao Yan, and he immediately led the crowd towards the place where the sound originated.

"Is this the villain on the tenth floor..." Everyone came to the depths of the tenth floor with ease, and what they saw immediately surprised them.

What caught their sight was a dark and straight passage. In the center of the passage, a huge stone appeared, followed by a little girl about ten years old.

The little girl was imprisoned on an incomparably huge boulder, and the boulder exuded an invisible power that completely suppressed the power of the little girl!

The little girl's complexion is quite delicate, and her beautiful hair is quite soft with the skirt.

"Will this be too cruel..." But when Liu Qing saw this scene, Liu Qing frowned and said a little distressed.

It's easy to sympathize that a little girl around ten years old would be imprisoned here, without the light of day.

"Big brother, can you let me out..."

"This strange stone has caused me so much pain!" The little girl looked at Xiao Yan, pretending to be pitiful, because she knew that among this group of people, only Xiao Yan could save her.

"This guy's strength has actually reached the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan didn't notice when the little girl said so, but now he noticed that the ten-year-old little girl in front of him had the same strength as himself. Exactly the same?

"Don't be fooled by the appearance of everything."

"Although I don't know what this guy did, the people who can be imprisoned in the Ice and Fire Island are all wicked people who do all kinds of evil." Yu Yifeng said slowly.

"Let's go."

"Don't worry about him." The next moment, Xiao Yan spoke directly, obviously sensing that something was not right with the little girl.

"Dashu, I know where the person you are looking for is..."

"Are you sure you won't save me..." The little girl's hands and feet were all tied to the boulder, and the corner of her mouth slowly smiled at Yu Yifeng, her smile was full of jokes.

And as the little girl said this, the jade legacy who was about to enter the next floor also turned around and looked at the little girl.

Exam today and tomorrow