Chapter 672: confluence

"Cough, cough!" Halfway up the Wuliang Mountain, the battle between Qinxin and Ye Cat has come to an end. At this time, Qin Xin is being chased by Ye Cat like a bereaved dog and fleeing!

Qinxin was extremely depressed. Just when Yantian hand was about to defeat Ye Cat, a 30-foot gap in front of Ye Cat suddenly burst out with more powerful power, causing Ye Cat's power to skyrocket. Qin Xin was defeated directly.

The strong make a move, and the outcome is already decided in just a few moves.

"Little beauty, come out, I know you are here."

"You thin-skinned and tender-skinned person, how much pain I would feel if I hurt you." Night Cat twisted his waist and walked slowly, and then faced the mountain forest road.

"You can't defeat me. In this boundless mountain, we are the kings, undefeated existences."

"Come out and follow me, maybe our master can spare your life because of your beauty." Ye Cat said leisurely.

The night cat is a kind of cat-like dead beast. Because of its strength, it ate a moment of metamorphosis grass by mistake in the early years, and then it has the human body today, cat's eyes and cat ears.

However, it has been a long time since human beings have carried out this Boundless Mountain. Now that the disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion are here, the night cat naturally enjoys the feeling of hunting prey like this.

Slowly, all the patience of the prey will be wiped away. In the end, the prey will give up resistance, and some even have a direct mental breakdown. At that time, it is the most delicious food. Although the owner said that these people cannot be killed, it is still fun. OK!

"Cough cough..." Qin Xin hid under a rougher tree, her body already covered with scars.

Qinxin's strength is naturally strong, and she still has some valuable things given by her master Qinglao, but Qinxin found that in this boundless mountain, her strength seemed to be suppressed, while the strength of this night cat was increased. , just like being in someone else's domain!

That's why Qinxin temporarily retreated. After all, it was extremely unwise to rashly use all her means before the matter was clarified.

Otherwise, with Qinxin's talent, it is difficult to deal with the night cat in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, but Qinxin believes that even if she can't defeat the night cat, she can still be invincible.

"I remember that the master said that there are three major mountain ranges in Luoling Mountain."

"The Five Elements Mountains are dominated by five-element beasts. The five-element beasts have extremely high defenses. You must break through the defenses with the power of the five elements to cause damage to them."

"The Tianmu giant beast in the Tianmu Mountains has a huge body, but it has a lot of compound eyes. It is said that it has the terrifying power of killing souls. You must be careful."

"It's just that the number of dead beasts in the Boundless Mountain is very small, but there is no doubt that the dead beasts in the Boundless Mountain are far superior to the other two mountain ranges in terms of strength and status. It's just strange, even the master doesn't know it. The details of the king in the Boundless Mountain, but this time when I participated in the competition, I told me to be careful of the Boundless Mountain. If I enter the Boundless Mountain, everything is safe. If possible, I will investigate the information of the Boundless Mountain." Qin Xin I quickly calculated in my heart.

"Hee hee, little beauty, I found you." Just as Qin Xin was thinking, the night cat suddenly appeared beside Qin Xin like a ghost.

"Humph!" Qinxin let out a snarl. Just as she was about to get up and flee, she found that she couldn't move at all.

"Susususu!" Looking back, Qinxin found out that she was surrounded by a cloud of black gas at some point under her feet!

"This time, let's see where you're going!" After Ye Cat finished speaking, a burst of greed suddenly appeared in the corner of his mouth.

If such a beautiful woman eats it, I am afraid that her cultivation and appearance will be greatly improved.

"Damn it!" Qin Xin secretly scolded how she could be so careless, and immediately the dazzling power of life in her body slowly emerged, trying to attack the night cat!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Night Cat was about to attack Qin Xin, a giant ruler with a hot flame streaked across the sky like a shooting star, approaching Night Cat's feet!

"Boom boom boom!" The huge flame ruler was directly inserted into the night cat's feet. Fortunately, the night cat was quick to avoid it in an instant, otherwise such a terrifying blow would probably hurt him.

"Who is it!" Seeing this, Ye Cat smelled a dangerous aura from above the giant black ruler in front of him, and immediately became vigilant!

Because of the terrifying strength above the giant ruler, Ye Cat immediately found out that this person was not good and his strength was not weak!

"Xiao Yan in the Hall of Humanity." The young man said dashingly, and then his figure jumped and came to Ye Cat in an instant.

"Damn boy, destroy my good deeds, you can't find death!" Night Cat was in a hurry, and the little beauty who had just disappeared like this, instantly became angry.

"Thank you, but I don't need it." Qin Xin said without any appreciation.

Without Xiao Yan's help, she can also deal with the night cat. Although the means and time used may be a little long, Qinxin has this confidence.

"Forget it, you still have some grudge, I have a hunch that there will be more terrifying enemies behind you." Xiao Yan laughed.

In fact, Xiao Yan is also surprised, because when he just came to the halfway of Wuliang Mountain, he saw the scene of Ye Mao about to kill Qinxin. Originally, with Xiao Yan's character, he came from the same family, so naturally he would not see death without help. , but even more strange.

When Xiao Yan saw Qin Xin, the Holy Flame Soul Seed in his body actually jumped!

This shocked Xiao Yan!

This Saint Flame Soul Seed in Xiao Yan's body was obtained when he subdued Long Yi Chiling in the Yin Corpse Forest, and there was a change in Qin Xin's body!

All these things are enough to show that even if there is no holy flame on Qinxin's body, she still knows the trace of holy flame, otherwise the holy flame soul species that has been quiet on Xiao Yan's body would not have such strong fluctuations.

"Susu."

"Two again."

"Boundless Mountain is really lively these days." Night Cat said with a slow smile.

Although Xiao Yan's strength is also in the late stage of Six Star Dou Di, Night Cat can feel that this Xiao Yan is more dangerous than Qin Xin before!

As for Mu Yingying, the strength of the mere six-star Dou Di in the early stage was naturally ignored by Ye Cat.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Why does this name sound a little familiar..." Qin Xin just came back to her senses, and then she wondered.

"You are that Xiao Yan in the Human Palace?"

"Xiao Yan who killed the twin ghost emperors?" Qinxin suddenly said in surprise at the next moment.

"Why do you keep saying this." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, because no matter who he was, he always said that when he saw him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Haha, the person who killed the twin ghost emperors is a bit unbelievable. No matter what the coincidence is, since you killed it, it is enough to show your strength."

"I hope that one day I can also kill people in the ghost world and avenge our brothers who died under the hands of the ghost world at Fenxiangge!"

"But before that, I want to have a serious fight with you." Qin Xin said solemnly, as if she suddenly remembered something.

"Okay, let's settle the matter in front of you first." Xiao Yan said directly, then stared at the night cat in front of him!

Although the strength of this night cat is terrifying, Xiao Yan is not afraid of it, and there is even some heat in his body!

Only fighting against the strong is the fastest way to improve yourself!

Ask for tickets!