Chapter Vol 4 1865: Immortal Emperor!

In the dimly lit hall, a thin man was sitting slightly upright. On his body, strips of pale yellow flames walked back and forth, like blood wandering back and forth in his body, slowly flowing over his body, as if he was checking what.

And that kind of fluctuations set off Xiao Yan's whole person like a stone statue from ancient times to the present. There is no movement. If there is not one after another breathing on the body, I am afraid it will really give people an illusion.

It was just with the appearance of this kind of action, the power in Xiao Yan's body was slowly approaching saturation. The power in the middle stage of Six Star Dou Xian and Fen Jue revolved together. That kind of terrifying fluctuation was suffocating, but surrounded Xiao Yan's body. The source of immortal flame above, became friendly with Xiao Yan, and the purpose of this was naturally to prepare for swallowing the holy flame.

After all, even now that Xiao Yan has everything ready, he does not dare to act rashly. This is holy flame. If there is a mistake, that kind of result is not something Xiao Yan can bear.

"Immortal flame..." At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly opened, and a pale yellow crystal block and a wisp of pale yellow flame quietly floated out from the palm of his hand.

The combination of the two, the kind of breath that exudes, eternal and invincible, that is the power of immortal flames.

"In a few days, Immortal Flame's resistance to me has also been reduced to the lowest level, and now is the best time to devour."

"After swallowing the Immortal Flame, first see if you can use the power of the Immortal Flame to break through the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, and then try to touch the Immortal Realm." Xiao Yan looked at the two on the palm of his hand with satisfaction, and smiled.

For a few days, Immortal Flame surrounded his body, firstly to neutralize his own strength, and secondly for some concerns. Although he had not swallowed it for a long time, Xiao Yan also understood that it was because of the inside of his body. It was caused by the power of the devil, so he did not act rashly, but carefully adjusted his breath and let Immortal Yan investigate, because Xiao Yan had the confidence to hide the power of the devil perfectly, so it was only a matter of time.

"Let's do it!" After taking a breath, the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth rose, and his body was spinning at a high speed, and a terrifying suction force permeated out from the depths of his body.

Time does not wait for me, and there are still many things that Xiao Yan needs to do personally, so when the strength in the body reaches saturation, there is no hesitation.

To swallow the holy flame, it is still necessary to swallow the light yellow flame into the body and refine it, so that it can be considered a success, and then use the burning judgment to improve the skill and level.

"Boom!" The pale yellow flame just emerged, and it suddenly turned into a pool of pale yellow lava, bursting with extremely hot high temperature and immortal power, slowly flowing down from Xiao Yan's nose!

"Ahhh!"

Even Xiao Yan was so scorched by the Immortal Flame, the skin on his body became red for a while, like blood-red crystal stones, the degree of redness was palpitating, obviously without the help of medicinal herbs, he hurriedly devoured the Holy Spirit. Yan, the torture he suffered was so terrifying, but it was still within Xiao Yan's tolerable range.

"Sisi!" Now Xiao Yan can only forcefully grit his teeth, sweat flowing uncontrollably from his forehead, a breath of oppression permeates out, controlling the soul power and fighting spirit in the body to melt the pale yellow melt The vindictive aura that was compressing from the inside of the body was Xiao Yan, but also his complexion changed drastically, but Xiao Yan also understood that there was no such thing as food in this world, his heart was extremely heavy, and he kept resisting. The erosion of the immortal melt, and what makes Xiao Yan the most happy, with the erosion of the immortal flame, the aura in his body seems to have become illusory due to the power of the immortal flame, and it seems that his flesh and blood has absorbed a trace of the power of immortality. For Xiao Yan, it is naturally excellent.

It is strange to say that the Immortal Emperor is only the peak of the Dou Emperor, but he can use the Immortal Flame and Immortal Golden Body to deal with two emperor-level foreign evil races at the same time. That kind of existence can be a truly respectable powerhouse in the world. .

Now, when Xiao Yan was devouring Immortal Flame, he just realized that the power of Immortal Flame may not be as tyrannical as Immortal Flame, but that immortal power is exactly what he needs. , Xiao Yan's power will skyrocket!

Immortal flame, the fire is light yellow, and the shape of the holy flame stands in a bar shape all day long. It is said that the previous owner was the immortal emperor, and the immortal emperor became famous. The immortal golden body is one of the best terrifying fighting skills in the world. , As for the specific prestige, I am afraid it is unknown, but being able to deal with the two Dou Xian-level foreign evil races with the peak strength of Dou Di, as long as they are not fools, they all know how terrible it is.

Just when Xiao Yan was standing in the hall, the golden paper suddenly shook violently and slowly, and an old phantom, like a loving old man, descended into the hall.

"This guy's aura... It's a bit familiar." The old man's shadow just appeared, his pale yellow eyes swept lightly, and he first circled the hall, where the evil aura had been clearly cleaned up, and Zaidu glanced at him. Xiao Yan, who was struggling to swallow the immortal flame, had a look of relief in his eyes.

"Ah... tear it up!" At this time, Xiao Yan naturally couldn't care about the emptiness of the old man. He focused on the situation in his body with all his heart, and a terrifying scream echoed in the hall.

"Oh... the body of a fighting emperor?"

"This little guy is probably the guy in the so-called Burning Incense Pavilion who has obtained my body as a Dou Emperor." After a while, looking at the illusory giant figure around Xiao Yan, the old man muttered slowly~www.mtlnovel. com~ After speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan carefully, and his body turned into an extremely bright golden ripple. The smell seemed to be somewhat similar to the legendary immortal golden body.

"Bang bang bang!" A heart-wrenching roar filled Xiao Yan's mind, his pupils burst red, and blue veins burst out on his arms, but the immortal flame melt in his body that was extremely stubborn from the very beginning, at this time Actually, under Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power, it was slowly compressed and injected into the sea of ​​fighting qi.

"Get in here!" Seeing victory in sight, Xiao Yan roared, and the majestic power in his body immediately suppressed Immortal Yan.

"Holy Flame Crystal!" For a time, the countless immortal flames in Xiao Yan's body were driven into the Saint Flame Crystal of Dou Qi Sea by Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan was relieved and his head fell directly.

"It's a success..."

"Wait, who is this guy?"

"Immortal Emperor?" And the angle where Xiao Yan's head fell, just had a panoramic view of the old man's figure, and for a while, a touch of shock and joy emerged in Xiao Yan's heart!

With the Immortal Emperor, will the Immortal Golden Body be far behind?