Chapter Vol 4 1015: weird space

"Boom!" With the opening of the space vortex, many powerhouses in this sky became restless, and then the powerhouses whose strength surpassed the Seven Star Dou Emperor directly turned into meteors and poured into the space whirlpool. , They know that there is a real holy flame in this land of holy flames. If they can get a holy flame, I am afraid it is enough to make them fly to the branches and set foot on the top.

All of them are the leaders in their respective sects. They know that the land of holy flames cannot be won only by relying on the number of people. Therefore, if the disciples who are not strong enough to enter the Seven Star Dou Emperor enter it, it will only increase their troubles.

"Crash!" With the appearance of a ray of light, a group of people slowly revealed their faces. Looking at it from a close distance, they were the seven people from the Fenxiang Pavilion Heavenly Palace, together with Mu Yingying, Yanchi Xiaoyi and Xiao Yan.

"What a hot wave..." I'm afraid I just came here, and the space is filled with a thick flame.

"This should be the pressure formed by the long-term release of holy flame." Xiao Yi said.

As soon as the two of them finished speaking, they immediately looked at the people behind them. Because they were cultivating fire attributes, they didn't have any impact.

"Is this the land of holy flames..." Seeing that there was no change in the crowd, Xiao Yan suddenly stopped and looked at the world carefully, and when he looked at the land in front of him, he couldn't help frowning.

And with Xiao Yan's voice, scenes of extremely shocking tongue-smacking scenes also appeared in front of everyone.

The land in front of him was heavy and gray, and there seemed to be no aura. It was extremely barren, as if it had been drained by some mysterious force. The potholes appeared, and there were many bones and some broken weapons everywhere.

This scene haunted everyone's heart for a long time.

"What exactly has this land of holy flames gone through? Why is there not a trace of power in this land or even the space of holy flames..."

"That feeling, it seems that the power in this space and even the land has been pulled away by something..." Xiao Yi took the lead in breaking the calm and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's a long story."

"But I did feel the fluctuations of the holy flame in the depths of this space." Yan Chi shook his head and said, but Xiao Yan vaguely guessed from the eyes that suddenly became several times older, this guy I'm afraid to know something.

"To be precise, this is not the land of holy flames, but the battlefield of holy flames." After a while, Yanchi closed his eyes slightly and said.

"Holy Flame Battlefield?" Xiao Yan suddenly became thoughtful when he heard the words, and then looked at the tattered weapons and bones on the barren land, and seemed to understand something.

"The appearance of the holy flame has made the powerhouses with fire-attribute power in the great thousand worlds covet, not only the human world, but even the powerhouses in other worlds are also eager for holy flames."

"They know that getting a holy flame is enough to establish their true overlord status."

"Although I don't know which holy flame is here, but according to the news I got when I entered by luck, the holy flame battlefield here is a battle between the two powerhouses from the human world Xuantian and the ghost world's blood river continent. It was caused by the holy flame." Yan Chi muttered, and after that, he glanced thoughtfully at his sister Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan who already possessed the holy flame.

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words, obviously all this was expected.

"Although our holy flame is born from the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, if it falls into the hands of people with righteous hearts, it can be said that if it falls into the hands of people with wicked hearts, I am afraid it will be a disaster for the world."

"And the existence of the Holy Flame Spirit is, to another extent, the last guardian of the Holy Flame." The next moment, a shocked voice slowly appeared in Yan Chi's mouth.

"No way?"

"Back then, the Holy Flame Spirit of mine tried to take away my body and even my soul..." Xiao Yan suddenly frowned.

"Didn't you find it?"

"The power of the holy flame is almost stored in the holy flame crystal. Your current strength is not as strong as the Nine Star Dou Emperor, so naturally you cannot be familiar with using the holy flame crystal to exert all the power of the holy flame. As for the holy flame spirit, Although it has a lot of holy flame power, it is still insignificant compared to the real holy flame." Yan Chi said.

"Having said so much, shouldn't it be..." And Xiao Yi Junmei's expression condensed slightly. Obviously, this guy said the Spirit of Holy Flame as soon as he came in. I am afraid that the battlefield here is related to the Spirit of Holy Flame.

"So it is." Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words, because the Holy Flame Spirit is powerful, and it can be erased after all, but the Holy Flame Crystal, which has the source of Holy Flame, cannot.

"Old Yan, after talking so much, shouldn't this battlefield have something to do with the Holy Flame Spirit..." Mu Tianyuan, who was beside him, naturally noticed something, and immediately said.

"Smart."

"According to my perception, I am afraid that something unclean has been mixed into this battlefield, and the Holy Flame Spirit is struggling to support it. This inexplicable disappearing power should also be related to the Holy Flame Spirit." Yan After Chi finished speaking, he slowly lifted up and looked at the deepest part of the battlefield. There seemed to be something in there that was about to move.

"Unclean things..."

"I'm afraid it's an evil race from outside the realm." And Xiao Yan, with his huge soul power, also sensed a trace of evil aura But the flame aura here was too tyrannical and blocked the evil aura.

"If I expected it to be good, it should be the alien race."

"But you have to be mentally prepared."

"I am afraid that the strength of the evil race from outside the territory that can make the Holy Flame Spirit feel difficult." Yan Chi said in a deep voice.

"Don't worry, from the moment I obtained the Holy Flame, I knew that eradicating the extraterritorial evil race was an inescapable mission for me." Xiao laughed.

"Since the explanation is over, let's go."

"I will be responsible for guiding you along the way, but don't think about me doing it. In a place like this, the appearance of two holy flames will only cause more powerful rejection." Yan Chi said.

"En." Everyone heard the words and nodded slightly. Although Yan Chi's current strength has not returned to the peak, the dark disease in his body has been healed, so according to Xiao Yan's guess, his strength is probably comparable to that of One Star Fighting Immortal.

"Old Yan, where shall we go now?" Mu Tianyuan asked slowly beside him.

"There are no treasures in this holy flame battlefield. Let's go directly to the holy flame land."

"Where is not only the holy flame, but also the place where Yin Tong has an accident." After Yan Chi finished speaking, the corners of his mouth moved slightly, and the power of holy flame within his body kept calling out, it seemed that something was calling at the end of the battlefield. Own.

"Let's go!" As soon as the voice fell, the Fenxiang Pavilion and his group, led by Yan Chi, flew directly towards the depths of the battlefield.

: . :