Chapter Vol 4 1175: The mysterious powerhouse Soul Hao!

"Hehe, I really can't imagine that the dignified Twelve Souls will also be beaten like this by a little Yinhuntian powerhouse." The whole sky just darkened, and a gloomy smile suddenly emerged!

"Hunhao, stop talking nonsense!"

"If it wasn't for the undead leaves on me, how could I be caught by these guys..." The black-robed man didn't seem to give up and explained.

"You take the undead leaves first, and I'll stop you here." The gloomy voice came out.

The gloomy voice fell, and a pitch-black aura instantly entangled the black-robed man, so he quickly escaped from here.

"He Fang Xiaoxiao, get out of here!" Yu Gan saw the immortal leaf that was about to be handed flying directly, and couldn't help roaring, his breath was even more violent, and he was ready to catch up in a blink of an eye.

"Your opponent is me." The gloomy voice rang out, and then Yugan was easily intercepted.

"Bastard!" Seeing that his actions were blocked by this strange black air, Yu Gan couldn't help but stopped and cursed.

This black aura is full of eerie and eerie auras, even more terrifying than ghost qi. It's no wonder that Yugan would give up the undead leaves, because the guy in front of him is even more terrifying!

"Although you have a fighting spirit, I see how you look now. Forcibly devouring the fighting spirit like this is not a waste of life, and the power of the fighting spirit that you can exert is less than nine out of ten."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How do you fight me?" As soon as he finished speaking, the gloomy laughter suddenly appeared.

What was reflected in Yugan's blood-colored pupils was a figure who was also wrapped in a black robe, but the aura on this guy was undoubtedly much stronger than that of the original black-robed man.

"Samsung Fighting Immortal?" Although Yu Gan said that his blood-colored pupils had suffered the backlash from his fighting spirit, he was still awake, and naturally he was aware of his strength.

"bingo."

"But the reward is to send you to hell!" Hunhao's voice just fell, and immediately under the black robe, three pitch-black chains with thick arms appeared directly, and then with a fierce breath, he launched an attack!

On the dark chains, there are mysterious runes that are exactly the same as those of the black-robed man who has escaped!

"It's chains again?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning when he saw this. Obviously, these chains were no strangers to him, and they were the usual tricks of the Soul Clan.

When the Soul Clan was far away in the Dou Qi Continent, its predecessor was the Soul Body, so they used the power of chains to hunt the Soul Body, in order to step into the Emperor Realm Soul and break through the Dou Emperor, but I didn’t know the Soul Clan in this great world. what a look.

"Hunhao?"

"The Twelve Souls?"

"Are these guys from the ghost kingdom?" After a brief thought, the Master of Soul Eater also spoke slowly, his voice full of inconceivable.

"The kingdom of ghosts?" Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this.

The Ghost Kingdom is undoubtedly the most mysterious force in the ghost world. Even a big man like the Soul Eater knows very little about it, let alone other powerhouses.

"It seems that the soul clan you are talking about seems to have something to do with the ghost kingdom, so be careful in the future."

"The kind of chain attack they used is also dangerous for me now." The Soul Eater said lightly.

However, the Lord of Soul Eater is also puzzled. He remembers that the supreme ruler of the Ghost Kingdom is not very powerful. If they were the Soul Clan, why didn't he find out when he was in charge of the Soul Eater Domain?

This ghost kingdom is definitely inseparable from the soul clan, but it's hard to say what the relationship is.

"Let's go after that black-robed man first, the undead leaf is indeed on him, and I left something on him just now." Xiao Yan smiled.

As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan disappeared here. Xiao Yan's soul power is very huge. As long as he is not a strong man who majors in soul power, he will not be able to find the soul mark left by Xiao Yan on the black-robed man.

"City Lord, what should I do now?" Bai He couldn't help frowning when he saw this rapidly changing situation.

"We can't break the seal of Undead Leaf, so it's useless to recover it."

"And looking at the appearance, it is definitely not a small force behind the two-star Dou Xian Perfection powerhouse and the three-star Dou Xian powerhouse."

"Let's keep an eye on Yugan and the black-faced tiger and the scarred wolf. Once they are at a disadvantage in the battle against the mysterious powerhouse of Samsung Dou Xian, they will be completely wiped out at all costs."

"As long as they are obliterated, the turmoil in our Ghost King City will naturally dissipate." Dead Wind said, his expression full of seriousness.

"Okay." After Death Wind finished speaking, everyone stood up in an array.

"Bastard!" Looking at the oncoming three huge chain attacks, Yu Gan suppressed the anger in his heart and shouted loudly, but he didn't dare to hesitate, still running the violent aura all over his body, a circle of red The energy ripples stubbornly resisted the attack of the three chains.

"I think your strength is also in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal, but your source is damaged, so you can't step into the Three Star Fighting Fairy all your life. Presumably this reason is the consequence of forcibly swallowing the fighting spirit?" Hun Hao He smiled unhurriedly.

I came here mainly to support Soul Wuya. As long as Soul Wuya brings the undead leaves back, then their masters will naturally have a way to find the undead fire. When they have the undead fire, they have the strength of the ghost kingdom. It can be described as a thousand miles in a day!

"Old bastard, you will pay the price for your stupidity." Yu Gan seemed to be trying his best to suppress the backlash of the fighting spirit in his body, so he could only defend passively.

"Does it take defense as attack..."

"But I won't give you a chance."

"The Immortal Leaf is ours, and anyone who knows about it must die!"

"Also... your fighting spirit is very weak, but I want it too!" At the end of the sentence, the voice of Hunhao was suddenly filled with a hint of greed.

There is no specific strength of the fighting spirit. The strength of the fighting spirit depends on the strength of the master, but each person can only devour one fighting spirit in his entire life. The fighting spirit ~ can only stare blankly, which is why their twelve souls still have no fighting spirit.

They don't look down on weak fighting spirits like Yugan, otherwise, with their status in the ghost kingdom, how could they not find fighting spirits of this level, but they have great ambitions and have been waiting for more powerful spirits the fighting spirit.

Devouring powerful fighting spirits and increasing their strength by geometric multiples is their ambition.

The birth of the fighting soul is similar to the holy flame, but it is different from the holy flame, but it is somewhat the same as the beast, because the fighting soul is a creature born from the aura of heaven and earth, similar to the holy flame of heaven and earth, but it is different from the world. Monsters are generally flesh and blood, with their own consciousness and even strength.

While the holy flame is the ultimate representative of the fire attribute, the fighting spirit is a lot more noisy. At best, it is not as pure and powerful as the holy flame.

Among the fighting spirits, there are also clear classifications, from high to low, they are divided into ordinary fighting spirits, spiritual fighting spirits, ground fighting spirits, heavenly fighting spirits, and even the divine souls that only exist in legends!

And the undead ghost on Xiao Yan's body, even Xiao Yan doesn't know it, it is a powerful being at the peak of the earth-grade fighting soul!

Happy April Fools' Day to everyone.

At the beginning of the month, even if you work hard, you will have to watch three more

Ask for a monthly pass

I will finish the exam at the end of this month, and I will have a blast!

At that time, do you want to watch three or four a day?

This is a problem

End of this chapter