Chapter Vol 4 1013: tit for tat

In the core area of ​​the Blood River, it is dark all day long, and on the ground, the soil is different in color, which is obviously affected by the previous battles. On the land, there are ravines, and among those ravines, one after another is broken. The weapons are left, and people can see at a glance that there have been many quite astonishing battles here.

And in this space, a high altitude exudes an extremely fiery wave, and under that fiery wave, many people can smell a rather fiery breath, and there are countless people in it. Think of the holy flame

"Big brother..."

"Second brother was killed by Xiao Yan..." Not long after, in the Xuanling royal family, Tianhong Tianhong and Qi Haoqing had just returned to the base camp for three days. They all know how ruthless the people who only recognize their interests and who do not recognize their six relatives have ruthless means.

"Is it Xiao Yan again..." Gray-clothed Tiangan frowned slightly when he heard the words.

"Big brother, this guy from the Burning Incense Pavilion is too deceiving, and even if the second brother uses that power in the end, they will still be completely obliterated by them."

"This revenge must be avenged!" A trace of extremely vicious killing intent emerged from the pupils of the three days of Zhong Tianhong.

"For now, let's wait for the Holy Flame Land to pass."

"Don't worry, this time, not only the people from Fenxiang Pavilion can't run away, but the powerhouses from other sects can't run away either..."

"Because they will be the nourishment for that thing in the end." After Tiangan finished speaking, he suddenly smiled slightly.

"Fenxiang Pavilion now has two holy flames, so be careful." Qi Haoqing suddenly thought of something and said slowly.

"This time, the holy flame is bound to be won!"

"And in the land of holy flames, there are still things we need to do." After Tiangan finished speaking, he was the first to calm down, his eyes fixed on the fiery space in the sky.

"Let's just wait. When the powerhouses of other sects come, it will be the time to open." Tiangan knew that this was the entrance to the land of holy flames, but the power of the seal at the entrance was extremely powerful. The powerhouses who gathered many super sects may not be able to crack it.

"Is that the place of holy flame among the blood rivers?"

"It is said that Sheng Yan is the most powerful existence of fire attribute in the world. If you get one by luck, I am afraid that the strength will increase geometrically..."

"Hey, holy flame is good, but don't forget, now that there are so many powerhouses eyeing them, I'm afraid there is nothing to do with us..." There were constant whispers in the huge crowd.

"The people from Wanjianmen have arrived..." After a while, the always quiet Tianhong couldn't help but say.

"Boom boom boom!" As Tian Hong's voice just fell, in this sky, one after another astonishing sword energy suddenly reverberated in the sky, and then above the substantial sword energy, a dense crowd suddenly appear.

"This is the head of the super sect, Wanjianmen?"

"Sure enough!"

"what is this!"

"The disciples of Wanjianmen's mastery of swordsmanship are unmatched." Some figures also said quite interestingly.

"Well... the number of disciples doesn't seem right." The next moment, the quiet Tiangan said while staring at the sudden appearance of the Wanjianmen troop.

"When did the people from the Ancient Wilderness Hall get together with the people from Wanjianmen?"

"Interesting." Tiangan's eyes are quite vicious, and after a few breaths, he noticed the difference and said.

"These damned guys." When Tianhong saw these guys, his pupils also flashed a very weird look.

At the beginning, they besieged a few people from Wanjianmen. If it wasn't for the people from the Ancient Desolate Palace who secretly shot, I'm afraid there would be no Wanjianmen now.

"Unite, let's unite."

"When the time comes, you will enter the land of holy flames and kill them unconsciously."

"It's just like killing Yin Tong at the beginning." Tiangan also knew that this was the result of Tianhong's unfavorable actions, but he said lightly, obviously quite confident in his own strength.

"A guy from the Xuanling royal family..."

"The man in gray at the head should be the leader of the Xuanling royal family this time.

"It is said that this guy has successfully survived the death calamity of the Eight-star Dou Emperor, thus giving birth to the power of death, and his strength has completely reached the limit of the blood river, in the early stage of the Eight-star Dou Emperor." Just appeared, the two leaders suddenly spoke.

"Let's take one step at a time. Although this guy is very strong, but we super sects are present, I am afraid they will not dare to do anything harmful." The elder brother Feng Lin of the Ancient Desolate Hall said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"really."

"However, according to the relationship between the Xuanling Royal Family and Fenxiang Pavilion in the past, I am afraid that this time the fate of the Fenxiang Pavilion will also be..." Jian Xin nodded slightly, as if thinking of something.

"Not necessarily."

"After all, there is a pervert of Xiao Yan in the Fenxiang Pavilion."

"And have you found out, the Xuanling Emperor's Four Heavenly Congregations now only have the Great Heavenly Congregation and the Three-Heaven Congregation. As for the Second Heavenly Congregation and the Four Heavenly Congregation, they are missing."

"According to my guess, this seems to be related to the Burning Incense Pavilion." Feng Lin Zaidu, the elder brother of the Ancient Desolate Hall, said.

"Let's go down first When the other super sects arrive, it will be the time to open the land of holy flame, and then where will the real life and death situation." down.

"The people of Wanhua Pavilion and Poison Sect are also united..." And just after the people of Wanjianmen and Ancient Desolate Hall settled down, a figure slowly appeared in the distant sky.

"The remnants of the Burning Incense Pavilion are my comrades."

"You will always pay the price." When Tiangan saw this team, there was also an astonishing killing intent in his eyes.

And with the arrival of these teams, the space outside the Holy Flame Land of the Blood River is also filled with an unusually restless smell of gunpowder!

"Right now, I'm afraid there is only the Burning Incense Pavilion..."

"Fenxiang Pavilion is the protagonist, you can't have stage fright, right?" Some guys with good eyesight found that the major super sects present had gathered, and now there is only Fenxiang Pavilion.

"Big brother, the guy from Fenxiang Pavilion, wouldn't he be afraid of us and shrink back?" Tianhong couldn't help but say something.

"Haha, isn't that coming?" And as Tianhong's questioning voice just fell, Tiangan, who had been closing his eyes, opened his pupils slightly, and suddenly there was a fiery wave in the space outside the Holy Flame Land. , slowly spread out.

In addition to the fiery fluctuations, the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion also arrived as promised.

"It seems that the main event of the sect competition is about to begin..." And Tiangan also smiled slowly, and his smile was full of boundless killing intent!