Chapter 197: Conquer the dragon soul? The ancient ruler and ruler of the eternal fire!

Xiao Yan said softly twice, and said to himself, "I didn't expect this to be an immortal sword..." As soon as the words fell, the immortal sword in his hand suddenly exploded in time, and instantly emitted a splendid brilliance, and disappeared in just one click.

Xiao Yan was overjoyed and said with a smile: "I didn't expect you to have your own consciousness. It is really a good fairy sword." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a huge milky white flame energy poured into the sword. Suddenly, there was a thunderous sword whistle on the sword, followed by a burst of red light, and the surrounding light suddenly became stronger.

"This is……"

When Dragon Soul heard the sword whistle, his body trembled slightly, and his heart showed a sense of trembling. Even after a thousand years, Dragon Soul would never forget such a clamorous voice.

For thousands of years, it has always been very wary of this sword and dared not approach it. It could not have imagined that Xiao Yan was not only not burned to death by the flames below, but actually got this sword. This is really an evil sect.

"This sword seems to be missing something..." Xiao Yan also carefully sensed the immortal sword in his hand, and found that the sword was indeed somewhat mutilated.

Xiao Yan is holding the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on his left and right and the immortal sword with the dragon pattern on Na Bing's handshake. Although it is subtle, Xiao Yan still found out that the immortal sword he obtained seems to be afraid of his own ancient ruler of Eternal Fire!

This is unheard of.

The immortal sword with the dragon-patterned hilt in his hand is an immortal sword!

Even if you take a step back and say, this is a sword forged by the immortal warriors. With the use of the immortal warriors, the immortal sword will inevitably have some powerful aura!

Xiao Yan's body instantly left the flames below, and then appeared in front of Dragon Soul. He sneered, "Dragon Soul, I'm not dead yet, why are you so busy leaving? How good is it?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And the matter between us is not over yet. I said that once you play tricks, I will not let you go easily."

Xiao Yan waved the ancient ruler of Eternal Flame in Xiao Yan's hand, and a raging flame suddenly burst into the sky, and a milky white ruler a hundred feet suddenly erupted, rolling up the phantom body of the dragon soul.

Xiao Yan sneered coldly, the huge soul power released at the same time, and instantly hit Dragon Soul's body.

The dragon soul's body flashed red, and instantly turned into a red ball of light the size of a foot. An extremely tyrannical dragon gang was placed around it, which firmly protected himself inside.

The entire ball of light was spinning at a high speed, and a red strange light emitted from the surface, which immediately reflected a lot of Xiao Yan's soul power.

Xiao Yan's eyes turned cold, and he instantly appeared beside Dragon Soul.

Looking at the chi-sized ball of light, Xiao Yan smiled proudly and said, "Die yourself, do you think this is enough?"

The immortal sword in Xiao Yan's hand instantly flew into the sky, and then a pure white light flashed from his right hand, which was an inscription of "Spirit Movement"!

Another display of the "God Moving" inscription firmly enveloped the ball of light in a pure white light.

Immediately, two different colors, one red and one white, with different properties, fought with all their strength.

The dragon soul hid in the ball of light and said loudly: "Human, you can't kill me, I'm already indestructible, you don't have to dream, when your fighting qi is exhausted, it will be your death. "

"Although your mysterious attacking power is very powerful and unpredictable, you can't destroy me with that power alone. You will only be a waste of time."

Xiao Yan sneered and said, "Then just look at it and see if my Dou Qi is strong and can refine your soul." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the huge Dou Qi in his body increased several times, and the light of the milky white flame concealed it. The attack of "Shen Dong" natal inscription.

The "Shen Dong" natal inscription exudes a pure white invisible force, directly attacking the dragon soul, and the dragon soul is like being fatally attacked!

Immediately, the crimson light ball was completely swallowed up, and no redness could be seen.

At this time, Xiao Yan stood quietly in the void, milky white flames and pure white brilliance flickered between his hands, and from time to time came the sound of the dragon soul screaming and begging for mercy from time to time, but Xiao Yan was also indifferent to this.

Gradually, the black brilliance gradually became smaller, and finally turned into an inch-sized red ball of light.

Xiao Yan put away the "Shen Dong" natal inscription, quietly watching the red flowing light, this is the original power of this dragon soul, and said softly: "I originally wanted to refine your dragon soul and make your soul fly away. Yes. But thinking that you have been trapped here for a thousand years, and it is not easy to cultivate, it is a pity to kill."

"So I'll give you a chance. That senior wanted to seal you in this sword as a sword spirit."

"Now I will complete what they have not done, and seal you in this divine sword, I believe I will not humiliate you."

"Are you willing to follow my choice, or accept the result of being refined by me."

The voice of the dragon soul seemed very weak, and he said helplessly: "I hate you humans so much, I didn't expect to meet you, a young man with mysterious power. It's a shame, maybe this is fate. Since it is destined to be impossible If you change things, I will follow your arrangement." The deep voice was full of unwillingness and loss.

"These things were naturally told to Xiao Yan by his master, the Golden Dragon King. This dragon soul is very afraid of spiritual power!"

Xiao Yan smiled indifferently, the palm of his right hand did not hit the Divine Sword in his left hand, but hit the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler on the right!

According to what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said, this Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler is undoubtedly much more powerful than that immortal sword!

Following Xiao Yan's slap, a red light flashed on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Eternity, and the milky white flame that flowed on the ruler instantly formed a gap, and a red ball of light melted into it in a blink of an eye. The light instantly returned to its original state.

Xiao Yan's right **** swept across the front of the ruler, and blood immediately appeared. The ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand burst into a dazzling brilliance.

The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler automatically rose into the air, and a crimson dragon shadow suddenly shot out from the divine sword in the air, chanting in the air, spinning and dancing.

After flying for a while, the dragon soul automatically returned to the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng I saw that the ancient ruler of Yihuoheng lost its light and slowly fell into Xiao Yan's hands .

Xiao Yan also took a look at this ancient ruler of different fire and eternal fire. It seemed that there was no change from the previous one. The only thing was that there was a lifelike giant dragon entrenched on the ruler's body!

Xiao Yan smiled indifferently and said softly, "Dragon Soul, you can stay inside with peace of mind. I use blood as a curse, and you can't break it."

"I think it's not easy for you to cultivate, so I don't want to destroy your consciousness, so I keep your thoughts. I hope you can do it yourself."

These are naturally Xiao Yan's words.

"Now I want to ask you, how can I get out of here, I believe you must know a lot about this, right?" Xiao Yan also looked around and found that there was no way out, so he asked.

In the tone of the question, there was a trace of calmness, and he seemed very confident.

The unwilling voice of the dragon soul came: "Even if you seal me here, you will not be able to get out. For thousands of years, I have tried countless ways, but still no success, and you are all in vain. You don't have to die here, but your source body is here, if you don't eat, you won't live long, you should wait here to die." There was a hint of hatred in his tone.

"Oh, is that right?" Xiao Yan's mental power also rushed towards the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire.

"Ah ah ah!"

"No! Stop it!"

"I said I want to say it!" The dragon soul above the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng also said.

Asking for a ticket...–