Chapter Vol 2 838: success

"Blast me!" As Xiao Yan's frantic voice appeared, in the sky, the power of thunder and calamity that was originally full of calamities actually turned into a trace of flames with extremely hot temperature!

And in the body of the robbery dragon that day, if it flashes abnormally!

In the dragon's body, not only the khaki-yellow holy flame, but also Xiao Yan's as many as twenty-three kinds of different fires merged into the emperor's flame!

The power of so many flames exploded in the body of the giant dragon, and the scenes were earth-shattering!

"What is that..." It wasn't long before the figures of Wang Xie and Guni were shocked by this sudden scene, and they immediately discovered the change in the sky.

"This fluctuation..."

"Ten thousand years of heaven and earth wonders are transcending the calamity!" Wang Xie's eyes were extremely sharp, and he revealed the secret in an instant.

"Impossible." Guni said in disbelief when he heard the words.

"I've seen it in ancient books, I can't go wrong."

"Thousand-year-level wonders of heaven and earth, it is a magical medicine that is comparable to some living and dead human flesh and bones. If you get it, I'm afraid..." After Wang Xie finished speaking, there was a trace of greed in the corner of his mouth.

"Don't be too happy."

"Xiao Yan and several people are in the formation, and this formation has similarities and differences with the power of the robbery, I am afraid..." Guni said vigilantly.

"Hahaha, we are like this..." Wang Can heard the words and smiled.

"It's really insidious...but, I like it!" Goni listened to Wang Xie's words, and immediately showed a strange smile.

Xiao Yan, let you be strong, I am afraid you are only one person, and both of them are at the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, so they will definitely not be afraid of Xiao Yan.

In this case, wouldn't it be beautiful to sit and reap the benefits of a fisherman?

"What a terrifying fluctuation, the power of this flame is Xiao Yan!" Mu Feng and the others also headed towards Xiao Yan's direction.

However, after seeing the strange catastrophe and flames in the sky, the expressions of Wudu and Linzhu's two daughters changed slightly.

too strong.

This was the first thought in the two girls' minds.

Their two daughters came from the Poison Sect, so naturally they knew about the fluctuations in the tribulation of heaven and earth.

However, Xiao Yan actually used his six-star Dou Di Consummate strength to help others survive the calamity, which was not much different from sending death.

"Let's go." At the next moment, Wu Du was not hesitating, she was also afraid that things would change, and then the speed of the three of them skyrocketed.

On Xiu Qi's side, after seeing the change in the sky just now, her whole body suddenly became unwell.

"Xiao Yan, if something happens to Yueru, I'll have to make you uneasy about Burning Incense Pavilion!" After Xiu Qi finished speaking, her speed skyrocketed. Obviously, she felt some other information from the robbery and the flames that day.

Yueru and Xiao Yan are together, if Xiao Yan is like this, I am afraid that Yueru will definitely be affected.

Although Yueru has an inheritance rune, her own strength is only the perfection of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. Facing this kind of thing that is enough for a half-immortal powerhouse to cope, I am afraid...

"Boom boom boom!" In the sky, with Xiao Yan's explosive drink, the pupils of the giant dragon suddenly became frightened that day, and then the next moment, a flame ripple like an atomic bomb, centered on the giant dragon , which is emitted in an instant.

"Xiao Yan, it's so strong..." Yueru and Mu Yingying were in the barrier, but even so, they could feel how powerful the waves created by the explosion were!

"Boom boom boom!" The calamity dragon instantly turned into countless destructive flames that fluctuated in the sky!

The terrifying fluctuation caused the space above the medicine garden to collapse slightly. At this time, the whole medicine garden was filled with the smell of death.

"Good boy!" Tian Wangshen smiled.

Destroying the giant dragon of calamity, the next step is to take over this terrifying fluctuation, then this calamity is also a perfect end.

"Golden Demon Puppet!" After Xiao Yan finished all of this, the breath all over his body wilted, but he didn't have time to think, and then he shouted loudly, because Xiao Yan knew that if the terrifying destructive power could not be taken up, I'm afraid everything would be the same. The meeting will fail!

"Suck it for me!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then the dazzling flame ripples included the heavenly robbery, and all of them went towards the golden demon puppet!

At this time, the pupils of Jin Yaopup were extremely dignified, and even if the power of this catastrophe was weakened by the Heavenly King Ginseng, it was a little difficult for Jin Yaopup to absorb it.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, the flames of the golden demon puppet turned into a bottomless gorgeous vortex, and the power of the calamity was inhaled without a trace!

"Bang bang bang!" The power of the silver robbery was just absorbed by the golden demon, and immediately above the body of the golden demon, the golden light exuded a dazzling light, constantly resisting the silver robbery.

"You must hold on." At this time, Xiao couldn't help Jin Yaopup, so he could only pray silently in his heart.

At this time, the golden demon puppet was transformed into a gorgeous vortex, absorbing the power of the catastrophe continuously. With the absorption of such a powerful power of catastrophe, Xiao Yan could vaguely discover that the strength of the golden demon puppet was also constantly increasing. .

"Guru!" After a few breaths, the golden body of the Golden Demon Puppet actually became a bit transparent, and even the muscles all over his body exploded to varying degrees, as if it would collapse at any time.

"So strong?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately knew that the Golden Demon Puppet had reached the limit of absorption at this time. If it continues to absorb, I am afraid...

"Come back." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, but still spoke.

Since the Golden Demon Puppet has reached its limit, naturally, the power of this catastrophe can only rely on himself. When Xiao Yan was just urging the power of holy flame to start, a trace of information came from the Golden Demon Puppet's body. outgoing.

"I... can." The short three words shocked Xiao Yan.

Naturally, these three words are not what Jin Yaopup said, but the message from Jin Yaopup's golden pupils. Based on Xiao Yan's understanding of Jin Yaopup, these three words are definitely the same.

"Suck!" After a while, the golden demon puppet's whole body suddenly exploded with the power of holy flame, and under the incomparably powerful heavenly tribulation, under the burning of the power of holy flame, it was all absorbed by the golden demon puppet !

"Good guy!" Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when he saw this.

"Shabu-shabu!" The golden demon puppet absorbed all the power of the calamity, and then the golden body was only vaguely covered with layers of black and white!

Black is the power of death that was absorbed from the two springs of life and death, and this silver, undeniably, is naturally the power of this catastrophe!

"Thank you!" With the complete resolution of the power of the calamity, the body of the king ginseng suddenly glowed with a dazzling light that day, and then a colored lightning suddenly broke through the sky from the sky, and directly fell into the milky white human body of the king ginseng. middle.

The next moment, the milky white Heavenly King Ginseng human body slowly condensed, and in a short while, it was completely transformed into a human man!

At this moment, the soul of Tianwang ginseng was completely detached from the medicinal materials and turned into a real human being.

It's just that on the body of the king ginseng that day, an inconspicuous white pattern slowly formed!

together!

It is a symbol of stepping into 10,000 years!

"Success..." Seeing this scene, Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly.

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: