Chapter Vol 4 1005: situation

"Oh?"

"Do you know the news about the seven members of our Fenxiang Pavilion Heavenly Hall?" When Du Mo's voice just fell, Xiao Yan's figure who had just started walking stopped immediately, and then asked Du Mo with great interest.

"I know!"

"I can tell you their news and even their specific location!"

"As long as you don't kill me!" Du Mo was really scared at this moment.

Du Mo had heard some rumors about Xiao Yan, but when he really faced it, he knew how terrible this guy was.

Although Wang Xie tried to kill Mu Yingying, there was a mistake in the first place, but this guy Xiao Yan is a devil who only kills without blinking. The power of this kind of ruthless person, even if it is Du Mo, is quite afraid.

"Okay, let's hear it." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"One of the four members of the Xuanling royal family died for some reason. For this reason, the remaining three days of the Xuanling royal family poured their anger on the seven people in your Heavenly Palace."

"And in the case of the Xuanling royal family's continuous search for three days, they finally found the seven people in the Heavenly Palace of your Burning Incense Pavilion. The strength of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace does not seem to be the peak, and when I came over, I already did it. ."

"If you guys rush over, I'm afraid it's still too late." Du Mo glanced at Xiao Yan and said slowly.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan scolded secretly when he heard the words, and then the huge soul roared away directly at Du Mo.

"asshole!"

"Xiao Yan, what are you doing!" Seeing this dazzling soul force attack, Du Mo couldn't help but feel a fear in his pupils.

"Xiao Yan, forget it, this guy's status in the Wandu Sect is a bit high, so I'll leave him alone."

"As for that Wang Xie, kill him and kill him. They don't dare to complain." Yan Chi said slowly.

"Cut the grass without eradicating the roots?" Xiao Yan hesitated for a moment towards the rear, and then his dazzling soul power stagnated.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't worry, the mere ten thousand poison sects are still in the eyes of our burning incense." Yan Chi said.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly. He knew that a seven-star Dou Emperor perfection level powerhouse would be extremely terrifying even if he temporarily died to fight back.

"Where are they?" Xiao Yan asked Zaidu, relying on Xiao Yan's soul power, he knew that what Du Mo said now was true.

"They're on the northernmost hills."

"Now they are trapped by the Xuanling royal family for three days, but fortunately they have some protection from the bottom of the box, but they have been faintly injured." Du Mo said.

"go!"

"This time, they must die!" Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing this, and then a gloomy killing intent burst out suddenly.

"I'm afraid it will take a day for us to go to the northernmost hills from here."

"I hope these little guys can hold on." Yan Chi said.

After speaking, the four figures of Xiao Yan disappeared directly here, heading towards the northernmost hill.

"Damn it!"

"I really didn't expect that this Xiao Yan would be so tyrannical, and that handsome man."

"But I still want to thank you, Xiao Yan."

"If you hadn't helped me kill Wang Xie, I'm afraid that the attention given to me in the sect would gradually be replaced by him."

"Since you have done me a big favor, Wang Xie's death this time, I am afraid it is better to say that the Xuanling royal family." After Du Mo finished speaking, he also slowly laughed, and his voice was full of laughter.

"Little Senior Sister, how long will we be with the big army?" In an extremely dark place, some disciples spoke slowly.

"Come on, according to our perception, it seems that the big brother and the others are here."

"When we meet with Senior Brother and the others, our situation will also get better." Qin Xin, Ling Xuan and Mu Feng, who were headed by them, said slowly.

These people are the backbone of the Burning Incense Pavilion, and they are also the disciples who are not as strong as the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, and only the Six-Star Dou Emperor has entered the first floor of the Blood River.

These disciples also encountered many powerful guys in the first floor of the blood river, among which the Xuanling royal family is the most prominent.

I don't know why, Qi Haoqing, who has reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in the Xuanling Royal Family, did not enter the second floor of the Blood River. The people who hunted the Burning Incense Pavilion, but fortunately, the three led by Qinxin were extremely careful and tried their best to avoid them, so there were no casualties. Meet the seven people in the Tiandian Temple.

"Everyone, be careful, Senior Brother and the others should be right in front, but the aura in front seems to be extremely wrong..." At this time, Mu Feng said with his mysterious Yin-Yang technique.

Following Mu Feng's words, the other disciples headed by them were also vigilant. They knew that it was because of Mu Feng's mysterious yin and yang exercises that they avoided the hunt of many Xuanling Emperors.

"What's going on?" Ling Xuan and Qin Xin asked Mu Feng at the same time.

"The seven people in our Heavenly Palace are indeed in front, but there are still many powerful breaths ahead."

"Let's not go over." Mu Feng said with difficulty.

"Rest on the spot." Qin Xin heard the words and nodded slightly to the strong men in the hall next to her.

And as Qin Xin's voice just fell, the hundreds of disciples behind her stopped neatly, then hid their breath and became quiet.

"Just wait and see."

" doesn't seem to be that simple for the hill in front of you." Mu Feng shook his head as he watched the army rest. At this time, they were also thousands of meters away from the hill in front of them. , In addition to the fierce ghost in the blood river, he is not afraid of being noticed by others.

And as the Burning Incense Pavilion's troops came to the outside of the hill, there was also an extremely shocking scene being staged in the hill.

"Second day all the adults..."

"Three days, all adults..." Outside the hill, outside a conspicuous barrier, a vague figure said slowly to the two men.

"Qi Haoqing?"

"How are things going?" Tianhong Tianhong in red asked a little hesitantly.

"Those guys in Burning Incense Pavilion don't know why, they have been avoiding us..."

"I didn't find their main force..." Qi Haoqing also said with an ashen face, extremely unhappy.

"It's really trash."

"My king has given you so many resources, yet you can't find them?" Tian Hong said with great disdain.

"What all the adults said in the three days is..." Although Qi Haoqing was full of killing intent, he could only say with a smile.

"Okay, third brother."

"Fenxiang Pavilion has learned from the past, I'm afraid this time will not be as stupid as the last time."

"But that's okay, we'll kill them together when the time comes." The Tsing Yi Tiancang, the leader of the two-day congregation, stared at a few embarrassed figures in the hills in front of them, and spoke slowly, their voices filled with an indifferent sentence. breath.

m.