Chapter 314: The accident caused by the Xiao ethnic pattern!

"The first level of the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler!" A terrifying voice echoed in the hall, and the next moment, Xiao Yan also held the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng tightly with both hands, and then waved viciously towards the position of the Immortal Emperor. !

A terrifying flame aura with the destruction of the sky and the earth accompanied Long Yi, and also attacked the Immortal Emperor viciously.

It seems that the Immortal Emperor did not deliberately resist Xiao Yan's attack, and let Xiao Yan's attack fall on his body.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying hundred-zhang-chi-mang attacked the Immortal Emperor's body abruptly, and an extremely hot temperature spread throughout the hall.

"Explode!" Xiao Yan shouted in a deep voice, and the hundred-zhang-chi-mang that was deadlocked with the Immortal Emperor suddenly exploded.

Brings a monstrous flame energy.

The next moment, an extremely dazzling golden light also emerged from the center of the explosion.

"Haha, the little guy is really a good attack method."

"If it were an ordinary five-star Dou Emperor, the terror would not be able to withstand your attack." The Immortal Emperor also spoke slowly, then smiled.

"Damn it." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

Although the Seventh Level Breaking Sky Ruler is powerful, Xiao Yan has recently either participated in the points plundering competition or joined the super sect, so he has no time to continue cultivating the following levels of the Seventh Level Breaking Heaven Ruler.

According to Xiao Yan's estimation, he can now grasp the second and third feet of the Seventh Heaven-shattering Ruler.

Of course, Xiao Yan also discovered that the first chi of the seven-layered sky-breaking ruler was no longer powerful enough to deal with the enemies he encountered.

After all, the enemies Xiao Yan has encountered so far are all stronger than Xiao Yan!

And even if he is stronger than Xiao Yan, as powerful as the five-star Dou Emperor level, Xiao Yan is confident that he has the power to fight in one battle. It is just a pity that Xiao Yan's defense cannot cope with the attacks of the five-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, so now Xiao Yan every time In the battle against the Five-Star Dou Di, if you can't kill with one hit, then Xiao Yan's waiting will be a failure.

After all, Xiao Yan is not afraid of the Five-Star Dou Di. In terms of attack strength, Xiao Yan is more terrifying than the Five-Star Dou Di. The only thing he is afraid of is that Xiao Yan's current defense is unable to withstand the attacks of the five-star Dou Di.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This is what caused Xiao Yan the most headache!

"Although your soul attack works well with this weapon's attack, your strength is too weak after all."

"If only by virtue of these..."

"Then you can go back." The Immortal Emperor also said slowly, with an extremely terrifying pressure in his voice.

"damn it……"

"Is there no other way..." Xiao Yan also muttered, obviously this immortal emperor's remnant soul, the current Xiao Yan is not enough to deal with.

Xiao Yan casually held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his right hand, and then raised his left hand, slowly stroking his forehead.

Where, it seems that something is just about to move!

"I don't know what fighting skills this senior just displayed?" Xiao Yan also wondered in his heart.

Obviously, the dazzling golden light emitted by the Immortal Emperor just now made Xiao Yan feel like an ant, and Xiao Yan also knew that since the Immortal Emperor displayed that dazzling golden light, his own attack seemed to have hit. General on an indestructible stone!

This is what makes Xiao Yan feel helpless, because Xiao Yan has absolute confidence, even with his current strength, he can still leave a trace of scars on this immortal emperor!

But I just don't know what's going on. The golden light that the Immortal Emperor just showed when he was dealing with his seventh-layer breaking sky ruler seemed to be a terrifying thing.

"Boy, I feel that your flame is not an ordinary flame, right?"

"But since you can come here, it's okay to tell you." The Immortal Emperor also laughed. Obviously, he saw Xiao Yan's question, but he was also surprised.

This Xiao Yan's perception is really sharp, he just used his fighting skills.

"That's my famous fighting skill."

"Immortal golden body." The slow voice of the Immortal Emperor produced extreme shock in Xiao Yan's mind!

"Immortal Emperor!"

"Immortal golden body!" At this time, Xiao Yan's mind was like a cauldron exploded!

"Because my master, the Golden Dragon King, explained it to me before."

"The Immortal Emperor's famous fighting skill is the Immortal Golden Body!"

The horror level of this immortal golden body can be called the first person under Dou Di.

Because the immortal golden body has no attack power, but it is more desirable than the huge attack power!

The Immortal Golden Body focuses on defense!

It is a fighting skill that focuses on defense!

Although there is no clear rank, but you don't need to think about it, you know that the rank of this immortal golden body can definitely be ranked in the holy rank!

Moreover, the rank among the holy ranks will definitely not be low!

"Immortal Emperor, Immortal Golden Body."

"The Immortal Emperor stood at the peak of the Dou Emperor with his immortal golden body, and then with this immortal golden body, he also resisted two emperor-level foreign evil races that were comparable to the level of human fighting immortals."

"Immortal golden body, immortal golden body, is a defense method close to the limit."

"The immortal golden body can instantly solidify one's body and become as solid as gold, and there will also be a terrifying defensive shield around the caster. When the immortal golden body appears, the caster's own defense will also instantly increase by five Times!" The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Huh..."

"Five times the defense power!" Xiao Yan also took a deep breath, then looked at the simple man in front of him with shock.

"Instantaneous increase of five times the defense power, what does this mean, Xiao Yan is also very clear!"

Taking Xiao Yan as an example, if he just used all his strength to defend and not attack, the powerhouses in the late stage of the terrifying four-star Dou Di could be dragged on for a while!

But if you increase your defense by five times!

Xiao Yan also has absolute self-confidence, even the attack of a six-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouse is like tickle Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan on the Dou Qi Continent is full of attacking methods, and what he cultivates is also breaking out melee combat methods, striving for one-hit kills!

For defense, there is also very little penetration.

But when he came to Doudi Continent, Xiao Yan also found that without some powerful means of life-saving, it would be quite difficult to fight against some enemies at a higher level The means of attack and fighting skills, Xiao Yan also learned too much , so don't worry, it's just that what Xiao Yan lacks at the moment is the means of defense!

If the major problem of defensive means is solved, Xiao Yan also has the confidence to leapfrog battles without a problem!

After all, in terms of the degree of violence, Xiao Yan is not inferior to anyone...

But in terms of defense, it was Xiao Yan's weakness.

"It's no wonder that this immortal emperor was able to use the strength of Dou Di's peak to hold down two foreign evil races that are comparable to human beings..." Xiao Yan also murmured, there were a lot of shocks in his voice, but more What is respect is that such a strong powerhouse is sadly lost.

"Immortal golden body..."

"Sure enough, it's a good thing." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Then he also laughed, no longer covering up, his palm slightly raised, no longer covering his forehead.

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!" A silent voice also echoed in the hall.

Xiao Yan's strength also soared in an instant, and in a blink of an eye, it was raised to the level of a four-star Dou Emperor consummation. At the same time, a wave of extreme fluctuations also emanated from Xiao Yan's forehead.

"This smell..."

"Are you from the Xiao Clan?" The Immortal Emperor in front of him also slowly spit out a sentence when he saw the mysterious rune on Xiao Yan's forehead.

Then the originally peaceful Immortal Emperor was also shocked at this time.