Chapter 176: Top 3 A!

"The third person among the fifth-class talented newcomers..."

"Mu Feng!" The old man in the tall building also spoke slowly.

Mu Feng, who was standing next to Xiao Yan and Yueru, obviously expected it long ago, so he was not too surprised, and walked away gently towards the tall building.

"This person is actually the third among the five talented newcomers, I really can't tell..."

"You can't look like a person..."

"It's really amazing..." There were also some envious voices around.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan and Yueru also turned their heads at the same time. Xiao Yan was not surprised that Mu Feng was able to get this evaluation. After all, he and Mu Feng had fought in the underground cold pool. Although it was extremely short-lived, he knew that Mu Feng was well aware of it. strength is not weak.

As for Yueru, she was more surprised. This robed boy was actually the third among the fifth-class talented rookies, which really surprised her.

"Xiao Yan, don't be too surprised for a while." Yueru didn't care about Mu Feng, after all, she just met today, so she looked at Xiao Yan and said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan didn't say much.

Don't think that Yueru is only the strength of the peak of the three-star Dou Di, but the inheritance rune on the forehead is quite praised even by his own master, the Golden Dragon King, which is enough to show that the power of her inheritance is no trivial matter.

"Um?"

"Why is this third place only a kid in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di..." With the appearance of Mu Feng, there were no shortage of sharp-eyed people in the square who could not help but be surprised when they found Mu Feng's strength!

Some rookies with fourth-level talents also have the strength of the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. As for the others who have obtained the fifth-level talent, they are all strong in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor. The powerhouse of the level, and the top three among the fifth-class talented newcomers, everyone on the square couldn't help but wonder.

"How can this Mu Feng be rated as the top three among the five talented newcomers, who clearly have the same strength as them in the early stage of the four-star Dou Di?" This thought was also in the minds of many people on the square.

"Go on, if you don't feel the aura on your kid carefully, it will become more and more like a ghost." The old man also spoke slowly.

Mu Feng also grinned when he heard this. After all, his little tricks couldn't hide from these people.

"Go on, be careful when dealing with ghosts in the future." After the old man finished speaking, Mu Feng came back.

Mu Feng also returned to Xiao Yan and the others, obviously what just happened didn't happen.

Comparing Xiao Yan and Yueru is also quite puzzled. The few people who came with them are now scattered everywhere. When they come here, they have to rely on themselves, so they have long since gone to form a gang. Only Yueru and Xiao Yan and the other did not go, even if this Mu Feng was rated as the top three, he still smiled at Xiao Yan, which was enough to see that he was someone who could make friends.

"What do you think?" There was a beautiful woman on the square, wearing a long snow-white dress and long ponytails, which complemented each other quite well.

"In my opinion, although this person is a little weaker, the faint aura on his body shows that he is someone who has gone through a battle, and he is different from the ordinary sons who are greedy for life and fear of death." He Wanxia also said.

"Oh? Really?" Zhu Zhuqing heard the words, and the long whip that was slowly wrapped around his waist also appeared in his hand like a rope.

"I heard that the top three people are a bit strange this time, and the details are secret. I don't know too much, but this trial is related to this talent." Song Cheng also said with a smile, after all, he can stand here at this time. The six are rated as fifth-class talented newcomers!

"Oh, Song Cheng, where did you get these information from?" Yi Tian asked in confusion. Being able to stand here is enough to show that their respective talents and strengths are not weak, so it is possible that they should try their best to make friends. .

"Naturally, I paid a lot of money to get it." Song Cheng also said that he was also quite distressed. The big price was spent, but the information obtained was so ambiguous, which also made Song Cheng quite distressed.

"I have long heard that Brother Song Cheng has mastered first-hand intelligence gathering, and it is true when I see it today!" Li Xin also laughed.

"I don't know who the first or second names will be this time?" Luo Ming also said.

With the fall of Luo Ming's voice, the eyes of the six people also focused on the high-rise building, because the old man also began to read the second place.

"The fifth-level talented rookie is second, Yueru!" The old man smiled slightly after saying that. Obviously, this year's top three are somewhat different from previous years.

On top of the jade slip, there are a few boys behind the second Yueru, but the old man didn't read it out.

When Yueru heard this, she also smiled slightly at Xiao Yan, and then flew to the top of the tall building.

"I've seen senior!" Yue Ru said respectfully.

"Hehe, get up, this old man can't bear such a big gift." The old man also said cheerfully.

The people above the square saw the three thousand silks hanging down from Yueru's back, which was particularly moving under the breeze. In addition to her slender figure and beautiful accommodation, the people above the square immediately felt a sense of urgency. The feeling of being out of sight is like a fairy descending to earth.

"How is that possible!" Not far from Xiao Yan and the others, the man known as Ma Ge also stared at Yue Ru above the tall building with wide eyes, looking incredulous.

"Oh?" Mu Feng, who was standing beside Xiao Yan, was also quite surprised. He didn't expect that this seemingly weak three-star Dou Di peak would be a head taller than him!

"Is it the second?"

"I thought it was my turn this time..." Xiao Yan also said in a low voice, unexpectedly, Yueru's status as the inheritor could only be rated second.

"What is this!"

"Samsung Dou Di's peak strength is also worthy of this second place?"

"Is this your black box operation or are you old and confused?" A person above the square also shouted, obviously dissatisfied with this kind of evaluation That is, how can the strength of the peak of Samsung Doudi come from? Take this seat? "

"Could it be that there is some shady deal?" Some of the people watching the excitement on the square also roared with excitement. Most of them are first- and second-class talented newcomers, so this time they came to watch the excitement. So don't be afraid of how big this thing is!

At this time, the pot was obviously exploded on the square, like ants on a hot pot talking non-stop, arguing about Yueru's second moisture.

Yueru also looked down slightly with her eyes, and when she saw Xiao Yan's firm gaze, she also smiled slightly, obviously not taking the ridicule of the people below in her eyes.

"Humph!" The people above the square were still cursing, but suddenly the old man above the high-rise building snorted coldly, and then said, "Yueru, yes..."

"Heirs!"

In just a few short words, the pot exploded on the square like thunder!

"Heirs!"

This is a name that everyone on the Xuanling Continent is familiar with!

If the probability of a person becoming a pharmacist is one in ten thousand, then the probability of an inheritor is another one in ten thousand.

This is enough to show the harsh conditions necessary to become an inheritor!

"How can it be!"

"This woman is actually the inheritor?" He Wanxia and the other six also exclaimed in unison.

Ask for tickets!