Chapter Vol 4 1439: Name the soul clone, Xiao Lei!

With the end of the Immortal Fighting Tribulation, Xiao Yan also made a natural breakthrough to the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal.

"Samsung Dou Xian is in the early stage!" In the quiet sacred flame space, Xiao Yan slowly got up and waved two punches at will. Suddenly, a heavy fighting qi turned into a fierce wind and scattered everywhere.

The energy contained in such a seemingly random strike is very different from that of the two-star fighting immortal. Such a terrifying attack is enough to easily injure the two-star fighting immortal.

"Now that I'm encountering a two-star fighting immortal, I'm afraid I can easily defeat them..."

"And in these four continents competitions, most of the outstanding disciples' strength will be on the rank of the Three Star Fighting Immortals... But now, I am not too stubborn when facing the real Three Star Fighting Immortals." Xiao Yan smiled slowly. There was a hint of calmness in the voice.

"Crash!" After a deep voice, with a wave of his hand, the Holy Flame space disappeared in an instant, and Xiao Yan's figure also returned to the Fengling Crystal.

"Hey... It's been less than seven days, Brother Xiao Yan has broken through the early stage of the three-star battle of immortals. Brother Xiao Yan is really talented." Xiao Yan's figure just appeared, and suddenly he saw the pastoral beside him helping the soul clone to be vigilant, and said immediately. .

"Mid-Samsung Fighting Immortals?" Xiao Yan glanced at Pastoral, but found that this guy's strength had broken through in just a few days, and even reached the mid-Samsung Fighting Immortals?

You must know that the pastoral song just broke through the early stage of the three-star battle of immortals not long ago. Even if the holy spring of the earth is precious, it is not enough to cross a level. After all, although the difference between the early and middle stage of the three-star battle of immortals is only one level, the gap between them is like a gulf. Obviously, there are some secrets in this pastoral song.

"Hehe..." Mu Ge grinned.

"Boom!" At the same time, the body of the soul in the air suddenly burst into a burst of dazzling thunder fluctuations, and suddenly circles of gray thunder, like a dead silence, burst out from the body frantically.

"This guy has also succeeded." Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not worry too much, and even a trace of joy appeared in his heart.

"You have also succeeded..." The soul avatar's pupils slowly opened, but it was different from the dark pupils of the main body Xiao Yan. There were countless thunder flashes in his pupils, and a trace of gray thunder appeared like a dead silence, and his The aura around his body, although it was the same as the main body in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, but the shocking power of thunder all over his body, even Xiao Yan's main body felt dizzy.

"You are in this state... but you are a bit tyrannical." Xiao Yan said.

"My power level will increase with the improvement of the body, and the end of the level depends on the tyranny of the soul power of the body."

"However, after I devoured the power of thunder from the beast robbery, some changes occurred." The soul clone stared at the body Xiao Yan and said.

"What changes?" The main body Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

"In my body, in addition to the attributes you have, there is an additional thunder attribute!"

"This thunder attribute exists in my body... In other words, I can use the thunder attribute grudge!" The soul clone spoke slowly.

"It seems that you are the biggest killer in my hands." Hearing the soul clone say so, a strange smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

Thunder Fire Wood, three types of attributes, two types of destruction, and one type of protection, makes Xiao Yan a walking mobile turret in the future.

"By the way, you and I have special identities. Why don't I give you a name, so that it can be easily distinguished, otherwise it will be difficult to distinguish between you and me." In an instant, the main body Xiao Yan said.

"As you like." The soul avatar obviously didn't value these things, and said helplessly.

"Why don't you just call Xiao Lei?" In an instant, the main body Xiao Yan also spoke slowly.

"The power of thunder... Xiao Lei..."

"Yes!" said the soul avatar in surprise.

"Xiao Yan and Xiao Lei, you and I are one." Xiao Yan said slowly.

Originally, Xiao Yan had this plan in condensing his soul avatar, but now the changes that have taken place in swallowing the beast robbery make Xiao Yan quite happy.

Fighting against people, even if one person loses, if it is a last resort, two people with the same strength and aura will shoot at the same time, that kind of scene is very exciting, and no matter who it is, it is irresistible. Attraction, What's more, the power of thunder on Xiao Lei, the power of the same level, I am afraid it is difficult to resist, after all, the power of thunder contains the power of thunder master and beast robbery.

"You two guys." Mu Ge on the side was indeed a little surprised. The dazzling thunder power of Xiao Lei, who was born from the soul avatar in front of him, even if it was Mu Ge, was a headache.

"Come back... you are my sign at the bottom of the box." Xiao Yan waved his hand gently, and then Xiao Lei's figure was immediately included in Xiao Yan's soul realm.

Back in the soul realm, Xiao Yan's spiritual palace in the soul realm kept moving towards Xiao Lei's body, apparently maintaining the special relationship between the two.

However, Xiao Yan knew that although he was only at the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal Stage, if he summoned his soul clone Xiao Lei to fight together, I am afraid that just relying on the fighting spirit and the combined power of the two of them, he would still have enough foundation to shake Samsung. In the late stage of Dou Xian, it is even a powerhouse at the perfect level!

This is Xiao Yan's reliance!

"You kid, you have so many tricks on your body..."

"Condensing the soul clone... and constantly nourishing and cultivating the soul clone through the power of the soul, and even finally letting the soul clone devour the beast robbery and cause mutation."

"So many things, ordinary people can't do it. After all, if anything happens to the soul clone, the price is too huge."

"However, you are quite courageous." After a while, the figure of the earth demon bear slowly appeared, and then looked at Xiao Yan and said, his voice was mostly a kind of compliment.

Although the agglomeration of soul avatars is not a small benefit, in the great world, the harms outweigh the benefits, so no strong person will do this so far. After all, even if the soul avatar is summoned to fight, if the enemy is the first to obliterate the soul avatar, as long as the soul avatar is seriously injured Or fall, the main body is also bound to doom However, if the enemy does not erase the soul clone immediately, then what awaits him is probably the devastating attack of the two.

Therefore, the method of soul avatar has advantages and disadvantages.

"Don't worry... I have my senses." Xiao Yan knew that the Earth Demon Bear was also concerned, and nodded slowly, but there was no way out. After all, in the ghost world, the power of Saint Flame was limited. Some means of pressing the bottom of the box, how to face the four continents competition... not to mention the Li Soul Domain above the four continents competition!

"Now that you're ready, let's go."

"I will send you directly to the top of the mountain to meet most of you." After a while, the figure of the Earth Demon Bear flickered, and then took the two directly towards the Tianming Mountains.

The people of Lei Gu and Yuan Zong also came to the top of the Tianming Mountains during the few days that Xiao Yan and Mu Ge left, but they fell into some difficult levels.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!