Chapter 52: 7 Stone carvings, the guardian wakes up!

Xiao Yan whispered to Yueru: "After the gray and white dividing line is untied, don't rush to take action. Although these things are priceless treasures, they are all hot potatoes. If you get it first, it will be a disaster..."

Yueru nodded slightly. She also understood that as soon as those treasures got into their hands, they would immediately become the target of public criticism. There were many powerful people in the hall, and one person came over with one palm. Hematemesis collapsed.

"This Xiao Yan is not only not weak in cultivation talent, but also has amazing accomplishments in medicine refining. The most important thing is that although he is young, he does not have the arrogance of young people. His future achievements will definitely be extraordinary. He is attached to our Alchemist Association, and I have to say that this is really a correct decision by the president."

"Help if you can, if this big chance falls on this kid Xiao Yan, it's not bad, no wonder the president will remind him to take care of this kid, even I can feel some unusual aura from this kid. , it's really not that simple."

Seeing that Xiao Yan was not impulsive under the temptation of the baby, Bai Shan also nodded, the weight of Xiao Yan in his heart increased a lot.

Naturally, Xiao Yan didn't know that his performance made Bai Shan give him a lot of points. At this moment, he was staring at the light clusters floating in the air of the main hall. The eyes of the people around them all reflected the light of the light group.

Wu Huan also stared at the seven beams of light in front of him, and his eyes were rolling quickly, not knowing what to think.

The group of people, mainly Feng Yi, frowned and looked at the seven light groups, the seven light groups, there are nearly five hundred people in this hall alone!

It can be said that the wolf has more meat and less meat!

"The seal is about to disappear!"

Xiao Yan's face was solemn, and suddenly he heard his master, the Golden Dragon King, whisper.

"Master, you said this is..."

"Don't ask me, I don't know too much about the ruins of these powerhouses. Let's take a step by step." The Golden Dragon King also saw Xiao Yan's worry.

"The gray-white dividing line has disappeared!" I don't know who said it, and then many people in the hall in front of them all came out with a strong greed in their eyes.

The gray-white dividing line in front of him slowly disappeared, and then a wall of fighting qi that was as transparent as glass also shattered with a bang!

Just before the voice fell, someone in a hurry rushed away at one of the seven light groups that were close at hand. Looking at it, it was obvious that they wanted to get it first!

And as the figure approached, the seven light groups suddenly trembled violently, and then burst out with a strong light that was even more dazzling than before, and in this strong light, the looming scrolls inside were also at this moment. Turned into an ancient scroll visible to the naked eye!

Above the scroll, a quaint aura slowly emanated from the mid-air of the hall!

Chi Chi!

The light group emitted a stronger light, and seven streamers of different colors swept out from it, and then slowly stopped in front of the seven figures!

Through the luster, everyone's eyes could faintly see the scrolls. An ancient aura emanated from these scrolls, causing the eyes of many strong people to turn blood red at this moment, and their breathing was also suddenly aggravated.

"The Immortal Rank Fighting Skill was born!"

The luster surged, and after the silence in the hall lasted for a short blink of an eye, a scream suddenly resounded, and then only the sound of bang bang resounded, and a strong and dense battle erupted from the hall. Standing up, one after another silhouette was like a locust, desperately swept away at the scrolls that turned into streamers.

The entire hall was instantly boiling!

The attraction of Immortal Rank Fighting Skills is obviously a fatal attraction!

The dark figure quickly attacked the light group that exuded strong fluctuations, and a flash appeared in one of the seven light groups.

"Hahaha!"

"The immortal-level fighting skills are mine!"

The dark man also looked up to the sky and said with a long smile, as if he had seen the immortal-level fighting skills within his reach beckoning to him. Sex is a treasure, and if you can get a roll of immortal-level fighting skills, you may be able to soar!

Getting ahead is just around the corner!

The dark figure could no longer restrain the smile on his face, and then he reached out to the group of light less than a foot in front of him!

Although everyone outside the main hall was instantly boiling, but no one moved. Instead, they looked carefully at the dark man who stretched out his hand to grab the light ball.

They are also clear that no matter whether this person is successful or not, he will come to this hall. Someone must always be the pioneer. If he succeeds, he will get a roll of immortal-level fighting skills, although there may be others robbed later. Possibly, if it fails...

"Bang bang bang!"

The dark man just came into contact with the light group and was instantly swallowed up!

Rather than being swallowed by the light group, when the dark man came into contact with the light group that contained immortal-level fighting skills, it instantly turned into a ray of light like broken glass.

You must know that this swarthy figure is also a powerhouse in the early days of the Three-Star Dou Di. When facing this mysterious scroll of light, he would actually...

So vulnerable!

Because it is not only the body that is broken, even the soul is broken instantly, and there is no time to escape!

I can't eat hot tofu in a hurry, this dark figure is the best end!

Then, from the light group, sharp sound waves spread out in the huge main hall. It caused many strong people to change their expressions slightly, and they could feel the unusually powerful strength of this voice.

Just when everyone was in shock, the sound of breaking wind suddenly sounded in the hall, and immediately white mist poured from the hall, and finally gathered in the middle of the hall, and the white dissipated, and there seemed to be seven figures in the light. Shown next to the group.

At this moment, everyone raised their heads, not wanting to look at the clean black shadow that disappeared Because, the seven stone sculptures that were originally in the hall have disappeared!

"Damn?"

"The guardian actually woke up?"

Seeing the seven stone carvings that disappeared in the picture, many people jumped in their hearts and frowned. The strength of the seven stone carvings is well known to everyone present. If they wake up, they will give the seven light groups that were originally rare. The **** of fighting skills adds more intensity!

Xiao Yan stared at the mid-air, and his face was also looking calmly. The seven figures were at the front, one was dressed in gray and white clothes, and the other six figures were standing on either side of the white figure!

The seven stone sculptures under the Skeleton Seat originally had something like a rock covering their body, but at this time, if you look closely, there is no such thing as a stone sculpture. Their seven stone sculptures are now the same as normal people!

Moreover, Xiao Yan felt the terrifying strength that was not inferior to martial arts from the six powerhouses lined up in the white figures!

The aura on the white figure in the center was restrained, as if a person who had never possessed a grudge, but Xiao Yan knew that the most powerful person was definitely this white figure.

Above the main hall, the white mist slowly disappeared, and the seven stone carvings revealed their true colors.

The originally quiet and tense hall. At this moment, it was like being thrown into a very heavy bomb, almost in an instant, it caused the main hall to boil like a frying pan.

At the same time, the seven rays of light on the scroll slowly turned into a ball of light and injected into the seven guardians. It was also at this moment that the seven figures suddenly opened their eyes that had been closed for countless years. Killing, at this moment, spreads out!

"The Temple Breaker!"

"Kill without mercy!"