Chapter Vol 4 878: Mysterious man strikes!

"The dead hand of life and death!" After Qin Tian's skyrocketing strength, the half-immortal's strength suddenly became extremely ugly.

"Is it such a terrifying attack at the first shot..." Seeing the increasingly bright attack on Qin Tian's palm, the undead Mingque was not scornful, and slowly condensed the flames all over his body in his hand, a burst of fire that was also not lost to Qin Tian. Horror fluctuations were born in an instant.

"Undead Mingque, die for me!" After a while, Qin Tian felt that his attack was ready, and without hesitation, he raised his palm and slammed into the immortal Mingque!

"Fall for me!" The undead Mingque was equally rude, and the palm attack instantly threw it out, and then two terrifying forces touched together.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying ripples that were enough to destroy any strong man continued to spread.

"Good guy, you actually forced out the leader's holy-rank fighting skills."

"This holy-level fighting skill, the head of the team used it to kill a real half-immortal powerhouse." Looking at the terrifying attack in the sky, Ye Mo couldn't help saying.

"The attack of that undead ghost can't be underestimated."

"Although his flames are not holy flames, the fighting spirit related to holy flames, this guy is not simple." Yaoxin said the same thing.

"Hahaha!"

"Happy!" Qin Tian also knew that it was obviously impossible to kill the Undead Mingque with such a single blow, but before the attack in the sky had completely fallen, Qin Tian's figure immediately exploded and attacked the Undying Mingque. .

"Sparrow Feather!" Facing Qin Tian's arrival, the undead Mingque seemed to have been prepared for a long time, and immediately turned its feathers into deadly attacks and pushed them out!

"Bang Bang Bang!" The bird feathers of the immortal dwarf bird are like shooting stars, blocking all the retreat paths for Qin Tian's advance.

That's the case, that Qin Tian forcibly used the five black and white **** of life and death around his body to intercept the attack of the undead ghost.

"Forget it, since I've left the ruins now, I'd better go, otherwise I'll be subdued by this Qin Tian." Undead Mingque thought to himself.

After thinking about it, Immortal Nether Sparrow's figure exploded, obviously wanting to launch some powerful attacks and escape with the help of intermittent attacks!

"This beast, want to run?" Qin Tian knew at first sight when he saw the weakened attack of the Undead Mingque.

"Eat me!"

"Five flavors of life and death balls!" In the face of the undead Mingque's desire to escape, Qin Tian naturally knew that, and immediately came to the undead Mingque's side, the five life and death **** on his body instantly detached from him, and hit the body of the undead Mingque!

"Brumbling!" A scream of screams continued to emanate from the red-robed undead bird!

And the arm of the immortal ghost was filled with a rotten aura because it blocked Qin Tian's five life and death balls!

"asshole!"

"You are courting death!" The immortal Mingque heard the words and was instantly shocked, but before the immortal Mingque could react, Qin Tian slapped it with the palm of his hand. The bird was slightly surprised.

"嘁偁嘁!" After receiving two heavy blows in succession, the body of the undead ghost was full of large and small scars, and the breath became sluggish. Obviously, Qin Tian Banxian's power of life and death had caused the undead ghost. Not a small injury.

"Undying fire!" Finally, Undying Mingque couldn't bear it anymore. He knew that if this continued, failure would be a matter of time, so a mouthful of bright red blood spewed out from the corner of his mouth, and the bright red blood was purified and evolved into A trace of grey flames!

The gray flame has no masters. It was just born from the blood, and it is like a child after waking up from a deep sleep, looking for targets everywhere!

"Go!" But the next moment, the undead Mingque directly controlled the gray undead fire to attack Qin Tian!

"Holy Flame?"

"How is that possible?" Qin Tian saw the traces of gray flames, and immediately felt an unprecedented fear!

Qin Tian has the Holy Flame in his body, so he is extremely sensitive to the Holy Flame. The gray flame in front of him is one of the Holy Flames!

"Boom boom boom!" The gray flame attacked Qin Tian. Although the gray flame was only one meter in size, the space collapsed wherever it passed!

"Join us!" At this moment, Qin Tian didn't dare to be arrogant anymore, and said a few words directly to the people behind him.

Ye Mo and the others heard the words and knew the seriousness of this matter, so they directly controlled the Dragon Addiction Formation, trying to destroy the gray holy flame!

"Old man Qin Tian, ​​next time we meet, I will kill you!" Undead Mingque watched Qin Tian's people busy dealing with the power of the gray holy flame, and immediately disappeared into the dragon-thirsty formation with a flash!

It's just that the undead ghost bird didn't find it. When he just disappeared, two figures also followed behind him.

"This cunning beast!" Seeing this, Qin Tian couldn't help cursing.

"Captain, let's settle this thing first!"

"Although this thing isn't a real holy flame, it's not to be underestimated for us!" After Ye Mo finished speaking, everyone joined forces to fight against this gray holy flame.

However, Qin Tian knew that this fighting spirit had indeed escaped from his hands. When he thought of the duck flying like this, Qin Tian's face became weird!

"Breakthrough!"

"Puff puff!" At this time, the undead ghost bird had already shifted its position and came to a large mountain in the wild land. It was overgrown with trees and weeds. It was obviously a desolate place.

"I can't use the little fire of life and death that I have left, otherwise I won't be able to find it in the future through the source of the fire of life and death in my body." Undead Mingque coughed violently and said Wei Wei.

The one born from the blood just now is indeed the fire of life and death, but to be honest, at best, it can only be regarded as the child fire with the fire of life and death, the real fire of life and death, but What Do Immortals are afraid of, Dou Di strong is afraid to touch the slightest, and it will be wiped out!

"This **** Qin Tian, ​​this time the injury is so serious, it seems that he needs to take good care of himself." The immortal Mingque finished slowly, and sat down cross-legged, ready to adjust his breath.

"who is it?"

"Get out!" Just when the Undead Might Sparrow was about to adjust his breath, he suddenly felt that there was something behind the rock in front of him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The next moment, a black robe slowly walked out from behind the rock, and then appeared in front of the undead ghost.

"Undead Mingque, you really can't find a place to step through the iron shoes." The black-robed man walked out slightly, clapping his palms, and his voice was full of laughter.

"A person from the ghost world?" The undead Mingque snorted coldly when he saw this, but he felt an extremely eerie and eerie aura from the black-robed man in front of him!

The evil people outside the realm are extremely evil, while the ghost world is eerie!

"Hand over your fighting spirit power." The black-robed man slightly took off a heavy ruler behind his back, and then said to the undead Mingque.

"This guy has such a mysterious aura, and even I can't feel his strength."

"This time..."

"I'm in trouble..." Immortal Mingque forced the pain in his body to suppress the pain, staring at the black-robed man in front of him.

At this time, the heavy ruler in the hands of the black-robed man exudes an even more sinister aura!