Chapter Vol 4 2223: ready!

"But the great power of the patriarch of the fire elves shouldn't be..."

After Xiao Yan heard this, his head sank, as if this scene was far beyond his control.

"In the long years to come, the fire elves have been slow to have a new patriarch because they lacked the patriarch's token, but the countless powerhouses who entered the elves' lair for retreat showed no signs of awakening, and even used the clan's secret technique to call To no avail."

"The Great Elder had to lead by example and broke into the elf's lair alone, but found that the elf's lair had already become smoky, and even discovered the evil power in the patriarch's body, and controlled the evil-minded monster with his own power, and only made the elf's lair. Many of the powerhouses escaped the catastrophe."

"But because of this, the Great Elder is also deeply trapped in the elf's lair, using his body as a seal to suppress evil spirit monsters, but he himself is in a dilemma." Ma Lin continued.

"What kind of strength is the Great Elder?"

Xiao Yi was quiet for a while, then frowned and said suddenly.

"The strength of the Great Elder has reached the peak of the quadruple reincarnation order."

Yao Lao Gui replied, his voice was also full of seriousness.

"The peak of reincarnation?"

Xiao Yi was puzzled.

"The division of strength of the reincarnation level can only be known if you reach the reincarnation level. It is reasonable for you not to know."

"The division of the reincarnation level, each level is the quasi-reincarnation level, the reincarnation level, and the peak of the reincarnation level. The difference between each level seems to be very small, but the gap can be said to be very different."

"According to normal human beings, three first-level quasi-reincarnation levels = one first-level reincarnation level = one third of the first-level reincarnation level peak."

"This is the most basic division, regardless of other factors such as strength, fighting qi, fighting skills, etc., but the reincarnation rank can jump out of this system except for a very small number of powerhouses who are strong, and most of the other powerhouses can only follow." Yao Lao The ghost explained to Xiao Yi and the two like a teacher.

"So the so-called reincarnation has so many levels."

Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan said in relief at the same time.

"The reincarnation level is not only the absolute control of one's own strength, but also the perception of one's own reincarnation in several lifetimes. It is profound and mysterious about the laws of heaven and earth, and the perception and participation of creatures in the vast world."

Second Elder Ma Lin said, obviously, the power of reincarnation cannot be explained with just a few words.

"By the way, if this time the things that have troubled our fire elves need to go deep into the elves' lair, what is the strength of the two seniors?"

This is the most concerned issue right now.

"I am the fourth-level reincarnation level strength, the main attack, and Yao Laogui is the third-level reincarnation level peak strength, mainly cultivating the medicine soul, this time we will take the two of you to the elves' lair, hoping to use the holy flames on you two. The fire will help us completely solve the problems that plague our elves."

"In that case, there will be enough time for you to be canonized."

The two looked at each other and said solemnly.

"Two seniors, the reincarnation seal at the center of Xiao Yi's eyebrows is also rooted in the elf's lair?"

"And... holy flame?"

At the moment when everyone was talking, Xiao Yan also replied smoothly as before, got up and asked.

"There is indeed a holy flame in the elf's lair, but that holy flame consumed too much of its origin in the first world war. Now that we have passed the scene of the evil spirit monster, it is difficult for us to say what the situation is."

"I'm afraid you need to enter it and deal with the evil spirit monster."

When Xiao Yan asked about this, Second Elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui had extremely ugly expressions on their faces.

Although the holy flame is extremely precious, compared with the elf lair of the huge fire elves, the latter is undoubtedly more important.

"Second brother."

Xiao Yi did not answer hastily, but stayed quietly beside Xiao Yan.

A quadruple reincarnation rank and a triple reincarnation rank peak powerhouse are both troublesome, and even the 4th rank peak strength of the great elder can only be incarnated as a seal, which is enough to show that the strength of this evil mind monster is unfathomable, Xiao Yan Xiao Yi was already very satisfied that she was able to risk such a risk to claim the status of the next king for herself.

Xiao Yi is arrogant and arrogant, so naturally she will not take the initiative to ask Xiao Yan, and the current situation is indeed not optimistic.

"You can give it a try. After all, as the masters of holy flames, it is our duty to eliminate evil forces."

"And no matter what, there are two seniors sitting here."

Xiao Yan smiled and looked at the two seniors, the implication was very obvious.

"I really didn't see you wrong."

"Xiao Yi, your brother has made a lot of friends."

"If Xiao Yan's little friend helps us relieve this catastrophe on this trip, the entire Fire Elf family is willing to form an alliance with the Endless Fire Territory forever."

The second elder Ma Lin was a little dazed because of Xiao Yan's lofty ambitions, and after a while, he looked at Xiao Yan with admiration in his eyes.

Xiao Yan was able to defeat the two princesses with the strength of the first-level reincarnation. The talent and strength were appalling, but the elders and monsters of evil thoughts were not comparable to such princesses who had been in high positions for a long time.

Whether it is strength or the power of decisive attack methods, they are far superior to the two princesses.

It's a pity that although Second Elder Ma Lin sent someone to inquire about Xiao Yan's details, he didn't know that Xiao Yan was a member of the Xiao family, otherwise it would be a different look now.

"Now that you're ready, let's go."

Xiao Yan said eagerly, with a bright light flashing in his eyes.

"The two of you are too weak, we are worried, so before entering, we need to do some preparations."

Second Elder Ma Lin suddenly looked at Yao Lao Gui who was beside him, with a playful look flashing in his eyes.

"Humph!"

Yao Laogui's face shook abruptly, and then his eyes kept rolling, and there were signs of leaving in a blink of an eye.

"What time is it, are you still mother-in-law?"

Second Elder Ma Lin said that he ruthlessly yelled at Yao Lao Guidao in front of the two juniors.

"You knew that you were blackmailing me..."

Yao Laogui was so drunk by Second Elder Ma Lin that he pouted his lips in dissatisfaction, and reluctantly pulled out two exquisite stone boxes from the back of the desk.

"Oh?"

"What is this?"

When she saw these two stone boxes, the elf power in Xiao Yi suddenly became restless, as if she was desperate to devour the contents of the stone boxes.

"This is the elf seed. It can give the two of you temporary reincarnation-level strength Although the duration is not long, it is enough to give you some survivability during this operation."

Yao Laogui looked at the stone box and said with a painful expression.

"Hehe, senior, such a good thing..."

Xiao Yi suddenly looked at Yao Laogui with a smile on her face, which made this guy have a bad feeling.

"Cut, this thing is something that can only be condensed by reincarnation powerhouses who consume the source of elves. Who would spend the source of energy to get this thing?"

Yao Lao Gui rolled his eyes.

"Now that you're ready, let's go."

"This matter belongs to our fire elves' top secret."

Second Elder Ma Lin looked at the two of them and urged them immediately.

"go!"

Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan alone put away a stone box, and immediately, under the leadership of the two seniors, the four of them quietly came to the wooden house at the top of the Ancient Tree of Life.

The wooden house is quite small and looks very simple, but the whole space is filled with a thick atmosphere of vastness.

"An ancient land..."

At this moment, the Emperor Yan Ring, which had been silent for a long time in Xiao Yan's body, also quietly became restless.

That feeling is as eager as seeing his long-lost lover.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: