Chapter Vol 4 1540: Xiao Yan shot!

Just when Luo Menglan hesitated, the ice demon swordsman's glacial sword intent turned into a bundle of shocking cold energy, and the bearer's majestic aura of death instantly came to Luo Menglan's side.

Luo Menglan's breathing became serious for a while, and just wanted to use the defense, but was unable to do so. Obviously, her ice attribute fighting qi was not as good as that of the ice demon swordsman. Now, under the influence of this guy, it has been quite difficult to display the fighting qi.

"Get out of the way!" Just when Luo Menglan realized that things had exceeded his expectations, a rushing voice emerged from his side. Suddenly, Xiao Gui was filled with extremely strong ghost energy, and then his body moved suddenly, coming to his side in an instant, and then his hands He suddenly pushed Luo Menglan, but instead his body collided with the ice demon swordsman's glacial sword energy!

Glacier Sword Qi!

This is the signature of the ice demon swordsman. It condenses the ice attribute fighting energy into a long beam of energy, which is covered with boundless cold air. That aura is terrifying, and it can easily kill three-star fighting immortals like Xiao Gui and the others. Complete strength.

"Boom!" No matter how tyrannical Xiao Gui's ghost qi was, facing the ice demon swordsman's glacial sword qi beam, he was defeated in an instant. After a while, Xiao Gui's face became extremely ugly, and after a while, With a loud noise, Xiao Gui's attack was also directly defeated.

"Hey!" A startled sound emerged, and Xiao Gui immediately pushed Luo Menglan's figure back. Immediately, the ghost energy on his body disappeared, and the ferocious glacier sword energy suddenly hit his left arm. emanated from the arm.

"What a weird glacier sword energy." Being hit by such a blow, Xiao Gui forcibly gritted his teeth, glanced at Luo Menglan, found that this guy was fine, and immediately grinned at him, but there was no injury on his hand. too worried.

"You!" Seeing this, Luo Menglan hurriedly scolded. It was this time, Xiao Gui didn't take a good look at his injuries, but instead smiled at himself, and immediately became angry, because she suddenly found that the left arm The traces of cold air above, if not dealt with in time, I am afraid that there will be future troubles.

"Shabu!" Xiao Gui's left arm, which was attacked by the glacier sword energy, burst out with astonishing cold air, like a cold abyss, shocking people's hearts.

"Glacier Sword!" For a moment, seeing the two humans in front of him contempt him so much, the ice demon swordsman snorted coldly, and immediately raised the white jade ice sword in his hand, trying to obliterate the two with the power of thunder.

"This guy." Seeing this, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the dark, was also unable to shake his head. Obviously, based on Xiao Yan's perception, he clearly knew that this guy Xiao Gui should have some interest in Luo Menglan, and he would not let go, otherwise he would use his strength to deal with it. Although a four-star Fighting Immortal-level ice demon swordsman is difficult, it is far from being so embarrassed.

However, now that the ice demon swordsman, who is as strong as the four-star fighting immortal level, uses such a tyrannical attack, Xiao Yan naturally cannot sit back and ignore it. Appeared on the frozen lake.

"Humph!" The ice demon swordsman just shot, the dazzling power of ice spread out along the ice sword, and was about to obliterate the two in a blink of an eye, but was instantly smashed by a red heavy ruler, and his eyes couldn't help but face it. Look elsewhere.

"A four-star fighting immortal powerhouse against two three-star fighting immortals is a bit too deceiving." The figure in the black robe slowly appeared, and above the black robe, flames lingered, even in this extremely low temperature area, that flame is also Jumping as fast as a elf, it was not affected at all.

"Big... big brother." The Xiao Gui below was ready to work hard, but when he saw Xiao Yan, he couldn't help but feel a little moved from the corner of his eyes. Obviously, just after Xiao Yan appeared, the power of his bloodline sensed a touch of intimacy. Therefore, even if Xiao Yan was wearing a black robe, he recognized him at a glance.

"Death!" The ice demon swordsman did not have too much intelligence, he was like a walking corpse, staring at Xiao Yan with resentment, his surging killing intent was accompanied by bursts of white icy vindictiveness, suddenly his feet were the center, slowly spread out.

"never mind."

"This thing will be cheaper for them." Xiao Yan glanced at the mysterious treasure below the frozen lake, and immediately shook his head.

"But this guy should be able to let me break through... I just have to lead it out, so as to create some atmosphere for these two guys, hehe." With an idea in his heart, Xiao Yan suddenly did not hesitate, the huge Yi Huo Heng in his hand The ancient ruler surrounded him, and a trace of extremely tyrannical flames permeated from the body!

"Seventh layer breaking the sky!" With a cold snort, the heavy ruler in his hand suddenly waved, no matter the three, seven or twenty one, there are seven flame giant rulers, and suddenly whistled away at the ice demon swordsman!

"Boom!" The seven giant flames just filled the air, and the temperature of this icy area suddenly increased a lot.

"Xuuuu!" The ice demon swordsman saw this, the corners of his eyes loosened, and a hint of vigilance emerged. The flame on Xiao Yan's body was not an ordinary fire.

"Old guy, get out of here!" A loud shout rang out, and Xiao Yan's figure disappeared like a ghost. The next moment he appeared in Du, he came to the ice demon swordsman, with Yi Huoheng on his palm. The ancient ruler was put away in an instant, and bursts of fiery red flames condensed the palm of the hand, and suddenly hit the body of the ice demon swordsman!

"Crash!" The ice demon swordsman's human-like body was hit by Xiao Yan like this The ice cubes on his body also slowly fell off. Obviously, Xiao Yan's such a blow caused a lot of damage. At that time, a chilling meaning appeared on the ice demon swordsman.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan's flames are extremely arrogant and true, but after all, he is only the strength of the middle stage of the three-star Dou Xian, while the Ice Demon Swordsman is the real four-star Dou Xian early stage, and this is its territory. With an angry roar, accompanied by its tyrannical power, it burst out.

"Boom!" A roar sounded, and immediately above the body of the ice demon swordsman, circles of terrifying white cold air suddenly emerged. At the same time, Xiao Yan's body was suddenly struck by such a dazzling ice battle qi. With a shock, it was directly knocked several meters away.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's face changed greatly, and he didn't have time to hesitate. The explosive technique was directly deployed, turned into a meteor, and went directly to the periphery, but the ice demon swordsman did not notice that the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth was above the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth. , with a slight smile.

"Shabu Shabu!" The ice demon swordsman seemed to be completely infuriated by Xiao Yan's actions. The dignified ruler of this ice and snow world was so embarrassed by the flames of a human being. He suddenly moved and directly caught up with Xiao Yan. Looking at this appearance, it was astonishing that he wanted to obliterate Xiao Yan to defend his dignity.

"This?" With the departure of the black-robed Xiao Yan and the ice demon swordsman, the frozen lake would also be at peace, leaving Luo Menglan who couldn't believe what was happening in front of him and Xiao Gui who had an injured arm.