Chapter Vol 2 754: Devour, compress!

"Gulu gulu!" Xiao Yan closed his eyes and rested. When the soul power in his body reached saturation, a strange sound came out of his body. With the appearance of this sound, Xiao Yan knew that it was time, and immediately opened his eyes.

"It seems that he is bound to win this promotion." The soul clone on the side spoke rather sharply.

"Start!" The real body Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then the dazzling power of holy flame suddenly burst out!

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling power of holy flame was just born, and he immediately wrapped Xiao Yan's palm holding the silver-white soul stone tightly, as if checking, burning the soul stone over and over without a trace. dimmed slightly.

"Good guy, you are so careful." The soul avatar was immediately surprised.

The reason why Xiao Yan did this was to prevent someone from doing anything in this soul stone. After all, this soul stone is an important thing related to the spiritual palace in the future, so it is not possible to be careful.

Otherwise, once someone does something in the soul stone, it will undoubtedly be a great threat to the establishment of the spiritual palace in the future. With Xiao Yan's character, this kind of thing will definitely not happen.

"Soul power, come out!" Xiao Yan saw that this soul stone was checked by his holy flame power and found nothing wrong, so he immediately calmed down and urged the soul power in his body to vent it towards the soul stone in his palm!

"Crash!" The invisible soul force was like a stream of water, directly emerging from Xiao Yan's soul sea, and then under the constant compression of Xiao Yan, it went towards the soul stone on the palm of his hand.

"Come out for me!" Xiao Yan shouted angrily.

Just when he mobilized his soul power, he found that there was such a trace of soul power that he didn't want to come out of his soul realm, as if he knew something. Seeing this, how could Xiao Yan bear it? After all, he was also the master of this soul power.

With Xiao Yan's firmness of heart, the soul power was nowhere to be seen, and was directly condensed into the silver soul stone in front of him by Xiao Yan.

"Huhu." After a while, Xiao Yan felt that all the soul power in his soul realm had been expelled. He nodded with satisfaction and then stared at the soul stone in his hand.

"Now my soul power is all in this soul stone. If I fight people in the future, I'm afraid I can use this thing as a trump card. Although the price is too high, it is still a good thing." Xiao Yan laughed.

He could clearly feel the shocking fluctuations from the soul stone. The soul power contained in the fluctuations was a small perfection at the emperor's realm, and he would undoubtedly kill a real seven-star fighting emperor!

"I didn't expect to compress the soul power so smoothly." Xiao Yan seemed to say something in surprise, and immediately turned the silver soul stone over.

According to what Ye Meng said, it is not easy to compress the power of the soul. How could he think that Xiao Yan would be so relaxed, but I am afraid that Xiao Yan himself does not know that his soul power is extremely pure, so it is very simple to compress it. After all, Xiao Yan's soul The power has swallowed up a lot of the soul source collected by the soul clan, so in terms of purity, I am afraid that no one can match it.

"It's time to swallow it." Xiao Yan murmured, and then without hesitation, he directly lifted the soul stone in his hand, and then the power of the khaki holy flame emerged.

"If it's like what Ye Meng said, swallowing the soul stone is the same as swallowing the holy flame, then what I need to do now is to wrap the soul stone with the power of the holy flame. Then, it will be the most important breakthrough." Xiao Yan said in his heart. Wei Wei thought.

"Devouring!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's holy flame power suddenly gathered towards the silver soul stone, with a terrifying aura that was overwhelming.

"Boom boom boom!" The power of the holy flame just touched the soul stone, and the soul stone vibrated at first, and then became restless, as if it knew that the power of flame was trying to devour itself!

Immediately, the soul stone was no longer quiet and rose up to resist.

"Shabu!" At the same time, Xiao Yan found that his soul power in the soul stone suddenly lost contact, and then his soul power that had been compressed in the soul stone seemed to be used by the soul stone!

"This soul stone is really restless." Xiao Yan said with a fierce look in his eyes, and suddenly felt an extremely terrifying pressure from the silver soul stone. This pressure is naturally familiar to Xiao Yan, because this pressure is his own. The soul power of the emperor realm level Xiaocheng, but his soul power is being controlled by the soul stone at this time, fighting against his own holy flame.

"Emperor's realm-level Xiao Chenggong's soul power is powerful, but compared with my holy flame, it's nothing short of nothing."

"so……"

"Break it!" Xiao Yan's voice was filled with the irresistible force of a scorching flame, which suddenly intensified, and then whistled away at the soul stone!

"Uuuuu!" The soul stone also realized that Xiao Yan's enormous power of holy flame was not something he could resist, and immediately became weak, and his weak voice seemed to beg for mercy.

"Wouldn't it be better to do this earlier?" Xiao Yan felt the retreat from the soul stone, and immediately laughed.

The terrifying offensive he had just made had finally frightened the soul stone, but now the soul stone does not dare to have the slightest dissatisfaction with himself.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan paused for a few seconds before speaking.

As soon as the voice fell, the silver-white soul stone on the palm of the hand flashed and turned into a stream of white light. Under the cover of Xiao Yan's earthy yellow holy flame, it poured into Xiao Yan's body. !

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the soul stone poured into Xiao Yan's body, an extremely strong sense of rejection was born in Xiao Yan's body. That feeling, it seemed that something in his body was resisting the entry of the soul stone.

"What the **** is it!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but snorted coldly, and then his eyes became slightly vigilant.

If you keep going like this, when your vindictive qi is exhausted, you will probably die, so you can't just sit still like this.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Soul stone, let me in!" Xiao Yan endured the pain and directly raced the soul stone into the soul realm. Only then did Xiao Yan feel that the state of his body had stabilized.

"I don't know what kind of power it was just now, but it's really powerful." Xiao Yan gave a false alarm, and then said without danger.

As for the mysterious power that just resisted the soul stone from entering the body, it came from the evil soul-devouring talisman, but Xiao Yan didn't find it.

"Next, it's time to make a breakthrough." After doing everything, he compressed the soul power into the soul stone, and the soul stone was swallowed into his body, and he smiled suddenly.

"Give me a breakthrough!" The next moment, Xiao Yan said slowly in this small space, and Xiao Yan's soul power was slowly dispersed from the soul stone in the soul realm.

ask for a ticket