Chapter 53: The pride of the 7 big cities!

"Boom boom boom!"

Everyone just saw the terrifying sound waves converging into a terrifying fighting spirit that emerged from the six people next to the white figure, attacking the many strong men in the hall.

The fighting spirits from all directions slashed viciously towards the people who broke into the hall, bringing up a hundred meters of light, and the gravel in the air could not help being shaken by this powerful force. The terrifying power contained in it, Even the powerhouses at the peak of the Samsung Dou Emperor would not dare to resist alone!

Seeing this terrifying scene, many experts in the hall hurriedly took action. They are also clear that since they have entered the final hall, only if the seven guardians in front of them are solved first, then the immortal-level fighting skills and the more precious creation will have a chance to compete, otherwise all the competition before that It's all just nonsense!

The crowd exudes domineering fighting qi that is colorful and colorful, and the fighting qi soaring to the sky gathers into a huge wall of light standing in front of everyone, trying to resist the terrifying fighting qi attacking from the hall!

"Bang bang bang!"

The terrifying Sonic Dou Qi viciously hit the wall of light that gathered everyone's huge Dou Qi, and the two forces were stalemate, as if there were bursts of harsh sounds.

"Fire Killing Palm!"

"Break it for me!"

Wu Huan also looked at the two beams of light that were stalemate, and couldn't help frowning and shouting!

Immediately, he stimulated his whole body with fighting qi, and the amazing aura also burst out at this moment!

This martial arts is also clear, as long as someone intervenes in this stalemate beam of light, it will definitely shatter!

The wall of light formed by the terrifying sonic attack and the huge fighting spirit shattered instantly.

Everyone also knows that now, just like in the formation, everyone is a grasshopper on a rope. Only by defending against these seven guardians can they have a chance to think about other things.

Seeing the crisis contact of this sonic attack, everyone in the hall slowly raised their heads and looked towards the seven figures above the hall.

Above the main hall, seven figures stood in a row.

At the top of the main hall is a bone-like skeleton and a seemingly ordinary coffin.

Looking down the hall, on the stone steps under the Throne of Skeletons, there is a figure in white clothes. If you look closely, the man in white clothes looks like a middle-aged person. He can't feel a trace of fighting spirit all over his body. The presence.

Wearing white clothes, his back turned to Xiao Yan in the hall, and then he slowly raised his head and looked at the place on the throne that had long since become a skeleton, his eyes full of deep admiration.

Dressed on the stone steps under the white clothes, six burly figures stand under the white clothes, showing a figure-eight shape. The strange thing is that these six people are facing Xiao Yan and they are standing fixedly, as if waiting for the general. Just like the soldiers who ordered it, there was a killing intent in his eyes!

The eyes of the people in the hall also widened at this moment!

Because, the people in front of you are completely different from the stone sculpture just now, and now they are no different from ordinary people!

"Damn!"

Seeing this, Wu Huan couldn't help but scolded secretly, he finally practiced for many years, and now his strength is small and achieved, Wu Huan, who originally planned to show his strength in this ruins, also has a feeling that a clever woman can't cook without rice!

Even with the powerful strength of the Wuhuan Sanxing Dou Di in the late stage, Dangdang felt powerless in the face of any of those six people, not to mention the mysterious powerhouse in white!

But Wu Huan didn't have the slightest sign of flinching, staring viciously on the stone steps.

"Damn!"

Feng Yi also squeezed her crystal-like jade hands, and the colorful dress behind her also added a few different colors at this moment!

"Damn it! The information is wrong!"

The living undead who exuded a strong sense of death all over also looked at the huge lineup on the stone steps in front of him and couldn't help feeling a little uneasy in his heart.

Even if all the people in the main hall do their best, I'm afraid it will be quite difficult to deal with these six people, not to mention that mysterious white-clothed one!

"This is just right to temper my sword!"

A young man in a gray robe had a black cloth wrapped around his eyes, which invisibly exuded an astonishing and frightening aura, but this couldn't hide the thick fiery in the eyes of the gray-robed man!

Before the grey-robed man could finish speaking, one hand slowly touched the black sword behind him, and the other hand slowly touched the black cloth on his forehead and eyes!

This appearance is obviously a place where you can really hone your sword, so how could the man in gray robe back down?

"Hehe, Xiaohan, are you scared?"

On the tender shoulders of a delicate girl, an ice-blue bird was looking at the terrifying people on the stone steps, but the bird just heard the words of the delicate girl, and an astonishing chill emanated from the bird. , as if to signal to the girl that she is not afraid at all!

"This is the real ruins!"

"Hahaha!"

A figure stood still, his body was burly, like an iron tower, his eyes were also swept away with a fierce look at the six paths above the stone steps, the blood in his body was boiling a lot, and his eyes were also full of thick of war!

"It's much more interesting now."

A long black dress highlighted the woman's slender and graceful figure. was slender and plump, and the curve alone was enough to attract the attention of the hall.

Wucheng Wuhuan, the late Samsung Dou Di!

Fengleicheng Fengyi, the middle stage of Samsung Dou Di!

The Ginseng Market of the Living Dead in Yanwang City, the late Samsung Dou Di!

Sword King City King Bell, the middle stage of the Three Star Dou Di!

The demon of the snowy family, the late Samsung Dou Di!

Liu Yin, City of Ten Thousand Beasts, the middle stage of the Three Star Dou Di!

Berserker Sun Ming, late Samsung Dou Di!

Gathering all the heaven's favored people near Qingcheng, they expressed their attitude at this moment!

"Yueru, you will follow me when the war begins. There are many dangers in this ruin, but it will not be as simple as this simple guardian." Xiao Yan looked at the strength of the seven people in front of him, and also felt that these seven people He was indeed worthy of being the proud son of heaven, but Xiao Yan didn't mean to be afraid at all.

"Yeah." Yueru also gently agreed, and then her slender jade hand stroked her forehead, as if something was ready to go.

The other people in the hall also looked at each other in dismay. One looked at the other and stood out in front of the seven people. They were obviously thinking about something.

"In that case, let's fight."

The remaining Alchemist Association and some sects in the hall shouted after thinking.

Obviously, after a short period of thinking and weighing, the rest of the people who did not express their opinions are also clear that since they have all come to the treasure, how can they return empty-handed?

They all know that as long as they can defeat these guardians, they will naturally get the Immortal Rank Fighting Skill.

The seven favored sons of Heaven near Qingcheng were already familiar with each other. After a brief glance at each other, Wu Huan took the lead and shouted!

"In that case, let's fight!"