Chapter 5: inherited! A real burnout!

In the wide stone gate, several figures stand in it.

"The real Fen Jue!" All Xiao Yan's achievements in Dou Qi Continent are inseparable from Fen Jue's cultivation technique. Although it is inseparable from his own efforts and perseverance, who can say that there is no Fen Jue such as heaven and hell? the credit?

"miss!"

"Master, please enlighten me!" Although Xiao Yan still didn't know what the master's so-called real Fen Jue was, he was in this unfamiliar new continent. Only strength is the best guarantee, and since he has to resurrect his ancestors to find his clan and his lover, strength is the most important thing, so Xiao Yan agreed without thinking.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan saw that there was a mysterious scroll in Tuoshe Gudi's hand suddenly for no reason. Through the scroll, Xiao Yan felt the strange fire in his body and even the things deeper in his body became more restless. All of this seems to be caused by the scroll in front of him.

"Master, this is this?" Xiao Yan asked while holding back the strong shock in his heart, thinking that his master Tuoshe Gudi would definitely not harm him.

"This is the real Burning Judgment." Tuoshe Gudi said plainly.

"The real Fen Jue?" At this time, Xiao Yan's heart was extremely shocked! When he was still in the Dou Qi Continent, a trace of his soul left behind in the Dou Qi Continent said that he was able to achieve this achievement because of Fen Jue, and Tuo She Gu Di had said before in Dou Qi Continent that even if he was I don't know who created the Burning Jue! Now Emperor Tuoshe is taking out another scroll called Burning Jue! How could Xiao Yan not be surprised!

"No wonder the strange fire in my body is so restless! No, it should be the Fen Jue in the deepest part of my body to be more accurate!" At this moment, Xiao Yan felt that the Fen Jue in his body had seen it. When I saw the Fen Jue in the hands of the ancient emperor Tuo She, I felt that the Fen Jue I cultivated was like a broken map, and the master seemed to have the most complete one!

"Does it feel incredible?" Ancient Emperor Tuoshe stared at Xiao Yan with a smile, as if the latter's every move and even the thoughts in his heart were all seen by the ancient emperor Tuoshe.

"The trace of soul left in Dou Qi Continent was left when I was just promoted to Dou Emperor. You only inherited my flame power, but did not inherit this complete cultivation technique. After ten thousand years, the memory of the clone and The cognition is only retained before I was promoted to Dou Di, and because it has been too long, I know relatively few things."

"I am now, but I am the most complete soul force left in this world before I fell asleep." Ancient Emperor Tuoshe said slowly to Xiao Yan.

What Emperor Tuoshe said was so clear, Xiao Yan understood it all at this time! Why did the ancient Tuoshe look like he was hesitant to speak when he accepted the inheritance in the Tuoshe Ancient Emperor Cave Mansion, it turned out that his memory was incomplete!

The trace of the soul avatar of the ancient emperor Tuoshe in the ancient emperor's cave on the Dou Qi continent only recorded the memory of the ancient emperor Tuoshe himself on the Dou Qi continent, so he didn't reveal too much to Xiao Yan at that time, because there was no way to talk about it. After all, the memory is incomplete and there is no way to talk about it without the memory of the New World.

After that, the ancient emperor Tuoshe broke through the Douqi continent and entered a new plane. All memories were not retained on the soul avatar of the Douqi continent. The ancient Tuoshe in front of him was left by the ancient Tuoshe who experienced the new continent. ! Know a lot of unknown secrets!

"Okay, hurry up, come over and feel the burning decision in my hand carefully." Ancient Emperor Tuoshe looked at the disciple in front of him with a smile. The information returned from the soul power on the Dou Qi Continent was very optimistic about this inheritance. Xiao Yan, the disciple who took up his mantle, nodded towards him quite satisfied.

Staring blankly at the illusory black scroll in the hands of Emperor Tuoshe Gu, Xiao Yan licked his tongue and said with a smile, "Although I don't know what will happen in the future, I really have a fate with you."

After speaking, Xiao Yan raised a bright smile on his delicate face, without hesitation, he took the black scroll in the slightly moved eyes of Emperor Tuoshe.

Just as the palm touched the scroll, a fiery burning sensation came from the palm.

"Huh?" Xiao Yan looked at the ancient emperor Tuoshe in confusion. Although Xiao Yan had already devoured several kinds of strange fires, this temperature was no problem, but Xiao Yan was afraid that something would change, so he turned to look at his master.

"Relax, this is Fen Jue checking whether there is any abnormal fire in your body, because the real Fen Jue, abnormal fire is the basic premise of cultivation." Emperor Tuo She obviously saw Xiao Yan's incomprehension and spoke up. road.

On the black Burning Jue scroll, a small flame flew towards Xiao Yan's body at high speed. At first, Xiao Yan felt that this flame was flying around in his body, but as time passed, he felt carefully, It seems that, as his teacher said, he is checking his body!

When the flames drifted into the Nashi that contained the strange fire in his body, he became quiet. At this moment, the secrets in his body were unreservedly made clear by this small cluster of flames!

Knowing the situation, Xiao Yan was not in a hurry, and immediately sat down with his legs crossed, letting the flames probe into his body.

The flames withdrew from Xiao Yan's body after a few minutes, and then the scene of Qiyi happened!

The scroll in Xiao Yan's hand suddenly radiated a dazzling light, and an aura that made Xiao Yan pay homage to it, as if the world was overshadowed by it, burst out from the scroll, and even the ancient emperor Tuoshe and the closing The Golden Dragon King felt the breath and the corners of his eyes were a little wet, and then a message emerged in Xiao Yan's mind.

"This decision is called Burning Jue! It is divided into six realms! One is Burning Jue, burning the foundation! The second is Burning Jue, burning the soul! The third is Burning Jue, burning the body! Four is Burning Heaven! Five is Burning Earth! Six is ​​Burning God's Self Become the world! It is a practice created by the **** with all his strength, and it is the work I am most proud of! The value is immeasurable! Those who obtain this practice seek wealth and danger, a trace of heaven and a trace of hell, hope those who are destined can get it In the event of a catastrophe, it can help the world, remember it." A long and ancient voice slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's mind.

Xiao Yan's eyes stared at the void in front of him, because the so-called founder of Fen Jue had the same rune on his forehead just now, and it was the ancestral mark of his Xiao clan!

"I believe you have also felt the trace of ancestral marks. I can only tell you now that the founder of Fen Jue does have a deep relationship with your Xiao clan, but if you want to find your clan, you must become stronger!" Looking at the end of the meditation, Emperor Tuoshe asked Xiao Yan, who had just opened his eyes.

"I have to figure out what's going on!" Xiao Yan's thoughts were full of thoughts. Before, his Xiao family's Dou Di bloodline suddenly fell, and where did his people on Dou Di Continent go?

Many unknown mysteries still need to be found by oneself. Emperor Tuoshe obviously knew something, but he didn't mention Xiao Yan, so the premise of all this was to have a strong strength.

Xiao Yan sighed with emotion, and Fen Jue, who was deeply imprinted in his mind, thought on his own.

"Indeed, the end is also a new beginning. The Dou Qi Continent we are in can only be regarded as a lower plane. If you have enough strength, you will be promoted to these upper planes. I was also burnt to achieve the current me. I want to come from various residues. You should also know some of the founders of Fen Jue in the dialogue between you and you, and you should call him Shizu!" Ancient Emperor Tuoshe missed looking at the black scroll and bowed silently.

"Master, he must be the most peak existence in this great world, right?" Xiao Yan from the self-created burning decision, this **** claimed to be such words, plus his master's mouth, he could hear some clues , Since his master was also the one who was burnt, the "primitive god" that just sounded in his mind should be the teacher of his master Tuoshe Gudi!

My own master!

"What you are really thinking is that back then I was a flame that was born between heaven and earth, and I had nothing to do with this great world. I just entered the Dou Emperor Continent, and I caused a lot of trouble because I didn't know the rules of this world, but I was fortunate to meet the master, If it weren't for him, I wouldn't be today...cough, it's better that you don't know many things, and you will naturally know when the time is right." Emperor Tuoshe said a few words obviously in awe, with a kind smile on his face. The moistness of the corners of his eyes could not hide his miss for his master, and then he quickly changed his mouth as if Xiao Yan had discovered it.

"Since you have now obtained the complete Burning Judgment, that has fulfilled my wish, and the teacher will have an explanation when he wakes up next time." Emperor Tuoshe Gu sighed deeply.

"But there is one more thing that needs your help, or a mission, but it may be the best way for you to become stronger." Ancient Emperor Tuoshe suddenly looked at Xiao Yan and the Golden Dragon King seriously.

"Master's orders must be obeyed! Master, please say it!" Xiao Yan clasped his fists with both hands and respected the ancient emperor Tuoshe.

"You have to collect holy flames! And the more the better! Because this is related to your Xiao family's bloodline and future wars, it is inconvenient for me to tell you in detail, but Xiaojin will help you."

"Remember, you must not activate and use your clan pattern if your strength has not reached the level of fighting immortals!" Tuoshe Gudi said solemnly.

Indeed, Xiao Yan felt a trace of blood from the fluctuation of Fen Jue, and what the master said seemed true.