Chapter 444: Compress the sea of ​​vindictiveness!

Time passed day by day, and three days passed in a blink of an eye.

With the strength of three days, Tang Tang came to Xiao Yan's residence once and found that the wooden house was shrouded by Xiao Yan's soul power. He didn't say much, but told Wu Yu to be careful and leave here, obviously to get information.

As for the coyote and the lone wolf, they also kept their balances and did not do anything strange. As for the old man Zhuo and Xuanshan, they drank tea and drank every day in peace with each other.

Xiao Yi's words, because of the spiritual connection with Xiao Yan, it is easy to sense Xiao Yan's state at this time.

Mu Yingying was very quiet, because she also knew that this trip to the desert area in the desert of death would definitely not be smooth sailing, and there might even be some crises, but she didn't know why, when Mu Yingying thought of Xiao Yan Tongxing, it seems that the hanging heart has also become stable.

In the wooden house where Xiao Yan was, Xiao Yan sat cross-legged. Sitting in this state would last for three days.

"Huh~" Xiao Yan, who was wearing a black robe, slowly exhaled, and then his dark pupils opened slightly.

At this time, Xiao Yan's breath has soared to the extreme!

Swallowing Dou Di Pill is no joke. Although this kind of emperor-rank second-grade pill is extremely mild, Xiao Yan will not take this risk if he is not fully prepared.

"Come here." Xiao Yan waved his palm lightly, and suddenly the Dou Di Dan, which had been lurking in mid-air, slowly floated towards Xiao Yan.

Emperor Dou was the size of a perfect dragon's eye, white on the outside and red on the inside. At this time, he was being bound by Xiao Yan's huge soul power.

"Susu!" Dou Didan seemed to realize Xiao Yan's intention, and his whole body shook violently, trying to break free from the shackles of Xiao Yan's soul power!

However, Xiao Yan's soul power is at the peak of the emperor's mortal level, so how could he be so easily freed by the Dou Didan?

"Disappear." Xiao Yan's eyes closed, and the next moment they suddenly opened, and at the same time, a vastly different power suddenly emerged!

That is a cluster of fire fighting qi containing twenty-three colors!

The flame fighting energy just appeared, the surrounding space where Xiao Yan was shaking violently, and even some spaces were slightly distorted!

"I don't know why, what is the difference between the new flame that combines the twenty-three colors of different fires compared to the holy flame, I always feel that the holy flame seems to have some connection with the different fire, but I don't know what it is... "Xiao Yan murmured.

"Forget it, let's take the Dou Di Pill first." Shaking his head, Xiao Yan was thinking about the question in his mind, and then turned his attention to Dou Di Pill.

"Humph!"

"Humans, it's really abominable!" A very dissatisfied voice came from the Dou Didan.

"Hehe, Dou Di Pill, you are just a little thought that our alchemist refined and baptized with thunder." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the terrifying flames around him went towards the Dou Di Pill!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Your flame... how is that possible!"

"I'm a second-grade imperial pill, how could I be slowly melted by your hungry flames!"

"What the **** is this flame of yours..." The violent screams kept coming from the Dou Di Pill.

One hour……

two hours...

Five hours!

Finally, the voice gradually disappeared in the Dou Di Pill, and then Xiao Yan saw a trace of white smoke drifting out of the Dou Di Pill.

"Is the mind gone..." Xiao Yan murmured.

As we all know, as long as the medicinal pill reaches the ninth-grade level, it can give birth to spiritual wisdom. As for the imperial medicinal pill, it already has the same spiritual wisdom as human beings, and even worse, it can break away from the shackles of medicinal pills and transform into Humanoids, cultivate like humans!

As for this Emperor Rank 2nd Rank Dou Di Dan, its intelligence is even more terrifying than the previous ones!

It's just that the spiritual thought contained in this Dou Di Pill did not expect that Xiao Yan possessed such a terrifying power of flame!

That terrifying flame is a terrifying flame that combines twenty-three kinds of different fires. Not to mention a trace of spirituality, even the soul can burn into ashes.

"Come." As the spiritual wisdom in the Dou Di Pill was refined and destroyed by Xiao Yan, the Dou Di Pill also lay gently in the package of Xiao Yan's soul power. The mellow Dou Di Pill appeared in Xiao Yan's hands.

"It's really terrifying energy." The Dou Di Pill had just started. The difference from before was that the Dou Di Pill was lying in Xiao Yan's palm calmly at this time, but a gentle feeling kept nourishing Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The fire is coming." Xiao Yan nodded with satisfaction, and then the terrifying fighting qi that contained the power of twenty-three kinds of flames emerged around him!

Flame Dou Qi just emerged, and under Xiao Yan's control, he swept away from the dragon's eye-sized Dou Di Pill in front of him!

The flame enveloped the Dou Di Pill, and the next moment, under Xiao Yan's subtle control, the Dou Di Pill slowly lurked to the corner of his mouth.

"Gulu." He opened his mouth slightly, and then directly took the Dou Di Pill down!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as the Dou Di Pill entered the body, an extremely dazzling power emanated from the Dou Di Pill.

The power is extremely huge and gentle, so Xiao Yan doesn't have to worry about how it will affect his body. The only thing he needs to worry about is how to absorb this power perfectly, so as to break through the Five Star Dou Emperor!

"Shabu Shabu!" At this time Xiao Yan was sitting cross-legged and his eyes were closed, but at this time Xiao Yan, the Dou Di Pill in his throat emitted a dazzling light, and then the dazzling light was continuously absorbed by Xiao Yan's body. The strange fire slowly dispersed, scattered among Xiao Yan's limbs and bones.

In the soul realm, Bai Xiao Yan is slowly cultivating and comprehending the seventh layer of breaking the sky. Seeing this appearance, he immediately secretly said in his heart: "If such terrifying energy is absorbed, it will not be difficult to break through the five-star Dou Di, no wonder it is The Dou Di Dan can be called the second-rank emperor rank."

After Bai Xiao Yan finished speaking, he clearly felt the sea of ​​vindictive energy that was separated from the soul realm surge violently!

Every strong person who is promoted to Dou Di will have something called Dou Qi Sea born in his body!

Dou Qi Sea As the name suggests, it is a place to store Dou Qi!

The area of ​​the Dou Qi Sea largely determines the level of the practitioner's cultivation technique!

And the main purpose of this Dou Qi Sea is only one!

Prepare to attack Dou Xian!

As we all know, Dou Qi cultivation, from Dou Qi to Dou Di, mainly focuses on expanding the Dou Qi whirlpool in the body and increasing the capacity of Dou Qi, but when it comes to Dou Di, it does the opposite!

A Dou Di sea has already been born in the body of a Dou Di strong man, and a Dou Di strong man cultivates by compressing the Dou Qi sea and condensing it into a fist-sized Dou Core!

At that time, it was the breakthrough Dou Di in the true sense and the promotion to Dou Xian...

At this time, as Xiao Yan's body started to burn, the huge flame power continuously divided the Dou Di Pill's energy, and the Dou Di Pill's energy constantly nourished Xiao Yan's limbs and bones.

"The body has almost absorbed it..."

"It's time to attack the Dou Qi Sea!" Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and then milky white light appeared all over his body. The milky white light was the Dou Di Dan scattered into Xiao Yan's body and limbs. It was already saturated at this time. In the absorption, I am afraid that the body will explode and die!

The next moment, with Xiao Yan's shout, most of the remaining power of the Dou Di Pill trembled violently!

Xiao Yan ignored the three-seven-twenty-one, directly compressing and driving the remaining power towards his forehead!

Ask for tickets!