Chapter Vol 4 1523: brief silence

"Damn..."

"The aura in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison is getting more and more evil, is there anything wrong with Xiao Yan..." Sifang City outside Tianming Mountain Villa, the residence of the powerhouses in Dongzhou, at this time a group of outstanding disciples also gathered together , in which Duqifei fidgeted and walked back and forth.

"Stunned..." Duo Tianhong, who was sitting in the first place, just wanted to speak, but he couldn't say anything.

"Sister Qifei, don't worry, my eldest brother is definitely fine." Seeing this, Xiao Gui also spoke slowly.

Following Xiao Gui's voice, the crowd slowly became quiet.

"Crash!"

"What's going on?" After a short while, the magic-suppressing stone in Xiao Gui's hand suddenly burst into a dazzling wave, and everyone suddenly wondered.

"This is... the ranking list?" Mu Ge cast his eyes and couldn't help but question.

"Wait, look!" Looking at the names of the ten people exposed in the air, Xiao Yan's name and points soared from 5,000 to 11,000!

"Big Brother Xiao Yan is definitely fine!" Seeing this dramatic scene, everyone burst into laughter.

"This Xiao Yan is really not a fuel-efficient lamp, it's so dazzling everywhere." Duo Tianhong smiled slowly when he saw this. He naturally knew how difficult it was to get points.

On the other side, inside Tianming Villa.

"Villager, I'm back." In the courtyard where the King of the Underworld lived, Zuo Mu slowly emerged with Xiao Yan in a coma, and suddenly opened his mouth to the inner house. First release https://https://

"Who is this?" After a while, a surprised voice came from the house.

"This guy is the only disciple who remained in the Demon Suppression Prison after the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple broke the seal. It is said that it was for the purpose of breaking the queen." Although Zuo Mu didn't believe it, he still opened his mouth. Feng, many disciples just left the Demon Suppression Prison, and they came to them non-stop to ask for help, and it was strange to say that when they entered the Demon Suppression Prison, Zuo Mu's energy clone was blocked a lot.

And in any case, Zuo Mu would definitely not believe that a guy in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal could actually survive in the hands of a six-star Fighting Immortal-level Poison Temple Demon Empress.

"Cough cough." After a while, Xiao Yan coughed violently, and the corners of his eyes slowly opened.

"Where am I?"

"Am I dead?" Xiao Yan said weakly for a while.

"Squeak." As Xiao Yan woke up, the house suddenly opened quietly, and the body of the Heavenly Pluto slowly walked out.

"Sir." Zuo Mu couldn't help but respectfully said when he saw King Pluto come out.

"Little guy, this is the interior of Tianming Villa, and I am the King of Tianming." The man approaching slowly opened his mouth and looked at Xiao Yan with a smile on his face. It was clear that behind this smile was a huge power hidden, and that power was as tyrannical as that of the Poisonous Demon Empress.

"After the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple broke the seal, the evil aura of the entire Demon Suppression Prison became extremely bright, even I couldn't hold on for long, but fortunately, the Hidden Soul Society and the powerhouse of the Soul Palace fought against the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, I I was lucky enough to get this lord to come." Xiao Yan recalled slowly.

It’s just that this Heavenly Pluto in front of him made Xiao Yan quite surprised, because this day’s Pluto was about the same age as himself, with a handsome face, and with a strong body, he was a handsome young man. How could such a strong man actually be? It would be the Heavenly Pluto with the strength of a six-star fighting immortal, which shocked Xiao Yan quite a bit.

"So that's the case..." As soon as the voice fell, King Pluto nodded slowly.

"Take him down to rest."

"One month later, I will personally take the top ten of this Demon Suppression Prison Contest to the Li Soul Realm," said Heavenly Pluto Zaidu.

"Yes!" As soon as he finished speaking, Zuo Mu slowly took Xiao Yan down to rest.

"This guy has the fluctuation of holy flame, and I always feel that there should be some secrets about this guy. He is really an interesting little guy."

"The Demon Empress of Poison Sha, this time letting you escape is a game. I hope you can bring me some surprises."

"After all, in your Poison Temple family, except for your Poison Temple Demon Empress who survived, the Heaven and Earth Double Poison Temple and other powerhouses have been wiped out. A mere Poison Temple Demon Queen is nothing to be afraid of."

"It would be even better if it could lead to a 'King' level powerhouse! After all, the powerhouses above Li Soul Realm took great pains to find a 'King' level powerhouse, but unfortunately, the whereabouts of this level of powerhouse are too rare. And since the previous World War, the top powerhouses of these extraterrestrial evil races have disappeared." As soon as the voice fell, the Heavenly Pluto also slowly fell silent. starter

Zuo Mu brought Xiao Yan to a rather quiet house, and immediately went to work on other things. Only Xiao Yan stood quietly in the house.

"Crash!" Zaidu cast a soul barrier, and Xiao Yan immediately lay on the bed with a sense of relief.

"The strength of Pluto was good that day, but he was still inferior to the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, and the reason why he is so young is probably related to his cultivation technique." The Soul Eater said.

"It's really a pity that the Demon Empress of Poison Sha escaped, this time." Xiao Yan said lazily.

"I don't think it's that simple."

"In Tianming Mountain Villa, although there is only one six-star Dou Xian, Tian Plu, but there are many five-star Dou Xian. If they intend to be on guard, even if the Demon Queen of Poison Temple has the ability to reach the sky, I am afraid they will not be able to escape."

"That's why the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple can escape so easily. I'm afraid it was their plan. After all, from the beginning to the end, no strong man from Tianming Villa took action. This is not in line with their demeanor." The Lord of Soul Eater analyzed.

"That's right... But these guys, why did they let a six-star Fighting Immortal's Poison Temple Demon Empress go?" Xiao Yan said immediately after hearing this.

"That's unknown."

"Why are you asking so many questions?"

"First adjust the breath in your body, and then try to get the medicine pill and swallowing inflammation technique within this month."

"When the time comes, the trip to Li Soul Realm should be very interesting." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, there was also a trace of fervor in his heart. After waiting for so long, he finally arrived at Li Soul Realm.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words.

Another place, a narrow space in Yinhuntian, this is a broken space crack, and at this time, the weak body of the Poison Temple Demon Empress is slowly appearing here The strong man of Tianming Villa is unexpectedly It's strange that they didn't follow. "The beautiful eyes of the Poisonous Demon Empress are constantly alert to the dangers that may appear in the cracks in this space, but the strange thing is that there is no strong person, which makes her quite uneasy. After all, she and the strong person of Tianming Mountain Villa have already Having played against each other hundreds of times, it is natural to know their vigilance.

"Forget it. It's better to go back first. Although I escaped from the Demon Suppression Prison this time, I sacrificed all the power of my Dusha clan. It's really..." Helplessly, the Dusha Demon Empress did not hesitate, and the speed The skyrocketed, directly facing the space crack.

"Is it the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple?" On the other side, in the space crack, a woman surrounded by a milky white halo slowly spoke. In her voice, there was a tyrannical aura that made the space crack feel uneasy!

The 'king' level powerhouse of the extraterritorial evil race, the demon of light!

This guy did not go in the direction of the Poisonous Demon Empress, but in the direction of Li Hunyu!

Behind the two, a burly man with a monstrous aura turned his eyes hot, staring at the demon of light that had just disappeared in front of him and roared, "It's actually a demon of light?"

"Why do I feel a familiar breath from this guy... This breath is a bit like the long-lost lover of the Demon Emperor, is it an illusion?"

"Forget it, let's go to Li Hunyu to find Xiao Yan first."

After the man finished speaking, he also walked towards Li Soul Realm.

And this man, from the demon world, came to the ghost world thousands of miles to find Xiao Yan, the demon world powerhouse Hei Sha Long Lang who was breaking the seal of the demon emperor.