Chapter 92: Back home!

"Susu, it's better for your Yue family not to intervene in our affairs with this kid, otherwise it will make your Yue family uneasy." The man in the black cloak also said solemnly, because he was at the peak of his four-star fighting emperor. Strength, the moment this burly figure appeared in front of him, he also felt something wrong.

There is only one possibility for this situation!

The burly middle-aged man in front of him is only stronger than him!

"It's not too much trouble." Yue Yu also fell to Xiao Yan's side, and then put her huge palm on Xiao Yan's shoulder. With Yue Yu's strength, she naturally felt that Xiao Yan was injured at this time, although it was not counted. It was serious, but it also reached the place where the lamp was exhausted, and then the majestic and gentle force was irrigating Xiao Yan's body, trying to repair some of Xiao Yan's injuries.

In the battle with Wu Huan, there was not much vindictive energy left in the body, and then in the battle with the black cloaked man, the only remaining vindictive energy was consumed. Feeling this sudden gentle power, Xiao Yan also clicked on Yueyu with understanding. nod.

"Oh, you are really amazing. You have been promoted to the peak of the three-star Dou Di within just a few days. If this girl in my family has half of your cultivation speed, it would be great." Yue Yu briefly contacted Xiao. Yan Hou was also surprised and said, you must know that every level of a Dou Di powerhouse requires huge strength as support. Xiao Yan broke through to the peak of the three-star Dou Di in a short period of half a month. He should have gained that The great fortune in the ruins, otherwise, it is impossible for Xiao Yan to advance in such a short time because of his talent and intelligence.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Yueru glared at her father fiercely, as he talked a lot, and then walked straight in front of Xiao Yan, looking at the large and small wounds on her body, she couldn't help but asked distressedly.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan could also see that Yueru had some ulterior motives, but now it's obviously not about this. The people in black cloaks are still there, and the power of the soul clan should not be small. Xiao Yan obviously doesn't want them to visit the Yue family. This muddy water.

"Don't worry, since you have healed my father, then you are the eternal benefactor of our Yue family, and my father is here." Yue Ru seemed to see Xiao Yan's concerns, and then said.

"This kid can't help but avenge his revenge for hurting Wu Huan. If your Yue family insists on protecting him, then the consequences..." The man in the black cloak sneered, and his meaning was obvious.

"Hey hey, I have long heard that Wu Huan, the proud son of Wucheng, has a character that must be reported, and it is inevitable that there will be damage in the battle. Why did you bring Wucheng out again? I really think that my Qingcheng Yue family is afraid." Yue Yu also spoke slowly, and the majestic Dou Qi also burst out, obviously Cu Ran was not afraid.

Even if he was lifted out of Wucheng, he couldn't suppress the Yue family. The man in the black cloak also cursed inwardly, and then helped Wu Huan, who was seriously injured and dying.

After thinking for a while, he wanted to escape. After all, if Wu Huan's seriously injured body was not treated in time, it was very likely that he would suffer from some kind of disease, and it was obviously very difficult for him to do anything to the head of the Yue family just by relying on his own strength.

"I hope your Yue family doesn't regret today's stupid behavior." The man in the black cloak turned into a dark light and disappeared.

"Bang bang bang!"

When Yueyu heard the words, she also waved her hand, and a terrifying strong wind followed.

"Since that's the case, let's go too. With such a big movement, there should be a lot of people coming to check it out." Yue Yu also looked at Yue Ru and Xiao Yan kindly.

"Boy thanks senior!" Xiao Yan clasped his fists and said gratefully to Yue Yu.

Xiao Yan is also clear that although he helped Yue Yu to get rid of toxins before, if it wasn't for the help of Yue Ru and her father today, he would have been more fortunate than lucky.

This kind of kindness, because of Xiao Yan's character, can't help but feel a little moved.

"Hehe, after so many years, there are not many people who can be so concerned by my girl." Yue Yu also looked at the man in black cloak who had escaped, and did not pursue too much, and returned to joke with Xiao Yan. road.

"Father!" Yue Rudai looked at her father with slightly wrinkled eyes, obviously complaining.

"Okay, okay, I won't say anymore..." Yue Yu was obviously convinced by her little daughter-like behavior.

Xiao Yan was also not easy to answer, so he could only smile to express his gratitude, but he could see that Yue Yu, the father, was very doting on Yue Ru.

"Xiao Yan has suffered such a serious injury, let's go back first." Yue Ru also helped Xiao Yan, and then her lips parted slightly. Although Xiao Yan was busy refusing, the weakness in his body spread throughout his body, so he had no choice but to give up.

"Then let's go." Yue Yu couldn't hold back her daughter, so she followed.

"This Xiao Yan is not only an alchemist who is as high as the first rank of the emperor, but his combat power is not weak at all. He can actually beat Wu Huan like this alone. If it weren't for the black cloak, maybe this Wu Huan would have died in This kid is in his hands, not bad..." Looking at the figures of the two of them leaving, he muttered to himself at the place where the black cloak disappeared just now.

The three turned into three meteors, left the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains, and headed for the Yue Family Mansion.

The three of them had just left on the front foot, and just now Xiao Yan and the others were fighting in the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains, and some people came from the back foot.

"Looking at the fighting qi, it should be the martial arts of Wucheng, but to be able to beat this martial arts like this, I don't know where the genius of evil came out..." A weak figure looked at the still unfinished sight in the air. The completely dissipated fiery red grudges practiced the Dao.

On the shoulders of the weak figure, an eagle with a fierce aura stood impressively The strange thing is that this eagle actually has three eyes...

"It's been a long time since the Lord of the City of Ten Thousand Beasts, how can you come to the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains today?" A bald-headed man also said impressively.

"Hehe, City Lord Mu has not seen you for a long time, aren't you here too?" The weak figure said to the bald man.

"Is there any gain?" The bald head also looked for the exit.

"Let's go, no one is here." After the weak figure finished speaking, the eagle on his shoulders suddenly made a loud chirping, and then its body suddenly enlarged several times, and the weak figure jumped up and stood on it, staying away from it. into the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I really don't know where the people are fighting here. Such a battle is really not small." After speaking, the bald head captured the smell of flames in the air.

"This is..." Grabbing the palm of his hand out of thin air, the faint flame remaining in the air appeared out of thin air in the bald head's hand. Feeling the power of the flame that seemed familiar, the bald head was also trying to remember something.

"Little bastard, I've finally found you!" With a heavy hold of the palm, the faint flames were crushed.

The bald head stared resentfully at the place where he had fought before, and then muttered to himself, "Little bastard, you beat my son so badly that your strength is stagnant, if you let me find you, this time I have to let it go. You are better off dead!"

After the bald head finished speaking, he hurriedly disappeared into the depths of this demonic beast mountain range, as if he had some plans.