Chapter Vol 4 986: dead blood

"Dead blood ghost liquid?"

"What is that?" Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan and Headless Ghost Li's intractable fight for a while, and then asked the two of them.

"Hey, Yingying, you don't know anything about this."

"The cultivation of a strong Dou Emperor is divided into two calamities of life and death. After the six-star Dou Emperor is born, the power of life is born in the body, while the eight-star Dou Emperor has the power of death, and after passing through, the power of death will emerge in the body."

"And this dead blood ghost liquid, to put it bluntly, is prepared for the power of death!"

"If you swallow the dead blood ghost liquid, you may not be able to produce a trace of death power in your body."

"Imagine, a seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse already possesses the power of life in his body. If the power of death appears in his body, if he does it well, the power of life and death will be combined, and I am afraid that the eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouse will not be afraid at all."

"And if you always have the power of death at the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, I am afraid that the power of death born in the future will be even more terrifying." Yan Chi said with a smile.

"Is this undead blood ghost liquid so magical?" Mu Yingying didn't seem to believe it, so she said immediately.

"Of course."

"Look at this headless ghost, the reason why it can have such a tyrannical aura is because it absorbs the blood that devoured a lot of human beings. In addition, this is the ghost world, and most of the ghost worlds are dead ghosts. So naturally it is easy to give birth to dead blood ghost liquid." Yan Chi said with a smile.

"I don't know how many copies can be born on this guy?"

"The four of us, Xiao Yan and Yingying are both needed."

"But even if a copy is born, I am afraid that with Xiao Yan's temperament, it will continue to shine, hehe." Yan Chi grinned.

As soon as the voices of several people fell, the battle between Xiao Yan and Headless Ghost Li was in a heated phase.

"This guy has a very strong defense." Xiao Yan quickly dodged the headless ghost's attack while scrutinizing it in his heart.

Until now, Xiao Yan finally understood the mystery of this headless ghost.

It turned out that his attack hit his body, but it was quietly resolved because of this ghostly energy.

Although Xiao Yan noticed the reason, he looked at the body-protecting ghost qi around the headless ghost Li's body and couldn't do anything about it. This ghost qi looked extremely ordinary, but every time Xiao Yan's attack hit the headless ghost Li, will be deftly resolved, but the headless ghost Li is holding the eerie dagger and attacking Xiao Yan.

"Forget it, I can't wait any longer." Xiao Yan shook his head, then the laziness just now was replaced, and an extremely hot flame slowly emerged.

"Boom." With the emergence of the power of holy flame on Xiao Yan's body, the space suddenly became quiet, even the headless ghost Li was quiet for a while, and the black ghost on his body also exuded a A strong bloodthirsty meaning.

Xiao Yan had just been using the power of life to deal with the headless ghost Li, and Xiao Yan wanted to find out the reason why the headless ghost Li ignored his own attack, so he did not immediately use the thunderous force, otherwise this headless ghost Li was powerful, but Xiao Yan is confident, I am afraid that this guy will not be able to make ten rounds in his own hands.

"Huhuhu." Headless Guili looked at the extremely hot flame on the human body in front of him, and couldn't help but make a very subtle sound, not knowing whether it was fear or what.

"Go to hell." Xiao Yan clenched the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler tightly in his hand, his eyes were bright, and the khaki holy flame wrapped the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler, and an unimaginable heat wave spread slowly.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The first foot!" The next moment, Xiao Yan didn't care what the headless ghost Li had in mind, he just waved it out, they couldn't waste time here.

"Gulu!" Xiao Yan swung out a foot, and the overwhelming heat wave swept away directly at the headless ghost.

How could Headless Ghost Li know that Xiao Yan was so powerful, so he had to put his hands together, exuding a sinister power with his short sword, resisting Xiao Yan's huge flame.

"The power of holy flame has a lot to suppress ghost qi." Xiao Yan smiled when he saw the pressure on the headless ghost soaring, and then he was not ready to hold back, holy flame was emerging.

"Second foot!"

"The third foot!" As the Headless Ghost Li was dealing with Xiao Yan's first foot, Xiao Yan waved two huge flames, and suddenly swept away at the Headless Ghost Li.

"Wufufu!" And with Xiao Yan's overwhelming attack, the headless ghostly aura gradually weakened, and even in the end, the strange black energy surrounding the body surface was dissipated a lot by Xiao Yan Shengyan.

Obviously, the power of holy flame is too powerful to suppress the ghostly and eerie aura.

"Bang bang bang!" The three huge flames met directly on the headless ghost Li, and the headless ghost Li could only support it, but as time passed, the headless ghost Li finally couldn't hold on. , with a sudden sound, the entire body turned into a mass of pitch-black black energy, and then suddenly jumped over Xiao Yan's three giant feet and fled towards the distance.

"Xiao Yan, stop it!"

"This is a good thing!" And just when the headless ghost turned into a pitch-black gas that escaped, Yan Chi suddenly spoke up.

"Don't worry, you can't run away." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard the words, and then his figure disappeared in place like a ghost.

When the next moment appeared, the black qi had just escaped a few hundred meters away, UU reading www.uukanshu. A space whirlpool appeared slightly, and a figure slowly walked out of it.

"Give me condensate!" Xiao Yan stepped out, and then the huge soul power and holy flame power directly wrapped the strange black gas, and a roar resounded through the world.

"Shabu!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the strange black gas suddenly shrunk in size under the attack of Xiao Yan's soul power and holy flame power, and even Xiao Yan could smell it from it. A breath of relief.

When Yanchi and the others saw Xiao Yan's decision, they immediately laughed, and it was time to harvest.

While Xiao Yan and the four were quietly waiting for the strange black gas to compress, a voice that Xiao Yan was very familiar with slowly appeared on a hill not far away.

"It's really bad."

"As soon as I came in, I separated from the big brother and the others."

"Although I don't know how the Xuanling King did it, this blood river has clearly been controlled by our Xuanling royal family. How can such a loss of control still occur?"

"Forget it, this time, the holy flame in the blood river is none other than me, and there are also three holy flames in Yan Chi and Mu Yingying."

"Hahaha."

"However, the mission given to us by King Xuanling is to rescue those things that were suppressed by Shengyan underground, the land of Shengyan, where Yin Tong fell, and what's down there..." A man walked towards him. The man muttered in a low voice, and after speaking, he was attracted by the voice in the sky and looked up.

"Xiao Yan?"

"It really didn't take much effort to get it." The fourth day of the Xuanling Royal Family, the stars, saw Xiao Yan's figure in mid-air and Mu Yingying not far away, the corner of his mouth smiled slightly, A greedy thought slowly appeared in my heart.

Genius for a second to remember the address of this site: .. Mobile version reading website: m.