Chapter 543: The little princess of Tianmuyu?

"Shabu!" Following Xiao Yan's loud shout, the formation scroll in the palm of the hand was instantly released, and then turned into a formation light with a size of dozens of meters, directly covering the Sanye Xianlan and entering !

"Sisi!" As soon as the formation appeared, it caused quite a commotion at the bottom of the lake.

"The secrets in this human body seem to be terrifying." The snake spirit said slightly, with a rare solemnity in his voice.

This Xiao Yan didn't talk about the terrifying flames, adding the strength to kill the evil race outside the realm at that moment and the identity of the alchemist, and now adding this strange formation, today's Xiao Yan, even if he is full of strength The snake spirits at the level of the human seven-star fighting emperor were not confident enough to deal with Xiao Yan.

"But the stronger you are, the better..." Snake Spirit said slightly in his heart.

"Master, can this thing be taken away by this human... Sanye Xianlan is..." The octopus monster spoke slowly, obviously not knowing what his master was thinking.

"Sanye Xianlan is important, but I always feel that something in this mansion is calling me..."

"And I also want to figure out my background." The snake spirit said firmly.

"Master, you already know..." The octopus shuddered when he heard the words.

"Yes." The snake spirit responded, obviously knowing that the octopus monster had concealed something from him, in order to fear that he would go there hastily. After all, the depths of this mansion are extremely terrifying.

"Boom boom boom!" The beam fairy silk vine formation method just appeared, and immediately isolated the space at the bottom of the lake.

"Although I don't know what secrets this three-leaf celestial orchid has, but it is so popular among the outside world, it won't be ordinary if you think about it, so be careful." Xiao Yan just finished speaking, ready to control the beam of fairy silk vine array to launch After attacking, I suddenly found that the three-leaf celestial orchid had a slight change.

The original three-leaf celestial orchid had only three green leaves on the huge root, and the rest of the body was dark and mysterious.

But at this time, the three leaves of the three-leaf fairy orchid slowly spread out, and then three strange colors of light emerged.

"What kind of power is this..." When the three-color power appeared on Sanye Xianlan's body, the snake spirit's pupils suddenly trembled. Obviously, even she could not help feeling the power of the three-color light.

"Damn, this sense of oppression is so strong?" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then he didn't care about anything else, his breath suddenly shook, his spiritual power was constantly mobilized, and coupled with the urging of the core inscription of life, he obviously wanted to subdue this Sanye Xianlan!

"Give me a bunch!" A roar suddenly came out of Xiao Yan's mouth, and then a lot of huge vines suddenly appeared in the bunch of fairy silk vines that had already enveloped Sanye Xianlan!

The vines are as thick as a human thigh and are extremely strong, and with the addition of some means from Xiao Yan, the vines have the power of scorching flames!

"Shabu!" A series of five ink-colored vines suddenly roared towards Sanye Xianlan. If it were normal, under the attack of these vines, the common medicinal materials would have been wiped out.

But this is a three-leaf fairy orchid!

Plants that are comparable to fairy tools, even more amazing and fascinating than fairy tools and elixir!

"I want to see how you can break my attack." After Xiao Yan finished all this, he murmured slightly, and then looked at Sanye Xianlan in front of him.

Although Sanye Xianlan at this time also seemed to realize that someone was plotting against it, so the three-color mysterious light slowly appeared on her body, but although the three-color light was terrifying, it was like a firefly under the beam of fairy silk vines. Fire-like, extraordinarily small!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan controlled five huge vines that entrained the power of flames, they attacked Sanye Xianlan five meters away.

The five huge ink-colored vines were suddenly shattered and turned into shreds of ashes, freely settled in the water at the bottom of the lake.

"What a terrifying power." Although it was only for a moment, Xiao Yan also felt the horror of Sanye Xianlan!

Because of the attack just now, even some real powerhouses in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor may not be able to reach the attack, but this Sanye Xianlan arbitrarily resolved the attack!

Moreover, Xiao Yan's soul power that was different from ordinary people also made Xiao Yan realize that it seemed that Sanye Xianlan didn't use much power at all!

"No, this formation can't trap it." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, obviously as soon as a strong man fought, he knew if there was any.

"What should I do now?" The snake spirit seemed to know Xiao Yan's situation, Wei Wei came to Xiao Yan's side, and immediately spoke.

"Forget it, it's useless to force this thing." Xiao Yan couldn't bear to glance at the Sanye Xianlan.

Although this thing is really tempting, it's not worth losing your life.

"Hey, what's the matter with the light on this snake jade?" Xiao Yan withdrew the beam of fairy silk vines, and then he set his eyes on the snake jade.

At this time, the snake jade, on the chest, the conch is slowly exuding a trace of gentle power, constantly moisturizing the body of the snake jade, and under the moisturizing of the conch, the complexion of the snake jade has returned to calm, even that On the pretty face, a touch of pink poured into it!

"No, this woman seems to be related to that Sanye Xianlan!" The next moment, Long Yi's voice echoed in Xiao Yan's mind like thunder.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After Long Yi mentioned this, Xiao Yan realized that the light on this snake jade was vaguely the same as the light on Sanye Xianlan!

"According to normal circumstances, she should be awake, but I don't know why she is still awake now?" Xiao Yan stared at Snake Jade and found that Snake Jade's breathing and rosy complexion immediately sank~www .mtlnovel.com~ Could it be that the power of this three-leaf fairy orchid is lacking? "The next moment, a bold idea slowly formed in Xiao Yan's heart!

The reason why Xiao Yan has this idea is because the power of this snake jade is so similar to that of Sanye Xianlan!

And now the snake jade has sucked the sound of the sea from its hands, which proves that the snake jade is the last member of the Tianmuyu clan.

According to what Yu Xuan in the Xuanling Emperor Pond said, the last member of the Tianmuyu clan was sealed somewhere in the desert with their special power. The time and place here are extremely suitable. .

"It should be the lack of some power to open the conch."

"This power should be Sanye Xianlan." Xiao Yan analyzed slowly.

"This is a bold idea." When Long Yi heard this, he was a little surprised at Xiao Yan. This kid is always so happy, no wonder he is so admired by the king of the dragon clan.

"Snake Spirit, how long can we stay here?" Xiao Yan turned and asked Snake Spirit.

"Five minutes at most. If you don't leave after five minutes, the pressure here is enough to crush us into powder!" The snake spirit said solemnly. Obviously, the pressure at the bottom of the lake here has been resisted by the snake spirit from the very beginning!

"Five minutes..."

"enough!"

"Give her to me, I think I know why she hasn't woken up yet." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a frenzy appeared in his pupils!

Ask for tickets!