Chapter 582: Strange holy flame crystal!

Mu Feng, Lvdi, Mu Yingying, and Shanyao, Shanling Snake Punishment, there are six people here, all staring at Xiao Yi, Xiao Yan and Yan.

Xiao Yi looked at Yan next to him strangely. The power of holy flame on Yan body made Xiao Yi feel uncomfortable. As for Xiao Yan, she stared at the holy flame crystal with fiery eyes.

Although this holy flame is extremely precious, none of the six have any other ideas, because they know that this holy flame cannot be absorbed so easily.

"Boy, are you ready?" Yan said solemnly, without the slightest laughter.

"Let the horses come here!" He casually glanced at the bloodstain on his chest, and a trace of creeping evil power was constantly moving. Xiao Yan knew the horror of this blood demon's golden energy. Already on the verge of making a move, trying to take root in Xiao Yan's body, and if it breaks out suddenly, Xiao Yan will be killed in an instant!

However, Xiao Yan smiled lightly at this, because Xiao Yan knew that he had the existence of his own masters, the Golden Dragon King and Long Yi. Although this blood demon golden energy was terrifying, it was not incomprehensible.

"Don't worry, after you get the approval of Sheng Yanjing, I will suppress and seal the blood demon gold energy for you. With me, the suppression is not a big problem, not to mention that there are two holy flames here, but if you want to wipe it out completely. Except, there are still quite a few difficulties." Yan said confidently.

"Okay." Xiao Yan agreed briefly.

"Listen, Holy Flame Crystal, it has been a part of Holy Flame since ancient times, or it is not an exaggeration to say that it is the most basic part of Holy Flame."

"Every holy flame has been born since ancient times because of the existence of the law of heaven and earth." Yan said slowly, the majestic voice constantly echoing on the top of the entire desert mountain range.

The Mad Wood Immortal Master has completely dissipated, this place is already the most tyrannical!

"The law of heaven and earth?" Xiao Yan frowned, obviously not familiar with these unfamiliar words.

"The law of heaven and earth does exist, but let alone you, even me, didn't realize it... But these are still too far away for you now."

"The most urgent thing for you now is to improve your own strength. After all, although this holy flame can give you extremely powerful power, at the same time, you will also be targeted by foreign evil races, and other people will not be able to help you at that time, and The aliens are sinister by nature and they have to be guarded against." Yan said in a low voice, every time he mentioned the aliens, Yan's eyes dimmed a little, obviously, even for the aliens, even if they were as powerful as Dou Xian level Yan, also felt Powerless.

"Junior, remember!" Xiao Yan bowed respectfully.

"Take it, I can't tell you more about Sheng Yanjing's secret. All fate depends on you."

"If you don't get the approval of the holy flame crystal... there is no doubt that this holy flame cannot be given to you." Yan suddenly said.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan's heart sank after hearing this, but he still took over the heavy Saint Flame Crystal.

"You little fellows, just practice here, next to Sheng Yanjing, you can also increase your strength." Yan's Wei Wei said.

"En." When the other people saw this, they agreed immediately, and they didn't care about Xiao Yan. They closed their eyes to practice. They also knew that Sheng Yan was not something they could get, so they might as well practice for a while, because here Next to Saint Flame, their increase is also not to be underestimated!

"You can stay here first, I still need to go to several other places in the desert mountain range." Yan finished speaking, the figure disappeared, and the power of the khaki holy flame suddenly erupted.

"Holy flame... I must get it!" Xiao Yan tightly held the holy flame crystal in his hand, and then swore secretly.

Several other people have entered the state of cultivation, but Mu Yingying, who is on the side, has no idea of ​​cultivation.

Mu Yingying bit her lips, as if deciding something.

As for Xiao Yan, holding the holy flame crystal in the palm of his hand, he suddenly felt a piercing heat spread throughout his body!

"Shabu Shabu!" With the appearance of this feeling, twenty-three-colored splendid strange fires appeared to varying degrees on Xiao Yan's backside and above Xiao Yan's body.

Xiao Yan was enveloped by the power of twenty-three different fires, and then his eyes slowly stared at the holy flame crystal, but he felt that the twenty-three different fires that he had fused together were not as powerful as a single holy flame. !

"This thing...how to open it?" Xiao Yan asked secretly in his heart. Apparently, Yan didn't mention the Holy Flame Crystal just now. In addition, Xiao Yan saw it for the first time, so he didn't know how to get the Holy Flame Crystal. Approved.

"This thing... you try it with fire?" Long Yi's miniature figure slowly appeared on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"Go!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he immediately controlled his splendid flames and went towards the fiery red holy flame crystal!

"Boom boom boom!" The splendid power of different fire just touched the holy flame crystal with a turbulent aura, and suddenly the holy flame crystal seemed to be stained with blood, and it was extraordinarily blood red and demonic!

However, the next moment Xiao Yan hesitated, Xiao Yan's splendid power of different fire was instantly swallowed up by Sheng Yanjing!

"What?" Xiao Yan suddenly felt an extreme heat in the palm of his hand, as if the flame that evaporated Xiao Yan suddenly radiated from the holy flame crystal in his hand. Crystal to wrap it up!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the soul power came into contact with Sheng Yanjing, Xiao Yan's soul power was immediately burned into nothingness!

"damn it!"

"What the **** is going on here!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but cursed secretly.

But the next moment, with the loosening of Xiao Yan's palm, coupled with the power of his soul that was burned into nothingness, the blood-red Holy Flame Crystal slowly fell to the ground.

"A mere waste in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, but also wants to subdue me?" A voice containing extremely disdain sounded slowly, and then Xiao Yan saw that the Holy Flame Crystal that had been thrown on the ground was intact, but it was just a holy flame. Beside the flame crystal, blocks of extremely conspicuous rocks are surrounded.

As for the source of the sound, it was behind the rock.

Among the rocks encasing Saint Yanjing, a khaki-yellow rock seemed to have human nature, it slowly opened its mouth, and then said to Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is?"

"The power of Sheng Yanjing?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and an incredible surprise poured into his heart!

As we all know, every holy flame possesses extremely terrifying power, and this holy flame crystal is like the heart of a holy flame, which is extremely important.

"Xiao Yan, wait a moment." Just when Xiao Yan was about to grab the small rock in front of him, Mu Yingying walked up gently.

"Well?" Xiao Yan looked at Mu Yingying in surprise.

"Leave this to me." Mu Yingying laughed softly.

"Yes." Seeing this, Xiao Yan felt helpless to deal with this scene of Saint Yanjing.

"You are also a holy flame?" With the appearance of the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body, an unbelievable voice suddenly appeared on the rock next to the blood-red holy flame crystal!

Ask for tickets!