Chapter Vol 4 2220: Storm Dragon King vs Baxia Dragon King!

"Hoohoho!"

With the appearance of the Tamil energy soul shadow of the Storm Dragon King on Princess Qianqin, and after Xiao Yan exerted the power of the Dragon King, the entire barrier was filled with the sound of dragon roar and roar.

The dragon's roar was loud and bright, and the bright blue light lingered on Xiao Yan's body. The blue light directly penetrated the protection of Sheng Yan's Kaiyi, penetrated and attached to the surface of Xiao Yan's body, and the blue light on the skin and hair was slowly outlined. The appearance of the thick dragon pattern like a tortoise shell under the tyrant, the terrifying aura of Xiao Yan was amplified and suffocated!

As for Princess Qianqin, countless storms raged around her body, and the power contained in these storms was enough to tear the entire barrier apart.

A moment later, the human body of the Storm Dragon King Tamil shattered, and suddenly turned into a sturdy silver flying dragon of dozens of meters, entrenched in countless storms, vaguely controlling all the storms and forming a deadly hurricane trace!

Above the broad silver dragon wings, the cold light bursts, and the dragon wings stretch out like a sharp blade. Wherever the silver dragon wings touches in the enchantment, cracks appear one after another. Following that, there was a storm of destruction that made one feel the tingling pain on the skin and face.

"The power of the Storm Dragon King is truly extraordinary..."

On Xiao Yan's body, the cyan dragon scales slowly emerged, and under the scorching flames of the Saint Yan Kaiyi, it appeared even more lush, but Xiao Yan could feel it. The heavy breath like a huge mountain of 10,000 meters rushed towards his face, and a tortoise shell was also carried out behind him.

The scales of the underlord are covered, the Saint Flame Kai clothing is blessing and burning, and there is the protection of the underlord's body behind him. This feeling is as if his own attack is enough to shatter the world and destroy the terrifying power and real power. There is no difference between the dragons, and with the addition of treasures such as the lower body...

"The power of the storm dragon king, the space hurricane!"

Princess Qianqin's entire attention was on the blue dragon scales that suddenly exploded on Xiao Yan's body, and she ignored the strange tortoise shell behind Xiao Yan, and the voice sounded.

"Whoa!"

The silver flying dragon waved its wings, and its entire body was instantly shattered, but the scattered silver energy united all the surrounding space storms.

On the edge of the space hurricane formed by dozens of space storms, one after another extremely sharp blade is spinning rapidly. The speed is so fast that it makes everyone feel a sense of loss?

"Sharp blade...running at high speed."

"It's like a living meat grinder composed of countless high-speed rotating gears!"

"If this falls into it, I'm afraid that even if you don't die, you will have to peel off the skin."

Xiao Yan's scalp felt numb as he looked at the violent tearing force of the hurricane in the space in front of him. Tamil's use of the wind attribute had reached the limit. Although this was not the body of the Storm Dragon King, it was just a trace of her. Power, but it also made Xiao Yan's expression dignified.

"Dragon God Transformation Fourth Transformation!"

Xiao Yan's voice fell, his entire body was bathed in azure light, and the azure dragon scales completely covered Xiao Yan's whole body, like a real dragon man!

A human with dragon scales!

"It's a pretty good body forging technique. It seems that the power of the Dragon King is as tyrannical as the legends say, but unfortunately the Japanese princess will win today!"

"Don't worry, I won't kill you, I will knock you out, and then..."

Qianqin stood behind her, and the space hurricane killed Xiao Yan very spiritually. Everywhere along the way, violent sawtooth silver wheels shredded and roared, and the enchantment void exploded, and even the power of space became calm down.

"The fifth change!"

"Dragon Claw!"

"The power of holy flame, the dragon claw!"

Just at this critical moment, the five-colored flames on Xiao Yan's body were directly injected into the palm of his hand by Xiao Yan, and immediately the palm was bent, and he fiercely probed into the void in front of him.

"Pfft!"

The silver space hurricane is like a sharp blade that cuts the enchantment flat, dividing the entire enchantment in two, but at this time, a cyan dragon claw with a size of dozens of feet, with an extremely strange appearance, is hard The resistance is around the silver space hurricane.

The five-colored flames are endless, no matter how many times they are cut and torn apart by the space hurricane, they will emerge at the speed, born at the speed, and continuously attached to the cyan dragon claws!

And above the cyan dragon claw, a terrifying wave that is enough to crush everything in the world is rippling at an amazing speed.

Heavy, ancient, and before the battle, it makes people feel that the blue energy is full of indestructible mountains, rivers and seas!

"Tear them apart for me!!!"

The silver space hurricane's offensive weakened, and even with the slightest shaking, Qianqin finally couldn't sit still.

"Give me... smash it!!!"

Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, blood stained in the gaps between his teeth, and the terrifying space wind made Xiao Yan's mouth and eyes rapidly enlarge, and even above the blue dragon claws, the flesh and blood had already become blurred, only only The remaining five bones and joints of the fingers looked extremely frightening. Xiao Yan used his life force to push them out.

"Boom!"

With one claw strike, the space hurricane gathered by the unique wind force in the storm space was forcibly pulled out by Xiao Yan, and the latter was like a deflated sphere. The hurricane weakened, and the power in the entire space became weaker.

"Princess Qianqin, it's over!"

"Clap!"

The voice emerged, and the emptiness around Princess Qianqin's body suddenly solidified, and five cyan light beams shrouded her body, imprisoning her body.

"Xiao Yan..."

Looking at this scene, the irony and contempt in Princess Qianqin's eyes completely disappeared.

"I... I lost."

Until this moment, Princess Qianqin said with trembling voices Human, your palm. "

"Aren't you crazy for this kind of behavior?"

"If it didn't break the tearing power of the space hurricane just now, I'm afraid it would be another end."

Seeing Xiao Yan's crazy look, Princess Qianqin couldn't help but warn.

"Well, it's alright."

Xiao Yan clapped his hands and laughed.

However, he turned his head and looked at his palm. On the palm, a burnt smell came out. The flesh and blood on the palm had already been melted away by the hot confrontation. Five fingers, white bones, and no trace of flesh and blood existed. It looks like an undead finger that has been dead for countless years.

However, the ending was good, at least he won. Xiao Yan smiled slightly at Princess Qianqin's next words. Even if he lost in the end, with the protection of the lower body, it would not be difficult to defeat her, but he couldn't cause the current situation. This kind of shocking scene is nothing more than this, and the scene of the palm can't be difficult for him, after all, he is a real alchemist, and although the blood and bone medicine is precious, it is not without.

"we won?"

Looking at the sullen faces of the Luxi tribe and the others in the surrounding east, Elder Marwen spoke out in trembling voice, as if the scene in front of him was extremely illusory, extremely unreal, like a dream!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: