Chapter 605: Meet the little witch for the first time!

"Well?" Xiao Yan just turned around and was about to leave, when he saw that Ye Qing, who was affected by his holy flame fighting qi, and whose aura was floating, suddenly had another aura!

That breath just appeared, it made Ye Qing's body become quiet because of the flames, and the speed was extremely fast, making Xiao Yan feel confused for a while.

"Come out, or I'll do it!" Xiao Yan looked around coldly, an invisible wave slowly appeared, and once there was any wave, he would take action without hesitation.

With Xiao Yan's strength at this time, even if he did not use the power of holy flame, he would probably be able to deal with the powerhouse of the Six-Star Dou Emperor Perfection level.

Because it was discovered earlier that Ye Qing seemed to have a great opinion about their human palace, Xiao Yan just wanted to punish him. After all, he would not do anything out of the ordinary.

"Are you Xiao Yan in that person's palace?" With a soft voice, in front of Xiao Yan and the others, a woman in white appeared, with a very rare look of doubt in her eyes.

The moment he saw this woman, Xiao Yan's complexion immediately changed.

This woman is dressed in white, and shows the graceful curves to the fullest. Although she is not beautiful, she can be regarded as a rare beauty. There is a different kind of temperament on her indifferently smiling cheeks. Just by virtue of her distinctive temperament, she made this woman alluring.

"Senior Sister Lingxuan." Ye Qing was still shocked by Xiao Yan's terrifying strength, when she saw the appearance of Lingxuan, who was known as the Little Witch of the Earth Palace, and her expression softened immediately.

After all, even though this little witch is the most famous little witch in their underground palace, she is the best choice in terms of strength and appearance. It can be said that this is the dream of many Fenxiang Pavilion disciples!

"I'm Xiao Yan, what's the matter with me?" Xiao Yan immediately said coldly when he saw some doubts in the woman's tone.

"It's nothing, I just want to see if the rumored Xiao Yan in the Hall of People is as powerful as the rumors say."

"After all, it was the one who killed the twin ghost emperors." Ling Xuan's eyebrows flickered slightly, staring at Xiao Yan motionless.

I don't know why, Lingxuan's strength in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor actually felt a sense of fear in front of this man!

"I've seen it now, how do you feel?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion. He had never said anything about himself. This woman's strength should not be underestimated, and looking at Ye Qing's attitude towards her, I'm afraid this woman Its status is not low in the Temple of Earth.

"It doesn't seem to be as powerful as the legends say." Ling Xuan was not staring at Xiao Yan, but said casually, trying to provoke Xiao Yan.

"By the way, our individual competition in the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth and Humanity is over. I want to fight you alone, how about it?" Ling Xuan's small fist stared at Xiao Yan excitedly.

"I refuse." Xiao Yan refused directly. After all, he still didn't know the identity of this woman, so it would be better not to make extra troubles.

"How dare you refuse me?"

"Do you know who I am?" Seeing this, Ling Xuan was immediately stomped by Xiao Yan.

"I don't have time to play family games with you, and I'm not interested in knowing who you are." Xiao Yan said calmly, and just after he finished speaking, he walked towards the Five Bamboo Residence in the Hall of People without looking back.

"You you you!" Ling Xuan saw Xiao Yan's attitude, how could she bear it?

She Lingxuan was regarded as the jewel in the palm of countless brothers and sisters in their underground palace. How could she be treated like this?

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Senior sister, forget it, even I can't see through this kid's strength..." Ye Qing who was beside him hurriedly said, his strongest attack just now seemed to be just tickling Xiao Yan, so terrifying The strength of Ye Qing can't help but succumb to the idea of ​​retreat.

"I don't care, I must let this Xiao Yan know the consequences of being defiant!"

"Let's go!" Ling Xuan angrily left here.

"It's strange, he just played against Xiao Yan, this kid obviously didn't use all his strength, and the power of flames on his body seems to be too terrifying." Ye Qing looked at Xiao Yan who was walking away, and couldn't help but think. Shocked, and immediately followed.

Five bamboos live in the courtyard.

"Why didn't Xiao Yan come back?"

"How long has it been since then?"

"He won't encounter any accident, right?" Above the yard, the four of them were sitting here slowly and chatting constantly.

"Mu Feng, don't talk nonsense, Xiao Yan is so powerful, how could something happen?" The green flute on the side glared at Mu Feng and said, they knew how powerful Xiao Yan was from the desert of death.

"Hehe, it's not been five years, I'm a little worried." Mu Feng said slowly.

"Although five years is not a short time, it is not much for swallowing holy flames." Mu Yingying said.

In five years, the four of them have practiced in the desert mountain range for two years, and then came back to the Fenxiang Pavilion to practice for three years. They digested some of the adventures in the desert mountain range for me, and I also have strength and combat experience. A huge improvement!

The strength of Lvdi and Mu Feng has risen to the level of the late Five-Star Dou Emperor, which is enough to make some people in the underground hall feel ashamed. As for Mu Yingying, their strength has soared to the level of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. God is only one step away.

In Xiaoyi's words, her strength has also been promoted to the 8-star Dou Emperor Consummation. If you want to go further, the terror will only continue to improve her strength after it evolves. Otherwise, at this stage, Xiao Yi's strongest strength will only have the 8-star Dou Emperor Consummation.

"No, my eldest brother's strength is unpredictable even for me, so it will be fine and my eldest brother and I have some special things, so I can feel that he is fine." Xiaoyi looked outside the Wuzhuju and said.

"I don't know how Xiao Yan is doing. I'm afraid Ye has heard of this kind of thing. It's the first time I've actually seen it." Mu Feng said with a look of anticipation. This kind of thing, even a few of them, is the first time they have seen it. In the face of the power of flame that is so intense, even Mu Feng's vindictive energy seems to be on fire, and it is enough to see the horror of this holy flame. .

"It's a secret, it's better not to tell the outside world, after all, the rarity of holy flame is..." Xiao Yi said suddenly, obviously because of something taboo.

"That's right, it's better for us to know this." Several people started talking.

"By the way, I heard that the individual competition of the Three Temples of Heaven, Earth and Humanity in Fenxiang Pavilion has ended, and the next one is the team competition ten days later."

"There are five people in the team competition, none of which is indispensable, but we are now..." The silent Mu Yingying flashed her eyelashes.

"There is still one missing. Although it is not difficult for this person to be selected from our halls, the cooperation between them is enough..." Mu Feng's eyes revealed a hint of thinking.

"Look at..."

"He's back." Just when everyone was thinking about how to solve this problem, a man with a heavy ruler slowly came to Wuzhuju.

"It's been a long time, everyone." A familiar voice slowly entered the ears of the four.

Ask for tickets!