Chapter Vol 4 1058: Dou Xuanmo

"I... I read that right."

"Long Yi and Xiao Yan, who were just caught in the mysterious space, were unscathed, but the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion were injured?"

"This..." The stunned powerhouse outside the battle field said in a stunned manner. Obviously, everyone thought that Xiao Yan and Long Yi would have a catastrophe, but they thought that the catastrophe was actually caused by the Dragon-loving Legion.

"Old Zhu, this is..." While watching this scene, White Fang asked.

"This kid Xiao Yan's soul power is so tyrannical. Although I don't know the exact level, I'm afraid it will not be weaker than the Nine Star Dou Di just by virtue of the strength of his soul power."

"Although the dragon-loving formation is tyrannical, due to the particularity of the space, the caster can only use their soul power to enter, and the nine members of the dragon-loving legion probably did not think of this, and were beaten by Xiao Yan." Zhu Jin said at a glance. .

"But even if the nine of them are injured, the power is still unequal." Xiong Yuan said heavily.

In the battle circle, with Xiao Yan's soul attack, the Dragon Addiction Formation was directly shattered, and even Ye Mo and nine others were injured to varying degrees.

"Pfft..."

"I didn't expect this guy to hide so deeply."

"Just the soul power that just used the soul attack, I'm afraid it has already reached the perfection of the emperor's realm..." The medicine core wiped the blood on the shell's lips, and glared at Xiao Yan with beautiful eyes.

"Damn!"

"Deputy head, we were actually teased by Xiao Yan so, let me capture him!" The mysterious demon beside him spoke slightly, and the hatred for Xiao Yan in his eyes became more and more intense.

"Okay!" Ye Mo heard the words and immediately agreed.

"Whoosh!" And with Ye Mo's promise, Ye Mo Zaidu took the remaining seven people and attacked Long Yi.

"Damn...why are these guys so difficult to deal with?" Seeing this, Long Yi couldn't help cursing.

Although Long Yi is now out of the state of the soul, but there is always no dragon blood injected into the body, the strength is lacking, otherwise, Long Yi has absolute confidence, relying on the strength of one person to fight the entire dragon-loving army and stand invincible. !

"Don't worry about me, if Xuanmo is alone, I can still deal with it... and he is an old rival." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"That's fine."

"I'll break through as soon as possible and save you." Long Yi said solemnly.

"Nine of them were injured by soul power. It is impossible to use soul power for a short time, and their strength will also be weakened to a certain extent." Xiao Yan said.

As soon as the voice fell, Long Yi's figure flew out and directly blocked the eight people headed by Ye Mo, while the remaining one passed through Long Yi's blockade and came not far in front of Xiao Yan.

"It seems that you still have to die by my hands." On Xuan Mo, the black cloak covered his body tightly, but above the cloak, circles of invisible coercion accompanied the black The qi was released, and then smiled at Xiao Yan.

"It's really been a long time." Xiao Yan came face to face with Xuan Mo at such a close distance, and immediately felt the more terrifying aura on this guy. This aura was really stepping into the ranks of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, compared to when he was in Xuan Mo. When Linghuang Pond was no doubt much stronger.

"Stop talking nonsense, did you die here, or did I do it?" Xuan Mo said to Xiao Yan arrogantly.

With Xuanmo's current level of strength at the level of the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, dealing with Xiao Yan in the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor was not as easy as squeezing a fly.

"Let the horses come over!" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard this, and a dazzling khaki holy flame suddenly swept out.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan suddenly raised his palm, and then the incomparably huge Yihuo Henggu ruler with a full five heaven-shattering holy flames roared away at the mysterious demon.

"Damn the power of the holy flame!" When the mysterious demon saw this scene, the black aura on the cloak couldn't help but restrain, obviously he was extremely afraid of Xiao Yan's khaki holy flame.

But just as the black energy was put away, it was replaced by a black and white force of life and death!

Black Qi is naturally mixed with the evil aura of the Gorefiends, so it is afraid of the power of holy flame, but even if the mysterious demon does not use the power of evil, just relying on the power of life and death is enough to suppress Xiao Yan. of!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because the difference in strength between the two is too obvious!

"Xiao Yan, die for me!" With the emergence of the power of life and death in the mysterious demon, at that time, the mysterious demon's face turned into a death ray and blasted away at Xiao Yan.

"Weng Om!" The mysterious demon's attack pierced through the space, and there was an extremely restless fluctuation in that space. Obviously, the intensity of the mysterious demon's attack was great.

"Nine Star Dou Di is really tyrannical... but he underestimates me too much." And Xiao Yan saw the mysterious demon attacking him so easily, without any trace of fear or retreat, but a burst of light in his pupils A strange light, and on the ancient ruler of the eternal fire, a heavy wave is slowly emerging.

"This is……"

"The treasure of our Human Palace." When Xiao Yan acted like this, the Palace Master Bai Ya stared at Xiao Yan with shining eyes.

The Heaven-shifting Ruler, that truly possesses the power to move the sky.

"This guy really has some confidence." Long Yi watched Xiao Yan deal with the mysterious demon, and he was relieved, because he knew that although his current strength was in the late stage of one-star fighting immortals, he wanted to deal with a half-immortal and seven Nine Star Dou Di is more or less struggling.

"Little devil, today, I'll let you know In the face of absolute strength, everything will become insignificant!"

"Xuantian Hand!"

"Go to hell!" Xuan Mo came to Xiao Yan in just a few short breaths, dozens of meters, and then an evil smile appeared on the corner of his mouth. The black and **** of life and death gathered in his palm, forming a The black and white palms of hundreds of meters in size suddenly slapped them in the direction of Xiao Yan!

"Crash!" Xuan Tian's hand just poured out, and suddenly the entire space was filled with an extremely tyrannical pressure, making Xiao Yan unable to move.

"It's good to come!" And Xiao Yan was thinking about moving the sky ruler from the beginning, watching the Xuantian hand that was about to attack him, he laughed loudly, and then the ancient ruler of the eternal fire glowed on the palm of his hand. Mysterious and strange power!

"Pfft!" And when Xuan Tian's hand, which seemed to be turbulent, hit Xiao Yan's huge light, it disappeared abruptly, as if it was swallowed up by Xiao Yan!

"Damn...how is it possible..." And Xuanmo was a little surprised when he saw his attack disappear instantly, because the Xuantian hand just now was enough to kill Xiao Yan with one blow, but now...

"Huhuhu!"

"Give it back to you!" Just when the mysterious demon was surprised, a certain space in front of the two suddenly wriggled, and then inside, there was a huge force containing the power of black and white life and death and the power of khaki holy flame. The palm, appears in degrees.

"Not good..." Seeing this, Xuanmo felt a sense of danger.

And because the distance between them is extremely close, the mysterious demon has not had time to defend, and was directly hit by its attack!