Chapter 481: Battle 7 Color Swallowing Python!

"I didn't expect to meet a colorful sky-swallowing python here at its peak... It's really good luck." Ye Mo narrowed his eyes slightly and smiled slightly.

"Elder Ye, let's do it."

"This colorful swallowing python has reached its peak strength. I am afraid that it will be extremely unfavorable for our situation if we don't make a move!" Xuanling King said slowly, looking at the colorful swallowing python in front of him, a A chill emerged from the bottom of my heart.

"I can only use that thing...Although it's not mature yet, I can't wait." Then, as soon as he gritted his teeth, a wave of madness emerged in King Xuanling's heart.

"Do it!" King Xuanling snorted coldly, and then the two around him started to do it!

"嘁偁嘁!" Facing the attacks of Xuanling King, Xuan Ming and Ye Mo, the seven-colored sky swallowing python shone with colorful rays of light, and then the figure moved instantly!

I don't know why, the colorful swallowing python felt a wave of fear from the Xuanling King in front of him...

The source of this fluctuation was the fiery red flame on King Xuanling's body.

At this time, King Xuanling was surrounded by fiery red, and an extremely terrifying wave slowly appeared!

Ye Mo and Xuan Ming attacked the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python from left to right!

On Ye Mo's body, a terrifying ice-cold fighting qi emerged, and the traces of ice continued to emerge, and the monstrous aura was undoubtedly on display!

On the other side, a red fighting spirit emerged from Xuan Ming's body, and then a dignified expression appeared in his eyes!

The strength of this colorful swallowing python is much stronger than him, so Xuan Ming must be extremely careful, otherwise, if he is not careful, he will fall directly!

"Susu..."

"Damn the Medusa family, they are so tenacious..."

"The other leaders of the nine major tribes of Medusa should be here. If you don't enter the temple, I'm afraid there will be no chance!"

"Never mind!" King Xuanling murmured in his heart.

Then just after the voice fell, a flame suddenly appeared in the pupil, and a very strange flame appeared on the body!

This flame was fiery red, and when it just covered Xuanling King's body, an unparalleled terrifying aura suddenly burst out!

"Holy Yan?" Among Xiao Yan and the others who were hiding in the dark, Mu Yingying suddenly opened her mouth, and a trace of madness and shock appeared in her beautiful eyes!

"Calm me down!" Although Xiao Yan also felt that the flames on King Xuanling's body were not simple, there was no such big movement as Mu Yingying.

However, although Xiao Yan didn't know what happened, from Mu Yingying's expression, he also knew the importance of the matter.

"I'm going!" Mu Yingying endured her madness, and then her lips moved slightly, and a stubbornness emerged in her voice.

"No, that's a battle between the peak Dou Emperor, you will only die if you go like this!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then the huge soul force instantly suppressed Mu Yingying who had just stood up!

"Let go of me!" Mu Yingying changed her previous weakness, and an azure-blue flame instantly filled her delicate body.

"His grandma's!" Xiao Yan cursed loudly, but was extremely shocked in his heart!

Ever since Mu Yingying broke through the Five-Star Dou Emperor, the azure blue holy flame on her body made Xiao Yan quite jealous!

Although it is not clear what the difference is between the strange fire and the holy flame, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the new flames in his body, which were fused with twenty-three kinds of strange fires, gave off a sense of fear when the fiery red flames emerged from the Xuanling King's body. !

Although it was extremely weak, it was discovered by Xiao Yan!

The next moment, with the time when the blue flames appeared on Mu Yingying's body in front of him, the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body couldn't help shaking violently!

This kind of feeling is like encountering something extremely powerful!

Xiao Yan has never encountered such a thing before, but now is not the time to think about it, and no matter how she struggles, she immediately grabs Mu Yingying by the hand.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What happened?" Xiao Yan also knew that this Mu Yingying was weak, but she was soft and not hard. In a place where strong people gathered, if there was a little conflict, then she would be exposed to the public's eyes, and she would only end up in the game. It would be quite miserable!

"The flame on King Xuanling's body belongs to my brother." Mu Yingying also regained her composure under Xiao Yan's shock, and then said with a bite of her silver teeth.

"Your brother?"

"Didn't you say that you came out to find your brother?" Xiao Yan was suddenly surprised!

Although he didn't know Mu Yingying's details, out of intuition, Xiao Yan believed that she was not lying.

However, even if Mu Yingying tried her best to suppress the holy flame on Mu Yingying's body, Xiao Yan could vaguely feel a wave of fear.

And the flame emerging from King Xuanling is probably also a kind of holy flame!

"No, the flame on the Xuanling King's body is extremely terrifying, but it doesn't seem like a holy flame." Xiao Yan pondered a little, and his dark pupils suddenly stared at the Xuanling King in mid-air!

Although he didn't know why, Xiao Yan always felt that the flames on King Xuanling's body seemed to be wrong.

"Well?" Mu Yingying heard the words, her slender eyebrows flashed, and then she stared at Xuanling King. Although the fiery red flame on Xuanling King's body was extremely terrifying, Mu Yingying felt that what Xiao Yan said was true. Not false.

"That's really the smell of holy flame, but it seems to be much weaker..." Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, and a surprise emerged.

"Let's just wait and see what happens." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, then said.

"Yes." Mu Yingying calmed down when she heard the words. Obviously, no matter what she did at the moment, she couldn't change the current situation.

It's just that Mu Yingying's lips moved slightly: "If there is something wrong with my brother Even if you are a peak Dou Emperor, I will make you pay the price!"

The slightly ridiculous words came out of Mu Yingying's mouth, but Xiao Yi, who was beside her, noticed something different.

"What exactly is this Mu Yingying..." Xiao Yi knew that this Mu Yingying was definitely not empty talk. The power of the blue holy flame on her body was as powerful as the eight-star Dou Emperor-level fire elf Xiao Yi. Wei Wei feels a lot of pressure.

After Xiao Yan comforted Mu Yingying, he casually glanced at Tang Tang and a few people not far away. They were now watching the battle in the sky intently, and they didn't notice anything unusual about Xiao Yan and the others.

After Xiao Yan finished everything, he also cast his eyes on the Xuanling King, because with his excellent perception, Xiao Yan could vaguely feel that the energy between this world was being rapidly swept away by the Xuanling King. gathered.

"Baby, this little girl's life experience doesn't seem to be simple..." Behind Xiao Yan, the ancient ruler of Yi Huo Heng moved slightly, and the dragon inside it turned into a dragon soul, staring at Mu Yingying and Xuan Ling Wang is constantly thinking.

"Now that the battle has reached the white-hot stage, the powerhouses of the other eight tribes will come here soon..."

"King Xuanling, you seem to have missed it this time." Beneath the desert, the anger said with a gloomy smile.

"What is there in the temple that actually makes me feel a little uneasy..." Next to Nu Dong, a figure shrouded in ghostly energy slowly said in his heart.

This person is the person from the Soul Palace!

Ask for tickets!