Chapter 144: collection!

In a blink of an eye, the night passed and the second day passed.

On this day, Hu Du also went to bed early under the warm hospitality of Yueyu, and everyone in the other seven cities also knew that today was the time for them to leave.

Because only Xuan Santian will let the proud sons of the seven cities know that there are people outside the world and there are heavens, and then they will gain more powerful cultivation resources and insights, so the masters of the major cities are also actively cooperating with the messengers of Xuan Santian. After all, This is what an essential family heir must go through.

In Wucheng, before a dilapidated hall, a few servants also looked up to the sky. After the sky-high explosion, their Wucheng suffered heavy losses, and many of the luxury buildings in the past were beyond recognition, but even so, that The irascible Lord of Wucheng also seemed to go silent on weekdays, as if the loss of his beloved son made him lose himself, and he is only now showing up.

At the towering pavilion, a majestic red Dou Qi rose to the sky, and the figure wrapped in Dou Qi was the Lord of Wucheng.

"Today, we are going to leave Wucheng to organize a major event, and the daily life of Wucheng is business as usual."

"Everything will be managed by Murray after I leave!" The Lord of Wucheng also stood on the pavilion and said regretfully. If it wasn't for his son to encounter this kind of thing, it would be great to stand on this acre and be a tyrant, but Unfortunately, Wu Huan had such a situation, and now he had no choice but to take people to the place of "that force". After all, only they could save their son's life.

"Um……"

"how so……"

"Could it be that Young Master Wuhuan really suffered an accident..." There were many voices from below the pavilion.

The Lord of Wucheng also didn't care about the many words. The red fighting qi roared out from his body, like a ferocious lion, and on the head of the lion, the Lord of Wucheng's eyes turned to a house in the distance of Qingcheng.

"Xiao Yan, little bastard, I will definitely kill you in revenge for this murder." After a moment of grimness, he also understood his immediate task, then withdrew his gaze, no longer hesitated, and disappeared in a flash. On the edge of the sky, with the disappearance of the master of Wucheng, the people of the soul clan also followed, and the group obviously had some plans.

Muller has already embarked on the road to Qingcheng.

Sword King City, under a lonely peak like a sword blade, a black figure with a heavy sword on his back walked out of the mountain step by step, saying something while walking.

As I approached, I just found out that it was a young man in a gray robe. If you look closely, who is not Wang Zhong?

However, in his eyes, the black cloth wrapped around it had disappeared without a trace, and a black mark on his forehead invisibly exuded a more frightening aura than before.

"The side effects of your imprint are getting worse and worse. You have to be careful in the future, and don't take it off easily unless you have to, or you will go crazy."

"I hope Xuan Santian can suppress this mark..." A thin figure also spoke slowly.

"As ordered, master." Wang Zhong also said to the thin figure in front of him with his hands clasped, and then wrapped the black mark on his forehead.

Although the emaciated figure in front of Wang Zhong makes people seem a little weak, only Wang Zhong knows that this seemingly emaciated master is actually a veritable strong man, and also has Yue Yu, the master of the Yue family. One fight, but his master was obsessed with Sword Intent all day long and didn't pay too much attention to these things.

"You need a real opponent to sharpen your sword. These seven cities obviously can't accommodate you. Xuan Santian should be the best place for you to understand the sword intent."

"I can't help you too much when you practice sword intent. Everything depends on you."

"Be careful on the road." The thin figure's hoarse voice disappeared.

Wang Zhong also nodded knowingly, and then walked towards Qingcheng. Anyway, his master came and went without a trace, and he was already used to it.

In the City of Ten Thousand Beasts, a deafening beast roar resounded from the city, and then people in the entire city saw a huge winged beast flapping its wings and soaring into the air.

On top of the winged beast, a delicate young girl was sitting on her knees. Her long green hair and her eyes were full of agility and quirky appearance.

It is Liu Yin!

On her tender shoulders, the ice-blue Xiaohan was also beating cheerfully, making a chirping sound, obviously it was very happy to be able to go out to play again. The strange thing was that the cold air in Xiaohan's pair of bird eyes seemed to be stronger than that in the ruins. It is more powerful inside, obviously it has grown through something.

"Father, let's go, don't miss me too much." Liu Yin touched the bird, her face full of excitement.

"Let's go!"

The girl shouted loudly, and Xiao Han, who was originally a small Yiren, swelled several times in an instant, and then his wings vibrated, his speed soared, and the wind went away.

"Master, Miss's ability to tame animals is really extraordinary..." A housekeeper also looked at Liu Yindao, who was far away.

"Naturally, after all, it was cultivated as a successor..." The person called the master also responded.

In a martial arts academy, a man showing his upper body, his burly muscles are enviable.

"It seems that your gains in the ruins are not small Sun Ming's father also said.

They possess the power of berserkers, and they can use their power to break through the current limit, so although they also cultivate Dou Qi, they pay more attention to the cultivation of physical fitness.

"If you go to Xuantian Santian, you should pay attention. After all, it's not our seven cities..." Said like a dragon.

"I know, I'm sorry, I'm leaving." Sun Ming also sorted out his clothes and left.

To the north of Qingcheng, there is a snowy family.

"Miss, the messenger of Xuan Santian has arrived in Qingcheng. The master asked me to inform you that you can leave." A well-behaved maid sounded cautiously outside the incense pavilion.

"Oh, I see."

"Then Xiao Yan has some meaning..." After speaking, he disappeared into the room strangely.

Inside the city of Hell, a young face that was pale and bloodless appeared in the wooden house. His eyes were gray, and his body seemed to be wrapped in the aura of death, which made people shudder.

"Let's go, the messenger of Xuan Santian has arrived."

"I hope Xuan Santian can improve my physique, otherwise..."

"Cough cough cough..." The moment he spoke, he also coughed, and then a large pool of blood appeared in his hands.

In Fenglei City, a woman in a vegetable skirt with a thunderous vindictive body also set off towards Qingcheng.

"Xuan Santian, I'm really looking forward to it..."

Several people from the seven major cities also rushed towards Qingcheng. Xiao Yan and Yueru also got up early in the morning, prepared some things to bring with them, and then waited in the lobby with Hu Du, because today they were together. To leave this Qingcheng.

Ask for a recommendation! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: