Chapter Vol 4 1066: 2 girls meet!

In the desert of death, shocking scenes emerged one after another. After all, this is a forbidden area in the human world, so it is extremely unfriendly to humans.

At this time, in the boundless desert, two figures appeared one after the other.

"Mu Yingying, why are you doing this?" Xiao Yi's figure came directly to Mu Yingying, then stopped her from retreating, and said something bitterly.

Although Xiao Yi had to admit that her eldest brother felt sorry for Mu Yingying in the past, but for the relationship, who will Heaven forgive?

"Why?"

"I did my best to Xiao Yan, but in the end he told me that he had a family?"

"I don't say it sooner or later, but at this time?"

"Isn't it funny?" Mu Yingying was stopped by Xiaoyi, and she muttered to herself, obviously Xiao Yan just said that she is my wife, which caused a very serious trauma to Mu Yingying .

"I know it's my eldest brother who is sorry for you, but he will help you rescue Senior Yanchi as compensation." Xiao Yi said.

"No need."

"Go back and tell Xiao Yan that I, Mu Yingying, have nothing to do with him, Xiao Yan, from now on."

"My brother's matter, I will solve it myself, I don't need his kindness." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, her chest heaved violently. Obviously, when she said this, she felt extremely sad in her heart.

"Shabu Shabu." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, her speed skyrocketed, and she completely threw away Xiao Yi in a short time.

"Brother, I'm not reconciled..."

"Xiao Yan is the first human I like, but he already has a family. Even if I like him, I can't destroy the human family.

"But I'm really uncomfortable..."

"Xiao Yan is so good... I'm not reconciled..."

"My heart...it hurts..." And after Mu Yingying shook off Xiaoyi, she went directly to a place where no one cared about, sitting on a rock, sobbing and sobbing, obviously she couldn't find it now Anyone who can rely on and help themselves.

It's just that Mu Yingying didn't know that at this time, she had come to the edge of the lonely desert of death, that is, the edge area that was very close to the Xuanling royal family.

"Who are you?"

"Why did it appear in the territory of my Medusa clan?" When Mu Yingying burst into tears, a shadow suddenly poured into Mu Yingying's eyes.

"I want you to take care of it!" And Mu Yingying was still heartbroken just now, and she couldn't even raise her head to say a word in the face of such harsh words.

But as soon as those words fell, Mu Yingying suddenly felt that something was wrong, and hurriedly raised her head.

What caught Mu Yingying's eyes was a woman who was wearing silk and had a very enchanting aura. The woman's graceful waist and graceful figure made Mu Yingying feel jealous.

The most important thing is that this woman, a faint trace of the power of ten colors slowly lingers, making Mu Yingying like a formidable enemy.

"Who are you!" Seeing the figure approaching, Mu Yingying hurriedly put away her cowardice, because she was helpless now, and she had heard before that among human beings, there were many gangsters with bad hearts who wanted to swallow them up They are holy flames.

"I am the new queen of the Medusa family, but who are you?"

"The strength of the seven-star Dou Di in the early stage also dares to enter the desert of death, don't you die?" The ten-colored woman said slightly, her voice quite soft.

This Shicai woman is actually Cailin. Cailin had planned to go to Xuehe Town to rescue Xiao Yan, but she encountered someone from the Xuanling royal family on the way, so it was a mistake. Now that Xiao Yan was out of danger, he had to come back.

It's just that she just came back and met Mu Yingying. With Cailin's current One-Star Fighting Immortal Perfection, she naturally found that this woman had more or less Xiao Yan's aura, and immediately became interested in her. chat.

"Queen Medusa?" And Mu Yingying's forefoot was still distraught, but when she heard the name, it was like a thunder blasting in her ears.

"Is she the wife Xiao Yan said..."

"One Star Fighting Immortal's complete strength..."

"But... so what?" After Cailin reported her identity, a terrifying force almost like an ocean slowly swept out of Mu Yingying's body. Brilliant azure blue!

Obviously, Mu Yingying used the power of the Holy Flame Spirit once again!

"The power of holy flame?"

"One Star Fighting Immortal late stage?" And Cailin looked at Mu Yingying like this and couldn't help but said, obviously at the level of Fighting Immortal, just some vague aura, can completely feel the smell of holy flame.

The reason why Cailin reported her identity directly to Mu Yingying was because she knew that Mu Yingying was someone close to Xiao Yan, so she was so open and honest. Anger erupted.

"What a Queen Medusa!"

"Let me learn it today." Azure Mu Yingying said directly to Cailin after her strength skyrocketed.

As soon as he finished speaking, a dazzling blue flame swept out, launching a powerful attack on Cailin.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"etc."

"Aren't you and Xiao Yan the same sect?"

"Why..." Cailin just wanted to explain, but she was directly attacked by Mu Yingying of the blue color, so she had to defend herself.

"Don't mention Xiao Yan to me!"

"Suffer to death!" And Mu Yingying, who was still fine, suddenly became emotional after hearing Cai Lin said about Xiao Yan.

"Since that's the case, then I can't help you!" Cailin saw that good words and persuasion didn't work, and she immediately gathered the power of ten colors and attacked Mu Yingying, but Cailin felt that this woman looked like this, and she should be with her. Xiao Yan has some connections.

Ten-color swallowing python is tyrannical, but after all, blood is cold-blooded, so it is also afraid of flames, not to mention that it is a flame of the level of holy flame, so the two are indistinguishable for a while.

However, as the two fighting immortal powerhouses attacked, in the Xuanling royal family not far from here, the figure of Yan Chi slowly appeared, obviously feeling the battle that was quite nearby. As for Xiao Yan and the others, it was It's too far away to feel it.

"My king... North of Xuanling City, on the edge of the lonely desert of death, there are fluctuations in the power of holy flame... and the power of the ten-colored swallowing python."

"That holy flame fluctuates a bit like Mu Yingying's." Xuan Cang on the side opened his mouth slightly.

"Have you finally waited for this moment..."

"Yanchi, Xuancang, let's go!" When Xuanling King heard the words, he smiled evilly, and directly greeted the two figures beside him to go to the place where the movement had just occurred.

King Xuanling knew that if he wanted to devour the holy flame, he would only have a chance to weaken the holy flame by using the blood power of the Ten-colored Sky Swallowing Python. Now that the great opportunity was in front of him, King Xuanling would not miss it.

At this time, Yan Chi's strength had already reached the late stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal, and the Xuanling King's strength had even reached the perfect One Star Fighting Immortal. As for Xuan Cang, who was like a puppet by his side, his strength was even more terrifying than both of them.