Chapter Vol 4 1605: Qualifications to enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda!

"what?"

"You and Lao Luo fired together?"

"Lao Luo is now a Six-Star Dou Xian with complete strength. In addition to your Seven-Star Dou Xian strength, do you know what it means for the two of you to be together?"

"I don't agree!" Ling Yuanzi couldn't help being shocked.

The Earth Court just dismissed a seven-star Dou Xian-level headmaster Lingfeng, and two of the head teachers in their spiritual academy offered to resign at the same time. As a result, there were two seven-star Dou Xian in the land hall directly missing. The powerhouse and a six-star fighting immortal powerhouse are exploiting their power.

You must know that in this realm of fierce souls, the six-star fighting immortals can already be regarded as a real powerhouse, while the seven-star fighting immortals have long been aloof and become the master of one party, and their strength has reached an unfathomable place. , If the Seven Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse is willing to be reactionary, then the strength is enough to cause a small chaos in Li Soul Territory.

After all, he is stronger than the Master of Soul Li, and it is said that he is only an Eight-Star Fighting Immortal. From this, it is enough to see that the Seven-Star Fighting Fairy is the top power in the Realm of Li Soul other than the supreme ruler. Without the two top powerhouses, the status of the Earth Spirit Academy would probably fall to the bottom of the Five Great Courts, which was not a good thing for them, so Ling Yuanzi would not easily force them to retreat.

"My lord, I know that this happened suddenly, but we have received some news that there seems to be the guardian race of the Xiao clan who has surfaced above the Doudi Continent, and their appearance this time seems to have come prepared. Therefore, after we are forced to go back to inherit the holy flame, we will help the Xiao family and revive the Xiao family."

"After all, if it wasn't for the Xiao Clan, I'm afraid we would have long since disappeared..." Every time he said the word Xiao Clan, Di Lao's eyes were filled with respect as if he were treating gods.

"Xiao Clan's guardian race... Is there any news at last?"

"Didn't they disappear with the disappearance of the Xiao clan? How could it be?" Ling Yuanzi heard the words, the smile on his cheeks instantly solidified, and his cheeks were filled with a gloomy and cold killing intent.

"The Xiao family disappeared mysteriously, but some of their vassal races did not disappear with them. They chose to disappear, as if they were avoiding something." The old man whispered.

"Oh...and such secrets." Ling Yuanzi frowned, thinking.

The tyrannical and tyrannical Xiao Clan has disappeared, which makes these strong people quite puzzled, and in the world, there are many strong people who have received the favor of the Xiao Clan's gate, so if the Xiao Clan's affairs turn around, I am afraid it will lead to A lot of strong people responded.

"If we find their descendants and protect them at all costs, only then can we find out the secret of the Xiao Clan's disappearance for no reason!"

"The Xiao Clan, who is stronger than the first race in the Great Thousand World, is not the king's power, but the first aid to resist the foreign evil clan. This kind of force actually disappeared after the first World War. I absolutely do not believe it. This is destruction, it must be man-made..."

"If we know the truth of the matter, those of us who have received the great favor of the Xiao clan must give our modest contribution...even if we do our best for the entire Lingyuan!" In an instant, Lingyuanzi's voice was also filled with With a strong fluctuation.

"What the lord said is very true." After a while, the old man laughed.

"Go back... After handing over the remaining procedures, you can go back. I will handle the rest for you."

"If there is news from the Xiao clan, remember to notify me as soon as possible. At that time, the ghost world would not be able to accommodate me." Ling Yuanzi spoke slowly, his voice full of melancholy.

"Weng Om!" Di Lao nodded lightly, and immediately bowed solemnly, so he disappeared here. Soon, the news of the resignation of Di Ling Lao Gui and Luo Zhamu will also be spread. Earth Spirit Court.

"It seems that this time, the second World War is not far away."

"The first battle of heaven and earth had the Holy King and the Xiao clan with thirty-six holy flames as the main force to resist. This time without the existence of the former two, I am afraid that this time the battle between heaven and earth will be more difficult..." Lingyuanzi alone Standing in the bamboo forest, he said to himself, obviously the so-called battle of heaven and earth, even with his peak power of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, he felt powerless for a while. Own.

As soon as the voice fell, the two figures slowly dissipated, and calm was restored here.

As soon as the time passed, five days passed by. During the five days, Xiao Yan was cultivating in this spiritual pond with abundant energy from heaven and earth.

"It seems that I devoured the Acacia Fruit and the Fighting Immortal Pill before, and it is impossible to make a breakthrough in a short period of time." The pool water surged, and Xiao Yan's figure emerged directly from the milky white pool water, and he said lazily.

"You brat, you are so lazy at stealing." Xiao Yan just appeared on a towering tree on the edge of the Lingchi, and the voice of the old man entered Xiao Yan's ears.

"Old Earth." Xiao Yan said respectfully upon seeing this.

"Let's go, there is already news about what you said about entering the Earth Spirit Pagoda... But looking at the dean's face, it doesn't seem to be so easy to handle." Di Lao said helplessly.

"Let's go... Soldiers will come to block, water will come to cover." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said with a smile, as long as there is a way, he must not give up easily.

The two formed a team, and after a while, they came to the forest hut in the spiritual garden. At this time, the dean of the spiritual garden stood slowly in the house.

In this house, there are several buildings, of which Lingyuanzi is currently in the study.

"Dong dong dong!" Knocked lightly on the door, and suddenly Xiao Yan walked into the study.

"Come in." Ling Yuanzi sat slightly in the center of the study at this time, holding the exquisite scroll in his hand and carefully scrutinized it.

"Sir." The old man said respectfully.

"You go down." Ling Yuanzi said casually to the old man.

As soon as the words fell, only Xiao Yan and Ling Yuanzi were left in the study.

"Sit down." Looking at Xiao Yan, Ling Yuanzi said with a smile. Obviously, he has Xiao Yan's courage and strength, and he is the master of Saint Yan, which is quite appreciated by Ling Yuanzi.

"Sir... how about that thing?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked with concern.

"The value of the Earth Spirit Pagoda is enough to rank among the top treasures in the Second Earth Spirit Courtyard, and every time it is opened, it requires a lot of financial and material resources. Financial resources are also quite exhausting.”

"It has been seven years since the last time the Earth Spirit Pagoda was opened, and the next one will be three years later, because the Earth Spirit Pagoda starts every ten years."

"I remember that there were only three disciples who entered the Earth Spirit Pagoda the last time. When the three entered, they were all four-star fighting immortals. Now in the past seven years, they have become one of the best in the Soul Realm." Ling Yuanzi Said to himself.

"Is there no way?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"Although the Earth Spirit Pagoda is precious, Ling Feng has real power, but besides Ling Feng, there are two headmasters in the Earth Court, and they have quite a few opinions on this..."

"So if you want to break through the ranks and enter the Earth Spirit Pagoda, only by defeating the other two outstanding disciples of the headmaster will it be possible."

"The two disciples were suppressed by Ling Yu in the courtyard, but their strength is also the late stage of the four-star Dou Xian and... the four-star Dou Xian who has half the realm is complete. During the competition, you can't use the holy flame, so, you can still Are you confident?" After finishing these conditions in one breath, Ling Yuanzi immediately stared at Xiao Yan, looking forward to Xiao Yan's actions and decisions.