Chapter Vol 4 1377: Ray's Tomb!

"Let's go together..." Xiao Yan's gentle and firm voice made Duan Qifei feel a little warm in his heart.

"But Lei Chi is also beleaguered from all sides. We must leave one person to protect this place." Although he really wanted Xiao Yan to go with him, Duo Qifei refused. After all, the lives of nearly a thousand of them are now in the hands of the two of them. There is no doubt about Xiao Yan's combat effectiveness, and he cannot ignore the overall situation for his own selfishness.

"Two, don't worry, we are still here."

"Even if we do our last bit of strength, we will guard this last piece of paradise and wait for the two of you to come back." The next moment, Feng Yu, Mu Ge and others also stated that they did not have the ability and could only put the last The hope of this is pinned on them, but in this regard, they will also do their best to protect this place.

"Hey, don't worry, since the things in this thunder pond have been taken away, this old man's mission is also completed, so when you go to the forbidden area, I will guard this thunder pond for you."

"With me here, these evil people can't be arrogant." The old Mingling Lei Jiao also spoke with relief, and his voice was filled with a rare shock.

"If that's the case, then I would like to thank the senior." Xiao Yan and Du Qifei said at the same time, with this senior guarding, this thunder pool can be safe and sound.

"When you're ready, let's start. After all, there are some bad fluctuations in the forbidden area." Mingling Lei Jiao said suddenly and seriously.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, he also knew that this time he had a long way to go.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Lei Dao!" Mingling Lei Jiao nodded with satisfaction, and then on the Void Thunder Pond, with a heavy wave of his palm, a gray channel suddenly appeared and slowly emerged.

The gray channel seems to be connected to the real core area of ​​Thunder Tomb. As soon as it appeared, an extremely tyrannical atmosphere emerged, which made people shudder.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan and Du Qifei looked at each other, and then went straight into it.

"Then it's all up to you." The two people who disappeared, the old Mingling Lei Jiao, couldn't help but muttered slightly, and their voices were full of anticipation.

"Wait...the strength of these two guys seems a little wrong..."

"Two Star Fighting Immortals is complete?" As Xiao Yan and the two just disappeared, Mu Ge couldn't help but said, obviously he didn't realize it at first, but only when they entered the passage with Dou Qi, they realized that the strength of these two people was a bit too strong. Too scary.

"Weng Om!" In the depths of the Lei Tomb, this is a space surrounded by darkness all day long. There is no energy in the space, and there is no existence of any creatures. Countless darkness shrouds this place, and the darkness is filled with extreme evil. The power of Xiao Sanshi will be completely assimilated, but let the darkness spread, in the deepest part, a touch of silver thunder will forcefully block these darkness, and the guardian will be the last paradise.

"Sir, what should we do now?" In the darkness, three volatile figures surged around, and then one of them said.

"This damned guy is not honest when he dies. With our current strength, I am afraid it is difficult to remove his protective power..."

"After all, this guy is a genuine five-star fighting immortal..." You Zun couldn't help but said.

At this time, the three people were all shrouded in black robes, and they could not see the specific outline, but they were You Huan of the Youhuan Clan, and Youzun Huanzun, the three of them were the most important members of the entire Youhuan Clan. The strength of the strong is at the level of four-star fighting immortals.

Among the ghostly eyes, there are two colors glowing with dim cyan light and a touch of strange green, while the eyes of You Zun are emerald green, and the magic Zun is dim cyan, which is extremely strange.

"The thing this guy is guarding is probably extraordinary. After all, he is Du Tianhong's master. At the beginning, Duan Tianhong was just a man with no power, but since Lei Tomb left, he has transformed himself into a great power. , I'm afraid it has a close relationship with him."

"And Duo Tianhong's power has also reached the five-star Dou Xian. If we can't detect the secrets in his body, I'm afraid we will not have any chance of winning against him." At this time, there was a trace of You Zun's eyes. Silky green evil aura.

"Wait and see."

"If it doesn't work, I can only force it... Although I am afraid that forcing the shot will attract the attention of the senior management of the sword-forging Thunder Valley, but this is also something that can't be helped..." At the next moment, Youhuan's eyes flickered with a strange two. Color energy renders this dark space even more bizarre.

"Weng buzzing!" The next moment, in the dark space, two light spots suddenly appeared, which instantly broke through the shackles of darkness and swept away frantically at the thunder at the core.

"Boom boom boom!" You Zun's hands were fast, his eyes narrowed, trying to intercept this mysterious breath, and suddenly he noticed a powerful pressure that he couldn't resist, and it spread out.

"What's going on?" Huan Zun couldn't help but wonder when he saw this.

"Someone should have entered the tomb..." Youzun said with difficulty, from the perspective of the fight just now, the guy who entered the tomb was stronger than the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, but the breath was too floating.

"Bang Bang Bang!" The two who swept away the tomb also broke through the shackles of darkness and entered the tomb.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan just noticed three extremely tyrannical evil auras, and the holy flame in his body spun rapidly, but just as he was about to do it, Duo Qifei took the lead.

"Shhhhh."

"It's okay." Du Qifei's beautiful eyes moved slightly, but there were clearly a lot of sweat beads on the bright and clean forehead, obviously just using the power of reincarnation to resist the evil of the alien race. It caused a lot of burden on her.

"In the future, leave this kind of thing to me." Helplessly glanced at Du Qifei's strong character, Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head and said, obviously Xiao Yan could vaguely perceive that with every call of Du Qifei The power of reincarnation, she also has something in her body, slowly occupying her body, once that thing is completely formed, I am afraid that Leizhu will also wake up completely, and then Duan Qifei may not be the same as now.

"En." After a short rest, Duan Qifei nodded lightly, she also knew that Xiao Yan was well-meaning.

"Where is this..." The next moment, Xiao Yan glanced around, only to see that this was a hill, with prismatic tombstones and graves constantly emerging on top of the hill. , all have the same word "Thunder", but Xiao Yan felt a dazzling masculine force from these tombstones.

"Here... it should be the resting place of the Eastern Continent's strong men." Duo Qifei looked around, then slowly got up, looking at the huge cemetery nearly a thousand feet in size, couldn't help muttering to himself.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: