Chapter 195: Fighting the Dragon Soul!

Xiao Yan was very surprised. He was thinking about the secret here, and at the same time, there was a terrifying energy quietly condensed in his hands.

According to what the Dragon Soul said before, the three masters a thousand years ago destroyed his dragon body, but none of them could kill it.

In the end, one was killed and two injured, so he could only be trapped here.

In this way, I am afraid it is not easy to kill its soul body.

Xiao Yan also pondered quietly. It is quite difficult to deal with this dragon soul by himself. Let's not talk about the strength of this dragon soul. Destroying this dragon soul will make Xiao Yan helpless.

Now it seems that the only way is to fight poison with poison, that is, to use his huge soul power to destroy the soul of this dragon soul.

Judging from the experience just now, although this dragon soul is extremely powerful, it is also quite weak in defense of the soul, so this method is very useful. I hope that it would be a pity to destroy the dragon soul.

Previously, Xiao Yan's Huang Quantian's anger and the attack of the strange fire also brought a lot of load to the dragon soul, so the dragon soul suffered a little bit of damage.

With a loud roar, Dragon Soul's body rose into the air again, and in the blink of an eye, it had regained its original strength.

Longhun looked at Xiao Yan and roared: "Human, it seems that I underestimated you. I didn't expect you to have such a powerful flame in addition to your strange movement skills. What a surprise."

Long Hun also looked at Xiao Yan greedily as he spoke. The terrifying fluctuations of the milky white flames on Xiao Yan's body were more powerful than the energy of the flames in the crater below.

In the beginning, this secret realm was a space opened up by an immortal warrior. The space was filled with a flame formation, which was used to seal the fire dragon. However, the three previous seniors obviously did not know that the dragon soul was born with fire and loved flames. The flame not only did not weaken the power of the dragon soul, but made the power of the dragon soul stronger, so that it failed.

So Dragon Soul relied on his own power to change this formation into the current crater, but now Dragon Soul sees the flames on Xiao Yan's body and becomes greedy.

The more powerful flame energy can make the dragon soul more powerful.

"I don't know what else you can do. Show it all off."

"I said here that no one can kill me."

"Now I'll look at you again, what other means are there?"

"Although I am in a state of soul, it is effortless to deal with you, but you are also the first human being who has entered so far, so I will slowly torture you to death when you are exhausted." Flickering with raging fire, it is very coquettish, and the breath on his body is also more and more solid.

Xiao Yan said coldly, "I don't believe that I can't take care of you!" When the words fell, the radiance of the ancient ruler of the eternal fire flashed in his hand, and a ruler several dozen feet long, with the momentum of tearing everything, fell vertically, as if It is like opening a mountain and cracking the ground, directly hitting the huge body of the dragon soul.

With a wave of the dragon soul's claws, a dragon-shaped energy met Xiao Yan's aisle. At the same time, the dragon soul's huge mouth opened slightly, and a cyan flame was like a spirit snake, expanding and contracting endlessly, rolling directly towards Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's eyes turned cold, and a gloomy white flame instantly condensed in the palm of his right hand, and shot it at the cyan flame.

With a palm shot, Xiao Yan's body instantly shifted and appeared on top of Dragon Soul's head.

I saw Xiao Yan full of brilliance of dozens of flames flowing, twenty-two colorful rays of light instantly filled the entire space, and the flames around him were instantly suppressed by his tyrannical and domineering momentum.

Xiao Yan's eyes burst into twenty-two colors of brilliance, and the power of his soul was also instantly released, frantically destroying and attacking the brain nerves of the dragon soul.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's whole body instantly revealed a arrogant and peerless Vulcan aura. At this moment, the entire space was filled with his domineering and wild flame power.

Xiao Yan stared at the dragon soul with a cold look in his eyes, just like a **** of fire descended, arrogant to the world.

Dragon Soul's body took off, fierce eyes flashed in his eyes, his mouth opened angrily, and he was very mighty. His body was about to sweep Xiao Yan when suddenly, a mysterious force easily broke through its body-protecting dragon gang, instantly hitting its central nervous system and frantically destroying the brain nerves in its soul realm.

The dragon soul was shocked, and the desolate ghost's fierce roar filled the entire space. The scream was very miserable and dazzling.

I saw that its body exploded automatically in an instant, and it suddenly recovered into a red air mass, which kept flashing the brilliance of on and off.

At this time, the dragon soul was severely injured, and the body was shattered by the tyrannical soul power, and the nerve center of the brain had been severely damaged.

The entire space was filled with its terrifying screams, which were extremely startling.

When Xiao Yan saw this, the huge soul force was also pouring in, not loosening at all, and firmly locked the dragon soul.

It is the so-called one-shot, then weak, and exhausted.

At this time, Xiao Yan just wanted to take a breath to shatter the soul power of the Dragon Soul, so as to achieve the purpose of killing it.

At this moment, the dragon soul shrunk into a zhang-sized red ball of light, flickering and flying in the air, obviously trying to get rid of Xiao Yan's attack.

It's a pity that it doesn't know that Xiao Yan's soul power is very miraculous. Attacks are not divided into time and space. No matter how you move your body, it is unavoidable.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The Dragon Soul screamed and dodged. After a while, it seemed to understand that it could not avoid the attack of this mysterious power, and everything was in vain.

The dragon soul begged for mercy at this time, only to hear its voice coming from the ball of light: "Ahhh?"

"Damn human, stop it!"

"What kind of power are you? Stop it!" There was trembling in that voice, and it seemed that it had suffered enough.

Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed, and he was thinking about what Dragon Soul said. Is it true?

After all, it was the first time they met, and no one could say whether it would be believed or not, so Xiao Yan needed to consider it.

After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan withdrew his soul power, looked at it coldly and said: "I hope your words are true, I can stop attacking But if your words are false, you should understand that I am not. I'll let you go."

"You..." Before Xiao Yan finished speaking, he suddenly stopped, and his body was immediately surrounded by a red air mass.

The dragon soul suddenly appeared beside him when he recovered his soul power, and the huge dragon mouth swallowed him in one bite.

At this time, the voice of the dragon soul came: "Human, you are indeed very powerful, much more powerful than that person back then."

"But I hate human beings, so I won't let you go. Now I will send you to hell, and let the fire of **** refine you all!" After speaking, the dragon's mouth closed tightly, and then the dragon's mouth The hot flames also emerged.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan in the dragon's mouth suddenly turned into a puff of white smoke and disappeared.

It is the clone technique that Xiao Yan cultivated!

At this time, Xiao Yan's heart not only felt a little bit of anger, but the fearful soul power was released again.

This time, Xiao Yan was ruthless, and the power of his soul turned into an energy that could not be detected by the naked eye.

"What's the matter?" However, Dragon Soul also found something wrong and walked towards Xiao Yan.

Just as Dragon Soul was about to arrive in front of Xiao Yan, an extremely hot and terrifying wave radiated out.

"Lotus of Silence!" Xiao Yan threw it out from the palm of his hand, and an extremely delicate lotus seed with twenty-two colors rushed towards the dragon soul!

The first day of the new year!

happy New Year to all!