Chapter Vol 4 1597: The 7th Sin Division, the Demon Emperor Siye!

"what happened?"

"What is the power that suddenly emerged... Our soul power exploration has been blocked." After Shun breath, the old ghost outside Qingshan couldn't help frowning.

"It seems that they used some rather tyrannical means." When Headmaster Luo heard the words, he slowly shook his head. Obviously, Xiao Yan and the guys from Qingshan Peak were not ordinary people.

But even so, the half-colored Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus that Xiao Yan had just displayed suddenly refreshed their cognition. You must know that the late stage powerhouses as strong as the Four-Star Dou Xian have completely fallen to the ground. They, I am afraid that the intensity of the attack they face will be even more surging.

"Let's just wait and see... Our dean and some of the headmasters in the grounds are also closely watching this place. If anything goes wrong, I'm afraid they will take action immediately." After Shun Qi, the place returned to calm. , and here is also being watched by many bigwigs in the Earth Spirit Academy. Obviously, at this moment, Qingshan Peak has become the focus.

Inside the Qingshan Peak, which is surrounded by the realm of darkness.

"Little chops!"

"The holy flame is just wasted on you, give it to me!"

"Only a genius like me can exert its greatest power!" Ling Yu's face was hideous, a dazzling flame suddenly emerged from his body, and immediately shot at Xiao Yan at a very fast speed.

"You are dreaming!"

"Swallowing Flame Technique!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and directly displayed the Flame Swallowing Technique.

"Four-star Dou Xian peak late stage?" Seeing Xiao Yan's sudden surge in strength in front of him, Ling Yu was sluggish for a while. Obviously, even with his experience, he had never seen fighting skills of this level before. The greed in my heart could not help but become a little thicker.

"Tian Yuan Ming Fire Palm!" With a loud shout, Ling Yu didn't hold back. The dazzling flame energy in his body was like a tide, with a dazzling fire attribute grudge, directly facing Xiao Yan's direction, blasting a huge energy. handprint.

"Bang bang bang!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't have time to defend himself because he had just finished using the Swallowing Flame Technique, so he could only rely on the body of the first transformation of the Dragon God and his own resistance to flames, trying to forcefully attack the flames. Next, but this seemingly simple blow actually made Xiao Yan's skin open.

"Boom!" Even if Xiao Yan was armed with the Great Seed of Flame and the Holy Flame, the damage of the flame power to him was greatly weakened, but when Ling Yu was hit by such a thick palm, he immediately took a few steps back. Hold your figure.

"This guy's strength is too tyrannical, and he hasn't used his domain yet..." Xiao Yan just avoided Ling Yu's blow and immediately moved while thinking quickly.

"Xiao Yan, you know that you are just like a mouse running around with its head wrapped around its head!" Ling Yu couldn't help laughing when he saw Xiao Yan's appearance, but his vigilance towards Xiao Yan was not slackening.

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan stopped moving suddenly, and with the help of the rock behind him, Xiao Yan suddenly stared, and with the help of the dazzling impact, at the same time, on the palm of his hand, a blanket of earth The golden palm print surrounded by yellow flames, covered with countless tyrannical fluctuations, quietly emerged.

"What is this?" Although Ling Yu was proud, he was always vigilant against Xiao Yan, so when Xiao Yan just moved, he discovered such a strange scene of Xiao Yan.

"Heavenly Mars Curtain!" Looking at Xiao Yan's aura like broken bamboo, Ling Yu waved his hand, a dazzling flame emerged from his body, and then formed a huge flame curtain of five hundred feet around him to protect himself.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan ignored it, and the seal of the Heavenly King was pushed out in an instant, and immediately smashed three huge flame screens in succession, and the speed just slowed down.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Break it for me!" With a cold snort, the dazzling energy of the Heavenly King's Seal suddenly burst out. At that time, the fourth giant flame of flame shattered.

"It's breaking!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the blue veins on his palm bulged, and a thick bloodshot filled his pupils! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Pfft, puff!" After the breath, as the last giant flame of flame hit Ling Yu without a trace, the battle circle they were in was also blocked by waves of energy ripples, and the sky exploded and resounded. .

Another place.

"You really are also a soul body." A cold sneer came out of the evil light.

"Hahaha!"

"It's just a little nameless guy. If it wasn't for the poor state of the master today, killing you would only take a blink of an eye, and you would be wiped out." The Lord of Soul Eater laughed with the power of black devouring.

"My lord?"

"It seems that this time, it seems that a strong person with good strength has been found, just to obliterate your soul body and honor my king."

"My name... The seventh criminal under "Sin", the Demon Emperor Siye!" The majestic voice slowly emerged from the dim light with an unruly power.

"The crime guard and the crime envoy... is the crime minister next?"

"A six-star fighting immortal-level sinner?" The Soul Eater sneered when he heard the words.

"You actually know our "sin"?" He exclaimed in the dim light when he noticed the sound coming from the black light group.

"It's just a worm serving the evil race outside the territory."

"There are not a few sinners who just fell into my hands." The Lord of Soul Eater sneered But the Lord of Soul Eater is clear that the rank differentiation among "sins" is extremely obvious, only the strength Only if you have enough or make a contact contribution, will you be given evil power by the evil tribes outside the territory, and the strength of the seventh sin division, among the "sins", is probably enough to rank in the top ten!

After all, among the "sins", there are countless believers and sin guards, and the sinners are in charge of these subordinates, the eight major sins, and they manage their own sins. Even above the eight major sins, there are "sin" officers. In control of people, even if it is the Lord of Soul Eater, he does not know who is in control of "sin".

"It seems that Ling Yu didn't do much harm to the world, and he was actually given the power of the source directly by the Seventh Crime Division..."

"Forget it, Ni Er and the others are almost here, just taking advantage of this time to hone this little guy." The voice of the Lord of Soul Eater just fell, and suddenly the dazzling power of devouring appeared all over his body, directly attacking the seventh Sin Division.

Sin, the Eight Great Sins Division, the weakest among them also has the strength comparable to the power of the human five-star fighting immortals, and the seventh sin Division, named Dark Night Devil Emperor, is a terrifying existence that controls the power of monstrous killing. , the strength has reached the level of six-star fighting immortals, but although the Lord of Soul Eater is not at the peak, it is obviously easy to deal with this kind of guy.

"Boom!"

"This guy is such a tyrannical force." On the other side, Xiao Yan has been dealing with Ling Yu, but even though Xiao Yan used the swallowing technique and the first transformation of the Dragon God, he never left any injuries on Ling Yu. Instead, Xiao Yan was already scarred.

"It can't be dragged on like this, it must be resolved quickly." Xiao Yan said solemnly, looking at Ling Yu who appeared in the sky with many phantoms due to his extremely fast speed.

"Boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's body, the spiritual palace shook violently, and then a tyrannical wave filled the air quietly.