Chapter Vol 4 1073: The missing soul control guide!

Xuan Sansan's night was quite soft and beautiful. In the cold sky, bursts of cold came.

Poison Sect.

"Five poisons, what's going on?"

"I need an explanation!" The Sect Master of the Poison Sect had just left the Burning Incense Pavilion and returned to their base camp of the Poison Sect. Suddenly, the Poison Sect seemed to have been looted!

The entire sect was filled with an extremely nervous look. If it weren't for the loss of the disciples, I'm afraid this poisonous sect master would be instantly furious.

"Return to Sect Master."

"While you were out, we have been keeping ourselves safe."

"But I don't know why, one night, an unknown strong man came and did not ask, and broke into our poison sect forbidden area without authorization. In order to protect the sisters in the sect, the deputy sect master fought with the mysterious man."

"But in just one encounter, he was seriously injured by the mysterious man..." The five poisonous auras were a little unsteady, and it was obvious that the mysterious man had left him with a lot of injuries.

"And then?" The Poison Sect's Sect Master heard that he was already furious, but he still suppressed his anger and asked.

Deputy Sect Master Zhou Ling, that is a genuine half-immortal strength, and he has cultivated poisonous fighting qi. In addition, this is on the site of the poisonous sect and their own, I am afraid that they have the power to resist the real fighting fairy powerhouse, but unexpectedly Even the mysterious man couldn't resist a face-to-face.

Does this mean that Zhou Ling is too weak?

Or is that mysterious person too powerful?

The Sect Master of the Poison Sect asked himself, even with his own strength, he couldn't be a powerful person who seriously injured a half-immortal.

"That mysterious man doesn't seem to be coming for us."

"He wounded the deputy sect master and jumped directly into the forbidden area. I don't know why. Then our elders in the sect took action and went to the forbidden area to search, but there was no trace." Wudu said.

"Nothing was lost?" The Poison Sect Sect Master asked, obviously what this mysterious person did was quite strange.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"No." Wudu said.

"Go down and recuperate." After the Poison Sect Sect Master finished speaking, he went directly to the forbidden area in the Poison Sect.

The Forbidden Land of Poison Sect, this is a small forest surrounded by special power.

Every powerhouse or disciple who has a poisonous body will detonate the poisonous body here, so as to gradually control it. Therefore, in this forbidden area of ​​poison sect, it is rendered by countless venoms, and a kind of poison is also born. Pretty mysterious stuff.

Soul control guide.

This thing was neutralized by countless venoms and naturally produced.

This thing is colorless and odorless, and it is extraordinarily transparent like clear water. Even the strong immortals cannot find it, but its effect cannot be underestimated!

Because the Sect Master of the Poison Sect once experimented, if he was infected with this soul-controlling guide, he would be instantly controlled by it. As for the mystery, even the Sect Master of the Poison Sect himself did not know about it.

"The soul-controlling guide has been in the entire Xuansan three days, so I know that this thing is a real poison, and nothing can happen."

"If it falls into the wrong hands, it may cause a real war." The Poison Sect Sect Master stood outside the forbidden area and muttered to himself.

After speaking, the handprint on the slender jade hand changed rapidly, and then a space channel suddenly appeared in front of him, and the Sect Master of Poison Sect poured directly into it.

"Sisi..."

"Is there someone else's breath?" The Poison Sect Sect Master had just entered the forbidden area, when he smelled an unfamiliar breath.

In that breath, there is a trace of hot flame power, but it contains a more majestic evil power.

"Oops!" Just after discovering this unfamiliar aura, the Poison Sect Sect Master secretly exclaimed, and then ran directly to the small mountain in the forbidden area, a bold idea emerged in his mind.

At this time, the Sect Master of the Poison Sect was already standing on the Poison Mountain, and the land here had turned black due to the penetration of venom.

"Are you okay?" After a while, the Poison Sect Sect Master came directly to the center of the forbidden area.

Immediately, looking at the round stone in the center, a delicate jade bottle was slowly rotating in the air, and she couldn't help but move her eyes slightly.

What's in this jade bottle is a soul-controlling guide!

Don't underestimate the slap-sized jade bottle, even a drop of Soul Control can still control the entire huge army after dilution, not to mention such a slap-sized bottle.

"No..." The next moment, when the Sect Master of Poison Sect was about to turn around and leave, his beautiful eyes were only staring at the jade bottle in front of him, and a strangeness emanated from it.

Because of the intuition, the Poison Sect Sect Master seems to think that something is wrong with this jade bottle, so just in case, it is absolutely necessary to check it easily.

"The seal... lift it!" The matter of controlling the soul was very important, and the Sect Master of Poison Sect did not dare to be sloppy, and immediately took action to dissipate the seal around the jade bottle.

"Shabu." And as the Sect Master of Poison Sect lifted the seal, the jade bottle was also returned to his hands.

The jade hand just fell into the hands of the Poison Sect Sect Master, there is no temperature, and there is no change, as if it is quiet.

"This is..." And the jade bottle just returned to the hands of the Poison Sect Sect Master, but his face became ugly, and a trace of fear poured into his heart.

"Damn bastard!" After a while, the fierce aura of the Poison Sect Sect Master suddenly burst out, and the monstrous poison swept the place.

The Poison Sect Sect Master is naturally sensitive to venom because he has a terrible poisonous body. The more violent the poison, the greater the fluctuation of his body, but at this time the Poison Sect Sect Master is holding the jade bottle There is no fluctuation in the body.

This means that the colorless and transparent liquid in the jade bottle in front of you is not a soul-controlling guide at all!

The soul control guide was stolen!

"asshole!"

"The soul control guide will temporarily control even the strong immortals. Even if I have studied for many years, I still haven't found a way to solve it."

"Who the **** did this?" The Sect Master of Poison Sect put away the jade bottle and said coquettishly, his voice full of anxiety.

She knew that the harm of this thing was far more terrifying than the Xuanling royal family.

This thing is like a deadly poison, because just with it, a huge army can be created!

"The Xuanling Royal Family?" After a while, the Poison Sect Sect Master regained some sanity and then spoke out.

After all, according to the behavior of the Xuanling royal family, it is very likely that they are.

"But it shouldn't."

"This Xuan Sansan, who can seriously injure a half-immortal with one blow, I am afraid that his strength must surpass that of a one-star Dou Xian, and a two-star Dou Xian, I am afraid that there is only one person in the entire Xuan Santian. What is going on?"

"no."

"This matter is too important, we must go to Fenxiang Pavilion to discuss with Fentian."

"If it was really stolen by the Xuanling royal family, I'm afraid this time the Demon Extermination Ceremony will not be so simple." After the Poison Sect's Sect Master finished speaking, his figure flashed and disappeared directly here, non-stop facing the location of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

Four more