Chapter Vol 2 790: Hate bosses!

"Gulu gulu!" Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying had just entered the Purple Bamboo Forest, and an extremely strong coercion instantly suppressed a lot of their strength, and accompanied by this strange suppression, there was an extremely harsh sound. The voice instantly rang from the purple bamboo forest in all directions!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan said coldly, and the dazzling soul power all over his body instantly flooded out, protecting the bodies of the two of them.

With the protection of Xiao Yan's soul power, the harsh voice was slowly isolated.

"What is it?" Mu Yingying looked around slightly, but found nothing, and immediately said.

"If it is expected, it should be one of the three weirdos who hates the old monster." Xiao Yan didn't hide it, he said directly.

"A powerhouse at the level of an eight-star Dou Di." Mu Yingying possessed holy flame, so she naturally sensed some other days, so she answered softly, and then didn't say much.

After a while, the two became quiet, because at this time they had entered the purple bamboo forest.

Looking around, this purple bamboo forest is full of purple bamboos. The bamboos may be thick or thin, and they are neatly arranged together, making people feel bright.

But what is very strange is that it seems that under each bamboo, there is a very small medicinal material!

Although it was difficult for others to find out, with Xiao Yan's sharpness as a pharmacist, he naturally couldn't escape his own eyes.

"The breath here should be hatred of the old monster, but these herbs are clearly what the monster needs to transform into. What the **** is this hated old monster doing..."

"And the medicinal herbs in the purple bamboo forest are too smelly, I'm afraid it's hard not to find out..."

"Could this guy use the purple bamboo forest to cultivate medicinal materials?"

"So what are these guys doing?" Xiao Yan said in a low voice, obviously those medicinal herbs were all necessary for the transformation of some monsters, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel some doubts.

"This bamboo forest is probably a formation." After a while, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

Although Xiao Yan set a soul imprint on Leng Fuyao, for some unknown reason, since Xiao Yan stepped into the Purple Bamboo Forest, he seemed to only vaguely feel that Leng Fuyao was still in the Purple Bamboo Forest. Where is not known.

When Mu Yingying heard the words, she did not disturb Xiao Yan to investigate the surroundings, and looked around vigilantly.

"Hey hey, I originally said that you two little dolls are not allowed to keep secrets. It may be quite difficult to deal with. I never thought that you two little dolls would be fooled."

"Since that's the case, then when the old man has finished dealing with my affairs, let's have a good time with you." Just as Xiao Yan was trying to find the mysterious atmosphere in the Purple Bamboo Forest, a wicked smile suddenly sounded in the depths of the Purple Bamboo Forest. .

With this smirk, some bamboos in the purple bamboo forest seemed to move vaguely.

At this time, Xiao Yan only focused on cracking the formation of the Purple Bamboo Forest, naturally he did not feel the voice of the mysterious old man, and Xiao Yan felt that this Purple Bamboo Forest was full of danger.

However, Xiao Yan smiled slightly.

"Soul strength is good, but I don't know if I can succeed." After a while, in the depths of the Purple Bamboo Forest, the figure who hated the old monster slowly appeared, and in his hand, Leng Fuyao was casually held.

At this time, Leng Fuyao fell into a coma, but there was no serious problem, but the true face of that hated old monster was exposed.

This hated old monster has a human body. With hands and feet added, it is a human being with a slender body. If you look at it from the back, you will obviously think it is a beautiful man, but when you see it on the face, it is I was shocked, this person was actually a person with only half of his face!

On the cheek, the right side is human-like, but the left side is pitch-black, quite strange, making people shudder!

That feeling, as if the left side of the face, whether it's eyes, nose or mouth, have disappeared in half!

"But the aura on this woman is really weird." Just when the hated old monster was going to do something to Leng Fuyao, he stared at Leng Fuyao and said something.

"What is this..." The next moment, the hated old monster actually found a very weak **** from Leng Fuyao's body, and with the discovery of this white power, the hated old monster's tone became stiff.

"It's really not easy." After a few breaths, the figures of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying slowly appeared in front of the hated old monster, accompanied by a burst of silver-white light.

"Why did you guys appear here?" The hated old monster didn't seem to have thought that Xiao Yan was so smart that he could find this place. This place is deep in the Purple Bamboo Forest. And this Xiao Yan came here so easily, which is enough to show that this Xiao Yan is not simple.

"It's also thanks to that thing in your hand." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, obviously relying on the trace of soul imprint he left on Leng Fuyao with himself, plus the use of the space teleportation array, he came here in an instant. Otherwise, with the complex formation of Zizhulin, I am afraid that Xiao Yan and the others will not be able to escape for a while.

"Boy, what about you coming here?"

"This is my territory, and if you come here like this, it's just death in vain!"

"Look at the move!" After the hater finished speaking, he put Leng Fuyao aside, and his figure exploded, attacking Xiao Yan.

"Hey, don't be too busy attacking. I believe that you will be happy to meet a second-grade emperor alchemist."

"Right, hate the old monster?" In the face of the hating old monster's attack, Xiao Yan did not dodge, but said quietly.

Because Xiao Yan knew that the strength of this hated old monster was probably comparable to that of a human being in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor.

However, Xiao Yan discovered after entering the Purple Bamboo Forest. The structure of this Purple Bamboo Forest has the smell of an array, but under each purple bamboo, there is a kind of herb, that kind of herb, Xiao Yan is no stranger, so there is such a bold scene.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"A pharmacist of the second rank of emperor?"

"Where?" The hated old monster was shocked when he heard the words, and then the terrifying attack of his palm disappeared in an instant, and he hurriedly searched around.

"It's far away from the horizon, right in front of you." Xiao Yan immediately smiled when he saw that his guess had an effect.

"You wouldn't say you kid, would you?" The next moment, the old hater's tone suddenly became weird, and he used a very special power to probe Xiao Yan.

"You..." Seeing this, Mu Yingying wanted to summon Sheng Yan to resist the investigation of the hated old monster, but was stopped by Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan smiled and shook her head at Mu Yingying.

"This soul power is really a pharmacist at the second-rank emperor rank." After a while, the hated old monster suddenly said, the one-eyed exudes an extremely terrifying fluctuation.

"I've waited too long for this day." The next moment, the hated old monster suddenly spoke to Zizhulin in all directions. The sound was so loud that it caused the Zizhulin to be extremely shocked.

"So, hate the old monster, why are you planting so many transforming herbs?" Xiao Yan hated the old monster loudly as he saw the mood change, and immediately opened his mouth, but he vaguely knew some news.

Ask for tickets!