Chapter 48: Harvest the bloodthirsty dragon magic core!

The woof wind blew through the mountains, bringing up yellow dust. The lush green forest and the cave of the bloodthirsty dragon had turned into a piece of mud at this moment.

When the last trace of the energy storm slowly dissipated, Xiao Yan and Yue Ru in the sky just opened their eyes, and their eyes slowly swept across the extremely messy mountain range below, and finally fell gently and walked slowly. Going to the place where Bingtian blew up, there was a huge crater several tens of meters in size, and at a glance, it was impossible to see the bottom.

His eyes swept across the pothole. Xiao Yan's footsteps suddenly came to the giant pit, where there was a slight inconspicuous light.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"Fortunately, I brought a 'Turtle Breath Pill' with me when I came out. This kind of self-destruction can deceive the remnants of the Fenglei family."

"This time I will go back and clean up this **** Fenglei family. Even a small Fenglei family wants to compete with our Solomon. It's just over their own capabilities!" There were bursts of voices in the weak rays of light.

"I'm sorry you may not have this chance." Xiao Yan also appeared at the location of the light like a ghost.

The palm of his hand touched the light slowly, a sneer suddenly appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, terrifying flames blasted out fiercely, the ground burst open, the wood chips flew, and an illusory soul escaped in panic, and finally flew towards the sky. Go, and then start to move, the surrounding space is suddenly solidified.

"Elder Bingtian has a good plan, his body exploded, relying on the special effect of the medicinal pill, a trace of soul escaped, but it's a pity..." Xiao Yan looked at this illusory soul with a smile and said softly.

"Xiao Yan, don't kill me, we can have a good talk, you don't want to offend us Solomon just like that, right?" The soul was trapped, and immediately turned into Bingtian's illusory face. At this moment, there was a real sense in his eyes. Fear, if this trace of soul is destroyed by Xiao Yan again, he will really be finished.

"I don't want to go to this stage either, but someone who doesn't even let off his own brothers..."

"It's really not as good as a beast!" Xiao Yan sighed softly, stretched out his palm, and immediately held Bingtian's soul.

"Xiao Zang, Solomon won't let you go, just wait to die!" Feeling Xiao Yan's killing intent, Bing Tian cursed bitterly.

"Bang!"

Xiao Yan's face was expressionless, and when he squeezed his palm, Bingtian's soul burst open, and immediately turned into a spot of light, which disappeared.

Looking at the dissipated soul spots, Xiao Yan knew that Bingtian, the elder of Solomon, had said goodbye to this world completely.

"Careful mind. No retreat to the enemy..."

"Very good." The Golden Dragon King couldn't help but say.

In a faraway place, in a quiet wooden house, among the hundreds of plaques, a plaque exploded!

The old man on the side closed his eyes and slowly opened his eyes. There was a thick black in his eyes, giving people a strange feeling!

"How dare you kill me, Elder Solomon!"

"Go on and investigate this person thoroughly!"

"Yes! Sect Master!"

There was a strong anger in the old man's words, and before the words fell outside the door, someone took action.

Yueru blinked suspiciously on the side, she did not see the scene where Xiao Yan destroyed Bingtian's soul, but she felt that her father, who had a high vision in the past, had an extremely high evaluation of Xiao Yan. .

A faint laughter suddenly sounded on the mountain peak, and Xiao Yan's figure slowly appeared in front of Yue Ru.

"Xiao Yan."

Seeing Xiao Yan appear, Yueru immediately shouted with joy.

"The body of the bloodthirsty dragon is still there!"

"You know where the preciousness of this beast mummified corpse is, right?"

Her eyes were fiery and introverted, Yue Ru suddenly stared at the body of the demon dragon beside her, and said a little eagerly, apparently not realizing the little trick Xiao Yan had done just now to take advantage of the big explosion.

Uh, Xiao Yan was obviously frightened by Yueru's question.

Looking at the huge, but extremely stiff body of the bloodthirsty dragon in front of him, Xiao Yan also held it and felt it gently.

Immediately, he waved lightly with the Ancient Eternal Fire Ruler behind him, and the somewhat rigid head of the dragon was like tofu, cracked out of thin air, and the fracture was as smooth as a mirror...

A dazzling light flashed out.

"It's the magic core! That's great." Yue Ru also smiled at Xiao Yan with great joy, and finally she didn't find out what she was worried about. I will be unhappy.

However, Yueru is also concerned and confused. If it exceeds the eighth rank, that is, the magical beasts that are enough to rival the strong Dou Sheng, will definitely produce magic cores.

"Let's go, since the magic core is in hand, let's go to the main hall to have a look." Yue Ru is also not greedy, since she has both the crescent moon Cuiguo and the magic core Xiao Yan needs, then there is nothing. Worried.

"Wait, this bloodthirsty dragon has treasures all over its body." Xiao Yan also saw it, and took a closer look at this huge body.

"What sharp claws..." The sharpness of this thing made Xiao Yan take a breath.

"Why are you looking at all this garbage? You don't think you have enough time to grab the great fortune?"

"Just the blood of the dragon is useful."

"You refine these blood, I can feel that these blood contains the talent of bloodthirsty form - bloodthirsty, I want to rely on the refined blood to be able to display it." The Golden Dragon King also felt the atmosphere.

Xiao Yan's head is covered with black lines, this bloodthirsty dragon is still the overlord of one side anyway, so many valuable things in blood and body, how can they become garbage when they reach the mouth of their master...

But it's no wonder, considering the status of one's master, this kind of thing is really...

Xiao Yan also saw the extraordinary blood from the bloodthirsty form of the bloodthirsty dragon just now, and immediately extracted the blood of the dragon.

Breaking open the body of the demon dragon, a **** aura rushed towards her face, Yueru's face was a little ugly, the scarlet color inside the demon dragon, as the calcination of the flame intensified, it became more and more intense, and at the end, It turned out to be completely condensed together Immediately in Xiao Yan's surprised eyes, it turned into a drop of scarlet blood, penetrated along the surface of the flesh and blood, and finally passed through the flame and dripped down.

Seeing the blood dripping down on the ground, Xiao Yan's eyes were quick. Quickly took out a jade bottle of quite good quality from the ring, and then put the drop of blue-red blood into it.

After catching the scarlet blood, Xiao Yan breathed a sigh of relief. He raised his head and glanced at the burning milky white flame, and found that with the dripping of the blue-red blood, the piece of meat turned out to be directly calcined by the flame. In the middle, it turned into nothingness, and not even the ashes were left behind.

Looking at the seven drops of scarlet blood in the jade bottle that did not mix with each other, Xiao Yan had no choice but to shake his head, with a wave of his hand, he put away the flames in front of him, and then grinned and smiled at the jade bottle. In the collection ring, I didn’t expect that the body of a demon dragon, which few people in Feng Yi had not noticed, could be created by him. In Xiao Yan’s opinion, the value of these seven drops of scarlet blood would never be worth it. Weaker than the dragon, and even, in a way, stronger...

This blood contains the extremely violent power of the magic dragon. This thing cannot be used indiscriminately, otherwise, it will definitely make him fall into the tragedy of body explosion, but this is nothing to Xiao Yan. The problem is that he is an alchemist himself, and he is quite reconciled with the violent factor in these energies. As long as he is given enough time, at that time, he will be able to absorb all the blood safely.

Therefore, this time, Xiao Yan not only collected the demon core of the demon dragon, but also these seven drops are enough to cast the bloodthirsty form protective film of the bloodthirsty demon dragon, which is comparable to the blood essence of the five-star fighting emperor's all-out blow, and the harvest is quite satisfactory. !

"Go, go to the main hall."

Xiao Yan and Yueru turned into a shooting star, heading towards the great hall deep in the mountains.