Chapter Vol 4 1199: plan

"In the late stage of the Sanxing Dou Xian, I am afraid that we must gather our entire team to cope with this strength." After a while, Shuiyue opened her mouth slightly, and her voice was full of solemnity.

They don't know how strong the Sanxing Dou Xian is in the late stage, but the only thing they know is that Yu Yifeng once used his strength in the middle stage of the Sanxing Dou Xian to forcibly kill three strong players in the early stage of the Sanxing Dou Xian.

From this, it can be seen that the strength of Sanxing Dou Xian in the later stage is probably more powerful than Jade Legacy.

"We have to break them one by one."

"First lure the guy in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian to kill him, so that when Captain Jade arrives, we will work together to deal with the guy in the late stage of the three-star Dou Xian."

"Otherwise, the remaining two-star fighting immortal late stage guy is enough to change the whole battle situation." Xiao Yan also calmly analyzed.

"Can we do it..." Yu Xiaoye and Liu Qing on the side were obviously a little afraid of Xiao Yan's actions. After all, the strength of the two of them was only one-star fighting for immortals. Although there were some techniques of pressing the bottom of the box, they were definitely not as perverted as Xiao Yan.

"I agree with what little brother Xiao Yan said."

"This guy in the late two-star Douxian, I'm in charge of the main attack, how about you assist me?" Shuiyue smiled at Xiao Yan and said immediately.

"Don't be so troublesome, I happen to have a roll of formation in my hand, which is just right to trap this guy."

"At that time, the main attack will be Brother Shuiyue. After all, the powerhouses in the late stage of the Two-Star Dou Xian, I am afraid that only the powerhouses of the same level can cause damage to them." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"The Scroll of Formation?" After Xiao Yan said this, the three of them looked at Xiao Yan as if they were looking at monsters.

The strength in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal defeated the powerhouse in the later stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, the third-rank alchemist of the emperor rank, and now there is another scroll of formation, which makes the three of them can't help being a little bit shocked.

After all, forget the first two, the maker of this formation scroll must be an array mage, and the formation mage is one of the rarest professions in the world. It is really enviable to obtain a powerful formation scroll. .

And when Xiao Yan heard this, he could only helplessly laugh.

However, the scroll of formation in Xiao Yan's mouth was a pretense. Obviously, Xiao Yan did not have a scroll of formation, but was preparing to condense one on the spot.

After all, the cultivation of the Array Master is closely related to the spiritual power, and the spiritual power seems to resonate with the soul power.

The basic of the array mage is the spiritual power, relying on the spiritual power to drive the core inscriptions of life, condense the inscriptions, and form the formation.

A thousand core inscriptions are enough to deal with a one-star Dou Di, and if you want to deal with a one-star Dou Xian, you must reach 10,000, and as for a two-star Dou Xian, you need to reach 20,000.

As for the late 2-star Dou Xian guy in this criminal force, according to Xiao Yan's speculation, at least 26,000 core inscriptions are needed to be able to barely stop it.

Originally, Xiao Yan was quite negligent in the cultivation of the Array Master. In the past, there were at most four or five thousand core inscriptions, but after Mu Yingying sacrificed, with the Holy Flame Heart, Xiao Yan's whole body seemed to be completely new. Both the spiritual power and the soul power have been enhanced a lot under the action of the Sacred Flame Heart.

In addition, the core inscription of the natal life has been successfully integrated by half, and its power is even stronger.

"Then it's decided."

"Next, we will discuss the battle plan in detail."

"This plan can only succeed, not fail." Seeing that the three of them were no longer suspicious, Xiao Yan smiled.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yep."

"In the beginning, we used this guy as a bait. Xiao Yan, you used your soul power to lure that guy in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, and cast an array to trap him. Shuiyue attacked... like this..." The four of them also Nervous discussion in the altar.

In a hill a few miles away from Shawu Village, there are beautiful mountains and clear waters in this hill, and there are even some quite hidden wooden houses.

"Village Chief, the members of the Eagle Eye Team didn't die, but instead captured the mysterious man who had something to do with the alien race." A tall and fit man approached and said to the village chief.

"What?" When the old village chief heard this, he was sitting upright, but he got up and said in shock.

The old village chief obviously didn't know that the three guys were from the "sin" force, but under pressure, he could only betray the Hawkeye team to ensure the lives of their villagers.

"Village chief, what should I do now?" The man who had just passed the message was speaking in a daze.

Their Shawu Village has always been helped by the Hawkeye Squad, but in the end they bit them back, which is uncomfortable for anyone else.

"Ugh……"

"One wrong step, one wrong step."

"Forget it, gather the clansmen and leave here." The old village chief shook his head slightly, full of helplessness. He knew the style of the Hawkeye team. Even going back at this time would not help, and the location of the entrance to Icefire Island, the old village The chief also told them, which made the old village chief feel less guilty.

"Yes!" The man heard the words and quickly went down to prepare.

Several other places.

In the underground passage of Shawu Village, two men slowly appeared here, motionless, both of them stared at each other intently.

"Sinner, you are doing this, but it's too much!"

"You clearly know that this Hawkeye team was hired by me to go to the Ice and Fire Island to rescue the strong members of our trapped clan!" The black-robed man surrounded by ghosts said angrily The Tenth Soul of the Ghost Kingdom Respect, soul mourning. "The man with the word sin on his back couldn't help but sneer.

"Sinner, I need you to give me an explanation!" Soul Shang was still unrelenting, and roared directly at him.

"Humph."

"Soul, don't use your ghost kingdom to oppress me."

"We "sin" have never been afraid of you."

"As for the Hawkeye team, we are just because the undead leaves are in their hands."

"When we get the undead leaves, we won't make it difficult for them." The sinner said softly.

"Immortal Leaf?" Hearing this, Hun Shang frowned. It was obvious that since Hun Wuya fell, the news of Undead Leaf had gone to hell.

"That's right." The sinner said softly.

"Your "sin" and our ghost kingdom is a cooperative relationship anyway. I hope you don't destroy our plan." Hun Shang left a sentence viciously, and then disappeared.

"Humph."

"How old are you in the ghost kingdom?"

"Even if it is the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts, he respects our "sin" by three points, and the little soul is not worth mentioning." The sinner looked at Soul Shang's figure disappearing, and suddenly made a rather disdainful voice.

In the distance, Yu Yifeng and the others also took the things they needed to enter Icefire Island and headed towards Shawu Village.