Chapter Vol 4 1512: The second seal formation, the Dawn Light Gate! ...

"Damn it!" Xiao Gui also muttered slowly with a gloomy expression on his face. Obviously, the strength of the Four Star Fighting Immortals in this poisonous temple is complete, and wanting to kill the two of them is as simple as pinching an ant.

"Get out of the way!" Before it was too late to explain to Xiao Gui, or to investigate the figure of the ghost, Xiao Yan's voice was extremely solemn, and he pushed Xiao Gui away directly.

"Little human, die for me!"

"Shabu Shabu!" At this moment, a trace of green fighting qi emerged from the hands of the Earth Poison Brake, and then he suddenly grasped his hand tightly. Suddenly, countless giant energy snakes composed of deadly venom in the dark space frantically faced Xiao Yanbang. Shooting away, the number is staggering. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

What surprised Xiao Yan and the other even more was that the Earth Poison Bracers actually ignored the ghosts of the turquoise energy space, which was probably the place where the Poison Braces Demon Queen was suppressed.

"Boom!" In an instant, Xiao Gui was pushed out by Xiao Yan, and immediately countless vicious snakes composed of deadly venom shot directly at Xiao Yan, such a terrifying impact, even if it was a four-star fighting immortal. The strong will be instantly obliterated.

"Whoa!"

"Fire!"

"Dragon God's first change!"

"Second transformation!" In an instant, the dazzling fire-red flame power and the khaki-yellow holy flame suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan's body. At that time, the display of the first transformation of the Dragon God made Xiao Yan's physical strength increase. One level, the second change of Dragon Sense, although it didn't have much effect except to deal with the dragon clan, Xiao Yan didn't show any negligence and directly displayed it.

"Boom!" After a short while, countless poisonous snakes came directly to Xiao Yan's side, then opened their **** mouths and bit the flames above Xiao Yan's body. It was dim, and when all the flames dissipated, I was afraid that Xiao Yan's situation would also become extremely dangerous.

"Tear it!" Even with the blessing of the Great Heaven Seed, Saint Flame and the First Transformation of the Dragon God, these extreme energy snakes still gave Xiao Yan an extremely terrifying fluctuation.

"Gaze... Eyes!" After a while, Xiao Yan forcibly endured the pain that went deep into the bone marrow, and then the dazzling soul gathered directly in front of the ground poisonous brake. A void slowly emerged.

"Little chops!"

"Fall down!" After a while, the evil poisonous gas on the body of the earth poisonous brake burst into a dazzling wave, and then injected into the poisonous snakes. In an instant, the poisonous snakes broke through Xiao Yan's flame defense in an instant, and were about to bite. When it comes to Xiao Yan's body, any Xiao Yan's physical strength is tyrannical, and if he is bitten by these poisonous snakes containing evil poisonous gas, he will probably end up with a serious injury.

"The eye of staring!" At this critical moment, the void in front of the Earth Poison Brac suddenly gathered dazzling soul power, and the space suddenly wriggled, and a gray pupil without any power appeared. The gray pupil just emerged, and suddenly faced the Earth Poison The brake slowly flickered, and the Earth Poison Brake had no defenses, and was caught in the eye of staring for a while.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Without the support of the evil poisonous gas from the Earth Poison Temple, those evil poisonous snakes instantly turned into white mists and slowly disappeared under the baking of Holy Emperor Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Gui, go to see the ghost!" Xiao Yan hurriedly separated a trace of his soul and walked towards Xiao Gui, and this poisonous snake could only be intercepted by himself.

"Bastard..." After a while, the Earth Poisonous Sha also returned to normal, and the gaze disappeared instantly, but the Earth Poisonous Sha's aura became chaotic at this time, obviously it was caught in the eye of the stare, and there must be a lot of side effects for a while. .

"Big brother..." Xiao Gui looked at the stalemate between Xiao Yan and Di Du Sha, and just wanted to rescue him, but was stopped by Xiao Yan's strange soul power.

"Damn it..." After saying that, he also took back the information of the weak soul power, and then chased towards the place where the soul evil was.

"This guy..."

"There is actually the fluctuation of holy flame, the strength of the mere three-star fighting immortal middle stage. If we don't remove it at this time, it may become a serious problem for our foreign evil clan in the future." With Xiao Yan so full of power, Di Dusha's eyes became gloomy, he knew It is wrong to underestimate Xiao Yan, then the evil poisonous gas around him will gather more and more continuously, trying to obliterate Xiao Yan.

As for Xiao Yan, he is relying on the holy flame in his body, the flame power of the Great Heaven Seed and the power of the Dragon God Transformation, and his eyes are vigilantly staring at the Earth Poison Brake. The strength of the two is too huge, and now we can only hope that Xiao Gui or Soul Evil can release the Poisonous Demon Empress sooner.

"Boom!"

"What is this?" Soul Nie naturally discovered Xiao Yan and the two of them when they entered the ancient Qiankun formation. After all, there are some incredible things about Soul Nie, but later they cracked the ancient formation and encountered the poison. When he stopped, he directly shifted the attention of the Earth Poison Brake to Xiao Yan, and he could also directly approach the core of the seal.

The center of this dark space is a strange space surrounded by turquoise light, but the turquoise space seems to be blocked by some mysterious power and dark fear, which makes people feel extremely uncomfortable at first glance.

In this peculiar space, there are frightening powers, but the surrounding is vaguely separated from this dark space by some power, so the ghost just came to the green space for a few counts. When I was in rice, I didn't dare to act rashly.

"Boom!" After a while, the dazzling soul power emerged from the soul, so a remnant of the soul in his hand was forced out of the black robe.

"Ahhh!"

"Don't kill me!" The broken soul body that just appeared seemed rather weak, and when he saw the figure of the ghost, he couldn't help trembling and said After all, the strength of the fighting immortal in front of him was impressively beaten by the ghost It was obliterated, so he was extremely afraid of ghosts.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Don't worry, I won't kill you, you just need to go from here, and I will let you go." The ghost pointed to the turquoise space that was close at hand, and said slowly.

"Okay!" Hearing the words, the nearly transparent remnant was overjoyed, and without hesitation, he directly drove his weak soul body away to the turquoise light. In an instant, even if it was a near-death, he was willing to try, after all, he stayed in the ghost of the soul. In his hands, he suffered the pain of life that was worse than death all day long. That kind of torture was like hell.

"Ah ah ah!" A ferocious voice resounded.

"Weng Om!" A burst of dawn-like light of dawn slowly poured out from the turquoise space. Under this near-sacred power, even if it was a soul, the aura in the body became disordered. Obviously this The energy contained in the white light is enough to easily destroy oneself, and the remnant soul is immediately destroyed under it, and no trace of power is retained, and it is directly reduced to ashes.

"Well, you are the King of Heaven, and you have actually set up two seal formations in the Demon Suppression Prison!" Instantly, the face of the ghost became hideous, and it was difficult to crack the ancient formation of Qiankun and enter the place where the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple was sealed. , I can't imagine that there is not only the protection of the Earth Poison Temple, but also another formation that binds the Poison Temple Demon Empress under the seal, and the one that really binds the Poison Temple Demon Queen is probably only the formation in front of her. As for the ancient Qiankun formation, More is to play the role of a blindfold!

"Weng Om!" In an instant, an extremely sacred white light burst out from the blue-green space in the center of the dark space, dispelling all the evil in this space, leaving behind a sacred and inviolable ray of light. Bright breath.

The sealing formation of the light-type powerhouse, the Dawn Light Gate!