Chapter Vol 2 722: find fault

"Dougie Pavilion?"

"Remains?" Xiao Yan suddenly became puzzled after hearing Qin Xin's voice.

"Don't you know?"

"Originally, after we entered Tongtian River, we could go to Doudi Pavilion to cultivate the treasures of the temples in each hall, but you are better, you don't know what to do in Tongtian River alone, and you stay for two months. Since our incense burner was founded, there are only a handful of disciples who have entered the ninth-level cultivation cave, and you are the seventh."

"But it's also the most powerful one." Qin Xin said, only then did she realize that the man named Xiao Yan in front of her was extremely good.

Not only did he join the Burning Incense Pavilion because of his own ability to win the first place in the points plundering competition, but he also killed the twin ghost emperors, and now he has practiced in the Tongtian River for two full months!

All of these make Qinxin, who has always taken excellence as her responsibility, feel a trace of happiness.

"Hey, are you alright?" Xiao Yan on the side was still listening well. After all, about the Dou Technique Pavilion and the ruins, no one talked to Xiao Yan, so Xiao Yan naturally didn't know.

"Ah!" With an exclamation, Qinxin immediately returned to normal.

"Xiao Yan, you have to be careful. Now the people in the Earth Palace are full of hostility towards you. Among them, the second Senior Brother Earth Palace has reached the level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor after Tongtianhe came out." Qin Xin came to her senses. He opened his mouth immediately.

"A powerhouse in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di..." Xiao Yan was slightly startled.

This second apprentice brother of the Earth Hall, Zhu Yuan, had a relationship with him before. This person made Xiao Yan feel an inexplicable pressure. I am afraid that he must have his strength to become the second apprentice brother of the Earth Palace.

However, the current Xiao Yan's strength has also reached the completion of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, and he is not far from the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. With the addition of many means in his hands, I am afraid to deal with the powerhouses in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, even if he can't defeat, self-protection is no problem.

"Or what are the ruins you just mentioned?" Xiao Yan was curious.

"That ancient relic, the specifics are not known yet, but the pavilion master has already sent news, it is estimated that it will be revealed in four months, and then we will know." Qin Xin smiled mysteriously.

"Okay." Xiao Yan saw that Qin Xin was like this, so he didn't want to ask questions. After asking a few times, he left here directly.

"This Xiao Yan's identity seems a bit mysterious..."

"What do you need to check, Miss." Xiao Yan had just left when a middle-aged man appeared beside Qin Xin.

The middle-aged man said to Qin Xin with an invisible wave all over his body that was extremely terrifying.

However, if the top of the Fenxiang Pavilion is here, they will definitely know that this person's strength has reached the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor!

"No."

"Let's hurry up, we will go back after the sect competition. After all, the people from the Holy See are also urging us. This time, I want to go back..." Qin Xin finished speaking, a wry smile appeared in her mouth, and then she put the palm of her hand in her hand. Hold tightly.

"Miss, we can definitely go back this time." Seeing that Qin Xin was a little excited, the figures around her immediately comforted her.

"It's okay, it's all over. What I lost, the next time I go back, I'll make them all back."

"Also, the high-level officials of the Fenxiang Pavilion have been dispatched more frequently recently. You should not enter, or you will be discovered by the high-level officials of the Fenxiang Pavilion, which will be troublesome." Qinxin finished speaking and walked away from here.

"Yes, Miss." The middle-aged man slowly agreed, and then watched Qin Xin leave.

"Fenxiang Pavilion, although you are the number one super sect on the Xuanling Continent, but in terms of our entire Doudi Sifang Continent, you are a little behind."

"After all, our Holy See walks everywhere in the Sifang Continent." After the middle-aged man finished speaking, his figure flashed and disappeared.

"It's been a long time, why hasn't Xiao Yan come back?"

"Nothing will happen, right?" Inside the Five Bamboo Residence, Mu Yingying walked back and forth a little restlessly.

Just a few hours ago, news came out that Xiao Yan had left Tongtianhe, but no one knew where he went.

"Don't worry, I think Xiao Yan should come back soon." Mu Feng heard the words and immediately spoke up.

However, Mu Feng also wondered where Xiao Yan would go.

While a few people were talking, a very uninvited guest came to Wuzhuju not far away.

"Is this the Five Bamboo Residence?"

"I didn't expect them to have so few disciples in the Human Palace, and the place to live is really good." The leading figure said slowly.

The figure at the head was dressed in fiery red clothes and had curly hair, obviously quite handsome.

As for the fiery red figure, there are two figures.

The two figures have a submissive look.

"Big brother, Xiao Yan should be inside, do you see if we go in directly, or..." One of the younger brothers said to the fiery red figure.

"Idiot!"

"If we go in by ourselves, we will mistakenly enter the place where the disciples of the Hall of Humanity live. The deputy hall masters know that it is only us who will be punished. After all, we are wrong." The fiery red figure is also one of the strongest in the hall today. By.

Red Qi!

A powerhouse in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di!

Although his strength is only in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, he is too showy, so not many people are willing to pay attention.

"Second Senior Brother asked us to come and test the water this time, and I'm afraid the rewards will be very rich when we go back." The two younger brothers were a little happy when they thought that Second Senior Brother asked them to come here this time.

After all, these two senior brothers are the most prestigious and powerful in the entire Earth Palace.

"Don't worry, after this is done, you will be indispensable." Hong Qi said.

"Let's start." The next moment, Hong Qi said.

"En Hong Qi just finished speaking, when the two younger brothers next to him suddenly looked at Wuzhuju with a malicious look.

"what……"

"Why are these people hiding in front of our Wuzhuju entrance?"

"Could it be that he is plotting against us?" At this time, Green Flute had just returned from outside when he saw this scene and was slightly surprised.

However, Lu Di didn't see Hong Qi, but only saw his two younger brothers.

Although Hong Qi's strength has reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, the strength of those two boys is only in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, so Green Flute has no intention of being afraid at all.

"The two of you?"

"What are you doing here sneaking?" A cold snort sounded directly from the mouth of the green flute.

"This woman has such an enchanting figure." When one of the two younger brothers saw this, he immediately stared at the green flute.

"Idiot!"

"This person is the green flute of the Human Temple, and he has the blood of the snake people. You don't want to follow her way." Seeing this, another younger brother scolded viciously.

"It's actually a snake man, bah!" The younger brother just finished speaking, the next moment, a chill flashed in their eyes, and without the slightest hesitation, they started directly at the green flute!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since you are also from Wuzhuju, the difficulty will start with you." After the two finished speaking, a terrifying attack was brewing directly!

Ask for tickets!