Chapter 45: The bloodthirsty dragon lizard's last resort!

"Hahaha!"

"You don't need to know this, we will naturally be well-prepared to deal with you!" Bingtian controlled the sky-piercing beam of light and whizzed away at the dragon lizard!

Bingtian flashed past with two beams of light reaching the sky! In an instant, he came to the front of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard.

"Bang bang bang!"

A series of two sky-penetrating beams of light like chains surrounded the bloodthirsty dragon lizard.

When the bloodthirsty dragon lizard saw this, the secret path was not good. It was surrounded by these two pillars of light, and its own power seemed to be rapidly declining!

"It's really worthy of being a dragon pillar. It has such a powerful and overwhelming suppression on the bloodthirsty dragon lizards that have some trace of dragon blood!" Xiao Yan looked at the bloodthirsty demons who were being forced to retreat. Dragon Lizard Road.

"Boom boom boom!"

The passionate dragon roar rioted wildly with the tail of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard.

At this moment, the entire cave was also swept away by the bloodthirsty dragon lizard. It was no longer what it used to be. The dragon's tail brought a streak of terrifying energy that could rival the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor and attacked the ice sky.

"Suffer to death!" Bingtian shouted loudly, then shot at the dragon lizard.

Obviously, Bingtian also noticed that the strength of the dragon lizard was being madly suppressed by the dragon pillar. How long would it be if he didn't attack at this time?

"Dong dong dong!" The beam of light through the sky seemed to possess intelligence, deftly deflected the attack of the demon dragon, and then strung it towards the demon dragon lizard under the blessing of Bingtian's body covered in white mist.

The bloodthirsty dragon lizard also saw this clever sky-penetrating beam of light, and just wanted to avoid it, but unexpectedly, the space he was in was already sealed by the double-chained dragon column's sealing array, and the cave of his own The space was sealed extremely seriously!

The pupils of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard were suddenly covered with a layer of scarlet color at this time, making people look very strange.

It is also clear that this double-chained dragon pillar is worthy of its name as the nemesis of dragon monsters, and once one is locked by this chain, it is very likely that it will be damaged today! When he thought that he, who possessed the blood of the dragon race, could be forced to be so embarrassed by humans, when he thought that if he were to be damaged today, then the consequences could be imagined.

Dragon has always been arrogant.

Even a bloodthirsty dragon with only a trace of silk dragon blood is no exception.

"Did the bloodthirsty dragon lizard give up resistance at this time?" Yue Ru also stared blankly at the demon dragon who did not move at all in the face of Suolongzhu.

"It shouldn't be. Have you noticed the change in the pupils of the dragon?"

"The more powerful the beast, the harder it is to kill, and the more powerful the beast has three forms, a lurking form, a fighting form, and a violent form."

"The latent form is the weakest of the monsters. This form of monsters will hide and disguise, and will not reveal too much power, while the fighting form uses most of the power of the monsters, which is several times stronger than the hidden shape. If it is a monster Forced into a desperate situation, it will be the last desperate means - the violent form, this form of beast is the most terrifying, and it is more than several times stronger than the previous two forms."

"Look at the demon dragon carefully, the bloodthirsty dragon lizard, the bloodthirsty dragon lizard, his violent form may be related to bloodthirsty." Xiao Yan also spoke slowly.

Yueru also looked at Xiao Yan with a bit of surprise. The latter not only has outstanding strength, but also has superb refining skills. The most important thing is that he is a bold and careful person, staring blankly at Xiao Yan, not knowing what he is thinking.

What Xiao Yan knew was naturally what the Golden Dragon King told him. Otherwise, how could Xiao Yan know so many secrets? He immediately raised his head and looked at the bloodthirsty dragon in battle. Awesome, I didn't pay attention to Dao Yueru at all.

The battle is in full swing.

Bingwu looked at the dragon lizard as if it had given up resistance, and two sky-penetrating beams of light gradually wrapped around its tail and dragon claws.

"Hahaha!" Bingwu couldn't help laughing, thinking that he could complete the mission by sealing the dragon, Bingwu couldn't help but let out a long sigh of relief.

"Not good!" Although Bingtian didn't know the different forms of beasts, when he saw the pupils of the demon dragon trapped by the dragon lock pillar, his eyes changed greatly!

"How can it be!"

"Humans! I said that you will pay the price!" The Demon Dragon Lizard said fiercely as it stared at the people in the cave.

The natural talent of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard!

Bloodthirsty! A circle of red protective film is formed around the dragon lizard. Bloodthirsty not only gives the bloodthirsty dragon an amazing protective film, but also greatly increases the attack power of the bloodthirsty dragon in a short period of time!

It can be said rudely, even if the current bloodthirsty dragon lizard is trapped by the dragon pillar, and its strength is suppressed to the level of a human three-star fighting emperor, but the protective film of the dragon is not Bingwu Bingtian, these people can work together. It was opened, and the attack of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard was stronger than the previous one!

five minutes! Bloodlust can last five minutes! Don't say five minutes, even one second can decide whether the battle will be won or lost.

As we all know, every beast will be born with natural talents, but very few of them can successfully cultivate. Bingtian and the others obviously know it, but they did not expect that this bloodthirsty dragon lizard actually succeeded in cultivation!

Even if the bloodthirsty dragon lizard was trapped by the dragon pillar, it held up its arrogant head under the bloodthirsty violent form, and a stream of hot energy was brewing in the dragon's mouth!

It is the most powerful attack method of dragons!

Dragon Breath!

At this time, the bloodthirsty dragon lizard's dragon breath in its bloodthirsty form, even Bingtian and Bingwu, are not at all sure that they can take it.

"Damn, it's still a wrong move!" Bingtian said viciously.

"What do I do now?" Bingwu also frowned. Although the bloodthirsty dragon in front of him was trapped by the Dragon Chain, its protective film with astonishing defense power required all efforts to crack it, even if it was a five-star Doudi powerhouse. can't run! "Bingtian also calmly analyzed at this time.

Immediately, looking at the clouds and mist in the sky and the remaining Solomon disciples, a trace of chill flashed in his eyes.

"This is the only way now."

"Solomon disciple obey!"

"Blood sacrifice!" Bingtian shouted loudly.

The Bingtian Blood Sacrifice had just been drunk out, and the dozens of Solomon's remaining disciples were running around as if they had met a ghost, because they also knew that the so-called blood sacrifice was to use blood as a sacrifice, condensed on one person's body, A powerful burst of power in a short period of time.

In other words, it doesn't make any difference to let them, the disciples of Solomon, die!

"Death to me!" Bingtian turned into a huge and hideous face, with a distorted smile, and when he opened his mouth to the Solomon disciples who were about to run away, he devoured them.

"If you take something that doesn't belong to you, it's time to return it." Bingtian apparently said to the seriously injured Bingwu.

"Whoosh!" Bingwu also hurried back, and he also knew that the Bingtian at this time was no longer the original Bingtian.

"Pfft!" Bingwu didn't escape in an instant, and was directly swallowed by Bingtian!

Without exception, Solomon's disciples were all swallowed up by Bingtian.

That Bingtian's strength is also skyrocketing at this moment!

The initial stage of the Four Star Dou Di!

The middle stage of the Four Star Dou Di!

Four-star Dou Di late stage!

"This emperor is really powerful. The strength of the four-star fighting emperor in the late stage is so suppressed. I'm afraid I can persist in it for a minute."

"However, one minute is enough to solve you, little beast!" Bingtian looked at the bloodthirsty dragon, smiling a bit evil and looking very strange.