Chapter Vol 4 928: The resurrected Xuanling royal ancestor?

"See Master." A majestic voice slowly echoed on the seventh floor of the entire underground palace.

However, after the old man finished speaking, he didn't turn his eyes away, he just looked at King Xuanling like a newborn child, who regarded King Xuanling as his closest person.

"This..." King Xuanling forcibly endured the dazzling power in his body, and then opened his mouth slightly.

At this time, the silver statue had been shattered, and some were just an old man. The old man had a vicissitudes of life, but the pupils were abnormally white, and then he stared at the Xuanling King and called respectfully.

"Blood Demon, what are you doing?" King Xuanling, who was a little frightened by this sudden scene, couldn't help but let out a loud cry.

The old man in front of him was the ancestor of their Xuanling royal family, with the strength of a dignified two-star fighting immortal. Even if King Xuanling had ten thousand courage, he would not dare to admit this relationship rashly, otherwise he would not be able to eat and walk around.

"Hehe, King Xuanling, don't worry."

"Since you have decided to plant the blood curse of our Gorefiends in your Xuanling royal family, then as the Gorefiend clan chief, I naturally want to give you some benefits." The blood-colored Gorefiend Origin Power laughed.

"How is this going?"

"Medusa's power just now?" King Xuanling was also a person with extremely sharp eyes, and he just discovered some clues.

"That can no longer be called Medusa."

"The power of the pure blood of the ten-color swallowing python, the power of one color alone, can crack the petrified pupil of Medusa. Thankfully, the little girl just now has too little practice, so I don't know the secret." said the blood demon.

"Is this the founder of our Xuanling royal family..." The next moment, after hearing the Gorefiend's explanation, King Xuanling's eyes looked at the old man full of vicissitudes in front of him.

"The founder of the Xuanling Royal Family, Xuan Cang, a powerhouse in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian, once alone fought against the Medusa clan with three Dou Xian sitting in the town, but was defeated by one of the Medusa in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian. The royal family cast the petrified pupil of Medusa, and thus was completely sealed, I can't imagine that after thousands of years, it will be resurrected after all." King Xuanling couldn't help but said.

"Resurrection?"

"It's not resurrection."

"Although the seal of Medusa's petrified pupil has indeed been lifted, the soul power and mind of this Xuan Cang have probably already been wiped out." The Gorefiend shook his head and said.

"Destroyed?"

"How can it be?"

"Xuan Cang, he has the strength in the middle stage of the two-star Dou Xian." Xuanling King heard this, and naturally he couldn't believe it.

"Haha, you must have underestimated Medusa's petrified pupil."

"The Medusa family is known to control the most tormenting soul attack, and the petrified pupil of Medusa is an unpredictable soul attack."

"It can even be said unceremoniously that the petrified pupil of Medusa, I am afraid that in your human world, among the soul attacks, it can be ranked first!" The Gorefiend said obviously with some fear.

Even he didn't dare to face Medusa's petrified pupil rashly, otherwise, if he was accidentally sealed, it would be more painful than being suppressed by holy flames.

"A person who has been hit with the petrified pupil of Medusa will be instantly sealed into a stone statue, and will be tortured by the soul all day long, even if your ancestor is powerful, so many years have passed, the mind and soul in the body power, It has long since ceased to exist," said the Gorefiend.

"Bastard." King Xuanling couldn't help but shout when he heard this.

"But it's fine."

"Although there is no soul power and mind, the guy in front of him has extremely well preserved strength, and his current strength is also a genuine two-star Dou Xian early stage powerhouse."

"You just need to inject your soul power to enter, this Xuan Cang will be dominated by you and will always submit to you!" said the Gorefiend.

"Is this true?" King Xuanling was overjoyed when he heard the words.

"Don't you know if you try it?" said the Gorefiend.

"Soul power, go out!" Xuanling King heard the words, directly mobilized a huge soul power from his body, and then poured it into Xuan Cang's body.

At this time, Xuan Cang seemed to be like a newly born child, and did not resist, allowing King Xuanling's soul power to enter.

"Boom boom boom!" After a few breaths passed, the pupils of the Xuanling King suddenly became crazy, and a wild laughter suddenly echoed in the seventh floor of the underground palace!

"Hahaha!"

"Xuanxin, have you seen it?"

"The power of the ancestors of the Xuanling royal family that you have planned for so many years has finally arrived in my body!"

"What a **** founder of the Xuanling royal family!"

"From now on, my Xuanling royal family will completely bloodbath the entire Xuansan three days!"

"And Xiao Yan's little bastards, kill my outstanding disciple, and when the strength in my body stabilizes, I will definitely go to your Burning Incense Pavilion to be a dignitary!" King Xuanling's frantic voice echoed slowly.

"It seems to be a success."

"However, this Xuan Cang's end is also extremely bleak, and it actually ended up like this." After the blood demon emissary finished speaking, he slowly disappeared, obviously going to plant a blood curse!

Their blood demons suffered heavy losses in the previous war between heaven and earth. If they wanted to recover their vitality, they had to rely on the blood of human beings!

And the best way to collect human blood is to cooperate with King Xuanling.

After all, they have cooperated with King Xuanling for so many years, and King Xuanling has provided them with a lot of human blood, many of which were secretly collected by King Xuanling from the disciples who competed with Fenxiang Pavilion. The grievances of the royal family.

"Just let this guy chatter."

"When my blood demons' vitality is almost restored, then this continent is ours. As for the three ghosts of the blood river continent in the ghost world, they want to compete with our blood demons, and they are crazy blood After the Demon Envoy finished speaking, he left here in an instant, leaving only King Xuanling and Xuan Cang.

"Xuancang." King Xuanling said in a sublime position.

"My subordinates are here." Xuan Cang said respectfully.

"Hahaha!" Seeing Xuan Cang being so obedient, King Xuanling laughed.

King Xuanling could feel that the power of his soul in Xuan Cang's body was deeply ingrained.

"My king!"

"Oh no!"

"The Medusa clan has attacked with a large number of strong men. Our Xuanling royal family has suffered heavy losses at present!" Just when Xuanling King smiled extremely brightly, in an inconspicuous space, Wen Zi directly poured out of the passage. out, and then spoke to King Xuanling.

As soon as Wen Zi finished speaking, he suddenly found that the current King Xuanling's aura seemed to be different from before, even stronger than Qin Tian!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And not far from King Xuanling, an old man with a soft face also appeared slowly. When his eyes just saw the old man, the fighting spirit in Wen Zi's body instantly solidified, and a chill emerged.

He glanced at the silver statues of the ancestors of the imprisoned Yan Chi and Xuanling, and found that neither of them were seen.

"Let's go."

"Some lowly snake people."

"This time, kill them all." King Xuanling swept up after he finished speaking, and left here with Wen Zi. As for Xuan Cang, he followed King Xuanling closely.