Chapter 295: Dou Nuclear, Dou Xian, Domain!

The five Xiao Yan also lived in Wuzhuju, each with their own independent room. Presumably this is also the meaning of the Burning Incense Pavilion. The newcomers live in a close place, firstly to facilitate these newcomers to practice and communicate, and secondly, it is also for unity. , after all, it is also a good dispatch when something happens.

Time passed by every second, and night came quickly.

In the five simple wooden houses in the Wuzhu Residence, Xiao Yan, Xiao Yi, Mu Feng, Ludi and Mu Yingying lived separately.

At this time, the five of them also officially joined the Burning Incense Pavilion, and I believe that Tomorrow Mu Xuzi also let him officially cultivate.

However, this is also the first time these five people have joined this huge super sect.

In a wooden house on the edge of Wuzhu's residence, it was Mu Feng's residence.

"Hey……"

"I didn't expect this Burning Incense Pavilion to be like this..."

"If I knew earlier, I shouldn't have listened to my father..." Mu Feng also said a little depressed.

Back then, his father said that the Fenxiang Pavilion was very good. Although his father went out from the incense pavilion, Mu Feng always thought it was strange, but he couldn't tell what was wrong.

"That Xiao Yan is really amazing, he was able to achieve this step with the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor early stage..." There was shock in Mu Feng's voice!

But don't look at Mu Feng's carefree appearance, no one can compare with his thoughtful words.

"But he is also a person to befriend, especially the fire lotus seeds that merged at the end. The power is really terrifying. If it were me, I might not be able to resist it." Mu Feng also said slowly.

After finishing speaking, he also went back to the bed and sat down. The battle of the points plundering competition also consumed a lot of strength. Although the fighting spirit has recovered, the body is also very tired, and it is time to take a nap to give the body a holiday.

"It seems that the grievance between the Xuanling royal family and our Medusa family is far stronger than I thought..." Green Flute's residence, Green Flute also said slowly.

It is true that Green Flute is a Medusa Snakeman, and the blood in his body cannot be faked, but he was adopted by humans since he was a child, so he is no different from ordinary humans, except that the extremely charming aura that belongs to the Snakeman is indeed true. Can't hide it at all.

Moreover, the reason why Green Flute wants to participate in this point grabbing competition and join the super sect is also with her obsession.

"My Lady Queen..."

"Although I don't know where you came from, the blood on your body gives us a very friendly feeling, so I will definitely get the things from the Burning Incense Pavilion!" the way.

Looking at the appearance, it is not so simple for this green flute to join the Incense Pavilion.

On the other side, Mu Yingying's residence.

"Hey……"

"Brother Yanchi doesn't know where he went. Will I be scolded by him if I sneak out like this..."

"My elder brother said that humans are all bad people with evil intentions, but how can I find out..." Mu Yingying also sat beside her bed, and then slowly swayed her rather slender legs.

It's just that the moment he said something, what came to his mind was the scene of Xiao Yan fighting the twin ghost emperors in the corpse forest.

"It seems that they are not as scary as my brother said..." Mu Yingying also smiled slightly.

For Xiao Yi, she went to bed early. After all, she just broke through the realm of fire elf, and she also needs to be consolidated.

After all, I have some strange contracts with Xiao Yan, so I can't rest assured.

Xiao Yan's residence.

"These five wooden houses are really strange. Each one is a small space independent of each other. No one will notice what you say or do in it..."

"This Burning Incense Pavilion is really strange." Xiao Yan also looked around the wooden house.

The wooden house is quite simple, but the living utensils are readily available, and it is extremely clean. Obviously, someone is often responsible for cleaning.

Xiao Yan also sat down, and then sat on the table, just about to raise a teacup to drink water, but found that the fighting spirit in his body was full of excitement...

"This fluctuation is..." Xiao Yan was also greatly surprised, and then no longer hesitated, he sat on the bed in an instant, then crossed his legs and closed his eyes slightly.

"Hehe, you kid..." The figure of the Golden Dragon King also floated out. Although the incense pavilion is strong like a cloud, how sacred is his master, the Golden Dragon King, how could he be afraid of these characters.

Moreover, given the strength of the people here, even the current state of the Golden Dragon King's soul cannot be found. After all, the title of the Golden Dragon King is not for nothing.

"Let's break through first."

"It seems that the step-up battle is also a huge exercise for you, and now you can break through to the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words, and then concentrated on controlling the extremely violent fighting qi in his body.

The Dou Di strong, the Dou Qi in his body has already formed a Dou Qi Sea, so Xiao Yan also discovered these huge seas of fire in his body, which should be where his Dou Qi Sea is located.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If you want to enter Dou Xian, you have to compress and condense the Dou Qi sea in your body to form Dou Xian, so you can step into Dou Xian." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also appeared.

"Douhe?" Xiao Yan was also extremely surprised, obviously this was the first time he had heard of such a secret.

"Yes, Douhe!"

"The Douhe is a place to compress the Dou Qi sea in your body to condense a more powerful place to store Dou Qi, which is called Douhe."

"The Douhe is the most important symbol of the Douxian strong!"

"And there are a lot of powerful things in Douhe..."

"For example... the domain!" The Golden Dragon King's voice also sounded like a dull thunder in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Douxian..."

"Battle core..."

"Domain..." Xiao Yan was also extremely shocked, obviously these things are also extremely terrifying!

"Is Dou Core the standard for Dou Xian..."

"There is also understanding... It's really some good things." Xiao Yan also smiled, and then he advanced.

At this time, Xiao Yan's vindictive energy spread out from his body, and he was like a fire god, possessed by flames.

The huge fighting qi also gathered from all directions, and then all poured into Xiao Yan's room and emerged into Xiao Yan's body.

"Shabu Shabu!" More and more fighting qi poured into Xiao Yan's room, and Mu Yingying and the others also noticed the change just wanted to check it out, when they received a biography from Xiaoyi. sound.

"Xiao Yan is advancing, don't worry."

Just a few words, like a reassurance, the three of them quietly stayed in the room and did not go out.

"Success." Xiao Yan also slowly exhaled.

The reason why this promotion will be so fast this time, on the one hand, was caused by Xiao Yan's battle with the twin ghost emperors. At that time, Xiao Yan's strength had already reached the middle stage of the four-star fighting emperor. At that time, there was no immediate promotion to prevent accidents. Therefore, the strength has also been greatly improved, and the promotion at this time is like a natural progression, naturally very fast.

"The sea of ​​fighting qi in the body seems to have consolidated a little..." Xiao Yan also discovered that the extremely huge sea of ​​fighting qi in his body had a certain solid state when he was promoted to the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor.

Although it was very weak, it did not escape Xiao Yan's soul perception.

After the promotion was successful, Xiao Yan didn't stop at the battle core that his master Jin Longwang said. After all, Xiao Yan still understood the reason why he couldn't make a big fat man with one bite.

"There seems to be something moving on your body..." The Golden Dragon King also stared at Xiao Yan and said.

"This is..." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also hurriedly used his soul power to investigate Najie, and indeed found that something was moving.

It was a rather simple jade. If it were on the Dou Qi Continent, there would be another way of saying it...

There is the Soul Jade!

Ask for tickets!