Chapter Vol 4 1538: Ice Demon Swordsman!

"Hum!" As soon as Xiao Gui's voice fell, the water in the creek suddenly trembled, and then, as if looking at an intruder, roared towards Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan.

"Be careful!" Although Luo Menglan's reaction speed was quite good, the dazzling fighting spirit all over her body suddenly urged, trying to stop these things, but her speed was actually half a beat slower than Xiao Gui, her defense had not been fully deployed, and suddenly Xiao The ghost's defense will arrive in an instant.

A loud bang sounded abruptly, and a terrifying offensive was about to come. Suddenly, a strange black energy filled Xiao Gui's body, forming an extremely tyrannical black light shield in front of the two of them, which tightly protected them both.

"Boom!" Countless streams in the creek burst suddenly, turning into extremely sharp ice cones, attacking Xiao Gui with bursts of cold light, and on the ice cone, a trace of cold light made people feel Palpitations!

Immediately, countless ice picks just came to Xiao Gui and hit the strange black shield. They were like moths fighting a fire, and they disappeared in an instant. At the same time, the water flow in the stream was temporarily suppressed by Xiao Gui's strange ghost energy. .

"Hey...how is the aura on this guy a ghost..."

"Could this guy be an aboriginal inhabitant of the ghost world?" Looking at Xiao Gui who was so close and arrogant in front of him, Luo Menglan rolled her eyes and asked in doubt, it was obvious that there was a gloomy aura hidden in the dazzling ghost aura on Xiao Gui's body. The power is quite tyrannical, and this kind of breath is only possessed by some native residents of the ghost world, and those native residents are all outstanding existences.

"It's all right." After struggling, Xiao Gui easily blocked these attacks, and immediately after confirming that the river was calm, he smiled at the woman in front of him.

"It's really dangerous here." Luo Menglan nodded slowly when she heard the words.

"There seems to be a cave below?" After a while, as the stream returned to calm, a dark cave appeared not far away, and even a loud snoring sound came from it.

"What a tyrannical sense of oppression." Luo Menglan stared at the dark cave not far away, and immediately said, obviously that cave should be where this trip was, but there was a strong oppression hidden in this snoring, which made her quite discomfort.

"Let's go, the following should be the habitat of the big guy, be careful." Luo Menglan was careful, but Xiao Gui made a good impression on him, but he didn't get into the ghost aura on his body, and the two slowly walked down.

"This brook doesn't seem to be that simple." Just as Xiao Gui and the two went down, Xiao Yan's figure appeared behind them, and he immediately bent down and stretched out his palm to face the brook.

"Sisi!" As soon as his palm touched the brook, a burst of chills penetrated his heart, causing the flames from Xiao Yan's body to appear on Xiao Yan's body involuntarily.

"It's such a cold stream. I'm afraid the water in it is not an ordinary thing." Xiao Yan suddenly put his palms away, and then stared at the stream. The water was crystal clear, but the breath in it made Xiao Yan Feeling terrified.

"It seems that my guess is correct. The creatures living in this secret passage are probably the ice demon swordsmen." After a short while, the phantom of the Soul Eater appeared, and he looked into the depths of the secret passage and muttered.

"Ice Demon Swordsman?"

"It is said that this is a very cunning soul beast, with a human-like form, and it has a deep control over the swordsmanship, combined with the ice-type fighting spirit on its body, its strength is even more unfathomable..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his heart was also slow. Muttering, it is obvious that this kind of soul beast has a fierce reputation, and Xiao Yan has known it for a long time.

"It seems that the so-called treasure is guarded by this guy." Xiao Yan also looked away from the stream and headed for the depths. In an instant, the corner of his mouth raised a smile.

"This stream is not easy."

"It is said that the ice demon swordsman's body is like that of a human being, but like a human, he will regularly release some excess power to maintain the balance of power in his body."

"And this guy himself is the leader of the ice attribute, so the power in the body is discharged and gathered in the stream, and this is the scene." The Lord of Soul Eater analyzed.

"That's true of the real ice demon swordsman, but it's just a spirit beast formed from an energy body... Logically speaking, it shouldn't have such a tyrannical power."

"But if this is true, I'm afraid the ice attribute power on this guy has fully reached the level of a small heaven." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

"Okay, follow." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan also disappeared from here.

"Hey!" After a while, Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan also appeared in the depths of the cave.

"Here... it's getting colder as you go down, and the snoring and oppression are getting stronger and stronger." Xiao Gui took the lead in the front, looked around, and said vigilantly.

When the two heard the words, they looked at each other immediately, and then walked cautiously towards the bottom.

"It's here." After Shunxi, Luo Menglan's eyes looked extremely solemn, she raised her fingers slightly, and pointed to the depths of the cave in front of her.

"This is..." In an instant, Xiao Gui followed his fingers, his eyelids twitched violently, and a shock appeared in his heart.

"Hush!" After a while, Luo Menglan also hurriedly stretched out her small hand and directly covered Xiao Gui's mouth and nose so as not to make Xiao Gui lose his voice, and then the two leaned against the edge of the cave.

At this time, the depth of the cave where the two of them were located was quite small, only a few meters in size. A trace of silver spar appeared around the cave to light it up, and the boundless white cold air around it was filled with A chill.

Even in the depths of the cave, a lake gathered by streams emerged, but in the lake, all the ice cubes existed, as if it was completely frozen, and even in the center of the ice cube lake, there was a tens of meters high. The mountain peaks uplifted high, and the mountain peak is made up of countless ice blocks. On top of it, an irregular crystal block that is about a few meters long is like a rock. It stands quietly. The two of them just saw this crystal block, and they suddenly felt as if they had fallen into a cold abyss, and a chill emerged.

"Be careful, otherwise we will be in trouble if we wake it up." Luo Menglan, who covered Xiao Gui with her small hands, said cautiously.

"This guy... such a tyrannical power." Xiao Gui knew that this spirit beast's strength was extremely tyrannical, and immediately said.

"This guy is called the Ice Demon Swordsman. It is said that he has the same form as us humans, and can form such a rocky state to protect himself when he is asleep. His intelligence is quite low, and he only uses some swordsmanship and ice-type fighting spirit, but Even so, it has the strength of the four-star Dou Xian early stage." Luo Menglan said with her eyes moving.

"By the way... the treasure you said?" After a while, he looked away from the quiet sleeping guy and asked.

As soon as Xiao Gui finished speaking, he suddenly saw a dazzling milky white light slowly emerging hundreds of meters below the lake that seemed to be frozen in ice.