Chapter Vol 4 1293: The 10th person to advance directly!

"Huhu..."

"I don't know what happened to Xiao Yan?"

"With his strength, it shouldn't be difficult to successfully pass the first stage..." At this time, inside the sword-forging Thunder Valley, a beautiful figure was slowly lying in a rather elegant boudoir, with Xiao Xiao in his mind. Flame figure.

Xiao Yan's strength and temperament are simply too strong. Liu Qing didn't realize it at first. When he finally entered Icefire Island and met Sanmu Ghost Eye, Xiao Yan asked them to go first and stopped Sanmu Ghost Eye by himself. Undoubtedly, it left a great shock in Liu Qing's heart.

"Sister Liu Qing?"

"What are you doing?"

"Mysterious and mysterious." At the next moment, a shadow silently poured into Liu Qing's boudoir, and then her icy and clean hands directly blocked Liu Qing's eyes, her voice pretending to be an adult.

"Qifei!" Seeing this, Liu Qing couldn't help but let out a coquettish cry.

"Sister Liu Qing..." Being drunk by Liu Qing like this, another figure couldn't help but take back his little hand, and then made a mischievous face at Liu Qing.

"I knew it was you..." Liu Qing raised his finger and gently tapped it on Qian Ying's forehead.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This woman is impressively the only daughter of the current Thunder Valley Master, Du Qifei!

Duo Qifei and Liu Qing are about the same age, but they are a little younger than Liu Qing, but Duo Qifei, as the only daughter of the entire forging knife Thunder Valley Master, has been gifted since childhood, and now her strength has reached a two-star level. In the middle stage of the immortal, with the addition of a set of gold silk armor made by Gu, the combat power of the whole person is increased geometrically.

Now Liu Qing's strength has also reached the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian.

"Sister Liu Qing, what are you thinking?" Duan Qifei asked slightly.

Liu Qing is a high-ranking figure in the Holy See, and just after he came to Leicheng, the evil power of the master of the forging knife Thunder Valley relapsed at that time. It was Liu Qing who took action to suppress him, so Liu Qing was also directly attacked. Nominations advance to the first stage.

In the first stage, there were nine people who could qualify for the arena, and the last one was Liu Qing.

"Nothing." Liu Qing shook his head gently.

"Sister Liu Qing, although we have already advanced, but this competition will be very interesting. We will go out to practice quietly, and my father will not find out..." Duo Qifei said expectantly, obviously because of his special status, Du Qifei is also bound in the Thunder Valley of Forging Blades all day long, so naturally he is quite curious about the outside world.

"This place is heavily guarded, so is there a way to get out?" Liu Qing was a little puzzled when he heard the words. After all, this is the core area of ​​Thunder Valley, and the guard force is far from what the two daughters can resist.

"Look at me." After Du Qifei finished speaking, she whispered a few words beside Liu Qing, and then the two girls laughed slowly.

With Duqifei's quirky personality, he naturally knew the way out of this place for a long time, but he never used it.

The first day of the competition passed quickly. The place where all the contestants of Xiao Yan lived was a huge mountain range. The mountain range was huge, and the spiritual energy of heaven and earth contained in it was extremely rich, which was quite suitable for cultivators to live in. The middle level is clear enough to easily accommodate tens of thousands of competitors. There are space formations and many patrolling guards outside the mountains, so whether it is a safety issue or a travel issue, it is extremely convenient.

"Contestants who made it to the top 100, please go to the Desolate Arena."

"The top fifty will be decided today." In the middle of the mountain, a majestic voice sounded slowly.

With the sound of this voice, the top 100 contestants living in the mountains also became restless.

"Let's go to the arena first." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he opened the door and saw Yu Ran beside him.

"Your record yesterday seems a bit terrifying." Yu Ran Ran said slightly.

Xiao Yan advanced yesterday with a record of six wins and six wins, and although he was also in the top 100, he had five wins and one loss.

"Five wins and one loss..." When Xiao Yan and the two walked towards the space formation, Xiao Yan also knew about Yu Ran Ran, and he was more or less puzzled.

You must know that Yu Ran Ran is a genuine two-star fighting immortal late stage. Her strength is so strong that even Xiao Yan is not easy to deal with. She never imagined that she would be defeated by such a tyrannical person.

"The one who defeated me yesterday was the head of the Leicheng Mercenary Guild, Mu Ge, a strong man who has reached the two-star Dou Xian Consummation." Yu Ran Ran couldn't help but move her lips and slowly opened her mouth.

Yesterday's battle with Mu Ge was too fierce, even if he tried his best, he was defeated.

"Let's go." After a while, the two walked directly outside the space formation, then looked at each other, stepped into it, and walked towards the barren arena.

This space formation is impressively connected to the barren arena, so they naturally won't worry about others.

"Welcome to the top 100 strong players to the barren arena." The next moment, the strong light of the formation appeared and gradually disappeared, and a wild voice filled the hearts of everyone slowly.

"What a strong breath." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved slightly, obviously feeling an extremely tyrannical oppression from this voice.

Desolate Arena, this is the largest arena in the entire Thunder Realm, and its energy barrier is enough to take on the attack of any three-star fighting immortal powerhouse, so the final competition here is also enough to line up.

"Everyone is in the top 100 in the first stage of this Eastern Zhou Rival. Today, it is still the draw of lots to decide the opponent, so that the top 50 will be decided." A huge figure slowly floated in the center of the arena and said to everyone.

"The third master of Thunder Valley forging knife, Tianfeng?" And as the strong light disappeared, some powerhouses also discovered the figure who was in charge of their competition this time The third master of Thunder Valley forging knife, forging sky Feng, the strength in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals!

The two masters of the knife-forging Thunder Valley are powerful and powerful. The masters negotiate with other forces and refine weapons all day long, but the vice masters are extremely mysterious. There are three masters under them, each with a clear division of labor responsible for the large and small affairs of the valley.

"I am the person in charge of the top 100 until the final nine, Duan Tianfeng." The figure in the arena slowly descended and came to Xiao Yan's crowd.

Everyone saw that there was also a trace of silver thunder lingering on this figure, which was extremely mysterious to set off its strength!

"Susu... The third head of the forging knife, Lei Gu, Du Tianfeng, what a tyrannical guy..." The shadow hidden in the crowd also made a slight voice, restraining his dark aura, otherwise he would be at this level In the hands of a strong man, he would definitely die without a place to be buried.

"No matter what kind of attributes and skills you have, as long as you don't endanger our East Continent, you will have the opportunity to participate in the East Continent. Dao Lei Gu will definitely bring you to justice!" Duo Tianfeng naturally found the dark figure with ease, his majestic voice slowly opened, and his voice was full of turbidity.

When everyone heard this, they nodded sadly.

"Since everyone has no objection, then the top 100 will advance to the top 50. Let's start the lottery." He casually glanced at the 100 people around and no one was dissatisfied, and Du Tianfeng said with a smile.

As soon as the voice fell, a guard appeared directly from the secret passage, and the wooden box was drawn out, waiting for everyone to draw lots.