Chapter Vol 4 1827: Election Day, 10 Seniors!

Wangcheng, this is a place where countless elites are stationed. Every time there is an important decision made by the Lin family in the Tianxing Continent, it will be held here again.

At this time, in the blue sky that was originally sunny for thousands of miles, the sound of low thunder continued to sound, and dark clouds that were extremely dark quietly emerged. In the dark clouds, a touch of extreme depression made the entire Tianyuan Mountains become I got nervous, I don't know if it was God's will or man-made, in short, this level of dark clouds has attracted the attention of many powerhouses.

"What's going on here……"

"This is it?" Following the abnormality in the sky, the countless vassal civilians in the Tianyuan Mountains looked at it dully and lost their voices.

The King City is located in the right center of the Tianyuan Mountains. It is surrounded by several mountains and forests, protecting it as if it forms a natural barrier. The King City covers an area of ​​tens of kilometers and consists of dozens of magnificent palaces inside and outside. The center of the King City is the royal family. The meeting room is where, three days later, the three electors will jointly decide the real new king.

Inside the King City.

With the residence of the three electors, the place became martial law. The three elections were fully protected by their respective princes, and the only real highlight was waiting three days later.

For three days, people on the left and right sides of the Tianyuan Mountains were panicking, and even the dark clouds above the sky stared more and more, as if they were not born naturally, but were controlled by people.

It's a pity that Lin Mo tried to disperse the dark clouds several times, but it didn't help, so he could only be vigilant at all times, but the dark clouds became more and more terrifying, as if there were some suffocating creatures in the depths.

For three days, Xiao Yan and Ji Xuan stayed by the princess' side, and even the princess was very careful about eating and traveling, but fortunately there was no problem.

The three days were spent in such a state of extreme tension. On the third day, the skyline had just emerged in the early morning, and the real highlight was slowly coming.

"Boom!" Above the sky, the dark thunderclouds continued to spread, and the deafening voices seemed to herald today's **** disaster.

On the day of the royal election, many of the most highly respected elders in the royal family will vote. The result of the vote is in the meaning of the God King, and the real new king will be born again. At that time, everything will be settled.

And this kind of royal family elders is the most authoritative, because they have already detached from the world, they made contact and contributions to the royal family when they were young, and they naturally entered the protection of the royal family in their later years. Although it is unlikely that the realm of the three electors will be bought by the three electors, of course, this possibility cannot be ruled out, and the above is very small.

"Princess, let's go." The three of Xiao Yan slowly walked out of the deep palace compound. Immediately, Xiao Yan raised his head slightly, glanced at the dark clouds above the sky with the help of the black robe, and muttered.

It seems that from the dark clouds above the sky, he can smell a rather familiar aura, which is the unique aura of the Soul Palace, but at this time Xiao Yan can't think about the Devil Fruit, Soul Palace and Angels. The most urgent task now is to Escort the princess successfully through Election Day.

If the election is successful, the other two princes will naturally fail completely, but it is not possible that they will turn against each other and change directly, but even if they are elected, they will not allow the princess to survive, because the power of the stars is the greatest variable.

So this election, whether it was successful or not, to be honest, it was on the brink of death, but since Xiao Yan took over, he would not back down.

"Well, they're here." Lin Yunshu smiled sweetly, and immediately filled with an unfathomable special power, and slowly walked towards the royal meeting room with Xiao Yan.

That is the power of the stars, it seems that the princess at this time, the fluctuations in her body are more powerful than in the past.

"Fuck!" The three princesses just walked around, and dozens of elites surrounded them. They were obviously the personal guards who were responsible for protecting the princess. Their strength was almost at the peak of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal. .

At the same time, the other two princes also left the royal meeting room in exactly the same way.

The royal meeting room is located in the center of the royal city. This place is the important place of the royal family, because not only all important meetings will start here, but more importantly, there is a royal stele here. The stele records countless generations of Lin's royal family. The deceased is a unique treasure in the royal family.

The stele is stored in the conference room, firstly, so that all meetings and decisions can be heard by the deceased gods, impartial and strict, and secondly, it is also to pay homage to the deceased heroes.

Inside the conference room at this time.

The interior of the conference room was splendid, and a splendid atmosphere emerged. The layers of stairs were recessed from the front door, about ten steps, and the sight below was a huge square decorated with special color rocks of Zhu Pei Zi, the altar.

In the center of the altar, countless heroes are recorded on the stone tablet standing in the center, and a trace of yin wind emerges, as if every decision here has their divine might.

In the center of the stone tablet, a middle-aged man stood slightly.

Around the altar, there are a total of thirteen seats, three of which are marked with obvious signs for the three electors. As for the remaining ten seats, the tigers and eagles are depicted on them. animal.

It symbolizes the ten elders in the royal family of the Heavenly Star Empire!

Tiger wolf, eagle, lion, rabbit, snake, python, mink, bear, eagle.

These ten people are all shocking, and they are among the seven-star fighting immortals. Moreover, these ten positions also represent some special forces of the royal family. Each controls a secret army. It can be said that they are the real heritage of the royal family. , It is enough to show that these ten people, whether in terms of prestige or strength, are of great importance in the royal family.

At this time, on the altar, the ten elders have already taken their seats, and there are only three electors. This election will be completely opened.

Silence, deathly silence.

"Whoosh..."

"Wangcheng really hasn't had such a huge scene for a long time, and actually let ten elders come forward together." The man standing in front of the stone tablet in charge of presiding over this meeting opened his pupils slightly, glanced around, and said indifferently.

"The head of Yuanwei is really joking. I'm waiting for this old bone. If he doesn't come out to take charge of the overall situation, I'm afraid our royal family is about to change." At this moment, the old man above the tiger seat burst out with a gleam of light. His lips parted slightly, and a fierce icy cold swept out.

"Squeak." With a sound, the main door of the conference room was slowly pushed open, and for a while, the three electors, accompanied by several personal guards, came down.

"Oh, is this the little girl with the power of stars..."

"Although this Lin Feng is a violent and main fighting faction, he is still a good successor..."

"It's still Lin Fengya, follow the will of God..." With the arrival of the three electors, the anger in the entire conference room altar became extremely hot.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.