Chapter 223: Space shuttle handprint!

"That's..." Xiao Yan also muttered, there was some fiery in his brown eyes, since Xiaoyue said so, there must be a way.

"There is a way, it depends on your ability and courage." Xiaoyue also laughed.

"I haven't tried it yet." Xiao Yan also laughed, with a strong confidence in his voice.

"After ten days, it will be the "Yin Moon" of the Infernal Corpse Forest, and the ghostly aura of the Infernal Corpse Forest will also become stronger. I will take action against that person on that day, so that's your chance. ."

"Don't stop, I have to remind you in advance that there are inevitably some things like you around the treasure. If you can't get them, don't blame me." Xiaoyue also stared at Xiao Yan after saying that.

"Ten days later..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself, there are still fourteen days before the points plundering competition, ten days is also possible, and he immediately nodded to Xiaoyue.

"Then it's a deal. As for the refining of medicinal pills, I will find you when the game is over." Xiaoyue also laughed.

"Then wish us a happy cooperation." Xiao Yan also smiled, obviously this kind of fair cooperation also made Xiao Yan's eyes shine.

Xiaoyue showed a hint of approval in her eyes, and said loudly, "Okay, don't back down in the face of a powerful enemy, you are considered a kid with ambition, but since you are going to this, you must have the faith to fight with the world."

"Senior, have you seen my two companions, one male and one female?" Xiao Yan also asked, and the title changed from Your Excellency to Senior.

"Of course your two companions saw it, but don't worry, they are still in a safe place. When you go back from here, you can see them."

"But it really surprised me. One of your two companions is an inheritor, and the other is someone who masters the powerful yin-yang gossip technique, but you are much more powerful than the two of them."

"Senior is wrong." Xiao Yan also responded politely.

The strength of the silver figure Xiaoyue in front of him is also unfathomable. Xiao Yan has no choice but to admire so many things just from a simple inspection.

"You don't have to be humble. From the fact that you can come here, you can see that you are stronger than the two of them."

"Because to come here, there are only two entrances, one is the entrance of the forbidden enchantment, and the other is a very mysterious place, that place is called the secret realm."

"If I guessed correctly, you entered the secret realm and came here according to the instructions, am I right?" Xiaoyue also asked.

Xiao Yan smiled, but he was not surprised: "Senior, you really know everything, I don't even know what to say."

"But I did enter that secret realm. As for the third floor of the corpse forest, I was also guided."

"But take the liberty to ask, senior, do you know anything about this secret realm? Can you tell me something about that secret realm?"

Xiaoyue smiled lightly and said with a slightly mysterious smile: "There are two of the most mysterious places in the entire Yin Corpse Forest, just like here."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"When I first came here, that mysterious spatial secret realm already existed. Although I have thought of a lot of ways to get in, it was not until a few years ago that I reluctantly entered by virtue of my own strength. There."

"In that secret realm, I found a strange red air mass, which I later learned was a dragon soul."

"I once thought about conquering it, but unfortunately for some reason, I still failed in the end. I can't think of where you entered by chance this time..."

"But what's even more strange is that I can feel the breath of the dragon soul now, and it seems to be in the heavy ruler behind you. This is really surprising to me."

There was a hint of surprise in Xiao Yan's eyes. He never thought that Xiaoyue could see how terrifying his strength was.

Immediately, Xiao Yan also tightly wrapped the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Heng behind him.

"Don't worry, since this Dragon Soul has chosen you, then I won't be **** others. After all, fate is quite mysterious." Xiaoyue saw Xiao Yan's small movements.

Xiao Yan said with some surprise: "The dragon soul in the secret realm is indeed in this heavy ruler, but it was only after a lot of effort that I sealed it in this heavy ruler."

"I didn't expect you to see it at a glance, senior, I really admire it."

Xiaoyue smiled and said, "Actually, it's nothing. When your cultivation level rises to another stage, you will naturally understand many things."

"Meeting you this time is also a kind of fate."

"Didn't you always want to ask me just now, how can you break open a space at will, from this space to another space?"

"I'll teach you now, it's our fate."

"After all, I'll leave here soon after I've dealt with the matter in ten days. If you don't pass on the space shuttle skills, you will also be lost. I'll pass it on to you."

"This is actually my unique stunt for more than 2,000 years. Even if other people are as strong as me, they can't cross the space at will." Xiaoyue finished speaking, her hands clasped slightly, and then she kept flying in the air. Change handprints.

The next moment, a strange silver light appeared from Xiaoyue's finger, and then instantly enveloped Xiao Yan's head.

Xiao Yan also stared at the silver space passage in front of him, his expression dignified.

On the Dou Qi Continent, the strong Dou Zong can walk on the void, the strong Dou Zun can break through the space, and the strong Dou Sheng can open up a small space.

However, according to Xiao Yan's observation, the space channel constructed by Xiaoyue is more like a quite perfect space channel.

Ordinary space passages are filled with dangerous fluctuations. After all, the interior of space passages is extremely unstable, and the variables inside are unpredictable, not to mention the safety of people who want to go to another place through space passages.

It's just that the silver vortex space channel in front of Xiaoyue is quite different. There is no dangerous aura at all, and there is only an extremely gentle force maintaining this channel.

And the most important thing is that what Xiaoyue uses is space shuttle!

Not a space channel!

These are completely two concepts!

It takes a lot of time to reach the space channel, but the space shuttle can be reached in an instant!

Dou Zun can break open the space, but the broken space is broken open by Dou Zun with external force, so it is only a space passage. Although it can be entered by people, it can't achieve a thousand miles in an instant. The space channel is different, it is the use of internal battle qi and space to create a subtle connection, so that the space connected together is not an exaggeration.

"What a profound technique..." Xiao Yan also secretly exclaimed, despite the powerful soul in his body, he still couldn't see through the changes in the handprints that Xiaoyue had just displayed. Obviously, something was needed.

"Did you see it clearly?" Xiao Yue Zaidu waved his hand, and the space channel in front of him disappeared instantly.

"No..." Xiao Yan also shook his head and said, after all, Xiaoyue's technique was quite profound, and it was also the first time Xiao Yan had seen him, so he said it simply.

"Haha, then watch it carefully." Xiaoyue also said patiently, and after speaking, she began to rehearse.

In the cave, Xiaoyue's handprints were constantly changing, and the space passages also appeared and disappeared again and again, while Xiao Yan watched intently, not letting go of any detail.

Ask for tickets!

In the past few days, the starting point Chinese website mobile app can grab red envelopes online at 8-10 pm, and the grabbed starting point coins can be used to subscribe.