Chapter 249: Explore the soul-suppressing jade tablet!

"I can't wait, I want to go in!" Yueru's voice also came from the ghost town.

"Wait, it should be soon, I can feel it." Mu Feng also hurriedly comforted.

As the conversation between Mu Feng and Yueru just ended, when the two of them saw the two red brilliance rising into the sky behind the door of the seal, they both understood that Xiao Yan met in the door of the seal. things are up.

Mu Feng's face changed slightly: "Look at these two brilliance, the black ray contains extremely terrifying ghost energy, while the red ray contains a huge power of seal purification, which is very powerful. Strong, it seems that Xiao Yan is in danger."

"I'll go in and see him. Even if something happens, we can take care of each other. You can stay here. I'll go first." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he turned around and wanted to walk towards the door of the seal in front of him.

Yueru also seemed to have noticed this terrifying fluctuation, and then calmly said: "I'll go too, you're in front, I'm behind, let's go."

With a firm gaze on the beautiful Qian's face, what Mu Feng wanted to say was blocked in her mouth by Yueru's expression, and she did not say it.

So Mu Feng didn't say anything, sighed, and then the dazzling light in his hand lit up, and it was the same technique as before.

"Strange, how can the sealing power of this Sealing Gate suddenly weaken so much..."

"Could it be because of the light just now..." Mu Feng also found something wrong and said.

"Go!" Mu Feng also shouted as a gap appeared on the door of the seal.

The two turned into a meteor and followed the door of the seal to the back of the door of the seal.

"Boom boom boom!" The space inside the Sealed Gate was now full of black river water.

Speaking of which, the two of them were also unlucky. Just after entering the gate of the seal, they encountered the water column that shot up into the sky.

The power of the water column was so great that in that case, it blasted the two of them out at once, and Mu Feng was covered in water, and his mouth was full of non-stop complaints.

Yueru glanced at Mu Feng indifferently, her body stopped a little, and the next moment, she rushed into the door of the seal.

When Mu Feng saw it, he didn't care to complain, and immediately followed.

Soon, the two of them did not encounter any strange things, and easily came to the space in the gate of the seal, but they were still at the edge of the space, and they saw Xiao Yan from a distance through a river.

It's just that when Mu Feng saw the woman in white next to Xiao Yan, there was a strange look in his eyes that was hard to detect.

"The aura on this woman..." Mu Feng also said in surprise.

Mu Feng has been out for many years fighting demons and ghosts, so he knows the demons and ghosts best.

According to Mu Feng's guess, the ghost energy on this woman in white is no less than that of a ghost emperor!

That's a ghost emperor!

The ghost emperors in the ghost world are extremely limited, but any ghost emperor has a strength comparable to that of a human six-star fighting emperor!

And the most important thing here is the place where ghosts are extremely strong. It is the main battlefield of ghosts. Once the battle begins, the blessing of ghosts is no trivial matter.

Mu Feng's expression immediately changed to an incomparably stern expression, looking at the woman in white coldly.

Demons and ghosts, everyone gets them and kills them!

Not to mention the ghosts who have killed countless people!

Yueru also saw the woman in white, a strange light flashed in her eyes, and she looked at Xiao Yan with some puzzlement.

A dark blue light suddenly appeared, and the entire space instantly turned blue.

The wooden sword on Mu Feng's body was trembling non-stop at this time, looking very frightened.

Xiao Yan's whole body flashed with milky white light, slightly blocking Mu Feng's dark blue light from his body, looking at Mu Feng and said softly: "Mu Feng, don't get excited, although this girl is a soul, she did not do any evil. Or listen to me explain to you, you will understand naturally?"

After speaking, he told the two that the woman in white could not leave here, and said that the woman was not an evil ghost, which made Mu Feng withdraw the wooden sword.

Seeing that Xiao Yan was fine, Yueru was obviously relieved.

Mu Feng glanced at Xiao Yan and asked, "Xiao Yan, when we were outside just now, we saw that there were pillars of light and there were pillars of water, what the **** is going on?"

Xiao Yan looked at Yueru's moving back, and said lightly about what happened just now.

"Don't come here, the water in this river is very strange..." Xiao Yan just wanted to say, but he was surprised to find that a terrifying shock wave instantly radiated from the jade tablet!

And as the shock wave of the Soul-suppressing Jade Tablet dissipated, it directly pushed Mu Feng and Yueru out of the Sealed Land!

"Boom boom boom!" After De Mufeng and Yue Ru were forcibly pushed out, the door of the seal was also tightly closed.

"This..." Yueru didn't have time to ask, but this happened.

"This should be the mysterious effect of the Sealed Land. The Sealed Land has a limit on the number of people. Once the number of people exceeds the limit, they will be forcibly driven out..."

"Why did I forget..." Mu Feng also shook his head.

Yueru didn't speak either. Since Xiao Yan was fine, then she was relieved.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Immediately, he sat down with Mu Feng cross-legged and carefully adjusted the aura in his body.

"This..." Xiao Yan was also bewildered by this sudden scene.

"You don't need to be depressed, this is the power of the Soul Requiring Monument." The Nine Soul Monument also laughed.

"This Soul Soul Stele does not allow so many people to enter this sealed land, so there is just that scene, but you don't have to worry, that power just repelled them, and there is no big problem." Soul Monument said.

"Yeah." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also nodded. After all, this kind of thing is related to the secret of Soul Repelling Tablet Heaven , the less people know about it, the better.

"Actually, what you want is in this jade tablet, can you find it?" Jiuhun tablet also laughed.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan didn't say much. He walked to the jade tablet that was slightly one meter high and looked at it quietly.

Xiao Yan said softly, "This soul-suppressing jade tablet is very strange. It seems that it can lock all the soul's power and prevent it from leaving here."

"No wonder my previous soul power was swallowed up by this soul-suppressing jade tablet..."

"Outside the soul-suppressing jade tablet, there is actually a layer of incomparably powerful enchantment..."

Time passed minute by minute, and along with Xiao Yan's constant exploration, he also discovered some other things.

"There is something hidden in this soul-suppressing jade tablet, and that thing can play the role of soul-soothing and locking the soul, so this woman in white cannot leave here..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

"Could it be that this is the treasure that Senior Nine Souls Monument and Xiaoyue were talking about..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

Following Xiao Yan's voice, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire Eternity behind him also trembled.

"Xiao Yan, the treasure you are looking for..."

"It's on top of this soul-suppressing jade tablet!" Long Yi roared in shock.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan stared at the jade tablet in front of him, his dark brown pupils shrank tightly!

Because there is an extremely powerful aura emanating from the soul-suppressing jade tablet, it seems to be a power that can devour everything!

Ask for tickets!