Chapter Vol 4 1952: Inside the bone mountain?

"What's the matter?" After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes slowly stared at the strange bone mountain stacked with corpses in front of him, wondering.

With his excellent soul perception, Xiao Yan clearly smelled a strange smell from the top of the bone mountain. Although the smell was extremely obscure, it was similar to Su Xueying's aura before, and there was no such thing in this filthy corpse. The presence of any Su Xueying made Xiao Yan quite suspicious, and even the countless poisonous gas in this corpse was easily swallowed and destroyed when it came into contact with the bone mountain. Obviously, the bone mountain is not so simple.

Moreover, Xiao Yan believed that the lotus leaf space that this girl left for her could not only connect with their place of residence, but also have the advantages of space passage to avoid danger. Obviously, Su Xueying's original intention was not like this.

"The environment here is too severe. If the guardians really exist here, it would be really chilling." Xiao Yan looked at the rugged bone mountain in front of him and the eerie corpse swamp below, slowly He murmured slowly, as if there was something sprouting in his heart.

It's just that this chilling area probably contains some secrets that no one knows about, and if the guardians of the Xiao clan really exist here, I am afraid that it is as the seniors in Yao Yuandongtian said, and the Xiao clan is indeed extremely sorry for them.

"In this area, with a radius of 100 miles, only the bone mountain in front of you is a little weird. Now I'm afraid I can only try it. If it doesn't work, I'm afraid I can only give up temporarily." Xiao Yan glanced carefully. , Immediately staring at the mountain of corpses made of stacked bones in front of him, for some reason, a very strange aura was released, and Xiao Yan knew that his time was pressing now and he couldn't waste too much time.

The foreign evil race, sin, and soul hall, etc., still need to be done by themselves, and the Endless Fire Territory has just been established, and it must be strengthened in an extremely fast time before it can become a pillar in the great world.

After resting, a faint sense of sensation permeated Xiao Yan's body. That sense made Xiao Yan feel that there was something in the bone mountain that attracted Xiao Yan, and that kind of thing was definitely enough to threaten the entire body. Otherwise, Xiao Yan would not be able to generate such a fiery fluctuation.

"It's not too late, let's do it!"

"Break it for me!" Without further ado, the dazzling amber flames around Xiao Yan's body condensed into layers of scorching fire circles, which were engraved with dazzling and hot holy flame patterns, cleaning and purifying countless poisons around him. The swamp land, like a ring of fire in the blink of an eye, roared towards the bone mountain in circles. The ferocious power and terrifying temperature actually burned this space and became more distorted, causing Heart palpitations.

"Weng hum!" With a sound, the fire circle energy touched the bone mountain, and the entire space became restless, and an extremely boring wave distorted the entire void.

"not good!"

"This guy is attacking the Bone Mountain Barrier!" At this moment, the two guards quietly floating inside the Bone Mountain said solemnly.

Xiao Yan's origin is unknown, and his strength is very strange and special. Even the two of them are helpless. If Xiao Yan completely discovers the secret of Gu Shan, I am afraid they will end...

"I'll act as soon as I can." At this time, it was obviously too late to call someone back, so the two of them could only grit their teeth and said with extremely solemn eyes.

This Bone Mountain Barrier is a layer of barrier that wraps around their last territory. Once it is broken, I am afraid that this guy will reveal some of their secrets, so in any case, the two guards also decided that it is impossible for Xiao Yan to break the seal. , otherwise the two of them will become sinners through the ages, and at that time, it is obviously not something they can bear.

"Soul power? The power of flame?" When Xiao Yan's amber ring of fire just swept across this huge bone mountain, a tremor that made Xiao Yan's scalp numb, swept out of Xiao Yan's body, and this power The source of the fire was obviously caused by the collision between the flame and the bone mountain.

"Sisi... It seems that there are indeed some secrets here!" After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan squinted his eyes, and immediately smiled slightly. .

"Damn...increase the strength!" At this moment, the two guards looked gloomy, and the dazzling power in their bodies continued to increase the defense of the bone mountain. For a while, layers of smoke filled the bone mountain.

For a time, the two came one after another, slowly stalemate. As for the so-called Xu Shao and others, they were secretly following Xiao Yan, preparing to follow him into it, but the two guards were obviously not Xiao Yan's opponents, even if they had bones. The barrier defense might not last long. After all, Xiao Yan is now in the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. With the countless powers in his body, that level is not what it used to be.

But in the mountain of bones, another scene happened.

From the outside, it looks like a mountain of bones stacked with corpses. It is extremely eerie and daunting, but the inside is unique. Because of the protection and isolation of some mysterious enchantments, it is impossible to see the inside completely from the outside. And there is a natural difference between the inside and outside of the Bone Mountain!

The outside is clearly a corpse of corpses stacked with white bones. The Bone Mountain Barrier is like a blindfold to isolate people's sight, while the inside is actually a paradise on earth like a paradise A lot of spiritual trees stand out, and the rolling mountains and springs decorate this place with great solemnity and holiness.

Among these mountains, there is a lingering smoke, which is obviously inhabited by humans, and among the mountains that rise and fall, there is a top-notch mountain range, which is filled with an eternal breath of eternal sleep, that kind of power, beyond the eight stars, Stepping into reincarnation, one can only look up.

At this time, inside the mountain of bones, there is a half-mountain surrounded by clouds and mist. There is a rather simple garden here. There are some extremely rare medicinal materials in the outside world. The extremely fragrant medicinal materials are slowly drifting. Pleasant to the eye, mind-blowing.

Most of the gardens are full of lush flowers and plants, and even some of them are quite expensive and high-grade medicinal materials. With the blessing of these things, the medicinal garden on the halfway of the mountain here forms a natural barrier.

"Tick tock." Drops of crystal clear raindrops dripped down from these medicinal herbs and trees like raindrops. Obviously, the medicinal garden here has been carefully cultivated and nurtured by people with intentions. Naturally, this appearance has just been watered.

At the same time, in this medicine garden, an enchanting figure stands slowly, just putting on such a back view is enough to amaze countless beauties, and even the three thousand green silks emerging from the side are falling like a waterfall. Bring its breath and temperament to the peak.

The beauty of the world, the stunner, I am afraid it is nothing more than that.

And here, Fang is the real Bone Mountain, and it is also the last paradise where the so-called guardians of the Xiao clan live.

As for the woman in front of her who is enough to make everything look pale, I am afraid that she has a very deep relationship with Xiao Yan's one-hundred-year contract!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: