Chapter Vol 4 1614: Ghost Queen!

"Teacher, the ghost cemetery... what is this?" After a while, Xiao Yan asked absentmindedly, looking at this jaw-droppingly terrifying cemetery.

"I didn't expect the Chaos Element of the Earth Spirit Pagoda to be so mysterious and sent you here."

"Ghost cemetery, this is one of the few strange places in the ghost world."

"Among the seven realms, each realm has an extremely mysterious Cave Heaven Blessed Land. Among the Cave Heaven Blessed Land, it is said to be the highest secret related to their respective realms. In addition, there are many mysterious places. Although this kind of place is dangerous , but it has a huge opportunity, the ghost cemetery is slightly inferior to the paradise, but this place is also full of danger and opportunity."

"Because I remember that there seems to be a very tyrannical ghost master in the ghost cemetery. Although it is not really the supreme one, it is not to be underestimated for current fans..."

"Its strength is extremely terrifying. If it can be defeated and subdued, I am afraid that your soul power will rise to a higher level." Suddenly, the Lord of Soul Eater explained.

"Does the ghost dominate..." Hearing the Soul Eater speak like this, Xiao Yan stared at the red tombstone at the top of the cemetery and muttered to himself.

"A ghost is a unique creature in the ghost world, similar to a soul body, but it is only a mutation of a soul body. Even so, its power is mysterious." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater spoke up.

"Go up and have a look..." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and immediately the dazzling soul power filled his body, and he started to walk.

It is strange to say that the ground of this cemetery is mostly black soil, and there seems to be some very special power in the soil. Even Xiao Yan, stepping on the soil of the cemetery, feels uneasy for a while. Below the black soil, there seems to be some kind of heart-pounding power.

"These tombstones..."

"It seems that the figures buried in these tombstones and tombs were all powerful people during their lifetimes, but why are they buried here?" Xiao Yan kept walking around, deftly bypassing the tombstones and tombs, without figuring out the layout of the place. On top of that, Xiao Yan would not be foolish enough to destroy these tombstones and tombs. After all, although the tombs were only tens of meters in size, some obscure words were clearly recorded on the tombstones.

"Hey!" A gust of gloomy wind blew, and a strange voice filled the air in the ghost cemetery.

"What sound?" After a while, Xiao Yan's huge soul force seemed to sense something, frowned, and looked around vigilantly.

"Boom!" After a while, a trace of dark-colored energy broke away from the countless gray tombstones, and immediately roared towards Xiao Yan from all directions. Although these dark-colored energies were weak, they were better than hundreds of thousands. The combined power was enough to shock Xiao Yan.

"It won't be so miserable..." Seeing the countless dark-colored energies attacking, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with horror, and he said, because the energy contained in these dark-colored energies is probably not something that he can handle now.

"Go ahead... we should have been discovered."

"It's better to solve this ghost king as soon as possible, and it's better to enter the next floor earlier. After all, my perception tells me that the Qidu Yinhunzhan seems to exist here... So this trip to the Earth Spirit Pagoda should not It's easy." Seeing this, Soul Eater said.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words.

"You Mingtian!" A cold snort sounded like an eagle's cry. Immediately, in this space, countless dark-colored energies suddenly quieted down, and after a while, they slowly retreated.

"Let's go!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the Master of Soul Eater opened his mouth.

In the ghost cemetery, the aura in the ordinary tombstone tomb is quite weak, so Xiao Yan's fairyland-level soul power has sent such a terrifying blow, naturally it can only be quiet, but what is on the top of the cemetery Something, slowly waking up.

"Pimple." Shaking the dark energy back, Xiao Yan walked at a rapid pace, easily bypassing the tombstone and the tomb, and headed directly towards the high point of the core of the cemetery, the red tombstone.

With his perception, he was able to know that the red tombstone at the core was obviously the key to cracking the ghost cemetery, but even Xiao Yan's current fairyland-level soul power, when he approached the red tombstone, also felt a burst of fear in his heart.

"Weng Om Om!" After the breath, Xiao Yan's figure came to the core of the ghost cemetery as if walking on the ground, and immediately stared at the red tombstone.

"Mrs. Du, was born in the ghost world and died in the ghost world. She once helped the Lord of Soul Eater conquer hundreds of continents under the Soul Eater Domain, and then disappeared. She is the only ghost master in the ghost world." On the red tombstone , a few strange words appeared slowly, but when Xiao Yan saw these words, a chill couldn't help but permeate.

Moreover, the words "Master of Soul Eater" on the tombstone gave Xiao Yan an extremely terrifying shock... It seemed that his master knew the ghost in front of him?

"I'll give you some extra."

"Boom!" Seeing Xiao Yan so focused, Soul Eater's main song flicked his fingers, with a tyrannical wave, and attacked the red tombstone directly.

"Shabu Shabu!" The attack of the Soul Eater had just come to the red tombstone, and was immediately bounced back by a mirror-like force, but the next moment, a tyrannical gloomy aura quietly appeared in the red tombstone. It diffused out, and the breath of Soul Eater also disappeared without a trace Damn..." Seeing his teacher, Soul Eater, Xiao Yan couldn't help scolding secretly, obviously this was He did it on purpose, and he could only rely on himself for the next step.

"Hehe, a little guy in the early stage of four-star fighting immortals, also tried to break into my ghost cemetery..."

"Little guy, are you here as a snack for my sister?" In the blink of an eye, a light voice suddenly echoed in this space.

"Fortunately, it's not a five-star fighting immortal, otherwise it would be troublesome." Hearing this heart-pounding voice, Xiao Yan felt relieved.

The ghost is extremely strange, and it is a mutation of the soul body. Xiao Yan has no experience in fighting such a creature since ancient times, so it is quite difficult to deal with it.

However, if this ghost is not strong enough to be a five-star fighting immortal, then Xiao Yan has some hope of defeating it with the many means on his body.

"What a tyrannical soul power, although the strength is not strong, but the soul power is far greater than mine. It seems that this guy is not so easy to defeat." Xiao Yan's eyes kept scanning, trying to detect the source of the sound, but it was Failed.

"Little guy, you have some subtle fluctuations in your body, but you should quit. I don't want to be your enemy, because you can't beat me." After a while, a light voice was in this space, thinking of love. Only this time, there is a strong warning in the voice, even the soul power of the fairyland level, there is no doubt.