Chapter Vol 4 1325: Semifinals!

"It seems that Du Qifei's life experience is a bit remarkable..." Hearing Du Tianhong's helpless voice at the end, Xiao Yan nodded slowly.

"never mind."

"Let's have a good rest first, the day after tomorrow will be the battle of the top three."

"Zhou Mi doesn't need to worry, the most important thing is that madrigal song..." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, then he didn't think about anything else and rested in peace.

Time passed quickly, and in a blink of an eye, the finals came as scheduled.

"Welcome to the Desolate Arena."

"Today is the first stage of the finals championship. Who will win the championship, let's wait and see." Du Tianfeng's voice just fell, and the atmosphere in the arena suddenly reached a climax.

"There are three contestants please."

"Pastoral, Xiao Yan, Zhou Mi." Duan Tianfeng's voice sounded like thunder, slowly resounding in the arena.

"Pastoral madrigal!" A deafening cheer became excited.

"It's really lively." Mu Ge looked at these strong onlookers, and the corners of his mouth wriggled slightly.

"Next, the semi-finals."

"The three please draw lots." Duan Tianfeng said with a smile, but in Xiao Yan's eyes, this smile was full of other flavors.

"Semi-finals, Pastoral vs. Zhou Mi."

"Xiao Yan has a bye." After a while, Duan Tianfeng announced the team for the competition.

"This guy." Hearing this, Xiao Yan suddenly smiled bitterly. Obviously, this time the lottery was drawn by Duo Tianfeng who was operating in the dark, but it's okay, he naturally has enough confidence in dealing with Zhou Mi and Xiao Yan, but this pastoral song made him feel a great deal. The pressure of , this time failed, you can also see the strength shown by the pastoral song when dealing with Zhou Mi.

"The next game."

"Pastoral to Zhou Mi." Duan Tianfeng said in a deep voice.

As Du Tianfeng's low voice just fell, the eyes of the countless figures present immediately locked on the two people in front of the arena.

"Hehe, my old rival." Zhou Mi grinned, but he was still somewhat afraid, after all, he had never won against Mu Ge.

"Huhu." Mu Ge was expressionless. Although Zhou Mi's strength was also a perfect two-star fighting immortal, the battle between the two over the years made him understand that Zhou Mi was not his opponent this week.

"Boom!" After a while, the two rushed directly into the competitive mountain range and started the game.

"This is among the favorites to win the championship. Except for Xiao Yan's most exciting game, I don't know who will be killed..."

"Hey, it is said that Zhou Mi and Mu Ge are already old rivals. Although Zhou Mi has good talent and strength, he is always suppressed by Mu Ge, so there should be no suspense about the outcome of this match." keep talking.

"Zhou Mi, admit defeat."

"Today you are still not my opponent." The pastoral robe moved slightly, standing in the sky, and an invisible tyrannical wave slowly emerged.

"Hahaha."

"Patriarch, it's still unknown who will kill the deer, are you so sure that you can beat me this time?" Zhou Mi couldn't stop laughing.

"Even so, then let you try what it's like to fail." Mu Ge snorted coldly, and around his body, circles of blue ice silk slowly emerged like flowers blooming.

"Shuiyuan Guijin!" With a cold snort, Zhou Mi took the lead in launching a dazzling attack, only to see a azure blue Dou Qi beam flashing from Zhou Mi's body. Attacked the pastoral song away.

"Ice Sculpture Snow Region!" Seeing this, Mu Ge didn't have any expression changes on his face, he made a slight voice, and suddenly a cold and biting blue vindictive energy slowly emerged from under his feet.

"Bang bang bang!" No matter how tyrannical Zhou Mi's attack was, when he came into contact with the blue fighting spirit around Mu Ge, it quickly melted away.

"This guy's ice attribute vindictiveness is really getting more and more terrifying." Zhou Mi frowned when he saw this. He is water attribute, and ice is the purification of water attribute, so he was restrained everywhere.

"Pick me up!"

"Ice thorn sword!" Mu Ge snorted softly, and the dazzling blue ice attribute Dou Qi around him instantly condensed into a zhang-sized energy dagger.

As soon as the voice fell, the pastoral figure moved quickly, and controlled the energy dagger to roar towards Zhou Mi. The strength of its attack was probably not an attack that an ordinary two-star fighting immortal could perform successfully.

"It's good to come!"

"Waterfall Sky Curtain!" Seeing the attack of this damage, Zhou Mi suddenly raised his breath, and water whirlpools suddenly emerged from his body, and then instantly formed a defensive water whirlpool barrier hundreds of meters in size in front of him!

"Although the strengths of the two are at the same level, the gap in strength is too obvious."

"This has only just begun, and Zhou Mi has been forced to use tyrannical means of defense. I'm afraid this battle will be the winner and loser." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly. Obviously, his keen soul power had already made Xiao Yan discover some things that were difficult for ordinary people to detect. s things.

"Bang bang bang!" The energy ice thorn hit the water waterfall sky, and suddenly a harsh sound of breaking wind continued to emerge, causing the entire competitive mountain range to be filled with a strange energy fluctuation.

"Damn it, this guy's strength seems to be more powerful than before." Zhou Mi resisted Mu Ge's attack with great difficulty, and then quickly figured out how to deal with it.

For the current Zhou Mi, it is extremely difficult just to deal with the attack of the pastoral song, let alone defeat the pastoral song, that is nothing short of fantastic.

"Ice Moon!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Three cuts!" At the next moment, Mu Ge didn't have any intention of keeping his hands The dazzling azure blue Dou Qi was continuously injected into the energy dagger, and a round of demons condensed vaguely around the energy dagger. Moon is beautiful.

"Crash!" The defensive power of the Waterfall Sky Curtain was extremely tyrannical, but under the successive attacks of the pastoral songs, it actually became fragmented, and there were faint signs of being broken.

"Zhou Mi, it's over." Seeing that the waterfall sky was about to shatter, Mu Ge smiled and shook his head.

After speaking, the short sword in his hand carried the tyrannical aura of destroying everything, and with the help of Yaoyue's terrifying increase, he suddenly slashed towards Zhou Mi.

Such a tyrannical blow, if it was hit from the front, even if it was as tyrannical as Zhou Mi, it would still cause serious injuries.

"I... I lost." Although he couldn't believe it, Zhou Mi's face was extremely pale, and he said helplessly.

"Gulugulu." Following Zhou Mi's admission of defeat, Mu Ge also stopped his movements and stared closely at Xiao Yan outside the arena.

"In the semi-finals, the pastoral wins."

"Next, in the finals, Xiao Yan vs. Pastoral." Duan Tian came to the competitive mountain range, picked up Zhou Mi, and then announced at Du.

As the voice fell, the eyes of countless people present were all focused on Xiao Yan and Mu Ge. They obviously did not expect that Zhou Mi would be so vulnerable among the pastoral singers this week!

"Brother Mu Ge, please enlighten me!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then he directly sank into the competitive mountain range.

The real peak match is about to begin.