Chapter 337: The 3 terrifying legions in the Xuanling royal family!

A group of seven people also slowly stepped up the steps, and then walked towards the entrance of the underground palace.

As soon as he arrived at the gate of the underground palace, he noticed that the patrolling soldiers cast vigilant eyes, and then came to Xiao Yan and the others, obviously preparing to question him.

"Stop, this is the most important place for the Xuanling royal family. Idle people and others, please leave."

"If you want to enter, please show your pass!" The five soldiers were also fully armed, holding long swords, and looked at Xiao Yan and them vigilantly. One of the soldiers wearing three stars also slowly faced Wen Zi. road.

The three stars represent that the soldier's rank is the third level.

There is no single star, which represents the most ordinary soldier, and there is a star on the shoulder, which represents a small captain.

If there are two, it is the squadron leader.

If there are three, it is the captain.

A squad has ten people, a squadron has five squads, a brigade has five squadrons, and so on.

When Wen Zi heard this, he also slowly touched the Na ring in his hand.

The next moment, a jade talisman made of jade color also slowly appeared in Wen Zi's hands.

"Captain Luo has worked hard. As usual, I will take them to the Xuanling Emperor Pond." Wen Zi also raised the jade talisman and said to the captain who was wearing three stars.

"I have seen the national teacher." Among the three confirmations of the jade talisman, the soldier also slowly gave Wen Zi a military salute, then made a gesture of invitation, and shouted at the back.

"Verification passed, you can let go!"

"Okay." A very loud voice also responded.

"Let's go." Wen Zi also said to the people behind him.

When several people heard the words, they also followed Wen Zi to the door of the main hall slowly.

"It's really evil. Are those two tall, short, fat and thin people who are qualified to enter the Xuanling Imperial Pond this time from our Xuanling royal family..." The person who Wen Zi called Captain Luo also looked at the tall, short, fat and thin brother slowly. He said slowly, but there are some different memories in his heart, obviously the origin of these two people is quite extraordinary.

The next moment, the five-member team also slowly patrolled.

On the periphery of the underground palace, there is also a layer of invisible barrier, which isolates the underground palace, so Xiao Yan and the others cannot enter directly, and they have to wait for the staff here to take charge, otherwise they will encounter the backlash of the barrier, then the end will be extremely extreme. miserable.

"Hehe, Wen Guoshi, this time you brought them to the Xuanling Imperial Family Pool." Near the barrier of the underground palace hall, there were several powerful officers guarding them, and one of them was also smiling. He smiled at Wen Zi.

"Yeah." Wen Zi also responded slowly, and then threw the jade talisman towards the latter.

At first glance, this officer looked like he had been fighting outside all the year round, his body was filled with murderous intent, his eyes were also very fierce, and then his whole body was covered with silver armor.

"What is that..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also saw the officer's shoulder. The soldier's rank is usually displayed on the shoulder.

"It actually depicts a tiger's head..." Xiao Yan inadvertently saw a hideous tiger's head appearing on the officer's shoulder.

The tiger head represents the most elite troops of the Xuanling royal family!

The officer in front of him is actually a member of the Tiger Tooth Army?

Xiao Yan was also the first to think.

The next moment, when Wen Zi was talking to Officer Na Ming, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something.

There are three most elite troops in the Xuanling royal family, namely the three legions of tiger, eagle, and dragon!

The three major legions have made great contributions to the Xuanling Royal Family. They have existed since the beginning of the Xuanling Royal Family tens of thousands of years ago. Countless proud sons of the sky have also been defeated by these three legions.

The three major armies are also the most powerful forces of the Xuanling Royal Family, because these are the three most terrifying armies representing their Xuanling Imperial Family!

Huya Corps, an army with a total of 200 people.

At first glance, the Tiger Tooth Army is indeed not that tyrannical, but those who know it know that the Tiger Tooth Army is not so simple.

But don't underestimate the Huya Corps, because everyone who can join the Huya Corps is a strong and powerful person!

The minimum requirement to join the Huya Corps is to reach the five-star Dou Di!

Only the powerhouses at the level of the Five-Star Dou Emperor can join the Huya Corps, and among the Tigerya Corps, the lowest strength is also the powerhouse with the initial strength of the Five-Star Dou Emperor.

This strict requirement also restricts many people who want to join it, but there is no doubt that as long as you can join the Tiger Tooth Army, your status is quite high!

Joining the Huya Corps, various advantages, such as the inclination of cultivation resources or the Xuanling Imperial Pond, or even some precious things of the Xuanling Imperial Family, will also be armed to them at the first time.

Wolf Eagle Legion, a more terrifying legion.

Only those who have reached the level of a six-star fighting emperor can join it.

However, the number of the Wolf Eagle Legion is only one hundred.

It is said that the Tiger Tooth Legion and the Wolf Eagle Legion are the backbone of the Xuanling royal family. As for the last legion, they are also the peak powerhouses representing the Xuanling royal family.

As for the last, it is undoubtedly the most powerful legion.

Dragon-loving Legion!

A very small army, with only ten people.

However, the minimum requirement for joining this army is not only the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but also a lot of contributions to the Xuanling Royal Family!

The Dragon-loving Legion is the most powerful legion. The people who join this legion are like princes and nobles on weekdays. The battle is when this dragon-loving legion takes action Those who can join the dragon-loving legion are all strong, and even their status and strength are the best among the crowd. The ten members of the legion are all peak powerhouses who have long been famous for Xuantian Santian.

They joined the dragon-loving army of the Xuanling royal family, and they respected even the ten princes of the Xuanling king.

After all, the mobilization of the Tiger Tooth Army and the Wolf Eagle Army still requires the approval of the parliamentary group in the Xuanling Royal Family, but this Dragon-Loving Army is directly under the jurisdiction of the Xuanling King!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although the minimum requirements for joining the Dragon-loving Legion are only the strength of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, it is said that the Dragon-loving Legion in the Xuanling Royal Family has not changed for hundreds of years in the world...

Even when he first joined the Dragon Addiction Army of the Xuanling Royal Family, he was only a strong man with the strength of a Seven-Star Dou Emperor. After a hundred years, his strength must have grown by leaps and bounds.

"It seems that the power of the Xuanling royal family is stronger than I thought..." Xiao Yan also shook his head, then looked at the few people in front of him.

If Sheng Yan really exists in this Xuanling royal family, no matter what the cost, Xiao Yan wants to get it, but Xiao Yan has also discovered the background of this Xuanling royal family.

However, Xiao Yan is not in a hurry. After all, don't forget Xiao Yan's identity.

Pharmacist.

Xiao Yan also believed that a high-level pharmacist, many people would be happy to owe a favor.

Ask for tickets!