Chapter 405: Mu Yingying's request!

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, aren't you afraid that the Tujia will trouble us..."

"You actually opened your mouth like a lion just now." Mu Yingying also moved her beautiful eyes slightly, and then her slender eyebrows kept beating.

Even Mu Yingying was quite disgusted by the unruly and willful character of the earth spirit just now, but if it was Mu Yingying, she would not be so eloquent.

There are more than a dozen kinds of medicinal materials that are enough to refine the imperial rank, or the medicinal pills of the first rank of the emperor rank, and their value is enough to make this Tujia bleed once.

However, with the background of the Tujia, this thing can still be brought out.

"If people don't offend me, I won't offend others." Faced with Mu Yingying's question, Xiao Yan also said something indifferent.

Xiao Yan realized the truth that people do not offend me and I do not offend others from the Dou Qi Continent.

"But I didn't see it."

"You are actually an alchemist at the peak of the first-rank emperor." Mu Yingying also laughed.

"It's all just a fluke." Xiao Yan also said calmly, although he didn't know why, Xiao Yan always felt that Mu Yingying was strange at this time.

And this strange thing seems to be released only after he has just released his soul power and the one-star three-pattern Alchemist Medal appeared.

"that……"

"Xiao Yan, can I trouble you with one thing?" The next moment, Mu Yingying seemed to have made a decision, and then she gathered up her courage and said to Xiao Yan.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan also stopped and said.

"I need a second-grade emperor-rank earthen pill. If you reach this level in the future, can you help me refine it?" Mu Yingying also said earnestly.

"Emperor-rank second-rank Earth Pill?" Xiao Yan was also surprised. Obviously, his own soul power was not able to advance to the next level, which led to Xiao Yan's stagnation of the level of alchemist at this time.

Don't look at the fact that Xiao Yan was already a pharmacist at the peak of the first emperor rank, but Xiao Yan didn't have much confidence in breaking through to the second emperor rank.

"I promise you." After thinking for a while, Xiao Yan also agreed to Mu Yingying.

After all, Mu Yingying's actions also warmed Xiao Yan's heart when they were playing the dragon formation in the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

"Thank you." Mu Yingying also whispered softly, and then her heart suddenly became enlightened.

"Brother, wait for me, this medicinal pill is refined, and I will go look for you!"

"Are you really in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family..." Mu Yingying also slowly understood in her heart.

"Are you all right?" Xiao Yan's excellent perception also found that he had just agreed to this Mu Yingying, and Mu Yingying was obviously emotionally unstable.

"I'm fine, I remember some bad things." Mu Yingying also said slightly.

"By the way, I'll give you the prescription first. I just need some herbs. I don't know if I can meet them today." Mu Yingying also said.

"Prescription?" Xiao Yan was also very surprised when he heard this.

For alchemists, the most precious things are the medicinal materials and prescriptions.

And if you choose between the two, I believe many people will choose the latter.

After all, a volume of precious medicine is enough for countless generations to enjoy.

"Mu Yingying, wait, if you give me the prescription like this, you're not afraid of me running away?"

"or……"

"Murdering and stealing goods?" Xiao Yan also asked in surprise.

"No, we are the senior brothers of the sect!" Mu Yingying also said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Just after Mu Yingying finished speaking, a silver-gray scroll also appeared from above her ring, and then slowly handed it over to Xiao Yan.

"This Mu Yingying is really stupid and too simple..." Xiao Yan also said helplessly.

The silver-grey scroll had just appeared, and an extremely large soul pressure also made Xiao Yan's body heavier invariably.

Then Xiao Yan couldn't care less, too much, and immediately put away the silver-gray scroll.

If the scrolls of the second-rank emperor rank earth pill level are used to enter the perception with soul power now, the soul power will be damaged at light, and the heavy will fall directly!

Therefore, Xiao Yan did not rashly probe the scrolls. After all, there are a lot of people here, and a bad one will cause an accident. Therefore, with Xiao Yan's vigilant personality, he will not put himself in danger.

"Let's go, go and see if there is anything else you need here." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he and Mu Yingying also walked around. After a while, the two came to the deepest part of the medicine market.

This is the deepest part of the drug market.

Because the flow of people here is extremely scarce, but there are undoubtedly some powerful people who can enter or set up stalls here.

"Hey, boy, if you take out enough gold coins, then this ghost exorcism liquid can only be sold to him." A sneer also appeared.

Xiao Yan and the others followed their gazes, and found that Mu Feng and a young man with a proud face were at the same booth at the same time, and the booth owner was also looking at the two with a playful look.

"Who is this..."

"What a strong fluctuation of Dou Qi..." Xiao Yan also noticed from the first glance that the young man beside Mu Feng was extremely terrifying!

At least the strength has reached the level of the late five-star fighting emperor!

"Hey, I said old man, there must be a first-come-first-served deal in this business, right?"

"Obviously it was me who came first. I'm optimistic that this thing has already been traded. You are immoral." Mu Feng's face also became ugly, because this ghost exorcism liquid is what he needs, so he will only Be willing to buy with huge gold coins!

After all, this mere pot of ghost-repelling spirit liquid was fired to the point of 4 million by this old man!

"Hehe this friend, you can't say that."

"The geographical location of our Xuantiantian is extremely special. The entire Xuantiantian, southeast, northwest, and four directions are the places where the entrance to the ghost world is sealed, so here, things like this ghost-repelling liquid that have miraculous effects on ghosts are also valuable. Extremely high." The man said in a gentle manner.

The young man showed a gentle aura all over his body.

"Having said that, but under normal circumstances, this pot of ghost spirit liquid is enough for two million gold coins. How can it be sold at such a high price, old man, don't sit on the ground and raise the price." Mu Feng also had a look on his face. Shen Dao.

"When it comes to buying and selling, it's naturally the one with the highest price." The old man from the booth also said with a smile.

After all, not every stall owner is a principled person, and there are some people who are also selling high prices for their own things, obviously they don't care what comes first.

"You old bastard!" At the next moment, Mu Feng was also a little angry, and then angrily said to the old man in front of him, the dark blue vindictiveness all over his body slowly emerged.

"Four million..."

"I'll give you five million." A broad palm also instantly rested on Mu Feng's shoulder, and then a hearty voice appeared.

The young man also looked over slightly, and it was a figure with a heavy ruler on his back.

"Why does this person have an aura that makes me quite uneasy?"

"Strange and strange."

Ask for tickets!