Chapter 674: 3 big dead beasts

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling flame light and black gas melted together instantly, and then the mysterious white smoke here was slowly dispelled a lot.

"It's really a good fluctuation. It seems that among the human beings this time, there seem to be a few very good seedlings."

"Alright, let's be a witness to our feast this time."

"After so many years, the preparatory work has been done, and the remaining dead beasts, you will fulfill me, and I will come to Xuantian Santian with your long-cherished wish." The child at the top of the Infinite Mountain, in the mysterious cave said slowly.

"what!"

"Xiong Yuan, what did you say!"

"The three major mountain ranges have lost contact and cannot enter!" In the Fenxiang Pavilion, many elders headed by Qing Lao and Mu Xuzi sat together, and then the Qing Lao said in a rage!

"Qing Lao, since the ground team and Xiao Yan's two teams entered, it seems that something has been set up in those three mountain ranges. Even if I try my best, I can't enter!"

"This kind of thing has never happened before, so I rushed back to report as soon as possible!" Xiong Yuan said with a wry smile.

"Who else is in the three major mountain ranges now!" The old man's expression was still ugly when he heard the words.

"Back to Qinglao, now there are five people from the ground team and five people from Xiao Yan who have entered the three major mountain ranges."

"Also, your disciple Qinxin is also in the team!" Xiong Yuan said.

"Nonsense!" When the old man heard the words, he was in a hurry!

"Qing Lao, now is not the time to be in a hurry, let's think about how to solve it now." Mu Xuzi also said quite painfully.

These five Xiao Yan people are now the power of their entire human hall. If there is any loss, I am afraid that Mu Xuzi will tear Xiong Yuan apart without hesitation!

"Among the three major mountain ranges, apart from the five-element beasts and the giant beasts of the sky, the other dead beasts do not pose much threat to these little guys." An old man with a beard behind Mu Xuzi said. .

"Don't forget what's in the immeasurable mountains."

"That thing has great ambitions. The confusion this time may be related to it." The old man said solemnly.

"What exactly is that in the Boundless Mountain?" As the voice of the old man fell, all the old men around became curious.

"That thing can be said to be the core of the entire Luoling Mountain. I hope this thing is not too much, otherwise it will hurt my disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion, and I will be the first to forgive it!"

"Go ahead and keep an eye on the news of the ground team and Xiao Yan's second team. If there is any change, report it as soon as possible!"

"Also, if the big dead beasts in Luoling Mountain really want to change, then use the power of my Burning Incense Pavilion to kill them!" The old man's voice came out slowly.

After he finished speaking, the young man walked out of the conference room directly!

"It seems that Qing Lao also loves his precious disciple." Mu Xuzi smiled slowly.

"Xiong Yuan, please pay attention, we have just received the other disciples from the Second Division, and we just got back to Burning Incense to receive news of your kind. Anyone would do this," Mu Xuzi said.

"Okay, who am I and who, am I still afraid of these?" Xiong Yuan rolled his eyes at Mu Xuzi, but he could find that Mu Xuzi cared about him from the bottom of his heart, and he couldn't help feeling a little warm in his heart. .

"However, in this Luoling Mountain, it seems that something is just about to move, and I can't tell the specifics. I hope I think too much." Shaking his head helplessly, Xiong Yuan stepped out of the conference room directly, and then moved towards Luoling Mountain. go.

"Those guys from the Heavenly Palace, I don't know where they went. This time the game was without them, but it was a lot duller."

Xiong Yuan, the deputy head of the Earth Palace, and Mu Xuzi, the deputy head of the Human Palace, I am afraid that they can walk sideways in Xuan Santian. Now they are going to Luoling Mountain together, which shows the importance of this matter.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bastard!" In the Boundless Mountain, the night cat was screaming continuously, because in the last blow, Xiao Yan actually attacked himself directly with the trick of hurting the enemy 800 and losing 1000!

Although his attack also landed on Xiao Yan, apart from a few obvious scars, it did not cause much damage to Xiao Yan, but the night cat was different.

Under the successive attacks of Xiao Yan's Brilliant Emperor Yan, his body had already been injured.

And Xiao Yan, relying on his immortal body of cultivation, coupled with the soul-devouring talisman in his body, most of the talismans were blocked by this night cat's ghost-like attack.

"Tell me, who is the ruler of this Boundless Mountain?" The next moment, Xiao Yan also realized that the power in Ye Cat's body was not as strong as before, and immediately raised the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, facing Ye Cat.

"Hahaha!"

"Human, don't think that you can win this way, our Boundless Mountain is far from being as simple as you think!"

"Mr. Xiong, the two-headed Yalong, come out soon!" The next moment, Ye Cat was forced to go to a no-man's land, so he had to call out to a certain place in the Boundless Mountain!

"Hahaha!"

"Night cat, I didn't expect you to be bullied by humans one day." A deep voice slowly came from the depths of the smoke, and then a deafening voice sounded slowly.

"Hey, this guy should have been educated like this long ago, the province cares about our baby every day!" Another voice was extremely flat.

"And two dead beasts?" With the appearance of these two voices, Xiao Yan's expression suddenly became strange.

"That's right, just to try the current limit!" Xiao Yan said with a smile!

Since swallowing the holy flame, Xiao Yan has not performed the three mysterious transformations of the sky fire. With the addition of the power of the clan mark and the holy flame, Xiao Yan believes that the average seven-star fighting emperor will not give in too much!

"There are actually two dead beasts, looking at the tyrannical level of the voice I am afraid that the strength of these two is even more terrifying!" Qin Xindai's eyes were slightly wrinkled, and she said in surprise.

"No, these two are too strong, it really can't be done, let's retreat first!" Qinxin spoke directly after thinking for a while.

When Qin Xin was about to go to hold Xiao Yan away, she was held back by Mu Yingying.

"Trust him, since he didn't let us go, he must have his plans." Mu Yingying said kindly, but she didn't hesitate to trust Xiao Yan!

"Mr. Bear, the two-headed Yalong, kill this human kid for me!" Ye Cat's eyes flashed with a trace of anger, and then he said.

"Hehe, although the three of us are both residents of Wuliang Mountain, it would be too much for us to fight like this..." said the figure called Lord Xiong.

"That's right!" The two-headed Yalong on the side was also in line.

Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes, and a strong fighting spirit emerged.

As the distance got closer, I found out that this Xiong Jun is extremely muscular, I am afraid that a single blow could tear half a mountain range apart!

The brown fur all over his body couldn't hide his majestic body!

As for the other dead beast, it has two heads, but it is not as majestic as the bear king, but it exudes a strange power, which makes people know at a glance that it is not an ordinary thing!

"Forget it, since everyone is a resident here, then this time I will help you with great mercy!" After Xiong Jun finished speaking, his eyes suddenly stared at Xiao Yan, and a burst of disdain appeared!

Ask for tickets!