Chapter Vol 4 1193: The panic of Soul Eater!

"Since that's the case, let's go first." Yu Yifeng said slowly after a while, his voice filled with a majestic momentum.

As soon as the words fell, a dazzling and fierce fighting qi emerged, which directly swept all the mysterious people here in an instant. With a pinch of the palm, they instantly turned into dust.

"Yes." When everyone saw this, the mysterious people in the team didn't have too much sympathy. After all, they deserved what they deserved, so they slowly prepared to leave for the next village.

Ice and Fire Island exists in a mysterious void. Every once in a while, an entrance will appear randomly in Dongzhou. If they don't encounter it, I am afraid that they will need to wait for more time, so they must hurry and arrive at the entrance in advance to wait.

"Let's go." Seeing the sad expression in the old man, everyone didn't stop, and went directly to the next village. This time, they did not summon the flying beast, but chose the easiest way to walk. After all, this deserted village The village has already been slaughtered, and the next village is definitely not good, but to go there, for the sake of safety, walking is the safest.

"Wait a minute, everyone, Shawu Village may have been slaughtered by gangsters, and you need something to enter Icefire Island, just as the old man knows that he can take you there..."

"The old man knows that his strength is weak, but I still want to urge you to wipe out those villains, so as to comfort the spirits of the dead in our village." Just as Xiao Yan and the others were about to leave, the old man said sadly.

"Shuiyue, you, Xiaoye and Miss Liuqing plus Xiao Yan, the four of you go to Shawu Village to inquire. We and the old man will go get the thing back, otherwise it will be extremely difficult to enter Icefire Island without it." After a while, Yu Yifeng decided.

He needs something to enter the entrance of Ice and Fire Island. He knows this, and now the time is tight, so he can only resort to this.

"Then separate here. If you encounter an invincible enemy, retreat first."

"You guys are headed by little brother Xiao Yan." Yu Yifeng explained, then he smiled slowly at Xiao Yan, and took the two to follow the old man.

The strength of Jade Legacy Three Star Fighting Immortal is naturally able to detect some hidden things, this Xiao Yan is by no means as simple as it seems.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Seeing Yu Yifeng leaving, Xiao Yan shrugged helplessly and said immediately.

Attacking the mysterious people in the deserted village is undoubtedly similar to the power of the Soul Palace on the Dou Qi Continent, so Xiao Yan is still a little afraid of this ghost world. After all, the power of the Soul Palace, even Xiao Yan thinks about it now. Some indifferent.

Fortunately, Xiao Yan had captured a trace of the leader's soul power just now, so he could also question him while he was on his way.

"Let's go to Shawu Village first and see the journey. We should be able to reach the periphery in two days, and then wait and see what happens." Shuiyue on the side took out the map and said with a glance.

"Second uncle is really, why let a hairy boy bring us? Isn't this asking us to die..." Yu Xiaoye, who was beside him, said with a gloomy expression.

Originally, Yu Xiaoye was an eldest young lady with a temper. Before adding Xiao Yan, she was rude to herself and would definitely lose her temper, but after being warned by Yu Yifeng secretly three times, she could only carefully keep her anger in her heart.

Otherwise, if Xiao Yan's qi ran away, the jade legacy would probably make Xiao Ye unable to eat and walk around!

"Let's go." Xiao Yan naturally didn't want to pay attention to this girl, laughed, and took the lead in walking.

Following Xiao Yan's walk, a man and two women followed slowly.

Under the leadership of Xiao Yan's enormous soul power, the four of them avoided the territory of many soul beasts, and the journey was easy, which inevitably weakened Yu Xiaoye's anger towards Xiao Yan.

"There should still be some distance to go. Let's see next, where is this guy sacred?" And Xiao Yan, with his huge soul power, found that there were no enemies in this radius, and he was also doing two things with one heart, preparing to capture the one he had just captured. A trace of soul power to explore.

"Be careful, if this guy is really a member of the ghost kingdom, then he may have some secrets about him. After all, the ghost kingdom is quite mysterious, and even the highest among us in the three domains cannot penetrate them." Xiao Yan's mind moved. At that time, the voice of the Soul Eater came out.

"En." Xiao Yan heard the words, and carefully released a trace of the mysterious man's soul power into his sea of ​​vindictiveness, and immediately mobilized a huge soul power to prepare for exploration.

"Do it!" Xiao Yan was still walking calmly, but at this time, the dazzling soul power in his body was strung against the soul power he had just captured, and the memories poured into Xiao like a sea. In the mind of inflammation.

"This guy seems to have violent soul power fluctuations..."

"Is it an illusion?" Liu Qing's beautiful eyes moved, obviously sensing something, but nothing was wrong with Yu Xiaoye and Shuiyue.

"Huhu." Detecting memory is a rather dangerous method. If Xiao Yan's soul power is weaker than the mysterious person's soul power, he may be taken away by him in an instant, but on the contrary, Xiao Yan's soul power is stronger than him. Suddenly, a lot of information can be obtained from that trace of soul power.

"How could it be possible..." And Xiao Yan just after examining that trace of soul power, his eyes were a little dull, and a wry smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"What's wrong?" Although the Soul Eater was living in Xiao Yan's body, he didn't know what Xiao Yan had found out of the mysterious person's soul power. Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, he couldn't help asking.

"This guy's strength is about the early stage of 2-star Dou Xian, and he has a good position in the ghost kingdom, but he doesn't seem to have contact with their high-level." Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with a hint of pity.

"But I just checked this guy's memory. Apart from saying that a strong man in their ghost kingdom was imprisoned in Icefire Island, it seems that some intermittent memories are telling one thing." Xiao Yan said with some doubts.

"What's the matter?" The Soul Eater asked slightly.

"Light...Devil..."

"...Life...the last ray of light..." Xiao Yan relied on his memory to recheck the memory of his investigation without a trace.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What?" As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the Soul Eater Lord's expression became extremely nervous!

Even in the Na ring, the Soul Eater Talisman and the Blood River Bell exude a monstrous ghostly energy, tightly wrapping the Soul Eater Lord!

"Senior, you are..." This was also the first time Xiao Yan saw the mainstream of Soul Eater revealing such a situation, so he couldn't help saying.

"Those aren't things you should know."

"But next, I will try my best to make you improve your strength quickly."

"Those things, when your strength reaches your own level, whether it is me, the Golden Dragon King, or even the secrets of your Xiao clan, will tell you all the secrets." Soul Eater's voice was full of melancholy, and his words were sincere and sincere. He said to Xiao Yan.

End of this chapter