Chapter Vol 2 825: Go to Hirohan Island

Nearly 15 days have passed since the opening of Fairy Moon Fairy's ruins.

During these fifteen days, Xiao Yan and his group had all shrunk in the spring of life and death, but the others were not doing well.

First of all, the two brothers Feng Hong and Du Chun from the Ancient Desolate Hall.

Ever since Xiao Yan entered the Spring of Life and Death, and learned that they had entered hopeless, they left the swamp area. After all, the Spring of Life and Death is precious, but this treasure is not the only thing in the ruins, if you waste time here , is undoubtedly not a wise choice.

However, the two of them put their minds on the resentful old monster. Even though the resentful old monster has a lot of treasures, the strength of the resentful old monster is enough to have the middle stage of the eight-star fighting emperor, so Feng Hong and Du Chun suffered a lot. , In the end, if the two hadn't escaped by virtue of their abilities, they would have been tortured to death by the resentful old monster.

"Unfortunate, how can this grudge old monster be so strong?" A wry smile appeared at the corner of Feng Hong's mouth.

"Senior brother, I can't blame you for this, mainly because we didn't understand the details of resentment against the old monster." Du Chun said with a grin.

"Okay, you kid." Feng Hong glanced at Du Chun, then said earnestly.

"Do you really take Xiao Yan of Fenxiang Pavilion as your opponent?" The next moment, Feng Hong asked directly with a frown.

"That's right!"

"Xiao Yan, this guy, since he stood out in the points grabbing competition, I swear to surpass him in this life." Du Chun heard the words and smiled slowly.

"This is a good sign, work hard, senior brother is waiting for the day when you will carry forward our ancient desolate temple." Feng Hong heard the words and encouraged.

Although Feng Hong knew that Du Chun might not be able to surpass Xiao Yan, it was obvious that Feng Hong would try his best to help his junior brother.

"By the way, Senior Brother, we only saw Xiao Yan and Qi Haoran when we entered the Molten World..." Although Du Chun was very nervous, he still knew some important things.

"I also feel a little strange about that."

"The members of the Xuanling royal family are inherently mysterious, and the breath of Qi Haoran before his death is extremely wrong. Besides, Qi Haoqing also ran away, and the matter of Qi Haoran is dead without proof."

"But one thing is certain."

"Given the current relationship between Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family, I am afraid that the Xuanling Royal Family will use this to cause trouble. After all, the grievances between the two forces are not one day or two days." Feng Hong shook his head and said.

"Those bastards!" Du Chun heard the words and was in a hurry. Xiao Yan is not only Du Chun's competitor. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan, Du Chun would not be the current Du Chun, so Du Chun is extremely grateful to Xiao Yan. of.

"Okay, it's not our turn to take care of these things. Our top priority now is to go to Guanghan Island first." Feng Hong said.

"Don't you need a token to enter Guanghan Island?" Hearing this, Du Chun suddenly became puzzled.

"It is true that some tokens are needed, but not everyone needs them."

"You only need two tokens from Moonlight Island and Jade Rabbit Island to open the entrance." Feng Hong said.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Du Chun nodded slightly when he heard the words.

"But I just don't know where the fighting spirit is now. That's something that even the fighting spirits are jealous of." Feng Hong looked at Jade Rabbit Island on the side with some nostalgia. It is said that the fighting spirit is on Jade Rabbit Island. of.

Moreover, Feng Hong and the others were originally going to Jade Rabbit Island, but they came to Moonlight Island by accident.

"It doesn't matter, let's go to the entrance of Guanghan Island to gather first. After calculating the time, it should be almost the same." After Feng Hong finished speaking, he took Du Chun directly towards the entrance of Guanghan Island.

"Tsk tsk."

"Qi Haoran that idiot was actually killed by Xiao Yan?"

"Although that guy is arrogant and arrogant, but he is actually the middle stage of the seven-star Dou Emperor, so he fell like this?" In a dark place in Moonlight Island, a man spoke slowly on the stone, in the voice With a somewhat unusual look.

The man is impressively the outstanding disciple of Solomon today, Gunny.

"Hehe, that idiot is hopeless."

"I originally said that I wanted to join forces with the Xuanling royal family, but I didn't expect that there are only the two of us left." On the other side, in front of Gunny, an equally strange man seemed to be holding something in his hand, and his whole body flashed with a green aura. The man said grimly.

"Wang Xie, what are you talking about?"

"Don't you underestimate me?" Hearing that, Gunny was immediately upset.

Although he is only the strength of the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but in real battle, Guni is not much worse than Qi Haoran and Wang Xie in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

"Haha, Brother Gu, that's not what I meant."

"I mean, the fewer people, the more things we get, right?"

"Then Qi Haoran's two brothers have now been killed by Xiao Yan, and the remaining Qi Haoqing don't know where they went. If so, I'm afraid Xiao Yan will get into big trouble." Wang Xie smiled gloomily.

"That's what you said, too." Gunny thought about it, and instantly felt reasonable.

"Okay, put away your disgusting thing, we have to go."

"They have already gathered the tokens on Moonlight Island and Jade Rabbit Island, and they are about to open Guanghan Island."

"Guanghan Island is the real treasure." Guni said to Wang Xie with a disdainful expression on his face.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The ghost knows what this king is doing with this monster's limbs, it's really disgusting.

When Wang Xie heard the words, he immediately smiled, and then his palm sank directly into the head of the beast in his palm. After a while, a beast appeared, and then Wang Xie swallowed the beast abruptly.

"It tastes great." After Wang Xie ate the beast, he didn't forget to say a word, and as Wang Xie devoured the beast like this, the green aura around his body was indistinctly enhanced.

"Let's go." After speaking, the two of them walked directly towards the entrance of Guanghan Island.

And just after the two left, a familiar figure slowly appeared behind them. UU reading www.uukanshu.com

"Hehe, this human body is really comfortable."

"But the pressure here is too strong, and after all, it is the remains of Dou Xian."

"Forget it, let's let this silly boy live a little longer."

"Anyway, that ruthless guy from King Xuanling has planted a formation in Qi Haoqing's body. As soon as the fighting spirit shows up, the dragon-loving legion will appear. At that time, let your fighting spirit be strong and how to protect it. Ruins, let the Xuanling King's people make such a fuss, I finally came out and ended..."

"King Xuanling, you take your fighting spirit. As for our evil tribes outside the realm, we want the remains of the Fairy Moon to be left undisturbed!"

"Fairy Moon Moon was forced to suppress it by dispatching two kings of foreign evil races. How could it be so easy for you..."

"Are you trying to obtain inheritance, these humans..." As Qi Haoqing's strange voice disappeared, Qi Haoqing's pupils and even his breath returned to normal, but the breath was extremely weak.

"Strange, why am I here?"

"what…"

"My head hurts." Qi Haoqing turned slightly, hugged his forehead with his hand, and then spoke.

However, there are two looming mysterious marks that even Qi Haoqing himself may not have discovered.

Two marks, one is the teleportation formation planted by the Xuanling King, and the other is the blood curse of the foreign evil race!

Today, Tekawen, can you update a few more chapters? The latest chapter is updated every day at 8 o'clock in the evening.