Chapter Vol 4 941: little restlessness

"Tsk tsk tsk."

"It seems that our Fenxiang Pavilion has produced an amazing character this time." Looking at the sky, Yan Chi couldn't help but speak out, looking at the sky, he was able to resist the Earth Profound Thunder, which was the most troublesome for alchemists in the past.

Fen Tian had a deep understanding of Di Xuan Lei's domineering. The two old guys in the pharmacy often dragged him over to help resist, so Fen Tian knew very well how tyrannical this pill was.

"This guy, maybe even more perverted than the disciple you accepted before."

"And I don't know where the confidence comes from. I always feel that this guy will recover all the places we lost before in this sect competition." Yan Chi continued.

"The elixir of the second-grade emperor rank peak."

"Earth Profound Thunder."

"But I don't think his puppet is vegetarian. I'm afraid that puppet alone can easily deal with the powerhouses in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor." Fen Tian smiled at Yan Chi.

"We have deep grievances with the Xuanling royal family. Every time the sect competes, many of our Fenxiang Pavilion's disciples have fallen into their hands..."

"This kind of **** vengeance must be repaid." A murderous intent suddenly appeared in Fen Tian's pupils.

"The competition in the sect was originally a fight with anger. Going inside, life and death are all up to you, so..." Yan Chi looked at Fen Tian and remembered some sad things, and hurriedly comforted him.

"I know."

"However, every time the Xuanling royal family competes in the sects, they are responsible for hunting our disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion. This time, I hope that this guy Xiao Yan will avenge us well." Fen Tian said.

For the sect competition, although the rewards are extremely generous, in the life-and-death battle, every sect competition will lose some outstanding disciples.

However, there are so many super sects in Xuantian San, why are they the Burning Incense Pavilion, the number of disciples who die every year is the most, and the culprit is the Xuanling royal family.

"This is……"

"That guy Xiao Yan!" Outside the pharmacy, Leng Fuyao was sitting here listlessly, obviously not knowing what to think.

But the next moment, when the beautiful eyes saw the black Dan Lei in the sky, he suddenly opened his mouth.

As a pharmacist, she knew very well what level of medicinal pills would trigger them, and looking at the signs, the medicinal pills Xiao Yan refined this time were actually as high as the second rank of the emperor!

Moreover, it is still the pinnacle of the second-grade emperor rank!

You must know that before meeting Xiao Yan, Leng Fuyao was quite confident in his refining skills and soul power, but after meeting Xiao Yan, his pride seemed to be hit...

"This guy, what a pervert!"

"Not only has the cultivation of Dou Qi made rapid progress, but even the refining skills of medicine are far superior to those of his peers."

"And the most irritating thing, Dan Lei, which was the most troublesome for our pharmacists in the past, turned into a great supplement for tempering puppets in his hands."

"No, I have to do my best, I must not be thrown too far by this guy." Leng Fuyao clenched his fists, then ran directly into the pill room and began to practice.

At the same time, Xiao Yan was standing in the sky, the dazzling black Earth Profound Thunder was like a burst of deadly rain, leaning straight towards the Golden Demon Puppet!

Every time the black Earth Profound Lightning emerging from the thundercloud hits the Golden Demon Puppet, it will make the golden lines on the Golden Demon Club's body appear even brighter!

Xiao Yan didn't know where the golden pattern came from. The only thing he knew was that this golden demon was transformed by his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, so this thing must have some secrets that Xiao Yan didn't know.

However, Xiao Yan was pleasantly surprised to find that every time the golden pattern was tempered by Dan Lei, it became more dignified! After being dignified, the strength of the Golden Demon Puppet also slowly improved.

Although I don't know where the limit of this Golden Demon Puppet is, according to Xiao Yan's estimation, if it is fully absorbed, how can this Golden Demon Puppet be comparable to a human 8-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse.

"It looks like it's almost there." Xiao Yan looked at the golden demon puppet in the center of the thundercloud in the sky. A trace of burning smell came out, and then he didn't stand by. He gently took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him, and slowly Slowly heading towards the depths of the thunderstorm.

In this state, the clone is that the absorption has reached saturation this time. If it continues, I am afraid it will explode and die.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Golden Demon Puppet, come back!" Xiao Yan snorted softly, and immediately called the Golden Demon Puppet out of the thundercloud.

This incomparably vicious Dan Lei has already been absorbed by the Golden Demon Puppet, but in order to ensure the perfect formation of the elixir, Xiao Yan naturally decided to give Di Xuan Lei a fatal blow!

"Weng Om Om!" Jin Yaopup heard the words, his figure suddenly moved, and fled outside the thunder cloud.

The golden lines on his body are looming, quite beautiful.

It's just that when the golden demon puppet's figure exploded, a black dan thunder with a size of hundreds of meters in the sky suddenly condensed and emerged from the thundercloud, and then silently crossed the sky and attacked the golden demon puppet.

"It's good to come!"

"Eat me a foot!"

"Heavenly Imprisonment Ruler!" Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was shining brightly in the palm of his hand, and then he held the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng tightly with both hands. , suddenly hit the black lightning!

"Boom boom boom!" The deafening voice slowly scattered from the sky, and then the dense thunderclouds, after all, did not resist Xiao Yan's powerful blow, and instantly dissipated in the sky, and the sky above the Fenxiang Pavilion recovered quickly. Clear skies.

This is also normal. After all, although the black Earth Profound Thunder is terrifying, nearly nine-tenths of its power has been absorbed by the Golden Demon Puppet, so how can it resist Xiao Yan's attack.

"In the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Di..."

"Not bad Xiao Yan glanced at the golden demon puppet with satisfaction, and then smiled.

But just as the smile appeared, a faint crack appeared out of thin air in front of Xiao Yan.

"Where to run."

"Since you were created, then there is a reason for you to escape." Xiao Yan waved his hand and grabbed a gray elixir the size of a longan in his hand.

The next moment, Xiao Yan returned to the training room directly with the Golden Demon Puppet and the medicinal pill. Next, was the crucial moment to resurrect his ancestor Xiao Xuan!

However, Xiao Yan naturally didn't know that the entire Burning Incense Pavilion was boiling with his sudden scene.

"Am I dreaming……"

"The figure just now seemed to be a bit like Senior Brother Xiao Yan from the Human Palace."

"Dan Lei of that level is actually like a balloon with no power in his hands!"

"Senior Brother Xiao Yan, in addition to his talent for fighting qi cultivation, is also very skilled in refining medicine, which really makes us ashamed..." The disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion couldn't help but said.

"It seems that the leader of the sect competition this time has fallen." At the same time, some senior officials of the Burning Incense Pavilion looked at Xiao Yan who disappeared into the sky, and smiled slowly, but now Xiao Yan is single-minded. Thinking of resurrecting his ancestor Xiao Xuan, of course he didn't know what kind of agitation he had just caused.

There will be four shifts at the end of the month,

12/14/16/18, ask for a wave ticket