Chapter 135: Guess the secret of Qing Yuan!

Seeing that the explosion in the Wucheng slowly subsided, Xiao Yan also felt relieved, thinking that he would not be able to find trouble for himself in this Wucheng in a short time.

After all, the explosion of Wucheng this time was a heavy loss. The elites in the family lost more than two-thirds. Wu Huan's only son, Wu Huan, also died in this explosion, and the elites of the Mu family also lost nearly one-third. , and then all the people brought by the soul deacon died except him!

Because at the moment of the explosion, Soul Deacon used the body and soul power of his subordinates to form a huge protective film in front of him, so he was the least injured in this explosion.

"Damn little bastards, dare to tease us!" The Lord of Wucheng also said angrily, and then grabbed it out of thin air, and an air of nothingness appeared on his palm.

The weak breath is the power of Wu Huan's soul, but after the explosion just now, this soul power is also weak and insignificant, like a spark that may be extinguished at any time!

"City Lord, please calm down. Wu Huan's situation is not without medicine. It has been recorded in our Soul Clan that if we use the soul power of many strong people to infuse, Wu Huan will be able to regenerate." Soul Deacon also said. .

"Is this true?" The Lord of Wucheng was also surprised. Although he didn't know what the **** the Soul Clan was thinking about, they had only cooperated with the Soul Clan before, exchanging information and things with each other.

"Don't worry, there is no need for our dignified soul clan to lie to you." The soul deacon also said.

"In this case..." The Lord of Wucheng also carefully planned in his heart. He is such an only son. Although he is a little jealous, his cultivation has not fallen. In the future, Wu Huan will naturally inherit his position. After careful consideration, he agreed. Soul Deacon.

After all, this so-called soul clan is too mysterious and powerful. Since they have a way to save their son, why not do it.

"Well, City Master Wu needs to collect enough souls, and then..." Soul Deacon also laughed.

The people of the Mu family on the side were also shocked when they heard the words. The Lord of Wucheng and the Soul Deacon seemed to be whispering something.

On the other side, Xiao Yan was also merging the power of twenty-two different fire sources, and the terrifying destructive power of the lotus of annihilation made him quite satisfied, and then he controlled his soul clone to attack Wucheng. After the terrifying return, after all this tossing, Xiao Yan's strength couldn't stand it, and then he also found a cave in the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains and prepared to cultivate.

In a hole about ten meters in length, Xiao Yan placed a huge ancient ruler of different fire in front of him, and then sat down with his legs crossed, carefully conditioning the injury in his body.

Sure enough, the fusion of the twenty-two different fire origin powers consumed a lot of soul power, and then the remaining soul power was used to control the soul clones in the distance. At this time, Xiao Yan was also pale, and his soul power was almost used and empty.

However, it is also fortunate that Xiao Yan has a lot of medicinal pills to restore his vindictive energy and even his soul power, so he just found a cave to cultivate.

"Hey, Xiao Yanzi, the kind of lotus of annihilation that you fused before is too terrifying, if it wasn't for your soul power to step into the emperor realm, your fate would not be as terrifying as that three-winged unicorn. Much better." His master Jinlong King also flew out slowly and said to Xiao Yan who was adjusting his breath.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also laughed. After all, the fusion of the power of the source of the different fires was his trump card on the Dou Qi Continent. He had to practice it when he came to this Dou Di Continent, but fortunately, even on the Dou Di Continent. , This lotus of annihilation is also a powerful killer of Xiao Yan.

The only downside is that it takes time to fuse such a terrifying lotus of silence.

"Although the breath of the cyan woman from earlier is familiar, I don't remember that I have ever met..."

"But one thing is certain, the unicorn is the sitting force and partner of the angel family, and the cyan woman should also be an angel. Moreover, the unicorn has three wings, and its status in the family is not low... …”

"In this case, you don't need to worry too much about Qingyuan's niece. Presumably she will not be weaker than you in the future." The Golden Dragon King analyzed.

When his master Jinlongwang analyzed, Xiao Yan had also completed his conditioning, and the injuries caused by the fusion of the lotus of annihilation in his body had almost recovered. Seven, seven, eight, eight, and the rest can only be recovered slowly.

"Huh? Why did the master explain that?" Xiao Yan also cast doubtful eyes. Although he had vaguely guessed that the white wings behind the cyan woman should have something to do with Qing Yuan, he did not think that they really of the same race.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also fought against the three-winged unicorn, which really made Xiao Yan a little...

"You don't know, the angel family is divided into positions by wings, from half angels with one wing to gods with twelve wings, except for the wings, it is divided by the color of the wings, the angels with green wings are responsible for guarding, and the angels with red wings are responsible for guarding. They are in charge of law enforcement, and the angels with white wings are the angel group, and they have powerful healing methods, so they are not good at fightingThe Golden Dragon King said slowly.

"What about Qing Yuan's purple wings?" Xiao Yan also knew that although Qing Yuan's wings were pure white at the beginning, they turned purple under the blooming of the colorful flowers, and the purple was not brought by the colorful flowers. Going, as if Qingyuan owns it, the colorful Yuyan flower just plays the role of a medicinal guide.

"As for the angel with purple wings, it is the most expensive blood flowing, and he still knows the real resurrection magic when he has the power of healing..."

"Humans are generally called archangels, or..."

"Envoy!" The Golden Dragon King also murmured.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When Xiao Yan heard this, it sounded like thunder in his heart.

"Qing Yuan is actually..." Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly. Although he didn't know why Qing Yuan fell into this small Qingcheng, the word "God Envoy" could be tainted with the word "God Envoy". The potential is too scary.

Moreover, the words "resurrection magic" shocked Xiao Yan too much. Once a normal person dies, apart from the method of refining the body with the remaining soul, how else can he be resurrected?

This is obviously the reason why the angel family has always been standing at the peak of the Great Thousand World, Xiao Yan also comforted himself.

"These things are too far away from you. You will know in the future. Since you are sure that Qing Yuan is fine, you should also look at the scroll of the vertebrae obtained in the ruins." The Golden Dragon King also returned to normal, facing Xiao Yan. .