Chapter 225: Infighting!

The night passed quickly, but the day and night in the corpse forest can’t be distinguished with the naked eye. After all, the corpse forest is surrounded by black ghosts all day long. Only the token in hand can know the day and night, as well as the point looting competition. the remaining time.

"Thirteen." Yueru also glanced at the token on her waist.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan also took the lead.

Yueru and Mu Feng also followed behind Xiao Yan.

"Long Yi, do you know the exact location of the dry well?" Xiao Yan also used his soul power to communicate with Long Yi, but Xiao Yan also found that his master Jinlong King rarely spoke recently. Obviously, it was like this when he came out of the secret realm, so Xiao Yan did not bother.

"Isn't the Yinyue Tianlang very specific before?" Long Yi also said depressedly, after all, Long Yi just saw what Xiaoyue attached to Xiao Yan's ear and said with his own eyes.

"Do you know?" Xiao Yan also asked with a frown.

This is not Xiao Yan's intention to make things difficult for Long Yi. After all, what Xiaoyue said just now only mentioned that the huge treasure was in the dry well on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest. As for the location, it was not mentioned.

"I know, go this way." Long Yi also motioned to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan also strode forward, and then the huge soul force constantly enveloped the surroundings to prevent any enemies. After all, the first layer of the corpse forest is a bit mysterious, so it must be treated with care.

Afterwards, the huge soul force also vaguely felt that there were several quite powerful forces, one extremely hot, one extremely powerful, and there was some extremely strange aura in the depths, but it was too far away, so it can only be roughly Feeling it, then shook his head and walked up quickly.

"Xiao Yan, what's wrong?" Mu Feng also noticed something wrong with Xiao Yan's expression.

"It's okay, I found some familiar auras, but I don't know who it is..." After that, he smiled at the two of them.

"Forget it, let's go to the destination first."

"Okay." After speaking, the three of them also walked towards the place where the dry well was.

"Damn!"

"How come the restrictions here are so powerful, and the three of us can't open it!" The ghost spirit also stared at a giant black doorway in front of him.

The ghost spirit and the ghost spirit of the secluded spring, together with the combined efforts of Hongye, the lord of the red valley, did not shake the black giant door in front of him, so they couldn't help but stammered a bit.

"The restriction on this giant gate is so powerful..." Hong Ye also wrinkled her eyes slightly, gently stroking the black giant gate.

The red leaf's shallow jade hand just touched the black giant door, and the cold feeling immediately hit the whole body. Suddenly, a very small gray energy also overflowed from the door, and then hit the red leaf. Above the black giant door, there was an extremely Horrible fluctuations spread out.

"Rewind!" When the three saw the gray energy, they suddenly backed away.

It wasn't until ten meters back that the gray energy looked around and returned to the black giant gate.

"This black giant gate is so weird..." Youquan said ghostly.

"This black giant gate is to besiege the other half of the twin ghost emperors. Breaking through this black giant gate is where the other half of the twin ghost emperors is sealed..." The ghost ghost also looked at the black giant gate in front of him with resentment, and found that the three of them were People are also helpless.

"It seems that we can only wait until the "Yin Moon" comes eight days later. After all, by that time, the ghost energy in the entire Yin Corpse Forest will skyrocket, which will greatly increase our strength."

"When the time comes, we will have a lot of confidence in breaking this giant black door," said the ghostly spring.

After the three of them finished speaking, they were just about to leave, but they found that a rather strange aura slowly appeared from behind.

"Who is it!" Hongye was also the first to sense this aura, and then the terrifying Six-Star Dou Emperor's aura showed off!

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"It's me!" A weak voice also slowly came from the void.

"Twin ghost emperors?" Hong Ye was also quite surprised, looking at the black figure in the cloak in front of him, Hong Ye vaguely found that his breath was very sluggish, and he was obviously seriously injured!

"What's wrong with you, Ghost Emperor?" The ghost ghost also supported the twin ghost emperors, and then the strange black ghost energy in his body was continuously transported away, completely ignoring whether it would hurt his own origin.

The twin ghost emperors are not just the superiors of the ghost, and the two are not as simple as the relationship between the superior and the subordinate.

Because the life of the ghost ghost was saved by the twin ghost emperors, so the ghost ghost also voted for Li and was loyal to the twin ghost emperors.

Youquan kept rolling his eyes on the side, staring at the injured twin ghost emperors, obviously he had some plans.

"Our stronghold in Hongshan has been exposed, these Xuantian people should know about our plan..."

"While I was absorbing the last two human beings, I was seriously injured by the last two powerful humans!"

"Cough cough cough..." He said, coughing violently.

"Can't wait any longer!"

"The plan must be advanced!" Qi Mei also firmly supported the Ghost Emperor and said decisively.

"No, the ghost energy has not penetrated into all the participants, and planning ahead will only make us fall short!"

"I absolutely disagree!" Youquan also said angrily.

"Youquan, do you know who you are talking to!" Qi Mei also said angrily!

"Don't think of anyone here today starting early!" Youquan Ghost also said angrily.

"Youquan, I think you're impatient with your life!" The ghost spirit shouted loudly.

"Humph!"

"I don't know who is impatient to live!"

"Hongye, go up!" After the ghost spirit of Youquan finished speaking, the ghostly energy all over his body was also permeating out!

A strength comparable to that of a human being in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor suddenly appeared from the ghost of the secluded spring. UU reading www.uukanshu. com

"Damn, you actually broke through the fifth rank secretly!" The ghost ghost was also surprised!

Originally, the strength of this secluded spring was only comparable to the strength of the human four-star fighting emperor in the early stage. After absorbing a lot of ghost energy in the cold pool where the twin ghost emperors appeared, it reached the peak of the four-star fighting emperor like the ghost ghost spirit. level!

At first, the ghosts and ghosts didn't pay attention, but now I realize that this secluded spring is too cunning!

The ghost ghost is the subordinate of the twin ghost emperors, and its strength is comparable to the powerhouse of the peak of the four-star fighting emperor, but the peak of the four-star fighting emperor and the early stage of the five-star fighting emperor are very different.

The face of the ghost ghost was also solemn at this time.

"Hongye, don't listen to the ghosts of the secluded spring, and fight against the ghost emperor, what will your lover do?" The ghost ghost also understands that a ghost of the secluded spring is not a threat, and the most important thing is the master of the red valley. , Hongye, a powerhouse with the initial strength of the Six-Star Dou Di!

When Hongye heard the words, her eyes were also slightly wrinkled, and then she looked at the ghost of the secluded spring, obviously worried.

"Don't worry, Hongye, if you help me succeed, don't talk about your lover's life, even if you want this Xuantian to kill your lover's blood, it's a trivial matter." Youquan also laughed.

"Ghost Emperor, you go first!"

"I'll stop them!" After the ghost ghost said, it was also behind him who killed the twin ghost emperors.

"Don't even try to run away!" Youquan Ghost Spirit also greedily looked at the severely injured Twin Ghost Emperor and the Ghostly Ghost Spirit.

If you devour them yourself, then your own strength...

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: