Chapter 388: King Xuanling appeared!

"That is……"

"Xiao Yan!" After waiting for a long time, Mu Feng also found two familiar figures that came out of the underground palace, and then took a closer look and found that it was Xiao Yan!

At this time, Xiao Yan was behind Zhu Lao, and his body was very weak. Even if he absorbed a lot of high-level medicinal herbs, he would not be able to recover from this serious injury in a short time.

It's just that Mu Feng also found out that at this time, Lao Zhu's eyes were fierce, and he was obviously a little angry.

"Ye Mo!"

"I can't think of your dignified Xuanling royal family, but you're doing some unrighteous things behind your back!" Zhu Lao also walked out and said to the Ye Mo old man on the ground.

"Zhu Jin, please don't spray people with blood, my Xuanling royal family has always been good, isn't it like this?" Ye Mo also snorted coldly, and then said not to be outdone.

"Hahaha!"

"Then why did my disciple suffer such a serious injury?" Elder Zhu also laughed, then stared at Ye Mo and said.

Being stared at by Zhu Jin, the thunder cloud above the sky also swelled extremely, and then Ye Mo also felt that a chill slowly filled his heart...

"The powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di are really different..."

"Looking at Old Ghost Zhu's attitude, it's going to be troublesome now." Ye Mo said slightly in his heart.

"Today!"

"If your Xuanling royal family doesn't give me an explanation, then I'm afraid this matter is not so easy to solve!" The next moment, the aura of Zhu Lao suddenly soared, and then a huge voice echoed in the exit of the entire underground palace. place.

"Sigh..." Ye Mo also sighed, obviously he didn't expect things to develop to this point.

After all, the Zhu Jin in front of him has the capital to speak, because at this time, Zhu Jin, who is at the pinnacle level of Dou Di, plus his special status as a Dou Formation Master, I am afraid that the entire Xuanling Royal Family has the power to fight, not to mention He is the only one present now, a strong man who has just stepped into the Nine Star Dou Emperor.

"Dou formation masters are really amazing and fearful beings..." Some strong men guarding the underground palace also made some noises.

Xiao Yan also felt Old Zhu's actions, obviously for his own sake, and he couldn't help feeling warm. Then, with this terrifying backer, Xiao Yan didn't care about Old Zhu, and walked straight to Mu Feng's side, and said: "Is she all right?"

"It's okay, it's just that it's overdrawn, it's too weak, and it takes a long time to recover." Mu Feng also said.

"Show me." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also stretched out his hand towards Mu Yingying who was weak.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes." Mu Feng heard this and slowly handed Mu Yingying to Xiao Yan.

Mu Yingying just started, and an extremely cold feeling also emanated from her body.

There was a hint of hesitation in Xiao Yan's pupils, and then he held Mu Yingying's delicate body with one hand and dragged Mu Yingying's forehead with the other.

In the next moment, Xiao Yan also displayed a huge soul power, trying to nourish and repair Mu Yingying's injury, but what makes Xiao Yan strange is that even Mu Yingying, who was injured at this time, did not accept his own power at all. , as if there was something in Mu Yingying's body that blocked Xiao Yan's power.

After some attempts, Xiao Yan also gave up this practice, and then slowly took out a few quite exquisite medicinal pills from the Na ring on his finger, ready to take it for Mu Yingying.

The medicinal pill in Xiao Yan's hand just appeared, and everyone on the side was a little envious. After all, the value of high-level medicinal pills is quite expensive, and only a few can have it.

Xiao Yan also ignored the 3721, then freed up one hand, took out the medicinal pill, and slowly walked towards Mu Yingying's lips.

Gently opened Mu Yingying's lips, and then put the medicinal pills in.

The medicinal pill had just entered Mu Yingying's lip. I don't know if it was out of instinct or what, but Mu Yingying's lip moved slightly, and then she chewed the medicinal pill.

The next moment, the medicinal pill also turned into an extremely pure energy, flowing slowly along Mu Yingying's lips.

As Mu Yingying swallowed Xiao Yan's medicinal pill, her complexion gradually became brighter, and her body's injuries also improved significantly. In this way, Xiao Yan was relieved.

After all, when Mu Yingying faced the enshrinement of the Xuanling royal family, who was as powerful as the eight-star Dou Emperor, she had no intention of backing down, and she did not hesitate to use the power beyond her own. This leaf really moved Xiao Yan a little, so There is only the present scene.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know why Mu Yingying possessed the holy flame, and from the previous point of view, Mu Yingying should have deliberately covered up the secret that she had the holy flame on her body, but Xiao Yan also admired Mu Yingying quite a bit.

After doing all this, Xiao Yan also glanced at Mu Yingying in his hand, and found that there was a hint of stubbornness on Mu Yingying's delicate face at this time.

The next moment, Xiao Yan and Mu Feng also raised their heads at the same time, and looked at Elder Zhu beside him!

"Zhu Jin, don't go too far!"

"Entering the Xuanling Emperor Pond is inherently risky, you are playing a fool." Ye Mo also shouted helplessly, trying to shake the bamboo embers.

Zhu Jin also ignored Ye Mo at all, but found that in the sky at this time, the densely covered terrifying thunderclouds also weakened a little, and the space trembled a little.

The next moment, Zhu Lao also slowly shouted into the sky: "Since you are here, why hide?"

"King Xuanling."

As Zhu Lao's voice fell, a smile came from above the sky: "Hahaha, Zhu Jin, your eyes are still so old-fashioned."

The voice just fell A certain space above the sky also wriggled, and then a figure slowly appeared in it.

With golden clothes all over the figure, you can tell that he is not an ordinary person at a glance.

But at this time, the terrifying fluctuations around the Xuanling King also slowly spread out.

"Actually, even King Xuanling was alarmed..."

"For such a big thing, if the Xuanling King doesn't show up, I'm afraid things will get out of hand..."

"Yeah, after all, these are all Dou Di peak level powerhouses. If you are a little careless, that's..." There were also constant whispers of guard soldiers around.

"King Xuanling?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils also shrank tightly!

Although I don't know why, Xiao Yan is certain that the strength of the Xuanling King is undoubtedly a longer improvement than the selection of the super sect at the beginning!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, in the depths of Xiao Yan's soul realm, the Holy Flame Soul Seed also suddenly produced extremely violent movements!

That kind of feeling seems to originate from the invisible flame around the Xuanling King...

"What the **** is going on here!" Xiao Yan was also at a loss at this time, but he had no choice but to suppress the unhappiness in his heart, and then forcibly suppressed the holy flame soul seed in the soul realm!

The next moment, Mu Yingying in Xiao Yan's hands seemed to make some extremely weak movements because of the appearance of the Xuanling King, and then fell silent again.

Ask for tickets!