Chapter Vol 4 1130: 3 treasure chests

"Evil pharmacist?" Qing Wen's voice was like thunder, and it exploded in Xiao Yan's heart!

"What is an evil pharmacist?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking while looking at the skeleton in front of him.

In the sunken space in front of them, at the bottom, a skeleton sitting on a silver seat was in sight of the three!

Moreover, among the three, Xiao Yan, who has the most powerful soul power, is Shen Sheng, his eyes fixed on him, and a trace of unease emerges!

"The so-called evil pharmacist is similar to the refining pharmacist."

"But they are a branch other than pharmacists, because they are not refining magic pills, but all kinds of harmful pills!" of hatred.

"It turned out to be the Evil Medicine Master's Pill Palace. No wonder I saw some pill bottles outside. They were all empty, as if someone had stepped in first." Qing'er shook her head.

"Could it be that the puppets of the ten Dou Emperor peaks who were turned into ashes were turned into puppets and became part of the guarding of the Pill Palace because they ingested these pills by mistake?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being shocked.

If Xiao Yan's guess is correct, I am afraid that the corpse of the evil pharmacist in front of him is extremely terrifying!

"Even though the evil pharmacist is disgusting, this guy has fallen, so don't worry too much." Seeing that her eldest brother and Xiao Yan both looked heavy, Qing'er couldn't help laughing.

"Qing'er, you don't know, the evil pharmacist's methods are extremely vicious, and you can see that this guy can have such a huge alchemy hall after his death, and his status must not be low."

"So I guess, even if this guy has fallen, I'm afraid there is still a lot of danger in this alchemy hall..." Qing Wen said, looking at the skeleton below with a solemn expression.

"There seems to be something on this guy's body?" After Xiao Yan heard Yan Qing's words, he slowly opened his mouth and couldn't help saying.

Because at this time, under Xiao Yan's high concentration, the skeleton's corpse was trembling faintly!

"Could it be that this guy didn't die?" Qing Wenwen seemed to have noticed this scene and couldn't help exclaiming.

"Impossible. Although this guy's corpse exudes a huge aura, but if you carefully sense it, it is the aura of death."

"How could a dead person be resurrected out of thin air." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"What's the reason for that?" Qing Wen was quite puzzled when he heard this. Obviously, he had never seen such a situation in his life.

"Let's take one step at a time."

"I'll give it a try." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and the bright blue-yellow flames were projected directly at him, and immediately above the skeleton body in the silver seat, a thick white mist was scorched by Xiao Yan's flames. Baked and turned into powder.

"There should be no problem now." After doing all this, Xiao Yan said with satisfaction after he glanced around three times and there was no movement.

"Go down and have a look."

"There is no treasure in the Pill Palace, I'm afraid the secret is still with this guy." Xiao Yan looked around and said immediately.

"Let's go." Seeing this, Qing Wen showed a rare smile. It was obvious that Xiao Yan had been helping them since entering the Ghost King Ridge.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Pfft." The three of them didn't hesitate at all, their footsteps slowly lifted, and then they stepped on the steps and walked towards the bottom.

"Ten sets..."

There is no movement!

"Fifteen sets..."

There is no movement!

"Twenty!"

However, when the three of them set foot on the 20th station, the next step is to set foot in the tens of meters of space where the skeleton is, and the mutation suddenly occurs!

"Squeak." With a sound, a milky white breath slowly emerged from the mouth and nose of the skeleton that was close at hand, and then the skeleton gently stood up from the silver seat like a living person!

"Damn it!" When Xiao Yan saw this scene, he couldn't help but feel numb in his scalp, and a shock burst out!

The corpse in front of them, to put it bluntly, is a pile of human beings built from the bones, without any flesh and blood, but at this time it actually stood up alive!

"This bastard!" Seeing this, Qing Wen suddenly exuded the power of life and death. He knew very well that the aura emanating from the corpse was definitely not something the three of them could deal with. The vitality of both of them!

"Retreat!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly when he saw the skeleton standing up, and then quickly retreated with the two of them!

"Susu!" Sensen Baigu stood on the silver seat, and then his head turned directly to face Xiao Yan and the others!

But what makes Xiao Yan strange is that these white bones have no flesh and blood, no eyes, how do they identify their positions, and how do they emit aura?

"Boom boom boom!" Skeleton ignored the three seven twenty one, the white bone hand gently lifted, and swung it towards Xiao Yan below, an incomparably huge and tyrannical training shot blasted away at Xiao Yan!

"Bang bang bang!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't dare to be sloppy, he made a promise with his palm, and took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire from behind, and attacked heavily with the skeleton's attack.

"This guy, what a tyrannical attack."

"I am afraid that my strength during his lifetime reached the two-star Dou Xian, and the current strength is probably close to the one-star Dou Xian consummation. Now it's troublesome!" Xiao Yan was attacked by the tyrannical training and retreated six or seven steps. strength, stabilized the figure.

"Brother Qing, follow me to break his seat!" At the next moment, a bold idea slowly emerged in Xiao Yan's heart!

Since the fighting immortal puppet just now is this guy's proud work, will the silver armor used by the fighting fairy skeletons enough to absorb other people's attacks and the silver seat the skeletons sit on now have the same effect?

"Okay!" Qing Wen didn't dare to hesitate, otherwise the only thing waiting for them would be death!

"Susu!" The bones stood on the silver seat and let out gloomy laughter, followed by tyrannical fluctuations that kept attacking the three of them!

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"Hand of Sunny Sky!" The next moment Xiao Yan and Qingwen's attack directly flashed past the skeleton's attack, and the attack landed on the silver seat!

"Boom boom boom!" Even in the face of the tyrannical attacks from Xiao Yan and Qing Wen, the silver seat remained motionless!

"No movement?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned while continuously pumping strength.

If this silver seat is not the life point of the distance, I am afraid that this time, I can only retreat first. Xiao Yan is currently not sure that he can defeat a powerhouse whose strength is close to the perfection of the one-star Dou Xian unless he uses the three holy flames. In between, just a small level, the strength is like a world of difference.

"Little guy, increase your strength."

"Inject the power of holy flame." Just as Xiao Yan was about to withdraw, the voice of the Soul Eater slowly emerged.

"En!" After being said by Soul Eater, Xiao Yan didn't have any worries, he directly increased the power of his body and attacked the silver seat.

The silver seat that was originally motionless, but after Xiao Yan delivered the source of holy flame, made bursts of restless sounds, and then after a while, a few "bang bang bang" explosions!

"This skeleton... is actually dead?" Seeing Xiao Yan's move, Qing'er Meimu couldn't help but muttered.

"That's... three treasure chests?" Just after smashing the silver seat, the skeleton seemed to have lost its vitality. The treasure chest of , reflected in Xiao Yan's eyes.