Chapter 342: 7 Fish Ring Silver Dragon!

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan also whispered, and before he finished speaking, the three of them acted at the same time!

It is astonishingly heading towards the bottom of that formation basin!

When Xiao Yan was drinking at Mu Feng, he also discovered the strange stone in the hands of the two brothers and sisters Xiao Shou and Da Pang...

In conjunction, the two brothers and sisters just came up from the bottom of the basin. Obviously, the stone was obtained from below, so they hurried to check!

Then, when going down, following the path, Xiao Yan also remembered what Elder Zhu had instructed him before.

"Everyone who can enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond can get a lot of benefits, but this Xuanling Emperor Pond is full of many strange things."

"What you can get is completely different from the test you received when you entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond."

"The so-called test means that it is a kind of experience..."

"Or the assessment of you by some powerhouses."

"Nine Fish Playing the Dragon Formation, this is a formation with extremely amazing defensive power. It was lucky enough to be captured by the Xuanling Imperial Family. I think they will also be arranged on the periphery of this Xuanling Imperial Pond to test you. After all, no matter from The preciousness of this Xuanling Emperor Pond is still worthy of using this Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation."

"Xiao Yan, you have to remember that in this nine-fish-playing-dragon formation, nine-fish appear together. Even me, I can't break its defense, so I can only outsmart it."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation is a defensive formation. It is the most powerful with the common guardianship of the nine powerhouses. When the nine powerhouses come together, even the Fighting Immortal Powerhouse cannot support it for long."

"However, the Xuanling royal family obviously won't be able to open the nine fish together, otherwise it would be a big deal, not to mention that the resources needed by the nine fish are quite good, so the Xuanling royal family will definitely not be like this. made."

"According to my estimation, at least the number of five fishes will open in this nine-fish play dragon formation."

"Nine fish play dragon formation, even if it is five fish, its power is far beyond what you can fight against."

"Five fishes appear together, and their strength is comparable to that of a five-star Doudi perfection level powerhouse."

"However, the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Array also has its own way of breaking it."

"The Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation has nine passages and one main battlefield."

"The nine passages represent the habitat of nine strong men, and each passage is guarded by strong men. What you have to do is to defeat or get the guardian's approval."

"If you defeat or get the guardian's approval, you will get a stone, and that stone is the key to opening the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation and entering the Xuanling Emperor Pond."

"As for the so-called main battlefield, it is also located in the center of the formation. You also need to take something from the main battlefield to deal with the nine powerhouses." Elder Zhu's voice also slowly echoed in Xiao Yan's heart.

Obviously, Zhu Lao had long expected that the Xuanling royal family would not tell Xiao Yan and the others this information so easily, so Zhu Lao also told Xiao Yan long ago.

The sad brothers and sisters Xiaoshou and Dafa were still having fun, thinking that Xiao Yan and the others did not know how to solve this formation, so they also left Xiao Yan and the others first, in order to collect the stones in the hands of the guardians faster. , and secondly, to make Xiao Yan and the others unaware of the flaws in this formation.

"Shabu Shabu!" In just a few short breaths, the three of Xiao Yan also came to the bottom of the basin.

What was somewhat unexpected to Xiao Yan was that the bottom of this basin was actually an open area with a length of several hundred meters.

Nothing but that!

"Pfft!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's huge soul power also emerged instantly, and then he probed the ground hundreds of meters above the ground.

"It seems that something is covering up here..." Xiao Yan also spoke slowly, and his eyes became extremely surprised.

Because of the result of Xiao Yan's investigation just now, he felt that there seemed to be an invisible force blocking Xiao Yan's investigation.

Just as Xiao Yan was about to start, Mu Feng, who was beside him, also hurriedly waved his hand, as if I was coming.

"This..." Mu Feng also felt a little strange, so Mu Feng looked at Xiao Yan and found that Xiao Yan's eyes also had some meaning to be in a hurry, so he hurriedly moved.

"Yin-yang gossip, the law of heaven and earth!"

"Fayan, open!" Mu Feng's body was filled with a dark blue vindictive aura, and he also launched an offensive against the ground.

The black azure light covered the ground, without letting go of any trace, and swept the ground stubbornly.

"嘁偁嘁!" As Mu Feng's power erupted, there were some strange changes in the center of the basin!

"Puff puff!" Within a certain passage in the Nine Fish Opera Dragon Formation, Xiao Shou also spit out a mouthful of blood, and then said viciously, "Damn, they found out..."

"But it's too late, we still have the upper hand!"

"The Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation has opened the Five Fishes. After we get the Three Fishes, you will be powerless!"

"At that time, it is impossible for you to enter the Xuanling Emperor Pond!"

After Xiaoshou finished speaking, his eyes became solemn, and then his body filled with aura, as if he was engaged in a tense battle!

In front of Xiaoshou, there is a terrifying figure!

What's a little weird is that on the palms and soles of this illusory figure, the fingers and toes are connected by some weird things, and drop by drop of water keeps falling down from the figure...

"Humph!"

"I didn't expect these two brothers and sisters Xiaoshou and Dafa to be so ruthless!"

"It's fine if you don't tell us the secrets here, you actually hide this vital thing with a blindfold!" Mu Feng's voice with a bit of anger also appeared.

"Fortunately Xiao Yan knew, otherwise this time..." Mu Feng also said slowly, and then cast his eyes on the slowly appearing thing in front of him.

With the conspicuousness of Mu Feng's yin-yang gossip technique, some abnormalities appeared on the ground.

"Boom boom boom!" After Mu Feng covered the ground with black cyan vindictive energy, a large amount of white mist appeared in the center of the ground. With the appearance of the white mist, it seemed that there was something Things just surfaced.

"This is…"

"Nine Fish Playing with the Dragon Formation!" At the moment when the white mist dissipated, Xiao Yan was also surprised.

When Mu Yingying and Mu Feng heard the words, their eyes widened and they stared at the mysterious thing floating in the air in front of them.

Looking up, the first thing that catches the eye is a circular tray with several palms.

The tray is golden, revealing a noble atmosphere invisibly.

Looking along the round golden tray, it is a lifelike silver dragon!

The silver dragon is about several feet in size. On the dragon's body, the extremely dazzling silver dragon scales, coupled with the fierce and very realistic dragon claws and the imposing dragon tail, the fierce dragon's eyes reveal an invisible force. An extremely ferocious aura, a terrifying coercion also emanated from it.

"That's..." After Mu Yingying looked at the round golden tray, she also discovered something she had forgotten!

Around the silver dragon sitting on the round golden tray, there are many lifelike fish swimming slowly!

The fish was swimming quite briskly, like a living creature!

But the strange thing is that the fish's eyes were dull and dull, as if something was missing.

"One... Seven!"

"Seven fish..."

"It seems to be right." Xiao Yan also laughed.