Chapter Vol 4 907: 5 of the top 10 masters, urging death!

"A few brats who don't know how high the sky is." Dong Xuan said coldly as he looked at the four Lingmengsheng who were drowned and swallowed up by his own Douxian Wind Blade in mid-air.

After a short while, when the wave of the destroying wind blade gradually calmed down, Dong Xuan did not see any bones of the four of Lingmengsheng, so he couldn't help but frown tightly.

"Damn, if these four people just died like this, how can I go to King Xuanling to receive the reward?" Dong Xuan seemed to realize something, and then he swept his figure and went directly to the place where the four of Lingmengsheng disappeared just now. look for it.

"Hehe, it turns out that Lingmengsheng was planning to use that thing." At this moment, Zhu Jin, who was outside the ancient tree, saw the last moment, Lingmengsheng's strength was temporarily reached with the help of the power of the two old people in the world. At the half-immortal level, he immediately laughed.

That thing, but Ling Mengsheng's famous stunt, let alone Dong Xuan's strength in the early stage of one-star Dou Xian, I am afraid it is the current two-star Dou Xian strength of their Fenxiang Pavilion pavilion master Fen Tian. The way of dreaming.

"never mind."

"These four guys have completely fallen. I'm afraid King Xuanling will get the news soon. I'll go to investigate again." Dong Xuan searched for a while, but did not find any of the four of Lingmengsheng. Traces, and then gave up and said.

"Hey, Dong Xuan, are you in such a hurry to leave?" But just as Dong Xuan stopped his hand and was about to return to the top of the canopy of the ancient tree, a sound like a life-threatening and impermanent sound slowly sounded in the inner space of the ancient tree.

"who!"

"Get out!" A cold light flashed in Dong Xuan's eyes, and he immediately said vigilantly.

The inside of this ancient tree can already be called its own domain, but even so, there is no sense of the person who just spoke...

In this case, I am afraid that the person who just spoke will be stronger than himself!

A difference of one level between fighting immortals is enough to decide life and death.

"Haha, who else could it be?" As soon as he finished speaking, the voice he had just opened slowly appeared.

"Reimu Sheng?"

"You're not dead?" Dong Xuan saw the figure that appeared, and this figure was clearly the four people who had just completely fallen under his own fighting fairy wind blade. Why are the four people appearing now?

"die?"

"With your three-legged cat skills, do you want to kill us too?"

"Are you daydreaming?" Ling Mengsheng said slightly disdainfully.

"You!" When Dong Xuan heard the words, he was furious. This young man was the weakest among the four. If it wasn't for the existence of Reimu, I'm afraid Dong Xuan would kill him instantly!

"Your attack is really strong."

"But you don't know how powerful my death-inducing flames are." Ling Mengsheng said slowly.

After speaking, he gently raised his palm, and on the palm full of calluses, a small black and white flame was slowly beating.

A tiny flame is different from a flame, it is clearly not a flame, and through a special method, the energy flame condensed by the fusion of the power of life and death!

"This is……"

"Death-rushing flames?" The next moment, Dong Xuan's expression was so contemptuous that he was even full of fear!

Although Dong Xuan is not from the Xuanling Continent, he has been in the Xuanling Continent for many years, and he has a very good understanding of some of the things in the Xuanling Continent that make him dread.

In the three days of Xuan, there were many super sects, but Dong Xuan was too lazy to care about them, but among these super sects, there were ten powerful men with fierce reputations!

And what Dong Xuan said just now is the "death-killing flame", which is the fifth-ranked powerhouse's signature method among the top ten ruthless men!

"As soon as the flames of death come out, the soul is locked up!"

"It's Xuan Tiantian's summary of the fifth-ranked powerhouse among the top ten ruthless men!"

The Death-rushing Flame is not a strange fire, nor a holy flame, but a special kind of energy. Under certain conditions, it is said that this energy can completely ignore the defenses of human beings, thus achieving a one-hit kill!

This is also the origin of the death-rushing flame.

"Mengsheng still uses that thing." Outside the ancient tree, Xuan Muqing couldn't help but say.

Before Ling Mengsheng knew him, he was the fifth most vicious person among the top ten powerhouses in the entire Xuansan three days, but after knowing himself, Ling Mengsheng rarely killed people.

"As soon as the Death Flame comes out, I'm afraid Dong Xuan's good days will come to an end." Mu Xuzi also said.

Mu Xuzi knew very well that Lingmengsheng's death-inducing flames could make the entire Xuantian powerhouse fearful, because Lingmengsheng used this attack to kill a half-immortal powerhouse in the true sense!

At that time, the strength of Lingmengsheng had only just reached the nine-star Dou Emperor, but now, with the help of the other three, his strength has already reached the level of a half-immortal!

The death-inducing flames displayed at the half-immortal level, I am afraid that they have the power to fight against the real fighting immortals!

"Dong Xuan, how many wicked things have you done behind the scenes for the Xuanling royal family over the years?"

"Today, I will send you to hell!" In order to condense this attack, Ling Mengsheng used all his strength to use up.

"Don't be ashamed!" Although Dong Xuan was fearful in his heart, he did not show any fear, and said calmly.

"Let's die." Seeing this, Ling Mengsheng shrugged and smiled, and then the black and white flames the size of the eyes on the palm of his hand, instantly projected towards Dong Xuan!

"Boom!" Wherever the black and white flames went, the space collapsed, and even the spiritual energy of heaven and earth solidified instantly!

"Crappie!"

"Break it for this old man!" Dong Xuan's pupils were full of bloodshots, and then he raised his hands suddenly, and the dazzling power of fighting immortals formed a huge defense directly in front of his body, up to ten layers!

"Completely ignore defense?"

"How can it be……"

"The powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Di is just relying on other people's rumors."

"When I take your attack, you will be truly dead!" Dong Xuan seemed to be extremely distrustful of the rumors from the outside world. How could there be an attack that completely ignores defenses in this world.

"It's over." At the next moment, after the black and white flames in Lingmengsheng's hands were projected towards Dong Xuan, he lost all his power directly showing a free fall movement and falling down the ancient tree, and the corner of his mouth But he laughed.

"Squeak." Heiheyan was not in a hurry or slow, and slowly swept away at Dong Xuan, and Dong Xuan's defense seemed to be ineffective. Heiheyan directly ignored the defense, and through the defense, gently bumped into on Dong Xuan's chest.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the black and white flames directly penetrated Dong Xuan's chest, and at the same time, Dong Xuan spurted out a mouthful of blood, and then a sense of fear emerged in his expression, but at this time Dong Xuan was fighting all over his body. The power of the fairy is slowly disappearing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

One hit kill!

"How could it be possible..." Dong Xuan didn't know why he died until he died. His expression was full of disbelief, and then he swept directly under the ancient tree, losing his vitality rapidly.

On the seventh floor of the underground palace, Elder Xuan, who had been keeping his eyes tightly closed, suddenly opened his eyes slowly, and then said softly, "Dong Xuan..."

"died."

And with Elder Xuan's movement, the dark night ghost hidden in the dark suddenly became happy: "It seems that the people from Fenxiang Pavilion are indeed here."

"According to the plan." When Xuan Lao heard the words, he laughed directly, as if everything was already in his hands, but he didn't know that at this time, the Dragon Addiction Legion had been secretly dispatched by King Xuanling.

And on the seventh floor of the underground palace, the mysterious man who was bound by countless chains said helplessly: "Fen Tian, ​​you are throwing yourself into the net..."