Chapter 189: serious!

Xiao Yan also took a closer look, the true face of the black air mass in front of him was actually a wolf!

But the difference is that this wolf has a pair of very sharp, thick and long fangs, which are very conspicuous. The pair of fangs turned out to be red and black, very strange, as if they were inlaid, not like they were born.

At this time, the wolf shadow's eyes were full of horror, and when he saw it, he suddenly raised his head and roared angrily, and his body instantly turned into a cloud of black smoke.

Immediately afterwards, the black smoke disappeared instantly, and a figure suddenly flashed out, with both hands in the shape of claws, rushing towards Xiao Yan.

It was a man who seemed to be the same age as Xiao Yan, with a long and narrow face and a ferocious look on his face.

Xiao Yan immediately turned around and took the werewolf's attack at will. He saw a very powerful black light above the head of the werewolf who attacked him. Unfortunately, Xiao Yan's perception contained a very obvious evil aura in that black light.

Xiao Yan said with a sneer, "I didn't expect you to cultivate into a human form. You have been hiding your true strength before. It's really insidious..." Xiao Yan finished speaking, the ancient ruler of the eternal fire flashed in his hand, and shot the wolf shadow. .

The werewolf kept his human appearance and roared: "Human, I underestimated you before, but I never imagined that the flames on your body would be so powerful."

"However, since you now know my true face, then come on, I will fight with you!" The wolf's ferocious nature is unmistakable.

I saw a brilliance flashing in the werewolf's hand, and two foot-long wolf-tooth-shaped weapons, one red and one black, suddenly appeared in his hand.

The Werewolf was extremely fast, and when it moved, countless figures instantly transformed into the surroundings, surrounding Xiao Yan.

Because of the speed of the red and black light and shadow, it was already forming a continuous halo, trapping Xiao Yan inside.

Xiao Yan's face was calm, his feet swayed slightly, his hand was like a crimson flame, and he waved it nine times in a row.

Every time it is swung, the radiance of the ancient ruler of the different fire will become stronger.

After the nine swings were completed, an incomparably powerful force, sandwiched between the shattering ruler, slashed furiously, and swept toward the werewolf in an instant, as if it were about to open a mountain and crack a mountain.

With a loud bang, the entire cave shook. Xiao Yan's power is full of this foot, and the power of Fen Jue is also the volatile Lingli to the fullest.

With one foot shattered the werewolf's offensive, Xiao Yan relied on his powerful soul perception power to easily know the werewolf's moving trajectory, and then without waiting for the werewolf to appear, he appeared in front of it in an instant.

Xiao Yan had a sneer in his eyes, and his right hand slashed down like lightning a foot in the air.

This foot held Xiao Yan's milky white flame power, and the werewolf's head appeared instantly, leaving no chance for it to escape.

The werewolf is actually condensed from pure ghost energy, and since this is the wolf's lair, it is transformed into a wolf shape.

Moreover, this werewolf is condensed with extremely strong ghost qi after all, and the ghost qi is gloomy and strange, and Xiao Yan's strange fire is the most yang and strong, and it is extremely violent, so it is also the nemesis of the werewolf!

The werewolf was alerted to the approaching danger, his body suddenly fell down, and then quickly rotated in front of Xiao Yan.

With the rapid rotation of the werewolf, a black beam of light burst out instantly, meeting Xiao Yan's powerful slash.

The two powerful air currents collided in an instant, and immediately released a huge explosion that destroyed the sky and the earth. The surrounding stone walls were suddenly shaken to pieces, and the entire cave was crumbling. Fortunately, Xiao Yan controlled the strength, so the cave did not collapse.

Xiao Yan's body was covered with milky white flames, and all the rubble that flew into it was burned into nothingness.

As for Xiao Yan's soul power, he has been keeping an eye on the werewolf's movements and did not give it a chance to escape.

But Xiao Yan also found that the strength of this werewolf is at most equivalent to the peak of the three-star fighting emperor of humans, but he has been unable to kill it. It seems that as long as his attack is too strong, the werewolf will exude a gloomy ghost. , It was that ghostly aura that offset his own attack.

However, in this attack, Xiao Yan also used his soul power to deal with the werewolf, so at the moment of the explosion, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the aura of the werewolf was much weaker, and it seemed that it was severely damaged.

But this werewolf is also very tyrannical. Even a foot like this will not kill it, so Xiao Yan can't help but grin, this werewolf is really not easy.

The black light around the werewolf instantly dimmed, his body was also injured to varying degrees, and he had lost his strength to fight again.

The werewolf obviously didn't think about it, how could this human kid be so careless, and the ghost energy in his body was actually seen through.

This ghost qi was mutated by absorbing the blood of the strong Xuantiantian, so it can often offset some powerful attacks, but the werewolf's intelligence is obviously not as high as that of humans, obviously underestimating Xiao Yan's strength.

At this moment, the werewolf said a few words in his mouth, and then the space without a road in front of him opened a small door out of thin air. The werewolf turned into a trace of black gas, flew into the small door at full speed, and fled to the depths of the cave. disappeared without a trace.

It is very clear that it can't beat this human, so it is better to go first.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan was also suddenly enlightened. No wonder he felt a little strange when he was investigating. It turned out that he was blinded by the blindfold method. Then Xiao Yan placed a barrier on the bodies of Yueru and Mu Feng, and chased the fleeing werewolf. gone.

Xiao Yan's body turned around in an instant, only to see a milky white light flashing, and in a blink of an eye, there was no figure, just like a shooting star.

In the cave, Xiao Yan was also chasing the werewolf quickly. The werewolf had the aura left by Xiao Yan, so the werewolf could not escape.

The werewolf in front had already spotted Xiao Yan in the back at this time, and its aura suddenly disappeared.

Xiao Yan's expression changed slightly, and he said to himself, "How cunning a werewolf actually knows how to hide his aura, it's really not easy. It's a pity that I have already planted a soul imprint on you, so all this is In vain." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the huge soul force in the soul realm in his mind instantly poured out towards all directions in the cave, and soon noticed the aura of the werewolf, and then Xiao Yan also Speed ​​up and go straight ahead.

On the way of tracing, Xiao Yan realized that the cave was not deep enough, and there were so many forks around him that he couldn't tell which way he entered.

It's like an underground labyrinth, with countless tunnels criss-crossing, and it's hard to find out.

Because of the intricate underground passages, flying randomly is also very dangerous, so it is very difficult for Xiao Yan to chase the werewolf.

This point, Xiao Yan also deeply understood at this time, but he was not willing to give up easily, because Xiao Yan seemed to feel that there was something attractive in the depths of this cave.

After chasing for a long time, Xiao Yan didn't even pay attention to how far he had chased.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan stopped, the soul imprint on the werewolf seemed to give back to Xiao Yan, and the werewolf stopped somewhere!

Xiao Yan's figure moved and quickly chased after him.

After a while, Xiao Yan appeared in front of the werewolf. Looking at the dying werewolf on the ground, Xiao Yan said lightly, "I said long ago that you can't escape."

After speaking, he also looked around, and a very magnificent coffin appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"What a powerful breath..."

"What's in here..."

Ask for a recommendation ticket, ask for a ticket~