Chapter 358: Big Dipper 7 stars!

Xiao Yan also vigilantly probed the surroundings, and then slowly walked towards the depths of the forbidden area.

Every time Xiao Yan took a step, he could find that the space around him was opening up, and the smoke that blocked his vision was slowly dissipating.

It's just that a faint wave of terror spreads from all directions.

"Cough, cough..." The more he walked towards the core area, Xiao Yan also found that the mysterious force suppressed him very uncomfortable, as if his soul trembled and his footsteps slowed down.

"No, with such a terrifying pressure, there might be something mysterious inside..." Xiao Yan also muttered.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just when Xiao Yan hesitated, a golden streak of power instantly covered Xiao Yan's body.

Xiao Yan took a closer look and saw that it was the power of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"Let's go, this is just a little trick." The Golden Dragon King said without caring at all.

Xiao Yan heard that, since the matter was resolved, he had no choice but to shake his head and continue the walk.

After all, the Golden Dragon King of his master would say so, and it is also at its height. After all, a figure at the peak of fighting immortals can't see these things, even if the Golden Dragon King of his master is only a soul body, he is proud of himself. It was also not at all worried about what was going on in this forbidden area.

Xiao Yan also didn't have time to think, so he hurriedly followed.

It is strange to say that since the golden power of his master, the Golden Dragon King, poured into Xiao Yan's body, the peculiar suppression disappeared without a trace.

"The arrangement of these seven rivers seems a bit complicated..." Xiao Yan walked, his eyes never leaving the seven river passages, and then he said slowly.

"This……"

"Could it be the arrangement of the Big Dipper?" The Golden Dragon King's doubtful voice also slowly echoed in Xiao Yan's ears.

"The Big Dipper?" Xiao Yan pondered a little, because even if his master, the Golden Dragon King, didn't say anything, Xiao Yan could find that the seven rivers were really messy at first, but as they went deeper and deeper into the core area, Xiao Yan could also find that the river channels flowing out of these seven rivers seemed to slowly converge into a very strange thing.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With his keen perception, Xiao Yan also felt a wave of destruction.

"I never imagined that there would be an array of the Big Dipper here..." The Golden Dragon King's voice also said slowly.

"The Big Dipper..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself, and then walked slowly without waiting for his master, the Golden Dragon King, to speak.

"Hey, there's no way..." Xiao Yan only walked a few steps, but also found that there was no way ahead, and some things just appeared out of thin air!

Xiao Yan was also extremely depressed. He just saw that there is a way here, why is there no way to come here at this time?

"Oh, it's normal."

"Look at what's under your feet?" The Golden Dragon King was not surprised at all, and then said slowly.

"At your feet?" Xiao Yan suddenly lowered his head upon hearing this.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's dark brown pupils also showed a hint of doubt.

Because at this time, several extremely conspicuous columns appeared under Xiao Yan's feet!

"One, two... seven!"

"What the **** is this!" Xiao Yan suddenly opened his eyes and said.

"Don't worry, this is just a very simple means of defense."

"The Big Dipper, even in ancient times, appeared very limited in number."

"But every time the Big Dipper appears, it means that there are treasures here!"

"But if you want to crack the Big Dipper and enter the place behind you, if there is no outstanding talent or someone who knows how to crack the Big Dipper, then there is only one consequence!"

"The Big Dipper's repulsion was rashly triggered, thereby activating the guardian power of the Big Dipper."

"This Big Dipper contains the power of stars, so even a powerhouse at the level of an eight-star Dou Di can't afford to walk around in this Big Dipper!" The Golden Dragon King also narrowed his eyes and slowly stared at the lined up in the Seven pillars of light on the earth!

The seven beams of light are arranged like the Big Dipper, but the strange thing is that there are no roads here, and there is a slightly weaker water flowing under the seven beams of light.

The water flowed out slowly, and it had the scale Xiao Yan had seen before!

You must know that the passage that Xiao Yan saw at the entrance of the stone tablet in the forbidden area was the size of an arm, and under the seven beams of light in front of him, the water flow was so weak that the naked eye could not detect it, but thanks to Xiao Yan's huge soul Power, so it did not escape Xiao Yan's eyes.

The river outside is the size of an arm. Compared with the one in front of it, it is obviously not on the same level!

The river water outside is more like it has been diluted, and the river water that is only the size of a needle under the seven beams of light in front of Xiao Yan also contains extremely pure power!

Moreover, Xiao Yan knew that if he could be called a treasure by his master Jinlong King, who had always been a master and a master, then the things in the core area of ​​the forbidden area probably had enough weight!

"The arrangement of the Big Dipper, even my understanding of it is only limited to books..."

"But..." The Golden Dragon King also squatted down and looked at the seven beams of light before slowly opening his mouth.

"But it seems that this thing is not difficult." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

The next moment, the Golden Dragon King's voice had just finished speaking, and his palm was also facing one of the seven beams of light!

"Boom boom boom!" The Golden Dragon King picked up one of the seven beams of light and moved it to another place!

"Boom boom boom!" When the Golden Dragon King just moved the beam of light away, in front of Xiao Yan, an abyss-like passage was suddenly torn apart!

"Snort..." Xiao Yan also swallowed a mouthful of saliva with difficulty, and then stared at his master, the Golden Dragon King, and there was clearly a very worried look in his eyes!

"Don't worry, the arrangement of the Big Dipper, although I have only seen it in books, but I also saw Tuosha cast it back then, so I have long kept this arrangement in my heart." The Golden Dragon King Also laughed.

"En." Up to now, Xiao Yan can only pin his last hope on his master, the Golden Dragon King.

He also muttered to himself: "Master, I hope you don't trick me..."

"Shabu Shabu!" Another beam of light moved, and the next moment, the space in front of him also heated up violently, obviously this time it was a flame!

"Shabu Shabu!" Immediately after, a beam of light was moved, and in the next breath, the space was filled with a tempting smell. If you were unsteady, you might be lost by this smell. Own……

"A few minutes have passed, and the Golden Dragon King also seems to have finished ranking the 9th position of the Big Dipper."

The next moment, the Golden Dragon King also slowly pumped up the golden vindictive energy all over his body, and then shouted loudly, "If you don't open it at this time, when will you wait!"

Ask for tickets!