Chapter Vol 4 2120: The Servant of Heaven, the Golden Wheel Titan

In the distance of the medicine world, a ray of golden afterglow slowly rises like the rising sun, and the silent and ancient fluctuations spread out!

The entire pharmaceutical industry is facing an unprecedented rout, and even the red-clothed archbishop, the terrorist attack that broke out from Lacey, was easily dissipated under this mysterious shock, and could not inspire any waves!

"Titans!!!"

After a while, Lacey's deep eyes looked into the distance, but after taking a breath, he slowly uttered four extremely strange words, and his voice was full of doubts.

Looking around, a giant body with a height of 100 meters is walking slowly and steadily from the edge of the medicine world!

He is just like a human, with four limbs, body, and mind, but that physique, and the mysterious power that comes one after another on top of his body, makes his aura superior to everyone here!

Why does a giant creature like the Titan appear in the medicine family?

Moreover, the medicine world has been completely imprisoned by the dimensional prism, and it is impossible to enter here from the outside world.

So far, there is only one possibility.

This guy himself is the work of the medicine family.

"Titan?"

When the demon Xiao Yan heard the words, he immediately thought of something, and he also looked at the golden morning sun that was gradually approaching in the distance.

"It's really unexpected. I didn't expect that your Yao family would defy our Holy See's ban and raise these magical beasts that could endanger human life without authorization."

With a wave of Lacey's hand, a radiance of light appeared all over his body, and then it completely turned into a curtain of light and fell, looking at Yao Wan with a fiery gaze.

"Patriarch, this guy doesn't seem right..."

"This is clearly not a Titan giant?"

Although some high-level medicine clan leaders knew it, they looked at the huge black shadow that was getting closer and closer in the distance, but they were puzzled.

The Titan giants are indeed the beasts raised by their medicine family, but there has never been such a mysterious creature as high as a hundred feet in size?

Although this kind of creature is similar to the Titans, it is several times more tyrannical than the Titans!

"The golden light pattern, like the scorching sun of the rising sun, radiates endless afterglow... Titan giant!"

"This... is this the overlord among the Titans?"

"Golden Wheel Titan?"

Yao Wanwan's eyes changed from fear at the beginning to the fiery madness now, his body trembled, and his old eyes exuded endless fanaticism!

"Gold...Golden Wheel Titan?"

Hearing the words, the senior members of the Yao family murmured to themselves, and an indescribable excitement emerged.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

Countless people withdrew their gazes from the red-clothed archbishop and slowly stared at the golden morning sun in the distance.

The golden brilliance was indeed a rising sun at first, but after a slow change, it turned into a scorching sun, like a golden sea of ​​wheels floating behind the head of a giant Titan, carrying a terrifying aura, slowly turning away from the medicine. The edge of the world is coming!

With the appearance of this scene, the entire sky became shattered for some unknown reason, and even those rare heaven and earth energies were radiating a touch of vitality.

The scorching golden sun is like a **** descending to look down on all beings, and the golden breath is so prosperous that countless people cannot open their eyes.

"Big brother."

A light voice slowly emerged from the golden scorching sun.

It was a boy's voice, and it sounded a little familiar!

"The medicine stone returns?"

The demon Xiao Yan couldn't help but murmured.

"Big brother, it's me."

"I've recovered, leave it to me next."

The little boy's voice sounded, and suddenly the golden scorching sun was completely annihilated, and a pair of sky-high giants completely appeared in the eyes of the world!

Yao Shigui stood on the shoulders of the giant Titan, and even his breath had undergone extreme changes, and an abyss-like weak soul shadow loomed behind his body!

That is the power of the Holy Spirit!

"This, this, this!"

"Really the Golden Wheel Titan?"

"This is a powerful monster that is comparable to the reincarnation level, and the Yao family is really crouching tiger, hiding dragon..."

Some powerful minds could not help but said with trembling voices.

"Heaven's Servant, the Golden Wheel Titan!!!"

"This is our medicine family's trump card to guard against your Holy See!"

In an instant, Yao Wan roared with great excitement.

"Big guy, let's go!"

"This red-clothed archbishop Lacey was also one of the accomplices who caused Daddy's death back then."

Yao Shigui sat gently on the shoulders of the Golden Wheel Titan giant, lowered his head slightly and spoke to his ear.

"Hoohoho!"

The originally calm Golden Wheel Titan giant was said by Yaoshigui, the huge giant's eyes were fixed on Lacey, an indescribable oppression swept out, and even the golden wheel sea behind the giant burst out. An unruly violent suffocation!

The golden wheel titan giant, the servant of the sky, the representative of power, although it looks like a human being, but it is a kind of monster. Its strength is probably in addition to the nine dragon kings in the dragon family, and there are very few monsters that can confront it head-on!

"Since you insist on doing this, you can only be completely obliterated here."

Lacey is not surprised, even with the shot of the Golden Wheel Titan, he is confident enough to settle here!

The strength of the golden wheel titan is almost the same as that of human beings in the first reincarnation rank. No matter how tyrannical the strength is, it cannot be compared with his Holy See red-clothed archbishop Lacey!

Not to mention that he has angel wings!

Three 1st Reincarnation Rank, oneself is enough to fight!

"Boom!"

The Golden Wheel Titan suddenly raised his palm, almost layers of ancient and mysterious rock patterns on the palm, and suddenly blasted towards Lacey.

"Pfft!"

He clenched his fist and slammed it hard, and suddenly a lawless golden sun was formed, rising from the ground, carrying a terrifying force that ripped apart the world and roared towards Lacey!

The golden sun contains the special power of the golden-wheeled titan giant. With just such a blow, even an ordinary reincarnation powerhouse will probably fall down completely!

"It's really been a long time that I haven't been so excited."

"Hunt!"

"Angel Wings!!!"

At this moment, Lacey also felt the golden sun released by the Golden Wheel Titan. The power contained was too tyrannical. Behind the body, the wings of a four-winged angel appeared lightly, and a round of supreme aura surpassed the Titan giant. come!

At this moment, the world is silent, and it seems that even the world has become dim, because they are afraid of the terrifying power of this price!

"Four-winged purple angel wings?"

Demon Xiao Yan's pupils shrank violently, and he said in disbelief.

Lacey's strength should be at the first reincarnation rank, but with the increase of Angel's Wings, he temporarily broke through to the second reincarnation rank, and his combat power has achieved a qualitative leap!

Don't underestimate the gap between the mere first reincarnation.

A first-level reincarnation is enough to easily deal with dozens of powerhouses who are just entering the reincarnation stage!

With the blessing of four purple angel wings, Lacey is enough to deal with Xun'er, Yao Wan and the Golden Wheel Titan at the same time!

"It just so happens that my Holy See Holy City lacks a decent guardian, and today the Japanese sect is here to hunt you down!"

Blessed by four purple angel wings Lacey's whole person looks bright, and even the aura above her body has become extremely unreal, like a monarch who is arrogant and arrogant!

"Boom!"

The four purple angel wings fanned, and a dimensional storm was also formed in front of Lacey. After a while, the dimensional storm and the golden sun violently touched, triggering countless energy ripples.

For a time, the medicine world of Noda was turned upside down by the power of the two.

"It doesn't work like this."

The demon Xiao Yan got a little chance to breathe, but looking at the four angelic purple wings on Lacey's body, he also understood!

The servants of the heavens like the Golden Wheel Titan giant cannot completely defeat him!

The Holy See Cardinal Lacey, the four angelic purple wings are too terrifying!

For a time, Xiao Yan's heart, a bold move suddenly emerged!

txt download address:

phone-reading: