Chapter Vol 4 2203: Cultivation and battle posts!

The war between the western tribe and the southern tribe has come to an end.

After nearly a month of rest, the southern tribe was fully recovered. On the other hand, after the western tribe returned, there was no action. As for Aisha and others, they were imprisoned in the southern tribe.

The southern tribal elves reside, in a forest log house, it is quite clean and tidy, and there is a faint fragrance.

"It's all done?"

Seeing Xiao Yi and Lina walking in with each other's arms, Xiao Yan joked, but Xiao Yan couldn't help but cast a glance at Lina, the princess of the Fire Elf royal family.

Today, she is completely different from the time of the battle. She has put on a water mist lingering dress, a green herbal skirt, and a green gauze. The faint fragrance permeates the air.

Her muscles are thick and fat, like a secluded orchid, she is charming and boneless, and she is indeed the princess of the Fire Elf clan. Whether it is her temperament or the mysterious power on her body, she is awe-inspiring.

"Well, it's all over for now."

Xiao Yi showed a long-lost smile. All the major issues of the southern tribes have been dealt with these days, but she has shrunk here with peace of mind, waiting for further actions.

"Lina has met second brother Xiao Yan."

Lina bent down slightly, and was extremely polite to Xiao Yan, but she followed Xiao Yi from beginning to end and was extremely clingy.

"Tell me about the current situation, it seems that the southern tribe is not too optimistic."

Xiao Yan ignored the pair for the time being, but asked about the business.

"Lina is one of the branches of the royal family among the fire elves. It is because of her support that I can form the southern tribe to fight against the other two princesses."

"Although the southern tribe is on the decline, it is fortunate that the distribution of power is even, and it can also compete with the other two tribes. Unfortunately, this time it was designed by Alice to disperse the power of our southern tribe. ."

When Xiao Yi recalled it now, she was still frightened.

"What's the matter with your holy flame embryo and reincarnation seal?"

"And the power of your purple flame should not be underestimated."

Xiao Yan nodded and continued to ask.

"The embryo of the holy flame will become a new holy flame in the future. As for the power and ranking, I don't know if I don't step into the reincarnation, but according to my estimation, the power of the new holy flame should be 20 on the holy flame list. Wandering around."

"As for the Reincarnation Seal and the purple flame, they are actually related to the fire elves."

"Because among the fire elves, there is a precious holy flame with a long tradition."

Xiao Yi explained bluntly, but when she said the word "Holy Flame" in the fire elves family, her expression was extremely strange.

"Oh?"

"There is actually an inheritance holy flame in the fire elves family?"

Xiao Yan was still extremely shocked by this.

"Because of the seal of reincarnation, I can barely use some of the power of the holy flame, but for nearly thousands of years, no one has been able to conquer the holy flame. The Fire Elf headquarters claims to be the case, but I think there is another mystery."

"I suspect there is something wrong with this holy flame..."

Xiao Yi spoke out her thoughts.

"something wrong?"

Lina was surprised by this whereabouts. Now, what Xiao Yi said, but she never mentioned it to herself?

"I can't tell you exactly. In short, from the feedback I received from the Seal of Samsara, I'm afraid there are some unknown secrets in this holy flame."

"According to my guess, it should be the elders in the Fire Elf headquarters who said this in order to hide people's eyes and ears."

Xiao Yi said in a deep voice, obviously this is the first time that she has said such a thing. In the past, these words were never even mentioned by Lina.

"But didn't you say the same to the other elders in the tribe?"

A rare surprise appeared on Lina's elegant face, as if she was a little confused by Xiao Yi's words.

"In the tribe, there will inevitably be some unknown identities. I did this to protect our last strength."

Xiao Yi said bitterly.

"Well, I will pay attention to this matter. By the way, in addition to the western tribe Alice who needs to be vigilant, there seems to be another tribe. Why hasn't there been any movement recently?"

Xiao Yan looked at Xiao Yi and asked, this question is also the top priority right now.

The situation of the three major tribes of the contenders is not optimistic. Once they take a wrong step, they may be in hell.

"East falls, Princess Qianqin."

"Our southern tribe is the weakest among the three major tribes, one is a first-tier, one is a reincarnation, and there are not a few others who touch reincarnation and eight-star fighting immortals."

"However, among the other two tribes, although there is only one first-tier elder, there are several reincarnation powerhouses, and the two princesses are also first-tier reincarnation, but this Qianqin princess is indulging in her own chess game all day long. In the way of calligraphy and painting, it seems that there is no intention to compete."

Xiao Yi shook her head and said with complicated eyes.

"Dong, dong, dong!"

"My lord, a elf letter sent by the two tribes of the western tribe and the eastern tribe."

"Please take a look."

At the same time, an elf warrior knocked on the door, handed Lina a beautiful envelope, and left immediately.

"Three days later, it will be co-organized by the Fire Elf headquarters, and a candidate competition will be held at the Elf altar."

"Our three major tribes can each send three strong people to participate. Once any of the three of them loses, they will lose the right to fight."

"The competition is a one-on-one wheel battle. The winner can then deal with the next opponent, the loser is out, until all the three sides lose, and the last winner will become the next leader of the fire elves."

In the short text, it revealed a heavy depression.

"What a clever method."

After the three of them read the contents of the envelope together, they muttered.

"In our tribe, there is only one and only one-level reincarnation-level elder. Although his strength and experience are not comparable to those of the other two tribes, he is the last of our tribe."

Xiao Yi said, her face was extremely ugly, this kind of thing was probably intentional by the other two tribes.

"What about the exact strength of the other two tribes?"

"Each tribe sends three people If they have the strength of the double reincarnation rank or above, it will be troublesome."

Xiao Yan nodded, but he knew the terrifying gap between the 1st and 2nd tiers. If he is now, the limit is probably only the 1st tier of reincarnation.

"There won't be a second-order rank. The powers of the three major tribes are all formed by us. Like this kind of powerhouse above the second-order rank, there should only be the Fire Elf headquarters."

Xiao Yi explained.

"If that's the case, it'll be fine."

"Our southern tribe, just you and me and the first-level reincarnation elder."

"But I think this competition is probably just for you and me."

Xiao Yan shrugged, but did not have any fear, and the thick wariness filled his eyes.

"alright, alright."

"You haven't contacted me for so many years since you left. If it wasn't for Jiuxin to make an assertion this time, I'm afraid I still don't know your plight."

"Bring the wine, you must punish yourself three times today."

"..."

The two brothers are not going to get drunk again today, and they have a different kind of leisurely mood. Of course, this is probably just a harbinger of the storm.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: