Chapter Vol 4 1009: In the silence of the fire lotus

"This guy..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something when he looked at Tian Cang who was severely injured by himself.

With his superhuman perception, Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that although the attack he just hit was on point, it also happened to completely wipe out all the vitality of Tiancang, and it could be regarded as helping the evil race from outside the realm to completely occupy Tiancang's body. .

"Hahaha!"

"Human boy, I would like to thank you this time!" After a while, an unusually dazzling evil force suddenly appeared in the entire sky, and it even caused a slight vibration in the space between the blood rivers.

"Damn." And Xiao Yan looked at the evil phantom in front of him, and couldn't help but say.

"The human body is really wonderful."

"I used to occupy this body, because of the existence of human consciousness and soul, I was blocked everywhere."

"But it's different now."

"As the second messenger of the four messengers of the Gorefiends, I declare that you can die!" The next moment, Cang Xianmu's wound healed directly, and then a demonic tone appeared. come out.

"What an evil guy." And Mu Yingying, who was below, also found out what happened to Tiancang, and couldn't help but say.

"Looking at this, I am afraid that the current sky has been completely replaced by the evil clan from outside the territory." And Yan Chi also spoke.

"Brother, I'm going to help." Wei Wei said, and regardless of how her brother blocked her, she flew directly to where Xiao Yan was.

"Alas, the women's college didn't stay." Yan Chi looked at Mu Yingying like this, couldn't help rolling his eyes and said.

"The second strongest among the four envoys of the Gorefiend, Er Duo Shengyan, I am afraid that you are also unable to escape today." Yan Chi said slightly in his heart.

"Old Yan, will they be okay?" Mu Tianyuan, the elder brother on the side, looked at the extremely evil Tiancang and couldn't help asking.

"Don't worry, both of them have the power of holy flame. Although time is too weak to exert all the power of holy flame to achieve the ability to suppress and obliterate the evil races outside the territory, the two holy flames want to obliterate the evil spirits on Tiancang's body. The power of the alien race is still not a problem." Yan Chi said with a smile.

"Crash!"

"Suffer to death!" Just after taking control of Tian Cang's body, a ferocious giant black hand suddenly appeared behind the evil figure.

On the ferocious black giant hand, countless obscure evil runes slowly appeared, making people know at a glance that it was extraordinary.

"My good fellow, this extraterritorial evil clan actually knows the seconds of runes, it's not easy." At this time, the soul-devouring talisman hidden in Xiao Yan's body also gently exclaimed.

"Senior, how should I deal with this thing?" Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, because he knew by perception that because of the mysterious evil rune on the evil giant in front of him, even his own holy flame Can't handle it.

"Hey, if your strength reaches the Nine Star Dou Emperor, it is enough to fully display the power of holy flame, and this level of evil power is naturally not a problem, but your strength is still weak now, even if you have holy flame, you want to deal with this. This level of evil power is too exhausting."

"But... it's not impossible." At the end of the sentence, Soul Eater actually laughed.

"What can be done?" Xiao Yan asked urgently.

"fire."

"Fire conquers all things. If you can condense a strong enough flame, this evil force will be completely wiped out under that terrifying destructive power and high temperature..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But at this level of flame, even if you use the holy flame fusion on that little girl, I'm afraid you won't be able to reach it temporarily." Soul Eater said slightly.

"What's the fire..." Xiao Yan murmured.

"As long as it's fire?" Xiao Yan stared at the black giant hand that was constantly exuding evil aura, and couldn't help but asked the Soul Eater Talisman.

"That's right."

"Even if it's not holy flame, as long as it's strong enough or enough, it can still kill him." Soul Eater Talisman said.

"In that case..."

"Different Fire Plaza...fire is coming!" In the next moment, a huge object floated directly out, tightly surrounding Xiao Yan and Tian Cang in the sky.

"What is this?" Seeing Xiao Yan suddenly make such a scene, Evil Tiancang was also at a loss, but he was still brewing his own offensive. He knew that once his attack condensed, let alone mere A Xiao Yan, I am afraid that even the seven people in the Heavenly Palace can be wiped out.

"Return of the fire!"

"Yihuo Heng, the ancient ruler returns!" And after Xiao Yan summoned the Yihuo Square, he didn't sit still and continued to send a huge amount of Dou Qi to the Yihuo Square.

And as Xiao Yan's voice just fell, suddenly, in Xiao Yan's body, different colors of different fires suddenly separated and burst out, and then returned to their respective positions on the stone pillars above the square of different fires!

And above that first place, is the location of the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire!

However, there are not twenty-two kinds of different fires now, but one kind was obtained in the Xuanling Continent, and it became twenty-three kinds.

Twenty-three different colors of different fires with different powers, according to the ranking, slowly stood on the stone pillars in the square of different fires, not long after, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, a domineering atmosphere of the supreme fire, suddenly appeared.

"Give it to me!" When Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the twenty-three kinds of different fires of different colors suddenly moved rapidly, and then scrambled to gather together!

"Boom boom boom!" Even though Xiao Yan had tried to fuse so many different fires before, with the increase in strength, there was still some resistance when it came to fusion.

"This guy... is really a lunatic." The Soul Eater Talisman couldn't help but be shocked when he smelled Xiao Yan's huge handwriting, because he knew that so many flames, although not as much as The holy flame, but it is also an extraordinary flame. The power of such a huge flame fused together is probably something that can be learned from the world.

"Xiao Yan..." When Mu Yingying, who was about to help Xiao Yan just now, saw this scene, she couldn't help but become surprised!

"It's mystifying!"

"Gore Demon Hand, Sitian!" At the next moment, the attack of the evil sky was finally condensed, and it whistled directly at the sky, and then an evil aura up to a hundred meters in size wrapped the evil giant hand and suddenly faced Xiao Yan. attacked.

"Die." Looking at Xiao Yan who was indifferent in the face of such a tyrannical attack, Tian Cang smiled evilly.

However, before his smile faded, he saw that Xiao Yan suddenly laughed, and said directly with a domineering arrogance of a ruler leading the world.

"It's been a long time since I used the fusion of different fires."

"Silent fire lotus, with your pride... bloom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and suddenly there was a beautiful lotus seed engraved with these twenty-three colors on the palm of his hand.

This lotus seed just appeared, and the whole space suddenly became restless, and bursts of destructive superpower radiated from it.

The twenty-three-color lotus seeds silently crossed the space, and then gently collided with the giant hand of the evil heaven, the sky exploded and suddenly emerged.

At the same time, the evil Tiancang's face that was full of smiles was finally replaced by a heavy touch!

: . :