Chapter Vol 4 1430: calm!

"hateful……"

"Where did Yan'er go?"

"After I woke up, the treasure map disappeared... and it seems that a man named Xiao Yan has also disappeared from the Thunder Valley camp. The timing of the two disappearances is too coincidental... I hope Yan'er is okay. …”

"Otherwise, whether you are Xiao Yan or someone else, I will definitely not let you go!" At this moment, a young woman with beautiful eyes flashed on the cliff, and she said solemnly.

Since the toxins in his body have been eliminated, he has been traced here through the clues left by Yuan Yan.

"vine?"

"Yan'er won't go down, right?" The next moment Qian Ying walked around, but found that on the cliff, caves emerged, and even on the cliff side, a huge vine was extremely conspicuous, and it was obvious that someone had climbed it. trace.

"Looking at this, I'm afraid that Xiao Yan forced Yan'er to steal the treasure map. When I catch you, I will kill you!" For some reason, Qian Ying thought so in her heart, and immediately uttered a violent voice. Murderous aura suddenly emerged, and then the shadow slowly wriggled, ready to go along the vine.

"Big brother... Your food is so delicious, do you have any more?" After a while, a delicate female voice slowly emerged from below the edge of the cliff.

"Yan'er?" When Qian Ying heard the words, she was shocked and quickly hid.

"This is an elixir to restore vindictiveness... You must have never eaten it, right?" Xiao Yan took Yuan Yan and climbed up the vines. On the other hand, Yuan Yan was directly behind Xiao Yan's back. Several quite delicate jade bottles appeared, and among the bottles were some medicinal pills that could restore vindictiveness at the second-rank emperor rank.

"I have not tried."

"Sisters and the others said that we can't rely on external forces to cultivate formations, so they won't give them to me..." Yuan Yan pouted slightly dissatisfied, and then tossed out a few medicinal pills, and chewed it in the mouth. .

"Delicious...hehe."

"..."

A few minutes later, the two also returned to the cliff.

"It's already noon, it seems that the two of us have been away for more than a day." Xiao Yan put Yuan Yan down, and then looked at the scorching sun in the sky and said.

"asshole!"

"Don't move!" At the next moment, a figure, like a thunderbolt, came directly to Yuan Yan's side, guarded her firmly, and then stared at Xiao Yan fiercely.

"The late Sanxing Dou Xian...a bit strong." Xiao Yan naturally recognized this woman at a glance. This woman was Yuan Yan's sister, the woman who was seriously injured and unconscious.

"elder sister!"

"you're awake!"

"That's great!" Looking at the beautiful figure in front of her, Yuan Yan's little face burst into ecstasy, and then she hurriedly muttered, ignoring the little mouth that was stuffed with medicinal pills.

"I'm not telling you not to eat whatever other people give you, what if it's poison?" Qian Ying stared at Yuan Yan with a serious face and scolded, but her beautiful eyes were full of tenderness. Obviously, this sister is very special on weekdays. Love Yuan Yan.

"Hey...no...no poison."

"Xiao...Xiao Yan...Brother...is...a good person!" Even if Qian Ying said so, Yuan Yan's small mouth was chewing on the medicinal pill and said intermittently.

"Okay."

"I'm done eating!"

"Brother Xiao Yan, this is my sister."

"Yuan Hong, elder sister is the strength of the late Samsung Dou Xian. She is very powerful." Yuan Yan grabbed Qian Ying and turned her head to Xiao Yan rather coquettishly.

"Sister, this is brother Xiao Yan."

"The poison on my sister's body was solved by brother Xiao Yan." Zaidu made a face at Xiao Yan, and then smiled at Qianying.

"Yuanhong would like to thank the young master here. It's getting late, so let's go back to the camp as soon as possible, otherwise our forces will be in a hurry."

"Let's go, let's go back first." Qian Ying politely said to Xiao Yan.

"This guy... is really a girl-protecting madman."

"Although Yuan Yan does have something amazing, I'm not like that kind of liar." Seeing Qian Ying's vigilant words, and then returning with Yuan Yan, Xiao Yan muttered a few words. , also heading towards the camp.

"Why hasn't Big Brother Xiao Yan come back..." In the Thunder Valley camp, a group of tyrants gathered here, obviously extremely worried.

"Nothing in the north..." The two sisters Yu Ran Ran volunteered to go to the north to look for it, but found nothing.

"Neither in the south..." Duan Qifei and Liu Qing also shook their heads.

"Neither in the west..." Yun Qi and Mu Ge also said.

"This guy is really worrying." Duan Tianhong said helplessly. Just as he wanted to get up and go out, a figure rushed back quickly.

"Sorry...for keeping everyone waiting."

"I was trapped by a soul beast last night and lost my way." Xiao Yan rushed into the camp and said apologetically.

"Just come back."

"Get ready, the fog has dissipated, and now is the best chance to enter the mountains." After Duan Tianhong finished speaking, he also left the tent.

"Hehe, Xiao Yanzhong, you are truly blessed." Mu Ge on the side couldn't help but squeezed towards Xiao Yan and said enviously.

"What?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"During the time you were missing, the sisters of the Yu family, Duo Qifei and Liu Qing, were all anxious..."

"Ask what you can ask for in life, if only I had a little bit of luck with you." Mu Ge said with envy.

"Hum!" And all of a sudden, four vicious eyes stared at Mu Ge, Mu Ge felt that something was wrong and had to escape from here.

"Xiao Yan, don't leave most of them alone in the future. The Tianming Mountains are extremely dangerous."

"You are the backbone of our Dongzhou now, so nothing can happen." Duan Qifei said slowly.

"Yep."

"Let's go, it's time to head towards the depths of the Tianming Mountains. I hope to break through the assessment soon and enter the Tianming Mountain Villa." As soon as the voice fell, the five people slowly packed up some things they carried with them, and then Lei Gu and Yuan The people of Zong also moved forward together.

"Hey-hey……"

"Brother Xiao Yan The second team had just moved on the mountain trail when Yuan Yan suddenly appeared out of nowhere and came directly to Xiao Yan's side, smiling.

"No... save some food, or I will be poor by you." Seeing this, Xiao Yan threw it away, and suddenly several bottles of medicinal herbs were flickering.

Xiao Yan did this because of painstaking efforts, because Xiao Yan's huge soul power found that Yuan Yan had never taken medicinal pills, and taking medicinal pills at this time actually caused some changes in her body, and those changes had a profound effect on her body. Great benefit.

"This Xiao Yan... is really a man who messes with flowers, even at a young age..."

"Alas." Aware of Xiao Yan and Yuan Yan's actions, Lei Gu's male disciples also cast envious glances.

And as everyone headed towards the heights of the Tianming Mountains, danger also followed.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!