Chapter Vol 4 853: Fighting soul, undead ghost

"Strange, the road ahead seems to be blocked by something." Hua Le was at the forefront of the team and said immediately.

"What's the situation?" Song Yue and his group called out from behind when they saw the movement that stopped in front of them.

The passage they are in now is not big, it is crooked, but it is longer than it is, so it can undoubtedly accommodate hundreds of people.

"There is a seal ahead." At this time, Meng Fei suddenly stepped forward, looked carefully for a while, and said.

"Seal?"

"Why is there a seal in this place?" Feng Hong frowned upon hearing this.

However, everyone could clearly feel that there was indeed something blocking the way forward.

"This seal doesn't look like it's sealing anything, but it looks like it's blocking the entrance." After a while, Meng Fei spoke up.

As for the seal in front of him, there is no trace or color to be found, but it has an extremely powerful confinement ability.

With his powerful soul power, Meng Fei naturally discovered something that others couldn't.

"Can it be broken?" At this time, Gunny also stepped forward slightly, intuitively telling him that there should be something here, and immediately opened his mouth.

"It should be possible to gather our common strength."

"The power of this seal is not very strong." Meng Fei thought for a while, and then spoke.

"What are these guys doing..." Xiu Qi and Wu Du took the lead and said immediately.

Without Xiao Yan, it was obvious that the three super sects at this time were dominated by the second daughter. After all, the two daughters had outstanding strength.

"You two came just in time, help me." Meng Fei looked at the two daughters and said immediately.

The strength of this Xiuqi and the five poisons should not be underestimated.

"do not."

"We don't know what your heart is."

"Let's go." After Xiu Qi finished speaking, he and Wudu Zaidu returned to the back of the team.

"Two sons of a bitch." Meng Fei saw that the second daughter had no intention of helping, and knew that she had a certain relationship with Xiao Yan.

"Go!"

"Others backed up." Meng Fei noticed in his heart, and then spoke directly to the crowd. As for Xiuqiwupo and his party, he didn't bother to pay attention to it, after all, others also ignored him.

As soon as the voice fell, a dazzling energy of life emerged from the hands of a seven-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse, attacking the heavy and terrifying seal in front of him.

"How did we go?" Wu Du asked Xiu Qi a little differently when he faced Xiu Qi.

"I don't know what's behind this seal, but it makes me feel scared. It shouldn't be a good thing, we should be careful." Xiu Qi said to the five poisons.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"There seems to be something in here." At this time, Xingtaki glanced slightly, but saw a very faint feather at the door of the seal.

It's extremely dark, if you don't observe carefully, you will definitely not be able to find it, but Hoshitaki is also a person in the valley of astrology, so she naturally found it.

With a slight lift of the palm of his hand, a slight suction force immediately moved towards the thing, and then the feather silently fell directly into Hoshitaki's hand.

"This is..." The feathers are gray, with warm waves on them, and there seems to be a rather terrifying aura. With the help of the dazzling vitality of other powerhouses, Xinglongdai's eyes stare at his hands. of grey feathers.

"Xiaobi, let's go!" The next moment, Xingtaki didn't even turn his head back. Pulling Xiaobi, he stepped back. The speed was outrageous.

"Ignore her, you're a lunatic." Seeing this, Meng Fei hurriedly spoke, and then a steady stream of life force poured into the sealed door in front of him!

"What are the people in the Astrology Valley doing..." But the others didn't say much about Hoshitaki's actions. After all, it's better to rely on yourself for this kind of thing.

"Crash!" The Sealed Gate was colorless at first, but with the cooperation of so many strong men, it was found that there were bursts of screams and tremors, and then a stream of light flickered, as if it would explode at any time!

"Everyone back away a little, the seal is about to be broken." At this time, Meng Fei stopped first, and then said to the other strong men.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as he finished speaking, the sealed door blocking the way in front of him immediately turned into an invisible ripple that dissipated everywhere.

And with the disappearance of the Sealed Gate, a wave of vicissitudes and death actually permeated from the depths.

"What a terrifying fluctuation." Feeling the huge fluctuations coming from the Sealed Gate, some of the strong men immediately flinched.

"Shabu Shabu!" But when everyone was hesitating, Meng Fei and Gunny's figures burst into the room in an instant!

"Follow up, these guys must have found something!" Song Yue snorted coldly after hearing this, and followed directly!

Song Yue found out that the expressions of these people were wrong since he just cracked the seal door.

"Miss, what are we running for?" Xiaobi was dragged by Xingtaki to escape the sealed door. After a long time, Xiaobi couldn't help but ask.

"Do you know what this is?" Xingtaki heard the words, looked back and found that no one was following, so he gave Xiaobi the gray feather he had just discovered.

"Grey feathers?"

"What is this?" Xiaobi asked curiously.

"Remember what Master said?"

"Grey beasts, there are nine deaths and no life." Xing Taki's pupils were filled with fear.

"Fighting soul?"

"Could it be that the Sealed Gate will be a fighting spirit after that?" Xiaobi suddenly said, as if she knew something.

"should be."

"Otherwise it wouldn't have made me feel so frightened Hoshitaki spoke slowly.

"Spirit of fighting..."

"Then I'm afraid all the people inside will die..." Xiaobi said in Zaidu.

"That's not necessarily true. According to the divination, the Xuanling royal family should still have some trump cards. I am afraid that these powerhouses have more or less secrets, so I think that Solomon and Wang Xie and some people like Bingshui also have them. some pedigree."

"Otherwise, if the super sect only sends them to this powerful fighting spirit, they may not be able to obtain it."

"They should just be some pathfinders. The real battle, I'm afraid it has just begun." Hoshitaki shook his head.

"Isn't this space forbidding the Seven Star Dou Emperor to enter successfully, how could it be..." Xiao Bisong said inexplicably.

"This ruin is indeed a very tyrannical prohibition, and there is an extremely tyrannical pressure on the seven-star Dou Emperor's complete powerhouse, but if the strength of the comer reaches half-immortal or more terrifying, no doubt this suppression will be instantly clear."

"Although I don't know the specific reason, but I remember that there is one thing that can really be done."

"It's just that that thing is too precious." Hoshitaki said.

And just as everyone was discussing, the mysterious appearance behind the Sealed Gate was immediately reflected in front of everyone.

However, Meng Fei and Gunny and his party stopped at the door after rushing into the sealed door, apparently seeing something terrible.

"Actually, the undead ghost..."