Chapter Vol 4 1057: method of cracking

"what happened……"

"How can there be an aura that terrifies me in this dragon-loving formation..." Someone said the nine members of the dragon-loving legion standing in the space of the dragon-loving formation.

After Yaoxin finished speaking, he couldn't help but look towards Xiao Yan, as if the source of the fear was exactly where the source of the suffocation came from.

"Yaoxin, you have been worrying too much. This is the inner space of the Dragon Addiction Formation. Although our body cannot enter it, with the power of the Dragon Addiction Formation and our soul power, it is enough to completely kill this beast." And looking at the medicine Xin was so worried, Xuan Ming said.

"In that case, let's do it!"

"Otherwise, there will be too many Yu Bos fighting. If it attracts powerhouses from other continents, it will not be worth the loss." Ye Mo said.

"Let's start." And the others nodded.

As soon as the voice fell, the nine people sat cross-legged, and on the slightly illusory body, an invisible wave of terror radiated from the body, and then swept the entire space, and somewhere in the dark space, It was also slowly that a peerless beast was born.

"Damn...the energy here is actually swallowing my strength?" Long Yi couldn't help but say seeing Ye Mo and the others doing this.

Since entering this space, Long Yi has felt that his power is slowly being lost. Although the speed is extremely slow, it is truly lost.

And when Ye Mo and the nine people gathered their strength, Long Yi suddenly found that the power loss rate in his body had been indistinctly accelerated a lot, and even in this space, it seemed that something was about to appear.

"It seems that this Dragon Addiction Formation really lives up to its reputation. I took it lightly." Seeing this, Long Yi shook his head slightly.

"Hey-hey."

"Big brother, it's okay, I have a solution." Just as Long Yi was preparing for the **** battle, Xiao Yan's voice was wrapped in his soul power and passed into Long Yi's mind.

"Do you have a solution?" Long Yi said with a smile.

"This dragon-loving formation is a powerful formation that has really hunted down the dragons, but without Qin Tian's real fighting immortal powerhouse as the eye of the formation, and Ye Mo's mere half-immortal strength, we still have a chance to survive."

"And there are many flaws in this formation."

"The nine of them are powerful, but as long as they defeat any one of them, the formation will naturally fail." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Is this true?" Long Yi was overjoyed when he heard the words.

To be honest, Long Yi didn’t want to reveal all his cards here. After all, he still wanted to return to the Dragon Clan in the future. If he had too many disputes with humans, it would increase the trouble for him to return to the Dragon Clan, but with Xiao Yan here, Long Yi also Dare not to fight.

"Big brother, you are like this..." Xiao Yan said to Long Yi with his soul power.

"Okay." Hearing this, Long Yi immediately smiled, Xiao Yan's plan was quite perfect, it could not only crack the Dragon Addiction Formation, but also solve their current predicament.

But the premise is that Xiao Yan can succeed.

"Dragon body!" In the next moment, after Xiao Yan finished speaking, there was a place in the soul realm in his body that was condensed quickly, and Long Yi instantly turned into a silver dragon, attracting the attention of Ye Mo and nine others. force to attract.

"The silver dragon, who is a mere one-star fighting immortal, is also trying to fight against the Dragon Addiction Formation." After a while, Ye Mo suddenly opened his pupils, and an indescribable wave of terror instantly filled the space.

And as Ye Mo's voice just fell, suddenly in this space, a pair of huge brown dragon eyes slowly opened, and at that time, a tyrannical aura that the world was afraid of swept over.

"Want to swallow me?"

"It depends on whether you have the ability!" Long Yi shouted loudly, then twisted the huge dragon tail, wrapped in the power of thunder, and attacked away.

"Hula!" And in the dark space where the dragon's eyes just appeared, seeing Long Yi's terrifying offensive, a huge dragon intertwined with colorful rays of light immediately appeared in front of everyone.

This colorful dragon is completely composed of different energies. Although I don’t know why it can integrate so much energy, the dragon exudes a very greedy aura towards Long Yi, as if it wants to swallow it clean. .

"Dragon Addiction Formation, swallow it for me!" After a few breaths, Ye Mo's voice in mid-air suddenly increased by a few decibels, whistling away at the colorful dragon.

"It's good to come!" Seeing this, Long Yi laughed loudly, and the tyrannical dragon tail swung directly at the colorful dragon.

"Hehe, Ye Mo, Ye Mo, you still underestimate me."

"If you want to capture Emperor Ben Yan, you will naturally have to pay some blood." Xiao Yan, who had been quiet by the side, smiled at the scene of the colorful dragon and Long Yi constantly fighting.

He knew that in order to condense this colorful dragon, the nine members of the dragon-loving army could spend a lot of soul power. At this moment, they are extremely weak, and it is time to kill!

"If it weren't for the crisis, I'm afraid I wouldn't let you go in vain."

"But don't worry, I, Xiao Yan, will ask you to pay back the revenge of the Xuanling Emperor Pond." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a solemn aura slowly permeated his body.

"Huhu."

"The battle qi that just merged the life-and-death beam was too much. It seems that the strength is not as strong as the Nine Star Dou Di, so I should use it sparingly..."

"But no matter what, this great gift must be given to you!"

"Soul attack...you roar in a trance!" However, in the next moment, Xiao Yan's body suddenly radiated light A loud and clear cry that directly hit the soul of the human body suddenly sounded!

And with the sound of this special cry, the pupils of the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion who had been fighting with Long Yi all the time shrank tightly, and an aura of death permeated out.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Go to hell!" Xiao Yan's soul attack, but it locked on the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion when they first started to condense, so no matter how they escaped at this time, they would still be hit by the soul attack.

"This lunatic..." At this moment, Ye Mo's pupils showed a trace of blood. Obviously, Xiao Yan's attack really endangered their lives.

"Boom boom boom!" Before everyone could react, the dazzling sky-shattering light beam beside Xiao Yan, like the dawn that pierced through the darkness, directly pierced through the colorful dragon, and then suddenly hit the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion.

"This guy, his soul power has soared to this level..."

"I am afraid that some of the immortal warriors have never possessed the soul power of the peak of the Emperor Realm." Long Yi looked at Xiao Yan's turbulent attack, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"Boom!" The next moment, this space shattered directly, and then with a final bang, it instantly vanished.

"Pfft!" With Xiao Yan's move, the Dragon Addiction Formation was also completely cracked, and the nine people who used their soul power to enter the Dragon Addiction Formation to try to kill Long Yi all spewed out a mouthful of blood!

When the other powerhouses in Xuehe Town saw the scene, the whole city was silent!