Chapter Vol 4 1825: Electors meet!

The Tianyuan Mountains, in the left half of the Wanzhang Abyss.

"Mo Shou, the emperor has an order to strictly search the three electors. It is strictly forbidden for them to carry some destructive items on them. Don't let any doubts be spared, so that they can cross the 'Golden Bridge'."

"The elders are already waiting in the king's city." At this time, in a magnificent palace, a figure surrounded by black shadows appeared in the hall. Its aura is extremely sharp, and he respectfully said to the middle-aged man with a very rich atmosphere in front of him.

Yuanwei!

There are only dozens of elite troops secretly trained by the emperor, but their strength is in the ranks of the six-star fighting immortals. Each of them is a good player, and they are also special troops who secretly do some secret things for the emperor.

"En." Lin Mo nodded lightly, and then his feet quickly wriggled, walking towards the foot of the mountain.

Lin Mo, the emperor's younger brother, is in charge of all the affairs of this half of the mountain range. At this time, the three electors have come to the foot of the Tianyuan Mountains one after another. They only need to wait for Lin Mo's guidance to go to the king's city. After all, under the mountain range, The power of the gods is mighty and full of endless coercion. If there is no reception, I am afraid that a lot of time will be wasted.

As for the top of the mountain range, linking the top of the mountain range on the left and right sides, the golden bridge spanning the abyss, only Lin Mo has the way to open it.

At this time, at the foot of the Tianyuan Mountains, Lin Yunshu and his party came here first.

"Is this the so-called Tianyuan Continent?" The starry sky channel was closed instantly, and the figures of Xiao Yan and the three appeared at the bottom of the mountain range. Xiao Yan followed and slowly hesitated, but now Xiao Yan was trying to hide his aura. The black robe has been added to the body, and in addition, the wood attribute has been completely mastered, I am afraid that very few people can recognize it.

"Hehe, Sir Xiao Yan, the Tianyuan Mountains are on the left and right sides. On the left is the emperor's personal guards, headed by Lord Lin Mo, and some vassals are left. On the right is the royal city, where the emperor lives."

"Our trip is to pass the mountain range on the left, reach the top and cross the 'Golden Bridge' to enter the royal city smoothly. The emperor and many elders will formulate a new king together." Ji Xuan smiled at him, but there was still a touch of oppression in his heart. Obviously extremely worried about the safety of this trip.

"I don't know how your father's condition is?"

"Since visiting a doctor a few years ago, he has been behind closed doors, and no one has seen him." At this time, Lin Yunshu raised his beautiful eyes, looked at the magnificent mountain range, and muttered.

Originally, she was only a first-time female streamer and didn't want to get involved in these disputes, but Ji Xuan and many of the forces behind him were already targeted by the other two electors. If she didn't stand up, I'm afraid they...

And there is another most important place. When she first visited the doctor, the pain that the emperor wanted to talk about deeply hurt her. All these things made the carefree princess in the past completely make up her mind to fight. Compete.

"Crash!" A hoarse voice emerged from the shade of a tree, and several figures emerged together.

"Sister Wang came so early." Suddenly, a sneer with a fierce and suffocating voice came from under the shade of a tree.

Lin Feng, dressed in azure clothes, has a very strong aura, and the two figures surround him one after the other.

"Is this Princess Lin Yunshu... It just looks like that, just a little girl." For a while, the two figures beside her glanced at the princess together, and a figure walking in front immediately said contemptuously.

"Are the two Six-Star Fighting Immortals consummated..." Xiao Yan didn't say a word, and kept guarding the princess within a few meters.

The person who came was Lin Feng. Beside him, there were two middle-aged men in white clothes. One walked in front of him with a scornful smile, and the other followed Lin Feng and kept his eyes on him. Under this gaze, Xiao Yan felt that the aura in his body suddenly changed.

"This kid's aura doesn't seem to be able to see through?"

"What's going on?" At this moment, the guard man beside Lin Feng frowned and asked in doubt.

His Six Star Fighting Immortal Consummate strength is enough to rank in the top ten among the younger generation in the entire Sky Star Continent, but now he can't see through Xiao Yan's strength, as if there is a layer of fog covering Xiao Yan's body that has been covering his exploration.

"It's too early to say this now." Ji Xuan received the princess's signal, waved his hand and said.

"How old are you?"

"How can you interrupt the conversation between the princes?" Looking at Ji Xuan's opening, the man at the front of Lin Feng snorted coldly, without any hesitation, his palm suddenly lifted, accompanied by a touch of The rare green aura, the fierce power contained on it, may be enough to injure a true Six Star Fighting Immortal.

"Squeak."

"This is the Tianyuan Mountains. If you are so reckless, I don't mind sending you to hell." Just when Ji Xuan was shocked and was about to defend himself, a ghostly and eerie voice emerged, and the palm of his hand On the top, a touch of green air also appeared, and even this guy's attack was easily stopped by him, and with a flick, it turned into dust.

Direct rolling on the wood attribute!

"..." Looking at this scene, Lin Feng's expression also became solemn. If he could easily stop the attack of a Six-Star Dou Xian from a complete powerhouse, his strength might be at least a Seven-Star Dou Xian?

However, there are limitations on the bright side. The black-robed figure beside Lin Yunshu can only have five heads with the strength of a six-star Dou Xian. If so, then the combat power is a bit terrifying, but when will there be such a level of power behind Lin Yunshu? already?

And the black robe Xiao Yan a fierce killing intent unleashed uncontrollably, staring at several people.

"Forgive me for taking the liberty." The man shook his head gently, but he didn't dare to stay for long.

"Come back." Lin Feng shook his head and immediately called him back to him.

"That's it?" Ji Xuan said through his soul.

"Don't worry, there are opportunities." Xiao Yan responded gently.

"Pfft." After a short while, Lin Fengya also emerged from the space passage, behind him was the shrewd-faced Butler Tian, ​​and a black-robed man dressed just like Xiao Yan.

"Soul Palace..."

"Xiao Yan..." Xiao Yan beside Lin Yunshu and the shadow beside Lin Fengya looked at each other coldly, even through the black robes, they could smell the familiar aura of each other.

"Since you are all here, let's set off." Just as the three parties were looking at each other carelessly, a loud laugh fell from the sky.

In the blink of an eye, a gigantic lion eagle that covered the sun slowly fell from the sky, and on the huge wings that were waving, there was only a shrewd-looking middle-aged man.

"Meet the leader of the guards." The three royal children pressed down together and said to the man on the lion eagle. .

"Let's go." Lin Mo didn't say much. With a wave of his hand, the nine people were dragged onto the mounts together, heading towards the top of the mountain, the Golden Bridge.

It's just that no one has found that this mountain range is full of sickness, and this kind of breath is exactly the same as the breath of Lin Fengya's underground palace, but I don't know if it's a coincidence or Lin Fengya's sky-high ability .