Chapter Vol 2 761: Lightning resistance!

"Boom boom boom!" Zhu Jin and his group had just finished their discussion, and suddenly the extremely dark thundercloud in the sky suddenly erupted with extremely terrifying fluctuations. This fluctuation attracted many Fenxiang Pavilion disciples to look up.

"Which senior is this refining high-level medicinal pills?"

"Such a rank, such a terrifying thundercloud, I am afraid that the rank has reached the level of a second-grade emperor alchemist."

"It's really terrifying." Some disciples cast envious glances at Xiao Yan's figure in the sky.

Alchemist, this is definitely a lucrative profession, but the harsh conditions have rejected too many talents, so the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion can only shake their heads and sigh.

Moreover, being able to reach the second rank of emperor rank alchemist, such talent, is envious of others.

"This thunder cloud is a bit strong." Xiao Yan slowly stared at the extremely dark Earth Profound Thunder in the thunder cloud, and opened his mouth slightly.

Just now, he used the power of holy flame to wrap himself and poured directly into the Earth Profound Lightning, trying to break it from the inside.

But what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that this Earth Profound Lei possessed a spiritual intelligence that surpassed even that of human beings. Just as Xiao Yan made a move, Earth Profound Thunder noticed it, and then frantically fought against Xiao Yan.

In the face of Di Xuan Lei being so ostracized, Xiao Yan naturally could only temporarily withdraw from his body.

"嘁偁嘁!" The next moment, the Earth Profound Thunder suddenly turned into a huge black giant tiger, its mouth slightly opened, and the terrifying power that devoured the sky and the earth spread out.

"I still don't believe it!" When Xiao Yan saw this, he immediately felt the terrifying fluctuations on the black giant tiger. With such fluctuations, I am afraid that the real Seven Star Dou Emperor might not necessarily be able to defeat them.

"Hehe, some people have seen it now."

"Thunder transformation, the power and strength have more than doubled." Ye Meng suddenly laughed when he saw this.

There are too many good things about this kid Xiao Yan. Even if he is as arrogant as Ye Meng, he would like to see where Xiao Yan's limits are.

"That is……"

"Xiao Yan?" Lingxuan was cultivating at the moment, but she was attracted by the thunderous voice, and said immediately.

"This Xiao Yan is actually refining a second-grade imperial pill?"

"And it was successful?" The next moment, Ling Xuan asked in disbelief.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Ling Xuan knew that Xiao Yan's strength was stronger than her own, but the cultivation of pharmacists was a hundred times more difficult than the cultivation of Dou Qi. Xiao Yan surpassed herself in both, which immediately made the little witch in this place a little dissatisfied.

"Humph."

"Is this Xiao Yan still human?"

"This leaf is too shocking." Sighing slightly, Lingxuan was extremely irritable at this time.

"Hey, you can't blame others for this." Just as Ling Xuan's voice fell, Zhu Yuan, the unknown second senior brother in the hall, suddenly appeared and said immediately.

"Second Senior Brother, are you back?" When Ling Xuan saw this, she was in a good mood.

The several senior brothers in the Earth Palace doted on him quite a bit. Although it was probably because she was the daughter of the Palace Master of the Earth Palace, Ling Xuan didn't care about that.

"I am back."

"This time I came back to say goodbye to the master."

"For so many years in Burning Incense Pavilion, I should also go out for a walk." Zhu Yuan smiled slightly.

"But what about the ruins in the back and the sect competition?"

"If it weren't for you, our Fenxiang Pavilion would be at the bottom again." Ling Xuan was surprised when she knew Zhu Yuan's plan, and then spoke up.

"Isn't there Xiao Yan..."

"This guy is better than me." Zhu Yuan dropped a sentence and left slowly.

"Sure enough, the previous test was like this. Second Senior Brother, why are you bothering?" The next moment, Ling Xuan looked at the disappearing figure of Zhu Yuan, and seemed to understand why Zhu Yuan deliberately challenged Xiao Yan and took this Fenxiang Pavilion disciple's The name was given up, it turned out to be to abdicate to let Xian ah.

"Xiao Yan, don't fail." Everyone in the Wuzhuju opened their mouths slightly, obviously looking forward to Xiao Yan.

"There is just a thunder spirit, do you think this emperor can't help you?" Xiao Yan sneered, and then stopped talking.

He meditated something in his mouth, and then the power of the khaki holy flame slowly emerged.

"Roar!" As the power of the khaki-yellow holy flame appeared on Xiao Yan's body, the black giant tiger seemed to sense a dangerous aura, and immediately roared a few times.

After a while, the black giant tiger launched an attack directly!

The black giant tiger raised its front paws slightly, and slapped the space in front of him suddenly, and the enormous pressure to regain the boundless was instantly suppressed against Xiao Yan.

"Go!" In the face of such a powerful blow, Xiao Yan did not dodge or dodge, and directly triggered the burning decision in his body. A special battle qi emerged after the burning decision, and it immediately fell together with the attack of the black giant tiger. !

"Boom boom boom!" In the sky, the sound of explosions filled the sky incessantly.

"You're lending me a trick!"

"The flame divides the wave ruler!" Before the attack just now was over, the ancient ruler behind Xiao Yan appeared out of thin air, and Xiao Yan suddenly raised his breath. Immediately, a larger attack attacked the black giant tiger!

"Bang bang bang!" The black giant tiger's sight was blocked by the original attack, and he didn't realize Xiao Yan's second attack, and was caught off guard.

"Puff puff!" A mouthful of black blood-like things spurted out of the black giant tiger's mouth instantly.

"Not good!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to be happy, when he saw the black blood just now, Xiao Yan only felt his scalp tingle, and an indescribable sense of anesthesia spread throughout his body!

"Hoohoo!" The black giant tiger immediately laughed a few times when he saw the miraculous effect of his move, and then suddenly moved towards Xiao Yan and ran away!

That extreme speed, if it hit Xiao Yan like this, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's body could be directly penetrated!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan looked panicked was extremely frightened, but the anesthesia in his body made him unable to move.

It's just that the black giant tiger didn't notice the strange smile that flashed from the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth!

"go to hell!"

"Huangquan is angry!" Just as the black giant tiger came to Xiao Yan with an aura of destruction, Xiao Yan's weak feeling disappeared instantly, and then a huge soul force suddenly hit the black giant.

The black giant tiger was too late to defend and was directly hit by Xiao Yan's soul power.

Being attacked by the huge soul force at such a close distance, the black giant tiger's figure became illusory, and after a short while, it disappeared in bursts of fragments.

And with the disappearance of the black giant tiger, the thunderclouds in the sky also murmured and dissipated, and the gray longan-sized medicinal pill in the Black Devil Cauldron also quieted down.

"It's done." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said contentedly, and then seemed to deliberately greet Mu Xuzi, Zhujin, Ye Meng and the others.

"Haha, this kid." Seeing this, the extremely high-level officials couldn't help but smile.

However, they still knew that they all underestimated Xiao Yan, this son, his future achievements are limitless!

"Dancheng, now I'm waiting for Qinxin to come back to trade."

"I don't know where she ran to." Xiao Yan said a little, and immediately put away the Xuanyin Pill with a good jade, and also put away the Black Devil Cauldron.

She then went to the compound to wait for Qinxin's return.