Chapter Vol 4 997: Take Dead Blood Liquid

"Shabu Shabu!"

"It's such a pure power." A few days passed in a blink of an eye, Xiao Yan had been immersed in the Blood River Pond for a few days, and every once in a while, after getting used to the strange power of the Blood River Pond, he would rely on the Holy Flame strength, constantly decreasing.

And every time it dropped, it would bring huge pressure to Xiao Yan. With this pressure, Xiao Yan's body tyranny ability was also slowly changing.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan gently opened his eyes, spit out a few invisible breaths, and through the absorption of the mysterious power in the blood river pool these days, Xiao Yan has made a vague step towards the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. few.

You must know that the energy required for each level in Dou Di is extremely huge. In just a few days, Xiao Yan's body is filled with a lot, which is enough to see the mystery of this blood river pool.

"almost."

"It's time to take the dead blood ghost liquid." Xiao Yan said slowly, then flipped his palm, and a bead surrounded by strange ghost energy appeared in his hand.

I don't know why, when this dead blood ghost liquid just appeared, its outermost ghost qi and the ghost qi in the blood river pool actually resonated, but Xiao Yan smelled something from the dead blood ghost liquid. The power of death that only a strong eight-star Dou Di can possess!

"I don't know if we can make further breakthroughs with the Dead Blood Ghost Liquid and the Blood River Pond."

"Currently, the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in the early stage is enough to deal with other powerhouses. Although there are many means, in the final analysis, his own strength is still too weak."

"And in the final battle of the holy flame, the three-day congregation of the Xuanling royal family is indispensable."

"Among the three-day congregation of the Xuanling Royal Family, one half stepped into the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, and the other was a genuine Eight-Star Dou Emperor early stage." Xiao Yan's eyes became deeper, and a firm expression came out.

"etc……"

"Speaking of which, how do you use this thing?"

"Swallow it directly?" The next moment, Xiao Yan shifted his gaze to the dead blood ghost liquid in his hand, but fell into a daze. Obviously, although an alchemist knew the value of this thing, Xiao Yan didn't know how to use it.

"If you want to die, just swallow it." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a gloomy voice slowly echoed in Xiao Yan's mind.

"Soul Eater Talisman?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed.

"Senior, how do I use this thing?" Although Xiao Yan didn't know what kind of existence exists in the Soul Eater Talisman, but being able to bargain with his uncle, it was enough to see that the guy inside was also a powerful man.

"Dead blood ghost liquid, this is something that gives birth to the power of death in your body."

"Your current strength is only in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. If you swallow it like this, I'm afraid that if you let you have the holy flame, you will explode and die in an instant." A voice came from the soul-eating talisman.

"It's really dangerous." Xiao Yan couldn't help but rejoice when he heard this.

"If you want to absorb this thing to the greatest extent, you must fight poison with poison," said Soul Eater.

"Tackling poison with poison?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this.

"Could it be?" After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes kept rolling, obviously thinking of something.

"Dead Blood Ghost Liquid... Blood River Pond."

"Is that really the case?" Xiao Yan laughed while overjoyed.

"Ruzi can be taught."

"Yes, it is with the help of the power of the Blood River Pond to weaken the dead blood ghost liquid, so that it can be absorbed by you smoothly."

"The Blood River Pond is formed by the ghost qi and the blood of your strong human beings plus some special climate, which contains the monstrous ghost qi that can greatly weaken the ghost qi, so that you can absorb the most essence of the dead blood ghost fluid. Pure power."

"If there is no Blood River Pond, I am afraid that ordinary people will not be able to absorb the dead blood ghost liquid smoothly. After all, the ghost energy contained in it is too huge.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"In that case, let's start." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Be careful when you swallow it for a while, I always feel that there seems to be something unclean in this river of blood," said Soul Eater.

"Unclean things?" Xiao Yan was just about to start, but when he heard the words, he became puzzled.

Since the Soul Eater Talisman is a thing in the ghost world, this unclean thing is definitely not a ghost or a human breath.

"The aura here is a bit like the Left Gorefiend you killed in the desert mountains before, but the aura here is much stronger than that left Gorefiend," said Soul Eater.

"More powerful than the Left Envoy of the Gorefiend?" Xiao Yan frowned.

The powerful Xiao Yan of the Left Envoy of the Gorefiend is still vivid in his mind. If it weren't for Sheng Yan and the seniors, I'm afraid that the last time he went to the desert mountain range, Xiao Yan would have died and not lived.

And the strength of the left envoy of the Gorefiend has also reached the level of the pinnacle of human fighting emperors. If the things here are stronger than death, then maybe...

Dou Xian?

For the current Xiao Yan, a powerhouse at the level of Dou Xian is a disaster.

"You devour it first, and after you have devoured it, you still need to go down to the bottom of this pool with me." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he went silent without a sound.

"Is something unclean..." Xiao Yan muttered to himself, adding the evil power of the four heavenly stars of the Xuanling royal family, he couldn't help but think of something.

"Forget it, let's talk about it after swallowing the dead blood ghost liquid." He temporarily suppressed the doubts in his heart and said.

"Dead blood ghost liquid, I hope you don't let me down." Xiao Yan said instantly to the dead blood ghost liquid in his hands, and then closed his eyes directly Whoa! "A huge amount of soul power erupted directly from his body, and then this always quiet blood river pool suddenly became restless, and incomparably dazzling ghost energy gathered in the direction of Xiao Yan.

And with the appearance of such a huge ghost qi, the ghost qi on the dead blood ghost liquid beads disappeared rapidly.

"It's really useful!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was instantly overjoyed, it seemed that the senior in this Soul Eater Talisman really didn't deceive him.

As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately mobilized the ghost qi in the blood river pool, because Xiao Yan knew that if he wanted to devour dead blood ghost liquid, he could only devour the outermost layer of ghost qi after he had melted it, otherwise he would go into flames. .

"Very clever little guy." And Yan Chi, who was not far below Xiao Yan, also slowly opened his eyes at this time.

"Since they have all started to devour, then I can only give up the following things."

"It's better to heal the dark disease in your body as soon as possible."

"But it's strange. In the depths of the blood river, something seems to be calling me..." Yan Chi murmured, but the most easily overlooked part of his back was a very eerie bloodstain looming. .

"Sure enough..." And Mu Yingying in the distance felt the sudden turmoil from the Blood River Pond, and immediately knew the strangeness of this dead blood ghost liquid, so she found a way to solve it.

As for Xiao Yi, it was a pleasant surprise to discover that he kept absorbing the mysterious power in the Blood River Pond, and actually made his strength advance slowly.

--Pull up to load the next chapter s-->