Chapter Vol 2 779: Open the ruins!

"Everyone, be careful, this iron gate is very strange." Song Yue held Hongqian in his hand, stood at the front, and said to everyone.

"This is the entrance to the ruins?" When some other super sect disciples heard the words, they suddenly became surprised.

"Brother Fei, did you find anything?" The younger brother with the medicine box on his back said to Meng Fei, obviously eager to know.

The man with the medicine box was named Feng Ran. He was a late-stage Six-Star Dou Di and was also Meng Fei's assistant, so Meng Fei naturally brought him the ruins this time.

"It's very strange. I don't know what material the iron gate at the entrance to the sealed ruins is made of. As soon as my soul power touched it, it was swallowed up." Meng Fei frowned, apparently he had never encountered such a strange thing before.

"It was swallowed?" Feng Ran was shocked when he heard the words.

Meng Fei's soul power has entered the realm of the emperor's realm. If such a terrifying soul power is swallowed up, this iron gate seems too strange.

"Let's see if the others have found anything." After Meng Fei finished speaking, he looked at the others.

"Brother, have you found anything?" Qi Haoqing asked Qi Haoran.

"I asked you to read more classics in the past, now you know how to use it?" Qi Haoran cast a glance.

"You know that I'm not interested in those things." Qi Haoqing said helplessly, his brother has read the Four Books and Five Classics, but he just can't read it.

"One thing, the seal on the iron gate is very strange. I tried to test it with a grudge, but it was completely swallowed up." After Qi Haoran finished speaking, he made a gesture to Qi Haoqing, and the two suddenly became quiet. .

Xiao Yan and Qi Haoran have already discovered something, but he just doesn't want others to know about it.

"This iron gate is so weird." Solomon Guni felt bitter in his heart.

Just now, he tried to use his vindictiveness to explore the mysterious pattern above the iron gate, but was chased by an incomparably powerful force from the iron gate. Hate fell under that power.

"This iron gate..." Xiao Yan stood there dumbfounded. For some reason, this iron gate made him feel a sense of déjà vu?

Xiao Yan did not use his grudge or soul and spiritual power, but let his thoughts communicate with the iron gate.

"What is he doing?" Seeing this, Mu Yingying was a little worried about Xiao Yan, and immediately asked Xiao Yan.

"Don't worry about it." Yueru seemed to realize that Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying had an unusual relationship from the moment she entered the Fenxiang Pavilion, and immediately snorted at Mu Yingying.

Xiao Yan was recognized by his father and would be his husband in the future. With Yueru's strong personality, she would definitely not let Mu Yingying succeed.

"You!" When Mu Yingying heard the words, she didn't know where she had provoked Yueru, but when she thought of the agreement between Xiao Yan and Yueru, she didn't lose her temper, but looked around.

Following Xiao Yan's meditation, Yue Ru seemed to calm down, and then her eyes were slightly closed, and a vague mysterious rune on her forehead slowly beat.

At this moment, the light emitted by the mysterious rune on Yueru's forehead was exactly the same as that of the iron gate!

It's just that Xiao Yan quickly returned to normal, and Yue Ru saw that Xiao Yan was back to normal, so she didn't hold back and got up immediately.

"How is it?" Yueru asked urgently.

She could feel that the mysterious rune on her forehead was getting hotter and hotter, and it was obvious that the ruins really existed the true inheritance of Fairy Moon.

"I think, I know how this thing is broken."

"For a while, let's do this..." Xiao Yan deliberately wrapped his voice transmission with his soul power in order to prevent others from hearing it. Although Meng Fei could hear it vaguely, Meng Fei's soul power was not as strong as Xiao Yan's, so naturally he didn't. Know what Xiao Yan is doing.

"Will this be a bit too bad..." After Leng Fuyao heard Xiao Yan's plan, he was immediately apprehensive.

Originally, I thought that Xiao Yan was just a tyrannical and talented person, but he never thought that he would be so unpretentious when he did things!

"Mu Feng, is there a problem?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after speaking.

"Okay!"

"no problem."

"As for the gossip, leave it to me!"

"Although I'm not strong enough right now, I can still make it stop for a few moments." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he laughed.

And Xiao Yan immediately nodded after listening to Mu Feng's answer.

"Start?" Mu Feng asked tentatively.

"No hurry, let them find it for a while." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then Xiao Yan and his group started to look for a solution.

"Senior sister, what did you find?" Lin Zhu asked her sister, the five poisons, with her moving eyes.

"I'm afraid it has something to do with the mysterious pattern above the iron gate if I want to crack the entrance to the ruins." Wu Po hesitated, and then spoke.

"Mysterious pattern?" Lin Zhu heard the words, and immediately cast her beautiful eyes on the iron gate, but she was seeing the gossip pattern in the iron gate slowly turning!

"Okay, how do you guys think this seal should be broken?" Not long after, Song Yue saw that the disciples of the super sect here were all dejected, and immediately spoke up.

"Why don't we try it." Xiao Yan looked around and found that no one was standing up. He immediately took a step and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Okay!" Song Yue nodded immediately when he heard the words. Although they had also discovered some clues, it was still too early to solve it.

"The seal of this iron gate is recorded in our Burning Incense Pavilion, so it is not difficult to break it, but if we crack it, the strength of our Burning Incense and Wanhua Pavilion alone is obviously insufficient." Xiao Yan stared at the cloth. The mysterious iron gate full of gossip, Wei Wei said.

"What do you think?" Hearing this, these super sect powerhouses knew that they couldn't escape at this time. Originally, they all wanted to be the mantis catching the cicada and the oriole, but now, I am afraid they can only join forces.

"Let's join forces."

"Let me focus on Burning Incense Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion, and pour all your power into the iron gate. For the rest, I will be responsible for breaking the seal?"

"What do you guys think?" Xiao Yan said.

"Xiao Yan can't do it, you will lose too much, and it will hurt our entry into the ruins..." Xiu Qi took off the bucket, naturally they knew about it.

"Sister Xiuqi, who will go to **** if I don't go to hell?" Xiao Yan said with a rather painful expression.

Having said that, Xiu Qi and Xiao Yan's group almost didn't laugh, but fortunately they held back.

"Established!" The other super sect powerhouses heard the words and immediately agreed.

"Let's get started." Xiao Yan said, and then Mu Feng sat down with his legs crossed, and then a circle of dark blue vindictiveness appeared all over his body. He kept muttering something, obviously cracking the gossip formation above the iron gate!

"Shoot!" Seeing Xiao Yan being so trustworthy, the other strong men immediately did not hesitate, and all their strength poured into the iron gate.

And with the influx of so many super sect disciples, the iron gate exuded a burst of fear, just when the iron gate was about to devour those huge forces, Mu Feng suddenly shouted: "Break it for me!"

As soon as the voice fell, a mysterious force that seemed to be exactly the same as Tiemen suddenly shot towards Tiemen on the palm of Mu Feng's hand!

And with Mu Feng like this, there was an extremely weak gap in the iron gate!

"The seal is open!"

"Everyone, come in!" Someone said something, and suddenly the passage became crazy.

But the next moment, a strange smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth: "Everyone, I'm sorry."

"Go ahead."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a silver light appeared under the feet of Xiao Yan and his group, and the next moment, everyone immediately disappeared!

"Not good!" Qi Haoran seemed to realize something, then shouted loudly, and then his dazzling fighting qi attacked the small gap above the iron gate!

"Damn bastard!" Qi Haoran scolded coldly after the first blow failed, and then the passage returned to peace, and the iron gate returned to normal.

Sixth shift is here!

Ask for support!

Today, the author went to the hospital to check his body, so the update time was delayed a little.

Ten more tomorrow.