Chapter 670: Problematic Fire Spirit

"What's the problem?" Xiao Yan was naturally not injured in the face of Mu Yingying's attack, but this Mu Yingying's attack just now was clearly aimed at the heart rock in Xiao Yan's body.

"I don't know, but when you just displayed the source power of the holy flame, I clearly felt that you are not the real master of the holy flame."

"Maybe it's the Holy Flame Spirit in your body, and you are just a medium through which he releases his power."

"The attack I just attacked was aimed at the holy flame spirit in your body, which can make it fall into a deep sleep for a short time." Mu Yingying's big eyes full of spirituality beat a few times.

"How can it be?"

"I devoured the holy flame back then, and the source of holy flame is also in my body, but the spirit of holy flame still exists in my body now." Xiao Yan was shocked, because what Mu Yingying said was true.

When he just dealt with Guanglu, he really used the Holy Flame's source power for the gravel burial, but Xiao Yan found that his use of the Holy Flame was not as handy as he imagined.

Even if it is the first time to use the Holy Flame Origin Power Rock Shattering Sky Burial, it should not only have that kind of power.

"Having swallowed the holy flame does not mean that you can truly possess the holy flame. Although it is not very clear, I can feel that the holy flame spirit in your body seems to have other ideas."

"The holy flame is one of the most powerful things in this world."

"If you control all the holy flames, I am afraid that with the use of the source power of holy flames, the light path will be instantly defeated by you. Even if you deliberately suppress the power of holy flames, the light path is absolutely impossible to resist."

"Because that is holy flame!"

"So I think there is something wrong with the holy flame in your body, or the holy flame spirit in your body." Mu Yingying said lightly.

"Is there any solution?" Xiao Yan calmed down and spoke immediately.

Since this Mu Yingying dared to do this, it means that this guy has more or less certainty.

"Back then, you helped me overcome the calamity, but now I help you solve the problem of the holy flame in your body, and everyone can be considered equal." Mu Yingying pouted slightly.

"It is true that every holy flame will give birth to a holy flame spirit, but this holy flame spirit is a part of holy flame itself."

"So your current power of holy flame has been divided into two indistinguishable parts."

"A part of the source of holy flame in your body, and a part of the spirit of holy flame in your body, if you want to truly conquer holy flame, you must swallow that holy flame spirit in order to have real holy flame." Mu Yingying said seriously.

"Devouring the Spirit of Sacred Flame?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard this, obviously what Mu Yingying said was true.

"Yes, devour the Holy Flame Spirit. Only then can the Holy Flame in your body be called the real Holy Flame. Otherwise, if you allow this Holy Flame Spirit to exist, it is impossible to say that there will be some other changes in the future." Mu Yingying lowered her voice. a few voices.

"Indeed." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded, and then spoke slowly.

But in my heart I was thinking about the relationship between Xinyan and Huoxintianyan.

"Close your eyes and rest, I'll see if I can help you." The next moment, Mu Yingying walked slightly to Xiao Yan, her beautiful eyes flickering slightly, as if she was thinking about something.

"Okay." Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately sat cross-legged and closed his eyes as Mu Yingying said.

Mu Yingying exuded the power of azure holy flame all over her body, and after a little hesitation, she went directly towards Xiao Yan's body.

"No, the strength of your Holy Flame Spirit, I am afraid that only the powerhouses above the Seven Star Dou Emperor can solve it. I am not good now."

"And if you forcefully help you swallow it, I'm afraid it will affect your origin." After a while, Mu Yingying shook her head and said.

"Forget it, don't worry about this right now. Now you are not strong enough to swallow it, but I have to remind you that this Holy Flame Spirit is extremely hostile to human beings, you better be on guard." Mu Yingying finished. , slowly withdrew the power of his azure holy flame.

"It seems that this is the only way to go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he naturally nodded his head.

"Let's go, let's go to the Boundless Mountain first." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she got up slightly and walked towards the Boundless Mountain, which was shrouded in smoke.

"This Mu Yingying's control of the holy flame is probably still above me." Xiao Yan murmured, and it was really weird to say it. The flame on Mu Yingying's body is indeed holy flame, but it is true from the beginning to the end. I haven't seen Mu Yingying summoning the Spirit of Holy Flame, so I'm afraid she has already been assimilated by it.

"Shabu Shabu!" Without a word, Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan walked one after the other on the winding path, looking around, in order to prevent danger.

"Strange, the two of us have walked a short distance, why haven't we encountered any dead beast?"

"It stands to reason that the dead beasts that can live in this Boundless Mountain are probably of a certain strength, but we haven't seen any dead beasts after entering this place for a long time. This is obviously not in line with common sense." Xiao Yan looked around. Then he spoke slowly.

"Be careful, I think the secret should be on the top of the mountain." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she became vigilant.

"Yes." Xiao Yan had just agreed, and suddenly felt a hot force in his body slowly awakening.

"Xiao Yan, what happened just now?" The next moment, Xinyan woke up instantly, and asked in a questioning tone.

"It's nothing, just now Mu Yingying got out of control and fought against us. Fortunately, it's fine." Xiao Yan smiled casually, without any hesitation.

"Well, I'm sorry, the Holy Flame just backfired, and I almost..." Mu Yingying also cooperated with Xiao Yan very much.

"I don't know which flower your holy flame is." Xinyan heard the words and naturally felt that there were some scars on Xiao Yan's body, and naturally didn't realize that Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying deceived him together.

"Cough, cough, cough."

"Go back to you." Xiao Yan said directly the next moment.

"Your Holy Flame Spirit is quite special." Mu Yingying smiled lightly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan naturally knew what Mu Yingying meant.

"No, if this Xiao Yan finds out about my relationship with Sheng Yan, I'm afraid my end will be quite miserable."

"But it's not my fault, Xiao Mu, you forced me to do all this."

"You treated me like that back then I will take it all back from your clan now!" The next moment, Xiao Yan said with a sternness in his heart.

When Xinyan returned to Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying walked towards the halfway of Wuliang Mountain at the same time, not knowing that a huge conspiracy was waiting for several people.

At this time, at the top of Wuliang Mountain, in that mysterious cave.

At this time, the place is already full of blood, and it is extremely bloody.

"Susu."

"It's really delicious."

"The dead beasts here were born for me. This time, let me escape from this ghost place with your long-cherished wish."

"Human, Burning Incense Pavilion, Xuan Santian, this emperor will one day make you all submit to my feet!" The child made a gloomy voice, and then the two giant cauldrons beside them were full of blood essence and blood Full of demon cores, the two giant cauldrons continued to converge on its tiny body.

Every time they gather, there will be a lot of blood on this child's body!

"Night cat, someone is here, go out and meet them." The next moment, the child seemed to remember something, and then the black-furred kitten perched beside the cave bellowed twice and headed down the mountain.

As soon as Ye Cat left, she immediately turned into a very enchanting woman, and kept saying, "The owner is really a lunatic. He actually wants to use such an extreme method to break through the restrictions of this Luoling Mountain."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Ask for tickets!