Chapter 207: Tianhuoyu vs Thunder penalty 0 rain!

"Breakthrough!"

The terrifying thunder was attached to the body of the silver blue thunder wolf king and continuously flowed, and the originally majestic silver blue thunder wolf king's body also swelled a lot. Because of the scar, obviously this silver thunder is not mortal.

Seeing this, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was unwilling to be left behind. The red flames instantly covered every inch of the skin on his body, and his amber pupils stared at the silver Cang Thunder Wolf King!

A signal of a decisive battle pervades the mountains in the east of the Infernal Forest!

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger and the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King in mid-air are like a gunpowder thread, catching at one point!

"Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King, destroy it for me!" Yu Hui also said in an orderly manner.

Just after Yu Hui finished speaking, the silver blue thunder wolf king in mid-air, his huge gray pupils suddenly turned, and the thunder all over his body was instantly confused in the entire sky!

A large area of ​​the sky is densely packed with the power of thunder!

The power of thunder is silver, if Xiao Yan is here, Xiao Yan recognizes the power contained in the thunder at a glance. Compared to the power of the Nine-color Pill Thunder, it will not be too much!

The thunder on the body of the silver blue thunder wolf king is enough. The thunder in the entire sky is born from the thunder on the silver blue thunder wolf king. At this time, the silver blue thunder wolf king is like a **** of thunder!

Standing amidst thousands of extremely terrifying thunderbolts in the sky, his gray pupils stared at the Heavenly Fire Holy Tiger tightly!

Tianhuo Shenghu also seemed to find that there were so many terrifying thunderbolts around him, so the flames that originally covered his body formed a barrier around his body and easily blocked these silver thunderbolts.

Then the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger raised his arrogant head, his amber pupils stared at the silver Cang Thunder Wolf King, and the flames all over his body gathered in front of his mouth. At this time, the flames were not red, but crimson, and there was still a hint of crimson in the crimson. A faint azure flame!

At the mouth of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, a terrifying force compressed by the flame energy also suddenly formed!

"Isn't this big tiger not too stupid?"

"I also know how to use the flame power in my body like this!" In order to avoid the battle in the sky, Mu Yingying was sitting on the branch of a large gray tree, with her pink hands on the branch. He sat down slightly, his slender legs swaying back and forth under the branches.

If Xiao Yan despised me here, he would be surprised to find that the power used by the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is the same as that of Xiao Yan!

Because both of them are the power to compress the flame, so that a powerful enough power burst out in an instant!

However, the difference is that what Xiao Yan fuses and compresses is a different fire, while this Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger compresses a kind of ordinary flame beast fire, but this is the case, this Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger can use the power of compressing flames, which is enough to show his The ability to control the flame has reached a terrifying realm!

"Brother, it looks like we won." Yu Jing also looked at the silver Canglei Wolf King, who was filled with thunder in the sky, and at the compressed Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger with a space of several meters, suddenly laughed.

Yu Hui ignored his brother. With his eyesight, it was not difficult to find out what the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger seemed to contain.

"Brother, why don't we take action so that the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger will never turn over?" Yu Jing also said sinisterly.

"No, after the previous attack of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, and after adding the power we gave to the silver Canglei Wolf King just now, our current strength can only protect ourselves. As for the shot..." Yu Hui also refused, and then his Turning his eyes to where Mu Yingying was, feeling the peak strength of the huge four-star Dou Di, Yu Hui shook his head. Another reason why he didn't take action against the Heavenly Fire Holy Tiger was Mu Yingying!

He didn't even hesitate at all. If he made a move, then Mu Yingying, who was the first in the trial, would also make an instant move!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If he didn't have the trump card of the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King, and gave Yu Hui a hundred courage, he wouldn't dare to provoke Mu Yingying!

A deep fear came, and Yu Hui's eyes were also plunged into the sky. As long as the silver Canglei Wolf King defeated the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, then everything was easy to say. If it failed, then...

The battle in the sky has also entered the white-hot stage.

The attack of the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King and the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was also brewing to the extreme, and they burst out!

I saw that in the sky, the silver thunder wolf king was filled with extremely high concentration of silver thunder, and a huge energy filled the silver thunder, and then with the howl of the silver thunder wolf king, the whole body was covered. The extremely high-concentration thunder slammed towards the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger!

On the other side, the terrifying energy formed by the mouth of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was compressed and condensed from its entire body of flame energy. It looked like a ball of light. The moment the ball of light appeared, the entire space was filled with shattering sounds of varying degrees!

The attack of the silver blue thunder wolf king is called "Thunder Punishment for a Thousand Rains!"

This is the strongest strike of the silver blue thunder wolf king. It uses a high concentration of thunder power to form a huge thunder net, and it rushes away at the target!

There is a powerful destructive power and anesthesia power in the thunder, and the anesthetizing opponent is using the destructive power to inflict heavy damage!

This is the strongest strike of the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King, even the ordinary four-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse can only fall with hatred!

The light ball of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is called "Heavenly Fire Jade!"

"Jade" is to compress and seal the most beautiful and expensive things to form a beautiful jade. This "Sky Fire Jade" comes from this.

"Tianhuoyu" compresses the flame energy in the Tianhuo Sacred Tiger's body to generate terrifying power to carry out a single destructive force, and its destructive power and terrifying temperature are also terrifying.

"Heavenly Fire Jade" and "Thunder and Punishment Thousand Rains" slammed into each other in the next moment!

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger and the Silver Cang Thunder Wolf King are also staring at the two forces that are fighting, and then a steady stream of power is constantly being delivered, because they also know that once whoever is exhausted in this battle, then the end will be the same. ...

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying power of thunder and the power of scorching flames are mercilessly intertwined like enemies!

The power of thunder carried by Thunder Punishment Thousand Rains is like a big net. As soon as the two collided, they were wrapped around the flame light ball "Heavenly Fire Jade"!

Although the fiery red light ball struggled hard, the fiery red light ball was instantly wrapped by the silver thunder net. After being wrapped, the light ball did not seem to struggle, just above the fire red light ball, There is a trace of blue flame beating.

Seeing that he had the upper hand from the beginning, the silver blue wolf king couldn't help but let out a sinister smile.

Then, before the silver Canglei Wolf King's smile spread out, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger snorted coldly, and a very loud howl sounded!

And with the howl of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, the "Sky Fire Jade" wrapped in thousands of thunders also burst out.

"Boom boom boom!"

Sparks are flying all over the sky, where is there any power of thunder, some are just huge enough to feel hot flames!

At the moment when the "Heavenly Fire Jade" exploded, the space in mid-air was also shattered, which was caused by this terrifying destructive power!

However, a very small azure flame on the "Sky Fire Jade" also quietly moved towards the silver Canglei Wolf King!

Until now, Yu Hui didn't realize how stupid his decision was this time!

"The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is really amazing!" From a pavilion, there was also an exclamation.

Ask for a ticket~

For the rest of the month, it's no surprise that there are three shifts every day!

Don't forget to vote after reading the recommended votes in your hands!

It would be even better if there is a monthly ticket as a reward ^_^