Chapter 390: Xuanling royal family worship hall meeting!

Xiao Yan and the others also left the underground palace, came to an inn, and stayed there.

"Uncle, is she all right..." Xiao Yan also quietly asked.

"It's okay, she has overdrawn too much strength and needs a good rest."

"Also, you should go down and rest." Elder Zhu also said.

"Uncle, thank you." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was relieved, then left the house where Mu Yingying lived and walked towards his own.

After all, my uncle, but the strength of Dou Di's peak level, with him, Xiao Yan is also relieved, and Xiao Yan's injury is also serious this time, and he must recover as soon as possible.

"Hehe, the two of you really don't give me peace of mind..."

"You Xiao Yan alone is enough to give me a headache. I can't think of another Mu Yingying now..."

"However, why does this Mu Yingying have a trace of burning aura on her body..."

"Could it be my illusion?" Zhu Lao also said to himself, and then he left the room slowly.

In the house at this time, only Mu Yingying was left lying quietly on the bed.

The next moment, Mu Yingying's eyelids twitched violently, and then she murmured, "Xiao Yan..."

Then calm returned.

In the depths of the Xuanling royal family, the palace compound.

There are many stone steps in Langya, hundreds of steps from the bottom to the top, and a group of magnificent palaces also appear in the palace compound.

At this time, in a rather imposing secret room, he gathered a lot of people at this time.

At first glance, this secret room is specially prepared for the meeting. The wooden table of the meeting presents the character "one", and there is a first position on the left and right sides, which is convenient for communication.

Among them, the first one on the left and the second one on the left is the Ye Mo who I saw with Zhu Lao before!

At this time, Ye Mo sat respectfully next to the old man who was at the top on the left, and then his eyes were fixed on King Xuanling, who was on the top on the right, and an unpleasant aura also emanated.

The one above the first on the left is an elderly man. His white hair and beard and the wrinkles on his face are undoubtedly full of the flavor of the years, and it is also a foil for his age.

It's just that this is the case, and no one dares to underestimate this old man!

Because this old man is now the controller of the Dragon-loving Legion!

Qin Tian, ​​who is known as the Fudo Ming King!

A strong man who has ruled the entire Dragon-loving Legion for hundreds of years!

A strong man who is on an equal footing with Zhu Lao based on his strength alone!

Hundreds of years have passed since he stepped into the Nine-Star Dou Di Rank Nine, and as the hundreds of years have passed, his strength has become more and more terrifying.

"Ye Mo, tell me."

"This time it was you who held the worship hall meeting, what happened..." Qin Tian, ​​who was first on the left, also said to Ye Mo next to him.

"Reporting to the head, the main purpose of holding the worship hall meeting this time is to criticize the Xuanling King!" Ye Mo also said slowly.

"What?" As soon as these words came out, the pupils of the people next to them also opened tightly, obviously extremely incredible!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The identity of King Xuanling, although it cannot be said to be one-handed in the Xuanling royal family, is also a king with extremely high dominance. If this Ye Mo is criticized and fought, what will be his face?

"Ye Mo, you want to talk nonsense!" King Xuanling's eyelids were also beating violently, and then he suppressed the anger in his heart and slowly said to Ye Mo.

"Humph!"

"At this time, we are on the verge of a stalemate with the Medusa family. How can we cause trouble?"

"This time, the three people from the Burning Incense Pavilion entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond. Why did the boy and the woman act like this? Presumably the Xuanling King knows a little about it?" Ye Mo also asked rhetorically.

"I don't know what you are talking about!" King Xuanling also snorted coldly.

As Ye Mo just finished speaking, the body of a certain black figure in the conference room also trembled...

With such an appearance, if Xiao Yan was there, he would definitely be able to recognize at a glance that this was the person who attacked them.

"enough!"

"King Xuanling, what do you think is going on?" The old man above the top also said.

"Uncle Qin, this matter..." King Xuanling also hesitated.

"Speak!" The next moment, the old man Qin Tian, ​​who was above the first place, also suddenly shouted.

"Uncle Qin, I asked Xuanmo to go to this matter..." Upon seeing this, King Xuanling also knew that the matter could not be concealed, and immediately said in a low voice.

"Mysterious Demon!"

"What the **** is going on?" The next moment, Qin Tian also focused his attention on Xuan Mo, and then asked viciously.

"The regiment... Commander, I..." The next moment, the man in black wearing a black cloak also said tremblingly, for fear that Qin Tian would punish him heavily.

"Everyone is a brother who has been born and died for many years. I just want to know the truth of the matter." Qin Tian also said very plainly.

"It's like this..."

"The three disciples in the Burning Incense Pavilion are the top three in this point looting competition, and the first place also killed the twin ghost emperors, so the subordinates..."

"This has nothing to do with King Xuanling..." Xuanmo also said.

"Alas..." Qin Tian also sighed slowly.

"Xuantian, I know your character, but you have to remember that if you can't bear to be small, you will make big plans." The next moment, Qin Tian also spoke to King Xuanling, who was sitting opposite him.

"Remember the teachings of Uncle Huang." King Xuanling also said quite happily.

"Since this is the case, then this matter should be suppressed first, and then we will talk about it later. You should not have any conflicts with Fenxiang Pavilion."

"We'll talk about everything after the Medusa family is resolved!" Qin Tian also said.

"Uncle, since today's worship hall meeting was held, the kid has a request..." King Xuanling also smiled slowly.

"What's the matter?" Qin Tian also asked.

"I ask Uncle Huang to bring the people from the Dragon Addiction Legion with me to the forbidden area in the depths of the Medusa clan, and capture Medusa alive!" King Xuanling also said directly.

"After arresting Medusa, their Medusa family is not crazy to revenge us?" Qin Tian also said slightly.

"Uncle, you don't know anything about this. Among the Medusa clan, the one with the highest bloodline is Medusa. As long as we capture Medusa alive, then we can rely on With Medusa's bloodline suppressing the vast majority of the power in the Medusa clan, it is only a matter of time before the problem of the Medusa clan is solved." King Xuanling also said as if he was winning.

"That's right, what about the rest of you?" After Qin Tian finished speaking, he also turned his attention to the remaining ten people in the meeting.

"Shabu Shabu!" At the next moment, out of ten people, eight people raised their hands to express their agreement to this practice.

As for the remaining two, one is Ye Mo, and the other is a strong man next to Ye Mo.

"I don't agree. Among the Medusa clan, Medusa will definitely be the most protected. If we dispatch the entire dragon-loving army, our Xuanling royal family and the Medusa clan will definitely go to war!"

"The people who died in the war the most were the common people!" Ye Mo also roared.

"Ye Mo..."

"You just have a good heart."

"But there are some things that can only be earned if you give up."

"We have been at a stalemate with the Medusa family for so long, and it's time to make a break." Qin Tian also said slowly.

"that's it."

"As soon as the auction ends, leave immediately!"

"Go down and get ready."

"Top secret operation, code name, snake hunting." After Qin Tian finished speaking, he also slowly walked out of the conference room.

Ask for tickets!