Chapter Vol 4 1109: The legend of ghost moon well

"You...you're not dead?" But after hearing Xiao Yan's voice, the head of the Yu family shrank his eyes tightly, extremely frightened!

His own attack, but condensed his own power of fighting immortals and the power of life and death, two huge forces, how could this guy be safe and sound with the strength of a fighting emperor?

Although he is only a half-immortal now, the pure **** is an immortal fighting power that is stronger than the power of life and death. Xiao Yan was not injured by such means. This guy is probably a monster.

"Come again?" The smoke dissipated, Xiao Yan's figure was still intact, and he immediately said to the head of the Yu family.

Although the attack of the leader of the Yu family just now was tyrannical, don't forget that the blue-yellow flame on Xiao Yan's body is a new flame fused by two holy flames, and its power is probably not something that a half-immortal can resist.

Xiao Yan does have three kinds of holy flames, but Mu Yingying's holy flames are not a last resort. Xiao Yan doesn't want to use them, so he can only combine two kinds of holy flames, but even so, the battle just now is enough to show that these two kinds of new life The tyranny of flames.

"Monster!" After the leader of the Yu family finished speaking, Dou Qi suddenly appeared under his feet, and he ran away directly under the Ghost King Ridge. Obviously, Xiao Yan gave him a very heavy fear. If he stayed here, I'm afraid...

"Little brother, you can't let him go!" Seeing the leader of the Yu family fleeing directly, the two subordinates of the Qing family couldn't help but say.

The leader of the Yu family is a half-immortal, and he also has a high status in the Yu family. If he is released like this, it will be extremely troublesome.

"Don't worry, he won't be able to run away." Xiao Yan's figure fell gently to the ground, and he didn't seem to be worried that the leader of the Yu family would escape like this.

"Hahaha!"

"Boy, you dare to be an enemy of our Yu family, I think you are tired and crooked."

"When I go back to rescue the soldiers, there will be some good fruits for you to eat!" The leader of the Yu family had just fled a few hundred meters, and then a burst of laughter came out.

"Damn, what is this?" The head of the Yu family just finished speaking, and suddenly felt a tinge of blue-yellow flames beating slowly above his body.

Immediately the next moment, before the leader of the Yu family could take action, the blue-yellow flame was like a time bomb, burning directly on his body. After a few breaths, the whole body of the leader of the Yu family exploded in an instant. stand up.

"Boom boom boom!" A round of rather beautiful blood-colored energy exploded instantly, and the source of this energy was the place where the leader of the Yu family escaped just now.

"solved."

"The body and even the soul are not left." Xiao Yan looked at the place where the explosion occurred, clapped his hands and said, obviously it was the first time to use this flame to fight, and he didn't know what to do.

"This guy..." And looking at the place where the explosion occurred, Qing'er really felt the breath of the head of the Yu family's complete fall, and couldn't help muttering to herself.

After speaking, several people also slowly cleaned the ground. After all, this is the Ghost King Mountain. There are many spirit beasts in the Ghost King Mountain. The fluctuation of this attack may attract some tyrannical spirit beasts.

"Boom boom boom!"

"What kind of fluctuation is this..."

"Looking at this fluctuation, could it be that something happened to Qing'er and the others?"

"Broken!" And far away from the halfway up the mountain of Ghost King Ridge, Qing Wen's figure slowly appeared here.

And after seeing this violent energy fluctuation, he also rushed towards the creek halfway up the mountain.

"Qing'er!" As soon as he arrived at the creek halfway up the mountain, all the creeks here dried up, and there was even a trace of fighting, Qing Wen couldn't help roaring.

"Damn it, careless!" When Qing Wen saw that the camp stationed at Xiaoxi was broken, his fists clenched and his breath became manic.

"Brother..." Not long after Qingwen called, Qinger's voice also responded after a rock in the creek.

"Qing'er, are you all right?"

"What's the matter?" Qing Wen was overjoyed when he saw his younger sister, Qing'er, and asked eagerly.

"The people from the Yu family are here."

"It's their bodyguard."

"One half-immortal, two powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di." Qing'er said slightly.

"What..." Qingwen frowned upon hearing this. Obviously, he knew that Qinger's eighth-rank nine-star Dou Emperor and the two men who protected her were only the seventh-rank and nine-star Dou Emperor's strength. So easily solved.

"Strange, it stands to reason that they are so strong, how can you still..."

"How did you escape, what about the other two servants?" Qing Wen couldn't help asking.

"Where are they..." At the next moment, Qing'er said with a smile on the corner of her mouth.

"Isn't this guy the kid who killed your pet that day?" Qing Wen looked in the direction Qing'er pointed, and saw Xiao Yan and his two domestic servants, next to the three, were still lying down. Looking at the two figures who fell into a coma, he couldn't help but say.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"elder brother."

"The captain of the Yu Family Guard Team, with the strength of a half-immortal, was killed by him."

"Directly obliterated, not even the soul power escaped." Qing'er whispered.

"This guy?" Zai Qinger Zaidu said, a shock of shock appeared in Qing Wen's heart.

Qing Wen has a keen eye since childhood, and can recognize some treasures or powerful people, otherwise, he would not be able to persuade him when Xiao Yan crushed Qing'er's pet to death just now.

"This guy, he really is a boy from a hero." After Qing Wen finished speaking, he walked over quickly.

"Hello, little brother, I am in the Qing family in the ghost king city." Qing Wen came to Xiao Yan, politely and hungry, and looked like a scholar.

"Since you're here, it's time for me to go too." And Xiao Yan watched Qing Wen come back and was also ready to leave.

After all, Xiao Yan just came to the ghost world before It was more or less because of these guys that they didn't get smashed to pieces, and Xiao Yan would always help them out of reason.

"Hey-hey."

"Little brother, don't leave in a hurry."

"I don't know where the little brother came from? Where are you going?" Qing Wen said with a smile.

"I came from other places. As for the purpose, it is naturally to leave home to experience." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard the words. After all, he knew that although Qing Wen's words were presumptuous, they had no other meaning.

"I wonder if little brother knows about the Ghost Moon Well above the Ghost King Ridge?" Seeing Xiao Yan preparing to leave, Qing Wen opened his mouth.

"You said it before."

"I don't know what the mystery is about this Ghost King Well." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also stopped with interest.

"Ghost King Well, there is a legend."

"It is said that as long as you look at the mouth of the well on the night of the full moon in the dark moon, you will be able to see the appearance of the person you love in your life."

"Our Ghost King City has been established for thousands of years, and this legend has been confirmed by every generation."

"And now is the cloudy moon, and the night of the full moon is coming soon." Qing Wen said slowly.

"Is there such a magical place?" Xiao Yan heard this, and he was also looking forward to it.

"And most importantly, this Ghost King Well can also compress the Dou Qi sea and condense the Dou Core, which is the only way to advance to Dou Immortal!" The next moment, seeing Xiao Yan still unmoved, Qing Wen threw it out. A shocking news.