Chapter Vol 2 700: Burning Judgment Stage 1, Burning Body!

"It's time." Xiao Yan closed his eyes for a long time, and then he regained the power he had previously consumed in the mysterious space.

I don't know why, in this holy flame space, Xiao Yan's strength has been vaguely enhanced!

Xiao Yan's strength was only in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, but in the Holy Flame Space, his strength was abruptly upgraded to the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation!

Even the speed of recovering Dou Qi is more than three times faster than the outside world!

"This time, let me see how powerful the follow-up Incense Burning is!" Xiao Yan said with anticipation.

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he slowly moved the burning Jue in the gas.

"Hehe, this kid, he has finally conquered the real holy flame, and he is going to start using Burning Jue to evolve."

"At first, I thought he couldn't discover the ambition of the Holy Flame Spirit, but now it seems that this kid not only improved his strength during my sleep, but his temperament also became much stronger."

"But that Long Yi also fell into a deep sleep. This is unexpected. It seems that it is not so easy to obtain this holy flame..." In the ring, the figure of the Golden Dragon King slowly said to himself, But there was a hint of comfort in the voice.

Compared with before the retreat, the breath of the Golden Dragon King is undoubtedly one in the sky and one in the ground.

"The first time that guy in Tuoshe used the holy flame to evolve the Burning Jue is still vivid in his mind. If this guy can't bear it..." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, there was a trace of doubt in his voice, and then he quietly lurked. Watching Xiao Yan's every move in Xiao Yan's body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Fire Heart Tianyan!"

"Give it to me!" Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and then a dazzling source of holy flame energy directly emerged from Xiao Yan's chest from the holy flame crystal in his hand.

Such a dazzling power of flame is the source of holy flame!

Don't look at this mere khaki flame, if this flame is not prepared, I am afraid that ordinary Dou Di strong can say that burning becomes nothingness!

"I hope you don't let me down." Xiao Yan muttered to himself, and then directly swallowed the source of the holy flame!

Since you want to use the power of holy flame to evolve Burning Jue, that's the only way!

Devour the source of holy flame, and then use his own control to face Fen Jue, let Fen Jue absorb it, and complete the evolution!

Xiao Yan directly swallowed the power of holy flame, and then the fighting qi in his body surged frantically, all of which were directed at the deepest part of his body!

"Boom boom boom!" Fen Jue was motivated by so much fighting qi in a short period of time, and immediately made a very happy voice, and then without hesitation, he directly devoured the source of holy flame!

"Shabu Shabu!!!" Fen Jue had already evolved once before when Xiao Yan devoured Sheng Yan, but that time, the evolution was not complete, so Fen Jue was not allowed to truly evolve!

The Burning Judgment is divided into six

But now the full version of Huoxin Tianyan has the ability to make the real Fenjue evolve!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying holy flame power and vindictive fluctuations were continuously absorbed by Fen Jue, and then on top of the Fen Jue, scenes full of mysterious runes appeared in the depths of Xiao Yan's heart!

Although Xiao Yan could not understand these patterns, he knew from his heart that these things were definitely not ordinary things!

"Burning Jue! There are six realms! One is Burning Jue, burning the foundation! The second is Burning Jue, burning the soul! The third is Burning Jue, burning the **! The fourth is burning the sky! The fifth is burning the earth! "Xiao Yan still clearly remembers the voice that appeared in his heart when he obtained the full version of Burning Jue.

It's just that swallowing the holy flame has made Fen Jue evolve, but from the beginning to the end, Xiao Yan knew that Fen Jue had not yet stepped into the first realm!

Thinking about it now, the reason why Fen Jue did not enter the first realm by swallowing the holy flame before was largely due to the incompleteness of the original power of the holy flame!

When it devoured Huoxin Tianyan back then, some of the original power of the holy flame was taken away by Xinyan, which is why the current scene appeared.

"Don't care." Xiao Yan gave up thinking, and then directly collided with Fen Jue with the complete power of the Holy Flame in his body!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two touched, the incomparably violent holy flame power suddenly flowed through Xiao Yan's body!

"Ah ah ah!" Xiao Yan screamed in an instant!

At this time, Xiao Yan's whole body was wrapped in khaki holy flame, and the power of holy flame was constantly flowing in Xiao Yan's body, soul realm, battle qi sea, and limbs and bones in his body!

"Damn..." Xiao Yan endured the pain, and his eyes were already red.

"A mere holy flame!"

"I don't believe it, if you can't subdue you!"

"Quiet me down!" Xiao Yan suddenly shouted, and Fen Jue constantly produced some flame fighting energy in his body, and then slowly eroded the power of Sheng Yan's source!

The strange thing is that the power of the source of the holy flame is for self-preservation or for various purposes, and it quickly flees at the first moment of Fen Duel's fighting qi, as if the holy flame will swallow him directly!

"Ah ah ah..." The screams kept echoing in the holy flame space.

"This kid, he actually passed through the first burning body so easily." The Golden Dragon King said with some humor.

Although Xiao Yan was tossed to and fro by the power of holy flame, Xiao Yan's body strength was undoubtedly increasing at an astonishing strength.

The Golden Dragon King clearly remembered that when the ancient emperor Tuoshe entered the first burning body, he almost fell. The difference between the two can be seen from this.

Among the three mountain ranges of Luoling Mountain.

"Qinxin, Mu Yingying, are you all right?" Xiong Yuan just appeared with a naive look, and his eyes were on seeing the two girls on the top of Wuliang Mountain.

Seeing that the two girls didn't seem to be hurt, Xiong Yuan hurriedly spoke.

"We're fine, it's just..."

"Xiao Yan seems to have disappeared with the King of Infinite Mountains." Qin Xin shook her head slightly.

At the last moment, Qinxin only found that the weak Lord of the Infinite Mountain and Xiao Yan had both disappeared here As for where they went, it was unknown.

"Disappeared?" Hearing this, Mu Xuzi couldn't help but feel tight, and a feeling of something bad spread throughout his body!

Xiao Yan is now the treasure of their Human Palace. If there is any loss, he is a sinner in the Human Palace. Moreover, Elder Zhu has high regard for Xiao Yan and will not let him off easily!

"How did they disappear?" Mu Xuzi asked hesitantly.

The strength of the Lord of Boundless Mountain is comparable to that of Xiong Yuanmu and Xuzi. If this Xiao Yan is really taken away by the Lord of Boundless Mountain, then...

"do not know……"

"But I can feel that he's fine." Mu Yingying made a slight noise and then said.

In Mu Yingying's hand, the ring contained the body, magic core and even blood of the five-element beast.

Qinxin didn't want these things, so Mu Yingying accepted them unceremoniously. Although she didn't know what Xiao Yan wanted to do, Mu Yingying knew from her previous expression that these things were definitely important to Xiao Yan.

"Hey, let's go first, the Spirit of Rainfall has disappeared, and I'm afraid this place is about to disappear." After a careful inspection of the surroundings, he found nothing, so Xiong Yuan had no choice but to say.

"Let's go, let's go." Mu Xuzi shook his head and said immediately.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Deputy Hall Master." Just when the four of Mu Xuzi were about to leave Luoling Mountain, a hearty laughter slowly appeared.

Ask for tickets!