Chapter Vol 4 885: Enter the underground palace!

"Squeak." At this time, in a fairly quiet wooden house in Xuanling City, several familiar voices slowly appeared here.

"Junior Earth Hall Zheng Zhen, I've seen all the seniors!" A well-proportioned man slowly pushed open the door, then looked at the many strong men in the wooden house, and immediately opened his mouth.

"Sit anywhere, family, you're welcome." Fen Tian sat in the center of the wooden house and said directly.

At this time, in the wooden house, there are two old people of heaven and earth, Ling Mengsheng, the master of the earth hall, Qing Lao, the deputy head of the heaven hall, Mu Xuzi, the deputy head of the human hall, plus Fen Tian and Zhu Jin, there are a total of seven people.

"How's it going?" Seeing Zheng Zhen coming in from this hall, many strong people couldn't help but say!

This Zheng Zhen is impressively the details of how the Burning Incense Pavilion broke into the Xuanling Imperial House!

"Pavilion Master, with my ability, I only know that there are at least two Immortal Fighters on the seventh floor of the underground palace."

"One is a powerhouse in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal who was invited by the Xuanling Royal Family at a high price, and guards the sixth floor of the underground palace. It seems that there is a price that makes people jealous in the sixth floor, so the Xuanling Royal Family did not hesitate to At the price, we sent out fighting immortals to guard."

"And the seventh floor is guarded by the father of the current King Xuanling, Elder Xuan, and his strength has reached the middle stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal." Zheng Zhen said solemnly to the people in front of him.

"If you are a one-star Dou Xian in the early stage and a one-star Dou Xian in the middle stage, I alone are enough, but I just don't know the relationship between the Xuanling royal family and Solomon or other forces..." Fen Tian opened his mouth slightly after hearing the words.

"do not know."

"The Xuanling royal family's attitude towards Solomon has changed drastically recently, so it will no longer have anything to do with Solomon."

"But according to my guess, the Xuanling royal family should have found a stronger partner than Solomon." Zheng Zhen thought for a while, then spoke.

"What about the other powers in the underground palace?" The two elders of heaven and earth said at this time.

"As for their strength here, the weakest is also Mu Xuzi, who has an eight-star Dou Emperor consummation. As for the young and old, he is also a strong person who has stepped into the realm of Rank Nine. In the face of a semi-immortal strong man, he can also deal with it for a while without any problem.

There are also Zhu Jin with the strength of a half immortal and Fen Tian with the strength of a two-star fighting immortal.

"The underground palace is intricate, even I know not many."

"But according to our current strength, if there is no accident, there should be no problem in rescuing Yanchi." Zheng Zhen said.

"In that case, let's go."

"When the time comes, adapt accordingly." Fen Tian also knew that Fenxiang Pavilion had already dispatched a lot of power at this time. If even the small underground palace of Xuanling royal family could not break through, it would be too much of a joke.

"Let's go, I'll take you." Zheng Zhen said, and then he directly said.

Following Zheng Zhen's exit, everyone at the top of the Incense Pavilion nodded slightly.

This guy Zheng Zhen is definitely trustworthy. After all, this guy was cultivated by the strong people in the Fenxiang Pavilion, and now his strength has reached the level of the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor.

"Zhizhizhi." Zheng Zhen left the wooden house and immediately transformed himself into a high-ranking official, while Fen Tian and his group, after a simple transformation, became unrecognizable by others.

"Stop!" With so many people around Zheng Zhen, it would inevitably lead to misunderstandings by others.

When Zheng Zhen came to the gate of the underground palace, the guard called directly to Zheng Zhen.

As for Fen Tian, ​​the powerhouse, although he noticed that the strongest guard here is only at the level of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, but this place is very close to the Xuanling royal family, and it is also the entrance to the underground palace. Is there any powerhouse secretly hiding? Hidden, so there is no rush to do it.

"General Feng, what's up?"

"Even my people have to be stopped?" Zheng Zhen immediately laughed when he heard the words, but when Zheng Zhen said the three words General Feng, his voice increased significantly.

"It turned out to be Lord Zheng." The man who was called General Feng by Zheng Zhen heard the words and laughed instantly, his original seriousness disappeared immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It is no wonder that General Feng is like this. He is at best a thug of the Xuanling royal family, but Zheng Zhen in front of him is different. This guy is not only young, but also outstanding in strength and appearance. He is deeply loved by Xuanling King. Doted on, and King Xuanling's little princess is also very close to him, so the future is naturally unlimited, and General Feng does not dare to offend this character if he has ten courage.

"I don't know why Master Zheng came here today?" General Feng glanced at so many people behind him, and immediately couldn't help but ask.

"At the will of my king, come to the underground palace to take something." Zheng Zhen lowered his voice slightly and said in a tone that only General Feng could hear.

"It doesn't take so many people to fetch things..." General Feng was shocked. Although the strength of the people in front of him was mediocre, General Feng's intuition for many years, these people are definitely not simple.

"The thing is a bit big, so my king just sent me some people to carry it." Zheng Zhen seemed to have expected it a long time ago, and he said it without hesitation.

"Master Zheng, Xuanling City is in a troubled season recently. You can enter alone, these people."

"I can't put it on I'm sorry." General Feng hesitated for a while, and said directly through gritted teeth.

Zheng Zhen in front of him really couldn't afford to offend him, but if he let these people in rashly, I'm afraid something went wrong, and his fate would be...

"Don't worry, I won't embarrass you." Zheng Zhen didn't want to get angry with General Feng, after all, he knew that General Feng also acted impartially.

"Here." Not much, Zheng Zhen took out a golden token directly from the palm of his hand.

Above the token, there is a slowly surrounding golden color, and above the golden token, a conspicuous mysterious character stands quietly.

As soon as the token came out, General Feng's face became extremely strange!

"It's actually King Xuanling's gold medal!" General Feng was extremely shocked!

The group of them is to serve King Xuanling, and King Xuanling said that seeing this token is like seeing King Xuanling himself.

"Hey, Master Zheng."

"Everyone, please." After a while, General Feng said with a smile.

Since this group has the token of King Xuanling in their hands, there must be no suspicion and they will let them go.

Zheng Zhen directly led the group into the underground palace, but when everyone was about to enter the underground palace, Fen Tian, ​​who had changed his face, suddenly gave a weird laugh.

"Strange, the token that flashed just now is clearly King Xuanling's gold medal, what's wrong..." General Feng shook his head, and then started to patrol slowly, and Fen Tian and his party went well. into the underground palace.