Chapter Vol 4 1227: Refine, devour!

"Refining for me!" Seeing the three-eyed ghost pupils who gave up their resistance and stood quietly in the void, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, just sat cross-legged and closed his eyes. At that time, a huge soul force would accompany Sheng Yan. 's package, refining it to the three-eyed ghost pupil!

The power of the soul and the power of the holy flame are refined together, and no matter how tyrannical these three-eyed ghost pupils are, it is inevitable that they will fall.

After being attacked by Xiao Yan's ethereal tears, the three-eyed ghost pupil is already on the verge of death, but if you want to swallow it, you must use the power of holy flame to refine the three pupils into the purest soul source, otherwise if you directly swallow the three-eye Ghost Eye, let alone Xiao Yan, even the Master of Soul Eater would explode and die in an instant.

"Easy first, then difficult." Xiao Yan was not in a hurry, now that the winning ticket was in his hands, all he needed was a matter of time.

As soon as the voice fell, the dazzling power of the soul and the power of holy flame directly wrapped the dark blue pupil of the first eye, and slowly refined it.

It's strange to say that after the power of the soul and the power of the holy flame had just wrapped the dark blue pupil of the first eye, the first eye actually melted quickly, and even faintly turned into a touch of the origin of the soul!

The refining of the power of the soul and the power of holy flame is really not comparable to ordinary flames.

"This guy has really grown up a lot." Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Soul Eater couldn't help but show a rare smile. Originally, he felt that the three-eyed ghost pupil was so tyrannical, I am afraid he needed to take action himself, but What he didn't expect was that Xiao Yan actually resolved himself. Although this resolution could not avoid the three holy flames in his body, it was enough to make the Soul Eater Lord, who had always had a very high vision, a little touched.

"Forget it, this kid's growth rate is a bit beyond my expectations. After he has swallowed the three-eyed ghost pupil and advanced to the fairyland soul, it's time to see my subordinates."

"The first three floors of Ice and Fire Island..."

"But that Demon of Light and the Lord of Li Soul, I am afraid there are some shameful things. I always feel that the holy flame in the hands of the Lord of Li Soul seems to have something to do with the Demon of Light. I am afraid it is not easy." The Lord of Soul Eater himself A man stood quietly in the ring and muttered to himself.

"Crash!" The power of the Three Sacred Flames far exceeded Xiao Yan's imagination, and it took only a quarter of an hour for the first sight to be completely refined.

"Huhu." Seeing that the first sight of the original three-eyed ghost pupil was transformed into a soul source of crystal silver and antimony, Xiao Yan couldn't help but form a smile on the corner of his mouth.

Such a pure soul source is more powerful than any soul source Xiao Yan has absorbed in the past, but this power is obviously not enough for Xiao Yan to break through the fairyland soul, but don't forget that this is only the first sight, there are two more. There is no refining!

At that time, combined with the power of the three-eyed ghost pupil, I am afraid that the promotion to the fairyland will also be a matter of course!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Second sight!"

"It won't be too late to devour after the third eye has been refined. That way, it will be better to grasp it." Xiao Yan said to himself, and after speaking, Zaidu refined and left for the second eye.

On the other hand, the second eye seemed to sense that the first eye had been completely refined, and it radiated a trace of fear. Just when he wanted to escape, it was wrapped in Xiao Yan's holy flame and slowly began to refine.

Originally, the three-eyed ghost pupil was naturally invincible, but under the pressure and destruction of Xiao Yan Shengyan, the three-eye at this time only became the target of being slaughtered by others.

Outside the Ice and Fire Island, the Shawu Village altar.

"Pfft!" The group was thrown out as if they were thrown directly by Xiao Yan, and then the comatose people slowly opened their pupils.

"What's going on?" Yu Xiaoye opened her pupils first, looking at the angry and serious Yu Yifeng, Thunder Snake and the extremely weak Liu Qing, she couldn't help but said.

Through her observation, she suddenly found that Xiao Yan was gone!

Even Jade Legacy and Thunder Snake's fighting qi became unstable in their bodies, and Liu Qing's breath became extremely weak. Intuition told her that something must have happened.

"Captain Yu, I want to go in and save him!" At the next moment, there was a trace of blood in Razer's eyes, and he stared at Yu Yifeng and said.

"asshole!"

"We have suffered heavy losses on this trip. Let's go back first and take the two of them to Dongzhou." Yu Yifeng's eyes flickered with a heavy look, and then he shook his head and said.

Obviously, even if he is as powerful as a jade legacy, in that kind of life-and-death crisis, I am afraid he is not as calm as Xiao Yan, let alone the last sentence, you go first.

"team leader!"

"Three-eyed ghost pupil is so tyrannical, Xiao Yan will die!"

"Although I, Razer, are not a big man, I give up on my companions. I can't do it." Razer said word by word.

"I know!"

"Land Monkey, Shuiyue, the two of you follow me in to save Xiao Yan!"

"Razer, you stay here to protect Liu Qing and Xiaoye!"

"Go!" Yu Yifeng said helplessly, and then directly ordered.

"No!" Before Razer could speak, the three of Yu Yifeng moved and walked directly towards the center of the altar, which was the entrance of the original Ice and Fire Island.

"Crash!" Unexpectedly, the crowd just came to the central passage, but they were not sucked into it, and even an extremely tyrannical repulsive force directly sent the three figures flying out!

"Bang bang bang!" The three of them flew out, and then Yu Yifeng spurted out a mouthful of blood. Obviously, he suffered serious internal injuries when dealing with Sanmu Guitong.

"team leader!"

"Second Uncle!" A hurried voice sounded slowly, and then Yu Xiaoye and Lei Snake walked away against Yu Feng.

"The entrance to the Ice and Fire Island is no longer here We can't get in." Yu Yifeng sat up with a butt, wiped a few bloodstains on his palms, and opened his mouth slightly.

"But Xiao Yan he..." Razer clenched his fists tightly upon hearing this.

"Xiao Yan seems to have a good relationship with the Qing family in Ghost King City. Send someone to get in touch."

"In addition, call the strong family members and monitor them on the periphery of Icefire Island. Once there is any movement, report them as soon as possible, and the entrusted matter must be told to the family."

"Once Xiao Yan comes out alive, he will be our Yu family's friend for life." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, he immediately got up, his eyes became deep, and he muttered.

"Yes, Captain." The Razers nodded slightly when they heard the words, and that's all there is to it at this time.

"There are still two years before the ratio of Dongzhou..."

"Let's go to Dongzhou first." Yu Yifeng was still unwilling and glanced in the direction of Icefire Island, and then he didn't stop, and directly led everyone towards Dongzhou.

As for the wicked little girl Luyin on the tenth floor, she left secretly as soon as she came out.

"Huhu."

"These three-eyed ghost pupils really live up to their reputation. It took me a full month to refine the three-eyes."

"Next, it's time to harvest." Xiao Yan murmured slowly, then his pupils suddenly opened, his aura suddenly soared to the peak of the initial stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, and then he stared intently at the palm-sized crystal silver and antimony in front of him. group.

This energy group is the purest soul source extracted from the three-eyed ghost pupil. Whether it can be promoted to the fairyland soul depends on it!