Chapter Vol 4 1238: Plan and go!

"This guy, he doesn't take time too seriously..." Time unknowingly, after six months passed, the ghostly soul child who was not in a hurry also hurried.

After all, there is still half a year, and it is time to reach the ratio of Dongzhou. In addition to going from Icefire Island to Dongzhou to participate in the ratio of Dongzhou, it takes a lot of time along the way. If Xiao Yan refuses to leave the customs, when If the ratio of Dongzhou is wrong, I am afraid that their plan will be in vain.

"What's the hurry?" Seeing this, Soul Eater couldn't help shouting angrily.

"But..." Gloomy Soul looked at the Master of Soul Eater and snorted lightly, but there was no sound.

"Xiao Yan, this guy is measured."

"And he won't fall even if he devours the fighting soul and cultivates the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God... I have a hunch that he will be out soon," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

After the two of them finished speaking, they calmed down.

The blood pool on the fifth floor of Ice and Fire Island.

"Huhu, it's almost time to change the Dragon God No. 1 to control." Xiao Yan slowly got up and said quite happily.

Half a year ago, I just practiced the first transformation of the Dragon God. The first transformation of the Dragon God can indeed increase the defense and physical strength, but the duration is limited and there are some drawbacks that Xiao Yan did not find, but fortunately, Xiao Yan did not find it during the nearly half a year. After groping day and night, it was almost the same as turning Dragon God No. 1 into control.

"It's time to go too." Xiao Yan got up and tidyed up and opened his mouth slightly, but was startled by a movement.

The source of this movement was Xiao Yan, because Xiao Yan's physical strength was quite tyrannical at this time, he did not notice that if he was not careful, a trace of strength would overflow and go out of the blood pool, thus disturbing others. biology.

"Who broke into my territory?" A roar resounded suddenly, but it only made Xiao Yan's scalp tingle. Obviously, based on the source of the sound, this creature is extremely powerful!

"Isn't it... This soul barrier is about to be broken?" And the movement just now disturbed the guardians of the fifth floor. After such a roar, the soul power that originally protected Xiao Yan's hidden figure also dissipated a lot in an instant. There are faint signs of disappearance.

And here is the fifth floor of Icefire Island. Xiao Yan doesn't have to think about it to know that the guardians here are definitely not what he can handle now.

"There is movement!"

"I'll pick him up!" He noticed that the soul force protecting Xiao Yan was slowly creeping, and the ghostly soul disappeared immediately.

"What a human being!"

"What kind of magic trick did you use to infiltrate my territory!" The guardian of the fifth floor hid in the dark and roared at Xiao Yan.

"This guy is so strong." With the spirit barrier that was about to disappear, Xiao Yan did not retreat, but his eyes only became solemn!

The guy in front of him, even if his strength broke through the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, it would be extremely difficult to face.

"Turn it into my food!" The guardian on the fifth floor was covered in yellow sand, making it impossible to tell what he looked like. He directly opened his **** mouth and devoured it towards Xiao Yan.

"Fight!" And when Xiao Yan saw this, he didn't sit still. The first transformation of the Dragon God was directly displayed, and even the undead ghost fighting spirit was directly attached to his body. The two tyrannical forces were enough not to let Xiao go. Yan was killed in seconds.

"Sorry, I'm late." An apology slowly appeared, and before the attack of the guardians on the fifth floor arrived, Xiao Yan's figure flickered and disappeared.

"Damn it..." The guardian on the fifth floor obviously didn't know the situation on the first floor, so he could only complain helplessly.

"The Undying Nether Sparrow Fighting Soul, the first transformation of the Dragon God, the strength of the two-star Fighting Immortal in the early stage."

"With so many means, even if you don't use holy flame, you can probably deal with many difficult enemies."

"It seems that this trip to Ice and Fire Island has yielded a lot." The Master of Soul Eater saw the two of them appear, and instantly discovered the abnormality on Xiao Yan's body, and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Master, the prize is over." Xiao Yan watched the crisis resolved, and then slowly put away the fighting spirit, and the first change of the Dragon God was taken back.

However, Xiao Yan was secretly delighted. With the addition of the first change of the Dragon God, Xiao Yan was afraid that it would be possible for Xiao Yan to truly be able to fight beyond the ranks.

"Okay, things are pretty much dealt with now, we should go too." The Lord of Soul Eater glanced at the seal that imprisoned the ghost son, and said slowly.

"Master, are you not saving Senior Ghost Soul?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled when he heard this.

After all, Xiao Yan could see it. Ghost Soul is loyal to the Master of Soul Eater, and he is even more powerful at the level of Six Star Fighting Immortals. With such a tyrannical subordinate, the Master of Soul Eater should not die.

"It's too simple for you to think."

"Anything whose strength exceeds the strength of the four-star fighting immortals is recorded in the hands of their respective powers in the seven realms, and the power of the six-star fighting immortals like Ghost Soul Son is not to mention the tyrannical power of the imprisoned seal, and there are many strong people who are secretly vigilant and supervising. , once there is any situation with the seal here, those powerhouses who are hidden in the dark will come as soon as possible."

"I want to save him and go with me, but those strong men are too difficult for me now." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sir Xiao Yan is interested, but don't worry, after waiting for the master and you to leave, I will use the power given to me by the master to break through the seal, so as to return to Soul Devouring Realm and plan this time." Ghost Soul said with a smile.

However, this guy Xiao Yan still more or less touched Gloomy Soul. After all, he cared so much about people not long after we met.

"Well, let's go first." The Lord of Soul Eater nodded solemnly, because he knew that his origin was damaged, and only that thing could be restored, and the next thing, the ratio of East Continent and Four Continents Compared, I am afraid it will not be simple. After all, this Yinhuntian is the top territory under Lihunyu There are many talents here, and it is not easy to win the championship.

"Respectfully send the master." Ghost Soul's soul power slowly dissipated, and then he watched Xiao Yan and Soul Eater's two figures slowly dissipating.

And with the fall of this scene, the entire Ice and Fire Island also returned to quiet.

"Puff."

"I've finally left Icefire Island. The guardians in Icefire Island are too strong." Xiao Yan exited Icefire Island and was directly teleported to the entrance of the altar in Shawu Village. He said slowly.

"Hey, boy, what is this?"

"You have to remember that you are a descendant of the Xiao Clan. Although the spirit beasts in Icefire Island are powerful, they are not qualified to guard the gate of the Xiao Clan." After leaving Icefire Island, the Soul Eater said with a smile.

"The next time, there are still half a year, let's go to the East Continent first, I hope time is too late." Xiao Yan nodded to the Lord of Soul Eater, then put it in the collection ring, staring into the distance and said .

Xiao Yan was also a little helpless. He had wasted a year and a half in the blood pool. Although he had gained a lot, if he missed the opportunity to participate in the competition of Dongzhou, it would be tantamount to losing sesame seeds and watermelons.

Just as Xiao Yan slowly paced away from Shawu Village a few miles away, there was a shocking scene in the Ice and Fire Island.

"In half a day, the master and the others should have also left here..."

"After so many years, it's time to leave here." And on the first floor of Icefire Island, a touch of terrifying oppression that shook the world slowly radiated out.