Chapter Vol 4 2182: Level 2 and Level 4!

"Baxia Dragon King?"

In the void, a cyan energy was constructed into a figure and walked out leisurely. Every step, countless parasites and dark energy collapsed and collapsed instantly, without any hesitation and struggle.

The blood-colored windbreaker buzzing behind the blood-clothed centipede, seems to be because of the appearance of the old rival of the Dragon King Baxia, and a deep fear surfaced.

The Baxia Dragon King, one of the nine dragon kings of the Dragon Clan, is said to have strength comparable to the Sixth Reincarnation Rank, and his divine might is unrivaled.

He once defeated countless evil gangsters in the first World War. After the war was over, he was jointly suppressed by the foreign evil clan. With his two red king steps, he barely suppressed the seriously injured Baxia Dragon King.

Countless years have passed, and the other king has long since vanished, leaving only the weakest of the two, Houzun in blood.

"It's just a trace of energy, so what if you show up?"

"The combination of your body and origin is the real sixth-level. Now, looking at it separately, your strength is only at the fifth-level. In addition, the lower-level body has already been corroded so badly that the fourth-level can't be reached. ."

"How to fight with me?"

"Chichi."

The Blood Clothed Centipede spoke coldly, his voice was extremely flat and not alarmed, but the fear and horror in his words seemed to be even bigger.

"Blood-clothed centipede, you're right."

"However, you underestimated my plan and... the power of the Holy Flame Controller."

The blue-shirted man transformed by the Dragon King Baxia laughed, his voice was indifferent, but it caused the evil power in the blood-robed centipede to tumble.

"Is it……"

"Death to this deity!"

Listening to the words of the Dragon King Baxia, the blood-robed centipede suddenly moved, disappeared on the throne in an instant, the void shattered and twisted, and appeared behind Xiao Yan at the same moment, with a chilling evil spirit, he took the lead, trying to kill Xiao Yan here.

"Sisi."

With such a terrifying speed, even Xiao Yan was unable to react. Cold sweat broke out on his back, and the amber flames were automatically protected uncontrollably, and the power of the devil was about to move.

"die!"

The blood palm with blood-colored fine lines lingering, like a death god, shot at Xiao Yan!

This kind of terrifying power exerted the full strength of the blood-clothed centipede, and I am afraid that the ordinary four-fold reincarnation can only fall down sadly.

"Blood-clothed centipede, you are too naive."

The attack of destroying the sky and destroying the earth came to Xiao Yan and could kill Xiao Yan in a blink of an eye, but Xiao Yan smiled strangely.

Xiao Yan's arm was instantly covered with endless dazzling blue dragon scales, he lifted it up, grasped the attack of the blood-robed centipede, and an intriguing gloomy smile was drawn on the corner of his mouth.

"Are you a human or a ghost!!!"

Feeling this familiar aura and voice, the blood-robed centipede hurriedly backed away, but there was confusion in his mind.

Suddenly looking up, the figure of the man in the blue shirt above disappeared without a trace!

"I am the tyrant, and the tyrant is me."

"Of course, you can also call me... a descendant of the Xiao clan."

Xiao Yan smashed the blood-colored evil energy at will, and immediately raised his sleeves, but his aura had undergone an earth-shaking change from before, and the man in the blue shirt in the dark realm disappeared cleanly.

"You actually absorbed that bit of power from the Dragon King Tyrant?"

At this moment, the blood-clothed Hou's expression finally became solemn, Xiao Yan's power was no longer the original Eight Star Fighting Immortal, but worthy of reincarnation!

Double Reincarnation Stage!

The energy of the man in the blue shirt left behind by the Dragon King Baxia was injected into Xiao Yan's body, which actually made his strength temporarily reach the second level of reincarnation!

With the two double reincarnations, the presence of the Buddha's light and the blessing of the holy flame, the blood-robed centipede's face couldn't help but turn gloomy.

"Blood-clothed centipede, on behalf of the Dragon King, I will kill you completely today."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the blue dragon scales on his body continued to overflow. The ancient and vast fluctuations made the blood-robed centipede's face extremely ugly.

The cyan tortoise shell behind him bloomed with an endless cyan halo, protecting the two of them from the invasion of dark forces, Xiao Yan raised his palm, and an extremely terrifying aura emerged.

Like a terrifying aura that covers the sky and the sun, above Xiao Yan's head, a huge and boundless shadow of the tyrant's soul circling, the power contained in it is indescribable!

That level of power not only possessed Xiao Yan's own power, but also contained an indescribable terrifying power.

Overpower the power of the Dragon King!

The blessing of the two powers makes this level of attack extremely dazzling.

"It seems that I really underestimate you."

"But I want to use this method to kill the deity..."

"Just try!"

"The Bloody Underworld!"

The blood-colored energy that covered the sky and the sun roared out together, wailing all over the place, suffocating the mind.

"The Red King Rank is really extraordinary."

"But that's it."

"The body of the tyrant, wake up!"

"Boom!"

A deafening voice sounded, and the blue divine light was densely covered, and the entire space became restless.

As soon as the voice fell, the Soul Shadow of Ba Xia above Xiao Yan's head suddenly trembled, and then the speed skyrocketed, flying towards the real Ba Xia's body outside!

Even if the two powerhouses of the double reincarnation level join forces today, they may not be able to resist the blood-clothed centipede. Only by fully awakening and controlling the lower body can there be a chance of life.

After all, Baxia's body is the body of the Baxia Dragon King. The breath power contained in it can be used to kill a fourth-order blood-clothed centipede, which is naturally not difficult.

"You bastard!"

The blood-robed centipede roared, and several kinds of energy evil shadows around his body violently roared out, turning into rushing evil starlights, flickering towards Baxia's soul shadow, trying to prevent it from hitting Baxia's body.

After Xiao Yan absorbed that little bit of power, his strength became extremely terrifying Now he is using the power of the Baxia Dragon King as a guide, trying to awaken Baxia's body!

Baxia's body has the terrifying power of destroying the sky and destroying the earth. It took them two red king ranks to barely imprison and seal the seriously injured Baxia Dragon King!

Now, if Baxia's body is completely awake, Guangguang may not be able to handle it with his own fourth-order!

Thinking of this, countless harsh voices emerged from the surrounding dark realm, and black pillars containing evil lines emerged.

"Puff puff!"

The blue-colored Baxia's soul shadow trembled, setting off a huge blue curtain of tens of thousands of feet here, carrying a powerful blow, and roaring away at the countless parasites that were corroding Baxia's body!

Above the soul shadow, the azure brilliance is as majestic as a god, and there is a faint whisper of a dragon's roar, and the whole world is completely turbulent!

Under this kind of power, the dark parasites attached to Ba Xia's body stretched out unconsciously, and a strong sense of horror emerged.

"Shabu Shabu!"

Immediately, countless dark currents gathered together, fell off the lower body of the tyrant, and rushed to inject into the blood-colored windbreaker of the blood-robed centipede.

Without the gnawing of these dark parasites, Ba Xia's body finally showed a hint of blue light, but some evil aura was obviously left on Ba Xia's body.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: