Chapter Vol 4 1391: Soul Palace Soul Guard!

"Let's go now... it's too late!" Duan Tianyan snorted coldly after turning into a black mist, and immediately focused his attention on Duan Qifei and Xiao Yan.

Of the two of them, one is the controller of the holy flame, the other is the reincarnation person, and their strength is only two-star Douxian Perfection. It is naturally easier to kill them than to deal with Du Tianhong.

The next moment, a group of dazzling energy suddenly stretched out from the black mist, and immediately turned into a black palm, whistling away towards Xiao Yan and Du Qifei.

The giant black hand just appeared extremely weak, and then it swelled hundreds of feet in an instant, with the size of a hundred feet. On its palm, countless dense black lines emerged at a slow speed. With the blessing of this mysterious rune, The power of this black palm is undoubtedly a higher level!

"Boom!" The attack of the half-step five-star fighting immortal powerhouse was far beyond what Xiao Yan and Duo Qifei could handle in terms of speed and power. Before they could react, the attack came to them.

"Lei Suo Celestial Burial!" A blood red appeared in Duan Tianhong's pupils, and his expression was extremely strange. From the beginning to the end, he never thought that the traitor of Forging Dao Lei Gu would actually be the Vice Gu who is as strong as a half-step five-star fighting immortal. Lord, forcibly endure the injury in the body, and take action.

"Crash!" Although Duan Tianhong was injured from the battle with Youhuan just now, he couldn't care too much at this moment. The dazzling silver thunder suddenly burst out from the body, and then swept out of the sky. In the middle, it was engraved into an incomparably huge milky white silver mirror, which suddenly attacked the resistance against Du Tianyan's black palm.

"Boom boom boom!" The two just collided, and suddenly circles of silver thunder and strange black gas suddenly spread out from the center of the explosion. Affected by this fluctuation, even Samsung Dou Xian would probably turn into powder in an instant!

"What's going on?" Du Qifei was at a loss at this time, apparently not knowing what the situation was.

"It's too late to explain..."

"Let's go!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's khaki-colored holy flames emerged in his body. With the addition of soul power and vindictive energy, the three powers were added to his body. Under the black mist, he seemed extremely weak, but it was too late to explain. Not to mention the five-star fighting immortal powerhouse, even the battle of the four-star fighting immortal powerhouse is not something they can handle. Their top priority now is to leave here and not increase the pressure on Du Tianhong.

Xiao Yan believed that without the obstruction of the foreign evil clan, Du Tianhong, who was at his peak, should have a plan of his own.

"Crash!" The black palm and the thundering silver mirror suddenly shattered, and in the space, a sense of shattered etherealness emerged one after another, which made one's heart palpitate.

"Tsk tsk... The strength of the forged knife Thunder Valley Master is really tyrannical..."

"However, this is strong outside the middle... but it won't last long." The next moment, the black mist in the sky suddenly opened its mouth, and the eerie and eerie voice filled the air. He naturally knew that Duan Tianhong was restricted by the evil clan in his body, and because he had just been with Youhuan Fighting, adding the two together, Duan Tianhong couldn't hold on for long.

When they heard this voice, Xiao Yan and Du Qifei's hearts sank, and an oppression hit.

"Humph!"

"who are you?"

"Where is my second brother?" Duan Tianhong snorted coldly and asked.

"Who am I...does it matter?"

"As for Duan Tianyan, I'm afraid it has already turned into a part of my body." From the black mist, there was an eerie and eerie sound, which was terrifying.

"Bastard!" Hearing such a voice, Duo Tianhong clenched his fists tightly, and a chilling meaning filled the air.

"Who is this guy?"

"This breath seems to be the powerhouse of the Soul Palace?" Xiao Yan and Du Qifei kept retreating, but at the moment of retreating, Xiao Yan also sensed some of the identity of Hei Wu.

"If I expected it well, this guy should be the Soul Guard of the Soul Palace." At this time, the voice of the Soul Eater also filled the air.

"Soul Palace Soul Guard?" Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help but be surprised. Although he knew that Soul Clan and Soul Palace were two forces, there must be more or less close connections between them.

"In the Soul Palace, there are many divisions of strength, and this Soul Guard is one of them. It is said that the strongest Soul Guards in the Soul Palace are all the strongest, and there are only one hand, but the weakest is also a five-star fight. Immortal level..." The Lord of Soul Eater said solemnly.

"Master, what should I do now?" Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words. Obviously, in a battle of this level, unless he did his best, he would have no chance of winning.

"Let's wait and see what happens first, the ghosts are arrested, and the soul guard of the Soul Palace appears, I am afraid that the crime will also appear..."

"For this level of battle, although it surpasses your own strength by too much, it has great benefits. Maybe you can rely on the silver lining in life and death to realize the existence of the domain..."

"After all, your holy flame space is basically a small field. As long as you take advantage of the right opportunity, the real field is at your fingertips, and after mastering the real field, it is enough to make you a bright and really big leapfrog battle... Although the field of Possessing, at least the strength is to reach the five-star fighting immortal, but you have burning determination and many mysteries, you can't use common sense to infer." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"If that's the case, then let's wait and see." Xiao Yan heard the words, and there was a trace of fiery in his heart.

Although his current strength is only a two-star perfection, but the two holy flames in his body, coupled with the fighting spirit and dragon **** transformation, and many means, even in the face of the ordinary four-star fighting immortal level of foreign evil clan, I am afraid that it is possible to have a battle. It's just that if he wants to obliterate the powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil clan, the current Xiao Yan is far from enough.

"Don't worry, you'll be down to accompany him soon!"

"Suffer to death!" A cold hum rang out, and in the black mist, a monstrous black qi emerged, and a tyrannical offensive was brewing.

"Damn!" Duan Tianhong's injuries are not light. After all, most of Youhuan's attacks are based on soul power, so it is difficult to recover in a short period of time.

"Born Soul Lock!"

"Blood Heaven!" And the soul guard in the black fog naturally sensed Duo Tianhong's subtle actions, and immediately refused to give him any way back. In the black fog, bursts of lamentations sounded, and then a full hundred meters long. The blood-colored chains suddenly emerged.

The blood-colored chains had just emerged, and suddenly in this space, a **** and gloomy fluctuation completely filled the air, and even above the blood-colored chains, the illusory human souls struggled outside, but to no avail, these souls, Impressively, it was branded on it abruptly, so that the soul was locked to form a hideous blood-colored pattern!

"It can be regarded as a kind of recognition for you to let me sacrifice the soul lock of my life..."

"Knife-forging Thunder Valley Master, take your life." In the black fog, a violent aura emerged, and then the blood-colored chain, directly under its urging, brought a terrifying power to Dutian. Hong roared away.

Wherever the chain went, the space collapsed, and a heavy emerged.

"God... thunder..."

"Damn..." Duo Tianhong originally wanted to take this attack, but he thought that his body's vindictive energy was exhausted too fast, and what puzzled him the most was the blood-colored chains!

When the blood-colored chains approached him, it seemed that the grudge in his entire body had solidified, and a chill appeared in his heart!

And the source of this peculiar power is the mysterious lines formed by those human souls on the blood-colored chains!

"ended!"

"Bound of the Blood Sky!" From the black mist, there was a heart-pounding frantic laughter, and then the blood-colored chains easily came to Du Tianhong's side, and then completely surrounded and bound his body!

"Crash!" Duo Tianhong, who was bound by the blood-colored chains, madly drained his body, and even his soul power and his own aura were wilted in an instant, but at the same time as he laughed wildly in the black mist, Duo Tianhong There was a strange smile on the corner of his mouth.