Chapter 509: Fight in the nest, kill Liu Quan!

"Bastard!" Liu Quan snorted loudly, and the voice of dissatisfaction spread throughout the entire black barrier!

"Song Li, Yang Wei, are you crazy?" Liu Quan dodged Yang Wei's terrifying blow, and then said in surprise.

"Where is it, the sect master, we have been serving you for so many years, you should be down." Yang Wei said slowly, but his voice was extremely strange!

"Even if I die, how will the two of you be distributed?" Liu Quan heard the words, and he said slyly.

"You don't have to worry about it!" Yang Wei said coldly, because Yang Wei found that Liu Quan's voice had just fallen, and Song Li on the side was obviously hesitant!

"Hahaha!"

"Just because the two of you want to eat me?"

"It's too stupid to talk about a dream."

"It happens that I also lack some power now. If I absorb the power of the two of you, I can't say that I can be promoted a lot... Susu." At the end, Liu Quan made a very hideous voice.

"Song Li, don't be frightened by him, this Liu Quan is now a force from the outside." Yang Wei seemed to have seen through the strangeness of Liu Quan, and immediately said.

"Strong outside and working in the middle?"

"How do you say this?" Song Li's eyes narrowed slightly.

"The Soul Shattering Card is not something that anyone can use. This Liu Quan is only the strength of the third-ranking nine-star Dou Di. He just used the Soul Shattering Card, I am afraid that nearly 70% of the power in his body will be twitched. In addition to this enchantment The ghostly energy in it has just turned into a terrifying scene, although I don't know why it was avoided by Qin Tian." Yang Wei analyzed.

"Kill!" A greedy voice slowly emerged from Song Li's mouth.

"Quick fight and quick decision. As for Liu Quan's strength, we'll talk about it at the end!" Yang Wei nodded slightly.

"Do it!" The next moment, Song Li's aura suddenly soared, and in a short time, his strength soared to the level of a perfect eight-star Dou Emperor!

"Beast!" Liu Quan, who was standing above the sky, shouted angrily, but a weak feeling spread throughout his body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sure enough!" Yang Wei was overjoyed when he saw it.

"Liu Quan, take me for a move!" Song Li's killing intent emerged, and then he suddenly shot at Liu Quan above the sky.

"Susu... that's really stupid." Seeing that Song Li was fooled, Yang Wei said in his heart, but Yang Wei didn't attack Liu Quan directly!

Because Yang Wei knew that even though Liu Quan was at the end of his shot, he still understood the fact that a dead camel was bigger than a horse.

"With the strength of your mere Eight-Star Dou Di?" Liu Quan said with disdain, and then he forcibly suppressed the weakness in his body, and then absorbed the ghost energy in the black barrier, constantly replenishing his body. The extremely dark ghosts gathered madly towards Liu Quan!

"Tear the ghost hand!" With a loud shout, Song Li's somewhat dark black energy suddenly condensed into a huge hand.

He smashed it viciously at Liu Quan!

"Boom boom boom!" The huge black palm attacked Liu Quan frantically, but when it was three feet away from Liu Quan, it stopped strangely, as if it was caused by a rather strange force!

"Go away!" Liu Quan said gloomily.

As soon as the voice fell, an extremely powerful ghost energy spread out!

"Puff puff!" Affected by the black air ripples, Song Li actually spit out a mouthful of blood.

"Bastard, how can Liu Quan have such terrifying power?" Song Li wiped the blood from the corner of his mouth, and then stared at Liu Quan above the sky.

"Go to hell!" Liu Quan stared fiercely at Song Li, a murderous intent emerged, and then the dazzling ghosts around him frantically attacked Song Li!

"Not good!" Song Li secretly said, then his speed skyrocketed and he ran away!

Because of his intuition, Song Li knew that if he was hit by Liu Quan, he would have to drag a layer of skin if he didn't die.

Just as Liu Quan was concentrating on attacking Song Li, on the ground beside him, an incomparably evil voice slowly spread through the black barrier!

"Liu Quan, it's over!"

"Destroy!" A cold snort spread across this black barrier!

As soon as Yang Wei's voice fell, a dazzling black light slowly appeared in his body, and then the speed skyrocketed, with the power of death, crashing into Liu Quan!

"Boom boom boom!" A wave of terrifying black ripples continued to emanate from the space where Liu Quan was!

The next moment, this space shrouded in black was instantly shattered because it couldn't bear such terrifying fluctuations!

"What kind of power are you...Impossible..."

"How could you..." The next moment, a wave of fear poured into Liu Quan's face!

"It's over!" Yang Wei said slowly. After speaking, he moved his figure and grabbed Liu Quan with both hands!

As the black barrier shattered, the news that Liu Quan was besieged by Song Li was naturally known to the Medusa clan.

"Sir, what should we do now?" In the underground palace, Shefu Weiwei was in the first place, replacing the blue-and-white snake's original position.

"Don't worry, you all take turns to be optimistic about the Temple of Medusa, and if there is any trouble, report it immediately!"

"I will retreat to heal the wounds of Qinghua Snake and Qingyan." After Shefu finished speaking, he slowly disappeared into the huge underground palace, leaving the leaders of the nine major tribes to look at each other.

"Let's take a step by step." The nine leaders naturally knew that this blue-and-white snake was cultivated by Shefu, and now Shefu is also slightly heartbroken.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Xuan Wanxin, are you alright?" After Qin Tian and his group escaped from the desert of death, they also returned to the Xuanling royal family by relying on the transmission of the soul power of the medicine core.

"I'm fine..." Xuan Wanxin opened his mouth slightly, the corners of his mouth were very pale, obviously the consumption just now almost consumed Xuan Lingxin's energy It's fine, we're back. "Qingmubei bit her lips slightly, and said with a little heartache.

"Pass my order down!"

"The whole city is under martial law!" After Qin Tian finished speaking, he led a group of people from the Dragon-loving Legion to retreat. Obviously, if there were no means to save lives this time, it would have been a heavy loss!

In the Xuanling Royal Family Auction House, a scantily clad woman said slowly, "It seems that the Xuanling Royal Family should have succeeded..."

"I really underestimated this dragon-loving legion." It was Blood Rose who spoke, but at this time, an extremely strong ghostly energy appeared on Blood Rose, which was extremely terrifying!

"Hey, I really don't know what happened to those little guys... I remember Yan Chi said that there seems to be something of his kind in the desert area, but that desert area has various restrictions, plus the deep Medusa The depths of the family, so few people go..."

"I hope these little guys will make great progress when they come back this time." In the depths of the desert, Lao Zhu slowly opened his mouth.

"Forget it, let's go back first, the Xuanling royal family is actually thinking like this, it seems that the plan to save Yan Chi must be advanced, otherwise once the Xuanling Emperor and a few people succeed, then it will really... " Zhu Lao finished speaking and disappeared instantly.

Ask for a recommendation!

It's finally over here. This is a big story, but I didn't grasp the rhythm well, so I ignored the hero and let him play soy sauce for twenty chapters. I'm guilty of sin, I'll improve it next time!