Chapter Vol 4 1045: Blood coagulation river!

And with the disappearance of Xiao Yan and the Gorefiend, more and more troops will gather here in the core area of ​​the Blood River.

This is an extremely vast forest. In the forest, there are lush and lush trees all over the place, which covers the forest extremely mysteriously, and in all directions of the forest, countless super sect disciples are gathered here.

Because the sect competition is nearing the end, many super sects have obtained the opportunity and want to take this opportunity to leave, the teleportation formation is in the center of the forest.

"The sect competition has come to the end." Behind an empty rock, a large group of disciples stood here, and one of the leading figures said.

"It's strange to say that, why haven't I seen the Four Heavens of the Xuanling Royal Family?" said several other figures with swords on their backs.

These two people are the big brother Jian Xin of Wanjianmen and Feng Lin of Ancient Desolate Hall.

"The restriction outside the Holy Flame Land is so strong that we didn't even enter it, but I think it has something to do with the Xuanling Royal Family and the Burning Incense Pavilion." Jian Xin said slightly.

"The Land of Holy Flame is extremely dangerous, and it can only be said that it has no fate with us."

"But we also got some other opportunities because of this." Feng Lin said with a smile.

"Eldest brother is right."

"Now that the sect competition is over, let's leave first," said outstanding disciple Feng Hong.

"Let's go."

"This time in the sect competition, I am afraid that the biggest winner will compete between the Xuanling Royal Family and the Fenxiang Pavilion. We will not mix up. I believe other super sects also have this intention." Jian Xin said slowly.

Every time the sects compete, the Xuanling Royal Family and the Fenxiang Pavilion are in a real life-and-death battle. Although other super sects also lost their disciples, the losses were extremely small.

"Let's go." After the two finished speaking, they rushed towards the center of the forest.

And as the leaders of the group headed towards the teleportation formation, the powerhouses of other super sects rushed towards it.

"Senior sister..."

"We haven't met Xiao Yan and the others, what should we do?" At the Poison Sect, Lin Chu asked the Senior Sister of the Five Poisons.

"Wanhua Pavilion is also ready to leave, let's leave first."

"These guys in Burning Incense Pavilion should have their self-confidence, and I always feel that there is something wrong with this river of blood." After the five poisons finished speaking, they rushed towards the center of the forest.

And as more and more powerhouses rushed towards the center of the forest, an extremely incredible scene slowly emerged in the center of the forest.

"How's it going?" A mysterious robe appeared on the man at the head, and a conspicuous mysterious character appeared on top of the robe.

"Return to your lord."

"The disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion and other super sects gathered around the forest. I'm afraid they are trying to use the teleportation formation to leave." The figure who just appeared said respectfully.

"Humph."

"A group of guys who are greedy for life and fear of death."

"In the previous sect competition, because our Xuanling royal family was weak, we could only attack Fenxiang Pavilion, so we couldn't kill other super disciples, but this time, it's different."

"Pass my order, the disciples of the Xuanling royal family gather and form an array!"

"This time, the entire Xuan Santian must be cheered up!"

"Susu!" the leading man said evilly.

"Yes, my lord!" The entourage respectfully agreed, and went straight to prepare.

"Lord Gorefiend, your plan is about to start."

"If Lord Gorefiend absorbs the power of countless super sect disciples and regains his strength, he will be able to help our Xuanling royal family unify Xuantian Santian!"

"But it's strange why King Xuanling didn't inform me..."

"Forget it, I will be outside, and the military orders will be unacceptable, so let's help the Gorefiend Lord first." After the man in Xuanpao finished speaking, the flickering evil aura was getting stronger. In the early stage of the Eight Star Dou Di, it has reached the limit of power in the blood river!

"It's so quiet..." Jian Xin and Feng Lin had just arrived outside the formation, and saw a huge circular formation slowly appearing, and a yellow light curtain directly shrouded it, but here The air was surprisingly quiet.

"The past teleportation formations are not like this." Jianxin said in a deep voice, and then said, for some reason, when his eyes first saw this teleportation formation covered with large and small runes, he felt inwardly. There was a chill.

"Do it, it will change later!" Although Feng Lin didn't know the reason, he still said.

"Crash!" As Feng Lin's voice just fell, the dazzling vitality of the two immediately emerged directly, and then precisely hit the light curtain of the teleportation formation. This approach is to open the teleportation formation. Law.

"This is……"

"This is not a teleportation formation!" And as the two's attack just hit the yellow light curtain of the teleportation formation, a blood-red aura suddenly filled out!

Through this blood-red aura, Feng Lin and Jian Xin both became serious now.

"Hahaha."

"Feng Lin, Jian Xin, you two are immortal." The next moment, a man in a black robe flashed directly from the center of the formation.

"Xuan Wanjin?"

"Didn't you already fall?"

"How could it be possible..." Jian Xin couldn't help but be surprised when he saw this scene.

The Xuan Wanjin in front of him was a strong man of the same era as him, and his strength was even stronger than that of the Four Heavens.

"You don't need to worry about these things."

"But unfortunately, there is something I need to tell you."

"All the disciples who entered the blood river this time will be wiped out here." But Xuan Wanxin, the man in black robe, smiled evilly.

As soon as Xuan Wanxin's voice fell, the teleportation formation filled with yellow light curtains was filled with a suffocating evil atmosphere This **** actually modified the teleportation formation..."

"This time, I'm afraid it's going to be troublesome." With the appearance of Xuan Wanjin, other super powerhouses also came here, and they all discovered Xuan Wanjin's move.

"With the strength of all of us, can we break this formation?" After a while, the voice of the Five Poisons floated towards the leader of the super sect.

"I'm afraid not..." Seeing this, everyone shook their heads one after another. They didn't know the horror of this formation, but this breath alone made everyone so timid, which was enough to show the tyranny of this formation.

"Oh...let's go back."

"This time, I'm afraid it will be a disaster for Xuan Santian." Feng Lin shook his head and said.

Following Feng Lin's words, other super sect powerhouses also retreated one after another. Obviously, this formation, even if they all joined forces, could not be broken.

"Hahaha!"

"Do not worry."

"None of the people here can escape!"

"Blood Demon Formation Diagram... Blood Coagulation River!" Looking at the many powerhouses retreating around, a trace of madness appeared on Xuan Wanjin's face, and he shouted directly.

With Xuan Wanjin doing this, the formation full of blood-red evil aura exudes an incomparably tyrannical suction, madly sucking it away in all directions!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the distant horizon, the figures of the Gorefiend and Xiao Yan also flickered towards here.