Chapter Vol 4 1879: A deal with the ancestor of Butterfly Valley!

"Little beast, don't go too far!" The whole body was wrapped in hot flames, and there were several fire dragons staring at them, and the mysterious demon's pupils were extremely angry, but there was nothing he could do.

Originally, he came with a purpose. He used two six-star Douxian Perfection disciples to stare at the younger generation of Butterfly Valley's powerhouses, and then shoved the fall of the third elder Xuanyi to Butterfly Valley, triggering a battle between the two forces. Panic, so they set up an ambush to obliterate them in the dark, but the roadblocks that were killed along the way destroyed all their plans, and even accompanied themselves in, which Xuan Yao did not expect.

"Little guy, you've done a good job, then leave it to your sister." Seeing this, Die Lan cast a charming look at Xiao Yan, and then the butterfly all over her body carried a light and mysterious power, facing Xuan Yuan. The demon attacked.

Die Lan and Xuan Yao were both in the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. With the help of Xiao Yan Huohai, it was only a matter of time before he could be subdued.

"Thank you very much." Seeing Xiao Yan let go and step aside, Die Qi hurried over and said.

"What is the strength of the strongest of Yao Xuanzong?" Xiao Yan asked.

"It's their suzerain Xuan Yuan, who is said to be a seven-star Dou Xian consummate powerhouse. He used to serve in the Myriad Demon Nation, but he was expelled for doing some illegal things." Die Qi didn't know why Xiao Yan asked this way. Dao, still said what he knew.

"Will there be an eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse?" Xiao Yan wondered, after all, now that his strength has reached the seven-star fighting immortal, the swallowing technique can no longer be performed. Today's Xiao Yan's strength is only in the early stage of the seven-star fighting immortal. All kinds of means, under the eight stars are invincible, but if you encounter the eight stars, it will be extremely difficult.

"In our demon world, if the strength reaches the level of eight-star fighting immortals, it must be under the surveillance of the powerful people in the demon country, so there will be no strong eight-star fighting immortals in the periphery of the demon country..." Die Qi said affirmatively.

"It's solved, let's go, tonight's celebration party!"

"Having caught their second elder, with the handle, the rest will be much easier to do." Die Lan said with a smile, Yaoxuanzong and Diegu were already on equal footing, but now they have Xiao Yan's help and their sect. The second elder of the door is naturally quite easy.

"Brother Xiao Yan, the ancestors have a request." At this moment, an elegant voice came out and passed through the void.

"The Valley Master?" Everyone heard the words and couldn't help but be surprised. The Valley Master was a strong man in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. He came and went without a trace in the valley. Is the simple generation.

"I'll take you there." At this moment, Die Qi's expression also became serious. If the owner of the valley came forward, things would become confusing. After all, the ancestors are now preparing how to resolve the matter of Yao Xuanzong, and the rest are all waiting. No, this time to summon Xiao Yan, the intention is already obvious...

After the rest, Die Qi took Xiao Yan to the open space in front of a butterfly stone monument in the Butterfly Valley, and immediately left in a panic, leaving Xiao Yan alone.

"This place is very strange." Xiao Yan glanced at it, but found that there are hundreds of flowers blooming in the open space here, and there are hundreds of butterflies of different colors flying on the stamens, only the so-called Butterfly Valley Old Ancestor disappeared.

"At a young age, he was able to reach the strength of the early stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortals, and he could easily wound the second elder of the Yaoxuanzong, and wiped out the third elder of the Yaoxuanzong, Xuanyi, with a single blow. The little guy is not easy." When Xiao Yan was surprised, hundreds of butterflies fell from the stamens and came towards Xiao Yan. After resting, an elderly man surrounded by butterflies appeared in front of Xiao Yan with a mysterious crutch in the shape of a butterfly.

"Weng buzzing!" At this moment, the soul power in Xiao Yan's body shook violently, and a self-defense spread out the soul power. It seemed that the old man in front of him gave Xiao Yan an extremely tyrannical oppression.

"Junior Xiao Yan has seen senior." Seeing this, Xiao Yan respectfully clasped his fists and said.

"You're not a human... It stands to reason that I should bring you to justice, but since you help us in many things in Butterfly Valley, I won't care about you." The old man smiled slowly, his voice It is full of deep meaning and intriguing.

"Senior is really good at seeing. The junior came from the human world and entered the demon world to find someone. But I just entered the demon world and was hunted down by the cracks in time and space. I fell into a coma and Miss Dieqi saved me. Naturally, I want to repay this favor."

"Now that Miss Dieqi is safely sent back to the valley, I should also leave." Xiao Yan cupped his hands, and immediately moved his footsteps slightly, walking casually, and left here.

"This guy is also a good seedling. If he can represent our family to join the army in the Ten Thousand Demons, I'm afraid..."

"Little guy, wait." After some thought, a light butterfly blocked Xiao Yan's way, and the body of the Butterfly Valley ancestor appeared in front of Xiao Yan in a strange way surrounded by butterflies.

"Senior is this?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion, his brows furrowed, if this guy is relying on the old and selling the old, Xiao Yan will be able to turn this place upside down even at the cost of serious injuries.

"You have already made an enmity with Yaoxuanzong. In addition, your identity is unknown. If you are used by Yaoxuanzong's minded people, I'm afraid your situation is in danger." Butterfly Valley ancestor smiled.

"What do you mean, senior, tell me clearly." Xiao Yan also smelled something from this guy's words and said.

"It's simple."

"I want you to wipe out the entire Demon Xuanzong." Butterfly Valley's ancestor smiled slowly, as if he had settled on Xiao Yan,

"Impossible." Xiao Yan shook his head directly. There was no room for manoeuvre.

"What if I could cover up all the human anger on you, so that the big demon night in the demon world couldn't find it?" Butterfly Valley's ancestor still laughed.

"The conditions are very attractive but it won't work..." Xiao Yan also said coldly, and also talked with him with great interest.

"I can recommend you to the King of Myriad Demons, so that you have the qualifications to go to the ancient battlefield. The ancient battlefield contains countless treasures from almost the entire demon world. You should not miss it."

"Deal!" After Shunxi, the two negotiated and reached a consensus.

The Butterfly Valley ancestor served in the Myriad Demons in the early years. Although he has retired, he still has a lot of right to speak. Xiao Yan wants him to recommend him to avoid a lot of trouble.

Of course, there are two more important points.

Although the King of Ten Thousand Demons is under the jurisdiction of the Heisha Dragon Wolf, but now the Heisha Longwolf is nowhere to be seen, his large army has been stationed in the ancient battlefield at this time, and is maintaining the final battle. The fragments of the demon book that recorded many secrets of the demon world showed that the demon book existed in the ancient battlefield, and even in this ancient battlefield, there was something that was enough to attract Xiao Yan, that kind of thing was not holy flame, but a demon world tyrant!

With all these things, Xiao Yan was naturally willing to agree to this deal.