Chapter Vol 4 1411: Take a break!

On the Doudi Continent of the Human World, there are scenes of shocking scenes, and the ghost world is also in full swing on the Tiandong Continent.

"Daddy...this Xiao Yan..." In the knife forging hall, the top executives of the forging knife Leigu and some disciples who participated in the four continents competition were all here, and a huge lineup of dozens of people made the place lively. .

"I can't be in a hurry about the retreat." Duo Tianhong also stood aside and took a sip of the tea in his hand.

Originally, they were planning to leave for the Four Continents for a test in a month, but this guy, Xiao Yan, actually retreated for two months, and there was no sign of awakening, which made everyone slightly puzzled.

"It's been two months..." Duan Qifei said in surprise, although he didn't know what level of Heavenly Seed Xiao Yan swallowed, but it's been a long time.

"Don't worry, although the Four Continents competition is imminent, Xiao Yan will not let us down." Duan Tianhong said with words.

After all, there are still three full months before the Four Continents Competition.

"Huhu."

"It's almost there." At the same time, in the Treasure Pavilion inside the Thunder Valley, Xiao Yan's quiet body suddenly opened his pupils slowly and smiled.

"This retreat took almost two months..."

"The original plan was to devour the Heavenly Seed for a month, but unexpectedly it wasted a lot of time..."

"But it was also through this retreat that I completely adjusted the power in my body. Now, I am probably the first person below the two-star Dou Xian." Xiao Yan clenched his fist and felt the dazzling power in his body. His dark pupils Flashing, couldn't help laughing.

"This guy..." Seeing that the fiery-red Great Heavenly Seed flame above Xiao Yan's fist was so scorching hot, only one line weaker than Sheng Yan, the Soul Eater also emerged and laughed.

"Next, go to the Four Continents for a test. The strength of the strong people you meet will naturally be more powerful, so you should try to use the holy flames in your body as little as possible." Before leaving, the Lord of Soul Eater also did not forget to instruct him.

"Teacher, don't worry, I have my senses." Seeing Soul Eater's concern, Xiao Yan nodded.

Yinhuntian Sizhou is not as simple as Dongzhou, Sizhou Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, if the matter of the holy flame on his body is exposed, I am afraid it will lead to a lot of unnecessary trouble, but now with the power of the Great Heaven Seed, it is also able to The holy flames cover the past.

"Since you're ready, let's go and join the main force first." After muttering a few words, Xiao Yan's body flickered and disappeared directly here.

"Crash!" A sound from the space channel sounded, and Xiao Yan's figure reappeared in the knife forging hall.

"You kid, you are really blessed." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Feng Yu immediately punched Xiao Yan and said with a smile.

These guys, when Xiao Yan was in retreat, learned about Xiao Yan's great achievements, and immediately laughed, after all, not everyone can return safely from the hands of a five-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Your strength...it seems a bit strange..." Suddenly, the pastoral song on the side also turned his head and said to Xiao Yan.

Pastoral's power in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals is somewhat incomprehensible to Xiao Yan. The power in Xiao Yan's body is too terrifying.

"Where's the Valley Master?" After Xiao Yan greeted everyone, he immediately asked Du Qifei.

"The owner of the valley has gone out..."

"How are you?"

"Have you recovered?" Seeing this, Yun Qi jumped to Xiao Yan's side and asked with concern.

"Some people...heartless and heartless, I got such good things for you...I don't even have a thank you, it's chilling." Seeing Xiao Yan and Yun Qi getting a little closer, I don't know if it was out of nowhere. Since jealousy is still a girl's nature, Duan Qifei couldn't help showing a hint of arrogance on her pretty face, and snorted coldly.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately looked at Yun Qi and Du Qifei's stance, and couldn't help but secretly complained.

They all said that beauty is a disaster, but he clearly didn't provoke them, but he was still treated like this by them.

"Ha ha……"

"Let's go down and rest today...Tomorrow morning, I will lead everyone to the four continents to compete." With a move in the void, Duo Tianhong came out to save the field at this time.

"Okay!" After hearing the words, dozens of strong men nodded slowly, and then left the knife forging hall.

"You guys also go down to rest...you'll leave here tomorrow." Seeing that Xiao Yan's group did not show any signs of leaving, Du Tianhong immediately said.

"Farewell." Xiao Yan also just appeared in retreat and hadn't had a good rest. After saying hello, he went directly to his residence.

"If you like him...why don't you just say it?" As everyone left, only Yun Qi and Du Qifei were left in the knife forging hall. Suddenly Yun Qi stared at Du Qifei and said, With Yun Qi's tyrannical soul power and the girl's mind, it is naturally not difficult to guess.

"I hope so too... But my identity is special, and it is doomed that there is no result between me and him..."

"And his identity, even his father can't see through, he shouldn't be so simple." Du Qifei suddenly changed into a person at this time, with a hint of helplessness in her beautiful eyes, and shook her head.

"This is the ghost world. After all, it is not a place where we humans live. We still have to go back to humans."

"If I were you, I would go after him desperately."

"No matter what the result is, it's good to be worthy of your heart." Yun Qi slowly shook his head, dropped such a sentence, and left here without looking back.

"Despite everything... Are you worthy of your heart..."

"But what if I'm ashamed..." At this time, there was a trace of tears in Duo Qifei's beautiful eyes. Obviously, since the activation of the reincarnation fluctuation Thunder Lord's power has been faintly faint. The beginning of the infiltration, causing Du Qifei to know something more or less...

Among these things, there are people who belong to the Xiao clan, and even the origin of the Thunder Lord and the Xiao clan, but Duo Qifei refused to talk about it.

"This East Continent is really a very good place..." Back at his residence, Xiao Yan felt the extremely pure energy of heaven and earth in the Thunder Realm for the first time, and couldn't help but say.

The Dou Qi Continent where Xiao Yan used to be, could not set foot in Dou Di without Origin Qi, but Origin Qi can be seen everywhere in Dou Di Continent and even in places like Yinhuntian, and even integrated into the energy of heaven and earth.

As for the depleted Origin Qi of the Dou Qi Continent and the abundant Origin Qi of the Dou Di Continent, the problem between the two is probably related to the level of the plane.

But there is no doubt that the plane level of Dou Di Continent is definitely not as high as that of the ghost realm, after all, it is known from the quantity and quality of Dou Xian powerhouses.

"Okay, kid, get familiar with the Heavenly Seeds tonight... Above the Four Continents, it's nice to have you." Seeing Xiao Yan suddenly becoming sentimental, the Soul Eater said directly.

"Yep."

"I don't know that this trip will compete in four continents..."

"What will happen..." Xiao Yan also quietly went down with his legs crossed, and then he practiced quietly, looking forward to it!

https://

Genius website address: . Mobile version reading website: