Chapter 438: Poison Sect Sect Master! (Happy Dragon Boat Festival!)

"Senior..." Bing Xin said weakly.

For some reason, Bing Xin seemed to be able to feel some rather soft aura from Elder Zhu.

"It looks like the two of them shouldn't be chasing after them." Elder Zhu stopped and murmured.

"Eat it."

"It's good for your injury." After Zhu Lao looked around, he took out a jade bottle from his hand and said to Bing Xin.

The whole body of the jade bottle was pitch-black, but what was contained in it was an elixir the size of a longan.

Even through the jade bottle, Bing Xin felt a terrifying power from the medicine pill with her powerful strength!

This elixir is absolutely extraordinary!

This was Bing Xin's first thought.

Bing Xin was not a hesitant either, not to mention that the injury in her body was not serious, she simply stretched out her jade hand and took the jade bottle in Old Zhu's hand.

The jade bottle was just taken over, and Old Zhu's face showed a touch of relief, but Bing Xin, who was beside him, didn't care.

Just after the jade bottle was started, a gentle energy continuously radiated from the jade bottle. Bing Xin gently opened the cork at the next moment, and immediately, a very strong Danxiang emerged.

Then Bing Xin swallowed the medicine pill directly!

"Gulugulu." Bing Xin swallowed it down the throat, and the medicine pill was like gunpowder to be ignited.

As the medicinal pill entered the body, the power of the seal remaining in the body of Bingxin gradually turned into an invisible ripple, rushing towards the surroundings because it was sealed by the Immortal Beam Ring.

"Thank you, senior!" Bing Xin was overjoyed when she saw this, because the power of the seal of this bundle of immortal rings, I am afraid it was her, was quite difficult. Now that the power of the seal is broken, Bing Xin is naturally happy.

"Since your injury is no longer serious, you should go back as soon as possible." Seeing this, Elder Zhu nodded with relief.

"Pavilion Master, this is all for you, you can't be ashamed next time." Old Zhu thought to himself.

"But... senior..." Bing Xin's eyes slightly wrinkled, although the strength of this mysterious powerhouse should have reached at least the level of a half-immortal, the importance of that fire unicorn to their poison sect is unique!

If there is no such medicine, I am afraid that someone in the poison sect will not be saved, so this is why Bing Xin insists on protecting this fire qidan.

"how?"

"Little doll, what else do you have to do?" Seeing this, Zhu Lao was slightly surprised.

"Senior, I know you are extremely powerful, but this Fire Qidan is very important to our Poison Sect. Without it, someone who terrified our Poison Sect would die!"

"So you are willing to ask senior to return the fire unicorn to me!"

"For this reason, Bing Xin will be a cow and a horse!" After Bing Xin finished speaking, she suddenly knelt down on her knees in the direction of Old Zhu.

"Oh, this thing is also very important to me." Elder Zhu said helplessly.

Just when Bing Xin was weak, he directly took the pill from the Pill King Chen Xin. He thought that he had fooled Bing Xin without knowing it, but how could Lao Zhu expect that Bing Xin would still be there? After taking a look, he actually knew that Fire Qidan was on him.

"Senior!" Bing Xin's voice changed, not as cold as before, with some tenderness and stubbornness in her voice!

"You'd better go back, don't think about this." Elder Zhu seemed to have made a difficult decision, and then said.

Although the Sect Master of the Poison Sect is a real powerhouse of Fighting Immortals, and the Sect Master of the Poison Sect has some inseparable relationship with the Master of the Burning Incense Pavilion and even the Master of the Wanhua Pavilion, he is still inseparable from the real Fighter. Compared with the fairyland, the latter is undoubtedly more tempting.

"Damn it!" Bing Xin heard the words, and a burst of loss appeared in her heart, and then the next moment, the breath of Bing Xin changed instantly!

A majestic killing intent suddenly emerged from his body, and then Bing Xin didn't hesitate, staring at Elder Zhu with cold eyes!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, Elder Zhu had already put away the fire unicorn pill, and his figure looked rather strange under the cover of the black cloak.

"Give it up, little girl." Zhu Lao felt the killing intent at the moment when Bingxin's killing intent emerged, but the difference in strength between the two was too huge. Bamboo Lao's body is as innocuous as a scratch.

"Boom boom boom!" The seemingly terrifying work hit Zhu Lao, but Zhu Lao remained motionless, letting Bing Xin's attack fall on him.

The attack fell on Zhu Lao, as if a drizzle of goose feathers fell on the person, and he could not feel any pain at all.

"Ah, it's really stubborn." Elder Zhu sighed as he got in the car.

"Let's go, it's inevitable that someone will harbor ill will towards you."

"By the way, remember to say hello to me when you see your Sect Master."

"Fenxiang Pavilion Zhujin." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he just turned around and was about to leave, but suddenly felt an invisible pressure!

There can only be one reason to make such a terrifying oppressive force even for a half-immortal-level powerhouse like Elder Zhu!

A real fighting fairy!

Zhu Lao suddenly turned around and looked around, and was shocked to find that two women appeared beside Bing Xin at some point. One woman, Zhu Lao, still had some impressions, and it seemed that she was the woman who came to the auction with her...

It's just that when General Zhu turned his forehead slightly, he found a middle-aged woman slowly helping Bing Xin.

"Are you alright?" The middle-aged woman smiled lovingly, and then said while supporting Bing Xin.

"Sect...Sect Master..."

"I'm fine." Bing Xin said tremblingly.

This time, the fire qidan was auctioned at a high price, and the failure of the task of sending fire qidan to each other made Bing Xin feel a little guilty in her heart.

"Senior sister, don't be sad There is a master here." Lin Zhu, who was beside him, smiled slowly.

"En." Seeing this, Bing Xin immediately felt relieved, and then looked at her master slightly, the Poison Sect Sect Master smiled.

"Who is poisoned this time?" Even if the middle-aged woman wore a veil, she couldn't hide her dust-like beauty at all.

It's just that when he said these words, whether it was Lin Zhu or Bing Xin, they felt a trace of displeasure from under the tulle.

"Sect Master, this time there are Tujia's soil walkers, Master Lu and Dan Wang Chenxin." Bing Xin said.

"OK!"

"Tujia soil traveler!"

"Master Lu!"

"Pill King Chen Xin!"

"Sun Dalong of the Sun family!"

"The sect master of these ledger books will let you settle them one by one sooner or later!"

"Is the person from the Poison Sect also something you can provoke!" After the middle-aged woman finished speaking, she was instantly furious, and her voice turned into an extremely terrifying wave and turned towards Zhu Lao.

"It's actually..."

"The Sect Master of the Poison Sect..." At this moment, Elder Zhu was also certain that this breath was the Sect Master of the Poison Sect today!

A true immortal warrior!

"Next, it's time to settle the account between us."

"You actually stole something from my Poison Sect disciple, Zhu Jin, what do you think about this matter?" After the middle-aged woman finished speaking, a terrifying fighting spirit filled with black and white instantly appeared around her!

Ask for tickets!