Chapter Vol 2 772: Yueru arrives

There are still ten days before the seal of the ruins weakens, and the sects of all sizes in Xuan San San are busy.

But at this time, in the Burning Incense Pavilion, there was an uninvited guest.

"Master...Senior sister, wouldn't we be too rash?" At the foot of Mount Huashan, two women slowly appeared here. One of the women looked at the towering Huashan Mountain, and immediately became a little hesitant.

Huashan, where the Burning Incense Pavilion is located, and where is Xiao Yan.

"I said Xiaoyueyue, isn't it very cold in the sect for a few years..."

"Why are you so restless when you come to Huashan now?" the senior sister joked.

"Okay, I get it now."

"It turned out that I wanted to see my little lover. Are you nervous?" Before the woman could speak, Senior Sister said.

"Senior sister!" Seeing that her senior sister was speaking freely, Yueru immediately let out a coquettish anger. If she kept talking, she would put her face somewhere...

"Let me think about it, what is the name of that boy in Fenxiang Pavilion?"

"It seems to be Xiao Yan."

"I want to see, what is the holy place that can make our cold Xiao Yueyue run around like a little deer." After the senior sister finished speaking, she laughed.

The visitor is Yueru and Wanhua Pavilion's current senior sister, and also one of the only two disciples of Wanhua Pavilion, Xiu Qi!

Xiu Qi, the eldest disciple of the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion, his strength is comparable to the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, and he is quite free and easy to get along with.

"Senior sister, you have the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor now, so you can't bully him for a while." After a while, Yueru decided to speak.

"Whoops, this hasn't even become a family yet..." Xiu Qi continued to joke.

Because Yueru had an agreement with Xiao Yan before, her strength reached the five-star Dou Emperor Consummation, and she needed Xiao Yan's help when she broke through. Now that the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion is not there, and Huayun can't stand Yueru's continuous hard and soft actions, she sent Xiu Qi and Yueru went to Burning Incense Pavilion to find Xiao Yan.

After all, the eight-star Dou Emperor powerhouses in the ruins are not allowed to enter, and this Xiuqi is also the best among the eight-star Dou Emperor in Wanhua Pavilion today.

"Senior sister, let's go." Yueru knew her senior sister's character, so she ignored her words and spoke slightly.

After speaking, the two of them were heading towards Huashan Mountain, and the place they went to was the entrance of Burning Heaven Territory, where did they try to enter the Burning Incense Pavilion!

"Unfortunately, how can other brothers and sisters cultivate well in the sect, I have to come here to be responsible for guarding the Burning Heaven Territory..."

"Our Fenxiang Pavilion's protection is quite strict. Except for Xiao Yan who broke into the Burning Heaven Territory once, no one has broken into it so far."

"Hey, it's really a bad tone." At this moment, Wang Chen's complaining voice sounded outside the Burning Heaven Territory.

The guards and inspections of Fen Tianyu have always been the responsibility of the many senior brothers at the location. Now that the senior and second senior brothers have left the sect, these tasks are naturally assigned to them.

And Wang Chen naturally became the first.

"Who!" After all, Wang Chen was very aware of the importance of Burning Heaven Territory, and immediately kept vigilant. When he saw a strange space ripple appearing above Burning Heaven Territory, Wang Chen said that he was vigilant.

"Xiao Yueyue, look, this is the guardian formation of Fenxiang Pavilion, called Fen Tianyu."

"It is said that even Dou Xian powerhouses fell into it." Xiu Qi's sweet voice sounded outside the Burning Heaven Territory.

Xiu Qi was very knowledgeable and stopped outside the Burning Heaven Territory with Yue Ru. As a direct disciple of the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion, Xiu Qi knew the terrifying nature of this great formation protecting the sect.

"Little brother, we are from Wanhua Pavilion, come to Fenxiang Pavilion to look for Xiao Yan, and please let me know." Xiu Qi's soul moved, she instantly knew where Wang Chen was, and immediately said softly.

"Looking for Xiao Yan?" When Wang Chen heard the words, he suddenly remembered the competition between himself and Xiao Yan, and now Xiao Yan is in the limelight.

"One of these two women is a five-star fighting emperor, but their strength is far more tyrannical than Xiao Yan. Why are these two looking for Xiao Yan?"

"And these two are from Wanhua Pavilion. I remember that Wanhua Pavilion and our Fenxiang Pavilion had some misunderstandings. How could they send someone to us?" Although Wang Chen's strength is not outstanding, his mind is very clear. Knowing clearly how important Xiao Yan is to the entire Burning Incense Pavilion, as a fellow disciple, Wang Chen has the right to help Xiao Yi to stop some unnecessary troubles.

"We don't have a person like Xiao Yan in Fenxiang Pavilion. You two should go back and forth from where you came from." Wang Chen said lightly, and immediately swept into the space of Fentianyu.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After all, this woman's strength is unfathomable. If she suddenly makes a move, Wang Chen will be a little scared.

"This guy!" When Xiu Qi heard the words, her eyes tightened, and a serious expression instantly appeared!

This guy, he doesn't look at his face, but he wants to make himself angry!

"No?" Yueru was full of joy, but when Wang Chen finished speaking, her face darkened.

"Why not?" Yueru couldn't help but say.

"Don't believe this guy."

"I see that guy won't be honest if he doesn't beat him up." After Xiu Qi finished speaking, the figure disappeared strangely, and a cyan vitality suddenly emerged!

The energy of the wind attribute comes and goes without a trace!

"It's so fast!" Wang Chen was shocked when he saw this, but when he was about to make his move, he was shocked by Xiu Qi's speed.

"Let's come to find someone, why are you..." Xiu Qi came to Wang Chen's side as fast as a gust of wind, raised her palm just to take a picture, but stopped her, and then stared at Wang Chen and said solemnly.

Wang Chen was stared at so closely by Xiuqi Qixing Dou Emperor powerhouse, and he couldn't help but feel a lot of pressure.

"Senior sister, don't cause trouble." Yueru was also a little scared, and immediately said.

"I know." Although Xiu Qi was a little angry, after weighing the pros and cons, she didn't do anything, she just gave Wang Chen some power.

"Two, we really don't have Xiao Yan in the Fenxiang Pavilion, so please come back." Wang Chen called the two women to be terrifying. .

Fen Tianyu is a sect that protects Fenxiang Pavilion. Every time it is opened, it costs a lot of money, so Wang Chen does not dare to open it rashly.

The Burning Heaven Territory is in the sky, and the Burning Incense Pavilion is above the ground, so it is natural to ask for help.

"You!" Yueru couldn't help but feel a little angry when she heard this.

"Yueru?" Just when the three were evenly matched, a man with a heavy foot on his back passed by, and immediately exclaimed to the young girl.

"Xiao...Xiao Yan." Yue Ru was called out by this familiar voice, and she stood in a stalemate in the air.

Isn't the person who speaks the one who thinks about it day and night!

Ask for tickets!