Chapter Vol 2 716: King Xuanling's ambition!

"Fentian, are you crazy?" Hua Xin came directly in front of Fentian and asked in a questioning tone.

"As I said, I'm here to atone for my sins this time. Before you forgive me, if you want to kill you, you have to kill you." Although Fen Tian was shocked by Hua Xin's attack, he spat out a mouthful of blood, but after all, Fen Tian possessed Even if the power of Dou Xian is not used, the body tempered by Dou Xian's power is not comparable to ordinary people, otherwise this Fen Tian would have fallen under the attack of Hua Xin with hatred!

"You!" Fen Tian was left speechless by such a sudden scene.

"There are too many people here, let's change the place." Hua Xin looked around, and suddenly found that there were many people gathered here, and immediately opened her mouth slightly.

"Let's go!" Before Fen Tian and the Sect Master of Poison Sect agreed, Hua Xinyu waved his hand, and a fierce energy appeared, and the three figures disappeared without a trace.

"Ugh……"

"It can be considered that nothing major happened." Hua Yun said slightly after seeing the three of them leave. She knew that the pavilion master was soft-hearted. If this goes on, it is not impossible to forgive Fen Tian.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Look at what!"

"Go back to practice soon!"

"Look at your own vindictiveness?"

"Have you seen the power of the pavilion master just now?"

"That's the goal of your study!" With the disappearance of the words and the others, Hua Yun Zaidu resumed his stern tone and showed his humanity to the onlookers.

Seeing that the pavilion master had spoken, the others could only disperse, but they gained a new understanding of their own pavilion master's strength.

That is the fighting immortal powerhouse!

The three of Hua Xin disappeared, and they didn't know where they went, but the misunderstanding among the three may not be explained overnight.

Inside the Xuanling Royal Palace.

"That's... the Sect Master of the Poison Sect?" In the splendid palace within the Xuanling royal family.

King Xuanling was sitting slowly on the dragon chair at this time, and he was reviewing some state affairs that came up below.

It is believed that many of the powerhouses in the Xuantian three days are extremely sensitive, and it is extremely easy to recognize the purple poisonous aura of the Sect Master of the Poison Sect.

"This guy is so fast?"

"What is this for?"

"That direction... Wanhua Pavilion?" Xuanling King said, and immediately put down the document in his hand and walked directly to the window, staring at the traces of vindictiveness left by the Sect Master of Poison Sect.

"It seems that this Poison Sect and Wanhua Pavilion are also somewhat tricky." After some fruitless thinking, King Xuanling returned to his position. He originally wanted to continue his review, but was awakened by a familiar voice.

"My king is really in a hurry." It was Wen Zi, the current national teacher of the Xuanling royal family, who spoke out.

Wen Zi held the jade fan, swayed slightly, and smiled.

"Hehe, Wen Guoshi is here, sit anywhere." King Xuanling smiled slightly, and Wen Zi, don't be too polite, after all, the two have a deadly friendship.

"Things are already settled." Wen Zi glanced around slightly, and then said.

"Oh?" When Xuanling King heard the words, he was slightly pleasantly surprised.

"But if my king wants to successfully complete this matter, he still needs some trade-offs." Wen Zi said involuntarily when he saw this.

"Any choice?"

"I've had enough choices!" King Xuanling immediately became unhappy when he heard this!

For that purpose, I put so much effort and sweat back and forth, but in the end I got nothing!

"My king, we've reached this point, and we can't fall short!" Wen Zi naturally knew how much King Xuanling had paid for that purpose over the years.

Even Medusa's party, which had just ended recently, had already been impeached by many high-level officials of the Xuanling royal family, and the power in the hands of the Xuanling King was becoming less and less.

"Damn!"

"It's too early to do?" King Xuanling heard the words, and there was a trace of resentment in his eyes, and then he slowly stared at Wen Zi.

"My king, you must know that although your father has abdicated to become a virtuous person for many years, he has been guarding the seventh floor of the underground palace. Presumably, my king should know better than me what his purpose is."

"I just went down and got to know him a few days ago. He doesn't seem to be satisfied with our king, and there is still a trace of resentment in his words." Wen Zi said slightly.

"After so many years, he still holds a grudge against me because of my brother and sister." King Xuanling heard the words, and a trace of pain could not help but be born in his heart.

"If this is the case, I am afraid that even if my king gets Medusa's blood, I am afraid that he will not be able to swallow the holy flame." Wen Zizai said.

"I know about this!" King Xuanling was slightly angry. Everything was in his expectations, but he didn't expect a Medusa queen to kill halfway, which made King Xuanling's plan fall short.

Originally, King Xuanling's father was slightly different towards King Xuanling, but now that something happened, Sheng Yan naturally wouldn't give it easily.

"Although my father's strength is also a fighting immortal, it has already been blown away by the wind, and it is impossible to swallow the holy flame!"

"Otherwise, if you are not careful, you will fall directly!"

"But it's strange, apart from me, it's impossible for anyone else to have the power and ambition to devour the holy flame. What the **** is he doing!"

"Could it be that he is playing the power that was once sealed by Medusa's petrified pupil..." The next moment, King Xuanling suddenly thought of something and spoke slightly.

The Xuanling Royal Family actually has two powerful immortals One is the father of the current King Xuanling, and the other is the previous King Xuanling.

It's just that the previous King Xuanling, for some unknown reason, was sealed by the petrifying pain of the Medusa family!

I'm afraid that my father is thinking of this!

After all, it is the real power of fighting immortals, which is undoubtedly more attractive than Shengyan.

"What should I do next..." Immediately, there was a hint of concern in King Xuanling's voice.

The current self, but there is no bargaining chip to lose, so every step, you must be prepared, if you lose, I am afraid that you will have nothing.

"My king, it's better to be like this..." After Wen Zi finished speaking, he whispered something next to King Xuanling.

"It's so good!" King Xuanling was overjoyed when he heard the words, if it was really like Wen Zi, I'm afraid that Sheng Yan and the petrified fighting immortal power were his own!

At that time, let alone a small Xuanling royal family, even the entire Xuan three days will be his own!

"Wen Zi, take a break for me these few days, I have to go out urgently." King Xuanling said slightly.

"Yes, my king." Wen Zi heard the words, and naturally knew the wishful thinking in King Xuanling's heart, but Wen Zi did not break it. After all, the two at this time were already regarded as grasshoppers on the same rope.

"The real good show is about to start now!"

"Don't you think that after my return from the Medusa family, my strength has been greatly reduced, and I won't be able to live for long?"

"Then let you fight."

"The position of the Xuanling King of the Xuanling royal family is not so easy to sit on!"

"Hahaha!" After speaking, King Xuanling's weird laughter appeared in the entire splendid hall! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: