Chapter 616: Soaring spiritual power!

Hearing this, Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly, obviously feeling helpless at Old Bamboo's deceit.

"Okay, you're still sullen, you know that your fighting spirit is the dream of countless people, you don't want to be cheap and still be good." Zhu Lao saw that Xiao Yan was a little discouraged, and immediately scolded with a smile.

"By the way, Zhu Lao, I have already broken through to the six-star Dou Emperor, why don't I have any power of life and death in my body?" Xiao Yan thought again and again and decided to tell this secret. After all, since joining the Burning Incense Pavilion, this Zhu Lao has all Xiao Yan was aware of caring about himself, whether it was from the Xuanling Emperor Pond or the desert mountain range.

"What?" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the old Zhu's laughter instantly solidified, replaced by a heavy look.

"You really don't have any power of life and death in your body?" Elder Zhu hesitated in disbelief.

As we all know, after the five-star Dou Emperor is consummated, he can break through the six-star Dou Emperor, but the opportunity for this breakthrough is to transcend the calamity!

Cross the Six-Star Dou Di Tribulation!

Once it fails, the strength of the robbers will drop by one star in the light, and the root will be damaged in serious cases, and they will fall directly!

However, although this Six-Star Dou Di Tribulation is a difficulty that has plagued countless Tianjiao, if it is overcome, the strength will undergo a qualitative change.

The power of life and death is born in the body!

The power of life and death is the barrier to entry for the strong immortals!

"I've checked it many times, no." Xiao Yan shook his head heavily.

"Impossible, I've never heard that Six-Star Dou Di has no power of life and death in his body, excluding some extremely special cultivation methods." Zhu Lao said slowly.

"A special cultivation method?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"The so-called special cultivation method is, for example, some aliens, just relying on the cultivation of physical strength or puppet control, or some power that devours the souls of others, after their strength breaks through the six-star Dou Emperor, the power of life and death will not be born, but These people are equally terrifying!"

"But if there is no power of life and death in the body, the peak in the future will only be the peak of Dou Di!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Because breaking through the peak of Dou Di and becoming Dou Xian, the power of life and death is essential!" Xiao Yan's words echoed in Lao Zhu's mind.

"But I haven't survived the Six-Star Fighting Emperor Tribulation..." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, but immediately decided to say it.

"No tribulation?"

"Then how did you break through the Six-Star Dou Di?" Zhu Lao heard that, not only was he slightly angry.

"Back in the desert mountain range, Senior Mad Wood Immortal Master gave me holy flame, and after I swallowed it, my strength skyrocketed like this... As for the Six-Star Dou Emperor Tribulation, it has never appeared from beginning to end." Xiao Yan said.

"I have written down this matter for you. When I go back and check the information, I will give you an explanation. Your situation is really strange." Elder Zhu was also at a loss. Obviously, there was nothing in the body of a six-star fighting emperor like Xiao Yan. The power of life and death is quite helpless!

"Then Xiao Yan is here to thank Lao Zhu first." Xiao Yan cupped his hands.

"Don't you think I called you here for this, right?" Elder Zhu promised Xiao Yan to turn around and solve the problem that the Six-Star Dou Emperor had no life and death power in his body, then slowly sat on the chair and said leisurely.

"I don't know what else it is?" Xiao Yan said slowly.

Obviously Xiao Yan would not really think that this old man called him here for this matter.

"I wonder if after you devoured the holy flame, did it have any effect on your soul power?" The next moment, Zhu Lao went straight to the topic.

"The influence of holy flames on the power of the soul?" Xiao Yan was confused when he heard the words, but he did not speak. Instead, he closed his eyes and rested, carefully feeling the holy flame crystals suspended in the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body.

At this time, Sheng Yanjing was suspended in the Dou Qi Sea, and next to Sheng Yanjing, there was a snoring flame beast.

After feeling the soul power in the soul realm in the body, it seems that there is no change except that after swallowing the soul liquid to increase the soul power.

"No, the power of holy flame has no effect on the power of the soul." Xiao Yan wondered why this old Zhu asked him that.

"No..." When Old Zhu heard the words, he shook his head and muttered to himself.

"Old Zhu, don't be a jerk, just tell me." Xiao Yan was very curious when asked by Mr. Zhu!

"Hehe, since the holy flame has no effect on your soul power, then you are looking at the spiritual power in your body!" After Old Zhu finished speaking, suddenly there were extremely hot fluctuations in his eyes.

"The core inscription of Ni Gong Wan's life?" Xiao Yan was stunned for a moment. It was obvious that Xiao Yan had not cared about this spiritual power since he left the Fenxiang Pavilion. First, it was the cultivation method of this spiritual power that Xiao Yan still did not know. You know, secondly, although Xiao Yan has the potential of a battle formation master, his use of mental power is no different from a three-year-old child.

"Let's see how your mental strength is?" Zhu Lao Zaidu said.

"Weng Om!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank suddenly, his face full of disbelief.

"Where is the core inscription of Ni Gong Wan's life?" Xiao Yan was greatly surprised!

"Don't worry, it seems that your Nigongwan can't hold it anymore, so..."

"You can feel your body carefully and take a look." Zhu Lao smiled.

"How is that possible?" The next moment, Xiao Yan saw the core inscription of the divine movement not far from Ni Gong Wan.

At this time, the core inscription of the divine natal life was slowly rotating, and the periphery was wrapped by Xiao Yan's khaki-yellow holy flame power.

"It seems that what I expected was not wrong!"

"Although I don't know why, this spiritual power does have some unusual relationship with Shengyan!" The next moment, Zhu Lao said in a hot voice.

"What?" Xiao Yan was suddenly startled, and then tried to feel the abnormality in his body.

"Don't panic Let's see first that your mental strength has reached various levels." Just when Xiao Yan was in a hurry, Elder Zhu's voice came.

"What do you think?" Xiao Yan asked aloud.

"You carefully comprehend the light pattern on the core inscription."

"One circle is level one, and ten circles is level ten."

"The ranks of Dou Formation Masters are divided into White Dou Formation Masters, Yellow Dou Formation Grand Masters, Red Dou Formation Emperor Masters, Black Dou Formation Immortal Masters, and Gold Dou Formation Saint Masters."

"Each level is divided into ten patterns." Elder Zhu spoke slowly.

"Yellow?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he immediately felt the depths of the core inscription in his body according to what Zhu Lao said, but found that as Xiao Yan used his mental power to go to the core inscription, the core inscription actually spread out. A burst of yellow halo!

"A six-patterned yellow formation master..."

"When this kid first joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, his mental strength just reached the level of condensed text. I never imagined that in just five years, he would actually reach the level of a yellow formation master. Even me, this talent is out of reach. ..." Zhu Lao shook his head mockingly.

"It's not over yet?"

"Wait... how is that possible!"

"It's actually red?" As Xiao Yan continued to feel the core inscription in his body, a rare red light suddenly appeared in the entire house!

This red light is different from ordinary light. It does not have any power, but it makes people feel a wave of death!

Ask for tickets!