Chapter Vol 4 1768: Thunder means!

"How could the guys from the Soul Palace appear here?" For a time, as the black fog of the Soul Palace filled the entire square, it was completely bound and became an area that could only be entered but not exited. Lin Qingwen and Lin Qingyun's expressions changed together. Hard to look.

Although the power of the Soul Palace is not comparable to that of the Holy See, it is better than the fact that its whereabouts are uncertain, and it is extremely mysterious. Even some high-level officials of the Holy See do not know what the Soul Clan of the Soul Palace is planning.

However, the Little Soul Palace can run rampant in the Great Thousand World, I am afraid there is some force behind it, otherwise this kind of guy like the Soul Palace has already been completely obliterated by the Holy See.

"The fifth believer... Let's die!" The black mist man just appeared, bathed in the black mist, without any intention of keeping his hand, and roared directly.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan and the others were directly bound by him, so they could only watch quietly.

"The rope of light!" Looking at the menacing black mist man, the corner of the Holy See old man's mouth wriggled slightly, and in an instant, a beam of dawn burst out from above his body and shot towards the black mist.

"Crash!" The strange black mist was affected by such a white and pure dawn, and it became trembling for a while. After the blink of an eye, the black mist was completely purified by the light of the dawn, revealing the true face of the strong man in the Soul Palace.

At first glance, this guy's body is actually illusory. Above the illusory soul body, a black robe is lightly covered. Above the soul body, there is an extremely terrifying bloody, extremely rich smell, which makes people feel uncomfortable. gagging.

"Soul Palace... It really is a soul body again." Seeing the true face of the guy in front of him, the old man of the Holy See became vigilant and said.

The Holy See has repeatedly sent strong men to attack and suppress the strong souls in the Soul Palace, but even if the strength of the two is very different, they cannot destroy the Soul Palace. Therefore, the Holy See is quite wary of the strong Soul Palace, because the two forces are now like enemies. , meet with red eyes.

"Wait until I capture you..." After Shunxi, the Soul Hall powerhouses disagreed. Above the illusory soul body, a **** dark cloud gently wriggled and emerged, even under the riot of this strange force, the whole The square, which had long been shrouded in black mist, was filled with an aura of awe.

"Humph……"

"A mere soul body, dare to be so arrogant?"

"Since you're here today, then you and Xiao Yan will join the Holy See to plead guilty." The old man of the Holy See said arrogantly. The black fog plummeted. After all, the power of the Soul Temple powerhouse itself was suppressed by the Light Element Dou Qi.

"Soul Burial!" Listening to the disdainful tone of the old man in the Holy See, the eyes of the strong man in the Soul Palace suddenly turned scarlet. At that time, the blood cloud floating around his body became more and more inflated, like a mass that would explode at any time. General air mass.

"Crash!" After a while, the blood cloud exploded directly, and a blood-colored blood shadow with a size of hundreds of feet stood beside the powerhouse in the Soul Palace.

The **** blood shadow is like a human being, but the strange thing is that this guy does not have much intelligence. In the scarlet pupils, there is endless killing intent, staring gloomily at the Holy See, that kind of bloodthirsty killing intent. , making people palpitate.

"Tear him up for me!" Seeing the appearance of the blood-colored giant shadow, the Soul Palace powerhouse opened his mouth.

"Tear it!" As if he had received an order, the blood-colored giant shadow raised his hands high, and then stepped on with heavy footsteps, spreading towards several people in the Holy See step by step. Every time he walked, he would be surrounded by this black fog. There was a special smell of blood in the square.

"Is it an evil creature constructed by a soul body..."

"Dawn of Light!"

"Purification!" With a cold snort, the old man of the Holy See smiled slightly, his clothes burst out with dazzling dawn, the corners of his mouth were wriggling, and the Sanskrit sounds were like gods, containing extremely sacred power, but in the display and singing, etc. When attacking tyrannically, his movements are also restricted.

"These guys..." Xiao Yan, who was quietly lurking aside, looked at it slightly. It seemed that from the conversation between the two of them, there were some hidden secrets between the Holy See and the Soul Palace.

"My lord, these guys from the Soul Palace are probably the last lord's capable supporters..." At this time, Lin Qingwen whispered to Xiao Yan.

"The third place?" Xiao Yan said in surprise when he heard the words.

"Now that the royal election is imminent, there are three most authoritative candidates. Among them, the princess headed by a conservative group tries to continue the tradition of Tianxing Continent, while the diehards headed by Prince Lin Feng are willing to unite with the Holy See. Waiting for the tyrannical forces to try to spread the power of the royal family of the Tianxing Continent to the entire Doudi Continent, as for the last one..." Lin Qingwen seemed to hesitate.

"What happened to the last one?" Xiao Yan also noticed something and muttered.

"The last one, named Lin Fengya, is a lame man, but this guy has always acted in a low-key manner, but his subordinates can conclude that this Soul Hall powerhouse is probably the foreign help he invited." road.

"If that's the case, then it's interesting... It seems that many strong people in the Tianling Continent want to come and get a piece of the pie." Xiao Yan smiled slightly. Rotating, for a while, the core inscriptions that were condensed actually exceeded 50,000!

Even this is not Xiao Yan's limit, the core inscriptions are still increasing, and an offensive full of flames and wood attributes rich vitality, quietly brewing from Xiao Yan's palm.

"Hey!" With a sound, the blood-colored giant shadow that seemed to be invincible was rapidly dissolving and disintegrating under the attachment of countless light incantations.

"Death to this seat!" Seeing this scene, the soul palace powerhouse was not surprised at all. Instead, a rare smile slowly appeared on the illusory soul body.

"It's not good!" Using the light-based fighting skills, the blood-colored giant shadow was easily disintegrated, but what he didn't expect was that When the blood-colored giant shadow was about to be completely obliterated by himself, the blood-colored giant shadow instantly shattered. , countless ferocious-looking lonely ghosts emerged from the body of the blood-colored giant shadow, wailing and roaring, and then they looked at the strong man in the Soul Palace in horror. And go.

"Boom boom boom!" The old man of the Holy See went all out to display light-based fighting skills, and naturally he didn't have the energy to resist others. It turned out that he was directly penetrated by countless lone ghosts, and each lone ghost penetrated his own body. The body will carry a pain that directly hits the soul.

"teacher!"

"My lord!" Seeing that the leader of the Holy See old man suffered a big change, the other two Holy See powerhouses and Lin Qingyun shrank their pupils tightly and roared.

"Go away from this seat!" Seeing the three of them spread out with all their might, the strong man in the Soul Palace immediately attacked and directly disintegrated the three men's offensive.

"asshole!"

"If you kill me, our Holy See will never let you go!" At this moment, the elder of the Holy See also felt the threat of death.

"Pfft... Sisi!" Ignoring the roar of the Holy See old man, the Soul Hall powerhouse raised his palm, surrounded by black energy, and directly pierced the Holy See old man's chest, holding a bright red heart in his hand.

"Crack!" With a sound, it was suddenly crushed, and then the fifth-ranked believer in the Holy See fell directly.