Chapter Vol 4 1228: Gather the Spirit Palace!

"Your current breath is floating, so you should break through and swallow it first."

"In this case, the grasp is also greater." Xiao Yan's eyes slowly stared at the dazzling soul source in his hand, and the Soul Eater came out and said.

"Ah?" Hearing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help exclaiming when he saw the Lord of Soul Eater come out.

"The middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Sure enough." After being bitten by Soul Eater, Xiao Yan realized that his original aura had already reached the peak of the early stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal when he was in the Ghost King City. Now, with the battle with the three-eyed ghost pupil, it would naturally appear. I have a chance to advance to the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan grinned, and then temporarily threw the crystal silver antimony transparent soul power aside, and sat up quietly.

"Crash!" At this time, Fen Jue was spinning at a high speed in Xiao Yan's body, and even the circular bucket core in his body was spinning at a high speed, and there were some unseen fluctuations between the two, as if there was something between the two. What a secret.

"Could this round bucket core have something to do with Fen Jue?" Xiao Yan sensed a little while adjusting his breath, but he discovered that the two seemed to have some close connection.

"Your current strength has reached the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, you just need to break through that barrier."

"Don't be distracted, keep your mind, guide your breath, and activate the exercises." The Soul Eater said coldly.

"Crash!" After Xiao Yan heard the words, he didn't think about these things for a while, then closed his eyes and lost his mind, slowly breaking through his own level.

"Pfft!" After a few minutes, a strange sound came out of Xiao Yan's body, as if a layer of paper had been pierced, and then a rather hearty laughter slowly emanated from Xiao Yan's body.

"One Star Fighting Immortal is in the middle stage." Xiao Yan slowly opened his pupils, and a more powerful force permeated his palm.

If Xiao Yan's strength in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortals at the beginning is capable of fighting against the late One Star Fighting Immortals at the same level or he is successful, then Xiao Yan, who is in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortals at this time, is no exaggeration to say that One Star Fighting Immortals. At the same level, there are close to invincible existences, and even without using holy flames, it can be seen how huge the gap between this initial stage of Star Dou Xian and the middle stage of One Star Dou Xian is.

"Not bad."

"The strength in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, and then swallowing such a pure soul source, I am afraid there is a great hope to advance to the fairyland soul, and then add the absorption of fighting soul, and even the technique of forging, the ratio of Dongzhou and the four There is no problem with the ratio of continents.”

"When I think that my disciple of the Soul Eater can win on a continent under the Li Soul Lord...hehe." The Soul Eater laughed maliciously.

As the supreme powerhouse of Soul Eater, the Lord of Soul Eater naturally has an open and secret relationship with the Lord of Li Soul Domain, and even the fall of the Lord of Soul Eater is also related to the Lord of Li Soul, which makes Soul Eater. The Lord couldn't help but feel a little bit competitive.

"Next, it's time to devour the source of the soul." Xiao Yan ignored the Soul Eater and waved his hand slowly, and the crystal silver and antimony transparent soul source came directly in front of him.

"Susu." The soul source of crystal silver and antimony had just arrived in front of Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan suddenly felt that the soul power he had consumed before was actually recovering at a very fast speed!

"Such a huge soul source is indeed the three-eyed ghost pupil that can be called a soul supplement by humans." Xiao Yan gently held the crystal silver antimony transparent soul source and couldn't help laughing.

Although the three-eyed ghost pupil has the strength of the late human three-star fighting immortal, it is of no use, because the three-eyed ghost pupil ignores all physical defenses and cannot perform physical attacks relatively, and the most important thing is to use the soul power to issue a soul attack. .

The strength of the soul of Sanmu Guitong determines its strength.

"This guy can have strength comparable to that of the human beings in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals. I am afraid that this fairyland soul is not the kind that has just stepped into it."

"The soul of the fairyland is divided into three realms, the virtual soul wandering."

"And each realm is divided into three levels: front, middle and late."

"The fourth-grade immortal-level pharmacist Tiandixuan third-level medicinal pills correspond to the early, middle and late stages of the imaginary level of the fairyland."

"And so on." Xiao Yan muttered slightly in his heart.

"God wandering..." The Soul Eater heard the words, quietly quieted down, and muttered slightly.

"Senior, Shenyou..." Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly when he heard the words, obviously looking forward to the strength of the Soul Eater Lord more or less.

The overall strength of the three major domains of the ghost world will not be weaker than that of the ghost world center.

And under the three domains, each domain has a huge area of ​​a thousand continents!

Among the thousands of continents, the best talents are continuously supplied to the three domains.

As a collection of four continents, Yinhuntian is naturally able to rank in the top 100 of the thousand continents of Lihunyu, which is enough to attract the attention of the senior management of Lihunyu.

"Okay, you kid."

"The soul power of the fairyland level is not a pediatrician. Do you think it is so easy to achieve?"

"That is the highest existence under the soul of the gods." The Lord of Soul Eater said with anticipation, and his voice was full of anticipation.

"Okay, hurry up and swallow it." The Soul Eater rolled his eyes.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded, and didn't bother to ask. Obviously, the Soul Eater's soul power has not yet reached the Immortal Ascension Realm, but I'm afraid it's not far behind.

"Huhu."

"Come on." After Xiao Yan was ready, he slowly took a deep breath, and then the dazzling soul source was directly inhaled by Xiao Yan into his soul realm!

"Crash!" Such a dazzling soul source just poured into Xiao Yan's soul realm, and suddenly turned upside down.

"Bang bang bang!" At this time, apart from the source of the soul that had just poured in, there was nothing in the soul realm. What was there was just the soul stone that condensed the power of Xiao Yan's emperor's heavenly perfect soul!

The color of the soul stone is completely different from the origin of the soul. It is silver in its entirety, but when facing the origin of the soul, there is a trace of fear.

"What are you afraid of?"

"You guys want to merge anyway Xiao Yan said helplessly when he saw this.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The power in the soul stone is undoubtedly the great perfection of the emperor realm, which is only one step away from the fairyland, and the soul origin in this soul realm is the key to promotion.

"The next step is to condense the spirit palace." Xiao Yan watched the two soul powers slowly quiet down, closed his eyes, and slowly controlled the soul power of the soul stone, casting a magnificent palace in his soul realm!

Spirit Palace!

It is a symbol of the soul of the fairyland, and it is also a place to accommodate the power of the soul.

With the Spirit Palace, the power of the soul will undergo a qualitative leap. When fighting against people, the Spirit Palace will be summoned to imprison the enemy's soul force, thereby benefiting itself. There are even many mysteries that have not been discovered by humans. Among them, the human beings who can reach the soul of fairyland are also the favored sons of heaven.

And if you want to advance to the fairyland soul, you must first cast the prototype of the spiritual palace before you can truly step into that step with the power of the soul source!

And the so-called spiritual palace is the greatest means of substantive soul power!

"Pfft!" With a sound, the first casting of the Spirit Palace ended in failure.

"The power of the soul is not controlled evenly, come again." The Lord of Soul Eater was also looking at Xiao Yan cautiously at this time.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan heard the words, but he didn't panic. After all, with a big guy like the Soul Eater here, it was only a matter of time before he gathered the Spirit Palace.