Chapter 218: Escape and head towards the third floor of the Infernal Corps!

"This volatility..."

"It's Xu Ni!"

"I didn't expect that Xiao Yan could force Xu Ni to display such an offensive!" Qiu Huoniao also looked at the place where the explosion occurred, and then said softly.

"Brother Qiu, what did Xu Ni cast?" said a young man beside Qiu Huoniao.

"Xu Ni is showing his housekeeping skills!"

"The power of the origin of the Axe of Splitting Mountains."

"The giant axe used by Xu Ni is called the Split Mountain Axe. It can be divided into two parts when attacking, but the real power lies in the Split Mountain Axe. Xu Ni is the proud son of the Split Mountain Family. Axe, its status in the family is definitely not low."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It is said that this Mountain Splitting Axe is the treasure of the Town Clan in their Split Mountain Family!"

"Also, although the Mountain Splitting Axe is only listed among the spiritual tools, its power is no trivial matter."

"The Mountain Splitting Axe can continuously devour the blood power of the enemy, so as to absorb and transform it into an extremely terrifying force stored in the Mountain Splitting Axe. Once Xu Ni is defeated, this terrifying power will be released."

"This force is quite difficult even for me to deal with." Qiu Huaniao said solemnly.

"That Xiao Yan, who is at the peak of the three-star Dou Di, can force Xu Ni to use this last resort, which is enough to show how unusual this kid is."

"But no matter how he jumps, he's always just a clown. In the face of a strong man like you, Brother Qiu, it's only the end of the game." The people around Qiu Huantiao also said.

"Hopefully." Qiu Huoniao also smiled slightly, and then regardless of the words of the people around him, his eyes went straight into the explosion site.

According to Qiu Huoniao's perception, Xu Ni was already at the end of his force at this time, but for some reason, some faint breaths were escaping from the center of the explosion.

After Xu Ni exerted the power in the Mountain Splitting Axe, the monstrous explosion burst out in an instant. Compared with the explosion produced by the fusion of the twenty-three kinds of flames, it was not weak at all!

As Xu Ni finished his last offensive, his vindictive energy also fell into a state of exhaustion, terrifying fluctuations spread, and then the token on his body was instantly shattered, and Xu Ni's body also disappeared in the corpse forest.

The points on his token also instantly turned into a ray of light that was invisible to the naked eye and came to Xiao Yan's token. At this time, Xiao Yan also waved his hand, and then these points were turned into Yueru and Mu Feng. The points and rankings of the two are also skyrocketing.

At this time, Xu Ni, who was ranked eleventh, also officially announced his departure from the competition.

Xiao Yan also discovered the horror of this power when Xu Ni's Mountain Splitting Axe had just used the terrifying source power, and then pulled Yueru and Mu Feng away from the scene without looking back.

With his huge and outstanding soul power, Xiao Yan is also very sensitive to danger. Then Xiao Yan discovered this scene when Xu Ni was just laughing wildly.

"Huh, it's dangerous..." Mu Feng was also at the scene of escaping, and then looked at the shocking explosive force and said, there was some shock in his voice. On the one hand, the shock is that you are already at the end of a strong arrow, but you can still burst out so terrifying. The power of the 11th is indeed well-deserved, on the other hand, this Xiao Yan escaped with them before the explosion started.

"Xiao Yan, these points are too important, and you have won this Xu Ni from beginning to end. We are just helpers. We can't stand such a big gift. You should take it back." Yueru said softly, and then picked up her jade hand. Token, actually want to assign the points on the token to Xiao Yan.

"Yes, you can take it back." Mu Feng also smiled quietly, and then did the same thing as Yueru.

"No need, just accept it. If you didn't protect me and let me break through the four-star Dou Di, these points would not have been so easy to get you." Xiao Yan waved his hand and refused.

"That's good, there is still some time anyway, you have the final say on where to go, and you will get all the points in the future!" Mu Feng also laughed loudly.

A conspicuous light word also appeared in front of everyone.

At this time, Yueru's points have reached 18,000, and her ranking has been raised to 44, while Mu Feng's has reached 19,000, and her ranking has been raised to 33!

"Where are we going next?" Yue Ru bit her lip slightly, and apparently discovered a few terrifying forces, all of which were heading towards their previous battlefield at the same time.

"Why don't we go to the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest to avoid the limelight for a while. There are still fifteen days before the end." Xiao Yan also moved his eyes slightly, and then looked at the distant sky.

Xiao Yan also discovered that those rather terrifying forces were coming towards their previous positions. Although these people were stronger than Xu Ni, Xiao Yan was not afraid of them, but now Before the finals, there is no need to fight to the death.

"The third floor..."

"Although it's dangerous, it's a good place. They wouldn't have thought of it." Mu Feng said with a grin. At this time, Mu Feng could be regarded as a friend of Xiao Yan, so he simply sang with Xiao Yan.

"It's not too late, let's go now, there are almost quite powerful auras coming here, it's too late to have a conflict with them." Xiao Yan also saw that the two had no objection, and said.

"Go!" The three of them looked at each other one after another, their speed increased to the extreme, and they headed towards the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest.

Outside the Yin Corpse Forest, inside a pavilion.

"Hahaha, this kid didn't disappoint me." Wu Jiang also laughed.

"Tsk tsk, this kid is beyond my expectations..." Hu Du also said depressedly.

"Hahaha, I told you a long time ago that the vision must be long-term..." Wu Jiang continued.

"Okay, okay, I know, are you bothered..." Hu Du also rolled his eyes and said.

"Why did Mu Yingying go to the third floor?"

"Keep an eye on it. If something happens, we will take action directly. This is a good seedling." Wu Jiang also said vigilantly.

"This Mu Yingying's origin is also quite mysterious, do you want to investigate it?" Hu Du saw with a roll of white paper, and found that the information about Mu Yingying on it was also pitiful.

"Don't use it for the time being, lest there will be more troubles for no reason."

"Yeah." After the two of them finished speaking, they were looking at the many crystal **** in front of them. After all, to prevent these people from having an accident, it's better to do it yourself.

"Damn!"

"Xuni's points were also taken away by them!" Looking at the light characters of Yueru and Mu Feng in the sky to improve their ranking and points Qiu Huoniao also shouted angrily.

"They have gone through such a big battle, and they must have just won Xu Ni by luck. Their bodies are also extremely burdened, and their fighting spirit is running out. They should not go far yet, let's chase!" said the figure beside Qiu Huaniao.

"Waste waste!"

"Don't you know by this time?"

"He Xiao Yan was a fluke once, can it be luck the second time?"

"You idiots!" Qiu Huaniao said angrily, how could his father send so many wastes to follow him.

"Hehe, I wonder who is angry here, it turns out to be Qiu Huo Niao."

"You're still the same, you like to get angry like this." A kind voice also appeared.

Qiu Huantiao looked up, and a fat man with a rather bloated figure also appeared in front of several people.

"damn it!"

"It's actually Luo Guang!" Qiu Huo's expression became solemn.

"How is it possible, it's actually the third-ranked ""King Kong is not bad Luo Guangpang"! "Qiu Huoniao's entourage was also surprised.

Ask for a ticket~

There are a lot of things to do after the school starts, classes, club affairs, and I have been studying for a driver's license for a long time, so the update is a little slow. When I am almost free, I will work hard to break out. After a long time, I will update it twice a day.

Dear readers, please forgive me~