Chapter Vol 4 952: Human World Law Enforcer!

"This beast has such a high level of concealment?" On the other side, the hawk-faced man searched the Forest of Death, but did not find Xiao Mu, but with his perception and special marks, Xiao Mu was clearly still in the Forest of Death. .

The eagle-faced man was surprised that every time Xiao Mu was about to find him, he would always be cleverly avoided by him.

"Oh……"

"someone is coming."

"I hope I can help me find him with these few humans." The eagle-faced man said, and then the aura around his body suddenly dropped, and in a short time he reached the level of a seven-star fighting emperor.

"Damn it, it was discovered..." The Golden Dragon King found the eagle-faced man immediately, and then cursed secretly.

"Little Yanzi, act as soon as possible. Before you find your clan, remember not to act rashly." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, he poured directly into the collection ring.

At this time, Xiao Yan's face also turned gloomy.

"Hehe, two little brothers." Just as the Golden Dragon King disappeared, an eagle-faced man suddenly appeared beside Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan.

"Your Excellency... is there something wrong?" Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan are also veterans, so they naturally said calmly, without any other signs of fear.

"This forest of death is full of dangers. I don't know why the two of you came in?" The eagle-faced man said with a smile.

Xiao Mu's matter can be extremely important. It must be confirmed that these two people came by luck, otherwise, if these two people came to rescue Xiao Mu, it would disturb his plan.

However, the eagle-faced man was thinking the next moment, the strength of these two people, one is a six-star Dou Emperor, and the other is a seven-star Dou Emperor, if they come to rescue Xiao Mu, it is undoubtedly impossible.

"The two of us came in to hunt down some magical beasts and sell them for money, why?" Xiao Xuan stood up and said to the hawk-faced man.

With their perception and the words of the Golden Dragon King just now, Xiao Xuan and Xiao Yan both knew that the figure in front of them should be the murderer who hunted down their Xiao clan.

"That's it."

"I happen to have a deal here. I wonder if you two are interested?" The hawk-faced man said slowly.

"What business, let's hear it." Xiao Xuan stopped Xiao Yan and said.

Those who can enter the Forest of Death are naturally ruthless people by nature, so for the sake of sufficient profit, they even don't hesitate to fight.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Otherwise, with the strength of the hawk-faced man, killing the two of Xiao Yan would not be like pinching an ant to death.

"I tracked a monster in the Forest of Death for a long time. I seriously injured it a few days ago, but he fled into the depths of the forest, so I couldn't find it after searching for a long time."

"If the two of you are willing to help me find the magical beast, just mention it at any cost." The eagle-faced man smiled and stared at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan.

"Is that so..."

"Let's think about it." Xiao Xuan spoke slowly, then pulled Xiao Yan aside and whispered something.

"I hope the two of you don't disappoint me, otherwise, there is no difference between killing you and killing you." The eagle-faced man seemed to have the chance to win, and did not take Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan seriously. After all, the difference in strength between the two was too great. huge.

"Ancestor, this guy should be the one who hunted down our Xiao clan. I felt a terrifying aura from him, that kind of aura, I am afraid that only Dou Xian has it..." Xiao Yan said in a low voice.

"The monster he just mentioned should be from our Xiao clan. We will count on it, like this..." When Xiao Xuan heard the words, he nodded his head and made plans.

"Hey, boy, have you discussed it?"

"If you two don't do such a good deal, I'll find someone else." The hawk-faced man said.

"Do it, why not do it."

"It's been a long time since it opened, I'm definitely going to do it." Xiao Xuan said with a smile.

"That's fine."

"Come on, this mark, you can find it with this thing."

"We'll be looking for each other in three separate ways. As for the reward, after the event is completed, you will be indispensable." After the hawk-faced man finished speaking, a red light slowly appeared on the palms of Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Okay." Xiao Xuan and Xiao Yan took the red light seal and swept aside.

"Is it an illusion? I always feel that something is wrong with these two boys..." Hawkface watched the two men leave, and then spoke slightly.

However, at this time, he couldn't care less, so he had to rely on the two to find Xiao Mu first. Xiao Mu was too sensitive to his own breath, so the hawk-faced man came up with this solution.

Moreover, the eagle-faced man had already planned it. After finding Xiao Mu, the two men would inevitably die.

"This light mark..."

"It really is the taste of our Xiao family." Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan were separated, but they still kept in touch.

The red light seal slowly flowed on Xiao Yan's palm. This light seal was formed by the hawk-faced man condensing a trace of the Xiao clan's aura. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan who originally possessed the Xiao clan's breath, he would definitely have identified it as an ordinary light seal. , but fortunately Xiao Yan found it.

"I didn't expect that the one who chased and killed your Xiao clansmen was actually the law enforcer in the center of the human world."

"It looks like a big fish." The voice of the Golden Dragon King sounded slowly in Xiao Yan's mind at this time.

"The center of the human world?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"These things are too far away for you."

"However, I can also tell you that the center of the human world is the gathering point of the most powerful people in the entire human world. Perhaps the fall of your Xiao family Dou Di blood and the disappearance of your race have something to do with themGolden Dragon King said very cautiously.

"Then what is the Human World Law Enforcer?" Xiao Yan still wondered.

"The center of the human world is the gathering point of the strongest. In that place, it is the maker and executor of the rules of the human world."

"For some humans who trigger the rules or resist, the Human Center will send strong men to encircle and suppress them."

"Those who are strong are called enforcers of the Human World."

"However, the ones with the lowest strength are the Immortal Fighters, and because they live in the center of the human world, their strength is much more tyrannical than the average Fighter Immortals." The Golden Dragon King said slowly.

"Damn, it's actually so strong." Xiao Yan couldn't help but cursed secretly after hearing this.

"Don't worry, although this guy is not weak, he hasn't reached the level that I am now." The Golden Dragon King comforted him.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed, and then he used his blood and red light seal to carefully search for the people of their Xiao clan!

The eagle-faced man is the law enforcer in the human world. He wants to find Xiao Mu through Xiao Yan and the two and kill them all, but the purpose of Xiao Yan and the two is to find Xiao Mu and then kill the law enforcer in the human world!

It can be said that they use each other.

"Squeaky." In the dense forest of the Forest of Death, a man in commoner slowly sensed somewhere in the forest.

"Are they here..." The man was sticking a tree, and the scars of different sizes on his body were extremely conspicuous!