Chapter : 79 Solve the Skeleton!

Although Xiao Yan knew from the mouth of his master, the Golden Dragon King, that Su Xueying had just used the power of the source of holy flame, he was really shocked.

As we all know, the different fire is the power born in this world, even the first three flames on the Dou Qi Continent’s list of different fires do not have such a terrifying source power, the terrifying source power of this blue holy flame – Frozen The throne is really strong and outrageous...

Even in the deepest part of the ruins, there is a terrifying prohibition in the emperor's stone chamber that suppresses the strength of the four-star Dou Emperor, and the blue flames are overwhelming, and then the fierce corpse gas and skeletons in the air are instantly frozen under the extremely hot temperature. Sealed up!

"Even the skeleton of a man as strong as an emperor can be frozen!" Xiao Yan couldn't help his scalp tingling as he looked at this appearance.

Even if the fierce corpse aura emanating from the bones of the emperor did not reach the strength of a seven-star fighting emperor, it would not be too inferior. Xiao Yan had expected that the holy flame was definitely not simple, but he did not expect that the origin of this holy flame would be The power can even freeze the vicious corpse aura!

You must know that the vicious corpse qi was originally invisible and colorless, but due to too much corpse qi, it was entrenched in the air to form a radiating energy light group, and the energy light group was comparable to the five-star Dou Emperor powerhouse! Holy flame can even freeze this corpse energy, the power of holy flame is well-deserved!

"I just don't know if there is any difference between my strange fire and holy flame. What is the same thing?" Xiao Yan also muttered to himself. Although he had many doubts in his heart, he was quite concerned about his own strange fire. She is confident, but it is impossible to directly talk to Su Xueying about this kind of question, otherwise she will be treated like a fool.

When the terrifying blue flames attacked, Xiao Yan also felt that the space around him was filled with scorching heat. !

The originally ferocious corpse aura was instantly frozen in mid-air, and a long ice-like ice block appeared out of thin air in mid-air, and then the skeleton was also frozen tightly. Under the terrifying high temperature, I feel the cold that goes deep into my bones!

Even the vindictive energy all over his body was condensed into an ice fog. Fortunately, Xiao Yan's timely operation was because he was covered in vindictive energy so that the blue flames would not invade the ice fog!

"This is what a real holy flame should look like!"

"But if this little girl wins, the frozen area will be even stronger!" While Xiao Yan was amazed, the voice of the Golden Dragon King suddenly rang in the ring.

"I heard from the master that there is something unsolved by the master here, and there is also a holy flame..." Hearing the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan also looked forward to the holy flame.

As the power of the holy flame erupted in Su Xueying's body to relieve the crisis, a feeling of weakness immediately emerged from the body, and the originally bright red face was also slightly pale. She was using a huge amount of strength to suppress her strength, and the Qinglian under her feet burst into a dazzling light at this moment, as if she was restoring the fighting spirit in Su Xueying's body.

Sensing the changes in her body, Su Xueying finally had some moving expressions in her clear moo.

"Success!" Su Xueying said weakly to Xiao Yan. Because she also knew that although her holy flame's source of freezing power was strong, she would not have succeeded without Xiao Yan's feint...

Now her strength has been suppressed too much since she entered the ruins. The strength of the peak of the Samsung Dou Di is not enough to display the real power of the source of holy flame. Now this may only be regarded as the power of false holy flame, but these It also puts a lot of load on your body.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan also looked at Su Xueying with a pale face, and couldn't help but asked, and then the ring on his hand flashed, and several high-level medicinal pills flew towards Su Xueying out of thin air.

Su Xueying was not hypocritical, she opened her mouth after taking the medicine pill, and swallowed it instantly. Just after swallowing the medicinal pill, a stream of extremely gentle energy was decomposed from the medicinal pill and spread out throughout the body to nourish the slightly weak body.

With her eyes, she could see at a glance that this pill is not low-level, and it is now in the deepest part of the ruins. There are inevitably some unknown mysteries, and restoring strength is the most important thing.

"Oh? There are such treasures that can both attack and defend. It seems that this little girl's background is not weak." Seeing Qinglian slowly exuding an extremely pure force nourishing Su Xueying, entrenched in Xiao Yan The Golden Dragon King in the ring was also a little surprised, and immediately smiled, his fingers swung a little into the air, and a brilliant beam of light directly wrapped Xiao Yan.

"Buzz!"

The beam of light wrapped Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan only felt that a strong force was repairing the exhausted fighting spirit in his body. Although the immediate crisis was temporarily lifted, no one could guarantee that the emperor would have any tricks. , is also careful to make the Wannian ship immediately.

The azure flames from the azure lotus that Su Xueying was treading on her feet madly moved towards her body, and azure rays of light appeared on her body.

As the fighting qi recovered a little, the light beams wrapped around Xiao Yan's body also dissipated. In the end, even the dead seven-star Dou Emperor peak powerhouse showed up, grab the things and leave quickly, it's better not to stay in this ghost place for a long time.

Su Xueying's exhausted grudge was almost recovered. Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, she also followed Qinglian.

The two ignored the ferocious corpse aura that had long been frozen into ice cubes, and then walked straight from the stone entrance to the place where the skeleton was located.

Just as he approached Skeleton Zhang Xu, Xiao Yan felt a piercing cold, and then Xiao Yan instantly summoned a strange fire to cover his body to resist the remaining frozen power of the holy flame.

Ten steps...

three steps...

Step two...

One step!

Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly when he looked at the frozen skeleton from a close distance.

The original jade-white skeleton appeared even more crystal silver and antimony after being frozen, and the blood-red blood mist emitted by the blood essence around the skeleton was actually frozen!

"Be careful, there will inevitably be problems." Xiao Yan suddenly turned his head and greeted Su Xueying. After all, the ruins of the emperor did not play cards according to the routine, so he had to be careful.

"Um."

"I'll give you the blood and take it out. I'll help you around, but be careful, the power of the source of the holy flame is no trivial matter." Su Xueying also spoke slowly, apparently using the power of the source of the holy flame is still there. Somewhat exhausted.

Xiao Yan was also a little surprised when he heard this. Originally, this woman was very defensive about her, but now she is like this...

But Xiao Yan also knew that this was not the time to think about this issue, and immediately looked at the few drops of blood on the chest of the frozen skeleton.

"Let's see where you're going now!"

​​