Chapter Vol 2 736: The reason why no one succeeds in cultivation

"Is this the moving ruler..." Xiao Yan's eyes became dull, because the ancient aura emanating from the golden fighting skill scroll made his body tremble.

"This is..." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan's eyes became surprised, because at this time, the golden scroll had been slowly opened by Xiao Yan, and a few lines of prominent characters slowly appeared in the golden scroll.

"Moving the ruler of the sky is the ingenuity of the sky, using the ruler as a body, and using the ruler as a living."

"This technique is my proud work."

"Cultivation to the end, enough to use force to return force, or to strike the sky." Just a few lines of big characters appeared directly on the golden scroll.

"What about the cultivation method of fighting skills?" Although these lines of characters shocked Xiao Yan, it was obvious that fighting skills were extraordinary, but Xiao Yan frowned.

Isn't this golden scroll the treasure of their own palace, why is it empty?

A fighting skill scroll must record this cultivation method. If there is no cultivation method, it will definitely not be kept in this way.

And no matter how powerful this fighting skill is, if there is no specific cultivation method, an empty shell will obviously not help at a higher level.

"This is..." Xiao Yan's eyes were focused on the old guard, that meant he was clearly saying, are you kidding me all the time?

"Cough cough cough..."

"This fighting skill scroll has been like this ever since it appeared in our Burning Incense Pavilion. It's just these few big characters. This is the reason why no one has successfully cultivated for thousands of years." The old guard coughed a few times and then said.

"What the hell?" Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing. He came here hard and was tortured. As a result, the old man told himself that writing a scroll of fighting skills was like this. Isn't this an obvious trick.

"Hey, boy, we didn't lie to you, the cultivation method of this Heavenly Ruler is specifically on this Dou Skill Scroll, the reason why there is no cultivation method on this Dou Skill Scroll, I'm afraid it is your fate with him. I haven't arrived yet, after all, the pavilion master has personally read the Dou Skill Scroll." The old guard said immediately.

"Dare to be so sure of the fighting spirit powerhouses..."

"But there is clearly nothing else in this fighting skill scroll..."

"Talking about fate with me, I still don't believe in this evil." Xiao Yan said coldly, but his eyes were fixed on the golden scroll.

"No, I'm afraid there is a secret in this Dou Skill Scroll." The next moment, Xiao Yan, a dazzling Emperor Yan suddenly appeared on the palm of his hand, and then without hesitation, he directly burned away at the golden scroll.

"Ahhh, boy, what are you doing!" Xiao Yan's actions just took action, and the old guard hurriedly shouted.

If it were an ordinary person, I am afraid that the old guard would not be like this, but this person is Xiao Yan!

Not to mention that Xiao Yan is Zhu Jin's disciple, just the flame power on this kid made me vigilant. If this kid destroys this precious fighting skill scroll, I'm afraid I won't be able to escape!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's flame was finally one step faster than the old guard's, and in just one breath, it was wrapped around the golden fighting skill scroll.

"Boy!" The old guard came to Xiao Yan's side, and just wanted to extinguish the flame, but saw a slight change on the golden scroll.

"Good guy!" Xiao Yan couldn't help scolding.

My own emperor flame is a flame that combines the power of twenty-three different fires. Although the strange fire is not comparable to the holy flame, it is better than those twenty-three different attributes. Even this emperor flame is extremely powerful. fear.

But where did Xiao Yan think that in the face of such a terrifying power of Emperor Yan, this golden scroll was actually indifferent. At most, there was a slight change in the golden scroll.

"Flame?"

"How could the flame affect this golden scroll?"

"After the pavilion master came here, I have tried flames, soul power or spiritual power, including some rare methods of poisonous fighting qi, but it didn't work. How can this kid's flame actually make this golden scroll change?" The old guard came. When he arrived at Xiao Yan's side, he noticed some changes.

Under the burning of Xiao Yan's flame, the few lines of large characters on the golden scroll actually faintly showed signs of melting. Although this change was extremely weak, it was still felt by the old guard who was as powerful as the Nine Star Dou Emperor. .

"Increase the intensity of the flame, don't stop, it seems that you can really create miracles." The old guard said directly to Xiao Yan the next moment.

As Xiao Yan continued to spread out the power of Emperor Yan, at this time Xiao Yan's body was indistinctly squandered a lot of Dou Qi. After all, Emperor Yan was very consuming Dou Qi.

"No, this flame is not strong enough. If your flame is stronger, it might be possible, but now it is not possible." The old guard looked at Xiao Yan sweating profusely, and immediately said.

The old guard knows that this is almost the limit of Xiao Yan.

"Hey, you can go back. There are quite a few saint-level fighting skills in this Dou Skill Pavilion. You should go out and find a fighting skill that suits you. Don't think about this treasure of the palace."

"Since the flame is useful for this fighting skill scroll, I will go back and tell the pavilion master and them to see if they can find a solution."

"I have to say, you are really surprising, don't worry, we will definitely give you a chance to cultivate once this fighting skill scroll is resolved." The old guard smiled.

"Di Yan can't do it..."

"It seems that this Emperor Yan is still a little weaker after all." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, then stretched his waist, as if he had decided to do something.

"Go out quickly, while you still have time, it's enough for you to find another exercise." The old guard hurriedly left here and went out to report this shocking news to the senior management of Fenxiang Pavilion. The problem is that you can also regain your freedom.

"Ha ha."

"Senior, don't go in a hurry."

"I still have a way I haven't tried, how do you know that I can't succeed?" Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

The old guard was secretly startled. Although he didn't know why, Xiao Yan's smile at this time actually made him feel faintly uneasy.

"Sheng Yan, come out." Seeing that the old man stopped, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly.

As Xiao Yan opened his mouth, a khaki-yellow holy flame replaced as many as twenty-three emperor flames on Xiao Yan's body. Immediately, in the entire stone hall, the eight stone pillars also trembled, and even Xiao Yan's body trembled. The Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler behind him and the golden scroll on the palm all resonated extremely happily.

"This is……"

"The power of holy flame?" The next moment, the old guard's pupils shrank tightly, staring at the khaki-yellow flame power on Xiao Yan's body as if he were looking at a monster.

In that khaki flame, there was a huge force that made him feel uneasy slowly entrenched, like a dragon ready to go.

"Go!" Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, he used his holy flame power to go towards the golden scroll.

And as the power of this holy flame surfaced on the golden scroll, the lines of characters on the golden scroll were like snow meeting the fiery flames and quickly melted away.

"Guru!" A smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth. It seemed that this problem was finally solved, but before Xiao Yan could react, a strange power was scattered from the golden scroll, which directly swallowed Xiao Yan and entered immediately. The golden scroll rolled up automatically, and the khaki-colored holy flame was outside the golden scroll, like a guard.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"My dear, it seems that this time, there really is an incredible little guy in the Hall of People."

"I have to say, Zhu Jin, you old monster's disciple is also a monster." The old guard was full of smiles. He naturally knew about the scene just now that the golden scroll was successfully deciphered and Xiao Yan was taken to the scroll. I have gone to practice fighting skills in the independent space, so I am not worried.

Ask for tickets!