Chapter Vol 4 981: Mysterious remnants!

"Ah, it's fine."

"Since this thing has now fallen into the hands of this kid, then I have a relationship with him, and in my current state, I am afraid that whoever swallows it may not be sure. It is better to be a free and easy person." The Lord of Soul Eater is suffering in his heart. After struggling for a while, he opened his mouth slightly.

"Do you want to know the origin of Ghost Face Soul Flame?" After a while, the Master of Soul Eater changed his appearance and said, looking at the strange pattern in the air.

"I think." Xiao Yan naturally agreed without even thinking about it. After all, Xiao Yan probably knew very little about Sheng Yan's news.

"Then you have to promise me a condition first." The Lord of Soul Eater sold Guan Zi.

"What conditions?" Xiao Yan asked suspiciously.

"If you are fortunate enough to swallow the Ghost Face Soul Flame, you must go to the ghost world with me." The Master of Soul Eater said solemnly.

"Okay, no problem." Xiao Yan agreed, although he didn't know what the Soul Eater's purpose was, but Xiao Yan was not afraid.

"Ghost face ghost flame, fire is cyan, with fire as the source, supplemented by absorbing ghost qi, once a strong person displayed it, within a thousand miles, ghost qi surrounded the ground everywhere, and the yin wind roared, causing people to retreat without a fight. "

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"In the ghost world, there are all eerie ghost qi, and when Sheng Yan was born, it was naturally extremely weak. Only by constantly swallowing and absorbing the power of heaven and earth can it slowly transform. At that time, Ghost Face Soul Flame absorbed a large number of ghosts. Angry, and then there is what it looks like now."

"If you absorb it, I'm afraid that the ghost qi of some ordinary ghosts will be irrelevant to you, and the damage caused by the opposite side will probably drop a lot." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"This holy flame actually has such an effect."

"But will the ghost energy in the holy flame affect my devouring?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask, this question is what Xiao Yan is most concerned about.

"As we all know, in the ghost world, almost all of them are the gathering place of some lonely ghosts and wild ghosts. What they have are just souls, or three souls and seven souls that are more miserable than souls."

"And the ghost-faced holy flame was once in the hands of a ghost fairy in the ghost world."

"You don't need to know the name of that ghost fairy, but what you need to know is that even if this holy flame is contaminated with ghost energy, if you want to swallow it, it's easy."

"Holy Flame, there are thirty-six flowers in the entire Great Thousand World."

"And this great world was divided into seven realms by your human beings, so this holy flame fell into the seven realms."

"And this ghost face and soul flame is naturally in the hands of our ghost world, and it can also be regarded as a symbol of our ghost world."

"If you take back the ghost-faced holy flame, you might be able to enter some treasured places in the ghost world, and it will be of great help to your cultivation improvement."

"And you don't have to worry about your doubts."

"Whether the holy flame has ghost energy or demonic energy, it is a nemesis for foreign evil races, and for the absorber, there is no other obstruction, but the attributes of power are different." The Lord of Soul Eater laughed. .

"Since that's the case, then I'm relieved." Xiao Yan said, staring at the void pattern for a while before saying.

"Close." After a while, the Master of Soul Eater said a word, and the black energy that formed the pattern suddenly returned to the mysterious stone.

"You keep this stone, maybe it can be used in the blood river."

"Also, the holy flame is no accident. It should be in the deepest part of the second layer of the blood river. I am afraid that this time it will be a battle between dragons and tigers. You have to be prepared."

"I also have to prepare." After the Soul Eater reminded Xiao Yan, he immediately disappeared into Xiao Yan's acceptance ring.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly, then carefully put away the mysterious stone.

"It seems that there is still some time, so I simply take out the piece of residual picture that Xuanmu got." Xiao Yan glanced outside the house and found that the moonlight was extremely bright at this time. It was obviously the second half of the night. At this time, Xiao Yan was completely drowsy, and suddenly became interested.

"Looking at the material, it should be a roll of sheepskin map?"

"I just don't know if it's a treasure." Xiao Yan just took out the remnant picture he got from Xuanmu, and immediately laughed.

"Open it and have a look." No one was around, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"..." At first, Xiao Yan didn't think much about it and opened it directly with his hands, but when Xiao Yan's hands touched the sheepskin scroll, an extremely strong repulsive force slowly resisted Xiao Yan.

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan saw that this thing could not be opened with his hands, and immediately realized that it might be a treasure, and immediately mobilized his soul power to leave.

But this time, no matter how powerful Xiao Yan's soul was, the sheepskin scroll didn't react at all.

"Damn it." Xiao Yan couldn't help but shake the corner of his mouth as he watched the sheepskin scroll indifferent as he approached the fighting spirit level soul power.

"Could it be that it was the record of Sheng Yan?" The next moment, Xiao Yan was overjoyed.

I only found a holy flame now, so there won't be another one in this residual picture, right?

With the attitude of giving it a try, Xiao Yan directly urged the Fire Heart Tianyan in his body to go towards the sheepskin scroll.

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling khaki holy flame wrapped the sheepskin scroll in a short while, and the raging fire continued to burn, as if it would be turned into ashes in the next moment.

But Xiao Yan found that no matter how much he increased the power of the holy flame, the sheepskin scroll would remain motionless.

"It seems that I have really met a treasure." Xiao Yan looked at the sheepskin scroll and was at a loss. He wanted to wait until later, but suddenly, another residual picture appeared in Xiao Yan's body.

"Isn't this the remnant picture obtained in the Yue Family Ruins?"

"I remember that my uncle, the Golden Dragon King, said that this remnant picture needs holy flame to open, how could I forget it." Xiao Yan watched another scroll appear, then patted his forehead and said.

At this time, in front of Xiao Yan, two scrolls slowly appeared. As for Xiao Yan, he watched quietly, it seemed that these two scrolls were undergoing wonderful changes.

"Weng Om!" With the appearance of the second scroll, a mysterious rune the size of a slap suddenly burst out of Xiao Yan's body, and then directly poured into the second scroll while Xiao Yan was stunned!

And with the appearance of the mysterious rune Xiao Yan discovered that these two scrolls were actually merged into one!

"The core inscription of God's natal life?"

"This thing was only a quarter back then..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he watched the core inscriptions of Shen Dong's natal life pour into the scroll in front of him and merged the two scrolls.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the two scrolls suddenly lost all light and then dimmed.

At this time, a more splendid core inscription of the divine natal life slowly hovered in the air.

"Two-quarters of the way?" Xiao Yan immediately concentrated, feeling the strength of the core of the divine movement, and couldn't help but be surprised.

Then, after carefully sensing the inside of the body, the core inscription turned out to be able to condense as many as 9,000, and on top of the core inscription of the divine movement, there are also some extremely mysterious and obscure ancient lines!

What does nine thousand paths mean?

It means that Xiao Yan is already on an equal footing with the nine-star Dou Emperor powerhouse just by virtue of his status as a Dou Formation Master!

You must know that Zhu Jinxuan, the first battle formation master in the three days, has only condensed 11,000 ways!

"Hehe, it seems that the blood river is interesting now." Xiao Yan slowly put away the core inscription of Shen Dong's life and said with a smile.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know what was going on, the two-volume fragmentary picture just now made the core inscription of the divine movement, which was only a quarter of the original incomplete, complete to two-quarters!

In addition to the soul power, I am afraid that the current Xiao Yan can really kill the eight-star Dou Di powerhouse!