Chapter Vol 4 1129: Evil pharmacist!

"Be careful, everyone first look around."

"Don't touch the things here, otherwise the trigger mechanism will be bad."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If you find anything, don't act on your own, explore together." Xiao Yan said softly.

"En." Qing'er and Qingwen nodded lightly when they heard the words, and then the three of them separated, and each went to the side to explore. . . .

"I didn't realize that this alchemy hall is quite large." And Xiao Yan was also ready to explore. He raised his pupils and immediately looked at this extremely huge alchemy hall, and couldn't help but say.

This Pill Hall is a square as a whole, but its width is several thousand meters, which is enough to show the grandeur of this Pill Hall.

"By the way, how were the ten puppets controlled?" Just as Xiao Yan started to walk, a doubt appeared.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, he knew that the ten Dou Di Peak puppets were all serving the Dou Xian puppet, and that Dou Xian puppet was probably the proud work of the master of the Pill Palace.

"Forget it, let's see if there are any treasures first." After thinking for a while, he didn't think about it, and Xiao Yan didn't think about these things.

"The arrangement of this medicine-refining cauldron is really mysterious." Xiao Yan walked around very carefully, and the power of his soul spread out. Once Qing'er and Qingwen were in danger, they would be able to find out immediately.

"Why do these medicine cauldrons appear in a circular arrangement as a whole? Are they protecting something?" Xiao Yan walked around, but saw that in the center of the alchemy hall, many medicine cauldrons were arranged in exactly the same way, facing the alchemy hall impressively. The center revolves around it, as if to protect something.

"There should be something here." Xiao Yan heard the words, and suddenly his body fell slightly, passed directly under the cauldron, and came to the rear of the cauldron.

These medicine refining cauldrons are tens of meters high, and many of the medicine refining cauldrons surround the center of the alchemy hall with water, and the scene in the center cannot be seen from the outside.

"This is..." Xiao Yan just came to the rear through the medicine refining cauldron, and suddenly Xiao Yan fell into a brief contemplation, not for anything else, but because of what he saw in front of him.

What was reflected in front of Xiao Yan was a sunken ground.

Dozens of medicine-refining cauldrons are arranged in an elliptical arrangement, and the sunken ground is well protected. If Xiao Yan hadn't come in, it would be difficult to find them, and these medicine-refining cauldrons are surrounded by the sunken ground in front of them.

"There's something weird here." And Xiao Yan is also a keen person, not only with a huge soul power, but also with some intuitions formed by walking outside for many years. Just a glance, he found something wrong here.

The sunken ground in front of him has steps, one by one, and there are about twenty steps before reaching the bottom.

As for the bottom, it was a circular open space. The circular open space was about ten meters in size, but there was nothing on it. It was this strangeness that made Xiao Yan a little surprised.

"Try it first." Xiao Yan swept his eyes around, but did not find any abnormality, and immediately said.

As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately took a small stone from his side, activated his grudge, and projected it towards the ground he followed.

This is the safest way. If there is any mechanism or danger, Xiao Yan can also respond immediately.

"Crackling." With a fierce energy, Xiao Shishi was directly projected by Xiao Yan into the center of the sunken ground, but nothing happened.

"Is it an illusion..." Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this.

"..." After a few minutes, it was still deadly silence.

"Forget it, let them come and have a look together." Xiao Yan heard the words, shook his head slowly, and immediately withdrew from the medicine refining cauldron.

And as Xiao Yan left, a small crack appeared on the ground, and then the small stone was swallowed up!

"Have you found anything?" After a while, Xiao Yan found Qing'er and Qing Wen and asked.

"In this alchemy hall, almost no panacea is seen, but a lot of gold and silver treasures are seen, which is very strange." Qing'er said with her eyebrows upside down.

"Qing'er is right."

"And we searched every corner of this Pill Palace, but we didn't find the bones of the owner of the Pill Palace, which is quite strange."

"I'm afraid there is some mechanism here." Qing Wen also looked around vigilantly.

"I found something." Xiao Yan nodded slightly after hearing this.

"What did you find?" Qing Wen exclaimed when he heard this.

"You guys will come and have a look and you'll know." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he directly led them towards the original place.

"This is……"

"Twelve cauldrons to worship?" And Qing Wen couldn't help but exclaimed immediately after passing through the medicine cauldron.

"Twelve cauldrons to worship?" Xiao Yan and Qing'er were slightly surprised when they heard the words, obviously they didn't know what Qing's book meant.

"Haha, I don't blame you for not knowing."

"The worship of the twelve cauldrons is a rather ancient sorcery. It is said that it is a means used by some unrighteous people to protect their remains. The powerful energy contained in it may not be able to be deciphered by ordinary people." Qingwen said. .

"Then what's going on with the sunken ground in front of you?" Xiao Yan asked Zaidu when he heard the words. Although this ground was not dangerous, Xiao Yan always felt that something was wrong.

"I'm afraid there is another mystery here." When Qing Wen heard the words, his eyes turned to the twelve fumigated medicine pots around here.

"That Dingkou is not right!" The next moment Qingwen gave the answer.

"Dingkou?" Xiao Yan heard the words and looked at him, but it was like what Qing said in the book.

Ordinary cauldrons are introverted, because cauldrons are used to stimulate flames, and these twelve medicinal cauldrons, the cauldron above each one, depicts an extremely vicious head, and the cauldron is impressive It is open to the space in front of you!

"As long as these cauldrons are closed, I think the answer we want will appear." Qingwen said.

"Do it!" At the next moment, Qingwen said, not wasting any time.

"Bang bang bang!" The three figures swiftly moved towards the dingkou, and in just a few breaths, the dingkou was completely closed!

"Be careful." Qing Wen said, standing on the last medicine tripod.

At this time, the mouths of the twelve medicine cauldrons, except for this one, have all been closed.

"I hope nothing will happen." Qing Wen said to himself, and when he finished speaking, he raised his palm fiercely and closed the mouth of the cauldron.

And with the closure of the twelve cauldrons, a shocking scene appeared in front of the three of them.

Everyone saw that the originally bland space below suddenly appeared a white mist, and then there seemed to be the sound of some mechanism turning, which made people shudder!

"This is……"

"Evil Medicine Master?" And as the white fog slowly disappeared, a skeleton appeared in the space below, and Qing Wen couldn't help but lose his voice, and a shock emerged in his heart!