Chapter 565: ask!

"Success?" Shanyao said with great joy upon seeing this!

"Yep……"

"Fortunately not to be humiliated." Xiao Yan heard the words, smiled first, and then slowly walked towards the three of them.

"Hehe, you really are hiding a lot." Seeing this, Snake Xing also respected Xiao Yan even more in his heart!

"But I see your breath, it doesn't look like you have broken through to the emperor's realm..." Snake Punishment is worthy of the old eyes, although he can't know the specific level of this refining pharmacist, but with his old eyesight, slow down Slowly, Xiao Yan's difference was revealed.

"I've often heard that there are first-timers, minor perfections, and great perfections at the emperor's realm. Now, I should be able to count as a minor perfection at the god's realm." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Sure enough..." Snake Xing heard the words and was slightly overjoyed. Although he didn't know what the relationship between the alchemist level and the soul power, the stronger the soul power, the higher the level of the pharmacist.

"I didn't expect it to be successful." Shan Ling said in disbelief.

Shan Ling is very clear about the power of this soul liquid, but how could Xiao Yan succeed so easily?

"How is it?" Xiao Yan asked slowly, such a question was obviously directed at the three of Shanyao.

"The strength of the three of us has almost recovered. My own strength is in the early stage of the seven-star Dou Emperor, and so is Shanyao. As for Big Brother Snake, it is the completion of the eight-star Dou Emperor. With you, the initial stage of the five-star Dou Emperor, our lineup is not compatible. Look down." Shan Lingbei bit her lips slightly.

Although Xiao Yan only had the strength of the five-star Dou Di in the early stage, Shan Yao did not dare to despise this kid.

"This lineup is barely acceptable." Xiao Yan heard the words, and suddenly he snorted, obviously facing the top of this desert mountain range, even Xiao Yan today is quite thorny.

"I don't know if you know the news about the top of this desert mountain range?" Xiao Yan suddenly said.

If you want to go to the top of the desert mountain range, you must know some information, otherwise you will be in danger!

"In the top of the desert mountain range, it seems that there is not only the existence of holy flame, but also the owner of the manor. With the addition of a certain alien evil race, I am afraid that the top layer of the desert mountain range will become the biggest challenge this time." When Xiao Yan opened his mouth, Long Yi's faint voice came from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his body.

"I can feel that the top layer of the desert mountain seems to have a strong evil atmosphere, so let's be careful!" Shan Yao said solemnly.

"Okay!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, it was not difficult to see that the few people knew very little about this desert mountain range, and immediately did not ask!

In normal times, Xiao Yan's soul power at the peak of the mortal level of Emperor Realm is enough to make a strong person of the same level accidentally fall directly!

And after stepping into the emperor's realm-level small perfection soul power, Xiao Yan's soul realm is even more massive. At this time, Xiao Yan's soul power strikes with all his strength, and I am afraid that the five-star Doudi emperor will not be able to eat and walk around.

This is the horror of the soul power of the emperor realm!

"Let's go first, go to the top of the desert mountain range, I always feel that something is just about to move somewhere, if it is later, I am afraid it will be bad." Shan Ling said bitterly.

Shan Ling's life experience, although now has a little nod, but Shan Ling is really difficult to accept!

She and Shanyao have been living in that lake since she was a child. In addition to what she said in the letter from Immortal Master Madwood, Shan Ling's heart could not help but tremble!

If it is true that his father abandoned his mother and fled alone, as stated in the letter, then this Mad Wood Immortal Master is not enough for him to admit it!

"Let's go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded.

"Wait a minute, I gave this manor to it." Just as Xiao Yan finished speaking, that Shanyao's eyes suddenly lit up.

"Oh?" When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help but be surprised. Obviously, this mansion and manor is also a very terrifying fairy weapon. As for the specific function, Xiao Yan does not know, but the thing from the fighting fairy must be extraordinary. !

"Bang bang bang!" I don't know what Shan Yaobei said in her lips. In just a few seconds, the mansion and manor that Xiao Yan and the others were standing on suddenly shrunk, and the next moment, it turned into a stream. Liuguang was taken into the body by Shanyao!

"Let's go!" After finishing all this, Shan Yao said to the people with satisfaction.

"En." As the manor and manor were taken back, Shan Ling and the others also responded, and then, a stone platform leading to a high place appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the others!

"This is the road to the top of the desert mountain range. Once we reach this end, we are waiting for unknown dangers..."

"But no matter what, I won't back down!"

"I will definitely figure out my own life experience!" Shan Ling's pupils glowed with unparalleled confidence, and then stepped onto the stone platform stairs and headed towards the top of the desert mountain range!

"Since that's the case, then I can't fall behind, I have to sacrifice my life to accompany the gentleman." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then he was wrapped in the power of strange fire, and stepped directly on it!

The group of four slowly walked towards the stone platform, waiting for them whether it was a chance or a crisis.

Elsewhere in the desert mountains.

Where Mu Feng is located, this is a swamp area with no sun , Every time it rotates, it will filter the evil power of these extraterritorial evil races and then convert it into his own fighting qi, so Mu Feng is here in just one month, and his strength has also skyrocketed from the early stage of Five-Star Dou Di. At the mid-level of the Five-Star Dou Di!

Don't look at this small level, if it is replaced by ordinary practice, I am afraid that it will take a full ten years to break through.

"The middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Di... that's enough."

"Let's leave here first, Xiao Yan and the others should have also gone to the top of the desert mountain range."

"But it's strange. It seems that there are no powerful foreign evil races in this swamp... On the contrary, the top layer of the desert mountain has..." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he slowly exited the cultivation state, and then raised his breath all over his body. Get out of this swamp!

In another place in the desert mountain range, Xiao Yi's figure appeared here.

"This desert mountain range is really full of dangers!" Xiao Yi's pretty face couldn't help but sigh slightly, and then moved quickly, looking at this appearance, it was obviously rushing towards the top of the desert mountain range!

After all, Xiaoyi's strength, although it was only the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor at the beginning, but with the blessing of the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body and some reasons that even Xiaoyi did not know, at this time Xiaoyi's strength has broken through to the eight-star Dou Emperor perfection level. , such a terrifying strength, if it weren't for the relationship with Xiao Yan, I am afraid that this desert mountain range would be pushed out in an instant.

"Forget it, let's go to the top of the desert mountain range first. Xiao Yan and the others should have gone somewhere." On the one hand, the green flute opened his mouth slightly, then left where he was and headed towards the top of the desert mountain range. !

Up to this point, Xiao Yan and his party all had their own adventures. Among the five, Mu Feng and Ludi's strength had skyrocketed to the level of the mid-five-star fighting emperor, and Mu Yingying herself was in the mid-five-star fighting emperor!

Ask for a ticket!