Chapter Vol 4 1662: The transaction was successful!

"This is the end?"

"That's a powerhouse who is about to step into the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals!" Looking at Xiao Yan, he smiled naively, and there was an astonishing look in his beautiful eyes.

Xuan Yuan's tyranny, You Er is extremely unforgettable, she vaguely remembers that Xuan Yuan used the strength of the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal to obliterate the powerhouse in the middle stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, but who would have thought that this tyrannical Xuanyuan would actually be able to do so. Being solved so easily by Xiao Yan, You Er couldn't help but feel a sense of astonishment in her heart.

"There is something wrong with this guy's shadow." Irene stood on the spot from beginning to end, and immediately noticed some slight fluctuations in Xiao Yan's body. When Xiao Yan and Tian Feng were fighting just now, in order to prevent Xiao Yan from being distracted Lin'er didn't alarm him, but from that time on, she noticed that there was no shadow behind Xiao Yan.

"The enemies should have been resolved, so let's get down to business as soon as possible." Xiao Yan walked over, flicked his fingers, and wiped out all the ghost energy left here, and said, but at this time, with the withdrawal of the master of Fire Guard, Xiao Yan's shadow It is also returning to normal.

"Thank you for what happened just now." You Er didn't shirk, and strode directly towards the ice sculpture in the center of the Ice Palace. The cold jade bamboo is extremely important to him. Said to be involved in the holy flame, even if it enters the holy flame space, it will be instantly obliterated.

Among the ice sculptures, there is a frozen jade bamboo.

However, at this time, everyone's eyes were fixed on the spirits inside the ice sculpture, and they didn't notice the squirming of the void in the ice palace and the actions of little Zhuoma.

"Woo!" As Xiao Yan and You Er walked towards the center of the Ice Palace one after the other, a spooky gloomy wind emerged from nowhere.

"This thing..." As the distance got closer, You Er and Xiao Yan stood motionless at the same time, their eyes slightly confused.

In front of it was an ice sculpture that was several dozen feet in size. The ice sculpture was extremely strong and could not be opened without skill. Inside, a lifelike green plant stood quietly.

"These ice cubes are not ordinary things." After Shunxi, You Er shook her head and said, she just came here, and she released the power in her body, trying to crack the ice sculpture and get the cold jade bamboo, but she was surprised I found that every time my soul invaded the ice-carved ice cubes, the chills that penetrated my heart easily swept the depths of my soul, which made You Er feel a chill. I am afraid that her soul power will be completely frozen, and she cannot bear the heavy price.

"Let me come." Xiao Yan frowned and said helplessly.

This trip to the glaciers and Tianhe, if it wasn't for You Er having a detailed map of the Temple of the Lord of the Soul, Xiao Yan wouldn't have been so embarrassed. Anyway, since entering the Holy Tan of the Undying, Xiao Yan has not encountered any good things, but more like It is the thug who generally serves others.

"These ice cubes... seem to have life?" Xiao Yan's palm just touched the ice sculpture in front of him, and suddenly a cold, directly out of Xiao Yan's control, penetrated towards the bottom of Xiao Yan's heart. Ten thousand years of ice caves in general.

You must know that when Xiao Yan was in Dou Qi Continent, his body had already been tempered by many different fires. Now, with the increase of Saint Flame and Dragon God Transformation, it can make everyone feel cold, which is enough to prove that the temperature here is Extraordinarily low!

"Try it with holy flame." Seeing Xiao Yan's forehead, a trace of sweat appeared, You Er hurriedly said, the mystery of this ice sculpture is far beyond his imagination, I am afraid that only the strongest flame can do it .

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and the dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame flowed out from his body like a liquid, pouring into the white jade-like ice sculpture in front of him.

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, the cold jade bamboo, which was completely frozen inside the ice sculpture, wriggled like a living stream, and the green lush aura completely recovered, which made people quite puzzled.

"not good!"

"Rewind!" After the blink of an eye, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly. There seemed to be another Xuantian among the ice sculptures, because the ice cubes on top of the ice sculptures were actually absorbing his own power, and he immediately shouted. , the figure tried to retreat quickly, but the holy flame power in Xiao Yan's body was slowly absorbed by the qi, and even on the ice cube of the ice sculpture, Xiao Yan's palm was firmly fixed.

"Good opportunity!" At the same time, Mu Wushuang, who had been hiding in the dark, had a strange expression and a strange aura surging. With the help of this sudden change to cover up, he shot directly at Xiao Zhuoma. The sudden move made the three of them not prepared.

"Go back!" Seeing this, Irene hurriedly pulled the little Dolma to retreat, but she stumbled, and the little Dolma in her hand seemed to be gone. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Susu...Thank you!" With a single blow, Xiao Zhuoma, who was in a state of obsession, was captured. Mu Wushuang didn't stay for a long time, and swooped directly outside the ice palace.

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Irene seemed to catch up with the skyrocketing speed, but she was helpless to be thrown off in an instant.

"Go on, soul power!" Xiao Yan shouted in a hurry, and it was too late to take care of Xiao Zhuoma. Immediately, Xiao Yan and You Er were wearing extremely violent ice power dazzling souls The power emerged like spring water and gathered towards the ice sculpture.

"Huuuuu." After a few minutes, the ice sculpture slowly became quiet, and even bursts of cracks permeated the ice sculpture, which had always been incomparably strong. As for the power that had just been absorbed, it was injected into the spirit bamboo.

"Crack." With a sound, the ice sculpture shattered instantly, and the green and lush cold jade bamboo was completely exposed in the air like a small piece of jade. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

Apparently, it had just absorbed Xiao Yan's power, as if to restore Lingzhu to its original appearance.

"The transaction should be successful." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan frowned and said.

"This is the map you need. It has the most detailed route to enter the four temples of the Lord of Souls."

"You don't have to worry about me lying to you. This map was given to me by my master, the dean of the Soul Institute." As he spoke, he gently took the cold jade bamboo into his pocket, and immediately took out an exquisitely carved jade-colored scroll. Xiao Yan threw it away.

"No problem." Xiao Yan's soul force intruded into it to investigate and found that there were no other problems, so he carefully put it away.

Xiao Yan always had an intuition about the four major temples of the Lord of Souls. It seemed that no matter what, not only for Mu Yingying but also for Acacia Brokenheart, he had to go there once.

"A friendly reminder, Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation is in the hands of Lord Li Soul. Although he has this map, the defense level of the four temples is far beyond your imagination."

"There will be a period in the future. Let's meet again at the core of the Undying Saint Tan." As soon as the voice fell, You'er figure left without hesitation, leaving only Xiao Yan and the two of them.

And this Ice Palace was as silent as death, not to mention that the little Zhuoma was taken away by Mu Wushuang at the critical moment.