Chapter Vol 4 1114: First battle fairy!

"What?" Qing Wen couldn't help roaring as he felt Xiao Yan slowly pushing his figure out.

Qing Wenwen knew that Xiao Yan's strength was at the pinnacle of Dou Di. Although he had killed the Banxian-level leader of the Yu family before, Banxian and Douxian were far behind.

"Brother..." Qingeryu stretched out her hand and supported Qingwen's figure, and then said with a frown.

"Hey, this guy, I hope he's not a reckless person." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Qing Wen undoubtedly murmured, but if something happened to Xiao Yan, he would definitely not sit idly by.

"The power of life and death... the pinnacle of Emperor Dou."

"I'm curious how you killed our half-immortal-level leader of the Yu family." Seeing Xiao Yan sending Qing Wen away, only himself and Xiao Yan were left in the battle circle, Yu Quan said with a smile.

"Don't you know if you try it?" At this time, Xiao Yan exuded a black and **** of life and death, and also smiled at Yu Quan.

"It seems that you still don't understand the power of Dou Xian strong."

"Alright, today I'll let you know what a Fighting Immortal Powerhouse is." Yu Quan smiled, his smile full of killing intent.

"The power of fighting immortals, the wind eagle bundle!" The next moment, Yu Quan's figure suddenly lifted into the sky, and his body flashed with a blue fighting spirit.

The blue-colored Dou Qi was unusual, and it even gave Xiao Yan a very heavy suppression. It could be seen that the force of fighting immortals was indeed much more powerful than the force of life and death.

And as Yuquan's voice just fell, in the sky, a hundred-zhang giant eagle condensed from cyan Dou Qi slowly came out.

"Whoosh whoosh!" The giant eagle just appeared, and his eyes were fixed on Xiao Yan. On his body, there was no doubt that the fierce aura was on display.

"The power of fighting immortals with the wind attribute, although the destructive power is not as strong as my fire attribute, but under enough wind, it is enough to kill with one blow." Xiao Yan looked at the blue giant eagle in front of him, and muttered slightly.

"Kill me!" As if feeling the huge aura emanating from the giant eagle beside him, Yu Quan smiled slightly, and issued a vicious order directly.

"Crash!" Yu Quan's voice just fell, when the giant tiger's azure energy wings fluttered, and the speed was extremely high, and it flew towards Xiao Yan. The speed was so fast that it caused some phantoms to appear in the line of sight.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky!" Xiao Yan looked at this tyrannical attack and did not dare to neglect it. He took off the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him instantly, the power of flame in his body burned in an instant, and immediately wrapped the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, seven hundred feet in size. The energy ruler mang, madly attacked the energy giant eagle.

"Hahaha."

"it's useless."

"I, the giant eagle transformed by the power of Dou Xian, can instantly tear apart all your attacks."

"Boy, you should pay the price for your recklessness." Yu Quan couldn't help roaring when he saw Xiao Yan's actions.

Yu Quan was clearly aware of the tyranny of the cyan giant eagle. Xiao Yan's attack seemed tyrannical, but under the giant eagle with the power of fighting immortals, it was tantamount to hitting a stone with an egg.

"Shabu Shabu!" The cyan giant eagle's claws suddenly opened, and then it directly caught Xiao Yan's seven claws one after another, and then crushed it with one blow!

"The power of fighting immortals is indeed tyrannical." Xiao Yan was not too panicked when he saw this scene. After all, the attack just now only used his fire attribute and did not use the power of holy flame.

"However... the mere giant eagle just wants to get me, it's too easy!" The next moment, Xiao Yan roared as he watched the cyan giant eagle ripped his seven feet apart.

"Tear him apart for me!" But Yu Quan shouted loudly when he saw Xiao Yan's strange smile.

"Brother!" When Qing'er below saw this scene, there were other emotions flashing in her beautiful eyes. Obviously, even if she had only one relationship with Xiao Yan, she saved her after all. It's human nature.

"I know!" At this time, Qing Wen's face was extremely ugly, and the power of life and death in his body soared, obviously some powerful attack was brewing.

"Die." Looking at Xiao Yan who seemed to give up his resistance, Yu Quan didn't care and said slowly.

After all, Xiao Yan is only a guard of the Qing family. Although his strength is a little perverted, but with his own status, they still dare not do anything to kill some of the Qing family's scoundrels.

"Really..." And Xiao Yan watched as the blue giant eagle's front claws shrank suddenly, grabbed it towards his forehead, and tried to kill him with one blow, but smiled slowly.

As soon as the voice fell, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire on the palm suddenly became bright, and an inexplicable and powerful force slowly emerged.

"Move the sky ruler, move it for me!" And looking at the cyan giant eagle that was close at hand, Xiao Yan's palm suddenly flashed a strange light, and instantly completely enveloped the cyan giant eagle!

"Pfft!" With a sound, the figure of the cyan giant eagle was instantly devoured by Xiao Yan's strange light.

"Bastard!" Upon realizing this scene, even Yu Quan couldn't help but curse.

Just now, the cyan giant eagle could clearly tear down Xiao Yan directly, but why did it disappear inexplicably?

And this kind of trivial matter also made Yu Quan have a hunch that he did not dare. After all, the cyan giant eagle was condensed by Yu Quan using the power of fighting immortals, but as the cyan giant eagle disappeared into the sky, the connection between Yu Quan and the cyan giant eagle, Impressively interrupted!

"Don't look for it, since you want to..."

"Then I'll give it back to you!" Looking at Yu Quan's rather surprised expression, the corners of his mouth obviously moved slightly, and then the space in front of him suddenly wriggled slightly.

The next moment, a huge creature wrapped in blue-yellow flames slowly stepped out of that pupil!

"How is that possible!" And seeing this scene, Yu Quan, who has always been arrogant and arrogant, couldn't help shrinking his pupils tightly!

Because with his perception, he knew that the cyan giant eagle was no longer his thing!

What's more The pupils of the cyan giant eagle were filled with an invisible flame force, and even the outermost blue-yellow flames made Yu Quan feel a wave of death.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" The cyan giant eagle suddenly raised its arms to the sky, and then the blue-yellow flames all over its body jumped like a elf.

"Crash." After doing this, regardless of whether three or seven are one, he rushed towards Yu Quan's position frantically.

"Damn it!" When Yu Quan saw this, his face changed greatly, and he didn't dare to stay any longer. The dazzling azure power of fighting immortals flickered on his body, and he was ready to escape.

"Little bastards, I'll let you bounce around for a while."

"When you arrive at Ghost Moon Well, you will naturally look good." And Yu Quan watched the cyan giant eagle attacking him, and after looking at Qing Wen below, he seemed to be brewing some powerful attack, and immediately backed away.

"Want to go?"

"Where are you running!" And Xiao Yan heard this, and immediately shouted, the flame giant eagle attacked Yuquan directly.

"Shabu Shabu!" And Yu Quan looked at this scene, his figure flickered directly, and the next moment he escaped from here.

"Boom boom boom!" The giant flame eagle flew into the air, and then exploded directly in mid-air. The gorgeous flames made the temperature of Ghost King Ridge a little higher.

"Damn... the wind attribute is really necessary to escape." Seeing Yu Quan who was running so fast and fled directly from here, Xiao Yan couldn't help but cursed secretly.