Chapter Vol 4 1787: Crazy sea beast!

"Oh... so?"

"It looks like you are healed and the scars are forgotten." Seeing how Xiao Yan and Gu Lao were defeated, Jasmine opened her eyes lightly. The fiery red liquid swayed gently, and there was a suffocating wave in it.

"Jasmine, let's show you what a true sea area overlord is!" Seeing Jasmine's expression, the devil whale sea dragon beast sneered and slapped its huge dragon tail lightly, and immediately above this sea area, countless water liquids madly rushed out. From the beginning, they surged rapidly, and after the rest, they formed an extremely sharp hurricane. The hurricane was filled with a desperate breath of death, raging above the sea, and the scene was extremely shocking!

"This guy's strength is also superb. He can actually turn water into a hurricane with such a powerful attack."

"However, Jasmine's Sealing Fighting skill seems to be more powerful." Xiao Yan looked at it slightly. Obviously, although several people were in conflict, for the sake of the overall situation, when it was time to make a move, Xiao Yan would not hide anything.

"Seal fighting skills, the fire of dawn!" Seeing such a fierce hurricane of death permeating the water, Jasmine smiled sweetly, and the fiery red liquid on her palm was heavily thrown at the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast. The scorched red, like the fall of a flaming meteorite, the scene is extremely hot.

"Bang bang bang!" The fiery red liquid just stood quietly, and the moment it was thrown by Jasmine, it was like ignited explosives. The endless hot and sacred aura was completely detonated by it, and it became noisy. The terrifying temperature turned out to be In the sky, it turned into an immediate flame of glow, which easily wrapped the body of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, making it unable to move at all.

"Good guy, it turned out to be a seal at the pinnacle of the holy rank." Seeing such a tyrannical seal fighting skill, Xiao Yan couldn't help but sigh.

"Sealing fighting skills?"

"Not good!" Looking at the fierce sealing power filled in this flame of light, the pupils of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast became solemn for the first time.

Beasts and sea beasts are obviously able to use fighting skills, but unless they are converted to human beings, they cannot learn more advanced fighting skills such as sealing fighting skills. Therefore, sealing fighting skills are a huge threat to them. Hit by the sealing fighting skills, they will be slaughtered like the meat on the chopping board. At that time, the advantages of their sea beasts will be gone.

"Hey!" The dragon tail on the back of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast swayed gently, and the dark golden dragon-shaped stripes filled the entire dragon's tail in an instant. Under this breath, even the extremely tyrannical flame glow became imposing. Cowardly down.

"This guy actually possesses the power of Yalong's bloodline?"

"How is that possible?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise, seeing the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast looking so desperately.

The strength of the dragon family is tyrannical, and there are giants in the world, but many magical beasts with uneven blood power are also contaminated with dragon blood.

A true dragon is the dragon **** including the nine sons of the dragon. All creatures with the power or blood essence of the true dragon, whether they are humans or beasts, will have a qualitative improvement in their strength and status. Next to the existence of digital real dragons, it is also a good position in the dragon family.

"Dragon tail mighty!"

"Dragon tail swings to the sky!" As soon as the voice fell, the dragon tail of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast swelled hundreds of times in an instant, and the dark golden dragon pattern on the dragon tail was even more dazzling, although it was not as good as Xiao Yan's tyrant pattern, But that level of power is also enough to break the seal fighting skills, and immediately headed by the dragon tail, the dragon tail flashing with the power of the dark golden dragon pattern, with a contemptuous sweeping attitude, swept across the flames.

"Boom!" With a sound, the seemingly tyrannical flame glow was easily swept away and destroyed. The whole process was like flowing water without any pause.

"The power of the dragon clan is indeed well-deserved, but don't forget that I am a six-star fighting immortal powerhouse with space attributes!"

"Space Barrier!"

"In the bundle!" At this moment, Jasmine's voice became sharp, unusually harsh.

"Dong, dong, dong!" After a while, a crystal mirror like a prismatic mirror suddenly appeared around the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, and without waiting for it to react, it completely isolated its body from the sea water.

And the dark golden dragon tail that the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast had just displayed obviously needed a lot of support. After a single hit, it also vanished and returned to its normal appearance.

"Two seal fighting skills... You shouldn't feel too well now, right?" At this moment, the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast didn't struggle at all, its huge pupils flickered wildly, staring at Jasmine.

"So this time, I'm here specifically for your reward." Jasmine performed two sealing fighting techniques at the same time, which was a huge burden on herself, but fortunately, she was successfully isolated from the sea and completely bound to the sea. In the sky, otherwise fighting underwater with the devil whale sea dragon beast, even two six-star fighting immortals, I am afraid that there is only one way to fail.

"You are very smart, but you made a fatal mistake." At this time, the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast laughed.

"Come out!"

"My army, my people!" The Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast didn't struggle, but the spatial restraint could not hinder its voice. After a roar, the entire water surface was shaking, and then one after another imposing creatures, Suddenly emerged from under the water.

"A four-star fighting immortal-level Demon Sea Flood Dragon..."

"Tianmo Snake at the late stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortals..." Looking at the tyrannical figures one after another, Jasmine's expression was unprecedentedly solemn.

If she could defeat the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast with her own strength, it would be a lose-lose situation. As for the other overlords in the remaining Demon Sea Regions, I'm afraid they could easily tear them apart.

"Hahaha!"

"Jasmine, this time, I'll see where you guys are going!" At this moment, the voice of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast was extremely ferocious, resounding in everyone's heart like a **** of death.

"This..." After a while, Gu Lao also recovered some fighting power, but he was helpless when he looked at several powerful sea beasts above the sea.

"ended……"

"Fell obediently in the Devil's Sea, and turn it into fertile fertilizer here." The Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast doesn't seem to be in a hurry. It prefers to slowly torture rather than kill it directly. It likes watching humans approach death. of cannibalism.

"Strange... These guys are actually filled with a strange evil nature, and their pupils don't seem to be right." At this moment, Xiao Yan, through his tyrannical soul power, noticed several sea areas that had just emerged. The aura on the lord seems to be not quite right!

This breath is exactly the same as the biter in the crazy state and the previous magic stone lizard!

"It's okay, even if you die, I will kill you completely first." At this moment, Jasmine frowned slightly, and she let out a fierce murderous aura.

Since there is no way to go, it is better to fight the backwater.

"What secrets are there in this sea area?" Xiao Yan was thinking about other things!

In this sea area, there must be a power that makes Sheng Yan uncomfortable, and when these sea beasts are sometimes crazy and not normal, Xiao Yan always feels uncomfortable.

But it seems that except for the sea lord, the devil whale, the sea dragon beast, the rest of the sea lords seem to be like this...

What exactly is going on?