Chapter Vol 4 1843: Fight till the last moment!

the other side.

"Who is the winner?" Watching the thousands of meters of deep color and dark green energy ripples in the sky combine into ice cubes that continue to drip, the bodies of countless people below suddenly tensed, and they stared dumbfounded at the two stalemate above the sky. .

At this moment, the flowers, trees, and even the space above the mountains were frozen, quietly crawling and waiting for the final victory.

After the rest, the battle above the sky is also a winner.

"Hahaha... The power of the stars is tyrannical, but unfortunately I still won." Countless ice cubes fell rapidly, and the **** demons stepped on the countless ice cubes, and the evil energy spread.

At this time, the countless dark green auras on the devil's body were dying, falling off continuously, and the skin protected by the dark green aura also had obvious scars. Once the dark green aura completely fell off, the devil's vitality would also disappear.

"Sure enough..." Lin Yunshu was completely weak, his face was pale, the stars around his body were dim, and he fell vertically into the abyss.

"Chichi..."

"His Royal Highness in human mouths is nothing but the same. It's over." The demon knew that the princess was now in a state of exhaustion, and immediately approached with a seriously injured body step by step. Everything, as if he was the real winner.

"Bang bang bang!" The demon came to Lin Yunshu's body, where he fell, and pushed it out with a palm. Even though his strength was quite weak now, with this palm, Lin Yunshu was the only thing that ended up in a sad death.

"The devil really lives up to its reputation, but you forgot me!"

"Give me a hand and capture it!" The demon shot out, his body became weak, and immediately a black mist trembled and wriggled.

"Is the soul boundless?"

"It can be seen that the original owner of this body hates you very much, so as the one who succeeded him, I am naturally obliged to kill you for him!" After the demon finished speaking, a gleam of evil gleamed in his eyes, and he was fighting with Soul Wuji. together.

"Princess!" Above the sky, Lin Yunshu, who fell vertically, was completely powerless. He wanted to sideways to avoid this devastating palm, but he was weak and found that he couldn't do it.

Lin Yunshu's descent was extremely fast, his goal was heading towards the abyss, and the demon palm that could destroy everything followed closely behind.

"Is this the gate to hell..." The corners of the eyes were so severe that they couldn't open their eyes due to the pressure. They could only vaguely see some very faint light spots under the abyss below.

"Ah Xuan, father and elders, you really failed you." At this moment, Lin Yunshu blamed himself.

Since returning from the Xuanling Continent, the power of the stars in her body has emerged, and she has been practicing day and night, in order to be able to dedicate herself to this huge empire, but now that the catastrophe has come, what she can do is also Minimal.

"Huhu...I'm finally relieved, forgive me for my cowardice and selfishness." The speed has dropped, and he has slowly disappeared from the sight of the common people. He was swallowed by the abyss and fell into the dark abyss. There was no sign of dissipating, but Lin Yunshu was relieved.

"But I don't want to die... I promised, Xuan would put on a wedding dress for him, and Xiao Yan promised him the immortal flame..." Lin Yunshu's eyes couldn't help turning red, and he wanted to struggle, but just now The sequelae caused by forcibly awakening the power of the stars are too strong, and there is nothing I can do now!

"Sisi!" In the abyss, there was a sound of squirming and biting, as if you were their food. Once the anger on your body disappeared, these dark worms around you would not hesitate. bite yourself.

Lin Yunshu closed his eyes gently, trying to make death as easy as possible, and shook his head suddenly to keep himself from thinking about other things.

"Crash!" Just when Lin Yunshu gave up his resistance, one after another extremely harsh and terrifying flames sounded from the dark abyss, like the only light in the dark night.

"Get out of here!"

"Get out of here!"

"Death to me!"

"Xiao Shu, hold on!" One after another roaring roar resounded in the dark abyss.

"Big guy, lean over!"

"Ji Xuan, be optimistic about the position, catch the princess, and I will solve the remaining dark worms!" The three of Xiao Yan stood on the shoulders of a magnificent giant and acted separately.

"That's it?" Lin Yunshu opened his pupils with great difficulty, looking at the three people in front of him as if they were struggling in the dark quagmire.

"Destroy me!!!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's body, the amber flame soul fire fused with the four-color holy flames, was controlled by Xiao Yan's soul power, and turned into a huge and ferocious fire python, wrapped around the dark underworld. , constantly strangling the dark worm.

Dark worms, this is a very special kind of creature. It seems that it is only found in this dark abyss. According to Xiao Yan's analysis just now, this kind of dark worms has no attack power, but they will wait for the rabbit and fall into the darkness. In the abyss, after losing all vitality, they will take the initiative to attack, and their power is enough to swallow the fighting spirit and soul of human beings.

However, Xiao Yan is also surprised that the Dark Underworld can actually be suspended in this figure. It seems that the Dark Underworld has some connection with the following, but the Dark Underworld is admonishing Xiao Yan through the soul brand, there seems to be some big guy below, don't act rashly.

From the deep catastrophe tone of the Dark Underworld Master, it seems to be able to guess that the strength of the thing below may touch the reincarnation, and it is more tyrannical than the masters such as the master of the soul eater!

"Pfft." With a sound, the dark underworld who was entangled by the amber fire python suddenly caught the princess.

"Lord Xiao Yan, there is a devil's palm behind you!" Ji Xuan had no time to catch his breath just after catching the princess, and said indifferently to Xiao Yan.

"Get out of the way!" Xiao Yan didn't speak, his figure jumped up instantly, and in his hand, a four-color flame lotus seed was ready to go.

"Boom!" The terrifying demon palm was hit by Xiao Yanfo's wrathful reincarnation and disintegrated in an instant.

"Xiao Yan, thank you." Seeing that the crisis was resolved, Lin Yunshu also took a deep breath and smiled reluctantly.

"..." Xiao Yan didn't speak, he was guarding the surrounding area, but Gamma's eyes had been staring at him since he entered the abyss, which made Xiao Yan rather ~ You can rest in peace , leave the rest to me. At this moment, Ji Xuan hugged the princess with tenderness like a waterway.

"No, King Father is now taking the rest of his troops to surround the Soul Hall and the Holy See powerhouse. If Soul Wuji and Lin Fengya's demons are not resolved, I'm afraid this time..." Even though Lin Yunshu was weak, there was no stubbornness in his eyes. No reduction.

"But then you will die." Ji Xuan also smelled something in Lin Yunshu's eyes, and said with red eyes.

"Who made me a princess?" Lin Yunshu smiled helplessly, she didn't want this either, but unfortunately, this kind of thing seems to be decided from birth.

She is a princess, a princess who is believed by countless people in the Tianxing Continent. How could she give up the entire continent for her own personal affairs!

While speaking, the lines of stars on Lin Yunshu's forehead flickered, and a trace of soft power filled her body, dazzling like a firefly in the darkness.