Chapter Vol 4 863: Reach the depths of the palace

Several months have passed since the ruins opened.

Wanhuage Headquarters.

Ever since he was abducted by Fen Tian, ​​the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion is in a good mood for some reason, and his attitude towards Fenxiang Pavilion has also undergone a series of changes.

Among them, the one who felt the deepest was Hua Yun, the deputy master of Wanhua Pavilion.

Hua Yun has followed the pavilion master for many years, and she is very clear about the temperament of the pavilion owner. In this case, I am afraid that the misunderstanding that has been sealed for thousands of years has been resolved.

"Pavilion Master, are you in such a good mood?" Hua Yun sat next to the pavilion master, got up slightly and asked to make tea.

"Yep."

"Huayun, maybe I will trouble you with the affairs of the cabinet in the future."

"I've been worrying about this sect for so many years."

"Originally, the purpose of this sect was to take in those women who were betrayed by men, but now I myself..."

"Alas..." The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion sighed after finishing speaking.

The rules of Wanhua Pavilion were set by herself, and it was herself who broke the rules.

"Pavilion Master, you..."

"You're leaving?" Hua Yun seemed to have expected it long ago, and then asked tentatively.

"maybe."

"For so many years, I always thought that Fentian was sorry for me, but in the end, it was me who was sorry."

"We've already thought about it. After this sect competition is over, we will take the blame and resign, and the three of them will wander the world together." The pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion said slightly expectantly.

"Ah..." Hua Yun sighed slightly when he heard the words, but he was also quite happy that the pavilion master solved the misunderstanding.

"I will take care of the sect and wait for the pavilion master when he needs it." Hua Yun thought for a while and said.

"Xiaoyun, thank you." After Wanhua Pavilion finished speaking, he suddenly said to Huayun.

"Miss really likes to joke." Hua Yun also smiled slightly, and then the two were chatting and laughing.

At the same time, the Poison Sect also staged the same scene.

The forbidden area of ​​the Poison Sect, the place where the Sect Master of the Poison Sect lives!

"Absurd!"

"Bing Xin, do you know what you are talking about now?" A middle-aged woman was furious and stared directly at Bing Xin, her resentful eyes wishing to eat Bing Xin!

"Zhou Ling, this is an order!" Bing Xindai frowned and said.

Bing Xin, the young woman named Zhou Ling, is now the deputy suzerain of the Poison Sect, and her strength has reached the peak of Dou Di. I am afraid that in a few days, breaking through Dou Di will not be a problem.

"I disagree!"

"That old **** Fen Tian..." Zhou Ling refused directly, and then said in a resentful tone.

The life of the Sect Master of the Poison Sect was indeed bestowed by Fen Tian, ​​but since Fen Tian has married the Sect Master of the Poison Sect, he is a righteous husband and wife!

And after so many years, Fen Tian had never seen Bing Xin, so Zhou Ling looked down on Fen Tian very much!

"Sect Master, stop talking!"

"I don't agree with this matter, and the elders of the sect will definitely not agree!" Zhou Ling continued.

"I've made up my mind." Bing Xin said rather plainly.

"Have you decided to go?"

"Sect Master, is Fentian still a man?"

"It doesn't matter if it's true or false, since we are married to you, we are a legitimate husband and wife, but look at Fen Tian, ​​does he look like a husband?" Zhou Ling's anger rose, and the more he talked, the more angry he became.

"He was also forced to be helpless at the beginning. He married me to save me, Zhou Ling, don't make trouble!" Every time Zhou Ling said that he was married, Bing Xin felt warm, even if she knew it was fake .

"This trash!"

"If he dares to appear, I must beat him to death!"

"I still want two daughters to serve a husband together. I want to be beautiful!" At the end of the sentence, Zhou Ling couldn't help cursing after seeing Bing Xin's obsession.

"Zhou Ling, this sect is not even afraid of death, let alone cares about other people's gossip?" Bing Xin heard the words and immediately became angry!

"Hey..." Zhou Ling heard the words and knew that the Sect Master couldn't be persuaded anymore, so he could only withdraw slightly, but Zhou Ling would not give up like this.

"Fentian, in this lifetime, I'll be with you."

"Since my life is yours, I will always follow you."

"Just as we agreed, after this sect competition is over, let's go to the end of the world."

"I'm still the little maid who took care of you in the first place, but Hua Yun, I don't care." Bing Xin finished speaking and slowly closed her eyes.

On the far side, in the Fenxiang Pavilion, Fen Tian also shook his head secretly. He knew that the palms and backs of the hands were full of flesh, no matter which side was hurt, it would be bad.

With the affairs of these three super sects, the ruins have also entered the final stage.

At this time, the interior of Guanghan Island is also in full swing to the last moment.

Many disciples have gained a lot of benefits from the ruins, but they are not anxious about Fairy Moon's inheritance and fighting spirit.

At this time, in the deepest part of the purple crystal palace on Guanghan Island, Yutu took Xiao Yan and the three, and finally crossed the palace and came to the most core place.

"Arrived?" Xiao Yan noticed that they had stopped moving, and immediately spoke.

"Well, here we are."

"But don't get too happy too soon."

"Although you have the inheritance rune of the Fairy Moon, if you don't solve that thing, we will definitely not hand over the inheritance to you." Yutu said casually, but when he said that thing, the voice There's a rare touch of seriousness in it No problem, let's go. "Yue Ru heard the words, hesitated for a while, just wanted to say something, but was patted on the shoulder by Xiao Yan and said.

"Go!" Yutu said slightly when the three of them agreed.

As soon as the voice of Yutu fell, the halo slowly disappeared, and Xiao Yan and his party also came to an empty room.

"Here you come?" After a while, a figure that Ling Xiaoyan was very familiar with appeared directly.

The two were impressively the human ginseng transformed by the demon whale and the ginseng that Xiao Yan met at the beginning!

As soon as he entered the palace, Xiao Yan found that the ginseng was gone, but due to the urgency of time, Xiao Yan didn't have time to look for it.

"Hey, that's none of my business."

"I can really give you a fighting spirit, and even if you can't absorb it, I can temporarily seal it in your body."

"But that fellow fighting spirit has great ambitions, so it's not my fault." Tian Jian hurriedly explained Xiao Yan's cold expression on your face.

"In the end, I gave this guy free labor. Damn..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but scolded a few words.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Here it is." Yutu said indifferently to the demon whale.

The Demon Whale agreed softly, and then looked at Xiao Yan.

"I didn't expect you to actually enter this place successfully," said the Demon Whale.