Chapter Vol 4 1092: misfortune!

The gorgeous green and yellow lotus seeds exploded completely in the sky of the altar, like a fire **** descending, venting his anger here, and the anger swept the whole world.

Such a terrifying explosion made the entire Xuan three days become a stove, and the temperature suddenly rose.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What is this……"

"Could it be that we did something wrong that caused Lord Vulcan to punish us?"

"There is the orientation of the altar of Xuanling Mountain. Such strong energy fluctuations, I am afraid that our Xuantian powerhouses can not exert them..."

"Isn't the Demon Extermination Ceremony being held there? How could it be..." Countless people in Xuan Santian looked up stupidly, looking at the terrifying wave of fire emanating thousands of meters away, and said dumbly.

"Boom!" At this time, on the altar at the top of Xuanling Mountain, in the blue sky, the terrifying lotus of life and death Yu Bo still hasn't completely dissipated, and there are traces of flame ripples with a blue-yellow color, which exploded Point as the center, spread in degrees!

And with Xiao Yan's terrifying blow, all the creatures on this altar suffered a devastating blow, and even the altar was beyond recognition!

After about a few minutes of touching, as the blue and yellow flames slowly disappeared, this world slowly returned to normal, but that normality made some places in this sky visible everywhere. A distorted space scorched by the power of holy flame.

In the sky, two people appeared, and both of them fell directly to the ground at the same time, and their speed was astonishing.

"Susu..."

"Little bastard... You really surprised me!" But the person who fell down said grimly, and his voice was full of anger.

"Pfft!" After a while, the two of them both fell directly onto the land.

"Cough cough cough..." Xiao Yan took the lead in getting up with great difficulty, and then coughed violently. At the same time, he coughed out blood.

"King Xuanling, I didn't expect your life to be so hard..." After Xiao Yan stood up hard, looking at the king Xuanling, who was already in a state of embarrassment, he made a slight voice, his voice was extremely weak, and his face was even slightly pale. It was pale. It was obvious that the blow just now consumed almost all of Xiao Yan's strength, and still did not completely obliterate the Xuanling King, only severely injured him.

At this time, King Xuanling was extremely embarrassed. No part of his body was intact. Even the muscles full of evil energy became twisted under Xiao Yan's lotus of life and death. Lian survived the attack, but also paid a very heavy price. The most important thing is that drops of black and red blood dripped from King Xuanling.

King Xuanling's left arm actually disappeared in the shocking explosion just now.

"Hahaha!"

"Okay, you Xiao Yan, it really opened my eyes!"

"It turns out that the fusion of the power of holy flame can produce such a powerful power!"

"I think it has something to do with the thing in your body!"

"Hand over the exercises in your body to me!" The next moment, King Xuanling's figure exploded, and the only remaining hand, with a vicious attack, attacked Xiao Yan directly.

Based on King Xuanling's estimation just now, the power generated by the fusion of Xiao Yan's two holy flames, if Xiao Yan's strength is a little bit tyrannical, I am afraid he can really kill himself!

You must know that Xiao Yan's strength is only in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and even after detonating the strange fire, his strength has dropped to the five-star Dou Emperor. The lotus of life and death condensed in this way almost caused the Xuanling King to be seriously injured and died.

At this time, Xiao Yan could also be said to have fallen into a situation where the lamp was running out of oil, and he couldn't help shaking his body.

"Whoosh whoosh!" King Xuanling dragged his tired body to Xiao Yan and slapped him.

"Crash!" When King Xuanling's attack suddenly came, Yueru, who was on the side, rushed over just in time, and a short blade appeared directly, blocking King Xuanling's attack.

"Bastard!" King Xuanling couldn't help cursing when he saw Yueru appear.

At this time of the battle, almost all other places are evenly matched, and only here is a variable.

"I really didn't expect that the easiest guy turned out to be the toughest..."

"I am afraid that Yueru's current strength is stronger than mine. It seems that now I can only devour Shengyan first and kill them, otherwise the variables will be too big." King Xuanling didn't dare to see that his attack was blocked. Hesitating here, I have other thoughts in my mind.

However, this was also the time when there was no other way. King Xuanling was extremely proud. Dealing with Xiao Yan would definitely be like killing an ant, but how could he have thought that when he underestimated Xiao Yan, the strength of a dignified fighting immortal was actually in the hands of such a guy. Being seriously injured, King Xuanling had to be a little angry.

King Xuanling stepped aside and temporarily recovered the injury in his body, and then his eyes kept looking at the three pillars.

"Are you alright?" Yueru asked Xiao Yan directly after defeating King Xuanling with a single blow, with a hint of heartache flashing in her beautiful eyes.

"I...it's fine..."

"King Xuanling has already controlled the entire Xuansantian powerhouse through the soul-controlling lead of the Poison Sect. Let's go and deal with King Xuanling first." Xiao Yan said intermittently.

"Okay." Yue Ru hesitated for a while, and then saw the firm look in Xiao Yan's pupils, she didn't dare to refuse, she went directly to the position where King Xuanling was, and showed her aura to the extreme.

"King Xuanling, it's time for this to end." Yueru spoke slightly, her voice full of chills.

Obviously, even if ten Dou Xian were trapped in the blood river bell, Yueru knew through perception that her master was also there, so she was naturally extremely angry.

"Hahaha!"

"I never thought that my dignified King Xuanling would be forced to this step."

"It's really a miscalculation..."

"But...do you dare to kill me?" Facing Yueru, who walked towards him step by step King Xuanling was like a madman, and laughed wickedly.

"This guy... crazy?" And Xiao Yi and Long Yi also looked over in confusion.

"Die." After a few breaths, Yueru came to King Xuanling, raised the short blade with mysterious patterns, and stabbed at King Xuanling's Tianling Gai.

"Look, what is this?" When Yueru just started, the Xuanling King took out a silver crystal directly from his arms.

"Despicable!" As soon as the silver crystal appeared, Yue Ru's attack suddenly stopped, and a heavy feeling emerged in her heart.

"This is a soul ball, and the soul power of countless strong people under my control has been injected into it."

"As long as my mind moves, the strong people here will fall completely!"

"You can start!"

"Let's see if it's your short blade that's quick, or my mind is quick!" King Xuanling said to Yueru confidently.

"Damn..." When Xiao Yan saw this scene, he couldn't help frowning. Obviously, even Xiao Yan didn't think of this!

Moreover, Xiao Yan knew that what King Xuanling said was true, if he insisted on taking action, I am afraid that all the powerhouses here would fall completely!

"Xiao Yan, haven't you always claimed to be righteous..."

"Go ahead, kill me, the big devil."

"That price is nothing but the power of Xuantian Santian." But Xuanling King stared at Xiao Yan with a slight smile.

and