Chapter Vol 4 1625: On the 4th floor, the imprisoned parents of Xiao Gui...

Following the attack of the fire phoenix on the third floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda and the action of the mysterious powerhouse, Xiao Yan was also taken away from the third floor and headed towards some mysterious places deeper in the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

Somewhere, among the huge mountains and forests, in a circular earth vein, there are two human beings, a man and a woman. The masculinity is high, and there is an invisible pride on the face. Its aura is extremely tyrannical. A seven-star fighting immortal level powerhouse.

Beside the man, there is a woman, the woman's face is as delicate as jade, the body is slender and extremely beautiful, the waist is slender and full of grip, the legs are standing straight, and the light blue dress is swaying in the wind, revealing invisibly. An otherworldly scent that makes you linger.

Five-star fighting immortal-level strength, Yu Rouer.

"Zifan!"

"What happened to this guy?"

"Rescue him!" After a while, Yu Rou'er, a beautiful woman, said to Xiao Zifan who was beside her, her voice was soft but full of urgency.

"Hey, Rou'er, this guy is a descendant of our Xiao clan, and he couldn't have fallen so easily... Maybe it was because my power took him through the fourth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, and there were some weird fluctuations." Xiao Zifan heard the words , grinned and said, obviously very fond of this figure.

"He's from your Xiao clan, you can't treat him well as an elder!

"And he... seems to still have the breath of our lost child." At the end of the sentence, the beautiful girl Yu Rou'er slowly stared at Xiao Yan who was in a coma and muttered to herself.

It is said that a loving mother has a thread in her hand, a wandering child wears her clothes, and Xiao Gui is the descendant of the two. Therefore, as a mother, Yu Rou'er, a beautiful woman, is very sensitive to Xiao Gui's breath even after being separated for many years. The strong Xiao ghost breath, there are only two possibilities.

First, Xiao Yan wiped out Xiao Gui, thus swallowing his breath. On the other hand, the two had an extremely profound relationship, and that breath was given voluntarily by Xiao Gui.

"what?"

"Is this true?" Xiao Zifan's smile instantly solidified and turned into a heavy touch.

"You can't go wrong." Yu Rou'er, a beautiful girl, nodded solemnly.

"Little guy, you also have the blood of our Xiao clan. We are strong people of the Xiao clan. I hope you don't do anything to disappoint me... otherwise..." After a while, Xiao Zifan's expression became solemn. Staring at Xiao Yan, he slowly opened his mouth.

If Xiao Yan's actions were really the last step, even if he had the blood of the Xiao family, Xiao Zifan would completely obliterate him.

"Weng Om!" While the two were talking, Xiao Yan only felt that his body seemed to be brought into an extremely unfamiliar place by some extremely tyrannical force, and the strong force gave Xiao Yan signs of awakening.

"Little guy... are you okay?" Suddenly, a soft voice sounded slowly beside Xiao Yan.

"This is... where?" Xiao Yan forced his eyes to open, but found that he was already standing in a forest of birds and flowers, and asked.

"Here... According to your understanding, it should be called the fourth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda." After a while, Xiao Zifan spoke slowly, but his voice was full of displeasure.

"Thank you for your help just now!" Xiao Yan hurriedly stood up when he noticed the man speaking, and said respectfully.

When he was dealing with the third layer of fire phoenix just now, if it wasn't for the great power in front of him who was using his power across the void, I'm afraid that Xiao Yan's situation would have been more fortunate than fortunate.

"It's too early to say thank you..."

"I have something to ask you, please tell the truth." After a while, Xiao Zifan looked at Xiao Yan with a solemn expression and said.

"Senior, may I ask." Xiao Yan stood up slowly, and also realized that the situation at this time seemed to be not quite right.

"Why are there some ghostly fluctuations in you?" Xiao Zifan did not shy away, and said directly.

"This is my holy flame." Xiao Yan heard the words, and the blue ghost face soul flame was directly displayed.

"Weng Om Om!" The cyan ghost-faced soul flame just emerged, and suddenly this forest of birds and flowers was filled with a trace of violent power.

"Holy Flame?" After Xiao Yan's exposure, the beautiful women Yu Rou'er and Xiao Zifan were equally shocked.

"It's not this kind of ghost...it's this." After a short period of surprise, a ghostly ghost appeared on Yu Rou'er's body. The stock is quite soft and powerful, making people feel quite warm.

"This is..." At the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly and he lost his voice.

Before entering this place, Xiao Gui had vaguely told himself that things about his parents were probably related to the Earth Spirit Pagoda, and Xiao Yan, as Xiao Gui's eldest brother, was naturally willing to help Xiao Gui solve this matter.

"Senior..." After the breath, Xiao Yan's body was filled with the same ghostly energy, and Xiao Yan opened his mouth with hot eyes.

This thing was given to him by Xiao Gui when he went to the Earth Spirit Pagoda. In Xiao Gui's words, if they encountered a strong person similar to his parents and displayed this strange ghost, they would understand it.

"Hey!" The ghost qi lifted from Xiao Yan's palm directly merged with the ghost qi on the Qianying woman's body.

"Is...is he okay?" At the next moment, Rao Yiqian's beauty, Yu Rou'er's five-star fighting immortal-like strength, could not help but turn red, because at this moment, Xiao Yan had already told them with practical actions, Xiao Yan and their lost sons had a very deep relationship.

"His name is Xiao Gui, and he is about the same age as me After he was born, he wandered around Li Hunyu for a while and was unpopular. Cold-eyed, he was arrested by some major forces and tried to decipher the identity of other people's ghost combination, but countless people returned without success, so he was auctioned by auction..." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Zifan, who used to be unsmiling in the past, was full of anger. Many trees around the forest were shattered the moment he squeezed his palms tightly. Even this big man's eyes turned red for a while.

"Later, because I had the blood of the Xiao Clan, I took him back, and now he exists in the Earth Spirit Academy, and he has someone he likes, but because the parental matter has not been resolved, he has not been able to face him directly. The woman of the scorpion, his current strength is about four-star Dou Xian... Of course, I am his eldest brother, hehe." At the end of the sentence, Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing.

"Little guy, we really blamed you." In the blink of an eye, the beautiful woman Yu Rou'er covered her mouth and nose with her hand to prevent herself from crying, and said immediately. .

"Two seniors, now that the matter is over, I came to the Earth Spirit Pagoda, one of the purposes is to rescue Xiao Gui's parents, so as to fulfill his love and wishes, but it doesn't seem to be that simple here, two seniors, what should we do? Escape from here?" Suddenly, looking at the two figures in front of him, Xiao Yan said.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, this mountain forest is an extremely powerful formation, and both of them have a five-star fighting spirit or even a seven-star fighting fairy level, so Li Hunyu wants to obliterate such a strong person. It was extremely difficult, so instead of obliterating them, they imprisoned them here.