Chapter 61: The Guardian's departure!

Xiao Yan also heard that these people in front of him had been playing dumb riddles. He was confused and didn't understand at all.

However, I still learned some information from it.

Although the four-star Dou Emperor powerhouses are forbidden to enter the ruins, the stunning beauty standing on the Qinglian stage has obviously suppressed her strength, so she has been hiding in the void, waiting for Xiao Yan and the others to break it. The crisis in the main hall was made good by the shot.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also felt a dangerous aura from the Qingliantai woman!

Xiao Yan himself is the strength of the three-star Dou Emperor in the middle stage, and the powerful perception of the **** realm is combined with the power of the three mysterious transformations of the sky fire. Even the powerhouse in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor has the power to fight, but in front of the face-to-face The woman who stepped on the Qingliantai was filled with deep fear!

Even the strange fire that Xiao Yan had always relied on seemed to be trembling!

Even if the stunning woman in front of her suppressed her strength, she now only has the strength of the peak of the Three Star Dou Di, but her true strength is beyond Xiao Yan's guess.

The current Qinglian woman is also much stronger than Xiao Yan, no wonder Xiao Yan felt this way.

"This woman is really not easy!"

The Golden Dragon King in the ring has been observing Xiao Yan since the moment he entered the formation, and then the battle and breakthrough between Xiao Yan and the guardian were all in his eyes. Don't give in too much.

Xiao Yan naturally did not feel this, and then he heard the woman in white and Qinglian speak in the hall.

"Hey!"

Dressed in white, she also sighed.

"What happened back then was really my fault." Looking at the distant void, he muttered to himself.

"Since you have a relationship with her, then I will also help you."

"In front of me is the skeleton of the owner of this relic. Because of my transactions with him, I want to protect him so that his inheritance can continue."

"The essence and blood you need should be in his bones."

"However, this kid also has some capital, and the people who can be selected by the fire elves are extraordinary, so I can't help you next."

"Fortune is a matter of suitability, otherwise it will be counterproductive." He also said slowly when he was dressed in white.

When Xiao Yan heard that it was also hanging in the air, his heart instantly fell, and he thought that this man dressed in white would get in the way. However, the strength of this white-clothed man was really terrifying. Even if he could see through Xiao Yan's secret at a glance, the fire elf was hidden by Xiao Yan when he had to enter the hall, and was still discovered.

"Yeah ah!"

Xiao Yi also emerged from Xiao Yan's body at this moment, standing on Xiao Yan's shoulder and babbling non-stop.

The woman who stepped on Qinglian also looked at Xiao Yi on Xiao Yan's shoulder with great interest.

A fire elf is a rare thing in the world. To get it, you must not only have enough chances, but also have an honest heart. Otherwise, you will not be able to get the approval of the fire elf.

"My mission has also been completed, and whoever obtains good fortune next depends on your own abilities."

"It's also time to go back and deal with some things."

"let's go!"

As soon as he finished speaking in white clothes, he flew straight out of the hall, and the six guardians of the relics followed behind. He was healed at a speed visible to the naked eye under the white grudge covered in white clothes.

In the main hall, only Xiao Yan and the Qinglian woman were left, and the entire space became silent.

After the seven of them left in white clothes, a simple bronze gate appeared at the original dividing line and slowly closed.

Although the two of them were not too worried about the sudden appearance of the bronze gate, Xiao Yan looked at the Qinglian woman and his heart sank. The mysterious woman who stepped on the green lotus.

The Qinglian woman looked around, obviously looking at the main hall.

The stone hall is not too luxurious, but it looks extraordinarily simple, empty, and there are not too many decorations. The Qinglian woman's eyes turned around in the stone hall, and then they condensed in the center of the stone hall. There, there is a tightly wrapped sarcophagus, and above the sarcophagus, there seems to be something.

"go!"

The Qinglian woman raised her jade hand slightly, and a grudge containing the power of flame attacked the bones on the throne!

The flame vindictiveness slowly surrounded the left and right hands of the throne's skeleton.

Then the two of them saw that there were two dazzling rays of light on the left and right hands of the skeleton of the throne.

Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes slightly, focusing on the two beams of light.

Then, he vaguely saw that on the skeleton of the throne, there was a group of rays of light beating violently on the left and right palms respectively!

Among the two groups of light, on the left is a black bead that seems to be condensed by dazzling energy, which is beating gently, and the one on the right is a white bead, which also exudes no less than black beads. like power.

And with the beating of the two black and white beads, the fighting spirit in the hall seemed to be shaking.

"You've already made it here, you can't give up if you say anything!" Although Xiao Yan felt an extremely dangerous smell from the Qinglian woman, the terrifying energy contained in the two beads made Xiao Yan understand~www.mtlnovel. com~ This is the biggest treasure of the ruins! It's all close at hand, and there's no reason to give up.

While the Qinglian woman was looking at the main hall, Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, and finally his figure flashed, and he went up the stone steps and headed straight for the throne!

The Qinglian woman also clearly noticed Xiao Yan's actions. With a single move, Xiao Yan's palm that was about to touch the throne was isolated out of thin air, and an invisible cage of fighting qi trapped Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yi, who was on her shoulders, looked at the sudden vindictive cage, and also opened her mouth, and a terrifying milky white flame appeared and flew towards the cage!

"Puff puff!"

The milky white flame touched the Qinglian woman's vindictive cage, and the vindictive cage was instantly evaporated into nothingness!

"Black and white yin and yang heart, it's interesting now!"

The Golden Dragon King sounded in Xiao Yan's heart with a somewhat playful voice.

"Is this the legendary yin and yang heart?"

Xiao Yan's eyes were also condensed in the beads condensed by the two groups of light. There was a bit of shock in his eyes, and his footsteps were slowly stepping out.

However, just as Xiao Yan was stepping out, a faint voice with an ethereal aura suddenly sounded in this quiet stone hall.

"This is not where you should be..."

"Even if it's you and the little guy on your shoulders, it can't be my opponent..."

"So, take your fire elf and exit..." The Qinglian woman also looked at Xiao Yan coldly and said.

Xiao Yan's footsteps came to a halt. Immediately, he slowly raised his head, his eyes narrowed and looked at the mid-air. There, Qinglian was suspended. Through the hat, he could faintly see a quiet lotus-like shadow. He was using a pair of Eyes that were so clear that they did not fluctuate at all, stared at him.

​​