Chapter Vol 4 2214: Array of magic power to defeat Alice!

"Guru..."

"One hundred thousand?"

Hearing these roaring voices, Alice raised her head with difficulty, and looked at the sky with a face full of astonishment. She saw an incomparably mysterious formation stone appearing in Xiao Yan's palm, and the number of formation patterns engraved on it fluctuated. , You can clearly discover that it has truly reached the terrifying 100,000 Dao with a casual glance?

At this time, Xiao Yan's mental power was violently tumbling in his body, and his pupils were covered with countless bloodshots, but after a while, he swept away other distracting thoughts, and a look of joy emerged, and a towering flame figure slowly poked out behind him.

Above the vast sea of ​​​​fire, the fighting spirit is surging, and a huge dragon that can't see the end is entrenched. , although that kind of power is not the power of reincarnation, but it is enough to compare with the power of reincarnation.

The spirit of fighting intent condensed from the 100,000 array patterns is so terrifying!

"Wong buzzing!"

Some of the weaker people outside the field looked up, and when their eyes swept across the dragon, they were lightly looked at with contempt by the dragon, and chills appeared in their bodies, and even the warm blood on their bodies changed. It was icy cold, and there were faint signs of solidification.

"Dragon of the Spirit Formation!"

"kill!"

Sensing that Alice's whole body was wriggling with the power of reincarnation, Xiao Yan waved his hand, and the sound of the dragon's roar resounded in the sky. , Divine power is unrivaled!

"Boom!"

The seemingly terrifying attack was inextricably linked for a while.

"How could it be possible... Even if this is a formation that has been injected with 100,000 formation patterns, it's simply a fantasy to use this to deal with the first-tier Alice. How did this human do it?"

Looking at the stalemate in the field for a while, someone wondered.

"150,000 array patterns are enough to defeat Alice. If you want to achieve a stalemate, at least 130,000 array patterns are required, but it is unexpected that the power of the holy flame on Xiao Yan is actually so powerful. In one step, the power of the holy flame fully compensated for tens of thousands of formations."

"It's not hard to see that the fire of holy flame has an irresistible suppression on Alice, otherwise Xiao Yan would not be able to resist Alice so smoothly. It seems that this guy's holy flame ranks not low."

"However, I'm afraid this situation won't last long. Once Princess Alice is brought back to her senses, the gap in strength will definitely not be so easy to make up for."

The sound of analysis came out one after another.

"Second brother, don't do anything."

At this moment, Xiao Yi could only helplessly sit on the stone seat and pray quietly for Xiao Yan, but he did not realize that there was a strange power emanating from the statue of Yao Ji beside him, gently infiltrating into his body .

"Damn... don't make a fool of yourself!"

"Wood spirit, the brilliance of the butterfly shadow!"

Feeling the terrifying suppression fluctuations on the formation dragon in front of her, Alice shouted angrily, and the violent cyan energy slanted on the formation dragon's body like a downpour!

Butterfly Shadow Wood Spirit roared smartly, like an indestructible mountain blocking it in front of it, terrifying cyan energy raged out, and the entire void was restless.

"Hoohoho!"

The formation dragon seemed to be provoked, raised its arrogant head and screamed in the sky, but no matter how terrifying the attack was on its body, there was no sign of retreating. It roared out of the dragon's mouth and roared at Alice in one fell swoop.

"There's still a little time left, so let's let you taste the real power of the Holy Flame Burning Jue."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he quietly closed his eyes, and the Fen Jue deep within his body unfolded, a rare wave of fluctuations, like a **** who has stepped over nine stars, descended here.

"What exactly is this guy doing?"

"No, we can't go on like this."

Alice smelled a long-lost heart palpitation from this human man, and immediately did not dare to hold any more hands, the butterfly shadows around her body surged, entwined with the formation dragon, and above her body, a Layers of brown flames and cyan energy are intertwined with each other, and the body lifts up at the same time, and an unprecedented ethereal halo emerges!

"Are you ready to use big means?"

"Alright..."

"Holy Flame, Fen Tianhai!"

Xiao Yan's complexion became gloomy, and his roar sounded as if it contained a terrifying power that shocked the soul. Just as it swept out, it was immediately frightening!

"Boom!"

As soon as the voice fell, all the energies in the entire formation seemed to have received some kind of call and gathered together in front of Xiao Yan. At the same time, hundreds of amber rivers appeared.

This amber flame river is completely different from the vast ocean that Xiao Yan just cast out.

If the vast ocean just displayed by Xiao Yan was a baby, now the amber river is a volcano, a volcano about to erupt!

"This guy!!!"

At this moment, the second elder Ma Lin couldn't sit still. His voice contained an unprecedented look of joy. His slender palm clapped on the stone seat. The entire stone seat was turned into powder without any recruitment.

"Second Elder, who are you?"

Everyone was surprised.

"Pfft."

"Second Elder, the matter you ordered me to investigate is clear."

"Xiao Yan, the descendant of the Xiao family, is now the owner of the Endless Fire Territory. The Endless Fire Territory is actually composed of the four continents of the Dou Di in the human world. The Holy See branch above the Dou Di Continent was expelled by him, and the entire continent was completely unified by him."

"Behind the Endless Fire Territory, it is suspected that there is the Lord of the Soul Eater of the Ghost World, the support of the Demon Emperor of the Demon World, and the other forces are unknown."

Just as everyone looked at the second elder Ma Lin, a shrewd-looking elf man tore out from the void, whispered in the latter's ear, and respectfully faced the two in front of him with a voice that only the latter could hear. said the elder.

"The demon emperor... No wonder."

"Okay, the battle continues."

"A guy who can practice this kind of exercise If you can't even pass this test, I'm afraid it will only tarnish the prestige of the Holy King in vain."

Second Elder Ma Lin's voice changed indefinitely, and seemed to be happy, but it was also mixed with a rare anger.

"Boom!"

"Princess Alice, if you can take my blow, keep your mouth shut!"

Xiao Yan stepped on the amber-colored holy flame river, and the fire dragon, the spirit of the formation behind him, roared endlessly, and the endless killing intent spread out, with a crazy look on the corner of his mouth.

"Humph!"

"If you can resist my attack, the Western Tribe will withdraw!"

"Huo Lingjing, Wanmu Brown Source!"

The sound of Jiao drinking fell, and the energy in the entire enchantment suddenly trembled. Almost instantly, the space of the formation created by Xiao Yan showed signs of shattering. A blue sword shadow appeared quietly on Alice's jade hand, and her body seemed Moving like a ghost, with a monstrous momentum, he came to kill Xiao Yan's vital point.

At the same time, the amber Sacred Flame River instantly boiled, like a volcano that had been silent for thousands of years, sloping down with endless anger.

The amber river flows down, like a whole sky curtain descending on the world, swallowing and annihilating all the life in the world!

This battle is monstrous and humbling!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: