Chapter 179: Killing chickens to warn monkeys, 1 move!

"Hmph, it's a mystery!" Mark also snorted coldly, obviously not taking Xiao Yan's smile in his eyes.

"Success, this Xiao Yan is really stupid." Mark also secretly said in his heart.

Xiao Yan was taken to Wujiang because his soul power was too strong, so he didn't know much about these rules, but Mark was very clear.

Although Mark also knew that Xiao Yan could be regarded as a newcomer king, and he certainly had his merits, but he was also taking a fluke!

After all, the gap between the peak of the three-star Dou Di and the initial stage of the four-star Dou Di gave him enough confidence!

Moreover, as long as both parties agree to this kind of challenge, even if he defeats Xiao Yan and wins the title of the new king, it is still within the rules, so Mark saw that Xiao Yan not only did not back down, but took on the challenge, his smile was also a smile to be bright.

"Mark challenges the rookie Wang Xiaoyan, click until the point is reached, don't let the killer!" The old man above the tall building also slowly opened his mouth, and then his sleepy eyes slowly opened.

Mark stared at Xiao Yan, and he had already made a decision in his heart. After a while, the battle would start, and he would use the fastest speed to defeat him with the might of a thunderbolt, so that Xiao Yan could know that this newcomer king was not so comfortable. of.

Obviously, this Mark was also born into a not weak family, so he was like a young master, and he didn't think Xiao Yan would have any chance of winning!

"There's a lot of nonsense, since that's the case..."

"Then let's fight." Xiao Yan also murmured, and then slowly floated from the high-rise building to the square.

When everyone on the square saw this, although the newcomer Wang Xiaoyan with WeChat on his face seemed to have no vindictiveness, but this situation made everyone's back feel cold, and from the newcomer Wang's message On their bodies, they clearly felt a murderous aura that can only be possessed by those who have experienced life-and-death battles all the year round!

That kind of murderous aura disappears without a trace, and it can only be possessed by people who have experienced life-and-death battles outside all year round!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's a pity, after all, the peak of the three-star Doudi is only the peak of the three-star Doudi." Mark apparently also discovered the invisible murderous aura in Xiao Yan, but he pretended to be calm.

Then they all retreated consciously, setting aside a 100-meter circle for the two to fight. The collision between the Dou Di powerhouses, they are also clear, it must be fierce and extraordinary.

"This Xiao Yan is not simple..."

"There is not a trace of vindictiveness spilling out of his body, but the killing intent on his body is extraordinarily dignified. This is clearly something that he is willing to possess after experiencing life and death fighting outside all year round..."

"So this means that this Xiao Yan is either a waste, or if he is..."

"Very tricky enemy!" He Wanxia also held the gorgeous long whip in her jade hand and stared at Xiao Yan with a smile on her face.

He Wanxia is belligerent, but she is not as aloof as the other family's sons and brothers, living a life of fine clothes and jade food. She is also a person who has experienced life and death fighting outside all year round. Naturally, she knows that such things as murderousness cannot be faked. That Mark is obviously a gentleman from a gentle village, and the confrontation between the two will only turn into a massacre on one side.

Just as He Wanxia finished speaking, the pupils of the five newcomers who were judged to be fifth-class talents also shrank their pupils and frowned, obviously feeling a lot of pressure from this Xiao Yan.

"Do you think that Xiao Yan can solve Mark within ten moves?" Song Cheng also asked. Obviously, several of them can be evaluated as fifth-class talent newcomers. Although talent and strength are important, their eyesight should not be underestimated!

"Ten moves are too many. In my opinion, eight moves are enough!" Zhu Zhuqing also smiled, not seeing such a powerful person in his sight for a long time.

"Today, your title of King of Rookies cannot be preserved." Mark stared at Xiao Yan and said word by word. For some reason, Mark actually felt a tinge of fear from Xiao Yan in front of him, but at this time he also cared about it. Not so much, can only suppress other thoughts.

"Although I agreed to your challenge, since it is a challenge, you naturally have to show your sincerity, otherwise the challenge itself is unfair."

"I have no luck." Xiao Yan and Mark said in the circular battle circle.

"Oh?"

"What kind of luck do you want?" Mark said slowly.

"Ten million!" Xiao Yan stretched out a finger and said coldly.

"You!" Mark also said angrily, what exactly did Xiao Yan do, and now he has done it again! Ten million circles, so he didn't have it either.

"I don't have 10 million, but I have an emperor-level medicinal pill. How about taking this pill as a bet this time?" Mark also seemed extremely impatient and said repeatedly by Xiao Yan's routine. .

"Oh, what pill?" Xiao Yan was also curious.

"Auxiliary medicine pill, Fengji Pill! The user can greatly improve his speed!" Mark also said slowly.

"How do you say? Are you still fighting?" Mark also said slightly angrily.

"Okay, okay, if that's the case, let's fight."

"But if you show such good sincerity, I will naturally show my sincerity."

"one move!"

"If you can catch my move, Xiao Yan, the title of the rookie king, handed it over to him!" Xiao Yan's voice also sounded slowly above the square.

Above the square, there was a sudden silence!

"This Xiao Yan..."

"It must be too wild..."

"Three-star Dou Di's peak strength, let alone one move, even ten moves can't handle a four-star Dou Di strong..."

"Is this Xiao Yan fooled by Mark?" Some people in the square thought to themselves.

"This rookie king is really crazy..." Song Cheng also muttered to himself.

"The premise of being mad is enough confidence in your own strength!" He Wanxia also looked at Xiao Yan on the square with her eyes slightly.

Yueru and Mu Feng didn't say anything after hearing the words, because they both believed that Xiao Yan was definitely not the type to talk big.

"Don't be ashamed!"

"I'd like to see how you beat me with one move!" Mark didn't get angry this time, but said plainly.

As soon as the voice fell, the huge grudge from Mark's body also radiated!

The strength of the four-star Dou Di in the early stage is undoubtedly revealed!

Then, although Mark was arrogant, he was also worried that Xiao Yan really had some strange tricks, so the huge fighting qi gathered in front of him into a powerful fighting qi light shield, protecting him!

As long as you hold on to Xiao Yan's blow, then the title of this newcomer king is yours!

The eyes of thousands of people above the square all focused on Xiao Yan and Mark's battle circle.

Xiao Yan, whose eyes were originally closed, suddenly opened his eyes. He was still 100 meters away from Mark. The next instant, he appeared at Mark's side with a speed like a shooting star, and then smiled at him. Put a palm on Mark's body!

Just when Xiao Yan appeared beside him, Mark felt his head sink, and then there was some turbulence in the control of Dou Qi, which caused a slight deviation in the Dou Qi light shield protecting him.

"Puuuuuu!" Xiao Yan slapped out a seemingly simple palm, and the Dou Qi light shield on Mark's body also shattered with a bang. Then, blood flowed from Mark's mouth, and he fell back and fell into a coma after a distance of hundreds of meters!

The audience was silent, deadly silence!

Ask for a ticket~