Chapter 688: Mutation

"Boom boom boom!" At the top of Wuliang Mountain, the battle was still going on.

"Bastard!" At this time, the huge body of the giant beast had many scars, including the three-tailed demon fox!

At this time, on the huge body of the Celestial Eye Giant Beast, there are traces of conspicuous scars, and the Celestial Eye Giant Beast's countless compound eyes are staring at the spirit of Luoling Mountain in front of him. With a trace of blood.

"This guy..." The Tianmu behemoth murmured in a low voice, the night cat stood behind the three-tailed demon fox, and the night cat had rescued the three-tailed demon fox at the beginning, even with the character of the three-tailed demon fox, he would definitely not give up on her. The five-element beast staring at the other side, the giant beast of the sky can only cast its gaze on the three-tailed demon fox.

"As expected, it is the spirit of Luoling Mountain." The three-tailed demon fox's bewitching eyes stared at the spiritual path of Luoling Mountain.

"The strength of the two of you is also getting stronger and stronger. Just this time I woke up, so let the two of you return to dust."

"The rules in Luoling Mountain are all created by me, how can you two be easily rewritten." The Spirit of Luoling Mountain said quite domineeringly.

"Hahaha!"

"Rewrite?"

"The winner is the king, and the loser is the bandit. The rules are always set by the strong. If you want to subvert the rules, you will have great strength!" The three-tailed demon fox suddenly laughed strangely, and there was a hint of madness in his voice!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sanwei, I saved you because of your pure heart, but now it seems that you have been blinded by something."

"So, today is your best ending!" After the Spirit of Luoling Mountain finished speaking, a huge breath burst out in an instant!

"The power of Luoling Mountain?" With the appearance of this inexplicable power, the bodies of the Heavenly Eyed Beast and the Five Elements Beast collapsed a lot in an instant, and a strong force suddenly suppressed them!

"It's finally out..."

"The power of Luoling Mountain!" It seemed that he felt the power of this power, and the fox eyes of the three-tailed demon fox suddenly became strange!

"You..." Luo Lingshan's eyes slightly wrinkled, and then he felt incredible!

He is the real master of this Luoling Mountain, how could this guy get out of his control!

"Does it feel strange?" The three-tailed demon fox murmured calmly and walked towards the direction of the Spirit of the Fallen Mountain, with a hint of extreme danger in its mouth.

"Three-tailed demon fox?"

"How could he not be suppressed by the power of Luoling Mountain, this is impossible!"

"What on earth are these three-tailed demon foxes doing..."

"Could it be that he has already..." The Five Elements Beast and the Celestial Eye Giant Beast said in shock as they resisted the suppression of the Luoling Mountain's power emanating from the Spirit of Luoling Mountain.

Luoling Mountain is a large plain, and above the plain, there are three major mountain ranges, Wuxing Mountain Range, Tianmu Mountain Range and Wuliang Mountain. Whether it is the three major mountain ranges or the plain, the dead beasts born depend on the mystery of this Luoling Mountain, so all the The dead beasts are all invariably controlled by the spirit of Luoling Mountain!

The reason why the spirit of Luoling Mountain can become the master of Luoling Mountain is not only the mystery of Luoling Mountain, but also the power of Luoling Mountain!

A kind of pitiful power that is only rare in Luoling Mountain!

If you master this power, you will be able to control the entire Luoling Mountain!

"This guy's aura seems a little weird, what's going on?" Even if the spirit of Luolingshan released the power of Luolingshan, it didn't have any effect on the three-tailed demon fox, and immediately felt a sense of unease!

"Don't think about it, I'll answer your question."

"First, your power is indeed the power of Luoling Mountain, and you are indeed the master of the entire Luoling Mountain."

"It's just that the object of your suppression by the power of Luoling Mountain is only applicable to dead beasts. If it is half human and half beast, there will be no suppression!" The three-tailed demon fox said with a slow smile.

"Half-human, half-beast?" The Spirit of Luoling Mountain frowned upon hearing this. Obviously, the three-tailed demon fox suddenly said that this place is half-human and half-beast...

"That's right, I was looking for you and was rescued by you. On the one hand, a trace of the power of Luoling Mountain was born in the body. In addition, in the past hundred years, the Fenxiang Pavilion has been sending people here to experience it. Every time there is more or less like that The two are here forever."

"And those who stay here have become my best fertilizer!" The three-tailed demon fox said hideously.

"This guy actually devoured the human world, isn't he crazy?" Hearing the words, the giant beasts of the sky became inconceivable. Their dead beasts are two different individuals to humans. If this guy devours humans directly, I am afraid they will directly backlash!

"After continuous research, I finally managed to escape from the dead beast with the blood essence and demon core of the dead beast, and became half human and half beast!"

"At that time, I devoured human beings, and only then did I know the beauty of the outside world."

"So we shouldn't be limited to that."

"Are you right? The spirit of Luoling Mountain." The three-tailed demon fox suddenly exuded the same power of Luoling Mountain, and shot directly at the spirit of Luoling Mountain!

"Humph!" Ling of Luolingshan let out a snarl, and immediately dissipated the power of Luolingshan from the three-tailed demon fox!

"Luolingshan exists alone!"

"If it wasn't for the great power of Fenxiang Pavilion, where would there be you today? You are good, and you killed and devoured the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion?" The Spirit of Luoling Mountain was slightly dissatisfied.

Since awakening once hundreds of years ago, the spirit of Luoling Mountain has fallen into a deep sleep. After all, every awakening requires a lot of strength, and only deep sleep can maintain strength.

"It's no wonder that the spirit of Luoling Mountain insisted on protecting the disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion who entered Luoling Mountain at first. It turns out that this relationship exists." The five-element beast on the side said thoughtfully.

"Looking at this situation, the three-tailed demon fox is confident that it will win." The Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast opened its mouth slowly, and there was a fiery voice in its voice!

Due to some reasons and transactions, a three-tailed demon fox really broke through the shackles of Luoling Mountain and went to the human world, then he can follow him too, and then...

"This is not necessarily After all, the spirit of Luoling Mountain can become the spirit of Luoling Mountain, it is not a blow." Five Elements Beast shook his head.

"Look, a good show is about to be staged." After the Heavenly Eyed Giant Beast finished speaking, his eyes became strange.

"What the **** are these two guys doing?" Mu Yingying in the dark was quite puzzled.

At this time, the picture on the top of Wuliang Mountain is that the five-element beast and the giant beast are suppressed by the power of Luoling Mountain by the spirit of Luoling Mountain. As for the spirit of Luoling Mountain and the three-tailed demon fox, they are evenly opposed.

"Even the spirit of Luoling Mountain and the power of Luoling Mountain have been used, and it should be decided if you think about it." Qin Xin said thoughtfully.

"I always feel that something is wrong." Xiao Yan shook his head calmly.

Because Xiao Yan clearly felt that the strength of the Spirit of Luoling Mountain was not enough to fight against the three-tailed demon fox.

The strengths of the two are vastly different!

"No, some things from the three major mountain ranges of Luoling Mountain seem to be heading here!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils showed a look of horror, and he turned his attention to the three-tailed demon fox who was opposed to the spirit of Luoling Mountain. behind.

He used his soul power to penetrate the back of the three-tailed demon fox, and inside the flesh and blood wrapped in fluff, a pitch-black circular object was slowly beating!

Countless dead beasts are coming here!

"This guy is really a lunatic." The next moment, a wry smile appeared on Xiao Yan's mouth, and then his eyes were fixed on the two.

Ask for tickets!