Chapter 110: chat!

?? Muller followed closely, and he was obviously very good at speed, and was not let down by the man in gray.

Xiao Yan had just taken the medicine pill, and the aura in his body was not stable. After all, refining medicine pills for a long time would inevitably weaken his own strength, and then he was also attracted by the sudden shouting, and turned his head to look at it. The man in gray suddenly found that the man beside the man in gray was Mueller.

"Actually chased here..."

Then Xiao Yan lightly touched the ring with his fingers, and the golden demon puppet that had just been tempered was also ready to take action immediately if the situation went wrong.

Above the Yue Family compound, Dan Leiyun had just run away, and was enveloped by a group of people again. .

Among them, Mueller with a bald head and a man in gray are the most notable.

"Huh? Isn't this Mueller?" Yue Ru, who was beside Yue Yu, let out a surprise, because Mueller took advantage of Xiao Yan to sneak attack on Yue Ru at the bottom of the lake, and she recognized the bald head at a glance.

At this time, the people above the Yue Family Courtyard were clearly divided into two factions. There were a dozen people in Mueller on one side, and only Xiao Yanyue Yuyueru on the other.

The two leaders of the Mu family seemed to be Mueller, who was in his thirties and forties, and a man in gray. There were more than a dozen people behind them. .

Yueyu was just standing there, and was the focus of the audience invisibly, like a giant pillar, even if it was a man in gray and Muller, when he saw him for the first time, You will feel a sense of oppression.

This is absolute strength, this person, very strong.

This was the first impression of the man in gray and Mueller on Yueyu, but the person who made his son humiliated was in front of him, and the man in gray had to face the difficulties.

Xiao Yan's figure flashed, and Yueru and Yueru came to Yueyu's side one after the other.

The sudden appearance of the two of them also attracted the attention of the dozen people headed by the man in gray.

The grey clothed man glanced at Xiao Yan and Yueru, a look of surprise flashed in his eyes, and then stared at Xiao Yan.

"Hand over Xiao Yan!" The man in gray shouted at one of the young men.

"You know each other?"

Yue Yu was a little angry when she saw these people standing out of thin air. This is the Yue Family Courtyard, and the sky above the Courtyard belongs to a private understanding. These Mu Family members obviously didn't take him seriously, so they could not help frowning. Then he turned his head to look at Xiao Yan.

"There have been a few times." Xiao Yan also said lightly, that day he was able to defeat Muller in the ruins, not to mention the strength of relying on Yin and Yang to improve today, the so-called favored man like Muller has long been gone. Xiao Yan's opponent.

But what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that he didn't kill Mueller at the beginning, but instead he kept his hand. Today, such a situation would appear, first Wu Huan, and now Mueller. Are these so-called Heaven's Pride? Is it a virtue?

"Xiao Yan child, you hurt my son first, then robbed his crescent moon green fruit, handed over the crescent moon green fruit, and confessed to me, otherwise you won't be able to eat and go today!" He sneered, after all, the man in gray also felt Xiao Yan's strength at the peak of the three-star Dou Emperor, but with his late four-star Dou Emperor's strength, this kid was not worth mentioning.

"Hmph, full of nonsense!"

"The dignified head of the Mu family would also say such things. The crescent moon green fruit is what my precious daughter and Xiao Yan got. Your family's Mueller plotted against my daughter while she was not paying attention. We have to settle the account carefully. Forget it!" Yue Yu also looked at the sky, staring at the Mu family who was also floating above the Yue family compound.

At this moment, the man in gray also took off the gray clothes that covered his appearance, and then revealed the exact same appearance as the bald head in the depths of the Warcraft Mountains.

The discerning person on the spot could see at a glance that this man in gray is the head of the Mu family!

Murray!

A real powerhouse of the late four-star Dou Di!

Although the Mu family is not as powerful as the Yue family, the Mu family still has some status and power in Wucheng!

And it is said that there is still some close cooperation between the Mu family and the Wu family who controls Wucheng, so it is unknown.

Murray looked at Yue Yu's tall and burly figure in the air, and couldn't help but feel a little scared. After all, this Yue Yu was a real five-star fighting emperor!

Don't look at the difference between the five-star Dou Emperor and the four-star Dou Emperor only a small rank, but the real battle is to know that even this small rank is like a gap, and ten four-star Dou Emperor powerhouses may not be able to reach. Got a five-star Doudi powerhouse!

This is Yue Yu's pride! Of course, he also has his sufficient strength as a premise.

"Humph!"

Murray also snorted coldly, and then looked at Xiao Yan fiercely regardless of Yue Yu's coercion.

Yueyu was also a little surprised, what exactly did Murray have in mind, this look is obviously that a lot of forces in the family have been dispatched to capture Xiao Yan, but it shouldn't be, he also knows the battle between Xiao Yan and Mueller, Xiao Yan Yan Duo didn't kill him, so he wouldn't have formed such a big hatred.

Yue Yu frowned, and then suddenly remembered that Xiao Yan severely injured Wu Huan, but Wucheng did not send any strong men to take revenge, but there was no movement at all This is not Like the character of Wucheng's gang who will be punished.

"So it is." Yue Yu is also a smart person, looking at the people of the Mu family in front of her, she is also suddenly stunned.

"The head of the Mu family has no way to teach, so let me take good care of your son for you!" Yue Yu also sneered, and then exuded all the momentum!

This Yueyu is very protective of her shortcomings. She didn't expect her daughter to be plotted against by this despicable and shameless villain from Mueller, and she was secretly unhappy. She must teach Mueller a lesson! Outrage your daughter!

On the contrary, this Xiao Yan is also considered to be a man of temperament. He protects his daughter from obtaining the Crescent Moon Green Fruit, so he will rush this kindness. Yue Yu will definitely not hand over Xiao Yan!

“Shabu Shabu!”

Yueyu's figure, who was still standing in the air just now, came to Mueller's side in an instant, and then grabbed it casually. Mueller, who had been somewhat domineering, was actually lifted up by Yueyu. Then Yue Yu grabbed the corner of Mueller's clothes and returned to his previous position, as if none of this had happened.

"Damn!"

"Yueyu old man, you are mainly arrogant!"

Because of the strength of Murray's four-star Dou Di in the late stage, he didn't realize what was going on just now.

"I should ask you this."

"Intruding into the private domain of my Yue family's land, not only slandering my daughter, but also trying to get my Yue family to hand over my Yue family's dedicated elders. What do you think should be done according to my Yue family's family rules?" Carrying Mueller, his eyes stared straight at Mu Lei's group, the strength of the five-star Doudi powerhouse was instantly released, and then he said loudly!

"Should kill!"

The clansmen in the Yue Family Courtyard also responded, their voices imposing like a rainbow.

Tickets ~...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: