Chapter 257: Extremely crazy evil, advanced to half-step rank 8 Ghost Emperor!

In the sky, the power of the two together is very powerful, and they have already controlled the evil within a certain range.

However, the two also tried to destroy it, but no matter how they attacked, they couldn't hit the evil body...

"Nine Soul Monument, if we continue like this, we will be consumed to death by this ghost emperor!"

"This is the Infernal Corpse Forest!"

"And it's still a cloudy moon!"

"You should know better than me!"

Xiaoyue is also constantly attacking the evil spirits, but the voice in her mouth also entered the ears of the Nine Souls Monument.

Xiaoyue also had a fluctuating expression in her eyes. She glanced at the Nine Souls Monument next to it that was also attacking, and asked, "Senior, can you think of any way to do it? If we go on like this, I'm afraid we'll be exhausted and we won't be able to kill this thing."

"It's not impossible to kill this corpse..."

"It's just that we don't have good weapons, so we can't break his defense against this corpse..." The Nine Soul Stele also said it in one sentence.

When Xiaoyue heard the words, she also turned her pupils slightly to look in a certain direction, not knowing what she was thinking.

It's just where Xiaoyue looked...

It was the place where Xiao Yan stood!

Xiao Yan also felt a very bad look when Xiaoyue saw her here.

"Xiao Yan, borrow the fairy sword in your hand!" Xiaoyue also looked at Xiao Yan and looked at her, and then said.

When everyone heard this, they were also shocked.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Is that the one who took advantage of it?" Mu Yingying stood beside the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, biting her lips slightly, obviously a little surprised.

"Little ancestor, this Xiao Yan is not easy..."

"Don't underestimate the enemy..." The human-like Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also said.

"En." This time, Mu Yingying surprisingly did not refute, and her beautiful eyes looked at the man named Xiao Yan.

"He... on..."

"like……"

"There are familiar things..." Mu Yingying also looked at her blankly.

"It's actually Xiao Yan..."

"But at the moment, the point grabbing competition should also be forced to be interrupted. If we don't solve this evil thing in front of us, then our end will be..." Luo Guang also said, he knew that Xiao Yan would definitely not be a fuel-efficient lamp. , but he and he did not have a holiday, although his companion wanted to **** his points, but he did not do anything, so he could not say the enemy.

The woman in front of Luo Guang also nodded in agreement with Luo Guang's statement.

"The matter of points should be put aside for a while..." Qiu Huanniao was also jealous of the points in Xiao Yan's hands, but at this time he also knew the magnitude of the matter, so he watched the battle in the sky solemnly.

"Xiao Yan!"

"I have to figure it out!"

"How can you have the blood of our snake people in your body..." said a woman who was also a contestant.

"That is……"

"Twin Ghost Emperors, Lord Yin Xie!" The ghost spirits were also excited!

Mueller also smiled in agreement. He could feel the terrifying power of this sinister evil, and it would be easy to deal with Xiao Yan...

"go!"

"Once someone blocks Lord Yin Xie!"

"Kill Wushe!" The ghost spirit also said, and then the figures behind him also followed.

Under the cover of the cloudy moon, the dark figure could not be clearly seen without careful observation.

"Do you want to do it now..." Hongye also asked gently.

"Wait, there are still some things in this evil spirit that have not been revealed..." Youquan also said slowly, Youquan can feel that even if the evil evil is besieged by the two seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, the ghost energy in the body is also There is no weakening in the slightest, and it is even continuously increasing!

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he paused, and then he didn't hesitate. The Emperor Yan Ring turned slightly in his hand, and the fiery red long sword appeared out of thin air.

When the fiery red long sword appeared, the space around the long sword exuded an extremely terrifying power!

Obviously, this is the power of the fiery red sword itself.

This is just a broken state and it has such power. If it is at its peak, then the power of this fairy sword is also...

"Senior, catch it!"

Then Xiao Yan held it with one hand, threw it heavily, and flew towards the Nine Soul Monument.

The reason why Xiao Yan didn't throw the long sword to Xiaoyue is because the power of the Nine Soul Monument is more powerful, and the attribute of the Nine Soul Monument is also a fire attribute, and the bonus to the immortal sword is even more terrifying!

"It's actually a fairy sword..."

"Xiao Yan this guy..." Luo Guang also said enviously, he knew the value of this fairy sword very well, the value of this fairy sword is more precious than the fighting skills of the fairy!

"Good sword!"

The Nine Soul Monument also caught the fiery red long sword, and then an extremely pure force spread throughout the body.

"Xiaoyue, give me some time!" The Nine Souls Monument also said solemnly, and after that, the fiery red sword in his hand stood in front of his eyes, his eyes were slightly closed, but those with discerning eyes would find the world around the Nine Souls Monument. The power is gathering towards the Nine Soul Monument with rapid power!

It's just that the power of heaven and earth in this corpse forest is also extremely thin.

With the injection of power between heaven and earth, the immortal sword in front of the Nine Souls Monument also has a ray of milky white light surrounding the sword body...

It's only about a quarter of it, it's still quite a bit of time before it's all around!

"Damn old ghost..."

"Are you going to go all out..." Yin Xie also saw the Jiuhun Monument so poised, and felt a wave of death. Obviously, this fiery red fairy sword gave him extremely strong pressure.

"Boy, it's a good thing to break this emperor..."

"After this matter is over, this emperor will definitely kill you!" Yin Xie also said something vicious to Xiao Yan.

After he finished speaking, the dark chains were instantly closed, and the blood mist all over his body disappeared.

It's just that an extremely terrifying suction force spreads out from the center of the evil in an instant!

And with the fluctuation of Yin and Evil, Xiaoyue also suddenly understood!

"Damn yin evil, actually want to use the ghost energy in this yinyue and corpse forest to break through the seventh-grade ghost emperor!" Xiaoyue is also clear that the higher the rank, the difference in strength is also very obvious.

Xiaoyue has been in the Yin Corpse Forest for so many years, and she naturally knows the method used by the Yin Evil, but this method is quite dangerous.

But there is no doubt that if it succeeds, the strength of this evil will also increase!

"What a terrifying lunatic!" Xiaoyue also snorted coldly and then her color became solemn.

For example, right now, his own strength should be in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and the strength of the Nine Soul Monument is in the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. The two of them joined forces to deal with the Infernal Corps, which is comparable to the peak strength of the human Seven Star Dou Emperor without any advantage!

If this is to make Yin Xie break through the Seven Star Dou Emperor, then what awaits them...

Only death!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Everyone, help me!" Xiaoyue also said to everyone on the ground.

Although the people on the ground didn't understand what was going on, they saw the terrifying attack of the Nine Souls Monument in the sky, and the evil spirit that was absorbing the ghost energy in the entire Yin Corpse Forest. Suddenly.

"Shabu!" As Xiaoyue's words just fell, everyone on the ground also understood the seriousness of this matter. They did not stand by and did not stand by. They exerted their vindictive energy to the extreme, and then turned into extremely terrifying forces that gathered directly. To the Nine Souls Monument!

Then, after the transformation of the Nine Soul Monument, a stream of pure power slowly surrounded the fairy sword!

Xiaoyue also knows that attacking the Yin Corpse at this time is also a waste of effort, so it is also a steady stream of vindictiveness towards the Nine Soul Monument!

On the other hand, the suction force of the evil evil is also continuously expanding, and then the entire evil corpse forest is madly rushing towards him, and his breath is slowly soaring.

Ask for tickets!