Chapter 172: The exit of the channel that disappeared inexplicably!

The two walked towards the residence of the person in charge of Wujiang, and the figure in Xiao Yan's hand also looked like he was about to wake up. The figure is also in a coma.

"Mr. Wu, are you there?" Xiao Yan carried a seriously injured person, and Mu Feng followed closely and knocked heavily.

In the room, Wu Jiang was also looking at some ancient books, when he suddenly heard that his door was knocked so hard, he couldn't help frowning, obviously a little angry.

After all, Wu Jiang has been really busy these days. First, more than 60 people disappeared, which is enough for him. Then today, he received an order from the Xuantian Sect, and the trials are about to begin.

I wonder if these missing people have not been solved yet. Once the trials start, and the people above find out that the number of people is wrong, then his fate...

"Who is it!" Wu Jiang also put down the book in his hand and went to open the door.

"Jiang Yuan?" Wu Jiang exclaimed in a thunderous voice when he saw the figure in Xiao Yan's hand.

"Uncle Wu, let's go in and talk. There are many people here." Xiao Yan also said. When Uncle Wu saw the figure on Xiao Yan's body, his pupils shrank tightly, and his eyes were a little dull.

"Good good!"

"Come in quickly." Wu Jiang also hurriedly said, letting Xiao Yan and Mu Feng go in and stick out their heads to look outside, and then slammed the door shut.

"What's going on?" Wu Jiang said in a deep voice just after closing the door.

"To tell the truth, Uncle Shi is like this. We were resting in our room last night, and we were about to lie down. Then, when the eyes darkened, we appeared in a black space." Xiao Yan also saw that Mu Feng was a little weak. , and said.

"How is that possible!" Wu Jiang was also shocked when he heard the words. Although this is not their site, and the site was borrowed, the place where these newcomers live has also been inspected by him, and there will be no problems before they move in. If it is really Ru Xiao What Yan said, then the problem here is big.

"Xiao Yan, you continue." Wu Jiang also continued.

"Then when I was going to rest in my room last night, I went to that mysterious dark passage as soon as it got dark."

"When I first went to that passage, I felt a little weak and weak in my body, and I seemed to want to sleep very much, but fortunately, that feeling was suppressed by my efforts, so I was not defeated by the enemy."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Then there were some eerie and eerie figures that gathered our comatose people together, as if planning something big."

"And that passage extends in all directions, and there are many paths. If you are not careful, you will get lost."

"The most important thing is that there is an inconspicuous cold pond in the passage. That cold pond seems to seal some powerful creatures. Mu Feng and I also attacked, but we were shocked by the powerful creatures in it, and we escaped by luck. Come out." Xiao Yan also revealed everything one by one, after all, this is about the safety of the hundreds of people, so there is no room to be careless.

"And the man on him was the one we encountered on the way to escape." Xiao Yan's voice said slowly, but it struck Wu Jiang's heart like a giant thunder.

After he finished speaking, he put the person on him down, and Wu Jiang also hurried over to help him.

"Damn!"

"It's actually a ghost!"

"It's very difficult to get ghost qi into the body." Wu Jiang, who was also a huge fighter, slowly checked Jiang Yuan's body, and then stared viciously at the black qi on Jiang Yuan's body.

"Hey, it was really my negligence this time..."

"I didn't expect to cause such a big trouble..." Hearing this, Wu Jiang also sighed.

"Uncle Wu, now is not the time to blame yourself, the top priority is to rescue those newcomers who are comatose in the passage, otherwise, things will change later."

"And I seem to feel that the aura of those creatures in the passage is eerie and eerie. They are not humans, but ghosts in the ghost world."

"They took so many people silently, so it must have something to do with the things in the cold pool." Mu Feng also said impatiently.

"Where is the entrance you escaped from?"

"Take me to see!" Wu Jiang also said with vigilance. No one knows the importance of this matter better than him. Although the matter has come to an end, at least there is still a chance to remedy it.

"Go!" After Wu Jiang finished speaking, the three of them set off towards the trail.

"Hey, it's strange, we just came out from here, why is there no exit now?" Mu Feng was also the first to speak, with a puzzled look on his face.

"Are you sure it's here?" Wu Jiang also asked slightly with a frown.

"It is indeed here, but I don't know how the exit disappeared..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself at this time.

The two of them clearly came out of here before, how could the exit disappear for no reason...

"I'll try it out!" After Mu Feng finished speaking, he also read the formula.

"Qiankun Wuji, yin and yang gossip, Dharma eyes, open!" After speaking, on Mu Feng's forehead, between his eyes, a looming eye slowly appeared.

At the moment when Mu Feng cast the spell, Wu Jiang wanted to say something to stop it, but he took it back when he said it. He also wanted to figure out what was going on. As for other things...

A ten-year-old child with a milky voice also plays on this trail every day.

"You are here again!"

"What are you doing!"

"This is the road we finally built. Are you trying to blow it up?" The child's milky voice also appeared in the ears of several people.

Then the child ran over angrily, pointing fingers at Xiao Yan and the three of them.

"I told my mother earlier not to borrow your territory here, but my mother doesn't listen. You're better off now. You occupy our territory and don't talk about this and that..." After speaking, she looked at the three of them viciously.

"We just passed by here, there is no malicious intent, let's go." Wu Jiang also gave Xiao Yan a wink and said.

"I'll tell my mother when you come again!" The child also said relentlessly.

The three of Xiao Yan also left the trail and walked towards Wu Jiang's residence.

"How is it? Mu Feng?" Wu Jiang also asked.

"Uncle, it's very strange, even if I opened my eyes to see, there was no problem with the exit where Xiao Yan and I came out, as if there was originally a pile of land, and there was no exit!" Mu Feng also said suspiciously. The technique of yin and yang gossip has never appeared like this So it can only mean that the exit they came out of has disappeared out of thin air? How is this possible……

"Uncle Wu, what happened to that child..." Xiao Yan also saw that Uncle Wu was very polite to the child.

"Well, that kid is the son of the suzerain of this place, so..."

"This matter has to be discussed in the long run."

"Go on down, the fifth-class talents are also coming out today, you go and have a look, after all, the selection will start tomorrow."

"You just give full play to your strengths and participate in the election. We will handle this matter."

"The awards for this trial are also quite rich." Wu Jiang also said.

"Yeah." The two of them also left after hearing that.

"How could Jiang Yuan suffer from such a heavy ghost..."

"And how did the exit of the passage disappear out of thin air?"

"Could it be that Xiao Yan and the others said that the ghost in the cold pond is..." After speaking, Wu Jiang took out a letter, scribbled a few words, and shattered the space and flew in.

The letter has the word "urgent" on it.

In front of a magnificent hall, a man in a red robe was sitting leisurely sipping tea and wine, when he suddenly saw the void shaking violently, and then an envelope with the word "urgent" appeared.

With a wave of his hand, the envelope was opened, and several conspicuous typing appeared in front of the red-robed man.

"There seems to be a powerful ghost in Hongshan, please ask for help!"

Ask for recommendation and ticket~