Chapter Vol 4 1916: Reinforcement, 1 enemy 2!

The latest website: The wild demon domain, the field is vast, the army of the three powerhouses has been stationed here, but the White Bone Demon King has always adopted the situation of holding his troops. On the other hand, the Tianxiong Tyrant and the Black Demon Dragon Wolf's personal guards fought extremely fiercely. Even so, the White Bone Demon King didn't take advantage of the fire, and he has been using static braking.

In addition, this place can be regarded as the No. 1 battlefield of the ten ancient battlefields because of the fact that it is also the location of the two town demon prisons.

Among them, the Demon Suppression Prison that seals the two White Kings is in the deep wild demon realm. As for the Demon Suppression Prison that seals the only Red King, it is hidden in the depths of the Resentful Mansion battlefield. It is unknown and extremely hidden. Even if it is other strong people, there are very few people in the know.

"No... If we continue like this, I'm afraid we will all fall here." At this time, in the barren black desert area, countless wars and the sound of monsters fighting in the sky, one after another, among the defeated monsters, several figures couldn't bear it. Stay muttered.

They were covered in scars, and their aura was extremely sluggish. It was obvious that they had suffered an extremely fierce battle. Second, behind them, the black monster army was slaughtering them with high morale.

"Master Yaoshuai, we fought with them."

"There are absolutely no cowards among the soldiers in our Myriad Demon Nation." Looking into the distance is like a locust. Wherever they pass, whether it is the black desert or some monsters that cannot move because of injuries, they all vanish in an instant, and the monsters behind them Soldiers roared out.

"Calm me down!"

"We can't just fall like this, otherwise..." At this time, the demon handsome's eyes narrowed and he said coldly, and there was a deep anger in his eyes.

"Hahaha."

"Master Snake, the desert is indeed your innate favorite."

"Today, let the two of you accompany you, the army of ten thousand monsters, to be buried here completely!" At this time, the two commanders of the monsters stood in the sky with a huge army of tens of thousands, and sneered.

The two of them, with two black horns on one head, shaped like a humanoid man, stood high in the sky and roared coldly.

Blue-faced bull demon!

The commander-in-chief of the powerhouses in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Stage under the Tyrant Tianxiong!

The other person looks exactly the same as a human being, there is nothing weird, but the breath on his body is also in the early stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

The two Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Early Stage Demon Commanders, together with the tens of thousands of elite Monster Beast Legions behind them, would naturally have no suspense in dealing with the army of the old, weak, sick and disabled, which was only less than 10,000.

"I hope the demon kings can protect the personal guards. I will wait, and I will die without any regrets." Looking at this scene, countless Dao Senran smiled and said around the black desert like a **** of death. The leader let out a relieved smile, and then his whole body suddenly burned, and a stream of highly poisonous venom swept out along with a thousand-meter-sized green snake shadow.

Old Snake, the capable generals around the Ten Thousand Demon King, his strength has already reached the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, but unfortunately his breath is weak now, and he was beaten by the two early Eight Star Fighting Immortal powerhouses.

"Do not talk nonsense!"

"You and I will do it and catch him!" After Shunxi, the blue-faced bull demon spoke first and said to the other demon beside him.

"Okay."

"But the venom on this guy's body is extremely weird, be careful." As soon as the voice fell, the body of the blue-faced bull demon shook, and the body of the thousand-zhang-sized bull demon came out.

The cyan horns were covered with traces of sinister lines, and with the terrifying aura all over his body, the entire desert turned out to be filled with a hint of chill.

"Old Snake, try my horns!" Before the dazzling venom power around Snake's body was finished, the blue-faced bull demon snorted coldly, his body shook, and the huge body turned out to be shot directly at Mr. Snake's place. The terrifying airflow brought up along the way actually made the void hum, and because of the huge power contained in its body, the entire void made a faint sound of shattering.

"Not good!" Seeing the aggressive green-faced bull demon's body coming, and even the bull's horns covered with sinister lines on its green face, Old Snake's eyes shrank tightly and he lost his voice.

"Snake Bundle, Ten Thousand Snake Dance!" Watching this scene, Snake Shuai could only grit his teeth, and a trace of green blood essence burst out from his body, and then countless green snake shadows rushed out of him.

"Hahaha!"

"Master Snake, your attack is too weak!" When the countless snake shadows came into contact with the sturdy body of the blue-faced bull demon, they were easily shaken by their horns and dissipated.

"There is only this way." Looking at such a terrifying blue-faced bull demon, Snake Handsome's eyes loosened, and then a demon pill flashing with bright green light appeared gently.

Burn the demon pill!

In exchange for a huge amount of power in a short period of time, the price is complete loss!

However, just as Snake Shuai's palm was twisting and squirming crazily, a soft amber flame lightly wrapped his body, and even at the feet of the blue-faced bull demon who was already close at hand, there were rare flame cracks one after another. , suddenly exploded the black desert and emerged, completely isolating the snake handsome and the green-faced bull demon!

And in the crack of the flame, a beam of light swept out from the sky, and in the beam of flame, there seemed to be a thin figure wrapped in amber flames.

"Is there a change?" Looking at the beam of light, another human-looking monster stepped back abruptly, because from the beam of light, he clearly smelled a terrifying aura, the flame and the power contained in it, I'm afraid definitely not. Simple!

"This is..." In an instant, Snake Handsome who was surrounded by amber flames saw this, but slowly opened his eyes, looked at the thin figure in the beam of light, and lost his voice.

"Xiao Yan?"

That's right, the person who came was Xiao Yan.

"Pretend to be a ghost!"

"Death to this handsome!" Looking at the sudden sky-penetrating beam of light and the flame figure contained in it, the blue-faced bull demon didn't have any intention of stopping, his body twisted suddenly, the horns flashing with sinister lines, suddenly facing the Xiao Yan Tian Ling Gai stabbed!

The kind of severe oppression contained in it, even the real Eight-Star Fighting Immortal, can only temporarily avoid the edge!

"Bang bang bang!" At this time, the amber flame figure smiled slightly, and then a palm bathed in the golden immortal flame slowly stretched out and directly held the terrifying horn, as for the horror contained in the horn. The power was actually dissolved by it!

"Get out of here!" An extremely arrogant voice, accompanied by the strength of the hands, suddenly shook its horns.

"Xiao Yan That's a powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals!"

"It's not suitable to stay here for a long time, let's go!" The commander of the snake called out suddenly, his voice extremely urgent.

"Hum!" But at this time, above the sky, the powerful horns of the aggressive blue-faced bull demon were swinging at will on Xiao Yan's arm wrapped in immortal flame. On the contrary, the force was unbalanced, and he directly twisted, and his body was swayed by Xiao Yan's swing!

"Get off!" With a cold snort, Xiao Yan swung hard, and immediately this behemoth hit the black desert like a meteor that fell into the world!

The huge collision sound that resounded through the heavens and the earth shook the minds of countless people.

"Gulu..." As for the wounded monster behind Snake Commander, the corners of his mouth became dry, and he stared blankly at the figure standing in the sky above the pillar of light.

When did Xiao Yan's power become so terrifying?