Chapter Vol 4 1851: Demon Blade vs Blood Furnace Tides!

Just after being projected, the blood-cauldron swelled violently. After the breath, it became a hundred zhang in size and was erected directly into the air, like a blood-refining furnace specially used to refine the living dead. People suffocate.

Looking closely, there is no difference between this blood furnace and an ordinary medicine refining cauldron. The only difference is that there are extremely dark stabs all over the blood furnace. Those stabs are actually composed of countless ghostly ghosts. The shares are not inferior to the fierce energy of the fairy, and even they raised their hands together and walked towards the mouth of the furnace, as if they were setting off something!

The many faces of these souls can no longer be seen clearly, but the place where they are lifted up together by their sinister palms is clearly the mouth of the furnace.

As far as the eye can see, the top of the blood furnace is filled with endless dark aura, and the gloomy wind is blowing. There seems to be nothing at the furnace mouth, but Xiao Yan feels that there seems to be some kind of terrifying horror in the dark blood furnace. Creatures, slowly falling asleep.

"Push!"

"Soul Temple powerhouses obey the order and sacrifice themselves to the furnace!" Soul Wuji's voice just fell, and the dry Soul Temple powerhouses behind him glanced at each other. Only a few people walked out, and then projected into the blood furnace, turning into a pool of blood. Wei Wei filled a trace of the endless darkness of the blood furnace.

Even they, as Soul Palace powerhouses, never imagined that one day they would sacrifice their bodies to the furnace.

"Hmph... The guy who is greedy for life and fear of death, get in for me!" Looking at the fearful actions of countless soul palace powerhouses behind him, Hun Wuji waved his hand, and the tyrannical ghost qi directly sent all the soul palace powerhouses behind him one after another. into the evil furnace.

"Shabu!" The blood furnace devoured countless soul bodies, and suddenly became shaken, and even in the furnace mouth, scenes of blood seas with extremely terrifying power drifted out.

"Using evil to breed spirits and nourishing evil with souls, your Soul Palace is truly worthy of the name." Looking at this extremely obscure blood furnace, Xiao Yan's voice slowly became strange, with a look of disdain.

Soul Wuji ignored Xiao Yan, and countless souls and souls poured out of the black mist around him, and were directly projected into the blood furnace. For a time, the endless dark blood furnace land seemed to have endless blood. The cloud rolled violently and roared.

After the rest, the sky that was originally lit by the sun is now surrounded by screams, screams, and weeping. The hearts of 100,000 human beings are extremely depressed.

They may be members of the royal family of the Tianxing Continent, or they may be ordinary people, but after witnessing such terrifying methods of Soul Wuji, their faces became hideous, and they wished to personally go on the stage and bring this guy to justice.

Because of the cold aura above the blood furnace, their bodies trembled slightly. If there is no human crack, I am afraid that they will be thrown into the blood furnace next.

The **** aura continued to spread from the blood furnace, shaking the depths of everyone's soul, and whenever there was a soul palace powerhouse thrown into the blood furnace, the scarlet blood cloud in the blood furnace was shaking and boiling. When he got up, there was a slight trace of blood cloud overflowing. The blood cloud fell from the sky. Wherever the blood awn turned by the blood cloud passed, countless human beings instantly turned into white bones, and even the blood and soul power were swallowed up by the blood awn. net.

"It seems that you have already planned." The demon Xiao Yan stood in the sky, the dark green mist all over his body was steaming, and the shadow of the demon behind him was like a superior, looking down at the soul Wuji who was constantly controlling the blood furnace, Xiao Yan. Yan sneered.

"Originally, this was to deal with Mekal, but I didn't expect it to be used on you."

"But it doesn't matter, this time, no matter what kind of **** holy flame controller or demon you are, you will be completely submerged in the blood furnace tide."

"Xiao Yan, are you satisfied with this great gift that this hall master has prepared for you?"

At this time, the black mist around his body had completely disappeared, and even his breath had dropped to the level of the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. The clouds rolled, all revealing a terrifying force that was enough to suppress the heavens and the earth.

"This..." At this moment, Emperor Lin also retreated from the sky, slowly surrounded himself with Princess Lin Yunshu and the high-level royal family, watching the battle of the mighty powerhouses above the sky, he could only smile bitterly.

After all, he is the king of a country, and it is impossible to fight to the death, and if he falls, the entire royal family is behind him.

"Father, we support you." Lin Yunshu frowned slightly, looking at the battle above the sky, smiling as he seemed to sense the deep meaning of the emperor's wry smile.

"Don't worry, since this guy was invited by you, this king will send him back unscathed."

"..."

"Xiao Yan, decide the outcome." After a while, Soul Wuji felt that the tide of destruction in the blood furnace under his feet had been suppressed to the limit, and the soul body roared out with a rebellious tone.

"That's what you want!"

"Devil!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't do much, but called out softly. At the same time, countless dark green mists in Xiao Yan's body seemed to be summoned, and slowly burst out from the body.

Surrounded by countless dark greens, the name of the devil is well deserved!

Not long after, in front of Xiao Yan, an unusually harsh tornado roared out, and in the tornado, there was a small dark green sword about an inch long. On the body is engraved with a vague figure like a human being.

That figure looks like Xiao Yan and also looks like a devil.

"Devil's Blade!" Xiao Yan's palm swelled countless times as he spoke. The weak dragon scales on his arm were covered with a dark green demon pattern, and he suddenly grabbed the demon's sword.

"Gather all the strength of my men, soul sacrifice!"

"Blood Furnace Tide!" Soul Wuji looked at the devil's blade that swooped down with the devil's tornado, but there was no fear.

"It's over..." Xiao Yan revealed a very terrifying grimace, his arms and body simultaneously exerted strength, waving the devil's blade, slashing at Soul Wuji.

Devil, this is the first time that this world has appeared. Even Gamma and others who study devils do not know how powerful the devil's power is. Similar to the devil's sword, it is only Xiao Yan's own understanding. Quite a simple effect on the power of the devil.

"Boom!" The blood furnace exploded like a tidal wave of energy, and Xiao Yan, like a meteor falling from the top of the sky, suddenly started to collide with an aura of awe.

"Push puff!"

"Bang Bang Bang!" The world trembled, and the scarlet blood rain was mixed with an indescribable dark green aura, like a downpour falling from the sky, and the entire core circle of the Star Continent was wrapped in it.

The world was silent, and the pupils of countless human beings below shrank tightly as they stared absently at the world-destroying battle above the sky!

Xiao Yan took the incomparable demon blade and slashed directly, and Huo Wuji was also bathed in the tide of blood clouds, who was stronger or weaker, this moment troubled them!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.