Chapter Vol 4 1633: The master of the West Temple, Fang Hao!

Rival!

Even if this light was judged by his voice, Xiao Yan was able to discover that the strength of this mysterious guy hidden in the deepest part of the Earth Spirit Pagoda was far beyond his ability to handle, and with such a slight sound, the countless forces in his body seemed to be doing their best It broke out to resist, but it was still extremely difficult to resist, like an ant trying to compete with the veil of the sky, and the result can be imagined.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan resisted after being shaken back by the sound. After a while, his figure was shaken back by the vicissitudes of life like a bird frightened. The vicissitudes of life in Si Po's weak voice actually caused Xiao Yan to have such a serious appearance, which made Xiao Yan feel vigilant. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"..." Reluctantly stabilized his figure, his eyes scattered everywhere, but he couldn't find the source of the voice.

"..." At the same time, the Master of Soul Eater also seemed to have disappeared, and only Xiao Yan was left, but Xiao Yan did not realize that the aura of the Master of Soul Eater in his body suddenly surged up. , that kind of power has recovered a lot, and I don't know how to achieve it.

"Little guy, the fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda is the forbidden area of ​​the entire Lishun Territory, let's go out." The next moment, the voice of vicissitudes sounded, but this time, with the sound of this voice, there were countless ancient trees in the sky. The leaves danced, emitting a sweet and crisp sound, this space was full of repulsive force against Xiao Yan! The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"The King of Thunder and Fire!"

"Swallowing Flames!" Realizing that the Qidu Diversion Soul Cup was in front of him, Xiao Yan forcibly endured this abnormal rejection and performed it with all his might. Even Xiao Yan himself didn't notice that there was a trace between his heart and eyebrows. Weird breath, trying to break out of the ground.

"Too weak." Seeing Xiao Yan being so tenacious, the voice of vicissitudes emerged, containing extremely terrifying contempt.

"Hey!" In the blink of an eye, a beam of thunder light suddenly emerged from the two ancient trees, and immediately shot towards Xiao Yan's location.

The thunder beam seems to be weak, but it contains a power that Xiao Yan can't understand, as if the slightest contamination will completely disappear!

"Boom!" Such a slight thunder beam, lightly cut through the void, with an aura of awe, and headed straight for Xiao Yan.

"..." Xiao Yan's face was heavy. At this time, with the help of the Thunder Fire Hell, his defense power had been greatly improved, and he had even used the swallowing technique, and his strength had reached the four-star Douxian Perfection, but with such power, in the face of this When the inconspicuous thunder beam is beamed, a touch of fear from the depths of the soul pervades, and this fear is not the suppression above the blood, but the absolute suppression from the strength!

"It's over." After the casual blow, the vicissitudes of life also slowly dissipated. It seemed that he was extremely confident in his blow. He was not staring at Xiao Yan, his breath was hidden, and he disappeared here.

"Humph!"

"In the middle of the eight-star fighting immortal, I also tried to hurt my disciple..."

"Boom!" In an instant, just as the beam of destruction thunder was about to hit Xiao Yan, a tyrannical breath like a master suddenly roared out from Xiao Yan's body, and was shocked by such a violent sound, the beam of thunder, directly on the turned into powder in the void.

"This breath...how is it possible?" At that time, a shocked voice from the mysterious powerhouse who was about to dissipate the silence filled the white void.

"Weng hum!" The voice of the Soul Eater just came out of Xiao Yan's body, and suddenly a dark and extremely devouring force spread out continuously like a tide centered at Xiao Yan's feet.

"Guru." In the silent space, a drooling voice suddenly emerged, and the figure of the mysterious powerhouse was slowly exposed.

This is a middle-aged man, with a ferocious face, quite scary, with strong muscles, silver thunder lines on the muscles, which contain some kind of shocking and terrifying power, on top of his arms , a giant axe stands on top of the giant axe, a steady stream of thunder light emerges, and even above the thunder axe, a rather hideous and strange thunder beast is engraved on it. The thunder beast has a very strange shape, but it contains With a very violent atmosphere.

"Devouring... the Lord of Soul Eater?" The middle-aged man lost his voice when he noticed that in the white space, he was completely rendered by the extremely dark black swallowing power of the Lord of Soul Eater.

"Fang Hao?"

"Among the four major temples in the south, south and northwest, the Lord of Li Soul, the temple master of the West Temple?" Xiao Yan also seemed to remember something when he heard the mouth of the Lord of Soul Eater.

Regarding the Temple of the Lord of Li Soul, the Lord of Soul Eater once explained something to himself.

The shrine of Lord Li Soul is the most mysterious void in Li Soul Domain, where the energy of heaven and earth is abundant, and the geographical location is mysterious. Even the masters of many planes under Li Soul Domain do not know the exact location.

Among the shrines, there are four major shrines in the south, south, and northwest. The Lord of Li Soul lives in the North Shrine. In addition, there are three major shrines. The three major shrines are the most powerful under the Lord of Li Soul, because The masters of the other three temples were all ranked among the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

Eight-star Fighting Immortal, a mere four-character, but it represents the pinnacle of existence in Li Soul Domain today.

Xiao Yan doesn't know what kind of abilities the Eight-star Fighting Immortal has but Xiao Yan knows that after the Five-star Fighting Immortal, once he has the domain, his strength and combat effectiveness will undergo earth-shaking changes, not to mention the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, even if it is a six-star Fighting Immortal. Xingdouxian, I am afraid they are all existences like holding the sky with one hand. Eight-star fighting immortals, under the Li Soul Realm, can undoubtedly be regarded as a "god" existence.

The three major temples of the East, South and West, the master of the West Temple, Fang Hao, Lei attribute, has already reached the peak of strength, and is extremely low-key. Guarded in the Earth Spirit Pagoda, could it be that the purpose of their search for the Qidu Inducing Soul Cup was leaked, and Li Soul Domain planned in advance, the purpose was to prevent the Lord of Soul Eater from recovering his peak power?

"Little guy, you did a great job."

"Leave it to me next." In the boundless world of devouring, the Lord of Soul Eater turned into a black shadow, and said to Xiao Yan with relief. The oppression of Xiao Yan has only gradually weakened.

"Teacher, he is very strong, so be careful." Xiao Yan nodded lightly when he heard the words, but all the strength in his body was always ready. If there was any change in the battle between the two, even if it was the threat of being seriously injured and falling, Xiao Yan would still be at a loss. Do not hesitate to take action. After all, Xiao Yan knows that his current achievements are inseparable from the Master of Soul Eater.

"Haha...Even though I'm not in my heyday now, I'm still more than enough to deal with a mid-stage Eight-star Fighting Immortal." Seeing Xiao Yan being so worried, the Soul Eater laughed slowly, but the voice was filled with a hint of mischief. Shares of war!

The Qidu Yinhunzhan is just around the corner. Whether it can defeat Fang Hao, the master of the West Temple, who is as strong as the middle stage of the Eight-star Dou Xian, and obtain the treasure to restore the power, or whether the two have completely fallen here, is unknown.

A battle unfolded slowly.