Chapter 341: 9 Fish and Dragon Formation!

"How could it be?" Mu Feng looked at Xiao Yan's eyes and turned around to try.

"This thing..."

"It seems that I really can't take it away, because I feel that it is alive and connected to this ground!" Mu Feng also said after testing.

"Then don't touch it for now." Xiao Yan also pondered, obviously this Fish Origin Stone is a rare treasure, just the level of Dou Qi contained in the Fish Origin Stone in front of him, even an ordinary Seven Star Dou Emperor would not succeed. Give more.

Moreover, Xiao Yan also discovered that there seems to be a very strange power hidden in this fish source stone, as if it has spiritual wisdom...

After trying many methods to get the fish source stone, and the fish source stone was still not moving, Xiao Yan also gave up.

However, Xiao Yan and the others are also the kind of people who take advantage of their own interests and forget their righteousness. Since this thing cannot be taken, they will not take it without authorization. After all, there is only an unknown space here. If something is triggered...

"Then Xiaoshouda's fat brothers and sisters disappeared without a trace, why don't we chase after them..."

"They must know something. In order to prevent us, they ran first." Mu Feng also smiled bitterly. Obviously, this is the home court of the Xuanling Royal Family, and they have no way to point at the two of them.

"Wait a while." The three of them also stood up slowly, just about to catch up, Xiao Yan said.

Before Xiao Yan could finish speaking, he walked to the edge of the passage and tapped on it viciously with both hands.

"Dong, dong, dong!" A series of voices echoed throughout the passage.

But after listening carefully, the sound of the percussion also lacked stamina, and it didn't take long for it to return to calm.

"It seems that the outside of this passage is hollow, which means..."

"We should have entered the nine-fish dragon formation of the Tianmuyu clan." Xiao Yan's eyes were also uncertain, and he said.

"What is the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation?" Mu Yingying was also talking, apparently like a scholar who seeks knowledge.

"I should know why the brother and sister got rid of us in the first place."

"If I expected it right, this is just a channel for reception."

"So let's go out and talk about it first." Xiao Yan also laughed, obviously knowing something.

"Yeah." Mu Yingying and Mu Feng also responded, even if they were extremely puzzled, what the **** was going on, they had no choice but to suppress their doubts, and then started to hurry.

Coming from the space teleportation formation in the underground palace also enters this unknown channel. This is a five-meter-wide channel, and its actual length is only a few kilometers away. Apart from this channel, the surrounding area is also tightly wrapped. , even the soul power of Emperor Xiao Yan's mortal level could not feel the things outside this passage, so he had to hurry.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's almost there." Xiao Yan also spoke, obviously there was an extremely dazzling place in front of him, and that was the exit of this passage.

"It's finally out." Mu Feng also said with a smile, for some reason, since he just discovered the Fish Origin Stone in that passage, Mu Feng has a vague sense of melancholy...

"here……"

"It's so weird..." Mu Yingying also said, and then her eyes showed a very suspicious look.

"Sure enough, it's the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon..." The three of Xiao Yan also came out of the passage, and the dazzling sun rays also shone under their feet.

The next moment, just after they came out of the passage, the eyes of the three of them were invariably alert!

Because what appeared in front of the three of them at this time was an extremely huge land!

This land is very strange, like a giant basin!

High all around, bottom in the middle!

And some of the roads go down!

The Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Formation, taking Xiao Yan and the others out of the passageway as the highest point, and then spreading down, the feeling is like a pond!

At this time, the place where Xiao Yan and the others were located was the top of the pond. Looking around, a huge basin with a circular depression appeared in front of the three of them...

"Is this the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon..." Mu Feng also said, his voice full of shock.

Just from this battle, I also feel that an extremely terrifying aura permeates!

"one……"

"two……"

"Nine!" Mu Yingying didn't hesitate, then raised her jade hand slightly and counted the places that were also at the highest point.

There are nine of them!

The exit of the passage that Jiutiao and Xiao Yan just passed through are exactly the same!

Going out from the entrance, the nine paths are also heading towards the bottom of the square, like a natural road!

"That is……"

"Xiaoshouda's fat two brothers and sisters!" At the next moment, Mu Feng's pupils shrank tightly, and then he saw the two who were with them just now on the opposite side of them.

"Haha, you guys are still a step late..." Xiao Shou also held several different small stones in his hands, and then slowly pinched them and smiled at Xiao Yan who was standing at a high place.

"Brother, don't worry about them, let's do business first." Da Fatty's voice also entered Xiaoshou's mind.

"Um."

"Do the business first, then let the three people in the Burning Incense Pavilion return without success!"

"It's too naive to want to get our hands on the treasures of our Xuanling royal family by defeating the twin ghost emperors!" Xiaoshou also snorted coldly, and then ignored Xiao Yan and the three of them, picked up the small stone in his hand, facing the Run away from the passage behind him!

Xiaoshou and Da Pang both had some very tiny stones in their hands, and then they also walked away, facing different passages!

"What are they doing..." Mu Feng also murmured, then glanced at Mu Yingying.

At this time, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes slowly turned, and looking at the appearance, she was clearly looking at this somewhat strange square.

"I heard from Mr. Zhu The Nine Fishes and Dragons Formation is a defensive formation, and the core of the formation is nine stones."

"When this formation was at its peak, it was used by the nine powerhouses of the Tianmuyu clan, and when the nine joined forces, it was even closer to the powerhouses of Dou Xian!"

"Nine stones, each of which is guarded by a strong man of the Tianmu fish clan..."

"Only by collecting these nine stones can we crack the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation..."

"The Emperor Xuanling Pond should be in the center of the basin..."

"I didn't expect that the Xuanling Imperial Family's protection of the Xuanling Imperial Pond would be so severe. It seems that the value of this Xuanling Imperial Pond cannot be underestimated..." Xiao Yan also thought quickly.

"Mu Yingying, Mu Feng, you two come here."

"I know how to crack this place." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

"Huh?" Mu Feng and Mu Yingying also asked a question at the same time, and then approached Xiao Yan.

"This way..." Xiao Yan also attached to the ears of the two and said slowly...

"so……"

"Okay..." After Mu Yingying heard it, she also showed a look of thinking. Obviously, what Xiao Yan said just now was really absurd.

"Although it sounds incredible, but..."

"You can give it a try!" Mu Feng also laughed, and then looking at the square, his eyes became hot!

Ask for tickets!

Three shifts today!