Chapter Vol 4 1443: Tianming Mountain Villa!

"Huhu... this guy." Seeing the crisis lifted, many of the comatose colleagues also woke up. When they saw Xiao Yan's figure, they also had a trace of self-blame. It was obvious that their actions just now were too abrupt.

In an instant, this mountain peak also restored its original appearance. At the same time as it was quiet, the mysterious gate of light at the core of the mountain peak slowly poured into everyone's sight.

"Now that you're ready, let's go." Xiao Yan glanced at the fact that all the people in the two teams had assembled, and smiled slowly.

"Go!" The next moment, everyone's figures flickered and poured directly into the door of light.

"Hey, you two old fellows." As Xiao Yan's many contestants poured into the Gate of Light, they moved towards the interior of Tianming Villa, and suddenly three figures slowly appeared in the mountain peak.

The three figures were Yuan Xiao, Duan Tianhong and the mysterious person who was in charge of their assessment.

"Deacon Feng?" Yuan Xiao just appeared, and he was surprised when he saw the middle-aged man in front of him.

Although Yuan Xiao did not know Duo Tianhong, the overlord of Dongzhou, he was deeply impressed by the man in front of him, because this guy was in Tianming Mountain Villa. Yuan Xiao has a high status and strength, so Yuan Xiao naturally has to respect the three points.

"It seems that this time, the two of you have come prepared." Deacon Feng said with a slow smile, but when he saw Du Tianhong, he also respected him. Although his time was tyrannical, it was not the same as the real one. Compared with Du Tianhong, the overlord of the Eastern Continent, there is undoubtedly a long way to go.

"Hehe." Yuan Xiao laughed.

"Let's go, let's go in first." The next moment, Deacon Feng also noticed some subtle fluctuations in Duo Tianhong's body and the appearance of hesitating to speak, and the three of them rushed into the gate of light at the same time.

"Crash!" The crowd of Xiao Yan had just rushed into the gate of light, and with just a few breaths, they passed through the gate of space and came to another space.

This space is where the Tianming Villa is located!

It turns out that Tianming Mountain Villa is actually a special space similar to that opened up by the strong!

"This...is this Tianming Mountain Villa?" Everyone just left the gate of space, and suddenly looked at the fairyland-like scene in front of them with a stunned voice, and lost their voices.

At this time, everyone appeared on a mountain. Obviously, this is the transmission point of the gate of space, but looking down the mountain, a trail completely composed of countless flowers shocked everyone, and even took advantage of the living Because of the height, everyone can clearly see that at the end of the trail of flowers, the overall appearance of Tianming Villa also made everyone secretly smack their tongues.

Tianming Villa is a huge building with a square overall shape, surrounded by clouds and mists, making it more mysterious. Countless strange-shaped buildings make it the real core of four continents.

There are huge buildings on the four sides of the square city, and in the center of the city, a towering mansion emerges. Obviously, there is the real Tianming Villa, and the surrounding buildings seem to set off Tianming Villa and exist.

"Isn't it very shocking?" In an instant, in the mountains, looking at everyone's astonished expressions, Du Qifei immediately laughed. After all, it was not the first time she came here, so she naturally had some impressions.

"Tianming Villa is really impressive." Pastoral also smacked his tongue secretly. Obviously, the overall area of ​​Tianming Villa is actually larger than their Dongzhou Thunder Realm.

"Tianming Villa is the law enforcement place of Yinhuntian, so in the four continents, Tianming Villa has always acted as a law enforcement officer."

"Here is the base camp of Tianming Villa, and the buildings surrounding Tianming Villa are all strong people who have made certain contributions to the four continents, and are only qualified to live."

"In addition to the detached status of Tianming Villa, every strong man from four continents is proud to live in Tianming Villa." Duo Qifei looked at the towering Tianming Villa below and explained slowly. .

"Let's go, we are also entering." After a while, Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Hey, are you all the contestants who participated in the Four Continents Competition this trip?" In an instant, the second team had just moved, and a hearty laughter slowly reverberated.

"Who?" Xiao Yan and Yun Qi's vigilant soul power naturally discovered the source of the voice for the first time, and said vigilantly.

"Hey, everyone, don't panic, in Xia Tianfu, it is the guide who will lead you to Tianming Villa." In an instant, a white light appeared in front of everyone, and finally easily turned into a man of the same age as Xiao Yan and the others.

The man was dressed in elegant clothes, with a smile on his face.

"Tianfu... Sanxing Dou Xian?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slowly and said, this guy's strength should not be underestimated.

"Everyone, please come with me. I will take you to the rest area. After the other contestants pass the test and enter Tianming Villa, I will announce the rules of the competition as soon as possible."

"So at this time, you can rest well. In addition, in Tianming Villa, there are countless rare treasures and magical medicines. If you have countless, you can walk around..."

"However, the transaction method of Tianming Villa is different from the outside world. Here, only barter can be done." Tianfu smiled.

"It seems that there is still some time before the start of the competition. I don't know if Ming Shanzhuang can find the last medicinal ingredient to swallow the undead fire." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly.

"Everyone, please come with me." As soon as the voice fell, Tianfu took the lead in walking, and took everyone down the mountain directly towards Sifang City.

"This place...is really prosperous." Everyone was walking on the square street, and this place was extremely prosperous. The dazzling array of goods dazzled everyone, and there were even many things that even Xiao Yan himself had never seen.

"arrive."

"This is where you live." In an instant, Tianfu took everyone to a quiet courtyard in the east of Sifang City, and then arranged a resting place, smiling.

"East of Sifang City..." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words, but Xiao Yan had vaguely discovered These squares seem to have strengths and weaknesses. , was obviously not the most prosperous place, but he didn't care too much about it. After all, Xiao Yan had the chance to win the competition in the four continents.

"never mind."

"Everyone is quite tired today, let's rest early." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also slowly returned to his house, ready to take a rest, and then gave Yuan Yan his own array scroll to practice.

As for Du Tianhong, everyone in Leigu didn't have much to worry about. After all, this guy was a genuine five-star fighting immortal. Even in Tianming Mountain Villa, he was admired by thousands of people.

And as everyone entered the Tianming Villa and settled down, strange things happened in other places.

full book

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!