Chapter Vol 2 827: Jointly Kaifeng

"Everyone present wants to enter Guanghan Island, so everyone will not sell it."

"The token on Jade Rabbit Island is in my hand. Which of you owns the token of Moonlight Island?"

"Let's join hands to open Guanghan Island." At this time, in the mid-air at the entrance of Guanghan Island, Meng Fei of Dan Valley suddenly floated into the air, and then said to the group of people.

On Meng Fei's palm, he held a very mysterious object tightly, and everyone could vaguely guess that this object must be related to the opening of the entrance to Guanghan Island.

"People from Pill Valley?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly.

Although most of the outstanding disciples of the super sects entered the Moonlight Island, the ones who entered the Jade Rabbit Island, not to mention the Hua Lexin of the initial strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in the puppet mansion, plus the strange woman from the Heartless Valley. Bing Shui and some tyrannical disciples, how could the token in Jade Rabbit Island be obtained by the people of Pill Valley?

In this case, I am afraid it is enough to show that this guy named Meng Fei has some skills.

"It is said that Meng Fei's strength should not be underestimated."

"In the early days of the seven-star Dou Di, with the addition of the alchemist's skills, it is very likely that we will be a formidable opponent for us to acquire the heritage of the relics this time." Xiu Qi said slightly.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately noticed that other people were coming one after another.

Feng Hong from the Ancient Desolate Palace, Solomon Gunni, Wandu Sect, Poison Sect, etc., Xiao Yan from many forces secretly sensed it.

"Go." Yue Ru also nodded lightly.

"En." Seeing this, Xiao Yan got up slightly.

"You?" Meng Fei from Dan Valley was a little surprised when he saw Xiao Yan.

The fact that Xiao Yan killed Qi Haoran was naturally known to everyone.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Xiao Yan!"

"How dare you come out!"

"It was you who killed my brother!"

"I want you to pay for your life!" Xiao Yan's figure just appeared, and Qi Haoqing's figure suddenly burst out, attacking Xiao Yan!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan faced Qi Haoqing's attack without dodging or evading, but said in a low voice.

"The blood curse on this guy seems to be hidden?"

"But this guy's mind is probably already under the control of the evil clan." Xiao Yan thought.

"Come back to me!" Although Meng Fei didn't want to pay attention to this matter, but at this time, he would definitely not let the two go to war. After all, the matter of the ruins was important.

"The two of you are quiet for a while. The most urgent task now is the ruins. As for your own personal affairs, you should wait for the ruins to finish." Meng Fei thought for a while and then said.

"Meng Fei, the person who died was not from your Pill Valley, you naturally don't feel bad, but that's my brother!" Qi Haoqing finished speaking, bloodshot eyes filled his eyes, as if he wanted to kill Xiao Yan.

"Qi Haoqing, you don't have to act. Others don't know about it. Don't I know about your Xuanling royal family?"

"Don't worry, I will go to your Xuanling royal family sooner or later." Xiao Yan said coldly.

"Humph!"

"I'm afraid you don't have the guts!" Qi Haoqing also snorted coldly, but being mentioned by Xiao Yan, Qi Haoqing's pupils were still blood red in a flash. Obviously, Xiao Yan should know about the blood curse. The power of the blood curse slowly thought.

"Okay, let's get down to business first." Meng Fei flashed a hint of doubt, preventing the two from continuing to quarrel.

"Hehe, it seems that Xiao Yan has provoked some people who can't be provoked this time."

"I just don't know what their attitude towards Burning Incense Pavilion is. After all, this kind of thing, but..." Wang Xie laughed grimly, looking like he was watching a play.

"You can't say that, in case Xiao Yan this guy..." Guni laughed maliciously.

"Let's go, let's go over and join them." Not long after, the five poisons walked directly in front of the crowd, facing the team of Mu Yingying and her party.

"What are you doing?" Seeing this, Xiu Qi immediately became vigilant.

Although the Burning Incense Pavilion, the Wanhua Pavilion and the Poison Sect do have some relationship, it is not the case.

"At the order of the sect master, this trip will help you." Wu Po, with Lin Zhu, said lightly.

"I hope not to cause any trouble." Xiu Qi heard the words and naturally did not refuse, because when he left the sect, Xiu Qi also received a voice transmission from his sect master, and it was said that the Poison Sect would also help them.

"Now, let's wait for Guanghan Island to open." After the five poisons finished speaking, they didn't speak.

"Xiao Yan really killed Qi Haoran in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di?" Lin Zhu asked in a low voice in disbelief.

"You know that you're still here, so you're not afraid of Xiao Yan treating you..." Mu Feng heard the words, and immediately prepared to scare Lin Zhu.

"I'm not afraid of people from the Xuanling royal family, but this Xiao Yan's strength is too perverted."

"In the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, even Senior Sister is not easy to deal with..." Lin Zhu whispered, and continued to look at the two above the sky.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan watched Qi Haoqing go down, and then said to Meng Fei.

"I heard that you are also a pharmacist?"

"We have a lot of resources in the Pill Valley. If you want to switch to our sect, you can give it a try. After all, we are not afraid of the Xuanling Emperor." Meng Fei said.

"Do you think that we are afraid of the Xuanling royal family in the Burning Incense Pavilion?" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a strange and brilliant flame appeared in his eyes, and he stared at Meng Fei with a slight smile.

"Sure enough, he has some strength and courage. No wonder he was able to kill Qi Haoran." Meng Fei said.

"When the nonsense is over, let's start." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the Silver Light Rat stuck out his head slightly.

"Come out!" Meng Fei frowned when he heard the words, how could Xiao Yan be so rude, he kindly invited him.

However, Meng Fei is not the kind of person with a heart of snakes and scorpions, he said immediately.

Following Meng Fei's exit, the mysterious thing in the palm of the slowly surfaced, and a scroll full of silver moon runes appeared slightly.

"Guanghan Island, this uncle is back again, hehe." The Silver Light Mouse saw Meng Fei's silver moon scroll, and immediately flew over without hesitation, and immediately swallowed it into his belly.

"etc?"

"You just swallowed it for me?" Meng Fei couldn't help being surprised when he saw this.

This scroll records how to crack the entrance to Guanghan Island, but Meng Fei himself can't understand the handwriting on it.

"Humph!"

"What do you know!"

"Can this uncle still harm you?" Yinguang Rat snorted coldly at Meng Fei, then ignored it.

"Don't worry, I won't cheat you again this time." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

And with Xiao Yan smiling like this, Meng Fei's expression turned extremely ugly.

"This guy, I hope you don't play any tricks, otherwise even if you gather the disciples of the three pavilions, I will definitely let you go!" After Meng Fei finished speaking, he stared at the silver mouse.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan saw that the Silver Light Rat swallowed the silver scroll, digested one, and then circles of silver runes appeared on his body.

"Leave it to me!" The Silver Light Mouse also knew the importance of the matter, and immediately raised his paws without hesitation, and the silver rays of light went towards the mysterious Guanghan Island, and with the actions of the Silver Light Mouse, that Guanghan Island suddenly showed signs of relaxation!

Today is the fourth watch, so don't wait.