Chapter 191: The coffin and the black gas beam!

The corners of Xiao Yan's mouth twitched, and then brilliance flashed around his body. Three thousand thunderbolts were exerted to the extreme, and the whole person disappeared out of thin air.

Although he didn't know what was in the coffin, Xiao Yan also vaguely guessed from the fearful look on the werewolf's face before that the contents were definitely not simple, so the werewolf's two fangs must not be allowed to open the coffin without authorization. .

When it reappeared, Xiao Yan had already appeared in front of two fangs, one black and one white.

Xiao Yan's soul power has always been tightly locked on the two red fangs and the other black, so Xiao Yan was able to find it so quickly.

Above the coffin, the two hole seals seem to be exactly the same as this fang!

Then, just when Er Dao Fang was about to reach the hole seal of the coffin, Xiao Yan's milky white flame vindictive energy instantly released, and the terrifying energy instantly shocked Er Dao Fang.

Then Xiao Yan was also a quick-witted leader to take it into his pocket.

Er Dao Fang had just started, and an extremely gloomy and cold aura came from it, but Xiao Yan couldn't care less, and directly put it behind his back.

"Hoo~"

"It's okay." Xiao Yan sighed in shock, and then put it up to the fangs. Although there was some breath and soul on it, it was too weak.

The Golden Dragon King also didn't care about Xiao Yan's situation, and then stared blankly at the coffin in the secret room, as if the aura inside was somewhat similar to his own: "It seems to have a familiar smell..."

Outside the passage, when Xiao Yan killed the werewolf, Yue Ru and Mu Feng also woke up, but they felt a little pain in their heads.

"Where's Xiao Yan?" Yueru also gently rubbed her forehead with her jade hand, and then asked softly.

"To be caught in the werewolf's scheme, really..." Mu Feng also said helplessly.

"Xiao Yan, he should be chasing the werewolf. Look, there is a small door here, obviously it is from here." Mu Feng said, pointing his finger to a road next to him.

"Let's go find him." Yueru said softly.

"Let's go." Mu Feng was not a hesitant either. After speaking, he and Yueru moved forward one after the other.

This happened just after entering the perimeter of the first floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, so the two of them also knew the importance of the team.

After Xiao Yan accepted the two fangs, he stood quietly outside the steps of the coffin, watching carefully inside the secret room.

This is a very large cave, more than ten feet wide, and it is extremely dark inside, without a single light. I am afraid that it has not seen sunlight for thousands of years.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan also faintly felt that there seemed to be something hidden in this cave, which had been preventing his soul power from exploring.

This thing is very strange, but unfortunately Xiao Yan could not guess what it was.

Xiao Yan pondered for a while, milky-white flame energy flowed around his body, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand flickered with milky-white light, and the different fire firmly protected him.

At the same time, Xiao Yan placed a light shield condensed by Dou Qi outside his body, carefully protecting himself.

After everything was almost ready, Xiao Yan stepped on the steps and walked slowly towards the coffin.

Xiao Yan in the darkness was like a bright light, slowly illuminating the surroundings.

Just as he stepped on the steps, Xiao Yan's face showed a serious expression, and there was a hint of vigilance in his eyes.

Because when he just stepped on the steps, he felt that countless invisible and eerie auras were crazily eroding his fighting spirit.

Xiao Yan was a little shocked in his heart. These invisible breaths are not powerful, but what is surprising is that there are so many of them, I am afraid they are not under tens of thousands of Dao, and although his Dou Qi and strange fire protect him, they continue to go forward and backward. Under the corrosion of the aura, there was also a faint weakening, which was beyond Xiao Yan's imagination.

When Xiao Yan approached the center of the secret room, the number of unknown tiny auras around him had exceeded half a million, and a trace of sweat appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead.

The invisible small breaths around him kept eroding the fighting spirit on Xiao Yan's body. The dazzling milky white fighting spirit at this time had slowly dimmed, and the surroundings were getting darker and more mysterious.

Xiao Yan's face was serious, his eyes were full of mental energy, he snorted lightly, and then his whole body was possessed by flames, like a fire god.

The appearance of the strange fire instantly illuminated the entire secret room, and then with the release of mental power, although the mental power is very small, Xiao Yan was surprised to find that ghost qi can not only increase mental power, on the contrary, mental power is also a ghost The nemesis of anger, this made Xiao Yan immediately see those tiny breaths that were originally invisible.

But after seeing it, it made his heart pale.

It turned out that these tiny breaths were all black auras, not evil.

It's just that these auras all carried an evil aura, which made Xiao Yan always think it was some kind of ghost.

Why did these qi awns automatically attack Xiao Yan who entered?

The answer is also obvious. Obviously, such a weak breath is protecting the coffin in the center.

Xiao Yan's mental power was released, and his eyes instantly glowed with a different look, and he slowly stopped at the place where the coffin was located in the center of the cave.

There, outside the coffin, there was a black beam of light several feet in diameter.

Xiao Yan tried to use his mental power to attach to his eyes to explore the mysteries there, but as soon as his mental power got close, he would be distracted by the ghostly energy around the black beam of light, and he couldn't find anything.

Xiao Yan's expression showed a hint of solemnity. The milky white light around him flashed, and the huge soul force rushed towards the beam of light, illuminating the surroundings again.

Looking at the black beam of light carefully, Xiao Yan realized that even his mortal soul power at the Emperor Realm couldn't see through the black beam of light, and he didn't know what was hidden inside This made Xiao Yan There was a hint of curiosity in his heart, the more difficult it was to understand, the more interested he was, and he must figure it out.

Xiao Yan slowly walked around the black beam of light, with a contemplative look in his eyes, thinking about how to crack the aura of the beam of light and explore the secrets hidden in it.

However, he saw his master, the Golden Dragon King, hovering above the coffin all the time, staring at some mysterious words on the coffin.

And Xiao Yan couldn't read these words clearly, so he had to look at the black beam of light!

The aura in this black beam of light is also eerie and eerie, so Xiao Yan couldn't detect it with all his powers, so Xiao Yan had to give up on this, and then stared at his master, the Golden Dragon King, hoping to find something.

After all, his master, the Golden Dragon King, is well-informed. Judging from the contemplative appearance of his master, he obviously knows the words on the coffin.

"Take out the two fangs and insert them into the hole seal. This coffin seems to be unusual." The Golden Dragon King also spoke.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also gently took out the two fangs, and then slowly inserted them into the hole seal above the coffin.

Just listening to the sound of "Kaza!", the two fangs and the hole seal on the coffin perfectly overlapped, and then the strange thing was that the coffin was not opened, followed by a passionate dragon roar in the black beam of light next to it!

"Not good!" The Golden Dragon King also shouted loudly, and then the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Yan were sucked into the black beam of light, and the secret room returned to dead silence.

Ask for recommendation and ticket~