Chapter 547: White paper in the study!

"Clang!" The heavy stone gate opened slowly, but at this moment, a strange force burst out from the snake spirit's body, and the next moment, it was suddenly sucked in by the stone gate!

"Not good!" Xiao Yan drank abruptly, his speed exploded instantly, and flew towards the snake spirit.

"Dad, don't panic, it's your own power." Xiao Yan finally arrived a step late, the snake spirit disappeared directly in front of the three, and then Shanyao spoke slightly.

"The power inside?" Xiao Yan hesitated, staring at Shanyao, who seemed to be extremely mysterious at this time.

"Let's go first." Shanyao did not respond directly to Xiao Yan's question, but spoke slightly.

The next moment, the stone doors slowly opened all of them, revealing the inside.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan was a rather exquisite stone platform. On the stone platform, several platforms appeared. On the round stone table, there was a pot of turbid wine.

"Go." Shanyao opened her mouth slightly, then strode in.

Seeing this, Snake Xing couldn't help but be startled. After all, this is a place where a powerful person sits, otherwise it would be impossible to guard it so tightly.

Following Shanyao's slow advance, Xiao Yan had just stepped into the first step of the mansion manor, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a force suppressing his body, making him very uncomfortable, that feeling seemed to suppress his soul, very depressing.

Several people came to the stone table and looked around.

This is a standard square building. In front of the stone table is the main living room, the refining pharmacy is on the left, the study room is on the right, and the southernmost is where Xiao Yan and the others came in.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"A study room?"

"Refining the pharmacy?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when he saw this. For some reason, there was a faint aura in the pharmacy that fascinated Xiao Yan!

"Let's go to the study first, I have some things to clarify." The three hesitated for a while, and Shanyao said directly.

"Where did the snake spirit go?" Snake Xing asked worriedly.

"She's in the backyard, don't worry, nothing will happen." Shan Yao saw the anxiety of the snake torture and said immediately.

"That's good." After the snake sentence finished, he was relieved.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan agreed. After all, this Shanyao was the last member of the Tianmuyu clan, and some secrets on her body also needed to be clarified. Anyway, since everyone came to this mansion, Xiao Yan was in no hurry.

"One step, two steps..." Several people slowly came to the study.

The word "study room", "Dragon Phoenix and Phoenix Dance", can be seen from the master at first glance, and just staring at this plaque for a while, even Xiao Yan himself felt a sense of dizziness, which is enough to make this plaque extraordinary!

"Creak!" Xiao Yan was in the first place, without hesitation, looked at Shanyao and found that she didn't speak, and then pushed it away with confidence. I don't know why, Xiao Yan always felt that Shanyao and this manor had a little bit of a touch. Wire Contact!

The wooden wooden door of the study was slowly pushed open. This time, no strange force or anything appeared, and some were just dust generated by pushing the wooden door of the study open.

"This study seems to be a few years old." Xiao Yan kept pushing the wooden door open with both hands, then glanced at the many books standing side by side inside, and couldn't help speaking.

The next moment, Shanyao lowered her head slightly, and went in directly under Xiao Yan's hands.

"Come in and have a look." Xiao Yan said, and then Snake Punishment also came in.

As soon as he entered this study, Xiao Yan found that although this study was a few years old, the books were neatly organized and neatly arranged, and the strange thing was that the books in this study did not have any dust?

This is what makes Xiao Yan the most strange!

The study is not big, but the collection of books here is very amazing, there are thousands of kinds, and Xiao Yan can find that these books are books that record some secrets, and the outside world will definitely not have them.

There are ten bookshelves in total, and there is a writing desk next to the bookshelves.

As for Shanyao, she was already holding a yellowed ancient book in both hands and reading it with relish, and then her facial expression kept changing, obviously she knew something.

Xiao Yan didn't pay attention to what book Shanyao was reading. After all, Xiao Yan didn't care too much about this kind of thing, so he just walked slowly and came to the writing desk!

On the writing desk, there are some brushes and inks, and a piece of white paper laid out horizontally.

"What is this?" Xiao Yan opened his mouth slightly, obviously not knowing why a blank piece of paper was placed here?

Just finished speaking, his hands slowly walked away towards the white paper.

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as his hands touched the white paper, a huge soul force attacked from the white paper!

"This blank paper... is weird!" After all, Xiao Yan was also an old man. His eyes were quick and his hands were quick, and his soul power twitched in an instant.

"Try it with your soul power?"

"The soul power contained on this white paper seems to be a bit like an ancient soul carrier." Long Yi suddenly spoke.

"Okay." Xiao Yan was wondering, when Long Yi's voice reminded him.

The next moment, Xiao Yan closed his eyes, and when he opened them again, all the dazzling soul power gathered towards the white paper!

"Shabu Shabu!" With the injection of this huge soul power, Xiao Yan discovered that some words appeared vaguely on the white paper!

"Intensify your efforts!" Seeing this, Long Yi confirmed his thoughts and said.

"Shabu Shabu!" Huge soul power was poured on the white paper, and in just a few breaths, nearly half of Xiao Yan's soul power was mobilized!

"There are words on the white paper You can read it for yourself." After Long Yi finished speaking, he was suddenly thinking about something and kept his mouth shut.

Xiao Yan recovered his soul power, but he saw some handwriting on the white paper that made Xiao Yan feel incredible!

"I don't know that this junior was so lucky to discover the secret of my study."

"Although the whole study has a lot of books, there are very few really useful things."

"At the beginning, because of Immortal Emperor's mistakes, a series of mistakes were made. There are some inheritances of mine in the main living room, but you must defeat someone in the refining pharmacy to enter the living room."

"If someone is fortunate enough to open this blank piece of paper later, and is an alchemist, I believe you will be interested in that thing."

"After all, that's a fourth-grade immortal rank medicinal pill." The writing on the white paper ended here, but the shock revealed between the lines was that even Xiao Yan was slightly startled!

After the third rank of the emperor rank, one can advance to the fourth rank of the immortal rank!

Emperor-level pills and immortal-level pills are not of the same level!

"There is actually an Immortal Rank pill here..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes became extremely hot!

Although the Sanye Xianlan just now is extremely expensive, Xiao Yan is not a person of fate after all. For this kind of Sanye Xianlan who has a chance now, it is only through Xiao Yan's hand to find a suitable person with fate!

But at this time, the fourth-grade immortal-rank medicinal pills were different!

Ask for tickets!