Chapter Vol 2 805: Under the molten lava, the extremely cold land

"Hoohoo!" When the life and death fire beast was so insulted, it immediately roared at Xiao Yan to express its anger, and then red light flashed around its body, obviously preparing to use its real power, because of Xiao Yan's strength , so that the fire beasts of life and death have to be dealt with solemnly!

"Are you really capable..." Xiao Yan saw that the fire beast of life and death was like this, and immediately understood that this guy was ready to move the real chapter, and he didn't stop. Isolating Xiao Yan in this molten creature is like walking on the ground.

"Magma creature!" After a while, the life-and-death fire beast suddenly roared in the sky!

And with the astonishing cries of the fire beasts of life and death, the world of molten lava and the swamp area suddenly came out.

"What's the sound?" When the people waiting above the swamp area heard the words, a strange flash flashed in their pupils.

"Magma creatures?" Song Yue heard it clearly, and immediately hesitated.

Because Song Yue also went down to the swamp area, and did not find any molten world.

But now the voice was clearly made by the guardian, and Song Yue dared to say that there was absolutely nothing wrong.

"Did you encounter the molten world after you went down?" Qi Haoran couldn't figure this out, so he hesitated and asked Feng Hong.

"There is no molten world."

"When the two of us went down, we were stopped by the guardian, and we didn't even know what the guardian looked like, let alone the world below."

"But under this swampy area, there are indeed some other spaces." Feng Hong paused and said.

With Feng Hong's strength, he naturally felt something when he entered the swamp. If it wasn't for the guardian's obstruction, it would be extremely easy to go down.

"It seems that Xiao Yan will do this, and he still has some evidence." After Qi Haoran finished speaking, his voice suddenly became deep, and he was obviously going to do something.

"Don't go down, now the world is being turned upside down by Xiao Yan. If you go down now, I'm afraid it will be no different from dying." Song Yue stopped Qi Haoran and said, even if it was his strength, he felt a sense of destruction from the bottom of the swamp at this time. like fluctuations.

"You!" When Qi Haoqing saw that Song Yue actually stopped his brother, he was immediately dissatisfied.

"Yes, then wait."

"However, Xiao Yan is such a jerk, let's not fool him like the last time." After Qi Haoran finished speaking, he immediately calmed down.

Hearing Qi Haoran's last words, Song Yue's cheeks ached, but he didn't show it.

But the next moment, Song Yueba's eyes turned to Mu Yingying and the others, and then he said, "Don't worry, Xiao Yan and his teammates are still here. I don't think he is someone who can sell teammates."

After Song Yue finished speaking, he tightly held Hong Qian's hand and continued to stare at the swamp, trying to find something.

After the other powerhouses heard the exclamation, although they didn't know what it was, an extremely terrifying force in the voice made them tremble slightly, so they didn't dare to act rashly.

"Miss, what kind of fluctuation is this?" Xiaobi said to her master.

"This should have been sent out by Xiao Yan and the guardian during the battle, but I didn't expect Xiao Yan's strength to be so powerful." Xingtaki shook his head and said.

According to her master's observation of the sky at night, it is said that there will be a catastrophe in Xuantian San, and the initiator of this disaster is said to be a young strong man with holy flame. As for how to end it, his master has not dispersed him.

After a commotion, the people above the swamp area calmed down, but at this time, it was inextricable in the molten world.

"Boom boom boom!" Molten creatures continued to emerge from the molten slurry, and then attacked Xiao Yan with a self-destruction test, which made Xiao Yan a little bit struggling. After all, the strength of these molten creatures was basically seven-star fighting Emperor, one is fine, if there are more, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will be extremely difficult to deal with.

"How can this life-and-death fire beast control so many molten creatures?" Xiao Yan thought while dealing with the molten creatures.

The lava creatures in front of Xiao Yan have different shapes, but there is no doubt that the strength of each lava creature is extremely terrifying. In addition, they all attack by self-destruction, which makes Xiao Yan feel a while.

"Hahaha, human."

"If you hide like this, you will be consumed by me sooner or later!" The Fire Beast of Life and Death immediately laughed as it watched the molten creatures summoned by itself chase it up and down.

"Don't be too happy too soon!" Xiao Yan seemed to have noticed that every time the molten creature disappeared, if the life and death fire beast wanted to be summoned in Dou, it must swallow a mouthful of magma before it could be summoned in Dou.

"Go!" Xiao Yan threw out two extremely huge waves of flames at Zaidu, attacked the molten creatures, and immediately thought.

"There's something wrong with this melt." After a while, Xiao Yan seemed to have found the problem, and immediately stared at the melt under their feet!

This molten slurry looks extremely hot. Although it is not as terrifying as Sheng Yan, it is no different from Xiao Yan's abnormal fire temperature.

"Red lava..."

"A lava creature that can attack..." Xiao Yan murmured in a low voice, and the next moment, Xiao Yan grabbed a trace of red lava with one hand.

"Why does this melt have a cold smell?" What kind of person is Xiao Yan? His huge perception sensed something wrong with the red melt at a glance, and immediately stared at the black fire beast of life and death.

"Give it to me!"

"Kill him!" Naturally, the fire beast of life and death will not know the secret that Xiao Yan has guessed here, and it is still the same as always summoning the molten creatures and attacking Xiao Yan新ヤ~⑧~1 ~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Fire beast of life and death, what else is there below, take me down to see?" Xiao Yan said directly.

"Below?" The Fire Beast of Life and Death was shocked when he heard Xiao Yan's question, and then stared at Xiao Yan vigilantly.

"It's also a molten world below. If you think about it, I'm afraid you're courting death!" The Fire Beast of Life and Death said disdainfully, but he was extremely shocked in his heart!

Below is the place where the thing is stored, and in that place, I can't stand it for much time.

Besides, that thing is so precious, how could I go down with human beings, if I go down with human beings, it will definitely be taken away by human beings!

"Would you take it or not?" But in the next moment, Xiao Yan didn't have time to talk to the fire beast of life and death, and a khaki-colored holy flame appeared directly all over his body, full of killing intent, staring at the fire beast of life and death.

"How can it be……"

"Holy Flame..." The eyes of the life-and-death fire beast were extremely sharp, and the moment the flame on Xiao Yan's body just appeared, a trembling burst of fear suddenly appeared!

Life and death fire beasts are also fire-type beasts, but they have no resistance to the power of flames. Moreover, life and death fire beasts are clear, and the guy with holy flame is...

"It's extremely cold below, even I won't be able to stay for long."

"I can take you there..."

"But..." There was a treacherous flash in the pupils of the fire beast of life and death, obviously it had some purpose!

Ask for tickets!