Chapter Vol 4 2074: Stumbled into the territory of the wood puppet demon!

The latest website: Inside the Medicine Valley.

It is said to be a valley of medicine, but it is actually an endless vast area. The surrounding area is extremely irregular, and there are bursts of strange auras on it. If you look closely, it is obvious that some monsters remain, even in this area. On the top, a towering huge mountain range emerged.

Obviously this mountain range is the real medicine valley!

On the edge of this area, there are ten mysterious stone pillars entirely cast out of rich ancient power. They stand quietly, as if wrapped by some mysterious power. At that time, these mountain peaks and stone pillars were called Juling Terrace. As for what they are used for, I am afraid that it will be revealed soon.

"Weng buzzing!" The quietness of the quiet plains and the towering mountains did not last long, and a rather harsh sound of breaking wind suddenly emerged from the sky, and suddenly black figures couldn't help but say that they just appeared directly facing the mountains. Scattered all over the place!

Due to the strictness of the Yao family for the grand ceremony, there is no life-saving means for them in Yaogu. Here, everything can only rely on themselves. The refining pharmacist was obliterated due to lack of strength, etc. All of these things are not within the jurisdiction of the Yao family. The first pharmacist in the mainland selected in the Yao family grand ceremony has both civil and military skills, so this is not a family. The general alchemy game, but the real life and death arena, the life and death opportunities, all rely on their own good fortune.

In the altar mountain, countless powerhouses stared at the huge crystal standing in mid-air, and every facet on the crystal reflected the traces of the contestants in the medicine valley. Unless there were some hidden areas, what they did, All of them will be exposed to the eyes of countless powerhouses, and this is also for the fairness and publicity of this competition, so that countless powerhouses are convinced.

However, this approach has its advantages, and naturally it also has disadvantages. Regardless of the life and death of the contestants who enter the Medicine Valley, the elders in their respective sects will not be able to take action, which is still the case for hundreds of grand ceremonies.

Inside the Valley of Medicine.

"What a rich wood attribute and energy of heaven and earth. If I can completely control the wood attribute here, plus my fire attribute, I am afraid that the combat effectiveness will soar." Standing in the sky and looking around, Xiao Yan suddenly smiled. The magnificence of this mountain range is obvious to all, and it is full of energy from heaven and earth. Obviously, it is the place where some precious medicinal materials grow. exist.

"Humph!" The fellow from the ancient race looked at Xiao Yan's appearance and couldn't help snorting coldly. After weighing it, he decided to collect the medicinal materials first. Anyway, there is a month, and some time to clean up Xiao Yan.

"Damn, this evil star... Let's go!" After a while, some alchemists who had just entered the medicine valley looked at Xiao Yan's figure and couldn't help but ran away swearing.

"It seems that due to the influence of the first round, the second round, and the second round, the alchemists who participated in the last round have deliberately avoided me. In addition to the hostility of Shen Hongyanxuan and others, it seems that they can only temporarily avoid them, otherwise With them working together, I will also encounter a lot of trouble."

"Forget it, let's go to the depths of the mountains first. With their intelligence, the depths of the mountains are the most dangerous, and they will definitely not enter rashly before they have collected the medicinal materials, and I can just try to search for the medicinal materials first. After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the explosive technique unfolded, the fiery arrogance surging all over his body, a radian appeared in the sky, and flew directly towards the depths of the mountain range, but he never saw Lingzixi along the way, let him Pretty weird.

In the Medicine Valley Mountains, there are some precious medicinal materials everywhere, and the medicinal materials needed for the quasi-sacred eighth-grade prescription in Xiao Yan’s hands are quite good. Fortunately, this is a real treasure, so it is also a good thing to collect it all. Has no small challenge.

Three days passed in a flash.

"After collecting for three days, I still have a weak understanding of the general situation of the Medicine Valley Mountains, but there are still as many as four kinds of medicinal materials needed to refine this quasi-sacred rank eight medicine prescription."

"Blood-fang demon fruit, Wan Murui..." The next day, Xiao Yan sat safely on a rock and placed the collected medicinal materials and prescriptions in front of him, frowning.

This mountain is indeed a real treasure hidden in the snow of the medicine family. In three days, as many as hundreds of medicinal materials were slowly found by Xiao Yan. Now there are only four medicinal materials left, and these four medicinal materials are all strong. Things such as rare treasures, and Xiao Yan now does not have any information about the medicinal materials, it can only stagnate for a while.

"Weng buzzing!" Just as Xiao Yan was frowning, the ground around the rocks in front of him suddenly trembled. Trees swayed continuously, leaves slowly drifted down, and some stones and dust continued to emerge on the ground. A fierce suffocating aura emerged.

"Oops, I forgot that this place is deep in the mountains. Some powerful monsters are extremely tired of life. They like to encircle their own territory. Now, I am afraid that I have strayed into the territory of some kind of monster." Xiao Yan took the herbs and the prescription, firmly remembered the remaining four herbs, released his soul power, and slowly watched the changes in front of him. At this moment, there was no hope of escaping, so he could only prepare challenge.

"Dong dong dong!" After the blink of an eye, circles of green mist emerged from the depths of the mountain range, the void in the distance became distorted, and a terrifying breath was released, accompanied by a refreshing touch Cool fragrance.

"This is... a wood puppet demon?" Xiao Yan raised his head and saw that in the depths surrounded by fog, an ancient tree in the sky with a height of 100 meters was slowly moving and approaching Xiao Yan. There was an incomparably majestic and violent aura, and the ancient tree had no feet. It was exactly the same as the trees in the mountains, but it moved freely on the ground!

Looking down the ancient tree in the sky, a small creature like a human suddenly stood slowly among the dense branches and leaves of the ancient tree, and a pair of eyes as deep as a stone stared at Xiao Yan!

"Good guy I'm lucky, I just met the wood puppet demon just after entering the medicine valley."

"The wood puppet demon is one of the few terrifying beasts in the Medicine Valley. It has absorbed countless rich wood-type energy, and it has slowly become comparable to some wood-type creatures." Outside the altar mountain, old monster Shen Xi and Yan Yan Old Ancestor Yun said with a slow smile, as if he had reached some consensus.

A creature of this level, relying on Xiao Yan's Qixing Fighting Immortal Consummate strength, might be extremely difficult to deal with, and would become gloating for a while.

"Wood-type creature... It's still too small compared to the wood elves, but the rarity of the five-element elves is comparable to that of holy flames."

"Speaking of which, I haven't seen Xiao Yi for a long time." Xun'er also suddenly thought of something, it seemed that the white and tender little guy beside Xiao Yan had not seen for a long time, but after Shun Qi, it was too late to think about it. Cast your beautiful eyes on the crystal prism.

full book