Chapter Vol 4 1584: Swallow the elixir and cross the heavens!

"Senior Spirit of Acacia Tree asked me to use the power of Acacia to find her after absorbing the Acacia..." After Xiao Yan successfully broke through the late Samsung Dou Xian stage, he hesitated for a while.

With some subtle changes in the power of acacia and soul, Xiao Yan could feel that there seemed to be something special in the acacia tree in front of him, but now it was a choice whether to find the spirit of the acacia tree first or to devour the fighting elixir.

"Forget it, the next time...let's devour the Immortal Fighting Pill first." After a while, Xiao Yan also made a decision.

First swallow the Douxian Pill to raise your power to the early stage of the four-star Douxian, and then immediately go to find the spirit of the Acacia tree to see what the so-called conditions are. After that, it is time for the end of the Acacia tree, and the next moment is probably Zongxian. The door competes and enters the underground courtyard to find the Qidu Yinhun.

With a plan in mind, without hesitation, a beautiful jade bottle slowly emerged between reaching out.

In the jade bottle, a longan-sized medicinal pill slowly emerged, but on the edge of the jade bottle, a trace of dark red lines appeared quietly. Fighting the Immortal Pill, after all, the fighting Immortal Pill has extraordinary energy, even if the elixir's spiritual wisdom is obliterated, if you are not careful, it will probably be escaped by it.

"The elixir of the fifth-grade immortal rank is really extraordinary." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, obviously he was quite enthusiastic about the elixir of the Immortal Fighting Pill.

Immortal rank 5th rank, the ability to refine this level of medicinal pills is at least five-star fighting immortal strength, and now Xiao Yan's pharmacist rank is probably only barely reaching immortal rank 4th rank.

"Boom!" Fighting Immortal Pill just appeared, and suddenly, with instinct, a circle of tyrannical energy ripples erupted from the jade bottle, trying to break through the shackles of the jade bottle and escape from here, but unfortunately, the dark red lines on the edge of the jade bottle It flickered slightly, suppressing it in an instant.

"It seems that the old man is also motivated by selfishness." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing when he saw this Dou Xiandan being so tyrannical.

On the surface, Di Lao gave both himself and Xiao Gui a Fighting Immortal Pill at the same time, but the quality of the two of them was much worse. After all, the Fighting Immortal Pill in Xiao Gui's hands was not so different. Yan's current scene.

"The fire is coming." After a while, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate. He had just swallowed the power of Acacia, and his body was fully absorbed, but the Immortal Fighting Pill is an elixir that contains several precious medicinal materials, so it can neutralize the power of the Acacia fruit, so that the Coupled with the original power of the Fighting Immortal Pill, Xiao Yan can perfectly absorb the power of the Acacia Fruit and the power of the Fighting Immortal Pill, and it will be an easy task to break through the four-star Fighting Immortal.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and circles of khaki flames suddenly emerged, instantly protecting Xiao Yan.

"Douxiandan... Where do you run, come here!" With a cold snort, a bright voice suddenly sounded in this space.

"Hey!" Immediately, when the Dou Xiandan wrapped in dark red lines heard the words, his body shuddered suddenly, and then a terrifying resistance burst out, trying to resist it away. It seemed to be clear that once Xiao Yan succeeded, I am afraid that It is time to fall.

"Bang bang bang!" It's a pity that Xiao Yan didn't give it the chance at all. The tyrannical holy flame swept away directly, and instantly smashed its dark red jade bottle, and the fighting immortal pill was also destroyed by the holy flame. Bunch of packages.

"Weng Om!" Without the suppression of the dark red lines, the Immortal Fighting Pill was reborn, but it was too late to rejoice, and the dazzling holy flames roared away directly at it. This kind of fluctuations made him want to swallow the Immortal Fighting Pill!

"An elixir that has lost its intellect and can only be moved by instinct... Bring it to me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan raised the corner of his mouth and smiled slowly. Go away and try to take the Dou Xian Dan into the palm of your hand.

"Boom!" No matter how tyrannical the Dou Xiandan was, it was weakened by Xiao Yan Shengyan, and then attacked by Xiao Yan in such a way that he was directly held in his hand and unable to move!

"Bang bang bang!" A muffled sound of thunder continued to sound in Xiao Yan's palm, apparently the struggle that erupted when Xiao Yan tried his best to refine the Dou Xian Dan.

"..." After a few breaths, the restlessness on Xiao Yan's palm also became quiet, and the Douxian Pill was slowly melted and decomposed by Xiao Yan.

"Start absorbing!" Xiao Yan just said comfortably after seeing the Dou Xian Pill lose all its vitality. After all, this Dou Xian Pill is of high rank, but it has no intelligence, so in Xiao Yan's hands, it will naturally not be able to make much waves.

"Hoohoo!" Xiao Yan held the Dou Xiandan in his hand, and a wisp of pure energy flowed down the palm of his hand towards Xiao Yan's body and limbs, but this wisp of energy was different from the acacia fruit absorbed before, because The energy of this Immortal Fighting Pill was not only tyrannical, but even neutralized the power of Acacia that Xiao Yan had just absorbed. The two powers neutralized each other, and slowly strange changes occurred in Xiao Yan's body within the sacred flame space.

And Xiao Yan, this sitting and practicing, is a year.

For a year, Xiao Yan has been absorbing the Immortal Dou Pills continuously. Perhaps the previous breakthrough was too strong, or the residual Acacia power of the Acacia Fruit was responsible, so it wasted a lot of time.

One day, when above this pink void, a strange silver-black thundercloud suddenly diffused out, and Xiao Yan's immobile pupils slowly opened.

"The Four-Star Dou Xian Tribulation... is it finally here?" After Shunxi Xiao Yan said in a very deep voice, but under this voice, there was a touch of different from the previous Three-Star Dou Xian. breath!

Four Star Fighting Immortals!

Xiao Yan's current strength has vaguely reached the level of a four-star Dou Xian, but Xiao Yan knows that only by completely defeating Dou Xian's robbery can he be considered a successful breakthrough.

"Bang bang bang!" Above the sky, the silver-black thunderbolt roared like a vicious dog, and faintly one after another silver-black thunderbolt fell down, directly hitting the roots of the acacia tree, such a shocking scene, Xiao Yan was quite shocked, but for a creature like the Acacia tree, which has survived for thousands of years, this kind of attack is insignificant.

"What a tyrannical power of thunder." Seeing this, Xiao Yan frowned.

The soul clone in his body, Xiao Lei, was left to the second elder of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect guarding the crystal vein before Xiao Yan left. Otherwise, this level of thunder could be easily swallowed by Xiao Lei's power, but now there is no Xiao Lei. Lei, I am afraid that Xiao Yan needs to use some means.

"Hey!" At the top of the pink void, the silver-black thunderclouds became more and more dazzling, revealing a very strong unease faintly.

Xiao Yan didn't know the strength of the Dou Immortal Tribulation before, but now he knows that there is one Dou Immortal Tribulation for one star, and two Dou Immortal Tribulation for two-star Dou Immortal Tribulation, and so on.

Now that Xiao Yan is trying to break through the four-star Dou Xian, he has four Dou Xian tribulations!