Chapter 486: The disappearing Xuanling King!

"Boom!" The red Flood Dragon suddenly swallowed the seven-colored swallowing python, and then above the transparent body, the eyes of the seven-colored swallowing python were slightly closed, and a dead silence appeared on the seven-colored swallowing python!

The red Flood Dragon had just swallowed the colorful swallowing python, and the fiery red flames kept gathering away. In just a few breaths, the figure of the colorful swallowing sky became illusory, as if it would disappear at any time!

The red flames kept biting the body of the seven-colored swallowing python, the seven-colored swallowing python did not make any confrontation, and let it bite.

"It's not quite right." Xuan Ling changed his arrogance just now, and suddenly felt a little uneasy.

"Let's die together..." The seven-colored swallowing python was silent for a while, and then a bright seven-colored light ball suddenly appeared in the mouth of the snake!

The seven-color light ball just appeared, and an extremely terrifying energy spread from it!

Feeling like this, this seven-colored light ball should be the last bit of power left by the seven-colored swallowing python!

"Boom boom boom!" The seven-color light ball just emerged, the red flood dragon struggled violently, and a wave of fear suddenly radiated from the Xuanling King!

"You want to pull me too?" King Xuanling snorted coldly, and suddenly cut off the connection with the red Jiaolong, and then Ye Mo and Xuan Ming looked at each other around, the monstrous fighting qi formed a defensive shield in front of the three!

"Boom boom boom!" The seven-color energy light ball suddenly exploded, and the terrifying power of destruction continued to sweep away, but it did not cause much injury to the Xuanling King and the three. After all, the seven-colored swallowing python was already a At the end of the force, the final self-destruction was just to drag the fiery red flood dragon all over the body to die together!

"Have you finally destroyed this remnant soul..." As the last trace of the seven-colored sky-devouring python in front of him dissipated in this world, Xuan Ming spoke slightly bitterly!

In this battle, the three of them seem to have won, but if the remnant soul of the seven-colored swallowing python in front of them is replaced by the main body of the seven-colored swallowing python, the three of them will probably end up alone, but fortunately, what they are dealing with Just a remnant.

"Fortunately, it's just a remnant of a soul." Xuan Ming also said with relief.

It's just that before Xuan Ming took a breath, a ray of light suddenly appeared on the wall of Bai Ze, the temple of Medusa not far away, and shot at Xuanling King and the three!

"Defeat the guardian beast, you can enter the temple..." A majestic voice sounded from the hearts of Xuanling King and the three!

"Shabu Shabu!" In a short instant, the three King Xuanling followed the guidance of the light and merged into the white-colored temple.

After all this was done, the white-colored temple seemed to be quiet again.

"Someone actually entered the temple?" The old snake king showed an incredible look, and then he was even more shocked!

This Medusa Temple does not mean that you can enter by entering!

If there is no communication between the extremely large external forces and the power in the temple, I am afraid that with brute force alone, the strong fighting immortals may not be able to open it!

Moreover, in this Medusa Temple, there have long been rumors that anyone who can enter will either live or die.

Other than that, nothing else!

"Bastard human!" The Snake King scolded a few short words, and the aura on his body suddenly soared. This appearance is obviously absolutely real, and the battle is over!

"Be careful!" The eyes on the side also noticed the dazzling fighting spirit in the Snake King's body like a surging river, and immediately spoke to the people around him.

As soon as the voice fell, the Snake King and Qingmu were fighting each other.

Although the strength of the snake king has reached the nine-star fighting emperor, after all, the strength of the few in front of them is not weak, plus some tyrannical fighting skills and cooperation with each other, there is a vague phenomenon that can drag the snake king!

"Damn it!" Fan Yu, who was on the side, also noticed the disappearance of King Xuanling, but there was nothing unusual in his heart. This time, he came only to enter the Temple of Medusa!

Now, the Xuanling King, Ye Mo and Xuan Ming, the three nine-star Dou Emperor powerhouses have all entered the temple, and their purpose has long been achieved.

"Looks like it's time to retreat, otherwise the nine major tribes of the snake people will arrive, and I'm afraid they won't be able to leave." Fan Yu thought while resisting Meilan's extremely terrifying attack.

"Retreat!" A signal of silver vindictiveness appeared on Fanyu's body, and then it split into several strands, heading for the people of the Xuanling royal family around him!

With the appearance of this information, everyone nodded slightly, and then prepared to launch a blow to cover up their retreat.

"Retreat?"

"What a joke!"

"The blood of the companion spirit snake of this semi-immortal-level powerhouse must be extremely delicious, I..." Xuanmo just wanted to refuse, and a huge message suddenly emerged from Fanyu.

"Alas, it seems that we can only wait for the next time!" Xuan Mo sighed slightly.

Although the green snake in front of him was the time of the first-turn Dou Di, under the strange ghost-like fighting spirit on Xuanmo's body, he was faintly struggling. Killed by the mysterious demon!

"Why did their aura suddenly increase, why is this..." The green snake spoke slightly, and then before he could hesitate, he was attacking with the mysterious demon!

Until this time, the atmosphere of everyone in the Xuanling royal family was skyrocketing, and then the offensive was even more terrifying!

"It seems that the Xuanling royal family is about to retreat..." The three of Solomon spoke slowly, and then a thought suddenly appeared in their hearts.

"This King Xuanling doesn't know why he entered the Medusa clan, but now the strength of their Xuanling royal family is only that of Qin Tian. As for the others, the strongest strength is only the level of the eight-star Dou Emperor Consummation... "

"After this battle, the powerhouse of the Xuanling royal family is out of control. This seems to be our chance!" Liu Quan's face, which was covered by the black cloak, suddenly let out a very strange expression. The laughter, the laughter is extremely eerie, it makes people shudder!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Three sect masters...you mean..." Yang Wei next to Liu Quan seemed to understand something, and then said.

"This time, we will not be busy dealing with the Fenxiang Pavilion. After all, the Xuanling royal family has made a big move this time to die in the lonely desert. In order to enter the Medusa Temple, it seems that this is our chance!" Liu Quanzai said. .

"opportunity?"

"But the Xuanling Royal Family and our Solomon still have a lot of cooperative relations. If we tear our faces at this time, I'm afraid it will not be good for both of us." Song Li thought after thinking.

"The so-called opportunity, the so-called alliance, is just a blank piece of paper. The sect master has been dissatisfied with the Xuanling royal family for many years, but the existence of the Xuanling royal family has not taken action. If we succeed this time, this mysterious The heritage of the Ling royal family will be indifferent, and maybe the sect master will reward you for it." Liu Quan said.

It's just that when Liu Quan spoke about the head of the door and the Xuanling royal family, there was obviously a little more fear in his voice. Obviously, these two are probably the strongest in the entire Solomon and Xuanling royal family!

"Since that's the case... you can give it a try!" Song Li and Yang Wei were shocked when they heard the words, and then there was a fiery glow in their pupils!

If this time is successful, then the status and strength of the two of them will increase by leaps and bounds!

Ask for tickets!