Chapter 396: Queen of Angels, Qing Yuan!

In a place surrounded by clouds, magnificent palaces floating above the white clouds also appeared here.

Most of the palaces are pure white, and the mysterious gas like white clouds under the palace is also perfect and perfectly combined.

At this time, on a road paved with fine cobblestones, two figures are also walking slowly.

One, it was a woman with two pairs of pure white wings. A holy aura emanated from the woman's body, and then a pure white feather sword hung from her waist.

This appearance is obviously to protect the purple woman next to her.

Next to the woman, a woman in purple clothes also appeared. There was a rather soft aura around the woman, which made people feel quite cordial, but at this time, the three pairs of purple wings behind the woman also trembled slightly.

"Your Majesty, there is news from the lower realm that there is a child of light born on the Dou Di Continent." A well-proportioned woman also said to a woman beside her.

Strange to say, it seems that all the people living here have one thing in common.

That is, they all have wings!

And here, there are only women, and I have never seen any men.

The woman who spoke also had two pairs of pure white wings flapping slightly, as if she had long been used to these wings.

As for the woman called Her Majesty, she has three pairs of purple wings!

"Well, I see." The woman also said slowly and calmly, as if there were no fluctuations in her heart.

"Xiao Yan, how are you..." The woman with three pairs of purple wings was clearly Qing Yuan!

The woman who was rescued by Xiao Yan who had just come to Dou Di Continent!

Today's Qing Yuan is also coming to this kingdom of angels and has mastered a lot of power. In this kingdom of angels, he has also entered the ranks of queens!

At this time, Qing Yuan has grown a lot compared to the time Xiao Yan encountered before.

The slightly raised chest on Qing Yuan's chest, the face with a kind smile on his cheeks, and the purple pupils, Qing Yuan at this time is also quite charming, which undoubtedly shows the growth of Qing Yuan.

After all, this kingdom of angels is still in charge of several archangels at this time. As for Qingyuan, it has grown slowly under the protection of the angel family.

After all, even the archangel only has three pairs of white wings!

As for purple, it is the blood of the royal family of the angel family!

Only those with royal bloodline can give birth to such wings!

Purple, it means that Qingyuan will master the resurrection magic in the future!

This divine resurrection technique is enough to be treated with respect by the peak powerhouses!

So now Qing Yuan's status is probably like that of a queen in the whole kingdom of angels!

If it weren't for their lack of strength, I am afraid that several archangels would have already handed over the entire kingdom of angels to Qing Yuan.

But fortunately, Qing Yuan was relieved. After all, if he were to manage the entire kingdom of angels, it would be a headache to think about.

"Yep?"

"Sister Keisha, what did you just say?"

"Doudi Continent?" At the next moment, Qing Yuan suddenly remembered something, his beautiful eyes turned slightly, and then stared at the woman who was beside him just now.

"A Child of Light has appeared in the church above Doudi Continent. After a while, I will also ask the Queen to give you an angel blessing!"

"Therefore, this child of light also has some of our angel's abilities." Kaisha is also saving the road, but her voice has softened. Obviously, although the queen in front of her is left behind in the world, she has no temper or temperament. It is quite good, so it also won the trust of many sisters in their angel kingdom in a short period of time.

"Above the Dou Di Continent?"

"Is it Xiao Yan?" At the next moment, Qing Yuan's little face was also looking forward to it, and then stared at Kaisha.

"Xiao Yan?"

"It's not Xiao Yan, it's called..." The next moment Kaisha was also somewhat puzzled, but Kaisha said no, and when she was about to continue, Qing Yuan interrupted.

"Oh……"

"It's not him..."

"I don't know how he is now..."

"I didn't have time to thank him at the beginning..." The next moment, Qing Yuan also slowly stared into the distance, but his purple pupils also revealed a slight anticipation.

After all, Xiao Yan was also told by the person responsible for attracting Qing Yuan from the Angel Clan when Xiao Yan refined the Guben Peiyuan Pill for her, so Qing Yuan at this time was not just grateful to Xiao Yan.

"Oh, who is our little princess thinking about?" Keisha also joked.

"No no……"

"Sister Keisha, don't make fun of me..." Qing Yuan hurriedly said when he heard the words, but his cheeks were also extremely rosy, obviously he was not good at concealing it at all.

"Sister Keisha, I..."

"Can I go down to the world to see..." The next moment, Qing Yuan bit his lips slightly, as if he had made a decision, and then slowly said to Keisha beside him.

"Go to the world?" Kaisha heard the words, and her eyes were slightly wrinkled, and she was obviously stunned by the sudden thought of the queen in front of her.

"Why are you suddenly going to the world?"

"It's good to live here..." Keisha also said in her heart.

"No, you have the blood of our angel family and royal family, and you can't go down when you don't have the power to protect yourself!" Keisha also directly vetoed.

"How can this be..."

"Sister Keisha, I'll go down one day!"

"How's the day going?" At the next moment, Qing Yuan didn't give up at all, and said to Keisha with a look of anticipation.

"no……"

"Unless you break through Dou Xian!"

"Or six pairs of twelve wings will be born..." The next moment Keisha also said slowly.

"Okay, I see!" Qing Yuan also lowered his voice a little, then said slowly.

"Sister Keisha, let's go, today I also have to hurry up to practice." After Qing Yuan finished speaking, he also walked towards the front.

Ahead, is the cultivation place of the angel family.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan..."

"It was really fortunate that you saved this little princess at the beginning, but thanks to you, it seems that our little princess has some other thoughts about you..." Kaisha also looked at Qing Yuan with high fighting spirit and said in her heart. , Clearly Qing Yuan's actions just now could not escape Kaisha's eyesight, so Kaisha looked at Qing Yuan's appearance. Some things can also be guessed.

"But Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan, people from the Xiao family..."

"But forget it. As long as the little princess grows up, these things will be up to her."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After all, as long as the little princess has mastered the magic of resurrection, I am afraid that the people in the Seven Realms Center will have to respect the little princess..." Kaisha finished planning, and followed.

"Xiao Yan, wait for me!"

"Back then, I was a weak woman who needed your help, but the next time you see me, I will be very powerful!"

"At least it won't be a drag on you..." Qing Yuan also said in his heart.

Ask for tickets!