Chapter Vol 4 1299: negotiate

"Because of some delay on the way, I'm actually late, but Xiao Yan, this kid, whether in terms of strength or talent, is probably beyond the reach of people." City Lord Lei sighed. Obviously, this guy Xiao Yan is hiding too deep, and he can actually Defeat the man in black with one's own strength, this is what Lei City Lord and the others did not expect.

"Let's go, let's go down too." After Duan Tianfeng finished speaking, he went directly to the cliff, where the two shadows looked beautiful against the starry sky.

"Sister Liu Qing, this guy... so strong." Rao Yi Duan Qifei was extremely picky and arrogant. After seeing Xiao Yan directly defeating the man in black just now, he also had a strong feeling for Xiao Yan. Strong fighting spirit.

She Du Qifei is not the eldest young lady like other families. She has been gifted in martial arts since childhood. The tyrannical opponents that Dao Leigu Valley Master found were all defeated by Du Qifei. It can be seen that this guy is not only beautiful, but his strength should not be underestimated.

"Qifei, what a coincidence." The next moment, Liu Qing and Duo Qifei looked at Xiao Yan in the bushes, but naturally they didn't notice Duan Tianfeng and City Lord Lei. After coming behind him, he opened his mouth slightly, and his voice was full of reproach.

"En?" Du Qifei heard the words, but felt that the voice seemed a little familiar, and then turned her head slightly.

"Five... Fifth brother." As soon as he turned his head, as if he had seen a monster, his face became extremely ugly, and he called out reluctantly.

"The third master, Qi Fei is..." And Liu Qing also turned his head slightly, looking at Duan Tianfeng's angry eyes, he couldn't help defending him.

"Liu Qing, you are my honored guest from the Thunder Valley, but Qi Fei can't follow you like this." Duan Tianfeng said with a serious face and righteous words.

"Fifth brother!"

"I beg you, don't tell my father about this!" Duan Qifei was also a clever ghost. Seeing that Duan Tianfeng didn't mean to do anything, he ran over directly. He held Duan Tianfeng's sleeve with his jade hand and swayed from side to side, as if Coquettish in general.

In the past, Du Qifei also escaped from the Thunder Valley of Forging Blades, but every time he was found, he was arrested without saying a word, and this time he found that he escaped, but he didn't do anything, so Du Qifei knew that there was a drama!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You."

"You are the future of our knife-forging Thunder Valley. If you make a mistake, how can we explain it to the big brother?" Du Tianfeng couldn't help saying.

The five stewards of the forging knife Leigu, the chief and deputy chiefs, and one, two, three, and three heads of the family. The five people have an extremely friendly relationship. They are friends of Mo Ni, so they are brothers. Therefore, the three heads of Tianfeng are naturally forged Qi Fei's fifth brother.

"Fifth brother, don't worry."

"I've learned a lot, and I won't be ashamed of our sword-forging Thunder Valley." Du Qifei couldn't help laughing when she saw the fifth brother being so good at talking.

"Shabu Shabu!"

"Master Duan Tianfeng, you guys are a little late this time." Xiao Yan came back from a distance, a fiery red grudge in his hand, surrounding the figure of the man in black.

"How is this guy?" City Lord Lei asked.

"You still have one breath." Xiao Yan smiled.

"You still have to participate in the competition, leave these matters to us." Duan Tianfeng said, and then took the man in black from Xiao Yan's hand, and found that he really still had a breath.

"The distribution map of the Forged Blade Thunder Valley, Thunder Realm, and Lei City has already been spread by him." Xiao Yan said in a low voice.

"It's within the plan." Duan Tianfeng winked at Xiao Yan and said slowly.

"Tsk tsk tsk." Xiao Yan was relieved upon hearing this.

"Fifth brother, this guy is..." Du Qifei, who was beside him, looked at Duan Tianfeng and Xiao Yan like close friends, and couldn't help but wonder.

You must know that her fifth brother, Duan Tianfeng, is usually unsmiling, but now this appearance is really rare.

"Hehe, let me introduce you."

"This is the contestant of this competition, Xiao Yan."

"Don't think that his strength is only a two-star Douxian accident, but behind his back is a pharmacist of the fourth rank of immortal rank, and his combat power is extremely terrifying." Duan Tianfeng said with a smile.

"Immortal-rank fourth-grade pharmacist?" Duan Qifei heard the words, and then began to look at Xiao Yan carefully.

Xiao Yan's age is almost the same as hers. At such an age, he can reach the fourth rank of Immortal Rank Heaven Rank Alchemist, which is enough to show the terrifying strength and talent of this guy, and his future achievements are limitless.

Duan Qifei saw a huge black heavy ruler behind Xiao Yan. The black heavy ruler contained extremely tyrannical oppression, and Xiao Yan's deep eyes and rather handsome face made Duan Qifei slightly surprised. .

"This is the young master of my sword-forging Thunder Valley Master, Du Qifei." Du Tianfeng also introduced with a smile.

"It's actually the young master." Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard the words. He obviously did not expect that this woman was actually the daughter of the master of the Thunder Valley.

I saw Du Qifei's three thousand blue silk hanging down, big watery eyes, white skin that could be broken by blows, and her slender figure, which was quite eye-catching.

"This is Liu Qing, a guest of our knife-forging Thunder Valley." The next moment, Duan Tianfeng introduced.

"He and I...we've known each other for a long time." Liu Qing couldn't help smiling softly when she heard this.

"It's really been a long time." Xiao Wenyan suddenly laughed.

"You guy, you are really lucky." Liu Qing said with a smile.

"At that time, the situation was urgent, there was no way." Xiao Yan scratched his head and said softly.

"The competition for the top 25 will begin in a few days, so you can rest well these few days."

"Qi Fei, Liu Qing, if you want to participate in the competition, then start directly from the second stage." Duan Tianfeng looked at the three young people in front of him and couldn't help saying.

"Thank you fifth brother!" Du Qifei couldn't help being overjoyed when she heard this.

"We still have important things to do. We have to go back first. You should also pay attention." City Lord Lei did not forget to instruct before he left.

"Yes." The three of Xiao Yan also looked at each other and nodded.

As for the men in black from the Soul Clan, the scope of involvement is obviously too wide, so it is more safe to leave it to Forge Blade Lei Gu to deal with it than Xiao Yan's own interrogation.

"Huhu." As soon as the voice fell, Du Tianfeng and City Lord Lei left with the man in black, apparently preparing to interrogate the man in black.

"Let's go too."

"Otherwise, the battle here won't be good if Yu Bo attracts other people." Xiao Yan said.

"Yes." Liu Qing and Duo Qifei nodded slightly, then followed Xiao Yan and went directly back to the mountain where the contestants lived. They found a place at will, and the two girls settled down.

But the people who forged the Thunder Valley did not know that this time the conspiracy was not only of the soul clan and the ghost kingdom, but also the participation of the force of sin. I am afraid that a **** storm is coming soon.