Chapter 415: The Poison Sect from the Wilderness!

"Sun Xiang..." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved slightly. Obviously, although this Sun Xiang was a mid-stage Five-Star Dou Emperor, Xiao Yan also had self-confidence. It seemed that Sun Xiang would not be much of a hindrance to him.

"However, the Sun family still has an eight-star Dou Emperor strongman in charge, which is really terrifying..." Xiao Yan also thought a little.

"Then if Sun Xiang is like this next time, I will definitely goug out his eyes!" Mu Yingying, who was beside him, said a little angrily. Obviously, Sun Xiang staring at her like that made her extremely uncomfortable. Comfortable.

"This should be the old Zhu in the Burning Incense Pavilion, right?" The next moment, Tu Ling also floated his head and said to the old Zhu in front of Xiao Yan and the others.

"Hey, little doll, your eyesight is good." Old Zhu also opened his eyes slightly, then smiled.

Previously, Elder Zhu had always closed his eyes, but the huge soul power and spiritual power had already spread all over the place, so he was very clear about what just happened.

"Tujia Tuling, I have seen Lord Zhu Jin." When Tu Ling heard this, he was also overjoyed, then stood upright and bowed to Zhu Lao 9.

"Nice little guy, if the Tujia has such excellent seedlings as you, it is considered a successor." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

"Little girl, wait for me." When Zhu Lao and Tu Ling were talking, an old man also appeared, and this old man was the master of Tu Ling, Tu Ling.

"Master, you are so slow... I already said that if you don't hurry up, you won't be able to catch up with Xiao Yan to discuss." Tu Ling also grabbed the arm of his master Tu Xing Zhe and said quite coquettishly.

"Your Excellency is here, pay attention to the image!" The earthwalker glared at the earth spirit, and then also said hello to Zhu Lao.

"Ula~" When Tu Ling heard the words, he also made a grimace at his master Tu Xing Zhe, and his appearance was quite funny, which made Xiao Yan and the others burst into laughter.

"It's not too early, let's go in together?" The Soil Walker also opened his mouth and said, obviously it's not good to be at the entrance of this auction hall all the time.

"En." Elder Zhu responded, and when the group of six was about to enter the auction, two women with a rather gloomy aura appeared behind them.

"The aura of these two people seems a little strange... a little bit different from the people in our Xuantian Center." The earthwalker also tightened his expression and said.

Two extremely outstanding women also came towards the entrance of the auction. The two women were slender and wore veils to hide their appearance, but surprisingly, the ankles of the two women were exposed. No shoes were worn at all, and a string of bells were wrapped around the ankles, but when the two walked, the bells did not make any sound.

"Cough cough cough..."

"The vindictiveness on this person seems to be extremely poisonous!" In the next moment, Tu Ling also quietly used his strength and went to investigate the two women, but he was unexpectedly attacked by the green vindictiveness on the two women's bodies. to a trace of backlash.

"The front with the heavy ruler on his back doesn't seem to be easy. The fighting qi in the body is actually suppressing me faintly..." It seems that they noticed what the earth spirit was doing, and the two women also appeared on their bodies at the same time. Dou Qi, and then one of the women also questioned Xiao Yan.

"That should be a person from the Poison Sect in the wild land east of Xuantiantian." Elder Zhu, who has always been taciturn, also said.

"Poison Sect?"

"Evil poisonous body?" Xiao Yan was also shocked when he heard this!

When I just came to this Dou Di Continent, the first woman I met, Qing Yuan, Qing Yuan also told me that there is such a terrifying sect on this Xuanling Continent, the Poison Sect, its sect It is a person with a poisonous body!

The Little Doctor Immortal on the Dou Qi Continent doesn't know how to get it... Or that woman named Qing Yuan is still fine...

"Poison Sect?"

"The Sect Master of the Poison Sect is a ruthless man!"

"However, the Poison Sect has long since retired to the barren land for hundreds of years. Regardless of the major event of Xuan Santian, it is really strange that he will come to participate in the auction of the Xuanling royal family..." The soil traveler also touched With his long beard.

"No wonder the vindictiveness on their bodies is extremely poisonous..." At this time, the earth spirit, because of the rash test just now, also caused the poison gas to enter the body, and the complexion turned pale.

"Take it, it's nothing to get involved in." Xiao Yan also gave Tu Ling a helpless glance, then took out an elixir from Najie in his hand, and slowly handed it to Tu Ling.

Tu Ling also took it directly, without hesitation, he swallowed it directly.

With the swallowing of this medicinal pill, Tu Ling's complexion also improved instantly, and the displeasure of the poison gas entering his body disappeared without a trace.

Xiao Yan's medicinal pills were left behind when he treated the little medical immortals, so for the people of this poison sect, it also has a very strong effect of removing toxins.

"Please don't try, Your Excellency, we are acting on orders." The green vindictiveness of the two women slowly emerged, and the next moment, the vindictiveness outside the body also disappeared, but the two were facing Xiao Yan and the others. At the same time, he spoke.

"Hehe, all the people from the Poison Sect have come from afar. As the Tujia, we naturally want to have a little bit of the friendship of the landlords. It was just a little misunderstanding." The earthwalker also stood up and laughed, and then rolled his eyes at the earth spirit beside him. , This little girl is really a troublemaker, she can cause trouble wherever she goes.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Do you know that we are members of the Poison Sect?" Among the two women, one woman was also full of unbelievable words.

"The Poison Sect's poisonous fighting qi is the best in the world. I'm afraid there are not many people who don't know each other in the entire Xuansan three days." The earthwalker also said.

"Tujia?" One of the two women also murmured.

"Senior sister, let me do my business first Another woman also said.

"Yep."

"Everyone, we have other things on us, so let's go first." After the woman finished speaking, she also dragged the woman next to her and entered the auction room directly.

It's just that when the two women were about to enter the auction, they turned to look at Xiao Yan, and they were obviously interested in this person.

"Senior sister, what's wrong?" The woman next to her also asked slightly.

"It's alright, it's just that I suddenly felt that the man with the heavy ruler had an uncomplicated aura." Another woman also said.

After the two finished speaking, they also disappeared at the entrance.

"It seems that this Poison Sect has discovered something... When I deal with the matter of the Perfect Dusha Clan, I really should go and take a look. After all, the relationship between our Fenxiang Pavilion and Poison Sect was quite friendly at the beginning. Zong disappeared." Zhu Lao also said slowly in his heart.

"This auction is probably the most prosperous for the Xuanling royal family in the past 100 years. I can't believe that the poisonous sect is so powerful."

"Let's go, a few little fellows, let's open your eyes and see what an auction is prosperous." Elder Zhu also said with a smile, and then led a few people towards the auction.

"Let's go too."

"This auction is mainly to give you rich eyesight. As for the auction, it is time to adapt accordingly." After the earthwalker finished speaking, he also walked in directly with the earth spirit.