Chapter 406: Xuanling Royal Family 3 Prince Xuanmu! 4 Prince Xuanshan!

"Oh?" The old man in the booth heard the words, and his eyes became hot.

To put it bluntly, the ghost-repelling spirit liquid in his hand is extremely powerful against ghosts, but for those who don’t know how to use it, it is undoubtedly scrap metal, so normally, as long as he can shoot two million, the old man will not be at all. Hesitant to sell.

It's just that at this time, three waves of people have been attracted, so the old man will definitely not let go of this time to raise the price.

"How about five million?" Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying also slowly came to Mu Feng's side, and then said.

"I will pay six million." The young man also said slowly,

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As soon as the young man finished speaking, he found Mu Yingying beside Xiao Yan.

At this moment, Mu Yingying's slender eyelashes kept flashing, and with the addition of 3,000 hair strands falling down her skirt, an elegant atmosphere was also revealed.

"How could there be such a woman in this world..." The young man also slowly said in his heart.

"Humph!" Mu Yingying's current strength in the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor also noticed some of the man's fiery eyes staring at her, and she immediately snorted slightly dissatisfied.

"Seven million." Xiao Yan also said lightly.

"Xiao Yan, I don't have so many gold coins on me..." Seeing that Xiao Yan continued to fight with this man, Mu Feng immediately became anxious.

"Don't worry, there is me." Xiao Yan also put his palm on Mu Feng's body and said.

"Haha, since that's the case, then this ghost exorcism spirit liquid is not going to compete with the others." The young man also laughed.

"Can we settle the bill now?" Xiao Yan also turned his head when he heard the words, then stared at the old stall owner and said.

"It's easy to talk about." The old stall owner finished speaking, and he also exchanged the gold coins with Xiao Yan, and then Xiao Yan threw the ghost-repelling spirit liquid directly to Mu Feng.

"I'll give you the rest of the money later." Mu Feng also accepted it without any hesitation, and said.

"Some people, you just have to be careful. They don't look suave. Maybe there is a beast with a good skin behind their back." Xiao Yan also said slowly, without hesitation after speaking, and then the three of them He also slowly left here and walked around.

With his excellent soul power, Xiao Yan also discovered that the young man just now had tried to detect Mu Yingying no less than dozens of times, but was blocked by Xiao Yan. Yingying said.

"Damn it!" As the three disappeared, the young man snorted coldly.

The cold snort fell, and a slightly weaker flame also appeared between his eyebrows, which was fleeting.

"Report the prince, the **** is late, please calm down!" The man's voice just fell, and a man wearing armor, silver-black armor covered his body, a well-trained man also appeared, and then knelt down on one knee, He put his hands together and said to the young man.

"Get up."

"But the woman just now seemed to have a feeling that the flames in my body were quite moved. I don't know why..."

"And this woman's beauty is enough to be called the best." After the young man finished speaking, he walked slowly away.

"My subordinate understands."

"The auction starts tomorrow, I'll act tonight." The figure in armor nodded knowingly.

"Don't leave the handle behind." The young man also said slowly.

After the two finished speaking, they also left.

"Hey, interesting and interesting, one is Xuanmu, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family, and the other is someone who masters the art of exorcising ghosts. It's really interesting." As the young man and Xiao Yan left home, the road to On the top, there was also a man who looked quite embarrassed.

The tattered clothes on the man's body, if he didn't check carefully, might be like a beggar, but at this time, a faint wave was also emitted from the tattered beggar.

"Old Zhuo, this time I went to the desert area, and I hope I can help you." The old man in tattered clothes followed a handsome looking man. His masculinity was majestic, and an aura of wealth and honor permeated the air.

"I said Xuanshan, you are a dignified fourth prince of the Xuanling royal family, leaving the palace compound away, why are you going to those dangerous places abruptly..." The old man's eyes were also constantly swimming, and then Looking around for the figures of Xuanmu and Xiao Yan, the third prince of the Xuanling royal family just now.

"Old man, most of the royal family are flowers in the greenhouse, or the outside world is wonderful." The man who was called Xuanshan by the tattered figure in front of him also said respectfully.

"Hehe, you really don't take the usual path, this kid."

"But you're right. Among your Xuanling royal family, it's too quiet. If you have a chance, you should go to the outside world to see." Lao Lao also laughed.

This turbid old man, but now the deputy head of the Wolf Eagle Corps, has reached the level of an eight-star Dou Emperor!

He is also the master of the fourth prince of the Xuanling royal family!

It's just that in the entire Xuanling royal family, only this fourth prince is the strangest. Although his cultivation talent is amazing, he has liked to explore some deep mountains and old forests since he was a child, which is different from other pampered princes.

"Teacher..." Xuanshan also said softly.

"I don't know why, but the three of them seem familiar..." Lao Lao shook his head and didn't continue.

"But just now, I saw some unpleasant conflicts between your third brother's group." Elder Zhuo also said.

"Third brother..." Hearing the words, Xuanshan muttered, and his eyes softened a little.

Their entire Xuanling royal family has a total of nine princes, but most of them are illiterate, motivated people, and they are the only current prince and his three elder brothers, so now the Xuanling royal family is the only one Among them, apart from the current crown prince, there are only the second prince Xuanwu, the third prince Xuanmu, and his fourth prince Xuanshan.

Among these three, the second prince Xuanwu is a martial idiot. He is obsessed with practicing fighting skills and constantly improving his strength The fourth prince Xuanshan is also very curious since childhood and does not like the constraints of the palace. Love the time outside.

Therefore, only the third prince, Xuanmu, was left, and there was some vague intention to show that these three princes seemed to want to compete with the current prince for the crown prince, but most of them were rumors, and there was very little evidence.

But one thing is certain, the three princes, Xuanmu, are extremely low-key, and there are no rumors at all.

"Where did you get the information from?" Lao Lao also said.

"The recruitment from the Blood Blade Mercenary Group." Xuanshan also said slowly, his eyes were full of fiery heat, because this desert area is known as the dead zone!

So at this time, Xuanshan was also extremely looking forward to it.

"Blood Blade Mercenary Corps..."

"Remember that their head is also a 7-star Dou Emperor consummation level figure. The strength of this mercenary group is extremely terrifying, but it is extremely unfriendly to your Xuanling royal family."

"When I arrange for the army, it shouldn't be difficult for the two of us to mix in at once." Lao Lao also said slowly.

"Thank you, master!" Xuanshan was also overjoyed when he heard this.

"Let's go, let's go back first. Tomorrow is the opening day of the auction. I believe this auction will be very lively." After the old man finished speaking, he also left the medicine market.

Ask for tickets!

Three shifts today and five shifts tomorrow!

The last explosion before the internship!