Chapter 609: Night talk!

"I can't say that. After all, Fen Jue, even our Shengyan, has only heard of it, but few people have practiced it."

"However, I vaguely remember that there are some vague records on Fen Jue, which should be able to accommodate a variety of holy flames at the same time." Xinyan hesitated.

"How did you know about Fen Jue?" Xiao Yan looked at Xinyan with some vigilance. Few people knew about Fen Jue's secret, so how could Xinyan know about it.

"Hey, this thing is dormant in my memory, and I only vaguely remember some." Xinyan smiled.

"Sleep?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"Your strength and memory are incomplete due to the suppression of your strength. Only after your strength reaches the Nine Star Dou Di can you truly exert my strength!"

"At that time, as soon as the Holy Flame comes out, who will compete with him!" Xinyan said rather domineeringly.

"So that's the case..." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"By the way, from now on, I will not appear at will, and I will not be able to help you in battle, and the power of holy flame in your body will be used less. After all, your current strength is too weak..."

"As for the blood demon gold energy in your body, I will help you suppress it. I'm afraid it will take up to three years. It must be solved, otherwise the scourge will continue." Xinyan said.

"En." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Someone is here, by the way, don't tell her what we just talked about!" The next moment, Xinyan swept into Xiao Yan's body and disappeared.

"Dong dong dong." A soft knock sounded on the door.

"Come on." Xiao Yan slightly tidied up his room, then walked to open the door.

"Why are you?" As soon as the door was opened, Mu Yingying's slender body appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"I have something to talk to you about." Mu Yingying looked around and found that there was no one around, and said.

"Come in, it's cold outside."

"En." As the door closed gently, the night of the dark and windy moon resumed.

"If you have something, tell me." Seeing Mu Yingying sitting down, Xiao Yan immediately poured a cup of tea.

"Actually, it's not that difficult, I just want you to help me with one thing." Mu Yingying was a little hard to say, and at first glance, she knew that she had never asked anyone.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan felt friendly towards Mu Yingying, after all, they were from the same family, and Mu Yingying was a good person, so it was worth getting along with.

"I need to cross the robbery!"

"Six Star Dou Di Tribulation." The plain voice gave Xiao Yan a blow to the head.

"what?"

"Are you crazy?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

Although Xiao Yan's strength skyrocketed to the late six-star Dou Di after devouring Sheng Yan, the Dou Emperor Tribulation did not appear, but even so, Xiao Yan knew from other people the horror of this Dou Emperor Tribulation. A careless, instant fall!

"I'm not crazy, I need strength." Mu Yingying gritted her teeth and said firmly, with a rare heaviness in her voice.

"No, your five-star Dou Emperor Consummation has just stabilized. If you forcibly cross the Dou Emperor Tribulation now, I'm afraid it will only end in failure." Xiao Yan refused to show Mu Yingying any sympathy at all.

"Have you forgotten that we have the mysterious power of the Xuanling Emperor Pond in our bodies?" Mu Yingying's tone softened and she said to Xiao Yan.

"That doesn't work either. I'm not sure about that kind of thing. If one accidentally fails, it will have a great impact on your foundation. It's too dangerous." Xiao Yan shook his head, but still refused.

"I'm here this time to ask you to help me...because I've never asked anyone other than my brother." Mu Yingying's voice was a little hoarse, but she said very stubbornly.

"Forcibly crossing the calamity like this will only bring yourself to the point of no redemption." Xiao Yan was obviously a little angry, what exactly is Mu Yingying making trouble with.

"I have to survive the calamity, I can't wait." Mu Yingying said firmly.

"No, no!" Xiao Yan directly threw the teacup in his hand and said angrily.

"Three days later, Houshan." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, ignoring Xiao Yan, she slowly raised the teacup with her jade hand and drank all the tea in it.

"Tea is delicious." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she passed Xiao Yan and left.

"Damn, what the **** is Mu Yingying doing!"

"Aren't you afraid of death by forcing a breakthrough like this?" Xiao Yan was speechless.

"I see that Mu Yingying has a lot of secrets..."

"And I can see that she also has a little interest in you, why don't you try it?" Mu Yingying just left, that Xinyan said slowly in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Okay, don't interrupt, what the **** is this Mu Yingying doing?" Xiao Yan looked at the figure of Mu Yingying who was leaving, but felt that the holy flame he swallowed was somewhat afraid.

"The holy flame on this woman should be higher than yours. Although I don't know what she wants to do, she is right. She can indeed overcome the calamity now, and the success rate is quite high." Xinyan's voice Xiao Yan slowly resounded in his heart.

"Just because of the holy flame..." Xiao Yan also noticed it and said immediately.

"It is estimated that because this Fire Heart Tianyan has some resonance with the holy flame in her body, her strength cannot be suppressed without breaking through." Xinyan said.

"So it's very likely that she was in the first situation just now?" Xiao Yan asked.

"I'm not sure, but the first possibility is high, but I can't rule out the second possibility." Xinyan said.

"..." Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly.

"You'd better take a look at the situation in your body first. You can only master the skin of this holy flame. Taking advantage of this time to master the holy flame space, it will definitely increase your increase." Xinyan said strangely Holy Flame Space? "

"Wouldn't the use of the holy flame space expose the fact that I have holy flames?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled by this Xinyan's words.

"The Holy Flame Space exists in a similar domain, and ordinary people may not find out that this is the Holy Flame Space. At most, they think that the domain is just a prototype."

"Otherwise, do you think that we, Sheng Yan, can be called the King of Flames for nothing?" Xinyan said to Xiao Yan with some disdain.

"Okay!" Hearing this, Xiao Yan immediately felt at ease, then sat cross-legged, carefully feeling the power of the holy flame and the holy flame space in his body!

As for the flame beasts and holy flame crystals in the Dou Qi Sea, the core inscriptions of life in the spirit sea are slowly standing.

"My current strength is already in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. With the addition of holy flame and soul power, as a second-grade emperor alchemist, I am afraid that I can deal with some seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouses." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, if He looked into the distance thoughtfully.

"Cai Lin, I didn't expect you to come to this Dou Di Continent with such a rapid improvement in your strength that you actually reached the level of Dou Xian. Although I believe that the strength of Dou Xian must have paid a price, as long as you have something to do, I, Xiao Yan, will be the first. Do it!"

"My Xiao Yan's woman, but no one dares to be presumptuous!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a huge aura surged out instantly, and then slowly reverberated in the house.

"Hey, this kid actually practices Fen Jue, I really don't know if it's a blessing or a curse..."

"I think that the strong man who practiced Fen Jue in the past was also defeated in the hands of the evil tribe outside the realm..." Xiao Yan's body made a deep voice, and then quieted down. In the entire wooden house, only Xiao Yan was working hard to control it. own power! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: