Chapter Vol 4 2242: Bodhi Tribulation Forest, Liaochen Temple!

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi stepped into the void to the Buddha realm, but Li Tianxiao parted ways with the two, even though the destination was also the Buddha realm.

"Tear it off!"

Within a day, Xiao Yan and the two also arrived at the Buddha Realm peacefully.

When he first entered the Buddhist realm, everything in his sight became completely different.

The territory of the Buddhist world is mostly composed of towering mountains, beautiful deep mountains, and valleys, among which the secluded monasteries are typical representatives of the Buddhist world.

The towering Buddha statues in the temple are refreshing. In the Buddhist realm, one after another comes from the redemption and rebirth of the soul. There is no hustle and bustle in the world, and there is the sound of chanting chanting incense. .

"Second brother, let's take a look at the information scroll first."

Above the corner of the mountains, Xiao Yi couldn't help but speak.

Ghosts know why these Buddhist monasteries always choose their residences in deep mountains and old forests?

Countless confinements were set up along the way, so that people could only walk on foot in the most primitive way. Once they were in the air, the sound of the ancient chanting merits reverberated in their minds, causing the fighting spirit in their bodies to shake violently.

"Where is the caster, Master Chen is in the Liaochen Temple!"

"It is said that this Master Chen is withdrawn by nature, and no one has ever been able to ask for help successfully."

"The temple is stationed in a deep place called the Bodhi Tribulation Forest under the Buddha Realm. It is rumored that the Bodhi Tribulation Forest is the residence of eminent monks who have transcended the calamity. In the mountains and forests, there are faintly morning bells and twilight drums, and endless mysterious ancient scriptures are rippling. Let people's hearts stay away from the hustle and bustle, and get the sublimation of body, mind and even soul!"

Gently using his soul power to open the information scroll, some ancient words emerged, which deeply stabbed Xiao Yan's nerves. It is obvious that the strong person who made this kind of information scroll has more terrifying soul power than Xiao Yan!

"The Bodhi Kalpa Forest?"

"I don't know if it can help me enter the real reincarnation."

"And this time, it's urgent to repair the magic weapon."

Xiao Yan looked up and saw that the profound soul force actually passed through the obstacles of the mountains. He could vaguely see in the depths of the robbery forest, a quiet monastery stood in it, cigarettes lingered all over his body, obviously the incense was extremely strong, and the surrounding forests were lush with green bamboos. Surrounded by mystery!

"Let's go, the destination is just ahead."

"However, the deep mountain structure here is extremely mysterious, and some obscure ancient formations are actually formed invisibly, is it an illusion?"

As soon as they finished speaking, the two of them also walked towards the deep mountain. Unfortunately, because of the remote location of this temple, no one could be seen along the way?

Although it is impossible to break through the void, for the two reincarnation powerhouses, the seemingly long distance is only a few hours' journey.

In the depths of the Bodhi Tribulation Forest, the Liaochen Temple stands quietly in it.

At this time, in the main hall of the temple, golden Buddha lights flickered slightly, and in front of the Buddha statue, a monk appeared here.

The monk is dressed in a blue robe, and there is no fluctuation of strength on his body. His eyes are slightly closed, and a string of beads engraved with countless hidden lines is pinched on his palm. While praying, it seems to be waiting for something.

"Wong buzzing!"

In the main hall of the temple, the Buddha statue in the center suddenly released an extremely vast Buddha light, shrouding the entire temple.

"The dust is gone, the dust is old, let's convert to Buddhism as soon as possible."

The Buddha's voice whispered, but it resounded through the whole world like the gods and Buddhas of the gods, causing the countless noisy air to freeze. That kind of terrifying coercion was incomparable to the power of heaven and earth!

"My Buddha is merciful, how can I dare to enter the Buddha?"

"The past lives are reincarnated, this time the old man has to wait."

At this moment, the monk suddenly opened his eyes, squeezed the beads tightly, and a tone full of vicissitudes emerged like a vast star.

"Master Lichen, someone is visiting."

The next moment, a little Buddhist came in, folded his hands and prayed, and said, it is clear that this temple is so prosperous, and it is maintained by several little Buddhists.

"Take me there."

The monk stood up and said, as if something had been decided.

"They are already waiting in the back room, please move the master."

After a conversation, the two walked towards the rear together.

"Second brother, the Buddhist temple here always makes me feel uneasy."

Xiao Yi sat on the wooden table and gently twisted her lips. For some unknown reason, in addition to the ancient Zen sounds, there were also some extremely strange auras here.

"Squeak." With a sound, the closed wooden door was gently pushed open.

"Master Lichen."

Xiao Yan stood up first, and then said with a smile, the aura of the monk's body was nothing but a master.

According to the records on the intelligence scroll, before this Master Liaochen became a monk, he was a top-notch caster who was hidden from the world, but he didn't know why he chose to become a monk and convert to Buddhism.

"Donor, I know your purpose, but let me ask you?"

"What is Buddha?"

Master Liao Chen stared at Xiao Yan, this guy didn't have any grudge in his body, but it made Xiao Yan feel awkward.

"I am now in Buddhism, how many gods and Buddhas are there?"

Master Liaochen did not face Xiao Yan's question directly, but instead asked.

"There are countless gods and Buddhas in the vast world, and there are many devil Buddhas in the devil world, devil Buddhas."

"The so-called Buddha, as long as the enlightened monk who has obtained the supreme Buddha Dharma, he can become a Buddha on the spot."

"Buddhist gods and Buddhas, in the current records, the two gods and Buddhas, Sakyamuni Buddha and the Ancient Buddha of Burning Lamp, are the most powerful ones."

Xiao Yan nodded, obviously some things about Buddhism have been known a lot under Xiao Yi's explanation.

"Buddhism has a dharma body, a dharma image, and the body and image are unified, so that they are supreme gods and Buddhas."

Master Chen explained.

"Master Lichen, to be honest, we came here on this trip to restore the magic weapon, and we hope that the master will complete it."

Xiao Yan looked at Grandmaster's slightly appreciative expression, and hurriedly said.

"Take the things out."

"Gulu... this is it?"

When Xiao Yan handed over the ancient ruler that he was carrying behind him Master Lichen's always calm eyes had a hint of vicissitudes of life, and a trace of mist filled it.

"Master Lu Chen, do you know this thing?"

"Or has something to do with the Holy King?"

Seeing Master Chen's attitude like this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but click his tongue secretly, and immediately guessed.

"I didn't expect you to actually get it."

"It really belongs to my Buddha's compassion."

Master Liaochen couldn't put it down, his palm tightly squeezed the ancient ruler, and the seven holy pattern holes in it actually trembled slightly under the touch of his old palm.

"The old man has been a monk for thousands of years, and he has long since stopped asking about world affairs, but since you are an old friend, let's make an exception this time."

Master Chen nodded with satisfaction and smiled.

"That's great, this junior thanked the Master for his kindness again!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little happy when he heard this. It seemed that a Master Liaochen recognized the ancient ruler and had a good relationship with the Holy King, otherwise this trip would definitely not be so easy.

"It's not easy to repair the magic weapon... But the donor can't be too happy, because there is a very important thing missing in repairing this thing."

Just after Xiao Yan felt that things had taken a turn for the better, Master Lu Chen suddenly spoke up, as if he was still unfulfilled.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: