Chapter 345: Suddenly angry Yu Xuan!

"Shabu Shabu!" The nine-pattern goldfish and the fish source stone continuously exuded enormous power, and then their power was slowly injected into the figure in front of them.

Xiao Yan was not surprised by this either. After all, this was the most powerful person in the Tianmuyu clan, so he just sat down with his legs crossed and waited.

The light of the nine-pattern goldfish and the fish source stone lasted for a cup of tea, and then dimmed.

The figure in front of Xiao Yan also became extremely solid, like a living thing!

However, it is strange to say that since the moment the figure appeared, Xiao Yan only saw the figure for a short time, and the pupils of the figure were exactly the same as those of the fish, and then the figure also closed its pupils, absorbing the nine-striped goldfish and Yuyuan. The power of stone.

"Boom boom boom!" After the nine-pattern goldfish and the fish source stone lost their luster and became dull, the figure in front of him suddenly opened his eyes, and then a terrifying aura instantly filled the passage. .

"Who is the intruder!" A voice with a huge coercion also echoed in the passage, and it didn't go away for a long time.

One was wearing blue clothes, with black hair entrenched, and with a very delicate face, he looked like a scholar!

To be such a refined person made Xiao Yan feel a sense of fear.

"It's really terrifying pressure..." Xiao Yan also thought for a while, then suddenly opened his eyes.

"Junior Xiao Yan, come here to borrow the formation stone." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

The so-called formation stone is naturally the key to opening the Nine Fishes Dragon Formation.

"Are the formation stones..."

"Then defeat me first." The figure also said slowly, and at the same time, an unprecedented terrifying aura also permeated.

The eight-star Dou Di's perfection-level strength is on full display.

"Grandma's, don't wait for such a fool..." Originally Xiao Yan was still staring at the figure in front of him aggressively, but the next moment the figure emanated from the figure was also extremely large...

"Eight-star Dou Di-level powerhouse..." Xiao Yan also looked at the guardian in front of him, and then swallowed hard.

"Haha, are you afraid of this?" Just as Xiao Yan cursed in his heart, the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, rang out slowly.

"Master, don't play with me."

"This is an eight-star powerhouse. Don't you make me no different from sending me to death..."

"At the beginning, I killed the Twin Ghost Emperor because he had less than one ghost qi, and he also had the help of the mysterious power of the Soul Eater Talisman. Otherwise, it would not have been so smooth..." Xiao Yan also raised his hand helplessly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't worry, there is me, just remember to adapt accordingly."

"Although I don't know the battle between the Xuanling royal family and the Tianmuyu clan at the beginning, but thinking about the Tianmuyu clan's hatred for the Xuanling royal family, terror is also deep in the soul..."

"It's inevitable..." The Golden Dragon King Zhong also stood aside, and then slowly stared at the guardian. Although he didn't know why, the Golden Dragon King could always feel a hostile aura from this figure!

"My name is Yuxuan, and I am the last patriarch of the Tianmuyu clan..." The young man in front of him also said slowly.

After Yu Xuan finished speaking, his body was filled with clumps of water, and then the water droplets kept dripping into the passage.

"not good!"

"It can't be like this..." Xiao Yan also found that Yu Xuan's strength was extremely terrifying, and even the residual strength of the fallen body was far from what he could fight against at this time.

The Tianmuyu clan is very suitable for fighting in water or a humid environment. If this Yuxuan makes the entire passage wet, then Xiao Yan's situation is also extremely bad.

"It seems that I can only outsmart it..." Xiao Yan murmured, and then rolled his eyes at his master, the Golden Dragon King, and then milky white flames appeared all over his body.

As Xiao Yan's milky white flames emerged, the damp moisture in the entire passage was instantly evaporated, and even the temperature in the passage rose a lot, but for Xiao Yan, who was attacked by fire, it was not the case. didn't care.

On the other side of Yu Xuan, the moment Xiao Yan's body was covered in milky white flames, his eyes like fish pupils shrank tightly, and then his forehead shook violently, as if thinking of something extremely terrifying, the next moment, With water all over his body, he made a fist with one hand and attacked Xiao Yan!

The strength of the attack is strong, and at the same time, Yu Xuan is also mixed with a very large hostile energy!

"Who are you!"

"who are you!"

"What's your relationship with the Xuanling royal family!"

"Say!"

"otherwise……"

"Death!" Yu Xuan roared frantically while attacking Xiao Yan. Even Xiao Yan felt it for the first time.

Just when Xiao Yan released his milky white flame fighting qi, Yu Xuan experienced a series of changes!

The power of fire!

Still such a terrifying flame power!

This is obviously the same way as the group of people who destroyed their Tianmu fish clan at the beginning!

The flames that group of people used were also terrifying on the spot.

Therefore, Yu Xuan is also extremely angry!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan had just summoned his milky white flame Dou Qi to surround his body when he realized that Yu Xuan was attacking him like he was going crazy. vindictive defense...

The distance between the two was only a few tens of meters, and they could attack Xiao Yan in a few seconds.

"damn it……"

"This should not be able to support Yu Xuan's attack..." Even if Xiao Yan mobilized a large amount of the power of strange fire to defend himself in a short period of time, immediately after feeling that Yu Xuan's attack, he was secretly shaken. Shaking his head The next moment, Xiao Yan's dark brown pupils also flashed a ray of brilliance.

"This Yuxuan is the last patriarch of the Tianmuyu clan, and he doesn't share the hatred of the Fu clan, so this is normal..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly, and then the next moment, he also looked at the two who were fighting. .

"Puff puff!" Yu Xuan's attack came in an instant, hitting Xiao Yan heavily.

I saw Yu Xuan attacking with one hand into Xiao Yan's chest, and Xiao Yan's body instantly filled with blood, and then strangely, there was no trace of blood flowing out.

"People from the Xuanling Royal Family!"

"Death!" Yu Xuan also said angrily, and then his pupils became extremely red, like a wild wolf!

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, Xiao Yan, who was attacked by Yu Xuan, instantly turned into a puff of white smoke and disappeared. In another place, Xiao Yan coughed violently, and then slowly stared at Yu Xuan.

"damn it!"

"This Yu Xuan is insane, he just met with such a deadly hand..." Xiao Yan had just cultivated a avatar using the avatar technique that had been stored in his soul realm.

Although the main body did not suffer any damage, Xiao Yan also felt the seemingly simple attack from Yu Xuan just now. In fact, if it was replaced by Xiao Yan's main body, then there would only be one fate!

Seriously injured!

This eight-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouse is so terrifying!

Ask for tickets!