Chapter Vol 4 935: Sudden Canglonglu?

"Huhu."

"Mu Yingying and the other brothers and sisters left after the sect competition this time, that's fine, otherwise, Mu Yingying may not be able to explain where she is in the future." Xiao Yan left the forbidden area, and then went directly to Wuzhuju.

On weekdays, Xiao Yan, relying on his powerful soul perception, naturally discovered some unusual behaviors of Mu Yingying and Yueru towards him. This kind of behavior is probably due to admiration, but Xiao Yan has always been a cruel person, but When facing the two daughters, he couldn't bear to refuse.

"I didn't expect that Sheng Yan, which is extremely rare to see on weekdays, would encounter so many in Xuan Santian." Xiao Yan said in a while after walking for a while.

Since both Yan Chi and Mu Yingying are cultivators of two holy flames, they also have two holy flames, but they don't know which ones they are.

Even though you don't need to think about it, you know that the two of them are definitely higher than their own, but Xiao Yan is too embarrassed to ask.

Not long after, he slowly came to Wuzhuju, but along the way, Xiao Yan discovered that in the past, the Burning Incense Pavilion, which used to be very lively, could not see any disciples.

"Big brother, are you alright?" Xiao Yi has been in the yard. Anyway, Xiao Yi's cultivation relies on advanced breakthroughs like monsters, so there is nothing to cultivate.

"It's okay, after their sect competition this time, they will return to their own place." Xiao Yan said softly.

"them……"

"It's really two holy flames..." Although Xiao Yi faintly noticed it, she still couldn't believe it.

"Well, after all, everything has a spirit." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"By the way, Xiao Yi, why can't I see that there are no traces of other disciples in the Fenxiang Pavilion, is there something wrong?" Xiao Yan said.

"Big brother, I think you are closed and confused."

"The sect competition is related to the honor of the entire sect. Now many brothers and sisters are in seclusion and cultivation, so naturally they are extremely deserted." Xiao Yi rolled her eyes at Xiao Yan.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words and his head was covered with black lines.

"By the way, eldest brother, when you called me to join you in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family, I found a lot of traces of foreign evil races in the underground palace." Xiao Yi suddenly remembered something and said. .

"Well, I know about this."

"During the sect competition, you have to be careful about the Xuanling Royal Family. I am afraid that this force has already been infiltrated by the evil clan outside the realm." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"It's alright, I'll accompany you to the sect competition this time." Xiao Yi patted Xiao Yan's shoulder and said with a smile.

"You're already a nine-star fighting emperor, no, I have to go to retreat immediately."

"The scroll obtained in the Jiaoyue Ruins has not yet started, and it is also possible to practice the following ruler method at the seventh level." Xiao Yan murmured in his heart.

"However, although the materials for resurrecting ancestor Xiao Xuan have been prepared, there is only one important thing missing." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"What?" Xiao Yi asked.

"Canglonglu." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Canglonglu?"

"This thing can only be found in the dragon race, and I'm afraid it will never be seen in the human world." Xiao Yi said directly after hearing this.

"Ah, I can only see if there is any way to replace it."

"After all, this is the last medicinal herb." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said slowly.

"what……"

"What is this?" Just when Xiao Yan was having a headache for the Canglong, suddenly there was a hint of guidance in the collection ring, and Xiao Yan discovered a rather mysterious bottle in the collection ring. thing.

"I remember that there is no such thing in my collection ring..." With a thought, the jade bottle appeared directly in Xiao Yan's hand.

Xiao Yan held the jade bottle, and through the jade bottle, an extremely terrifying force came faintly from inside.

"Open it and take a look." If you have an idea in your mind, do it.

Xiao Yan used his huge soul power to form a barrier around the two of them, and then Xiao Yan wrapped his palm with his soul power and gently removed the jade bottle.

"Hoohoho!" Just as the stopper of the jade bottle was removed, a loud dragon roar suddenly came from the jade bottle!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Feeling this dragon's roar at such a close distance, not only Xiao Yan, but also Xiao Yina has stepped into the strength of the Nine Star Dou Emperor, the fighting qi in the body is instantly frozen like an ice sculpture, and the soul power is also instantly frozen!

"Hoohoo!"

"What the **** is this?"

"So terrifying?" In just a few short breaths, Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan couldn't take it anymore, but fortunately, Xiao Yan was quick-witted and quickly closed the bottle.

"This is……"

"Canglong saliva."

The next moment, Xiao Yan closed the cork, and a maddened smile filled his face!

"Canglong saliva, what is that?" Xiao Yi also felt a force that scared her from the extremely thick liquid in the jade bottle, and asked immediately.

"The evolved version of Canglonglu, Canglongxi."

"It is said that this thing can only be born with the pure blood of the real dragon family. The tempering materials used to make the body are the best." A flash of expression flashed in Xiao Yan's pupils.

"No, I clearly remember that I don't have this thing!"

"Uncle Shi!" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly thought of something, and then his soul power went directly into the ring.

This thing is most likely the product of my uncle, the Golden Dragon King!

"No movement?" After some investigation the golden barrier in the ring was still extremely strong, so Xiao Yan had no choice but to give up.

"Xiao Yi, I'm afraid I'll have to go into deep seclusion for the next six months." Xiao Yan said solemnly, and after speaking, he immediately put away the jade bottle.

"No problem, if it's time for the sect competition, it's a big deal that we won't go." Xiao Yi naturally didn't have much interest in any sect competition, and everything was still dominated by Xiao Yan.

"The sect competition still needs to go, I will try my best to hurry up."

"I'll take a step first." Xiao Yan finished speaking and walked directly to a training room in their Human Palace.

This training room was awarded to Xiao Yan by the Human Palace, and Xiao Yan has never used it.

"The materials are all complete now, and the ancestors have finally been resurrected." Xiao Yan walked towards the training room, but he was extremely happy!

When I was in Dou Qi Continent, I promised Xiao Xuan's ancestor, and Xiao Yan had some secrets in his heart that he needed to ask Xiao Xuan.

Xiao Xuan was the patriarch on the Dou Qi Continent whose blood power had just begun to be interrupted. For this reason, he did not hesitate to gather the power of the entire clan to attack the Dou Emperor in order to delay the blood line. Although he failed, Xiao Yan knew that he must know something!

If Xiao Xuan is resurrected, no doubt some secrets in Xiao Yan's heart may surface!

"It's about to start."

"Hey-hey."

"I'll come out after this little guy revives the Xiao clan." And among Xiao Yan's acceptance of the ring, an old man also said.