Chapter 377: Problems discovered by Mu Yingying's promotion!

"嘁嘁嘁..." The huge suction on Mu Yingying also absorbed all the remaining power of the Dou Di Pill in an instant, and the golden energy in the Xuanling Emperor Pond was getting weaker and weaker, obviously It was also absorbed by Mu Yingying so terribly, and it became more and more rare.

It seemed that she had sensed this fluctuation, and Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes were also slightly wrinkled, and then the blue flame on her forehead also dimmed faintly.

"It seems too reluctant..." Xiao Yan also shook his head. Obviously, even if Mu Yingying absorbed the energy of the Xuanling Emperor Pond and Doudi Pill, it was still a little short of breaking through the middle stage of the Five-Star Doudi.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, Mu Yingying's body suddenly burst out with vindictive energy, and then the seawater of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, which had been soaking Mu Yingying calmly, also shook violently...

At this time, the fighting spirit around Mu Yingying also became disordered, and her face could not help turning pale.

With Xiao Yan's eyesight, it is not difficult to find out, this is a symbol of failure to advance!

Once the promotion fails, it will be seriously injured, and the foundation will be shaken!

"Still refuse to give up..."

"That……"

"I'll give you a helping hand!" Xiao Yan also saw Mu Yingying's intention. Obviously, he wouldn't rest until he broke through the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, and he laughed immediately.

As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan's pupils also exuded a rare scorching heat, and then the burning art in the body turned to the extreme, an extremely huge milky white flame Dou Qi also permeated from Xiao Yan's body!

The next moment, the milky white flame's Dou Qi power also moved towards Mu Yingying not far away! It was continuously injected into Mu Yingying's body.

But what makes Xiao Yan strange is that with the injection of her milky white flame Dou Qi, there seems to be something on Mu Yingying's body, which makes her milky white flame extremely frightened!

This is something that has never happened before. The milky white flame in Xiao Yan’s body is a new flame that fused from twenty-three kinds of different fires. Such a terrifying flame is still afraid of something in Mu Yingying’s body. This made Xiao Yan extremely depressed.

However, Xiao Yan could also vaguely feel that what the milky white flame was afraid of seemed to be the azure flame on Mu Yingying's body!

But at this time, Xiao Yan didn't like to think so much, and the huge fighting qi was constantly gathering towards Mu Yingying. The most urgent task now is to let Mu Yingying break through first.

With the injection of this power, Mu Yingying also became more comfortable, and the pale complexion that had been caused by the disordered power returned to normal.

The next moment, as Xiao Yan's fighting qi continued to be injected, Mu Yingying's whole body was covered with azure flames, then the azure flames were the main body, and Xiao Yan's milky white flame power was used as a counselor, which also directly absorbed Xiao Yan's strength, and then slowed down Slowly transform it into your own power!

"Boom boom boom!" The huge voice also emanated from the sea water around Mu Yingying!

A stock of extremely terrifying fluctuations also occurred spontaneously.

"嘁偁嘁!" One minute passed, and Mu Yingying, who was in the sea, also slowly absorbed the power, reaching the mid-stage strength of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, and then slowly opened her eyes.

Just as Mu Yingying opened her eyes, what came into her eyes was Xiao Yan with a heavy ruler on her back and her back turned to her.

"Xiao Yan?" Mu Yingying also exclaimed.

Obviously, Mu Yingying just wanted to use the remaining Dou Di Dan energy and the power in the Xuanling Emperor Pond to break through the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Di. The power was slowly injected into him, and that power was also the power of flames, which was quite suitable for Mu Yingying, so this Mu Yingying broke through the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor so easily.

On the other hand, in the Xuanling Emperor Pond, there are only Xiao Yan, himself and Mu Feng. Mu Feng's power is definitely not flame attribute, so there is only one possibility.

It was Xiao Yan's shot just now!

At this moment, Mu Yingying opened her eyes, and she was relieved when she saw that it was also Xiao Yan.

Because even Mu Yingying didn't know that Xiao Yan always had more or less dependence. After all, this Xiao Yan killed the twin ghost emperors!

"Success?" Xiao Yan also noticed that Mu Yingying had opened her eyes, and immediately asked.

"Yes." Seeing this, Mu Yingying also responded to Xiao Yan softly.

"Since it's successful..."

"Then it's time to go." Xiao Yan also laughed.

After speaking, he was ready to walk towards the space teleportation formation on the side.

"Wait!" The moment Xiao Yan turned his head, Mu Yingying, whose body was still immersed in the sea, also sneered.

"Well?" Xiao Yan also wondered, not knowing what Mu Yingying wanted to do, today was the last day, and if she didn't go out, she would definitely be rejected by the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

"That..." "You hand me my clothes..." Mu Yingying's face was flushed, and she said very embarrassedly, after all, where Xiao Yan is, is where her clothes are placed, but that's fine. The sea water in the Xuanling Emperor Pond was golden, so Mu Yingying was in the Xuanling Emperor Pond with only one forehead showing, but it was inconvenient to move, and she immediately faced Xiao Yan.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan scratched his head in embarrassment. Then he looked at Mu Yingying's clothes and found that Mu Yingying's clothes were beside him. He immediately activated his Dou Qi, and then wrapped those clothes with Dou Qi, and then slowly controlled the Dou Qi direction. Mu Yingying flew away in the water Mu Yingying nodded gratefully when she saw this, and then raised her jade hand slightly, and above the water surface, a blue flame barrier appeared out of thin air!

Then the next moment, Mu Yingying also gently took away Xiao Yan's Dou Qi-wrapped clothes, and slipped into the azure flame barrier.

"Brumbling!" A series of voices came from the azure flame barrier, Xiao Yan knew without thinking that it must be Mu Yingying wearing clothes, and she immediately waited patiently.

"Okay." A silver bell-like voice also slowly came out of the azure-blue barrier, and the next moment, the azure-blue flame barrier also slowly disappeared, revealing Mu Yingying's figure.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Mu Yingying also tapped water on her toes, and then came to Xiao Yan's side on the isolated island.

"Just now..."

"Thank you." Mu Yingying also moved her lips slightly and said to Xiao Yan.

"It's alright, it's only natural for fellow students to help each other." Xiao Yan also laughed.

"However, this situation can't be repeated again. If you force a breakthrough like this, if you fail, then the impact on you in the future will be no small matter." The next moment, Xiao Yan also became serious, and then said to Mu Yingying, obviously If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's help this time, this Mu Yingying would have been more fortunate.

"I know, I know, why are you so fierce..." Mu Yingying also replied softly.

Ask for tickets!