Chapter Vol 4 1384: The complete rock burial!

"Boom!" The evil shadow of the evil power and Xiao Yan's three hundred zhang fist shadows collided fiercely, and immediately brought a terrifying hot storm.

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" The next moment, the three energy fist shadows continued to retreat, Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, the holy flame crystal in his hand exuded a dazzling flame, and then suddenly opened his mouth.

Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed, he knew that the strength gap between him and Youhuan was too great, even if the Master of Soul Eater used his power to protect himself, if he couldn't use enough power, he would be helpless against Youhuan. , and now, only the power of holy flame!

"What kind of power is this?" No matter how tyrannical Xiao Yan is, a two-star Dou Xian against a four-star Dou Xian is a must. This level of power is extremely rare!

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and suddenly in the dark space, blocks of giant rocks with scorching yellow flames emerged suddenly, and even on the rocks, a touch of special lines was full of them. Suppress the evil Xeon force!

"What is this..." Xiao Yan saw this, and it was the first time he found out that the source technique of the Holy Flame of the Fire Heart Tianyan Holy Flame was so tyrannical.

"In the past, your strength was weak and you couldn't fully utilize the power of Saint Flame, but now your two-star Fighting Immortal is full of strength, coupled with the ability to deal with half-emperor-level evildoers like Youhuan, all the power of Saint Flame has emerged from the underworld, which is sufficient. Let you completely drain its power." The Lord of Soul Eater also smiled gratified at this time, Xiao Yan's rock-shattering burial will not be inferior to the full-strength blow of a three-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

"Shhhhh."

"It's really unexpected... I didn't expect your control of the holy flame to reach such a level. If you let you grow up, I'm afraid it will have an impact on the huge plan of our alien race..."

"so!"

"Fall for me!" You Huan watched Xiao Yan's actions, and couldn't help his voice becoming roaring. A throbbing evil aura continued to squirm from the secluded azure swamp and converged. Gathering above the evil shadow, a destructive aura that makes one feel numb to the scalp fills the entire space.

"The celestial burial of the broken rock, punish the evil!" Feeling that the dazzling holy aura above the holy flame crystal had a fatal restraint on Youhuan, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then his body was full of fighting energy, and tilted out in an instant.

"Crash!" Countless khaki-yellow rocks are constantly gathering in the dark space, and huge holy flames and power are also condensed, ready to compete with the evil shadow!

"Die!" The bright voices of the two suddenly reverberated in the entire space, and the evil shadow and the 1000-foot-sized rock burial burial instantly touched each other.

"Boom!" The evil shadow lizard seemed to have a very tyrannical intelligence, and it swept away at the Shattered Sky Burial, but the dark blue energy on its body was suddenly disintegrated, but the body of the Shattered Sky Burial was also rapidly weakened. write.

"Boom!" A loud, earth-shattering sound continuously emanated from the center of the battle between the two. The khaki flame and the dark blue evil light were fighting extremely fiercely. Two tyrannical forces made this space feel slightly broken.

"Boom!" The dazzling attack easily spread to the entire Thunder Tomb.

"This kind of fluctuation... Could it be the powerhouse of the evil tribe outside the realm?" In the thunder pool, the underworld spirit Lei Jiao continued to resist the attacks of the evil people for the remaining contestants, and immediately noticed that the depths of the thunder tomb exuded such a heart-pounding After the fluctuations, he couldn't help but have a hint of doubt in his eyes, and said.

"My lord, this fluctuation is..." The other powerhouses who were present couldn't help but feel a trace of fear in their hearts when they heard the words. With this level of attack, just a few battles with Yu Bo could easily obliterate them.

"There is Xiao Yan's fluctuation..." Yun Qi's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, penetrated the endless void, and muttered.

"It seems that they have reached the forbidden area of ​​the Lei Tomb. This time, it is up to them whether to live or die." Mingling Lei Jiao said with a slight smile.

"Boom!"

"The fluctuation of this level is not like the emanation of a two-star Dou Xian perfected powerhouse..." Both You Zun and Huan Zun constantly urged their power to try to break the spatial confinement outside the cemetery. Seeing this scene, He couldn't help but speak.

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, the two-color light in the dark space, the khaki flame rock was slowly engulfed by the dark blue evil shadow, and a boundless and huge oppression permeated out.

"You are very strong, but unfortunately your strength is too weak."

"It's all over."

"Don't worry, the holy flame in your body and the little girl inside will also go down to accompany you."

"Susu!" You Huan watched Xiao Yan's attack slowly disappear, and couldn't help but say, a violent aura permeated out.

"Sure enough, the strength gap is too huge." Xiao also shook his head helplessly, but Xiao Yan was not angry. After all, through the oppression of Youhuan this time, he had a better grasp of Huoxin Tianyan, and through the passage of time in the future , will definitely increase its strength.

"Master of the Holy Flame, fall!" The next moment, the ghostly body suddenly became illusory, and then a liquid-like ghostly cyan energy suddenly flowed down from one of its eyes.

"Weng Om!" The dark blue liquid just appeared, and suddenly there was an extremely uneasy trembling in this void. Its power, like a demon from the abyss of hell, is enough to easily obliterate any strong person~www.mtlnovel. com~ is too underestimated by me. "Xiao Yan didn't want to reveal all his means, but at this moment, he had no choice, and his body slowly exuded another extremely huge flame.

"Hey!" And when the two were evenly matched, a deafening thunder sound suddenly came from the cemetery, and the next moment was to break through the blockade of Youzun and Huanzun, and attacked directly at Youhuan. .

"What?" You Zun Huan Zun exclaimed because he was cracking the thunder tomb, and because the thunder power was too fast, he didn't have time to find out what it was.

"I know you still have a lot of secrets..."

"But this is Dongzhou, my hometown... So this time, let me come." Just when Xiao Yan was about to spare no effort, a beautiful figure slowly stood in front of Xiao Yan, slightly slanted. He turned his head and spoke to Xiao Yan.

In Xiao Yan's eyes, it was a man with long silver hair, three thousand blue silk falling down, and a rare smile appeared on his pretty face, but in such a lovely state, in his beautiful hands. Holding a prismatic Thunder Emperor scepter tightly, strands of silver thunder continued to fall off, and then lingered on its delicate body.

At this moment, Du Qifei is like a real thunder goddess, commanding the thunder of heaven and earth, majestic and unrivaled!

...

​​

First set a small goal, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: