Chapter 42: The main hall opens.

"Is there anything in me that deserves their attention?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled.

"It should be your strange fire. Although these living dead are cold and cold, it is not ruled out that they will do strange experiments with strange fires like heaven and earth." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"Forget it, take one step at a time."

One night of silence, three days passed in a blink of an eye.

The seal of the stone gate in front of everyone also weakened at this moment and is about to open!

Outside Shimen was crowded with people, and the three-day boring wait was over.

"Crash!"

The space in front of me is violently distorted. It made a rushing sound like water, and with the spread of this sound, the fluctuations in that space became more and more violent...

"Looking at this momentum, Shimen is about to open." There was no lack of humane with vicious eyes.

"Huh..."

Looking at the energy seal that became more and more illusory under the fluctuations, outside the sea of ​​people, the eyes of countless people quietly glowed red, and even their breathing became much heavier, holding weapons. The palms are also slowly exerting force.

"I don't know what kind of blood and blood there will be in a competition for treasures." Xiao Yan also said with emotion.

Then Xiao Yan looked at the increasingly distorted space with his eyes narrowed. In the strange clattering sound, he felt an extremely terrifying energy fluctuation. This fluctuation was extremely manic, as if being suppressed in The volcano under the earth's crust is like a crazy eruption.

"Crash..."

There was another strange rushing sound. The distorted space suddenly condensed, and then there was only a crisp bang. The distorted space was like a fragile glass, with a pop. burst into countless tiny space debris.

"Come on, the ruins are open!

At the moment when the seal of space burst, there were countless figures around the sea of ​​people, their eyes were immediately red, and there was a low greedy roar from their throats.

With the gradual opening of the stone gate, a desolate and ancient aura slowly drifted out, causing many people to look solemn. For many people, things from the ancient times were quite sacred.

Seeing the opened stone gate, Xiao Yan moved, swept back lightly, and then returned to his previous position. Seeing his actions, many people twitched their mouths and cursed at the treacherous person in their hearts. Boy, Xiao Yan made it clear that he did not want to be the first to enter this mysterious ruin...

The door slowly opened, and the creaking sound gradually ceased. Everyone in the square looked at each other, but no one dared to set foot in it first.

Xiao Yan ignored the silence outside Shimen. He touched Na Jie with his fingers, and the smile on the corner of his mouth was quite bright. He didn't expect that he had just entered the ruins. The Golden Dragon King sensed the dragon demon core.

Outside the Shimen, there will be some strong men from time to time coming from outside, obviously some strong men who discovered the opening of the stone gate, and seeing more and more strong men coming together, those who arrived first The people and the forces couldn't hold it any longer. After a while, someone finally walked into the stone gate slowly and couldn't help it.

The screams were endless.

"Fast back!"

Compared with these sullen people, Xiao Yan's expression changed at the moment when the space exploded. He grabbed Yueru beside him, a little tree trunk at his toes, and his body suddenly retreated. The five major cities beside him. The proud son of Heaven also sensed something was wrong, reacted extremely quickly, and immediately retreated without hesitation.

When Xiao Yan and the others retreated, there were suddenly a lot of figures on the surrounding giant trees, and they were obviously also finding something.

Just as Xiao Yan and the others retreated violently, the shards of the space seal that burst open suddenly stopped, and then only a loud bang was heard. The power of the violent space, like a storm, swept away in all directions, and those who rushed the fastest were the first to bear the brunt, almost in the blink of an eye, were swallowed by the storm. Immediately, shrill screams resounded one after another on the sea of ​​​​fire.

The scum that was swallowed up is not left!

This space seal is so terrifying!

The violent spatial ripples, like harvesting wheat, destroyed all the crowds that were rushing in front of them, leaving no room for them.

On the other hand, some of the powerhouses in the back finally realized that something was wrong, so the crowd that was rushing forward suddenly turned around and fled in embarrassment.

Tens of thousands of figures are constantly moving in series, because if they don't run, they will be waiting for them.

die!

Let them be greedy, and they have to have that life to enjoy, that's why this scene is in front of them.

"Bang!"

Because there was a certain distance, when the space storm spread, it would not cause any harm to Xiao Yan and others. At this time, the few people breathed a sigh of relief, and when their eyes swept away, they saw countless miserable howls. The screaming figure rolled on the ground, and the bright red blood stained a large area of ​​land outside Shimen.

"What a terrifying space seal. After countless years, it can still have such a terrifying impact. It is worthy of being a relic of the peak of the Emperor Dou..."

See the destructive power caused by this space fluctuation.

Surroundingly, a look of shock appeared on the cheeks of the honored sons of the Eight Great Cities and others.

"Let's go... These guys are too impatient and deserve bad luck."

Xiao Yan smiled and waved his palm, and his figure turned into a rainbow glow, swept away at the stone gate. At the same time, many other powerhouses who had also successfully avoided the spatial fluctuations also immediately cast The figure turned into blurred silhouettes and swept into the stone gate.

The emperor's cave has finally opened at this moment.

With the gradual approach, some of the gray fog floating in the stone gate gradually became thinner, and the behemoth finally appeared in the field of vision of Xiao Yan and others.

Stepping into the stone gate and looking around, the deepest part of the stone gate is a great hall, a huge hall nearly a thousand feet huge, almost like a small mountain peak. The soul hall branch hall has become abnormally small. Looking up at this gigantic creature standing between heaven and earth, a sense of insignificance arises spontaneously.

"Then the so-called Great Fortune should be where?" The people present also understood.

The whole body of the giant hall was red, and from a distance, it seemed like a flame was rising. In this gray-white space, it was extremely dazzling.

The surrounding powerhouses were also a little lost because of the large scale of the crimson giant hall. After a while, they came back to their senses and looked at each other with shocking expressions in their eyes, worthy of being the emperor level. Left by the strong, such handwriting is indeed majestic and atmospheric.

"Chichi!"

One after another, the figures gradually slowed down, and then stopped a few hundred meters away from the stone gate. Standing here, the giant hall was even more huge. At a glance, the top of the giant hall seemed to be inserted into a cloud peak.

"No wonder it has to be covered up with a space seal, such a huge hall. Wherever it is placed, it is a conspicuous existence..." Xiao Yan also said in surprise.

"Let's go this way! My soul power has sensed the breath of dragon monsters!" Xiao Yan said while pulling Yue Ru.

"Then why don't we go to the main hall? What about the Great Fortune?" Yueru also said in a heartbeat. Although Yueru didn't have much hope for the Great Fortune, she wanted to see it.

"If it was so easy to get, it wouldn't be great fortune."

"go!"

Xiao Yan also knew that the top priority was to find the dragon demon core first.