Chapter Vol 4 2159: Expert guidance, holy rank 8 refining pharmacist...

After the unification of the Endless Fire Territory had passed, the entire Doudi Continent had an unprecedented unity, the resources of the four continents were shared, and the strength and resources of the other three continents were also rapidly chasing after the Douyun Continent.

In the past, because of the Holy See and the Douyun Continent, resources were relatively concentrated, and the other three continents were more barren than each other. Now, under the rule of the Endless Fire Territory, the resources of the four continents are vaguely distributed evenly. It is the construction of several space channels, whether it is used to support rescue or the transmission of resource information, it has become extremely prosperous and simple.

The name of Xiao Yan, the owner of the Endless Fire Territory, has become a household name in the Dou Di Continent. After all, after this union, all the forces have received the resources and help of the Endless Fire Territory, so they have a high opinion. These resources are drawn from the ancient races, but they also enjoy it.

After all, these old guys are naturally very clear about the reason why a big tree can enjoy the shade.

Nowadays, the most discussed are the three mistresses in the Endless Fire Territory, because after the unification of the Dou Di Continent, the Endless Fire Territory is worked by the three mistresses all day long, regardless of their strength. , appearance or form, have won the respect of countless people, in contrast, the domain owner Xiao Yan has evaporated like the human world, and did not appear in the endless fire domain.

As for the many treasures in the Holy See, they were taken away by Miller and Liu Qing and left here. After the catastrophe of the Holy See, the two have no face to see Xiao Yan.

In the forbidden area of ​​the medicine tribe, this is a valley full of emerald green. In the valley, the fragrance of birds and flowers, one after another, is full of rich and rich life breath, lingering out.

Xiao Yan was slowly closing his eyes and resting in the center of the valley with a slightly raised plateau. When he swallowed and inhaled, a rather mysterious soul force swept out, which seemed rather mysterious.

Beside him, an old-fashioned old man sat quietly.

Yao Tianmo, the Supreme Elder of the Medicine Clan, is an eighth-rank alchemist of the Holy Order.

"Well, the breath is almost conditioned."

"In addition to the soul power that you have already stepped into the Void Transformation Realm, you can now directly attack the eighth-grade holy pharmacist."

Yao Tianmo looked at Xiao Yan with admiration and smiled lovingly.

In the ten days after the meeting, after Xiao Yan had appeased the three women, he handed over many matters of the Endless Fire Territory to the three women. Instead, he joined the Yao clan and concentrated on listening to Yao Tianmo. With the guidance, prepare to realize your own path to the eighth grade of the holy order.

In ten days, Yao Tianmo has explained everything to himself in detail, and now he has a lot of experience, several powers have returned to their peak positions, and Yao Tianmo is by his side, which is naturally an excellent shock time.

"Saint-rank eighth-grade pharmacists are no ordinary pharmacists, but they are comparable to those of ordinary pharmacists."

"Even with the lowest medicinal materials, we can make a real magic medicine in our hands, but the cumbersome process discourages many pharmacists."

"Precious medicinal materials are naturally the best prerequisite for refining holy pills."

"At the time of your breakthrough, you must use your own soul power to comprehend the heaven and the earth, and capture the ethereal breath of the holy soul between the heaven and the earth. Only after passing through the thunder tribulation can you completely break away from the holy rank."

"Before the breakthrough, even if you are talented, you can't refine holy pills without using any borrowing methods."

Yao Tianmo laughed.

"Well, this junior knows."

Xiao Yan nodded, the medicinal pill that he had refined had already been given to Cailin, but Xiao Yan knew that the success of refining in that medicinal clan ceremony was a coincidence. extremely difficult to succeed.

Less than the eighth rank of the holy rank, it is impossible to refine the holy elixir.

"Let's start, I will protect the law for you."

Yao Tianmo waved his big hand, and the thick green energy was like a liquid, completely sealing the valley of the forbidden area of ​​the Yao family.

"Wong buzzing!"

Immediately, Xiao Yan closed his eyes, and the spiritual palace in his body suddenly wriggled. Countless soul energies surged up, and the powerful soul power caused the entire valley to tremble slightly. The ground shook and the mountains shook, which was quite shocking.

"It's really an out-and-out little monster."

"It seems that everyone of the descendants of the Xiao family is so terrifying."

"It was really a pity back then. Many elders in the clan were pedantic, so they didn't follow the Xiao clan across the world."

"Even if the Dou Di Continent is the top-ranked continent in the Human World, it is not the top after all... Sigh."

Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Yao Tianmo smiled helplessly, his voice was full of vicissitudes.

"Whoa!"

With Yao Tianmo's guidance, Xiao Yan's breakthrough to the eighth rank of the Holy Order was only a matter of course.

On the other side, on Xuanling Mountain, the base camp of the Endless Fire Territory, Xiao Zifan, Mufeng and others sat here quietly, handling many things for the Endless Fire Territory, but these guys are obviously hidden by the Endless Fire Territory, and they will not show it easily. Otherwise, the descendants of Xiao Zifan and the descendants of the Xiao clan, as well as the fire of Luo Menglan's holy flame, may cause a lot of troubles.

But I have to say that the thirty-six sacred flames that are extremely precious in the Great Thousand World are probably close to ten, which is extremely terrifying.

The entire Doudi Continent is in good weather, and the country is peaceful and peaceful.

In the distance, Douyun Continent's Soul Clan Soul Realm.

"Buzz."

The head of the soul clan, Hun Tianhao, is stationed here. The guards here are heavily guarded, and the void in the inner house wriggles slightly, and the figure of Hun Tianhao emerges.

"Huhu, it's not a bad thing after all."

Hun Tianhao just returned to his station, looked around, and repeatedly checked that there was no suspicious atmosphere in his house. With a wave of his hand, a gloomy ghost barrier completely enveloped the house.

After doing all this, Hun Tianhao just flicked his fingers, and suddenly four icy-cold bodies appeared on the ground.

Above the four icy bodies, there is already no vital temperature, but it is not difficult to find out that the fluctuations on their bodies are not bad, not only have the strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, but even one person has reached the strength of reincarnation, and If the elders of the ancient races are here, they will find their identities!

The four masters of the Doudi Continent!

"That guy from Heavenly Emperor I'm afraid he is too busy with the extraterritorial evil clan now, so he doesn't have time to manage these things."

"I'm really willing to send the guardians of the four planes of Dou Di Continent."

While speaking, a milky white flame slowly emerged from his fingertips, and then easily wrapped around the four corpses. At that time, the void burst open, and terrifying power swept out, extremely mysterious.

"Pfft!"

The milky white flame just touched the corpse, and the four corpses immediately evaporated and disappeared. Even the corpses of the reincarnation powerhouses disappeared in an instant. The milky white flames had a faint aura of gods rising, and that kind of breath made people feel Suffocation is definitely not reincarnation!

"No, Xiao Yan's strength still can't touch the top of this world."

"It seems that I have to put some pressure on him."

"Ha ha."

Killing the four of them at will, a strange smile appeared on the corner of Hun Tianhao's mouth. The gloomy aura was not proportional to the milky white flame, but this kind of power, even a demon emperor, probably wouldn't be able to detect it.

"The day the Xiao clan appeared, the time of the great catastrophe."

"Hurry up."

The elegant and confident voice fell slightly, and it was quiet here, but the milky white flame that flickered in this guy's body may have an extraordinary origin.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: