Chapter Vol 2 706: choose

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan said to Mu Feng, Mu Yingying and Ludi behind him.

As for Xiao Yi, she was not allowed to enter. After all, Xiao Yi had a special identity as a fire elf.

"Xiao Yan, let's go first." Qin Xin and the others finished speaking and walked directly towards the stone room.

"Let's go." Seeing this, Xiao Yan whispered to the people around him.

As soon as the words fell, several people started to act at the same time. Obviously, these people are looking forward to this time to cultivate Dongtian.

"Mu Feng, Green Flute, wait a second." Just as he entered the stone room, Xiao Yan spoke slowly to the two of them.

"En?" Mu Feng and Lvdi were stunned for a moment, then looked at Xiao Yan.

"Holding this thing will help a lot for the two of you to overcome the calamity." Xiao Yan said something to the two of them, and then something flashed in his hand, and without hesitation, he went to the two of them.

"No thanks for the great kindness." Mu Feng felt the mysterious object exuding dazzling power in his hand, and immediately cast a grateful look at Xiao Yan.

"You can leave now." After doing all this, Xiao Yan took the lead and walked straight away.

"Xiao Yan..."

"It's such a great favor, if you need it in the future, you can take this life." Mu Feng's heart suddenly changed, and he followed suit. Lu Di's mood at this time was similar to Mu Feng's.

After the matter was over, the four of them turned their attention to this stone room.

From the outside, this stone room looks very ordinary, without any sparkle, but since Xiao Yan entered the inside, he felt the mystery of this cultivation cave!

What should I say, Xiao Yan's current strength has reached the level of the late six-star Dou Emperor, and his soul power has also reached the level of a second-grade emperor-level pharmacist, but there is something in the depths of this stone room that makes Xiao Yan feel terrified.

"The surrounding walls are extremely gloomy. It seems that this is just a passageway. The purpose of this passageway should be to cover up what's inside." Mu Feng thought for a while and said, for these things, Mu Feng, who is good at the technique of Five Elements and Eight Trigrams Quite proud.

"Don't waste time, let's go."

"Cultivation Cave is at the exit of the passage." Just when Xiao Yan and the others were still wondering, a young and old voice suddenly came from outside.

"Let's go!" Hearing the voice of the old man, the four of them looked at each other, their speed increased sharply, and they headed towards the exit.

The Burning Incense Pavilion is located on the top of Mount Hua.

The top of Huashan Mountain is protected by a powerful formation of the Burning Heaven Territory, and the Burning Incense Pavilion is deep within it.

The reason why Fenxiang Pavilion is loved by so many Xuantian people is because of the three extremely powerful fighting skills in the three halls of Heaven, Earth and Ren in Fenxiang Pavilion!

Many sects and even empires regard high-level fighting skills as treasures, and they will not easily show it to others, let alone let others practice it, but the Burning Incense Pavilion is different.

As long as you officially join the Burning Incense Pavilion, no matter how talented you are, you will have a chance to realize it!

If it succeeds, then the profound fighting skills can be easily learned. If it fails, one can also learn a lot in the atmosphere of Burning Incense Pavilion.

In addition, it is the so-called cultivation cave.

It can be said unceremoniously that among the numerous sects in the entire Xuansan three days, Fenxiang Pavilion is the only one with such a large hand in this cultivation cave. After all, it is quite difficult to open up this cultivation cave.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, no one can clearly say what the specific cultivation of the cave looks like, but there is no doubt that this cultivation cave can help people break through the current bottleneck is true.

"This is..." Xiao Yan and his party slowly came to the end, and suddenly found a bottomless huge river appearing in everyone's heart!

"Tongtianhe?" Seeing this, Mu Feng suddenly exclaimed, and then a fiery look appeared in his eyes.

"Tongtianhe?" Mu Yingying's eyes wrinkled slightly when she heard the words, and there was a hint of doubt in those eyes.

Everyone had just left the exit of the stone room at this time, and when they looked around, they saw a bottomless river flowing slowly through the sky!

And in the river that connects the sky, a mysterious power shakes Mu Yingying's heart at any moment!

"Is this the so-called Tongtianhe?" Xiao Yan murmured in a low voice, the huge soul power and spirit instantly unfolded, trying to investigate one or two.

But in the next moment, Xiao Yan shook his head and said, "Forget it, this Tongtianhe probably has a very strong restriction, so I am wasting my efforts."

"Where is there a step, go take a look?" In the next instant, Mu Feng raised his finger and pointed to a place.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan took the brunt of the brunt and started walking.

The four walked up the steps, step by step.

At that time, the whole picture of Tongtian River was in full view.

That is a huge turbulent Tianhe!

Compared with the Xuanling Emperor Pond that Xiao Yan had seen before, it was undoubtedly enlarged countless times!

"Why is there a pavilion here?"

"It's obviously not right." Mu Yingying's eyes turned slightly, as if she had discovered something.

"If expected, this should be the entrance to the cultivation cave." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Hehe, you little guys are really making people wait." Xiao Yan's voices just fell, and suddenly a rather rounded man slowly appeared.

"Deputy Hall Master Xiong Yuan?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he saw this.

How could this dignified deputy hall master of Xiong Yuan be reduced to doing such a thing.

"Don't look at me, the people guarding Tongtianhe have something to do, so I'm just on duty in place of others." Xiong Yuan said with a smile as if he had noticed Xiao Yan's doubts.

"I don't know what connection this Tongtianhe has with Cultivation Cave..." Xiao Yan said to Xiong Jun, his voice full of doubts.

Just now, Zhu Yuan and the others in the local team clearly knew it, but because of the bad relationship, Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't ask, but it's different now, if he didn't ask clearly, he would be confused.

"Tongtianhe is a cultivation cave, and cultivation cave is Tongtianhe If you want to enter Tongtianhe, just jump from here." Xiong Yuan still said with a smile, but his eyes kept staring at Xiao Yan.

"Jump down directly?" Mu Feng asked, scratching his head when he heard the words.

Just kidding!

This pavilion is at the highest point of the Tongtian River. If you jump down like this, I am afraid that there will be no residue left by the terrifying power of the Tongtian River!

"Ha ha."

"If you want to enter Tongtianhe to practice, there is one more thing." Xiong Jun saw that Mu Feng was in a hurry, so he didn't give a **** and spoke directly.

"What else is there?" Green Flute also gathered around at this time. Green Flute was also looking forward to this cultivation cave. After all, there was the mysterious thing Xiao Yan gave him, so it shouldn't be difficult to break through the Six-Star Dou Emperor.

"It's easy to say."

"That is, choice."

"Cultivation caves exist in the Tongtian River, but cultivation caves are divided into one to nine levels."

"You can only enter if you make a choice."

"But I have to remind you in advance, think twice about everything, the speed of the ninth-level cultivation cave is indeed stronger than the eighth-level, but the pressure to be endured in the ninth-level cultivation cave can not be underestimated, a careless , and even become an idiot!"

"That's all I have to say, how do you choose next?" After Xiong Yuan finished speaking, the four little guys in front of the interested old man.

Ask for tickets!