Chapter Vol 4 2102: The grand ceremony is over, the Holy See is coming, the conspiracy is still great...

"Boom!" When countless people suddenly had some wrong thoughts in their minds, the world in the entire medicine valley suddenly became restless, and the energy ripples of Baizhi instantly disappeared from the scroll of immortality in front of Shen Hong. It fell out of the middle, and then covered the entire sky, forming a huge curtain of the sky!

"Come down, the curtain!" At this moment, he felt the formation of the Immortal Technique and the construction of the special space bridge in his body was close to success, but Shen Hong smiled.

At this moment, he is no longer afraid of death, what he is afraid of is whether he can pull Xiao Yan and die together!

"Xiao Yan, what I can't get, you can't get it either!"

"This time, I didn't lose!"

"Hahaha!" Shen Hong suddenly laughed madly.

"Bang bang bang!" The curtain of light, like a sky, slanted and suppressed Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan's pressure suddenly increased, and he didn't care what Shen Hong's words meant, fighting spirit, dragon **** transformation , the fire attribute and wood attribute power are displayed together, and the splendid energy of the whole person overflows everywhere.

"Dong, dong, dong!" The terrifying veil of heaven was extremely powerful, but it was restrained by Xiao Yan abruptly.

"Shen Hong, stop."

"You will die if you go on like this." Xiao Yan wiped the sweat from his forehead after finishing the attack, and looked at Shen Hongdao quite seriously.

With Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power, it can be basically concluded that what Shen Hong is doing now has something to do with the so-called Holy See!

In conjunction with the Son of Light named Liu Hao in the Holy See, an inexplicable disgust emerged from Xiao Yan's body.

"stop?"

"Xiao Yan, what do you know!"

"Everything I do now is forced by you!"

"If you give me the title, nothing will happen."

"It's a pity it's too late!!!" At this moment, Shen Hong was like a ferocious beast, his eyes were scarlet, and he couldn't hear anyone's voice. A very bright brand of light, like a space channel connecting the other side of the starry sky, seems to connect some places!

He actually used his own life as a guide to extradite a tyrannical aura to come here?

"Shen Hong, what are you doing?"

"Calm me down!!!" In an instant, the old monster Shen Xi also submerged above the Yaogu Mountains, and hurriedly scolded Shen Hong, who looked so insane.

"Don't go there, he's already...not him." The old eccentric Shen Xi just finished his words, and he shot straight at Shen Hong like a crossbow with a bow. Even with Xiao Yan's admonition, it was of no use.

"This...what's going on here?" After Shunxi, the void in the entire medicine world was completely shrouded in a rather mysterious white mist, and the minds of countless forces suddenly wondered.

"Patriarch, the big thing is bad." Just when everyone was puzzled, a Qianying was pale, and hurriedly emerged from the void somewhere, and a staggered fell to the ground, a very weak road.

"Yao Xuan?"

"what happened?"

"Aren't you one of the people in charge of the inspection among the medicine clan this time?"

"How can you be seriously injured?" Yaoyun jumped up and helped her up, her beautiful eyes kept looking at her delicate body. Above her delicate body, there were lines of bright swords that contained quite holy light, and her body had already been removed. The piercing holes are riddled with holes, and it is quite embarrassing. With that kind of burning intensity, I am afraid that in the entire Daqian world, only the so-called Holy See powerhouse can do it, because that is the burning brand of light caused by the light attribute, even if it is the entire Daqian world. No one in the world can imitate it.

"The clan... the patriarch."

"Yaojie, something happened." With the help of Yaoyun's power, Yaoxuan tried her best to calm down her injuries, and then she spoke in one breath, her voice full of powerlessness.

"What the **** is going on?" Yao Wan Wan also asked suspiciously.

"No no...no!" Yao Xuan did not answer him, but a rare fear suddenly appeared in her beautiful eyes, and her pupils shrank tightly, and the breath in her body slowly fell into a state of sluggishness.

"Kacha!" Without waiting for everyone here to react, Yaoxuan's delicate body, which had just appeared for a few breaths, was actually under the gaze of everyone, and countless white flames ignited on her body, and then turned into pieces of crystal fragments, suspended in the air. Among them, after a while, it dissipated like powder, countless vitality was completely destroyed, and the whole person was completely annihilated here!

All of this happened between lightning and flint, and it was so fast that none of the powerful Yao family came to notice, and Yao Xuan was in front of everyone, completely destroyed.

"Ahhh!"

"who is it!"

"What a great ability!" Yao Wan Wan looked at it, his eyes became scarlet and ferocious, he roared coldly, and countless mountains and rivers stirred up a terrifying sound, and then deafening energy swept out.

"Hehe, Patriarch Yao, I haven't seen you for a long time." With the appearance of this scene, the void in front of everyone trembled abruptly, and several strange figures emerged like a group of death apostles.

All in white clothes, white robes, and uniform attire, and at the center of its dozens of guards and apostles, a man with a sneering smile on the corner of his mouth is telling everything in a proud tone.

Behind him, there are countless white lights surrounding him, that kind of extremely rich fluctuations represent his lofty and respected identity!

Holy See Son of Light!

"Liu Hao!" Xiao Yan took one step forward and left directly from the exploding medicine valley. Some rare scars on his body were quite conspicuous. He immediately stood beside Yao Wan and others and said, his face became extremely dignified.

"Brother Xiao Yan, what is your injury?" Xun'er hurriedly ran over, looking at Xiao Yan's injury and worried.

"I'm fine." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"senior."

"Shen Hong is dead."

"Old monster Shen Xi is also dead."

"The body and spirit are all destroyed, and before he died, Shen Hong used his body as the carrier of the space channel to transport the powers of the Holy See to extradite here." Xiao Yan said.

"Liu Hao You and I, the two forces, don't invade the river, why did you break into our holy land without authorization?"

"Kill the genius of my clan?"

"I hope you can give me an explanation!"

"Otherwise, even if the Pope is here today, I'm afraid I won't be able to protect you!" A terrifying team led by Yao Wan, Yao Xuanyi and others showed endless power.

"Haha, the Yao family is the birthplace of the pharmacists in Douyun Continent, and I have long wanted to witness the superb medicine refining skills of the Yao Patriarch."

"I take the liberty of disturbing today, and I hope the Yao Patriarch will atone for his sins." Liu Hao said confidently and confidently.

"As for Miss Yaoxuan and the guards who guard the medicine world, because they secretly colluded with the evil clan from outside the territory, the evidence is conclusive, and they have been executed by our Holy See, so I don't bother the Yao Patriarch to take action in person." After a while, Liu Hao's voice faded. , but the atmosphere on the altar mountain of the entire medicine world has been rendered to the extreme!

At this moment, the audience was silent!