Chapter Vol 4 1352: The storm is about to rise!

"What is this?" Xiao Yan said when he noticed that the Thunder Eater was easily split in half by himself, and suddenly a rather mysterious light beam slowly emerged from its body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Weng buzzing!" The Thunder Eater was chopped in half by Xiao Yan, and its vitality was sluggish.

"Lei Jing?" The next moment, a prismatic silver crystal inside the Thunder Eater Beast disappeared into Xiao Yan's line of sight.

The silver crystal was about the size of a palm, and traces of silver thunder continued to emerge, but inside it contained an extremely majestic pure energy. Under this trace of thunder, Xiao Yan's heart trembled slightly.

"This Lei Jing is a good thing, but its value is limited because it can only be used by the lightning-type powerhouse."

"This Lei Jing is the product of the condensed soul beasts of the two-star fighting immortals. After taking Lei Jing, the thunder-type powerhouse can hope to obtain a more splendid thunder power, or to improve their own strength." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"It's really a pity." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly when he heard the words. It seemed that he had no connection with this thing.

"Squeak!" Although Xiao Yan couldn't swallow it, Xiao Yan would not waste it in vain. With a flip of his palm, he immediately wanted to put away Lei Jing. After all, this is also a rare treasure.

"Xiao Yan, wait." The next moment, Du Qifei's urgent voice came from afar.

"Qi Fei?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and the movements on his palm couldn't help but stop.

"This thing is useful to me, I don't know if it can be given to me..." Duo Qifei and Liu Qing's two daughters worked hard to resist a thunder-eating beast, and then communicated with Xiao Yan through their soul power.

"Of course you can." Xiao Yan heard the words, and suddenly smiled knowingly, after all, whether it was from a friend's point of view or Duo Qifei's identity as a reincarnation, this Lei Jing and Xiao Yan naturally would not enjoy it alone.

"Thanks."

"In return, I will take you to the forbidden area of ​​Lei Tomb. There are a lot of good things there, and very few people know about it." Duo Qifei was overjoyed when she heard this, but she didn't want to get Xiao Yan's victory in vain.

"Lei's Tomb Forbidden Area?" Xiao Yan was startled at first, and then slowly laughed.

With his current strength in the middle stage of Two-Star Dou Xian, if he wanted to make a breakthrough, he might not be able to do it with an ordinary energy body. There must be a lot of treasures in the forbidden area of ​​Lei Tomb. Although danger is inevitable, Xiao Yan was not afraid of it.

"Boom!" After a while, the Yu Family sisters and Du Qifei's second team took a lot of work, but the remaining two Thunder Eaters were completely wiped out by them, but Lei Jing did not appear.

"No." Seeing Du Qifei approaching him, Xiao Yan immediately threw Lei Jing into him.

"Weng Om!" Lei Jing just poured into Duo Qifei's hands, and suddenly a shocking aura erupted, which seemed to fit Duo Qifei very well.

"Absorb it first."

"This is just the periphery. Most of the powerhouses encountered are mediocre. Otherwise, when entering the depths of the Thunder Tomb, the powerhouses encountered will be extremely difficult." Xiao Yan looked at the fiery heat radiating from Duan Qifei's body, and added his There was a slight fluctuation between the eyebrows, and he said.

"Yep."

"Thank you." Duo Qifei heard the words, did not refuse, just sat cross-legged and suspended the silver Lei Jing in front of him, thus running the exercise and refining it hard.

"Crash!" This Lei Jing seemed simple, but it wasn't.

The outermost silver crystal is extremely strong, even if the power of thunder on Du Qifei is not simple, I am afraid that it will not be able to be cracked for a while.

"Forget it, just wait."

"Anyway, it's not too short of time." Watching Du Qifei practice, the other people also quieted down.

"It seems that the power of thunder on this guy's body should not be underestimated!" Looking at the silver thunder that Duo Qifei displayed, a rare sense of horror appeared in Xiao Yan's heart.

"This girl should have the existence of a Thunder-type Heavenly Seed on her body, so the power of thunder is much more tyrannical than that of ordinary powerhouses." At this time, the Master of Soul Eater said.

"Thunder-type celestial seed..." Xiao Yan heard the words and shook his head slowly, but it was a little unbelievable. Obviously, a thunder-type celestial seed would not bring him such a tyrannical sense of oppression. I'm afraid this guy has something else on his body. secret.

And while the Thunder Tomb was in full swing, some unknown things were quietly happening outside.

Inside the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives.

In an elegant manor, at this time, Du Tianyan, the deputy head of the forging knife and thunder valley, was standing in the back garden of the manor quite leisurely and elegantly, lying quietly in the center of the pavilion, drinking tea, a leisurely and comfortable look.

"Sir, something happened." The next moment, above the pavilion, a sound of nothingness suddenly emerged.

"What's the matter, talk about it." Duan Tianyan frowned, and then said with a hint of coldness in his voice.

"The patriarch of the Youhuan clan and his elite suddenly disappeared from the base camp..." The voice of nothingness sounded.

"Bang bang bang!" Duan Tianyan heard the words, the exquisite tea set in his hand instantly turned into powder and scattered in the sky.

"You Huan, this bastard!"

"If it ruins our major event, I will apologize with death!" A cold snort suddenly echoed on the pavilion, and the voice was full of chills.

"In addition, the strong men of the Soul Palace have successfully sneaked into the Thunder Realm, and the forces of our sins have also set up a net of heaven and earth in the Thunder City."

"Everything is ready except for the east wind." The voice of nothingness rang out so good. "

"Go back and tell the guys in the Soul Palace that no one can act rashly without my order!"

"Another person will be sent into the Thunder Tomb to ensure the safety of Youhuan." At the next moment, Duan Tianyan frowned.

"My lord, the strength of Master Youhuan and the twins of Youhuan are four-star fighting immortals, so there should be no accident?" The shadowy figure flashed a hint of doubt.

"Are you questioning what I said?" Duan Tianyan snorted coldly. As the Deputy Valley Master of Thunder Valley, he naturally knew what kind of terrifying existence there was in the Thunder Tomb!

Not to mention the three four-star Fighting Immortal experts, I am afraid that even the five four-star Fighting Immortal experts cannot be compared with some of them!

"Yes, my lord!" The shadow of the void heard the words, and said respectfully, and then slowly disappeared here.

"These damned alien races, do you really think that humans are stupid..."

"This ghostly clan is really a headache." Duan Tianyan gently softened his forehead, thinking carefully about the final plan this time!

Since it is revenge, since the three tyrannical forces of sin, the evil clan and the soul hall have been gathered, then it is natural to use the momentum of thunder to completely obliterate the Thunder Valley of Forged Swords and even the entire Eastern Continent.

So the start time of this plan is when the Dongzhou competition is completely over.

"Wait, it won't be long before this East Continent will naturally disappear." Duan Tianyan's mouth showed a trace of evil fluctuations, as disgusting as the worms in hell!

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.