Chapter Vol 4 1688: Confluence!

The shadow surged and left the Holy Tan of the Undying in an instant.

"This guy...isn't a powerhouse in Soul Eater Domain!" Xiao Yan was casually lifted by the shadow and headed towards some hidden places in Li Soul Domain. At first Xiao Yan didn't take it seriously, thinking that this guy was from Soul Eater Domain Powerhouse, but looking closely now, this guy's aura is extremely strange, and there is a green glow surrounding his black robe. The green glow is extremely domineering and makes one's mind rippling. This kind of strange power is something Xiao Yan has never seen before. seen.

Even with Xiao Yan's soul power, he could vaguely feel that this guy has always followed him, but now he is in danger before he takes action.

"This lord..." The two moved quickly, Xiao Yan couldn't help asking, there was already a trace of vigilance in his mind.

"Hehe." Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, the black shadow stopped moving, and the two stopped on a rock. Immediately, their eyes became deep, and they took off their black robes, revealing their true colors.

"That weird person from before?" Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when this guy's ordinary appearance just appeared.

This guy is actually the weirdo who stopped him from outside the Holy Tan of the Undying in the first place!

"Little guy." Hei Sha Long Lang was not hypocritical, and grinned. He was no longer arrogant and arrogant, but treated Xiao Yan quite calmly.

"Senior...this?" Xiao Yan was immediately confused and asked immediately.

With the battle just now and Xiao Yan's induction, this guy's strength is probably as strong as Hao Ni'er, and it is a blessing or a curse to be targeted by a powerhouse of this level.

"I have no ill will towards you, I just want to..." Heishan Longlang said, and a piece of delicate paper spread out from the palm of his hand.

Treasures of the demon world, collect demon sails, and some creatures can be included in it.

"Crash!" Just as the Black Evil Dragon Wolf approached Xiao Yan, a black light appeared on Xiao Yan's body, turning into a faint light to protect Xiao Yan.

"Hey, let's go, let's go." After a while, Heishan Longlang shook his head helplessly.

"Farewell." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, immediately opened his palm, and the space passage in front of him was torn apart. Without any hesitation, he suddenly stepped into the space passage and headed towards the base camp of Soul Devouring Domain.

"Isn't it a Soul Eater Realm... If the adults are still there, the Soul Eater Realm is not worth mentioning." During the speech, a dim light around the Heishan Longlang also disappeared, but the power above this dim light, some Similar to Hao Nier's.

"And looking at this battle, the battle of the Three Domains is about to begin, so I'm still looking forward to it, hehe." After Heishan Longlang finished speaking, he also disappeared here.

"Xiao Yan, young man, are you alright?" A soft voice sounded shortly after Xiao Yan entered the space.

"Ghost Son?" Xiao Yan followed, but found this acquaintance. This guy was a subordinate of the Master of Soul Eater who was rescued on Icefire Island. After that, he took the Soul Eater Talisman to Soul Eater Domain to rescue soldiers. leader of a war.

"Xiao Yan Shaoxia has been completely listed as one of the trial list by Li Hunyu, so the adults ordered me to wait for Xiao Yan Shaoxia again." Ghost Soul said.

However, the ghostly soul found that Xiao Yan seemed to have a rather mysterious power at this time, and even his own six-star fighting immortal was difficult to detect, which made the ghostly soul quite curious.

"Well, by the way, the mysterious power just now is..." Xiao Yan asked casually.

"It's the Queen's, well, time is running out."

"I'll take you to the base camp. The Queen and everyone are waiting for you, and now that the demon of light has attacked Li Hunyu for half a year, the real battle between the two sides is about to begin." The voice just ended. , the two turned into a black light and moved rapidly in the space channel.

Elsewhere in Li Soul Territory, the terrifying battles continued, and the demon guards under the Demon of Light were tyrannical. At the beginning of the battle, thousands of demon guards were used to defeat the top leaders of Li Soul Territory, but fortunately Li Soul Territory The background is not cheap, and after a turnaround, he also resisted the demon guard.

However, Rao is that the two forces have been at war for so long, and none of them is stronger than the eight-star fighting immortal level powerhouse, and even the two powerhouses deliberately avoid it.

Where Soul Eater is located, above the space ship.

"Your Majesty..." At this time, in a quiet house inside the ship, several figures stood quietly, and some of them couldn't help but say.

"How's the battle between the Demon of Light and Li Soul Territory going?" Hao Ni'er, who was in a high position, frowned and said slightly, and there were bursts of worry on her delicate face.

Now the Master of Soul Eater has not yet left the retreat, but with the attack of the demon of light, there are too many people who are dissatisfied with these space ships that gather half of the Soul Eater Xeon.

Their trip was to crusade against the Lord of the Soul, and now that the demon of light has made a move, their success rate will be greatly increased, but even so, Hao Ni'er, the acting domain master who controls the army, has made many strong men stand still. , so the grievances are even worse.

"I don't know how the battle is going... I take the liberty to ask the Queen, Her Majesty is leading the army here, is it just to observe and then go back in dismay?" At this time, a man in silver armor sat on the seat. Standing up, he clasped his fists and said, with deep resentment in his voice.

"Bai Ze, talk about the battle situation." Seeing that nearly ninety percent of these strong men were so resentful, Hao Ni'er disagreed, and the jade ring on the jade hand turned slightly and said.

"Queen, the demons of light have now captured one-fifth of the territory in Li Soul Territory, but where they passed, there was no blood, no burning, killing, and looting. Instead, it was extremely peaceful."

"They completely ignore the civilians and general forces in Li Soul Territory, but they have used a crazy attack on the lower five courtyards of Li Soul Territory and the shrine of the Lord of Li Soul. Although they haven't broken any place yet, their subordinates are guessing. , once there is a gap in any of the five courtyards, I am afraid that they will directly avoid the five courtyards and go to the temple of the Lord of Souls..."

"Their goal seems to be the shrine of the Lord of Souls... or the Lord of Souls." Bai Ze said respectfully.

"Queen!"

"Go ahead!"

"If you don't do it I'm afraid the fighter plane is fleeting!" The figures of the generals also said in a loud voice.

"Hmph... I told my master a long time ago that a girl is not good enough..." At this time, several white-haired old men among the crowd snorted coldly, their voices filled with dissatisfaction with Hao Ni'er .

"Queen...Xiao Yan Shaoxia, return safely." The next moment, in this tense situation, Hunyouzi and Xiao Yan appeared one after another.

"Elder Devourer, what do you mean by that?" Hao Ni'er glanced at Xiao Yan lightly, and then turned to look at several old men.

"It's a big mistake if you don't fight if you don't fight, you will waste the opportunity, and the master will hand the Soul Eater Domain into your hands."

"Hahaha." The old man laughed at himself.

"Elder Eater, the Queen is now the domain owner of Soul Eater Domain, you are blaspheming the master's order!"

"What should you be guilty of!" In an instant, Bai Ze's ghostly souls shouted loudly.

"Let's fight..."

"This time, Li Hunyu must pay the price." Listening to the quarrel in the house, Hao Ni'er smiled slightly, and then suddenly burst out with the majesty of a superpower.

The reason why Hao Nier has not fought is because of Xiao Yan. Now that Xiao Yan has returned safely, it is naturally the last step.

"Eight Stars... Consummation?" It was quiet in an instant.