Chapter Vol 4 1268: Sign up!

"What a terrifying Thunder City..." Xiao Yan and the four took the flying soul beast to several kilometers away from Thunder City. With the help of Thunder City, which was surrounded by thunder and smoky, Yu Wei couldn't help exclaiming.

"This is Leicheng."

"There is still a month before the official competition starts. After registering the information in a while, you can stroll around Leicheng by yourself. Leicheng is heavily guarded and has a very high safety factor. You can buy any medicines or weapons in Leicheng. Enough to enhance your strength, of course, the premise is that you have enough money." Mo Yu said with a smile.

"Yes." The three of Xiao Yan nodded slowly, obviously they were looking forward to the ratio of Dongzhou this time.

"Let's go, old man, enter the city." In the next moment, a gentle force emerged from Mo Yu's body, and immediately headed towards Leicheng below.

"Gulu." With a sound, the flying soul beast slowly descended into the Thunder City directly through the power of thunder.

"Lord Mo Yu, why did you come here in person?" The place where Xiao Yan and his group of flying spirit beasts descended was a huge square specially designed for flying spirit beasts to inhabit. A man spoke up.

The man had a smile on his face, and his breath was not weak. The silver robe on his body seemed to faintly exude a strange power of thunder, and even on the shoulders, a conspicuous thunder word appeared slowly.

"These few people have a relationship with me, and I happened to be bored in the teleportation mountain range, so I came here." Mo Yu said with a smile.

Duan Yu heard the words, but his pupils turned quickly, because they knew Mo Yu's temper, and it was enough to show that the two had a good relationship.

"Aren't you someone from Thunder Valley?" Xiao Yan noticed something just by looking at it.

The man in front of him had the word thunder embroidered on his body, and a looming power of thunder was slowly exuding. He must be the overlord of Dongzhou, the person who forged the Thunder Valley.

"Three friends, Duyu Yu, the people of Leicheng City Lord's Mansion, are responsible for attracting contestants to sign up today." The man Du Yu said.

"Leicheng City Lord's Mansion..." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile, there is no doubt that this Leicheng City Lord's Mansion is impressively the branch of Forge Sword Thunder Valley in Lei City.

"This time, it's time to work." Mo Yu didn't talk too much, because he knew that with the help of Du Yu's identity, they could save them a lot of trouble.

"Master Mo Yu and a few friends, please come with me."

"There are dozens of registration points for this competition. It just so happens that I'm going back to the City Lord's Mansion. I'll take you there to register." Du Yu said.

"Let's go." Hearing this, Mo Yu said to the people behind Wei Wei.

After all, everyone also went to the City Lord's Mansion.

When passing through other places in Leicheng, Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling dizzy when looking at the dark registration teams in other places. With so many applicants, I am afraid that just one registration point is enough to rank in the queue. Team for a few days.

"Don't worry, a few friends. The registration site of the City Lord's Mansion has the smallest number of people among all the registration sites, because entering the City Lord registration requires a minimum condition." Duan Yu noticed the concerns of the other people and said.

"What conditions?" This time, Yu Ran Ran said.

"The strength must be above the one-star fighting immortal..."

"There are no restrictions on other registration points. As long as we are from Dongzhou, you can register. Only the registration of the City Lord's Mansion is stricter." Duan Yu said with a smile.

"One star to fight immortals..." Xiao Yan muttered.

"It's here." After a while, everyone slowly came to the City Lord's Mansion, and they were shocked by the three large silver characters on the gate of the City Lord's Mansion.

These three big silver characters seem to hide other powers, which makes them have to be solemn.

"Let's go." As soon as he finished speaking, Du Yu stepped directly into it and took everyone to the registration office.

"Hehe, Young Master He is really a hero..."

"At such a young age, his strength has reached the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, which is really surprising."

"Where is there, Fang is just a good teacher from my father..."

"My father said that this time the Dongzhou ratio will definitely give me the victory..."

"That's that's that..."

"However, the registrant of the City Lord's Mansion has a really weird temper..." Du Yu took the four people to the City Lord's Mansion to register, but the area of ​​the City Lord's Mansion exceeded Xiao Yan's imagination, so in the process of going, all the way It was also the figure who saw the registration finished talking in a low voice.

"arrive."

"In this room, is the elder Dufeng who is in charge of the registration of the City Lord's Mansion." Duan Yu said slowly, but when he said Dufeng, his face was a little ugly.

As soon as Du Yu finished speaking, Xiao Yan immediately cast his gaze towards the room in front of him. He saw that the room was extremely large and the wooden door was slightly opened, but it was quite quiet at this time, and no one was registering information.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's actually the old guy Duan Feng..." Mo Yu shook her head slightly when she heard the words. Obviously, the two of them were old acquaintances.

"Lord Mo Yu, I believe you also know the temper of Elder Dufeng, and it is still during the registration period, so please move to the living room. When the registration of the three friends is completed, I will notify you as soon as possible." Du Yu said.

"En." Mo Yu didn't want to embarrass Du Yu. Slightly murmured.

"Come on, take Mr. Mo Yu to the hall to sit for a while." Du Yu's voice just fell, and a beautiful maid walked out from not far away, and took Mo Yu down generously Three friends, let's go. "During all this last night, Du Yu also smiled at the three of them.

Du Yu's identity is not low in the city lord's mansion, but he is allowed to see countless strange women, but after seeing the sisters Yu Ran Ran, he also has a kind of joyful mood, obviously the appearance of these two women, no matter In any respect, it was considered excellent, but fortunately, Du Yu was not an animal who thought with his lower body, and would not do stupid things.

"Dong dong dong."

"Elder Dufeng, I brought a few friends of Lord Mo Yu to sign up for the information." Duan Yu brought the three to the front of the house, and then tapped lightly on the open wooden door.

"Mo Yu's person..."

"Come in." As Duan Yu's voice just fell, a lazy voice slowly came out from the wooden house, but Xiao Yan, with his huge soul power, suddenly found that when he heard the word Mo Yu, that The vindictiveness of the figures in the wooden house clearly showed a slight change.

But it was just such a sentence, but it contained some rather peculiar power. It turned out to be the figures of Xiao Yan and the three of them, standing slowly on the spot without the slightest turbulence.

"This old guy..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's dazzling soul force suddenly mobilized, and then the coercion was removed in an instant.

"Oh...it's kind of interesting..."

"Finally, there are some interesting little guys here." Seemingly sensing Xiao Yan's drastic change in his soul power, the figure in the wooden house couldn't help but let out an exclamation.

. steal incense