Chapter 158: Probe!

The eldest brother of the two who escaped in the passage is named Jiang Yu, and the younger brother is named Jiang Yuan. The two are brothers and have some connections with Wu Jiang. They came here this time without telling their family. , Wujiang is naturally worried about their safety.

Jiang Yu was quite satisfied when he saw his younger brother go far away, and then turned his head to see the two figures in front of him, black and white, like ghosts, his face changed slightly, the enemy in front of him used to be But he has never dealt with it, and he does not remember that his family has provoked an enemy of this level.

After a brief thought to no avail, Jiang Yu also acted decisively, because he knew that with his current strength and in this strange space, he could not beat any of the two in front of him.

And they had just woken up from a coma, and they found that besides them, many figures were also caught here.

Although I don't know who these are and what they are doing, there is no doubt about it. There must have been a conspiracy to it.

So he was attacked by two black and white figures in the short crotch, and then he ran away in the opposite direction of his brother's escape.

"Damn! Who are these people!"

"Extraterritorial evil race? But why do I feel that their breath is not like that alien evil race?"

"The breath is gloomy and weird..." Jiang Yu also wondered.

"Chase!"

"One person, one person! They must not be allowed to escape, otherwise you will know the end..." The black figure said to the white figure.

"I know, it's really long-winded." After speaking, the white figure's speed skyrocketed, chasing towards the place where Jiang Yuan escaped, and at that speed, a trace of strange and gloomy gas also remained.

"Let's see where you are fleeing now..." The black figure was chasing after Jiang Yu's escape.

"It's here." Hu Du also said to Wu Jiang.

Then, regardless of Wujiang, he directly and carefully probed the land.

a hundred years……

Two hundred meters...

Seven hundred meters!

This was already Hu Du's limit, but he still didn't find anything unusual, so he had no choice but to do it.

"Haven't you checked this place?" Hu Du also said depressedly, how can such a thing be sloppy, if one accidentally provokes the above to blame, the consequences are very serious.

"Um."

"It is said that there have been problems here before, but the number of people is within the controllable range, so it was suppressed by the high-level force." Wu Jiang also said slowly.

"how come……"

"It's all about life!" Hu Du was obviously angry and said angrily.

"Hey, old Hu, listen to me, this stronghold I'm in charge of has only had this kind of thing happen in recent years, but every time the number of people missing is only within ten, so the top management didn't pay too much attention, it's just this I don't know why so many people disappeared at one time..." Wu Jiang also said in a humming tone.

"As you know, this is not our Xuantian sect after all, it's just a small sect's site, so we just borrow it. It's not easy to dig three feet to investigate these sites, otherwise..." Wu Jiang was also there. degree said.

"This..." Hu Du's originally angry eyes also became blurred. His friend of life and death said it so clearly, he didn't know where he was.

What Wujiang means is that this is not their own territory, they just borrowed the entrance of the local sect for testing and selection, and he has checked all the places that can be explored. Although there are some places that are suspicious, they are not authorized to enter.

Just like the piece of land under their feet, this is the cultivation square of other sects, and it is impossible to dig three feet into the ground to investigate...

"This is the territory of that sect?" Hu Du also whispered, obviously Wu Jiang also knew that there might be some problems with this sect.

"This is..." Wu Jiang also said in a low voice.

"Hey, hey, what are you doing?" A little boy with a milky voice also watched Wu Jiang and Hu Du go back and forth on this path, and couldn't help but ask.

"It's nothing, we're taking a walk."

"Old Hu, do you think so?" Wu Jiang also patted Hu Du on the shoulder.

"Yes, yes." Hu Du also laughed, and then the two walked away slowly.

"This person is the only son of this sect." Wu Jiang also said.

"Well, why is this child's aura a bit weird..." Hu Du pondered.

"Have you found it too? I sensed it long ago, but I just don't know what it is..." Wu Jiang also said.

Seeing what Hu Du was trying to say, Wu Jiang also gestured shyly, then attached to his ear and said something.

In the square, a group of people also walked slowly with Mo Chen. After all, they missed the good opportunity of testing, and now they are only testing for them alone.

"Master, what did you say you sensed just now?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

On the small road where he got off the ferry, he felt an eerie and eerie aura. If it wasn't for the reminder from his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan wouldn't have found it.

"That thing, if I guessed correctly, the breath should be unique to the creatures in the ghost world."

"We will turn it into a ghost." The Golden Dragon King also said indifferently.

"Ghost energy?" Xiao Yan also said in surprise, obviously he was quite puzzled when he heard this title for the first time.

"The so-called ghost qi is the same as the energy in you, but it is called fighting qi in you."

"However, this ghost energy is extremely eerie and strange. Once it is invaded into the body, it will affect the mind if it is serious." The Golden Dragon King also explained.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also suddenly enlightened.

"How come the ghosts of this ghost world are here in Xuan Santian, and will the population they use have something to do with them..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"Hey hey, these are not your worries. What you have to do now is to join the Burning Incense Pavilion through selection after the test. As for the missing matter, Wu Jiang will naturally handle it."

"But you have to be careful yourself. After all, the ghosts of the ghost world will appear here, and there must be some conspiracy from them."

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded.

"What's wrong?" Yue Ru also watched Xiao Yan laugh and frown for a while, but the second monk was really confused, so he asked aloud.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan was also afraid of being discovered, and tried his best to cover it up.

Liu Yin on the side and Xiao Han on her shoulders were also looking around, apparently it was this strange place that made them feel quite fresh.

A few other people followed Mo Chen without saying a word.

As the footsteps got closer, a rather luxurious house appeared in front of everyone.

"It's here, come in." Mo Chen also said to everyone with a smile.

Everyone also walked into the luxurious house one after another.

As soon as I entered the luxurious room, I didn't see the many gold and silver treasures I imagined. There were just many crystal **** and some I didn't know what they were, but at a glance I knew they were tools for detection. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: