Chapter Vol 4 1513: Use the Thor Scroll!

"This is……"

"The Gate of Dawn Light of the Supreme Being of Light?" Seeing the dazzling light of dawn slowly bursting out, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body couldn't help but lose his voice.

"The Supreme of Light?"

"Chenxiguangmen?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately saw that the Didusha standing beside him was standing still, and he couldn't help but turn his eyes towards the two souls and Xiao Gui.

In the mausoleum combined with the previous Tianwangzang, there are also light-type powerhouses left, and there are other thoughts in my heart.

"Crash!" The special place in the center of the dark space, which was wrapped in turquoise, was actually replaced by a white dawn. In the white dawn, a sacred and solemn pure breath slowly emerged. , Under the emergence of this kind of breath, even if it is Earth Poison Temple, the breath in the body is suppressed by many. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

Wrapped in this breath, the hall under the turquoise light suddenly became blurred, and it was obviously completely suppressed by such a tyrannical force of imprisonment.

"My queen..." Feeling this unrivaled white dawn, the corners of Di Dusha's mouth slowly wriggled, and he said with difficulty.

The purpose of suppressing the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is to suppress the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, and the Qiankun Ancient Array outside is basically just to suppress itself. Only the Dawn Light Gate is specially designed to deal with the suppression of the Demon Queen of the Poison Temple!

With this kind of dharma formation that the light-type powerhouse exerts with all his strength, even if it is as tyrannical as the four-star Dou Xian of the Poison Temple, there is nothing that can be done for a while.

"I never imagined that the Demon Empress of the Poison Brake would actually consume two such tyrannical formations." After a short while, the Soul Eater also calmed down and said.

"The highest and lowest strength of the light system is also located in the six-star fighting immortals, and most of them come from the Holy See."

"As for the Dawn Light Gate, it is a tyrannical method that only the light-type powerhouse can use. With the existence of this seal formation, some dark and evil auras will be suppressed as much as possible."

"It's just that this Devil Town Prison is actually filled with the power of light-type powerhouses. It seems that the master of the plane of the ghost sky has a good relationship with the Holy See. Otherwise, it would be difficult to ask the powerhouses of the Holy See to take action. Heaven." The Lord of Soul Eater said slowly, with an incredible look in his voice.

"Be careful for a while, if you don't lose, just do everything you can, a ground poisonous brake with less than five-star fighting power, although you can't kill him now, but it's not difficult to avoid being killed by him, after all, you There are treasures in the body."

"As for my shot, I need all of them to leave the Demon Suppression Prison, otherwise once my identity is exposed, I will mistake you for going to Li Soul Realm to get Acacia Broken Enteritis, and it will affect our Soul Devouring Realm against Li Soul. The attack of the domain." Lord Soul Eater opened his mouth.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words.

"Now, don't be in a hurry and exit." Seeing the emergence of the Gate of Light of the Morning Light, Xiao Yan also knew that it was useless here. , is not their opponent.

"Xiao Gui, go!" With an exclamation, the speed of the two bodies soared and they blasted away at the outside world.

"Didusha, I can decipher this formation, as long as you help me kill these two guys!" Looking at the hall in front of him, which was blurred by the white light, the soul is also clear, and now the distance is far away It is only one step away from releasing the Demon Empress of the Poison Brake. If I don't seize the opportunity this time, I am afraid there will be no chance in the future.

"Is this true?" Di Dusha heard the words, and his face was overjoyed. After all, although the strength of this ghost is weak, there is a rather strange power in its body.

"Do it!" Without any hesitation, the ghost directly sat down cross-legged, and then the dazzling ghost energy turned into a black fog that covered the sky, completely wrapping his body.

And above those black mists, circles of blood-colored patterns appeared quietly. Under this kind of blood-colored patterns, even the Earth Poison Temple felt a terrifying power.

"This guy, it's really feasible!" Di Dusha, who was still hesitant just now, looked at Soul Evil and made a move. He didn't hesitate immediately, his body moved, and he stopped directly in front of Xiao Yan and the two.

"As entrusted by others, I will take your two lives today." In an instant, Di Dusha's face became distorted, a dignified sense of oppression emerged directly from his body, and then attacked Xiao Yan and the two of them. go.

"Brother, you go first, I'll deal with him!" Seeing that the two were stopped directly, Xiao Gui also knew that the situation was extremely urgent, and immediately frowned and shouted.

"Although it's a bit reluctant, but for the sake of that guy, this is the only way to do it." Xiao Yan protected Xiao Gui behind him, and a scroll of thunder slowly emerged in his hand. On the scroll of thunder, there was a terrifying thunder that was strong enough to resist the tyranny of the Five Star Fighting Immortals. , slowly lingering.

It is a thunder **** scroll that is strong enough to resist any attack by a powerhouse below the five-star fighting immortal!

For the current Xiao Yan, this thing is a magical skill. When he was in the tomb of the Heavenly King, he was not willing to use it because he had the remnant soul of the Heavenly King, but now, I am afraid that he cannot hide it.

After all, only with the help of the hand of the evil spirits, the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple can be completely released, and all the powerhouses of the four continents can be driven away. In that case, the Lord of Soul Eater will have a chance to take action.

And what Xiao Yan needs to do now is to get out of here and go out to wipe out the powerhouses of the Soul Society and Soul Palace.

"Suffer to death!" In an instant, there was a trace of green evil aura above the body of the poisonous sword, beating cheerfully like a flame spirit, and under the beating of this power, the holy flame heart in Xiao Yan's body trembled violently, Even Sheng Yan shuddered. Obviously, with Xiao Yan's current strength, it is still too reluctant to deal with Earth Poison Sha!

"Boom!" Without any bells and whistles, the Earth Poison Brac pushed his hands towards the void where Xiao Yan and the two were, and suddenly the fatal blow that gathered Earth Poison Brake's entire body with the evil poisonous gas turned into a single blow. The green bow swirls, like lightning, and shoots wildly at the two of them. With the full force of a four-star Dou Xian perfected powerhouse, even a four-star Dou Xian powerhouse will probably only be bleak.

"Big brother, let's go!" Xiao Gui naturally didn't know the trump card in Xiao Yan's heart, and immediately looked at the whistling green bow, a strange ghost aura emerged in his body, and a smug look of death appeared proudly.

"go!"

"Don't look back!" At this moment, Xiao Yan grabbed Xiao Gui with one hand, then his speed skyrocketed, and he ran away directly towards the outside.

"Die!" Di Dusha seemed to enjoy watching this annihilated situation, and immediately ignored the Thor scroll that fell from Xiao Yan's hands, and said with a smile.

"Boom!" The seemingly weak Thunder God scroll just left Xiao Yan's palm, and it was completely ignited like fireworks. The dazzling gray thunder spread rapidly at a speed visible to the naked eye, and it swept the entire space in an instant!

"How could it be possible..." Di Dusha, who didn't notice it at first, watched this scene, and couldn't help but feel a sense of astonishment in his heart. The gray thunder that emerged from the Thunder Scroll turned out to have the power to destroy himself! The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Boom!" The tyrannical green bow was slowly eaten away by the gray thunder.

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, the seemingly incomparable green bow swirl easily hit the countless gray thunderbolts, without any energy ripples, it was completely swallowed and wiped out, and the remaining The gray thunderbolt, with a terrifying offensive, attacked the ground poisonous brake. For a time, the ground poisonous brake, which was as strong as a four-star fighting fairy, was actually thrown into a thunderous scroll by Xiao Yan, and it was extremely embarrassing.