Chapter 578: Gorefiend Gold Qi enters the body!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan and Yan both controlled the flames, constantly suppressing the blood demon qi and blood mist, trying to directly use the power of holy flame and different fire to directly obliterate this blood demon left guard!

But what the two of them didn't expect was that there was a trace of an extremely evil aura born in this Gorefiend Left Guard!

Purple-gold blood demon energy, among the entire blood demon clan, probably only the legendary blood demon envoy possessed some.

The Gorefiend is hidden, few people know his whereabouts, but his strength is much stronger than this Gorefiend Left Guard.

"Come on!" With the last blow of the Gorefiend Left Guard, fighting against the threat of falling, he directly used the last trace of the purple-gold light beam in his body.

Xiao Yan moved, Xiao Yan couldn't care about so much, so he had to cut off the connection with Ji Huhu Lian in an instant, a mouthful of blood spurted out directly, and as Xiao Yan suddenly cut off the connection with Ji Hu Hu Lian, his soul power was faintly weak. After a few minutes, it was obviously damaged.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan's figure moved instantly, and then on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him, Long Yi's huge dragon body slowly swayed, and his half-immortal strength was undoubtedly on display!

"En?" Immortal Master Crazy Wood was already ready to vanish, but how could he have expected Xiao Yan to be so bold and careful, he burst out and came to save himself!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan directly shook the Mad Wood Immortal Master away with one hand, and then held the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler tightly with both hands, a fierce aura emanated from Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan knew clearly that this purple-gold blood demon energy was the most powerful aura of the blood demon clan. If a little bit penetrated into the body, the consequences would be unimaginable.

"Elder Long!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then Long Yi, who was hovering above the ancient ruler of the eternal fire, instantly appeared a fiery red strange fire on his body!

This is impressively Long Yi's geocentric flames, possessing the terrifying power of grasping the core rocks!

"I will do my best!" Long Yi heard the words, and a dignified feeling emerged in his heart. Although Long Yi was also a strong fighting immortal before his death, after all, after all, his strength is only a mere half-immortal, and it is undoubtedly extremely difficult to deal with this extraterritorial evil clan. strenuous.

"Boy, you are courting death!"

"Go away for Benwei!" Above the purple-gold blood demonic energy, a disdainful voice suddenly sounded!

"Come on!" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, his whole body was burning to the limit, and there was a rare look in his eyes!

The ancient ruler of different fires in his hand emits a dazzling light, and Long Yi's huge body is also attached to it!

"Gorefiend... devours the heart!" The Gorefiend Zuowei realized that the body behind him was being destroyed by Yan, and immediately raised his head to the sky and let out a long roar, and then without hesitation, the purple-gold blood demonic energy directly ignored Xiao Yan, and his breath The strength is probably what Xiao Yan has seen in his life!

"Kid, be careful!" Seeing this, Yan felt anxious, but just when Yan wanted to use the power of holy flame to help Xiao Yan, he found that the Gorefiend Left Guard body, who was about to be destroyed, had been resurrected. He had to give up immediately, and then said to the place where Xiao Yan and Immortal Master Kuangmu were located: "Good boy, although I promised you in the manor and manor, this holy flame is none other than you, but at this time You, this courage and character, are enough to obtain this holy flame!"

After Yan finished speaking, his eyes disappeared instantly, and a stream of khaki holy flames directly and continuously wiped out the black blood demon energy that the Gorefiend Left Guard transformed into!

"Xiao Yan, don't!" The next moment, Shan Ling, who was protected by the huge body of the snake torture, suddenly loosened her pupils, and a tear dripped down involuntarily!

When Shanyao saw this, she was quite puzzled, but following Shanling's gaze, a shocking scene appeared in front of Shanyao.

"Brother Xiao Yan, you can't be in trouble!" Shanyao's beautiful eyes stared at the battle between Xiao Yan and the purple-gold blood demonic energy in the arena.

"Boom!" Immortal Madwood was shocked by Xiao Yan, and immediately the purple-gold blood demon energy that was going to attack Immortal Madwood suddenly attacked Xiao Yan!

When he was three meters away from Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan lifted the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng in an instant, and a terrifying force appeared, and immediately smashed the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng against the purple-gold blood demon energy!

"Shabu!" The purple-gold blood demonic energy in the sky slowly collided with Xiao Yan's Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler!

Everyone saw that the purple-gold blood demon energy with a mighty aura, constantly forcing Xiao Yan back, Xiao Yan's forehead showed many beads of sweat, and even his footsteps moved back slightly!

On the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, which was firmly held by both hands, Long Yi's whole body was fiery red, and a fiery red power of Eternal Fire appeared around Long Yi. On top of this ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, Xiao Yan's two Thirteen kinds of different fire power, when facing this purple-gold blood demon energy, there is a feeling of powerlessness!

"Cough cough cough..."

"As expected of the power possessed by the strongest of the Gorefiends, it is indeed extremely evil!" Xiao Yan coughed violently a few times, and then a few mouthfuls of blood coughed out instantly, which was quite shocking!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boy, go to hell!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to escape, the purple-gold blood demonic energy suddenly shrank violently, and then the next moment, it suddenly exploded three meters in front of Xiao Yan!

"Not good!" Even the vast majority of the power of the purple-gold blood demonic energy was blocked by Long Yi, and Xiao Yan's pressure suddenly increased greatly!

"not good!"

"Xiao Yan, run!" Before Xiao Yan could make a move, after the purple-gold blood demonic energy exploded, an extremely terrifying blood-colored storm formed in the center of the explosion, which swept away instantly!

A touch of fear of doomsday poured into Xiao Yan's heart!

"Shabu!" Just as Xiao Yan hesitated for a second, in the blood-colored storm at the center of the explosion, a trace of indescribable pure power slowly flowed out, with an unstoppable aura, directly facing the weak state. Xiao Yan burst out!

"Xiao Yan be careful!" Although Immortal Master Crazy Wood used an enormous amount of power, his perception was different from ordinary people He knew the source of that purple-golden power in an instant!

This is the most malicious trick of the Gorefiends!

Blood Demon Gold Qi!

A kind of power that resides in the human body, a vicious trick that can be transformed into its own power by constantly devouring human vindictiveness!

If it is controlled by this blood demon golden energy, then I am afraid that it will turn into a foreign evil race!

"Damn it, it's too late!" Immortal Master Crazy Wood said, a trace of remorse flashed in his eyes!

Now that he is clearly a fallen body, this kid still sacrificed himself so much to save himself. Thinking of Xiao Yan's friendliness to the two of Shan Ling just now, he couldn't help feeling a little shocked.

"Xiao Yan, run!" Shan Ling used all her life's strength to shout this sentence, and her heart suddenly trembled!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan scolded secretly, because Xiao Yan knew that this Long Yi had just been protecting himself, and he was no longer able to do what he wanted. Now, the blood demon gold qi, I am afraid that he can only rely on himself!

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire!"

"Huangquan's finger, Huangquan's palm, Huangquan's anger!"

"Great Heaven's Fortune Palm!"

"Break it for me!" At this time, Xiao Yan pushed both palms towards the front at the same time, and on his forehead, an obscure rune slowly flashed!

"Boom boom boom!" Gorefiend Jin Qi seemed to ignore Xiao Yan's many attacks and directly hit Xiao Yan's body!

Immediately above Xiao Yan's body, there was a convulsion, and a mouthful of blood suddenly spurted out!

Ask for tickets!