Chapter Vol 4 1941: 1 person 1 shot, kill 3 kings!

"Boom!" In the entire sky, countless gloomy blood colors swept out!

It's just that this blood energy is completely different from the evil blood energy of the Night King and others, because this blood color emerged from the demon emperor. There is no evil power in the blood energy, but it is just like a bottomless pit.

"Here the spear!" Zaidu snorted coldly, and immediately countless blood-colored demonic qi materialized directly in front of the demon emperor. A blood-colored spear appeared in the demon emperor's hand. Although it was just an energy state and not an entity, it was extremely excited. , humming-like shaking, a domineering arrogance that surpassed all things, invaded.

The blood-colored spear is impressively the third of the top ten weapons in the demon world, the sky-splitting demon spear!

The sky-splitting demon spear shone with blood, highlighting the arrogance of an overlord. The whole body was more than three feet long. Numerous ancient and complex patterns were carved on it, forming a total of ten different patterns of alien beasts!

The ten alien beasts alone are enough to rank among the top ranks of the demon world, and the power they contain is even more evident from the world. In a flick of the wave, the world lost its voice.

"Condensing the phantom of the artifact with demon power?"

"This guy's power has actually survived the fourth or even the fifth reincarnation calamity?"

"How is that possible?" At this moment, the power in the body of the Night King disappeared rapidly because of the explosion of the blood crystal, but with the shroud of the surrounding night world, he was barely able to perform some attacks, but when he saw the demon emperor's posture, a Time froze.

This tyrannical weapon disappeared as early as after the demon emperor was sealed. Now that the demon emperor has just broken the seal, it is absolutely impossible to retrieve it. Even so, the demon emperor actually used his own demon power to directly transform into the form of a tyrant weapon. Compared with the real bully weapon, there are many gaps, but it is enough to deal with yourself!

What kind of affinity and monstrous demon power does this kind of handwriting require?

It seems that not only the three of them have increased their strength due to the suppression of the seal, but the arc of the demon emperor's growth is even more staggering!

"King, what are we doing now?" At this time, Shui Huo Shuang Sha suddenly felt a coldness that was infinitely close to death from the Demon Emperor's body and the Demon Spear in his hand, and immediately hesitated, they understood that if they didn't take some measures in time , I am afraid that they will face a collapse, because this evil formation has no threat to the demon emperor with the disappearance of the blood crystal of the night king. On the other hand, the terrorist offensive that the demon emperor is brewing now is enough to easily kill them!

Obviously, because the Night King was too arrogant, he tried to devour dozens of demon world powerhouses to supplement himself with the original blood crystal, which made a big mistake!

"The strongest blow!"

"I don't believe that this guy's power has not declined in any way because of the seal!" There was a resolute taste in the dark night king's eyes, and immediately, a red blood glow of **** power emerged all over his body. .

The red blood awn dedicated to the Red King contains the power of the night of the Night King. With the power of the remaining two White Kings, I am afraid it is enough to compete with the Demon Emperor!

"Blood sacrifice, the gift of the night!"

"Water Festival, Yixiu Shuihao!"

"Fire Festival, Flame Burial!"

Three mighty voices, with three completely different evil auras, vented out from this realm of night that has been shrouded by the Night King, and the power contained in them is enough to tear the world apart and make the world feel for it Sincerely.

"Lord..." At this moment, the dozens of demon world powers below held their breaths in their hearts, staring blankly at the immortal figure of the demon emperor in the sky, whispering softly.

Although Tianxiong Tyrant and White Bone Demon King were very hostile in their hearts, with the appearance of the Demon Emperor, they also eliminated all other distractions in their hearts, because they followed the Demon Emperor to fight in the Quartet, and they knew the Demon Emperor's tyranny!

The demon emperor is out, and they still have the qualifications to compete for the demon world. Now that the demon emperor is broken, all conspiracies can only be dissipated. All this is only because of the extremely terrifying power of the demon emperor and the shock of his indestructible body.

Countless years ago, the first battle of heaven and earth was like this. The entire demon world was beaten by the army of foreign evil tribes. It was the demon emperor who turned the tide.

"This scene is surprisingly similar."

"But our world is not a place where you rotten bugs can trample at will."

"And our demon world is definitely not a place where your extraterritorial evil clan can bully!"

"To this emperor, fall here completely!" The mighty voice tilted down like a domineering sky.

"Kill me!" The three cold hums were intertwined, and the three evil attacks were also condensed together, forming a veil of sky, followed by a ferocious monster with a size of ten thousand feet, piercing the void with its teeth and claws, crossing the night, right The demon emperor in the sky blasted away, and his appearance was no less than the arrival of a real demon, coveting the fertile land of the demon world, waving and trampling, life was covered in charcoal, blood flowed into rivers!

"Splitting the sky!" Seeing the curtain of the sky and the demonic shadow roaring together, the demon emperor smiled coldly. Immediately, the sky-splitting demon spear standing in front of him erupted with a dazzling demonic energy, which was directly squeezed by the demon emperor. Holding it in his hand, his posture is contemptuous, and he collapses in the air, his body's strength shrinks to the limit, and he swipes at the latter abruptly!

"Boom!" In an instant, a blood-colored crack, with an incomparably loud and domineering demonic aura, fell off the demon spear in a high-profile manner and blasted away at the ghost.

"Kacha!" The two collided without any hesitation, but all the defenses of the phantom shadow were in vain, and it was suddenly pierced by the blood-colored crack!

"Ahhh!"

"Impossible!" At this moment, a sinister and malicious voice emerged from the mouth of the Night King!

One blow, just one blow, the strongest blow of the three of them was cracked by the demon emperor!

At this moment, the Night King just felt why this demon emperor is the most talented one since the demon world was established.

I am afraid that the strength of the demon emperor has surpassed himself by too much now!

"King!"

"Let's go!" Watching this scene, the water and fire were venting their auras, and they directly exploded with surging evil power, trying to stop the Demon Emperor's attack and buy time for the Night King to escape.

"ended!"

"Ten beasts split the sky!" Seeing the attack of the three being broken, the breath in the body became dying, the demon emperor snorted coldly, and the demon spear in his hand turned into a giant shadow of ten extremely overbearing demon beasts roared away at the three.

"Tear off!"

"Kacha!" No matter how ferocious the water and fire Shuangsha was, he was besieged by ten domineering monsters, the flesh and blood on his body was bitten off, and the evil power was entangled by the monster energy, unable to exert any power.

At this moment, to welcome them, only destruction.

"Kacha!" After a while, the ten beasts completely devoured the water and fire and the two evil spirits, and immediately their bodies swelled and went towards the chest of the night king who was about to escape. It was pierced and swallowed by it.

Obviously, the power of the ten alien beasts condensed from the sky-splitting demon spear is comparable to the reincarnation powerhouse!

In just a few minutes before and after, the two mighty white kings and the evil night king were completely destroyed by the demon emperor's hands.

Demon Emperor Overlord, Sky Splitting Demon Spear.

A generation of demon emperors, well deserved.