Chapter 589: The disappearance of desert mountains

"This guy..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something.

Because Xiao Yan didn't know why this flaming beast appeared in his Dou Qi sea, but Xiao Yan was certain that the origin of this flaming beast must be related to the power of twenty-three kinds of different fires in his body!

"Hohohoho!" The flaming beast suddenly screamed, as if to swear an oath of sovereignty.

The flaming beast seems to say again, this sea of ​​fighting qi is my territory, you can go back wherever you come from!

The khaki-yellow Saint Flame Crystal, exuding a desolate aura, exuded a trace of extremely weak power in disdain when he heard the words, and blasted away at the flaming beast!

This blow may seem simple, but the power of holy flame contained in it, I am afraid that ordinary six-star fighting emperors are extremely resistant!

"Pfft!" When the flame beast saw this, there was a hint of doubt in the prismatic pupil, and then just when the power of the khaki holy flame was just about to attack itself, the beast opened its mouth and directly smashed the soil into it. The power of the yellow holy flame was swallowed down!

After swallowing this trace of holy flame, twenty-three kinds of different fire powers suddenly appeared on the beast of flames, very gorgeous!

"The next step is the most critical step!" Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then directly released the holy flame power in the holy flame crystal!

This fierce flame beast is Xiao Yan's sea of ​​fighting qi!

Although he didn't know the specific reason for the disappearance of his Dou Qi Sea, Xiao Yan was sure that the Dou Qi in the Dou Qi Sea seemed to be swallowed up by this fiery beast!

Dou Di's cultivation is basically to compress the Dou Qi Sea, so if you want to improve your strength, it is tantamount to compressing the size of this flaming beast. Only when it is compressed to a certain extent can you advance!

"Boom boom boom!" The huge khaki-yellow holy flame power was just released, and a rather happy look suddenly appeared on the small face of the flaming beast!

Then, without waiting for Xiao Yan to make a sound, he opened his mouth and swallowed the power of holy flame!

He swallowed and vomited, the power of the holy flame was slowly refining, and even Xiao Yan felt that his strength, which had stopped at the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, had made some progress!

Moreover, Xiao Yan can feel that this incomparably powerful holy flame is as weak as a child who does not live up to expectations in front of the beast of flames!

"I never imagined that the incomparably powerful holy flame in the past would be swallowed up by me so easily today." Xiao Yan laughed at himself, and then he didn't say anything, just sat cross-legged.

Because the time required to refine the holy flame's power is definitely not short, Xiao Yan is not in a hurry.

In another part of the desert mountain range, there are dozens of wooden stakes, and above them are some futons used for meditation.

On the futon, Xiao Yi, Mu Yingying, Lu Di, and Mu Feng appeared here.

The emperor's aura here is quite strong, and the aura of the five people has become much stronger.

"With this breath, it seems that Big Brother should have succeeded." Xiao Yi felt the power of the strange fire in her body that was connected to Xiao Yan was slowly increasing, so she spoke first and then suddenly opened her eyes.

"Did he succeed?" Mu Yingying felt Xiao Yi's change, and immediately a white mist appeared above her slightly beautiful eyes.

The next moment, the nearby mountains suddenly trembled!

"Boom boom boom!"

"What's wrong?" Mu Feng was immediately puzzled when he heard the words.

"Let's go, since the holy flame has been subdued, the next refining process will definitely take a long time, and the extraterrestrial evil clan has also been eliminated, and this mountain range is about to collapse." Xiao Yi looked at the shaking desert. Mountain Road.

"I hope he's all right." Mu Yingying glanced at the top of the desert mountain range and muttered.

"Don't worry, eldest brother can conquer even the holy flames, not to mention that the mere desert mountains can't beat him." Xiao Yi said, and without hesitation, her figure exploded directly and flew towards a certain exit!

When the few people on the side saw this, they immediately nodded and followed, leaving only Mu Yingying at the end.

"Why do I always feel that there is something at the top of this desert mountain range..."

"That thing is countless times stronger than the Gorefiend Left Guard..."

"Is it an illusion?" Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, and after a brief hesitation, she had no choice but to follow!

"Looks like this kid has succeeded!" Another place in the desert mountain range.

Yan took Xiaoyi and the others to a good place for cultivation, then came back to get some things left by Immortal Master Madwood, and then took Shanyao and Shanling to prepare to leave here.

"Follow us too." Yan said to the snake.

"Okay!" Snake Xing still admired this rock very much, with a hint of excitement flashing in his eyes, and agreed.

"Brother Xiao Yan, the next time we meet, I will become very strong!" Shanyao glanced at the top of the desert mountain range, where, at this moment, there are flames everywhere!

"Let's go, this place is about to collapse."

"Don't worry, this little guy will definitely shine." Yan smiled slowly.

"Haha, in the human world?"

"You imprisoned all the people of the Xiao clan, but you never imagined that their Xiao clan were not native residents of Doudi Continent."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I'm really looking forward to this little guy on Doudi Continent." Because Yan believes that the people of the Xiao family will definitely make this world lively!

As soon as the voice fell, beside Yan, the yellow Dou Qi directly wrapped several people, then turned into a meteor and disappeared into the desert mountain range!

In the depths of the lonely desert of death, bursts of huge dust erupted instantly, and it also contained some flame power faintly!

"what happened?"

"Humans are attacking again?" The Medusa tribe, Mei Lan ran all the way, came to the snake king and said.

"no……"

"Why does this feel a bit like the rumored desert mountain range?" The Snake King spoke slowly, but fell into contemplation!

Many people know about the treasures contained in the desert mountains, but no one dares to enter it. I am afraid that the secrets are very well known.

"Desert mountains?" When Mei Lan heard the words, her eyes lit up.

"Go on, send someone to check the vicinity of this desert mountain range, once there are survivors!"

"Stay alive!"

"In addition, after sending people to keep an eye on the Temple of Medusa, I always feel that there will be a big movement inside recently!" After the Snake King finished speaking, looking at the collapsed desert, his eyes became hollow!

"Yes!" Meilan heard the words and went straight down.

The Xuanling Royal Family!

"Why hasn't Xuanling King returned?"

"Isn't something wrong?"

"After they went to the desert of death, only Qin Tian and the others came back..."

"Could it be that Qin Tian wants to..." Intermittent voices came.

"If you have something to report, you can go back to the DPRK!" Qin Tian was above the first place and said calmly.

"Hey, let's go." A group of civil and military officials looked at each other, and immediately retreated helplessly!

With the retreat of the civil and military officials, the medicine core slowly appeared beside Qin Tian: "Captain, do you want to go to the desert of death again?"

"No, that guy from King Xuanling didn't die so easily."

"Just wait." Qin Tian said lightly, and then walked out of the lobby.

"These little guys, I hope nothing happens." On the edge of the desert, an old man spoke slowly.

Immediately, the old man took out a few wooden tokens. On the wooden tokens, the soul powers of Xiao Yan's five people were all shining abnormally.

"Although the desert mountains are dangerous and love you a lot, and there may even be the existence of aliens, but the things inside are the real treasures for you."

"It's only seven years away from the Zongmen Grand Competition... I wonder if this time the Zongmen Grand Competition, can your kid let us shake the Fenxiang Pavilion for three days!" Elder Zhu spoke slowly.

Ask for tickets!