Chapter Vol 4 1388: The battle of 5 stars fighting immortals!

"This guy..." As the voice of Youhuan fell, the bodies of Youzun and Huanzun suddenly became illusory, and then Youhuan opened his huge black mouth, and a tyrannical suction force suddenly gave the two to him. Inhale into the abdomen.

"The aura of You Zun and Huan Zun... disappeared..." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying looking at the battle of that level in the sky.

"Youhuan's strength... also skyrocketed..." Du Qifei also noticed something, her beautiful eyes flickered slightly, filled with a trace of worry.

"You Huan... You Zun Huan Zun..."

"It turns out that they are just the power scattered from your body... Now you are at your peak, right?" Duo Tianhong didn't seem to be surprised, looking at the sky, the dark blue and emerald green evil auras constantly surrounded , the ghostly fantasy with soaring breath, murmured.

This kind of fusion takes an extremely fast time. Even if Duo Tianhong makes a move, he can't stop it. Not to mention Duo Tianhong has other plans, so naturally he will not easily stop their fusion.

"Boom!" After a while, roars resounded in this Thunder World, and even above the Thunder World, a thousand-zhang-sized vortex space suddenly appeared. The cyan and emerald-green rays of light are very enchanting like the light of extinction, completely shrouding his figure, and even the strength of the ghostly sky has skyrocketed. The reason is probably caused by the complete devotion of the two subordinates.

"Five Stars Fighting Immortals..." Duo Tianhong's body squirmed slightly, his eyes slightly looking at the ghostly aura hidden in the high-altitude vortex.

"Boom!"

"Duan Tianhong, this time, let's count the new hatred and the old hatred together." The next moment, in the high-altitude whirlpool, the evil auras rolled like a river of blood, and it was not even the power of thunder in this thunder world. Comparable!

However, when the two-colored rays of light attacked Duo Tianhong with an evil aura like a river of blood, in the Thunder World, countless thunderbolts actually formed a round of Thunder Sun beside his whirlpool!

Lei Ri appeared in the world, like a god, suppressing the ghostly aura, and even around the evil vortex, silver chains of thunder with a size of a hundred meters slowly emerged.

"Give me a bundle!" A cold snort emerged directly from the corner of Duo Tianhong's mouth, and then the thunderbolts, like soldiers who had received orders, burst into the evil vortex with a fearless fighting intent.

"Give me back!" At this moment, the power of the ghosts has greatly increased, and naturally he is not afraid of Du Tianhong. He also shouted loudly. The dazzling cyan and emerald green energy is directly in the evil vortex, and the silver thunder chains are constantly entangled. .

"This power of thunder... so tyrannical."

"However, Youhuan has completely devoured the two venerable powerhouses, and their strength should be almost the same as Du Tianhong." Xiao Yan's eyes followed the chains of silver thunder, and his eyes were locked on the depths of the evil vortex. The dark cyan and emerald green two-color evil rays of light, but as time went by, a wisp of silver thunder that purifies all things suddenly emerged from it, but in the depths of the evil vortex, there seems to be something resisting the forging sky. Hung's attack.

"Amazing!"

"What is this..." Xiao Yan's huge soul power couldn't help but emerge, trying to explore the inside of the evil vortex, but after going deeper, a chill that penetrated his heart filled Xiao Yan's body.

"Xiao Yan be careful!" At the next moment, Duan Tianhong roared, and then the dazzling silver lightning lock shot directly at Xiao Yan.

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, a suffocating two-color evil wave slowly emerged on the surface of Xiao Yan's body, and just as he was about to hit Xiao Yan, he was struck by silver The lightning lock was instantly broken.

This level of evil fluctuations, if it were not for Du Tianhong's protection, Xiao Yan's consequences would be unimaginable.

"You back away!" A force of force directly shocked Xiao Yan and Du Qifei by several hundred meters, leaving the fighting range.

"That ghost seems to be using the cover of the evil vortex to brew some ultimate move." Xiao Yan said calmly.

"Do not worry……"

"Daddy is very powerful." Duo Qifei smiled contentedly, but the next moment, the Thunder Emperor's scepter in his hand also burst into flames, and the source of this was Du Tianhong.

"Father, go on!" With a coquettish anger, Lei Di's scepter fell off Duo Qifei's hand and shot towards Duan Tianhong.

"It's good to come." Duan Tianhong had just caught the Lei Di scepter, and suddenly this space changed.

"Boom!" Countless huge thunders suddenly radiated from the Thunder Emperor's scepter, and the man who held the Thunder Emperor's scepter also had a circle of mysterious lines. Obviously, with Lei Di's power With the return of the rod, Duo Tianhong's mastery of the power of thunder has reached a new level.

The man on the patterned halo slowly closed his eyes and held the Lei Di scepter tightly. His hair instantly turned silvery white, and even above his hair, wisps of tyrannical current continued to emerge, that kind of terrifying. Volatile, heart palpitating.

"You Huan, one move will determine the outcome." After a while, Duo Tianhong's pupils slowly opened, and his eyes showed a strange silver color, as if there was something shocking in his eyes. Thunder World.

After Duo Tianhong had mastered the Lei Di Scepter and the power of the Lei Hong Emperor that he had absorbed, at this time, he was tantamount to having obtained the true inheritance of the Lei Hong Emperor!

While Du Tianhong was in such a state, Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the thunder in this thunder world seemed to be quiet...

Under that quietness, there is a kind of frenzy that is close to madness, as if waiting, calling, and obeying their king's... orders!

"If that's the case... then come on!" You Huan in the evil vortex also snorted coldly, and then the light of the two-color evil force kept squirming, instantly shattering the chains of thunder.

"Lei." An understated voice, with a hint of laziness, slowly emerged from Duan Tianhong's mouth.

Following Duo Tianhong's actions, the thunder in the entire Thunder World immediately gathered towards the Thunder Emperor's scepter, and the power on it was probably enough to easily obliterate any five-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse.

"Devil Heart and Evil Eyes!" And looking at Du Tianhong's method, countless evil auras rolled over and over in the evil whirlpool, and finally, under the watchful eyes of a few people, they suddenly shrank, and then turned into two slap-sized creatures. Strange pupils!

Above the two pupils are the dark blue light and the emerald green light, but no matter which one it is, the energy it contains is enough to destroy the world!

"Tianlei, prison!" A sound of breaking wind, with a strong breath of the Thunder King, slowly permeated this world. At the same time, Duo Tianhong's silver pupils locked tightly on the deep evil vortex. The two-color pupil in the middle, and the Lei Di scepter in his hand suddenly pointed.

The battle between the two five-star fighting immortals was so terrifying!

: . :