Chapter Vol 4 1246: Back to the city

"This little beast!" The corners of the Fifth Elder's mouth suddenly solidified, and the fiery red grudge formed a barrier on his face, trying to resist Xiao Yan's attack.

But the fifth elder still looked down on Xiao Yan too much. No matter how he defended, Xiao Yan's attack came to him instantly.

"Boom!" The dazzling flames formed seven huge flame rulers, and then exploded directly in this space.

"Ahhh!" Even if the fifth elder was a late stage two-star Dou Xian, after being hit by such a tyrannical attack by Xiao Yan, he suddenly screamed.

"Retreat!" The five elders stopped Xiao Yan's attack. Although he suffered some injuries, it was not fatal. His eyes slowly fixed on Xiao Yan, wishing to swallow Xiao Yan half alive and weigh it. Still speaking.

Shabu Shabu! As soon as the Fifth Elder finished speaking, he immediately retreated from the Duanhun Cave with a group of people from Dry Leaf Zhai.

"Don't chase, Your Excellency." Seeing Kuyezhai and the others retreating because of Xiao Yan's shock, Yu Ran Ran hurriedly said.

Xiao Yan's strength is indeed not bad. If it weren't for the fighting ability displayed by Xiao Yan, I am afraid that the people of Kuye Zhai would not have retreated.

However, only Xiao Yan knew that although he suppressed the fifth elders in terms of the strength of their attributes, the difference in strength between the two was not a little bit.

"Are you all alright?" After confirming the departure of the people from Kuye Zhai, Xiao Yan asked in front of Yu Ran Ran's two daughters.

I have to say that Yu Ran Ran and Yu Wei are really sisters. The elder sister is hot and rough, and the younger sister is gentle, and each has a different scenery.

"We're fine..."

"Next, I'll go back to the city first, after all, I have something very important in my hands." Yu Ran Ran glanced at Xiao Yan and said cheerfully.

"Sister, this guy is also going to participate in the East Continent Competition." Seeing Yu Ran Ran with a hint of doubt in her heart, Yu Wei said.

"The space teleportation formation is damaged, but with the materials, it can be repaired soon. If you don't dislike it, then come back to Yecheng with us." Yu Ran said.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan smiled lightly, without saying much, he left Duanhun Cave and waited for them outside.

"Does this guy know the details?" Seeing Xiao Yan like this, Yu Ran Ran couldn't help but ask Yu.

"Sister, the details of this guy shouldn't be a bad person. Deacon Ye and several others were directly obliterated by him. In addition, he just dealt with Ye Sheng and their five elders." Yu Wei explained.

"I was chased by Deacon Ye at the time, and I couldn't mobilize the power in my body. I happened to meet him. After communicating with him, he decided to help me. Maybe this guy just wanted to use the space teleportation array to go to Dongzhou. After all, whether it is walking Or take the flying soul beast and rush to Dongzhou from here, it is too late." Yuwei said.

"The damage to the space teleportation formation is probably not a natural phenomenon, so you must be careful." Yu Ran Ran said softly.

"Sister, you mean..." Yuwei's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, as if she sensed something.

"There is no accurate information yet, but it should be inseparable." After Yu Ran Ran finished speaking, she sorted it out, and then took everyone to the outside of the Broken Soul Cave.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, thank you for what happened just now." Yufeng, as a man, is naturally not as delicate as the sisters of the Yu family. As soon as he came out, he thanked Xiao Yan. At the critical moment just now, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan's timely Take the shot, I am afraid they will all get into trouble.

"It's fine, as long as the space teleportation formation can be repaired quickly." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"You!" Just after coming out, Yu Ran, who was still calm, couldn't help but said to Yu Wei.

"Uuuu, big sister is leaving soon!" Yuwei also knew that the space teleportation formation was a big family affair, so how could she tell outsiders, and immediately passed the test with a smile.

"Let's go, one more day, it will be back to Yecheng... After we have finished repairing the space teleportation formation, we must have a good discussion with the people from Kuyezhai." Yu Ranran finished. , with a large army directly towards the direction of Ye Cheng.

As the fifth elder led Ye Sheng to retreat, they actually passed the secret passage and returned to Ye Cheng first.

"Master Zhai, the fifth elder and the third young master are back." In the backyard of Kuye Zhai, a middle-aged man was slowly holding a scroll and reading it carefully on the pavilion in the lotus pond in the backyard.

"Oh?"

"Where are they now?" The man put down the scroll in his hand, then got up gently and asked the guard.

"Both of them are waiting for you in the living room." The guard said respectfully.

"Crash!" The next moment the middle-aged man disappeared into the backyard, and when Du appeared, he was already in the living room.

"Sheng'er... who are you?" Just when he came to the living room, the head of Kuye Zhaizhai, who was in high spirits, frowned. It was obvious that he found something wrong in Ye Sheng's body just by seeing each other.

"Master Zhai, you have to decide for the third young master." The fifth elder on the side was also mourning.

The master of Kuye Zhaizhai, named Ye Ku, is a powerhouse whose strength has reached the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals.

"What's going on?" Ye Ku frowned and asked.

"Master Zhai, we are in charge of intercepting Yuzong who went out to find materials for repairing the space teleportation formation. Seeing that we are about to succeed, a young man appeared out of nowhere."

"That young man is extremely arrogant. Although his strength is only in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian, Deacon Ye has fallen into his hands."

"And when we were about to successfully capture Yu Ran Ran, he took action. The huge soul force directly made the third young master what he is now. For the sake of the overall situation, the subordinates had to retreat first." The fifth elder said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sheng'er Ye Ku's pupils flickered with a trace of pain, this Ye Sheng was treated as a successor by himself, how could he be hit hard by other people's soul power?

For them, such things as soul power are mysterious, and once they are attacked unpreparedly and their roots are damaged, I am afraid that their strength will be difficult to improve in the future.

"Father, you must avenge me!"

"That **** boy, when it falls into my hands, I will definitely make your life worse than death!" Ye Sheng's resentful voice sounded slowly.

"Don't worry, Sheng'er, being a father will naturally help you do justice." Ye Ku said slowly, but he was thinking about how to make an excuse to go to Yuzong to cause trouble.

"Report to Zhaizhu, Yuzong's team that went out to collect materials is not far from the city gate, and it is expected to arrive tomorrow. Along with them, in addition to their Yuzong staff, there is also a young man with a heavy foot on his back. ." After a while, a bodyguard emerged.

"Haha, it's really hard to find a place to break through the iron shoes. It doesn't take much effort to get it."

"Take a day off, tomorrow, Sheng'er, you go directly to Yuzong with me, but I want to see if this Yuzong dares to offend us for a hairy boy." After Ye Ku finished speaking, he laughed grimly.

The double monthly pass is here, reward and cash back, everything is in the 515 explosion event.

100 monthly tickets plus one more update, 1000 recommended tickets plus one update, this is almost 3000, you guys are too fierce, so Lemon has to update it.

Today is guaranteed for three more updates, and I am adding three thousand recommended plus updates.