Chapter 226: Tiger fell and Pingyang was bullied by dogs!

"Cough, cough, Youquan, you still want to commit the following crimes!" The twin ghost emperors also said weakly and angrily.

Normally, this secluded spring ghost is not as good as a dog in front of him. Although he is only half of the strength of the twins, he is also a powerhouse comparable to the human six-star fighting emperor. When the two parts are truly integrated, then The strength is also extremely tyrannical, and this secluded spring ghost is just a clown jumping on the beam.

But it's different now. The twin ghost emperors just broke through the seal, and their strength is less than one in ten. Moreover, the twin ghost emperors were divided into two by the powerhouses within Xuan Santian and sealed in the Red Mountain and the Yin Corpse Forest.

The combination of the two parts is the real twin ghost emperors!

"Red leaves!"

"Go!"

"There will be no shortage of those who promised you afterwards!" Youquan Ghost also looked at the twin ghost emperors and ghost ghosts in front of him with resentment.

"I'll hold the ghost ghost for you, and you can do the rest yourself!" Hongye is not a fool, and naturally knows the wishful thinking of the ghost in the spring. The ghost in the quiet spring wants to deal with the twin ghost emperors, but He dealt with the ghosts and spirits by himself, leaving the difficult to himself and the easy to him.

After Hongye finished speaking, she also rushed forward first, and then the terrifying Six-Star Dou Emperor's aura was also on full display.

"Damn!"

"Youquan, you will regret your decision!" The ghost ghost has not finished speaking, but is constantly dealing with the attack of the red leaves. After all, the power of the six-star Doudi powerhouse, the ghost ghost does not dare to distinguish Heart, or you will end up with a sad end.

"Okay!" Youquan also scolded secretly, this woman is really not a fuel-efficient lamp, although her battle with the ghost ghost seems to be suppressed everywhere, but Youquan also clearly feels that Hongye has kept his hand, otherwise When a six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse deals with a ghostly ghost at the peak of a four-star Dou Emperor, that is also an instant suppression!

But Youquan was too late to be distracted at this time. After all, he had planned this plan for a long time!

Youquan Ghost Spirit found a way in some ancient books of Xuan Santian. People in the ghost world can continuously strengthen themselves by devouring their own kind. If Youquan can devour a part of this wounded twin ghost emperor, then the strength is undoubtedly. It will skyrocket, and it will be easy to deal with the other half of the twin ghost emperors.

"Suffer to death!" After Youquan finished speaking, a strange black ghostly energy instantly covered his body, and then a rather dark chain flew out of his body!

With a monstrous black color, he attacked the injured twin ghost emperors.

"Soul chain?" The twin ghost emperors were also quite surprised.

The so-called soul chain is a unique method in their ghost world, and it is only possible to display it when the ghost energy in the body is strong to a certain extent.

Because the source of the power of the Soul Chain is ghost energy!

After being surprised for a short time, the twin ghost emperors also slowly became serious, and his strength was at the level of sixth-grade ghost emperors (first-grade ghost emperors = one-star fighting emperors, and so on.), but now because he just broke through the seal, The strength has not returned to the peak, and then it was attacked by Wu Jiang and Hu Du, so the current strength is also less than one.

But at this time, the strength of the twin ghost emperors is also comparable to that of Youquan, but the ghost energy in the body is sluggish, not as strong as the ghosts of Youquan.

Seeing the black chain with terrifying energy attacking him, the twin ghost emperors also snorted coldly, and then a chain thicker than the ghost of the secluded spring appeared instantly, and then the two slammed together viciously. .

Although the Soul Locking Chain displayed by Youquan Ghost Spirit is relatively small, it is better than the constant supply of ghost energy in the body, so the stamina is also extremely large, but on the other hand, the Soul Chaining Chain displayed by the Twin Ghost Emperor is quite thick. , but the injury is serious, and it also appears to be slightly lacking in stamina, and it also slowly presents a one-sided phenomenon.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Shabu Shabu!"

The next moment, the soul-locking chain that spread out from the twin ghost emperor's body instantly shattered, and then Youquan also had a strange smile soaring to the sky, and controlled the soul-locking chain to hit the twin ghost emperor's body with one blow!

"Susu!"

Seeing that the soul-locking chain that he casts has locked the twin ghost emperors abruptly, the ghosts of the secluded springs are even more bizarre!

Then Youquan's rather illusory hands also instantly pulled the Soul Chaining Chain, and pulled back viciously, and a strange scene appeared!

As Youquan's soul chain locked the body of the twin ghost emperors, Youquan was pulling tightly, and the black cloak covering the body of the twin ghost emperors collapsed instantly, revealing a rather terrifying picture. face.

"This..." Hongye also deliberately kept his hand, so he kept dealing with the ghost spirit, as long as he held the ghost ghost, there was no need to kill it.

But as the twin ghost emperors revealed their true colors, Hongyebei's lips also slightly opened, looking extremely surprised.

The Twin Ghost Emperor's entire body, the left and right sides are particularly obvious!

One side has color and skin, while the other side is blank, like a blank sheet of paper that makes people shudder!

"Wait, this breath..."

"How can the aura of these twin ghost emperors be similar to those of the soul clan..."

"My illusion..." Hongye also muttered to himself, because with Hongye's powerful strength, he also felt some familiar taste in the twin ghost emperors.

"Susu!"

"Have you shown your true colors now?" Youquan Ghost also stared at the twin ghost emperors with thick greed in his eyes, and a lot of saliva overflowed from his mouth, which looked rather indecent.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

"I didn't expect you to do so many good things, Youquan, during the time when I was sealed..." The twin ghost emperors coughed more violently. Obviously, the ghost chain of the ghosts of Youquan directly penetrated his body connection. Because of his own soul, he is also weaker!

"Isn't the taste of this soul chain unpleasant?"

"Xie Yin Youquan also looked very strange, and then stared at the weak twin ghost emperor in front of him.

"You... Who are you!"

"Cough, cough, cough!"

The twin ghost emperors were calm a moment ago, but when Youquan called out the evil yin, his breath suddenly became turbulent, his pupils were wide open, and the ghost of the quiet spring in front of him was stinging, obviously unbelievable.

Ordinary people know that the twin ghost emperors are one twin, which is composed of two parts. The strength of the peak has reached the level of the seventh-grade ghost emperor, and it is famous for its fierceness.

But there are very few people who know the true identity of the twin ghost emperors, not to mention those who still know his name, and there are not many people in the entire ghost world.

"Say!"

"who are you!"

The twin ghost emperors also roared, because he felt a familiar smell from the soul lock chain, but he didn't know who the secluded spring in front of him was!

"Hahaha!"

"Xie Yin, you are really forgetful!"

"A hundred years ago, Daoxiang Village, do you still remember?" The moment Youquan spoke, his eyes turned red, and the terrifying killing intent was instantly released, his teeth were clenched tightly, and the creaking voice seemed to be able to eat the twin ghost emperors raw General!

"Daoxiang Village?"

"How is that possible!" The twin ghost emperors also looked at the ghostly ghost in front of him in fear as if he had remembered something.

Ask for tickets!