Chapter Vol 4 1593: Go to Qingyun Peak!

Qingyun Peak, located in the core of the Central Territory, is a veritable holy place for cultivation, and the Qingyun Pavilion occupies this place.

On the top of Qingyun Peak, there are circles of broken rock mountain ranges, and countless ravines in the center of the rock are paved, and suddenly a huge avenue is formed that leads directly to the resident mansion of Qingyun Pavilion.

"My lord, everything is ready now, and I only owe Dongfeng."

"Xiao Gui has been imprisoned in a water prison and is being guarded by Lord Ling Yu. This time, we must not lose."

"As long as Xiao Yan comes, then this time, he will never come back." In the hall of Qingyun Pavilion, Qingfeng said indifferently, when he mentioned the word Xiao Yan, his voice couldn't help but intensify a little, obviously for Xiao Yan was extremely disgusted.

"Wait." As soon as the voice fell, Qing Yunkun stood up and slowly looked through the window of the hall.

"Boom!" At the same time, on the huge avenue of Qingyun Peak, wisps of tyrannical flames slowly emerged from the bottom of Qingyun Peak like a flame burning the sky.

"Then... what is that?" There were constantly some soldiers in charge of patrols around the avenue above Qingyun Peak, but when his eyes noticed this strange power, he suddenly felt a burst of dryness emerging.

"Xiao Yan?" In an instant, as the flame figure got closer and closer, many soldiers who were patrolling suddenly said in a panic.

In Qingyun Pavilion, disciples like them at the grassroots level basically do not interfere in sect affairs, so they are only ignorant, but for Xiao Yan, they are vivid in their minds, because the two brothers Xiao Yan have already been taken by Qingyun Pavilion. Totally wanted.

Because after the Qingyun Pavilion arrested Xiao Gui, it was announced to the public that Xiao Gui tried to infiltrate Ling Yu's fiancee, so he was arrested by Ling Yu. This crime is extremely serious. If Xiao Yan came rashly, I am afraid that this time, No one could save him.

"Huhuhu...a good mountain, it's just right to be used as the cemetery of Qingyun Pavilion." Xiao Yan's body slowly landed on the stone steps of the avenue, and the dazzling flames on his body were as scarlet as blood, and his eyes immediately caught his eye. Filled with violence, he raised his head and walked towards the Qingyun Pavilion mansion at the end of the avenue.

"Xiao Yan...you?" Many soldiers on patrol couldn't help looking at each other as they watched Xiao Yan go to the meeting so single-handedly.

"Xiao Gui is my brother, this hatred will never be shared."

"Go and inform Qingyun Kun, the old dog, today I will accept his life!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the dazzling flames spread out like ripples in the water, and that kind of tyrannical spirit was as terrifying as the coming of ghosts and gods. .

"Crash!" Such a bright energy flame spread, and the soldiers who were in charge of patrolling quickly fled here, otherwise they would be easily obliterated by it.

"Da da da!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent, the two holy flames in his body continued to roll, and even danced in Xiao Yan's body. In an instant, a deadly threat that was enough to obliterate the four-star fighting immortal powerhouse filled Xiao Yan. Yan Zhou's body, and Xiao Yan's body is also stepping on the avenue step by step.

"The pavilion... pavilion master... Xiao Yan is back." After a while, the soldier in charge of the patrol came out of the hall of the mansion, and said with a trembling voice.

"How many soldiers and horses did he bring?" The pavilion master of Qingyun Pavilion seemed to have expected it long ago, but he still couldn't help asking.

"One... one, Xiao Yan is the only one." The patrol guard said.

"Understood, let's go." He casually greeted the patrolling guards, and at that time, the Qingyun Pavilion's mansion was quiet.

"Xiao Yan came alone?"

"Is there any fraud in this?" After a while, a powerful four-star Dou Xian late stage slowly emerged. This guy is the culprit who captured Xiao Gui and sealed Xiao Lei, Feng Jie under Ling Yu.

"The pavilion master doesn't need to worry too much."

"Xiao Yan now relies on the ten thousand fire sect's strength, and the old ghost of the earth spirit and the headmaster Luo, as headmasters of the spiritual house, cannot arbitrarily intervene in the affairs of the Central Territory, so today's Xiao Yan is also at the end of the road. ." Feng Jie just appeared, suddenly sneered.

"Lord Ling Yu really didn't see the wrong person."

"Brother Feng's eyes are so admirable." Qing Yunkun smiled when he heard the words.

In the current Qingyun Pavilion mansion, it is almost already Longtan Tiger Den, because here, countless ambushes have been set up, just to completely obliterate Xiao Yan.

Because Ling Yu had an order, this time, Xiao Gui was used as a bait to kill the two brothers Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui, and Ling Yu also gave them a treasure.

"Let's go."

"Go out and meet this kid."

"This time, with the treasure that Lord Lingyu gave us, and the power of our Qingyun Pavilion, this is the graveyard of their two brothers." As soon as the voice fell, the three of them walked together, slowly leaving the hall, facing the Go down the road.

There are some ravines around Qingyun Peak, but the middle is cleared out as a way to enter and exit. At this time, Xiao Yan's body was walking quietly, but the fluctuations in his body, even some middle stage four-star Dou Xian powerhouses have never been able to. .

"Qingyunkun old dog... Are you finally willing to come out?" After Shunxi looked at the three light spots that appeared above, Xiao Yan's voice resounded through the entire mountain like an eagle piercing the sky.

"Xiao Yan, I have to say, you are very stupid. You know this is a dead end, and you come here to die." Qing Yunkun took a step forward and sneered. Now here, he is invincible, and this Xiao Yan, going to the meeting with a single sword is tantamount to sending him to death.

"Hahaha!"

"Qingyunkun old dog Don't worry, this time, I will bloodbath your entire Qingyun Pavilion." Xiao Yan didn't take it seriously when he heard the words, his pupils filled with blood and growled.

"It's just a four-star Douxian early stage."

"This time, not only will you fall, but even Xiao Gui and the Wanhuo Sect behind you will be buried with you." Several people chatted slowly, and the dazzling fighting spirit permeated.

"Qingyun Pavilion, since you have made the current Central Territory extremely chaotic, then let me end you... and create a new chapter."

"If no one dares to do this, let me do it." In the dull voice, there was an extremely tyrannical obsession, and the dazzling fighting spirit permeated.

At the same time, many of the top powerhouses in the Central Territory are also paying close attention to this battle.

It is unprecedented for Xiao Yan to try to provoke the entire sect by himself, so these Central Region sects want to see whether this Xiao Yan is creating a miracle or just a reckless man.

The battle above Qingyun Peak is imminent!