Chapter Vol 4 1551: The method of spiritual practice!

The next day, the sun rose, and suddenly a new round of prosperity began in this city.

"You brat, don't wake me up!" Xiao Yan's place was quite quiet, and in the early morning, Di Lao's voice was cursing from outside the door of the two of them.

"Old Earth." The two of them heard the words, quickly dressed, and immediately pushed the door out.

"Let's go, I'll take you to the Lingyuan." Looking at Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui in front of him, Di Lao glanced at him casually, then walked straight to the center of the city.

"Will this be too anxious?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's head was covered with black lines. Obviously, the old man woke them up in the early morning. I'm afraid it's not just as simple as taking them to the Spiritual Academy.

"After all, Lingyuan is one of the few superpowers in Li Soul Territory, which is different from the sect power you used to be in."

"You'll find out when you arrive at the Lingyuan, but this time, I'm afraid you will have to leave here before you stay in the Lingyuan for long." Di Lao walked slowly, and his tone was quite profound, which was surprising.

The three figures slowly walked towards the center of the city.

"This is clearly the center of the city, why is there no one walking around, and it seems that there is no road ahead?" After a while, the three of them were walking on the city trail. Xiao Gui saw that there were fewer and fewer people around him, and suddenly said.

"It's so strange." Hearing this, Xiao Yan glanced around, but found that the three of them, for some unknown time, had a layer of white aura, and with this white aura, they seemed to disappear into the crowd. Normal in sight.

"The Lingyuan is indeed in the center of the city, ordinary people can see it, but can't touch it."

"Because they are not disciples of the Spiritual Academy, they do not have the special token needed to enter the Spiritual Academy." Di Lao explained.

"Special token?" Xiao Yan heard that and immediately stared at the white aura above his body. The white aura had no power, but it faintly made Xiao Yan aware of its extraordinaryness.

"This is a token of entering the Spiritual Academy, it's just a little trick."

"Let's go." The words ended, and the three of them came to the center of the city.

It is strange to say that the city is nearly a hundred miles in size, but in the center of the city stands a magnificent mansion. From the outside, it is quite quiet, standing in ancient times, and there are no traces of outsiders. This is the Where the Lingyuan is located.

It's just that although ordinary people can see this magnificent spiritual courtyard, they cannot enter it. Every time they step into the spiritual courtyard mansion, they will be bounced off by special energy, so the city center has always been quiet.

"Shabu Shabu!" The three of them came to the magnificent mansion, and suddenly the old palm suddenly lifted up, and a dazzling white aura appeared on the palm, so it was easy to completely wrap the rest.

"Weng Om!" The next moment, the three figures submerged in the space, and when they appeared, they already had a different appearance in front of them.

"It turns out that the mansion that stands quietly in the center of the city is just a blindfold. The location of the spiritual courtyard is actually high above the city." After a while, Xiao Yan's huge soul force also noticed this scene, and immediately laughed.

"The little guy has good perception."

"This is the Lingyuan." As soon as the voice fell, the voice of the old man suddenly sounded like a Hong bell.

"Spiritual Institute..." As the old voice came out, Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui immediately turned their eyes to the front.

The Lingyuan is located thousands of meters above the sky. The mountains and trees are undulating here. A huge river that descends vertically from the sky appears along with the mountains and water, and a series of quaint buildings are also distributed on both sides of the river!

Even in the buildings distributed on both sides of the river, a series of obscure auras emerged, and these auras were the weakest among the four-star fighting immortals!

"This Lingyuan is really strange." The next moment, Xiao Gui also shook his head and said, obviously he did not know why he built countless buildings on the two sides of the Tongtian River.

"This river is called Linghe. It has absorbed the energy of heaven and earth for countless years. It is a rather mysterious spiritual vein. Cultivating here has the effect of getting twice the result with half the effort."

"However, our spiritual courtyard disciples are different from other sects."

"Because among the upper, middle and lower regions of the Spiritual Courtyard, in addition to the Earthly Court occupying the most fertile Lower Region, the headquarters of our Spiritual Court occupies the Upper Region, and the remaining central region with the largest sect with the largest area is owned by us. Lingyuan management."

"Most of these sects are at the level of four-star fighting immortals, and there are very few five-star fighting immortals."

The mission of our Spiritual Academy is to cultivate management talents for the entire Lishun Realm. Therefore, the cultivation of our Spiritual Academy disciples is to take charge of these sect forces. In the three-year sect competition, we will cultivate according to their management. The sect ranking and the one-on-one duel ranking between managers determine their respective rewards and punishments. "

"And the disciples who shine in the Zongmen competition will be sent directly to the underground courtyard. Once they join the underground courtyard, they are qualified enough to be selected as the masters of the countless continents under Li Soul Territory, and even enter the The shrine of the Lord of Souls." Di Lao said slowly.

"what?"

"Let us manage a sect alone?"

"After three years, the ranking will be based on the battle between the disciples in the sect and the duel between our respective managers?" Xiao Yan heard the words and suddenly felt a big head. If it was just the battle between their own managers, Xiao Yan was somewhat confident enough. Defeating the opponent, but if it is the matter of managing the sect to cultivate talented disciples, Xiao Yan will definitely not.

"Hey, why, are you afraid?" Suddenly, the corner of Di Lao's mouth was a strange smile.

"Elder Di, don't give a shit. This disciple has no idea about the management of the sect. If you rush into my hands, I'm afraid..." Xiao Yan also shrugged helplessly, looking at the old Di and begging for help.

"I've already communicated to you you and Xiao Gui's team."

"I can't help you with other things." After a while, Di Lao also laughed.

"Thank you, Di Lao." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words. Since he and Xiao Gui were in a team, then Xiao Gui was in charge of managing the sect, and he was in charge of some chores of the sect. Compared with the three-year period, it was extremely easy to deal with.

"In this spiritual academy, only after you have gained a lot of status can you be qualified to practice here."

"And because of the special existence of our Earth Spirit Academy, we won't have many requirements for your strength. After all, after three years, no matter how successful or unsuccessful you are, you will get a lot of resources. It is natural that you can join the Spirit Academy. It's strange, so naturally you don't need to worry about strength, just manage this period, remember not to be careless." Di Lao said earnestly.

"Brother, don't worry, I should be able to." Seeing Xiao Yan's head full of black lines, Xiao Gui also comforted, but Xiao Yan didn't know whether this Xiao Gui really knew how to manage or just wanted to comfort himself.

"Now, take this token and go to work in the sect." After a short while, on the palm of Di Lao's hand, a delicate stone plaque with a luster of gold and silver slowly flickered.

The color of the stone plate is gold and silver, and on the stone plate, a huge fire character is lifelike.

And just as this stone tablet poured into Xiao Yan's hands, the two of them were kicked into the space passage by the old man and headed towards the Central Territory.