Chapter 451: Mei Ye, the deputy leader of the Charming Snake Tribe!

"Bold human beings dare to forcibly break into the Medusa tribe in our desert of death!"

"You will pay the price for this action of yours!" The woman snorted coldly, and then the majestic killing intent in the sky instantly emerged, forcibly forcing that Mu Chenfeng into a corner.

"It won't be so unfortunate, as soon as you come in, you will meet the strong snake people in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Di!" Mu Chenfeng felt bitter, he had just used the special power of the wind attribute, and could have temporarily hidden himself in the space. His breath was discovered by the snake man, and this was what puzzled Mu Chenfeng the most.

And what makes Mu Chenfeng feel strange is that the snake man in front of him should obviously be a strong man in this tribe, and his strength has actually reached the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di!

"But...it's exactly what I want!" Mu Chenfeng also understands that this is one of the nine major tribes of Medusa after all, and the strong are like clouds, and the strong snake people in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Di are enough to delay him. A lot of time, in order to save time, Mu Chenfeng did not dare to stop.

After Mu Chenfeng finished speaking, he gently put down the woman in his hand, and then smiled at the snake-human strong man in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor in front of him.

At this moment, Mu Chenfeng muttered to himself: "The strength of the eight-star Dou Emperor in the early stage should be considered an extremely powerful existence in this tribe, and he should know the existence of the temple... Originally, I just wanted to take advantage of this six-star Dou Emperor's little boy. It would take a lot of effort for the girl to draw out the strong men of the snake people, but how could it be so easy."

Mu Chenfeng laughed.

After speaking, Mu Chenfeng's expression turned gloomy in an instant, because he knew that although he cultivated wind attribute vindictiveness, he had advantages in speed and movement, but now this place is among the nine major tribes of the Medusa family, it is inevitable There will be some more terrifying powerhouses, so Mu Chenfeng must fight quickly!

The place where the two of them are located is at the bottom of the city wall, and the city wall is not far from the place where the snake man lives, so they are not afraid of being discovered by others.

"It's just a misunderstanding to break into this place, there's no malicious intent, and I'll leave soon... But before leaving, I have one more thing to ask for." Mu Chenfeng said slightly.

"Our Medusa family and you humans have nothing to ask for. You should go back to where you came from." The enchanting woman's eyes were slightly wrinkled, and she obviously felt an extremely terrifying aura from this man. The strength of this man may not be lower than himself...

Even stronger than himself!

Since his precious daughter has nothing to do, it is not appropriate to have a grudge with such a strong person, so there is this enchanting woman.

Here, it is the Charming Snake Tribe among the nine major tribes of the Medusa family.

The Charming Snake Tribe is mainly based on the power of charm and control. Among the nine major tribes of Medusa, it is also famous for its fierceness. Its enchanting woman is called Mei Ye, and she is a powerhouse in the early stage of the Eight-Star Dou Di!

He is also the deputy leader of the Charming Snake Tribe!

The leader of the Charm Snake Tribe, named Charm Lan, is an eight-star Dou Di Perfection-level powerhouse, and is also the husband of this Charm Ye.

The two have a daughter named Mei Yao'er, who has been gifted since childhood, and is deeply loved by other snake people among the nine major tribes of the Medusa family.

"What I'm asking, for the powerful among the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan, is just a little effort... Just tell me, and I promise to leave immediately!" Mu Chenfeng said.

"En?" Mei Ye heard the words, her red lips moved slightly, and there seemed to be some killing intent in the smile and voice of Mu Chenfeng in front of her.

It's just that as Mei Ye's red lips moved slightly, a wave that was hard to see with the naked eye slowly radiated out, but Mu Chenfeng didn't notice it.

"What's the matter, let's hear it, maybe I can think about it." Mei Ye said slowly after finishing everything just now, not in a hurry.

"I don't know where the temple of the Medusa family is located?" Mu Chenfeng said, and then his pupils stared at Mei Ye in front of him.

"The temple?" As Mu Chenfeng blurted out, a rare heaviness appeared in the eyes of Mei Ye, who had a calm face.

"Why is this person looking for the location of our temple..."

"I remember that a few months ago, the leaders of the nine tribes and the Medusa Snake Guard jointly opened the temple once... Although the action was extremely obscure, I think someone must have entered the temple."

"If you want to enter the temple, the minimum strength is probably the level of Dou Xian or the true blood of the Medusa family."

"But the only little girl in the clan has cultivated to the level of the three-colored swallowing python. Who is it that entered the temple?"

"I asked Meilan before, and it seems that he looks flustered, and seems to be very afraid of the one who entered the temple..." Mei Ye's beautiful eyes moved slightly, with those long eyelashes very moving.

"Sorry... I don't know about that thing." Mei Ye was surprised, but she didn't panic at all. After all, although the man in front of him was extremely terrifying, this was the base camp of their Charming Snake Tribe. Even if the leader was not there, the strong were still like clouds .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"That's offended." The last trace of expectation in Mu Chenfeng's eyes disappeared instantly, replaced by terrifying killing intent.

"Since the negotiation failed... then you can only offend." Mu Chen said softly.

Because he knew that the grievances between their Xuanling royal family and the Medusa clan were extremely huge. If the snake man who entered the temple really gained the inheritance power of Medusa, then facing their Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that only An end!

Destruction!

If the Xuanling royal family is destroyed, then their worship of the Xuanling royal family will naturally bear the brunt, so this is why Mu Chenfeng is not hesitating to kill one of the nine tribes of the Medusa clan, the Charming Snake tribe. To cross-examine the reason for the location of the temple.

"Humph!"

"Humans are really not good things." Mei Ye snorted coldly, and then his body trembled strangely.

With the trembling of Mei Ye, UU read www. Some small snakes on uukanshu.com's body suddenly disappeared, but at this time, Mei Ye's deep-seated charm was exuding.

"It turned out to be the Charming Snake tribe among the nine major tribes of the Medusa family."

"It is rumored that the Charming Snake Tribe is very good at charm and control, so let me come down and see if it is as true as the rumors."

With the appearance of this cyan vindictiveness, the space within a few meters around Mu Chenfeng trembled slightly, obviously unable to bear the terrifying vindictiveness of Mu Chenfeng.

"Eight-star Dou Di's mid-term strength..." Mei Ye said in a low voice, and after speaking, her red lips spit out a little, and suddenly, a Dou Qi with extremely strong corrosive power floated towards Mu Chenfeng!

"Trick of the worm!" Mu Chenfeng saw the thick fighting qi attacking him, without the slightest panic, he shouted loudly, and then the fighting qi containing extremely strong corrosive power blocked Mu Chenfeng three meters away out of thin air.

"Humph!"

"Do you think this is the end?"

"Break me!" Mei Ye twisted his waist like a water snake in the sky, then laughed.

As Mei Ye's voice just fell, the thick fighting qi that was blocked by Mu Chenfeng three meters away suddenly exploded.

"Not good!" Mu Chenfeng shouted loudly, and then secretly regretted it in his heart!

Every one of the Medusa clan is a master of poison, how could I forget it!

Ask for tickets!

Ask for a monthly pass at the end of the month