Chapter Vol 4 1062: get away!

"Shefu, why did you ruin the good things of my Xuanling royal family?"

"Don't tell me you want to completely become a mortal enemy with my Xuanling royal family?" Qin Tian couldn't help roaring after seeing who was coming.

Because the one who stopped his attack was the Shefu of the Medusa clan with the strength of a half-immortal. With the addition of the Snake King who was close to the peak strength of the Dou Emperor, and the three nine-star Dou Emperor powerhouses, this lineup can be said to be extremely large. .

"Humph."

"Qin Tian, ​​you have repeatedly led the powerful people of the clan to break into the territory of our Medusa clan. This account book fairy has not yet settled with you!" Shefu's old body suddenly shook, a tyrannical force. Immediately, a snake-shaped scepter appeared in the palm of the hand, and was knocked down heavily in the void!

"Crash!" As Shefu's serpentine scepter was knocked down, giant snakes of colored energy suddenly emerged from the bottom of the serpentine scepter, and roared towards Qin Tian hideously.

"Damn!" Seeing this, Qin Tian waved his hand and blocked Shefu's attack directly, but his expression became extremely ugly, because he knew that if Shefu and the others insisted on helping Xiao Yan, adding Xiao Yi and Long Yi, I am afraid that Xiao Yan can really escape today.

"Shefu, do you want to ruin the future of your Medusa clan for a hairy boy?" Qin Tian also knew that the five Medusa clan members in front of him were quite powerful, and immediately lost their previous momentum.

"Maotou boy?"

"Xiao Yan is a noble of our Medusa clan. If your Xuanling royal family insists on keeping him, my Medusa clan is not afraid to go to war with you!" Facing Qin Tian's sternness, Shefu's old body stood upright. Straight and unafraid.

"When did Senior Brother Xiao Yan provoke the powerhouses of the Medusa family?"

"Or the nobles of the Medusa family?" When the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion heard this, they couldn't help but be surprised, and immediately turned their eyes to the top of the Fenxiang Pavilion.

"This guy..." And Zhu Jin and the others all looked at each other, obviously the Medusa family would protect Xiao Yan like this, even if they didn't know about Xiao Yan and the Medusa family.

"Why are you standing still!"

"move!"

"If you have nowhere to stay, then go to our Medusa clan's territory." When Xiao Yan and Azure Mu Yingying were surprised, a spirited old man beside Shefu scolded Xiao Yan. .

"Let's go!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say, he grabbed Mu Yingying's jade hand with one hand, and then his speed skyrocketed, and he fled directly into the distance.

It was only now that Xiao Yan knew that the person who had just emerged from his body was a strong person from the Medusa clan. After all, Xiao Yan and Cailin were married, so Xiao Yan’s body was more or less involved. Swallow the blood of the python.

"Hey, you..." As azure Mu Yingying was about to say something, there was a trace of abnormality in her body.

"Damn it, I was begging me to come out just now, and now..." Azure Mu Yingying said, slowly shaking her head.

The next moment, the blue aura slowly retreated into the body, and an aura that Xiao Yan was familiar with emerged.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan asked while running, obviously the current Mu Yingying is the body.

"Yep."

"That was the Spirit of Holy Flame just now." After Mu Yingying returned to normal, the aura in her body was extremely weak, but her palm was pulled by Xiao Yan, and there was a hint of crimson on her pretty face.

"Xiao Yan, where are you running!" Seeing that Qin Tian was temporarily stopped by Shefu, Ye Mo couldn't help but say.

"Your opponent...is us!" When Ye Mo's eight people separated and trapped Xiao Yi and Long Yi, one after another tyrannical figure directly stopped the Dragon Addiction Legion!

"asshole!"

"The three strongest among the eight leaders of the Medusa clan." Ye Mo's face was also extremely ugly at this time, because the one who stopped them was the strongest among the eight major tribes in the Medusa clan except the Snake King. , The three of them all possess the strength of the Nine Star Dou Di, and the Medusa clan powerhouses are cunning by nature and their fighting spirit is highly poisonous, and the powerhouses of the same level are seldom able to fight against them.

"When did Xiao Yan befriend the powerful Medusa family?"

"Although the relationship between Burning Incense Pavilion and the Medusa family is good, it's not good enough to risk their lives to save them." Some strong people watching the show couldn't help but say.

"Xiao Yi, Long Yi, you all go first, we are responsible here." When Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying fled directly, Shefu said to Xiao Yi and the two.

"Yes." Xiao Yi and Long Yi nodded when they saw this. They knew that since Shefu and his party dared to come, they must have been prepared.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yi and Long Yi looked at each other, and then the aura in their bodies soared, breaking through the siege of the Dragon-loving Legion in an instant, and then heading towards the desert territory of the Medusa clan.

"Shefu...Snake King, this time, you all have to die!" Seeing Xiao Yan and the four fleeing one after another, Qin Tian's expression became extremely strange!

"Hahaha!"

"Qin Tian, ​​you have a lot of strength as a Fighting Immortal." The Snake King on the side couldn't help but fall into the pit.

"Since you let them go, let's take the lives of the five of you to resist!" But Qin Tian said sinisterly.

"Sorry...you may not have this chance." Just as Qin Tian's voice fell, when the other eight members of the Dragon Addiction Legion wrapped up the five people including Shefu, a young girl said with a hippie smile. .

"Three-colored swallowing python?"

"not good!"

"Hurry up and block the space!" Qin Tian was shocked when he saw the special mark on the girl's body.

"late."

"Pfft!" The girl said softly, and immediately turned into a three-colored swallowing python, her huge tail slapped heavily towards the space in front of her, all of them appearing as a space channel.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When the five people of Shefu saw ~, there was no longer any hesitation, they stepped into it and disappeared!

"Damn..."

"The power of space among the three colors..." But Qin Tian couldn't help cursing when he saw the disappearing Shefu and his party.

This kind of space power derived from blood, even Douxian Qin Tian can't restrain it.

"Let's go!" Looking at the ruined Blood River Town, Qin Tian directly cast a trace of resentment at the few people in the Fenxiang Pavilion and Zhujin, and then spoke.

Just finished speaking, the nine members of the Dragon Addiction Legion will simply disappear here.

"Hehe, this dragon-loving army is really unwise."

"The entire Dragon-loving Legion was dispatched to capture Xiao Yan, a middle-stage seven-star Dou Di, and finally he was forced out of two Dou Xian, a half immortal, and the strong Medusa clan. I'm afraid this time …”

"This time, they seem to be kicking the iron plate." Some people watching the fun couldn't help laughing as they watched all the parties leave.

"Fenxiang Pavilion disciple, return to the sect!"

"This time, it is necessary to summon the power of the various super sects in Xuantian Santian to impeach the Xuanling royal family!" Zhu Jin left such a sentence and disappeared immediately.

As soon as Yi Zhujin's voice fell, all the powerhouses around him knew that this time Xuan Santian would really change the sky!

Because the people present could smell a trace of evil aura from the people in the Dragon Addiction Legion just now. This aura is similar to that of the alien race!

.. m.