Chapter Vol 4 1627: Fight the devil!

"Now that you're ready, let's go." He glanced slightly, and realized that Xiao Yan's aura had adjusted to the peak of the four-star Dou Xian early stage, Xiao Zifan said.

"Okay." Xiao Yan slowly got up and nodded.

"This is a trace of my source power. It can give you the power of a six-star fighting immortal in a short period of time. It can only last for a stick of incense, but I may not be able to protect you against the Great Demon in a while. You have to protect yourself, otherwise if something happens to you, I will not be able to explain to the strong in the clan, after all, there are no descendants of the Xiao clan who have been arrested, less than ten people, this is the last hope for the revival of the Xiao clan." Xiao Zifan's palm A trace of warm black energy emerged above, and suddenly looked at Xiao Yan with a calm expression.

This trace of source power is the source of Xiao Zifan's shadow system, but this trace of source power makes Xiao Zi's complexion pale. Obviously, this thing is a lot of consumption for him.

"Junior takes orders." Xiao Yan gently took over Xiao Zifan's source power, and immediately said, but the heart-pounding fluctuations on it shocked Xiao Yan, after all, this thing came from the hands of the seven-star fighting immortal peak powerhouse. .

"Go!" As soon as the voice fell, the three bodies moved rapidly, and in just a moment, they were heading towards the void in this mountain forest, and above this void, there was a black dark cloud, dark cloud. In the middle, the dense evil aura emerged, like an evil monster crawling out of the depths of hell, terrifying.

"Is this... the so-called Great Demon?" Xiao Yan frowned and exclaimed looking at the hell-like scenery in the eerie dark clouds in front of him.

Even with Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power in the late stage of "Tai Xu", when he looked into the depths of the dark clouds, an uncomfortable feeling swept through his body.

"Rou'er, you will protect Xiao Yan for a while, Xiao Yan, you will feint from the side, and if necessary, give me the Second Saint Yan to kill him." The three of them stood under the black cloud. After a while, Xiao Zifan was still worried and said. road.

Although Yu Rou'er's power is only a five-star fighting immortal, she has some means to temporarily isolate the evil power of the Great Demon. However, Xiao Zifan is not worried about Xiao Yan, so he said.

"En." Yu Rou'er's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, and she nodded.

"Go!" In an instant, seeing the three of them getting ready, Xiao Zifan did not hesitate, a monstrous shadow filled the air, filling the entire space with ease, a surging force swept the entire world!

"Woo la la!" As this surging shadow-type energy emerged from Xiao Zifan's body overwhelmingly, it filled the entire space. Suddenly, within the dark clouds like **** above the sky, countless dark and evil auras suddenly erupted with lightning and thunder. The terrifying fluctuations in the air also permeated the air, and this aura was actually not inferior to Xiao Zifan's.

"Weng Om!" In the blink of an eye, in the dark cloud, an evil man made of dark evil energy slowly stepped out of the dark cloud, and immediately stared at Xiao Zifan with a smile on his face. Diffusion in the body.

It was a man like a human, with dark green clothes and dark green skin and hair, which seemed out of tune with this world, but it was this peculiar fluctuation that indicated that this guy's strength was extraordinary.

"Susu!"

"Human... This time, you will be my grand banquet!" The dark green man just stepped out of the dark clouds, his face suddenly pale, and the dark green aura all over his body, a wave of fluctuations that made the three feel strongly disturbed slowly. birth.

"Green Devil... This time, let's completely end all our past grievances." Seeing this, Xiao Zifan raised his broad palm slightly, and a faint trace of shadow energy slowly beat, but there was a touch of command in it. The terrifying power of the silence of heaven and earth.

"Evil Devouring Field!" Following Xiao Zifan's actions, the dark green man did not hesitate immediately, his palms slowly folded, and some ancient and complicated handprints were spread out directly under the eyes of several people.

The dark green man is a collection of countless evil powers, and the source of these evil powers is the evil powerhouses who were captured and imprisoned in the Earth Spirit Pagoda by the powerhouses of the Soul Realm. With time and the power of the chaos system, Therefore, it was slowly suppressed and sealed by the Earth Spirit Pagoda, but I don't know why, after the fall of those evil powerhouses, their source power actually underwent some strange changes, and immediately merged into today's dark green demon, this guy's spirit His intelligence is quite high, and even the fighting skills and combat power he masters are even more tyrannical, so even Xiao Zifan is helpless against him.

"Boom!" The dark green demon's voice just fell. In this sky, countless blood chains emerged, directly wrapping everyone in the hungry space, and even in the field surrounded by countless blood chains, a cloud of blood It fell straight down from the sky and surrounded everyone.

"Evil Realm..." Looking at the hell-like space around him, with blood-colored thundercloud chains and blood-colored skull bubbles in an endless stream, Xiao Yan felt a hint of heaviness in his heart, and even the two holy flames in his body seemed to be threatened. Constantly sending strength to Xiao Yan to protect him, this is the first time Xiao Yan has encountered an evil powerhouse of these levels.

"This guy's strength is really getting stronger and stronger..."

"Shadow Escape!" Realizing that the dark green demon had just started calling out of his domain, Xiao Zifan's body flashed a strange light, and after a while, he disappeared into the demon-devouring field, and even his breath was hidden. , After fighting with this guy for many years, Xiao Zifan knows that when his field is displayed, it is too late for him to perform in the field Xiao Zifan, get out of this seat! ” casually glanced at Xiao Yan and Yu Rou’er, and found that the two were weak, and the dark green demon had no interest in dealing with the two for a while, because he knew that among the three, only Xiao Zifan was a serious confidant. After he solved it, the other two humans couldn't run away either.

"Magic Sound Skull Sea!" For a while, Xiao Zifan's figure and breath could not be noticed, the dark green man was shaking all over, and pieces of dark green crystals like crystals gently fell out of his body, and immediately went directly to the Demon Devouring Field. It exploded in the middle, and at that time, a touch of shocking magic sound continued to corrode the minds of the two, and even in this field, the sea of ​​blood rolled, like the real doomsday of hell.

"Shadow Heavenly Prisoner!" Suddenly, Xiao Zifan's body trembled slightly with the sudden scene in the Demon Devouring Field, and the void behind the dark green man suddenly trembled, and suddenly a palm wrapped in shadow energy , lightly protruding, but this palm contains such tyrannical power, which is undoubtedly enough to easily obliterate the seven-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Hey!" Just as the palm of his hand was about to hit the dark green man's chest, the dark green man's face suddenly laughed, and his body suddenly turned into a pool of blood, slowly merging into the sea of ​​blood in the Demon Devouring Field. .

As Xiao Zifan failed in his attack, his figure suddenly appeared, standing beside Xiao Yan and the two, with a touch of tyrannical energy emitting from his body, protecting the two, and after a moment he stared solemnly at the feet of the three, it was like a vast ocean Violently shaking blood-colored sea of ​​magic.

The monstrous sea of ​​demons, the blood chains are scattered, the demonic sound is terrifying, and the blood sea is tumbling. This is probably what the so-called **** should look like!