Chapter Vol 4 1188: The Mysterious Woman in the Hawkeye Squad

Xiao Yan's group of seven quietly left the Ghost King City. Dead Wind had already prepared seven flying beasts for them outside the city. It can be seen that these guys seem to be quite enthusiastic about the destination, and they have been rushing non-stop for a few days.

The beast is called Feiying, and it is quite large. One head alone is enough for three people to sit together. Among them, there are five beasts that Xiao Yan and five people ride on. On top of the other two beasts, there are quite exquisite beasts. The wooden house, like a wooden house on top of a carriage, appeared on the flying beast, with one end holding some supplies needed for the journey, and the other carrying two women.

This Jade Legacy team has a total of six people, two women and four men.

"Sister Liu Qing..." Yu Xiaoye was sitting quietly in the sedan chair on the back of the beast at this time, hesitant to speak.

"Ye Ye, what's wrong?"

"I've been restless since I left Ghost King City." The woman who was called Liu Qing by Yu Xiaoye smiled and said.

This Liu Qing's figure is much better than that of Yu Xiaoye. The graceful figure, coupled with the two peaks that rise and fall on the chest, perfectly outlines the whole body, and the light blue ru skirt all over the body, exudes The breath that came out was all eye-catching.

"Sister Liu Qing, there seems to be something wrong with the pharmacist that the second uncle hired." Yu Xiaoye shook his head and whispered beside Liu Qing.

"Not quite right?" Liu Qing frowned when he heard this, obviously he didn't notice it.

"I can't tell you the specifics. In short, there seems to be some familiar aura on him. That aura doesn't seem to be from our Yinhuntian... but it looks a bit like Soul Eater..." Yu Xiaoye said hesitantly.

"Ye Ye, you can't talk nonsense."

"This guy is about the same age as you. Although his strength is only in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, his level as a pharmacist is abnormally high." Liu Qing shook his head and nodded.

"Father has dealt with some powerhouses in Soul Devouring Domain. The power that devours all things in them should be correct, but..." Yu Xiaoye still defended.

Li Soul Territory and Soul Devouring Territory are inherently incompatible. If Xiao Yan is really from Soul Devouring Territory, I am afraid that once his identity is revealed, what awaits him will be the dark pursuit.

"Maybe you are overthinking it, take a step by step."

"Even if he is really from the Soul Eater Domain, as long as he can help us deal with that creature, then we naturally don't care about the rest."

"After all, we don't want to interfere in the grievances between Soul Eater and Li Soul," said Liu Qing.

"Well." After Yu Xiaoye finished speaking, she also smiled slowly, and the two women were discussing some little secrets that belonged to them on the sedan chair.

"Little brother, can you still hold it?" In the altitude of several thousand meters, it was bone-chilling, five demon beasts slowly moved around the two sedan chair demon beasts, and then Yu Yifeng came up to ask Xiao Yan.

"It doesn't matter." Xiao Yan is naturally not a son, so although this kind of rush is boring, he can still persevere.

It's just that Xiao Yan found that in this team, Liu Qing, who was accompanied by Yu Xiaoye, seemed to have a high status.

Along the way, Jade Legacy also took care of the two women more or less, but Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that even if the strength of this Jade Legacy Three Star Fighting Immortal is still afraid of Liu Qing, so according to Xiao Yan's vague It seems that this team is only working for Liu Qing!

However, this is only Xiao Yan's speculation, and it has not been confirmed.

Through these few days on the road, Xiao Yan has also figured out the distribution of the team's personnel.

There are a total of six people in this team, of which the approved personnel should be four, and Yu Xiaoye and Liu Qing are probably not real combatants.

But even if there were four people, these four people were quite surprised by Xiao Yan.

Among the four, there are three two-star fighting immortals and one three-star fighting immortal. Such a huge lineup is enough to sweep most areas.

Among the three two-star fighting immortals, they are earth, water, and thunder, but what puzzled Xiao Yan is that this jade legacy is actually wind.

If a team, or mercenary group, wants to look for treasures all year round, then the soil attribute is an indispensable role in the entire team.

The earth attribute defense ability is outstanding. If you encounter an extremely powerful but invincible enemy, a powerful earth attribute fighting skill can buy time for the entire team.

In addition, there is another very important point.

The strong earth attribute can "listen to the road".

The so-called "listening to the road" means that the earth attribute powerhouse can guide the team according to the flow and change of the earth attribute through his own control of the earth attribute, but this is the core of the team, after all, it is the right way , you can avoid many unnecessary battles and greatly reduce unnecessary troubles.

The second is the Water Element Fighting Immortal Powerhouse.

The water element is gentle, although the defense ability is not strong, but it has a certain healing ability, and the team or mercenary group is out of the house, and the pills they carry are used up. The flow of some toxins, even providing a certain amount of vindictive recovery for the team, is also one of the core of the team.

In addition to the personnel of the earth system who are responsible for exploring the path, and the water system responsible for restoring the effect of fighting qi to stop the venom, just now is the core of the team's battle, that is, the powerful destroyer of violence.

As for Yu Yifeng's team, according to Xiao Yan's opinion, there were only two combatants, and they were these two men.

The earth element is responsible for exploring the path, the water element is responsible for guarding against poison and restoring vindictiveness. Only the two-star Dou Xian with the thunder element and the wind element of Yu Yifeng's own wind element are the core of this team's destruction.

"Hey, little brother, this is a hurry, but one day, we will go to the next small village, and we can rest there for a day." Yu Yifeng smiled.

"En." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded lightly, but he was still a little unhappy. This five-day non-stop rush, and still at an altitude of several thousand meters, was really uncomfortable.

"Land Monkey, go down and check the situation." The next moment, Yu Yi called out to the three people in front of him, and a small man immediately appeared in Xiao Yan's line of sight.

"Dele." The land monkey agreed directly, then jumped over to control the demon beast and walked towards the land.

This land monkey is the strong earth element of this team, who is responsible for exploring the way.

These guys were covered with black cloaks, and Xiao Yan couldn't find any specific features, so he could only cast his eyes away.

"Gudong." The land monkey just got close to the ground, and immediately took off his hat and pressed his ears to the ground, as if listening to something.

"This is..." Although Xiao Yan's group was above the sky at this time, the huge soul power made Xiao Yan see it clearly, Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered when he saw this.

"This is the unique "listening to the road" of their soil type." Yu Yifeng explained slowly.

"Dong, dong, dong!" After a while, the land monkey climbed up directly, and then rode back into the sky in a magical beast, smiling at Yu Yifeng.

"Captain, our route is correct. Within twenty miles, we will reach that village," said the land monkey.

"Let's go then."

"Everyone has worked hard, and when you get to that village, everyone will have a good rest for a day." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, he slowly urged the beasts to increase the speed.

And as this scene happened, Xiao Yan became more and more curious about this team, but he didn't show it, and everyone went towards the village. The flame emperor fighting against the sky god