Chapter Vol 4 930: The tragic Xuanling royal family!

"The Snake King of the Snake King Tribe, a powerhouse at the level of the Nine Star Dou Di."

"Mei Lan of the Charming Snake Tribe, a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Di."

"You Rui of the Snake Tribe, a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Di..." Xuanmu stared at the sky, and the eight people with a shocking aura in their bodies couldn't help but said slightly.

"The leader of the eight major tribes of Medusa, this time is in trouble." The next moment, Xuanmu clenched his fist tightly. Obviously, this time, things might be in trouble.

My father is not here, and neither is the Dragon Addiction Legion, nor are the two strongest forces of the Xuanling royal family, and this is going to the point of no redemption.

"Leave this Xuanzhan to me." Meilan on the side opened her mouth and said.

"Then I'll leave it to you." The Snake King didn't take it seriously when he heard the words. After all, the Snake King knew that this Xuanzhan was only a powerful person in the Xuanling royal family, and he needed to deal with the stronger person!

"Is there no one in the Xuanling royal family?"

"Then, it seems that this time it's time to slaughter the city." Yu Rui's seductive figure stirred slightly, then smiled and looked at the high-level Xuanling royal family below.

"What a fairy."

"That should be Yu Rui from the Snake Scorpion Tribe, who is also a powerhouse with a complete eight-star Dou Di. Who will deal with it?" Xuanmu looked around and found that no one was fighting.

"Leave it to our two brothers." Just when Xuanmu was helpless, the two figures slowly walked out of an inconspicuous and hungry place.

"Xuanyin? Xuanyang?"

"Aren't you two guarding the underground palace? How could it be?" Seeing this, Xuanmu couldn't help but say.

"I'm afraid the underground palace is not important anymore." After Xuanxin and Xuanyang finished speaking, one of them confronted Yu Rui, and the other one also dealt with a strong man among the eight leaders who also stepped into the rank of nine-star Dou Di. .

"There are five more..." Looking at the three battle circles in the sky, Xuanmu couldn't help but say.

"What is the Xuanling royal family doing?"

"What about the Xuanling King and the people from the Dragon Addiction Legion?"

"Last time, the people of the Dragon-loving Legion killed our Medusa snake guard so badly, this time we must show them a little color!" The Snake King looked around, but did not find any other powerful aura, and immediately spoke.

"Go!"

"The one in Tsing Yi in the crowd is the rare third prince of the Xuanling royal family, kill him!" With the voice of the Snake King, a shadowy figure flickered next to him, assassinating the mysterious tree below. And go.

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Xuanmu felt a wave of fear in his heart.

"Hehe, in the territory of my Xuanling royal family, when will it be your turn to go wild?" And just as the shadow was about to attack Xuanmu, a man in a silver helmet slowly appeared. , a powerful breath suddenly spread out.

"A powerhouse at the level of the Nine Stars Dou Di?" Seeing this, Qian Ying's attack was instantly shaken off, and a hint of doubt appeared in her prismatic pupils.

This breath did not resemble a strong man who had entered the Medusa clan before.

"Captain Yang..." Seeing the man in the silver helmet, Xuan Mu's face was relieved.

The person in front of him is the current leader of the Wolf Eagle Corps, Yang Tian, ​​a powerhouse at the level of the third-ranking nine-star Dou Di!

"Yang Tian..."

"Ai Li, come back!" Seeing the appearance of the strong man in front of him, the Snake King shouted directly.

Ellie's strength is only the perfection of the eight-star Dou Emperor, so she can't deal with the powerhouse who has stepped into the nine-star Dou Emperor.

"Ha ha."

"The leaders of the eight major tribes of the Medusa family gathered together, it's really a big battle." Yang Tian slowly stared at the remaining five people in the sky, the other three had already fought hard against the three of their Xuanling royal family Difficulty solving.

"Yang Tian, ​​you don't need to go through so much."

"You and I, the grievances and grievances have long been irresolvable, and the previous time, your Xuanling King brought the Dragon-loving Legion into the desert of death, almost letting the blood of our Medusa clan fall. This time, we are here to take revenge. "The snake king said coldly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha!"

"Come on then!"

"I wanted to experience the snake king of the Medusa clan's snake king tribe for a long time!" After Yang Tian finished speaking, he suddenly jumped into the sky and launched a fierce offensive with the snake king.

"There are four more..." Xuanmu couldn't help but said.

"The three of us can deal with one."

"The two of us are also willing to fight!" Not long after that, some powerhouses who were in the early and middle stages of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor also stood up one after another.

"Okay."

"Don't seek victory, as long as you don't lose." Xuanmu nodded slightly when he heard the words.

"Third brother, leave those last two to us." Just when Xuanmu was worried about the last two leaders, a laughter came out at the same time.

"Fourth brother?"

"Deputy Commander Zhuoli?" Xuanmu said in surprise as the voice appeared.

"I went out to practice with my master before. I wanted to rush back to participate in the Fairy Moon Ruins, but my master just made a breakthrough, so I missed some time." Xuan Shan said with a smile.

"Nine Star Dou Emperor?" Xuanmu couldn't help but asked in surprise.

"Yep."

"Leave the remaining two to me." After Zhuo Li finished speaking, Jiu Xing Dou Di's aura instantly swept out, and then directly confronted the last two Medusa powerhouses.

Until this time, as many as eight battle circles slowly appeared above the entire Xuanling royal family's sky.

And with the intensity of such fluctuations, the crowd below the Xuanling Royal Family and the people in the surrounding Xuanling City also became agitated.

"what is that……"

"Look at this poisonous aura It's a bit like the powerhouse of the Medusa clan."

"How could the strong Medusa clan attack the Xuanling royal family?"

"What about the Xuanling King and the people from the Dragon Addiction Legion?" Some panicked people kept ringing.

"Although your number is the same as ours, but our eight leaders, the weakest one is the Eight-star Doudi Consummation. It seems that this time, your Xuanling royal family is going to lose a lot of meat." Looking at the other seven battles, the Snake King did not The first time to do it, Wei Wei said, because he knew that he and Yang Tian were the strongest representatives of both sides, and their winning or losing largely determined their morale.

"If you want to swallow my Xuanling royal family, I'm afraid your Medusa family will also be hurt!" Yang Tian heard the words and said coldly, the current situation is extremely unfavorable for their Xuanling royal family, if they are caught by their seven leaders Anyone who frees up their hands, I am afraid that all of them will fall here!

"King Xuanling, Dragon Addiction Legion, what are you doing!" Yang Tian was extremely puzzled, but he didn't have time to think about it so much, he was busy dealing with the Snake King, he had to defeat the Snake King as soon as possible.

But what Yang Tian didn't find is that, in the eight battle circles, except for Yang Tian and Xuanyin and Xuanyang, the battle was suppressed, and the other five were actually suppressed by force!

Looking at this appearance, it seems that the Xuanling royal family is going to be unlucky.

Originally, according to my previous urination, this fight could have been written in ten chapters. Some readers are right, and it's enough to cover the not-so-important one.

Well, so that's the chapter of the fight.