Chapter Vol 4 1027: Xiao Yan shot

"What's going on here..." When the four of Xiao Yan came to the sealed place, they could only see the cyan lava, and in the cyan lava, a gap slowly appeared. As for the center wrapped by the cyan lava , it is a huge pothole with four small and one large.

"This is where the Holy Flame suppresses the blood demons..."

"I just don't know why, the atmosphere here is a little weird."

"And in this cyan melt, there is a very strong sealing power." Xiao Yi frowned on the side, and then looked around. Through his observation, he found that there are some large and small energy residues here. , which was apparently left over from the battle not long ago.

"Hide quickly!" Before Yan Chi could speak, a shocking scene slowly appeared in the cyan lava.

"This is..." And with Yan Chi roaring like this, the four figures immediately hid themselves, and then watched this scene from behind the rock on the side.

"Ghost Face Soul Flame..."

"Your domain has been broken, and you without the domain are not my opponent, so let's capture it." At this time, as the Child Gorefiend used his heart to completely shatter the domain of Ghost Face Soul Flame, the handsome face of Ghost Face Soul Flame There was a hint of solemnity.

"Gorefiend, you are so despicable."

"To condense the heart with human blood..." Ghost Face Soul Yan couldn't help cursing.

"Ever since I was suppressed by you, I know that this is the only way to destroy your realm."

"Based on human essence and blood, condensing the heart is the biggest nemesis in your field." The little child said something strange.

"King, let's do it."

"Fenxiang Pavilion and several strong men are coming here. They have three holy flames..." Seeing the blood demon envoy facing the ghost-faced soul flame with great interest, the **** sky on the other side couldn't bear it. Live reminded.

"Three holy flames?" The Gorefiend heard the words, and his voice was filled with a sense of oppression.

The power of the holy flame, the Gorefiend is clear, just one flower can suppress him, if not for some life-saving means, I am afraid that the Gorefiend will be completely obliterated...

There are three flowers in a row, I am afraid that the full power of the Gorefiend is here, and he is extremely afraid.

"In that case..."

"It's time to end." The Gorefiend heard the words, and a cloud of blood-red gas slowly emanated from the baby's milky white palm.

And this blood-red gas just appeared, and the power of the entire space suddenly became manic and restless, and even the cyan molten slurry with the powerful sealing power showed a trace of fear.

"I am afraid that this blood demon golden energy can instantly kill the powerhouses at the peak of Dou Di..." When Xiao Yan, who was concealed, saw the fluctuations in the blood demon emissary, he immediately understood, because Xiao Yan knew that it was blood. The devil's blood devil golden energy is also its most powerful means.

"Do you need to take action..." Xiao Yi also said solemnly, he knew Xiao Yan's need for Sheng Yan, so he said.

"Being not……"

"However, this Gorefiend is extremely powerful, and there are two other envoys whose strength has reached the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. If the situation is not right for a while, you can protect Mu Yingying and Yan Chi..."

"And in Yanchi's body, I don't know why, I always have a strange feeling." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, but when the blood demon golden energy appeared on the palm of the blood demon emissary, he clearly smelled the one belonging to Yan Chi. The holy flame soul species became restless.

"Okay." Xiao Yi also nodded lightly.

"I didn't expect this Gorefiend to be so powerful..."

"It is said that the Gorefiends possess an extremely evil practice, which mainly devours the blood of human beings, and cultivates to the greatest extent, which is enough to rejuvenate the youth..."

"Looking at the appearance of this Gorefiend, I am afraid that the cultivation is also close to the culmination. This is tricky." Yan Chi's eyes were slightly cold, and he said to the evil child in front of him with a chilling meaning.

"Gorefiend, I won't let you succeed!" Seeing this, Ghost-faced Soulyan saw the power of powerful blue holy flames emerge directly, and then an indescribable wave was slowly born.

"Ghost-faced soul seal!" With a loud shout, countless wandering ghosts and wild ghosts were immediately wrapped in blue holy flames, and then blasted away from the ghost-faced soul flames at the Gorefiend.

"Ghost Qi?" Seeing this scene, even Xue Tian Xue Xuan's eyes became hesitant, because they didn't know at all, when did this Ghost Face Soul Flame master the power of ghost Qi?

"Ghost face and soul flame is the flame of the ghost world, so it's not surprising that you have mastered ghost qi." At this time, the Gorefiend said dignifiedly.

At this time, the Gorefiend turned into a human child, but he knew that his current strength was only a part of his peak period, and it would undoubtedly be difficult to deal with the ghost face and soul inflammation.

"Blood Demon Gold Qi!"

"Blood stains the sky!" The next moment, the Gorefiend gave a loud shout, and the blood-red gas from his fingers suddenly converged into a long spear of 100 meters.

"Ghost face and soul seal!"

"Give me a seal!" And on the handsome face of Ghost Face Soul Flame, there was also a ferocious appearance, and then the abnormally flickering cyan flame wrapped with a very strange ghost energy, turning into a wandering ghost, right With that amazing blood gun attacked away.

"Boom boom boom!" The **** spear with astonishing light and countless wandering ghosts just collided with each other, and suddenly there was a huge shock.

"Crash!" A circle of ripples with invisible coercion suddenly spread out from the attack center of the two, like a raging beast.

"This Gorefiend is actually so tyrannical, with only half of his strength, fighting against the Holy Flame Spirit..." Then the next moment, that Yan Chi spoke slowly.

"King..." Looking at the two people who were constantly fighting in the ~ Xuetian and Xuexuan were both worried, after all, if they were sealed by this thing once, I am afraid their plan this time. It's all in vain.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Susu..."

"The spirit of ghost face and soul flame... The last time I was defeated by your move..."

"But the same loss, this king will not suffer twice!"

"So... it's time to end!" Then the next moment, the child's figure of the Gorefiend suddenly became extremely bloody. Drops of scarlet blood flowed out of the child's body, and then directly faced the ghost face in the sky. Soul flame burst out.

"This guy... is crazy." And when he saw the Gorefiend so crazy, there was a look in the eyes of the Ghost Face Soul Flame.

This scarlet blood is the source of the blood demon, even a drop is enough to cost him decades of cultivation!

"Death to this king!" The Gorefiend roared in the sky, his voice full of evil intentions.

"I can't get it out..." Ghost-faced Soul-yan just wanted to turn his head to deal with the blood power of the Gorefiend, but was directly stopped by Xuetian and Xuexuan.

"Ghost face and soul inflammation, it's time to end." As soon as Xuetian Xuexuan's voice fell, a monstrous evil force emerged, and then resisted the ghost face and soul inflammation.

And the next moment, when Ghost Face Soul Yan slowly closed his eyes and was about to do something, a very loud voice echoed in this space: "Gore Demon clan's chops are really annoying."

.. m.