Chapter Vol 4 1408: Ancient situation!

"Bastard!" Seeing the two shadows in front of him disappear directly with the help of the space formation, the monk in Tsing Yi who stood in the sky suddenly cursed secretly, his voice full of fear.

Although this Xun'er is currently mediocre in strength, a superpower of their level has a background that is enough to turn a sparrow into a phoenix, not to mention that this Xun'er is still the most authoritative one among the ancient clan.

"Damn Son of Light... If the bishop knows about this, I'm afraid that my identity may not be guaranteed..." Seeing the two girls who disappeared in an instant, the Tsing Yi cultivator wanted to cry without tears.

The space scroll used by the two girls, at a glance, knew that it was the handwriting of a fighting immortal powerhouse.

"Sir, how are you doing now?" asked the black monks and white monks below.

For this action, they all obeyed the Tsing Yi cultivator and knew nothing about the content of the action.

"Forget it, let's go back first." Instantly, the cultivator in Tsing Yi also slowly shook his head.

"Weng buzzing!" When everyone heard the words, they immediately withdrew the encirclement, left here, and headed towards the Holy See headquarters.

Douyun Continent, the headquarters of the Holy See.

This is an extremely top-notch mountain range. At the top of the mountain, a beam of light that reaches the sky is reflected in the clouds. The beam is full of a strong light attribute aura. No evil thing can get close to it, and here is the headquarters of the Holy See.

A dark place under the mountains.

"Why haven't there been any news yet? It's been so long..." At this time, a man in red was walking back and forth in a hurry.

This man is now the Son of Light of the Holy See. At a young age, the light attribute in his body has reached the most powerful one in the Holy See for countless years. He is a well-deserved Son of Light.

However, everyone only knows that this man is the Son of Light, but few people know that the man's real name is Liu Weiang!

"My lord... the matter failed." After a while, the space behind the tree wriggled slightly, and the figure of the blue-clothed cultivator suddenly appeared. He just appeared, and suddenly said with a hint of apology.

"what?"

"Failed?"

"You are a dignified half-immortal strong, can you let their two weak women escape from your hands?" The Son of Light heard that, anger surged, and he snorted directly.

"My lord, to be honest, although these two women are weak, they have the space scrolls of fighting immortals on their bodies, so they easily escaped our roundup..." The Tsing Yi cultivator hurriedly explained.

The Tsing Yi cultivator's identity is not low, but in the eyes of the Holy See's senior management, it is no different from a errand, not to mention that in the eyes of the Son of Light, his own life and death are just a matter of his eyes.

"What a waste..." The Son of Light glanced at the Tsing Yi cultivator with great disgust, and then kicked it with an extremely terrifying energy fluctuation.

"Hey, my lord." In order to save his life, the Tsing Yi cultivator had no choice but to accompany him with a smile.

"Go away..." The Son of Light sneered.

"Weng buzzing!" As soon as the Son of Light's voice fell, the Tsing Yi cultivator left here cautiously.

"Xiao Xun'er... Since my son of light was born, there has never been anything that I can't get..."

"Wait, sooner or later, I will make you surrender to me completely..." As the Child of Light spoke, a milky white light appeared between the eyebrows, and the milky white light was as pure and flawless as the birth of a baby.

ancient.

"Crash!" The space channel flashed. It appeared in the middle of an extremely vast grassy field.

"Xun'er, Xiaoqing?" On the grass at this moment, a lazy old man spoke slowly, his voice filled with an incredible look.

"Master, I want to enter the Holy Land." Xun'er poured out directly from the space channel, and then said to the old man with a firm expression.

"No, the Holy Land is too dangerous and not suitable for you." Peerless Heavenly Emperor heard and shook his head in rejection.

"Master!" Looking at Peerless Heavenly Emperor's direct rejection, in Xun'er's beautiful eyes, golden flames slowly emerged, and the moment the flames emerged, it turned this space into agitation. Obviously, there seemed to be something strange in Xun'er's body. general strength.

"But... ugh."

"That's all." Peerless Heavenly Emperor seemed to want to say something, but looking at the firm look in Xun'er's eyes, he shook his head.

"Thank you, Master." Hearing the Peerless Heavenly Emperor agree, Xun'er's stubborn expression was slightly relieved, and his eyebrows relaxed.

"Let's go down to rest today, and then enter tomorrow?" After thinking for a while, Peerless Heavenly Emperor looked at Xun'er, as if asking for her opinion.

"Forget it, it's better to choose a day than to hit the sun, let's do it now." Xun'er shook her head slightly, obviously the plan to find Xiao Yan was shelved, and it was of no use to the ancients. It would be better to enter the Holy Land as soon as possible. Under control, this ancient clan will follow their own lead, and it will be much easier when they want to find Xiao Yan.

"Weng Om!" Peerless Heavenly Emperor looked at Xun'er, who was so stubborn, and shook his head slowly, and then got up directly. The pale palm was suddenly filled with some ancient golden lines, and then those golden lines suddenly appeared on his palm. The center gathered, and in an instant, the void directly in front of the three formed a giant golden gate.

"This is the Holy Land passage. It connects the location of the ancient Holy Land, and it will guide you." Looking at the golden giant gate, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor said.

"Master, thank you." Looking at the golden giant gate in front of him, Xun'er suddenly noticed that within the golden giant gate, something seemed to be calling the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan within him, so he solemnly greeted the peerless Heavenly Emperor. He bowed and smiled.

"Boom!" With a sound, Xun'er's figure instantly disappeared into the golden giant gate, apparently heading towards the Holy Land, and the time it takes to enter the Holy Land can't be said to take a year or ten years, or even... a hundred years. .

"Master... Is this your plan?" Seeing Xun'er pouring into the Holy Land without hesitation, Gu Qing, who was next to him, couldn't help but ask with a sour nose.

Since Xun'er came to the ancient clan, the peerless emperor has been teaching her, and as Xun'er's senior sister, she can naturally discover the transcendental talent of this girl in cultivation, even if she is a little inferior, But such an excellent woman, the reason for her cultivation was just to find her lover.

"Xiaoqing... everything in the world Love hurts the most..."

"I did this because of difficulties, and you will understand in the future." As Xun'er entered the Holy Land and Gu Qing's inquiry, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor also said deeply.

"Hope it..." Gu Qing also shook her head slowly. Obviously, although her strength is not bad, among the superpowers of the ancient clan, there is no right to change the decision of the high-level, so she just whispered softly, thus disappeared here.

"Xun'er, although it is indeed within my calculations to let you go to find your lover or even the Son of Light, but everything is for your own good."

"I admit that I am not a good teacher. Although most of these things are for my own selfishness, but more, let you enter the Holy Land, but it belongs to your mission, you can't shirk..."

"I hope what I do this time is correct." The Peerless Heavenly Emperor's eyes became deep, and a deep breath suddenly spread over this land. That breath turned out to be a forged knife of the level of a five-star fighting immortal. Thunder Valley Master Du Tianhong is still tyrannical!

.