Chapter Vol 4 1144: Mystery man!

Ghost King City is located dozens of miles away from the Ghost King Ridge Spirit Beast Mountains. This Ghost King City presents a mountainous terrain as a whole. At first glance, people can't help but look like the mouth of a bottle. It is a rare treasure. There are people coming and going, and the flow of people is quite large, which makes Ghost King City almost the most prosperous city within a radius of hundreds of kilometers.

After all, if nothing else, the entire city of Ghost King City occupies an area of ​​nearly ten kilometers in the basin.

And in this huge treasure land, the Ghost King City, there are also four major forces.

The Yu family, the Qing family, the Lei family, and the City Lord's Mansion jointly built the entire power of the entire Ghost King City.

Among the four forces, the Yu family has the most overall strength, followed by the Qing family, and the Lei family last.

As for the City Lord's Mansion, it does not participate in the grievances and grievances of the Ghost King City, but the people in the Ghost King City are rumored that the City Lord's Mansion is sheltered by the great figures of the ghost world, so since the City Lord's Mansion was established, no one has ever dared to question its location.

Recently, because the City Lord's Mansion is about to hold an auction, the Ghost King City has become even more lively. A rather strict access control has been set up at the gate of the Ghost King City, in order to prevent unidentified people from entering. It is extremely precious, and there must be many thieves who are immortal.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the auction held by the City Lord's Mansion, every item is extremely valuable, and according to some gossip, this auction is not just an auction. What was dispatched to do in the auction, as for the specifics, it is unknown.

At the gate of Ghost King City, there is a huge copper wall and iron wall that towers into the clouds, nearly 50 meters.

"Hey, the young master and the eldest lady of the Qing family." After a while, the three of Xiao Yan slowly came to the city gate, and were immediately stopped by the city gate guard.

The person who stopped Qing Wen was a soldier with considerable status. The soldier's strength reached the level of the Nine-Star Dou Di. Among the soldiers, no matter in terms of strength or prestige, they were all excellent existences.

"Captain Dao, what's the matter?" Qing Wen seemed to have known it for a long time, without any surprise, he showed good self-discipline and smiled at his soldiers.

"Hahaha."

"Master Qing, what are you talking about, this is not a routine..." The soldiers who stopped the three of Qing Wen said with some difficulty.

He is also suffering in his heart, but there is no way to do it. The city owner has issued a death order. If the suspicious person is released into the ghost king city, once anything is stolen from the auction, I am afraid that these soldiers will suffer. , it is not such a simple scolding.

"This is my sister, I believe you know." When Qing Wen heard the words, he naturally knew the seriousness of the auction and had already anticipated this situation.

"Hehe, Miss Qing is getting better and better as she grows." The soldier commander said slowly, and then stared at Xiao Yan hesitantly. Obviously, Xiao Yan was quite condescending, which might make the soldier suspicious.

"Have you been discovered..." Xiao Yan murmured helplessly in his heart, but he didn't speak when he looked at Qing Wen, who was calm and composed.

"This little brother is a bit ignorant, he shouldn't be from our Ghost King City, I don't know..." The soldier commander just wanted Xiao Yan to report his family, but when he saw Qingwen, he hesitated for a while.

Although the Qing family is not the most powerful family in Ghost King City, the Qing family is enough to be the leader of the entire Ghost King City, both politically and in terms of connections, and the guy in front of him and Qing Wen are together, so the relationship goes without saying.

"Captain Knife, take a step to speak." Qing Wenwen made a gesture of "please" at Battalion Knife, and then smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Okay." Battalion Commander Dao didn't ink any ink, and walked aside with Qing Wen.

"Young Master Qing, to be honest, the auction is just around the corner, and the investigation is strict..." With only himself and Qing Wen around, Battalion Commander Dao couldn't help but spit bitterness.

"Hey, battalion commander Knife, I know I know."

"This is a little thought from me, you can accept it." Qing Wen smiled, and then took out a rather exquisite money cloth bag, looking at the heavy weight, I'm afraid it is worth a lot.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Master Qing, let's talk about this guy." Battalion Dao glanced left and right and found that no one was looking at him, he hurriedly put it away, and then said.

"Captain Knife, I won't hide it from you."

"Qing'er is now at the age of marriage. This little brother is the young master of a certain family. Whether it is family background or strength, our Qing family is quite satisfied. In addition, we are in love with Qing'er."

"This time, I came to Ghost King City to talk about matchmaking, and I wanted to show him the auction." Qing Wen said slowly.

"Pfft." Just as Qing Wen finished speaking, Xiao Yan, who was not far away, almost turned his head over. No matter how far apart, with Xiao Yan's soul power, the conversation between the two of them was naturally blocked by Xiao Yan. Hungry and listen.

It's just, Qing Wen, you can't find a better excuse even if you make an excuse?

I'm here for the media?

Xiao Yan's heart is bitter, thinking about Xun'er's proud and jealous appearance, and adding Cailin, now there is another Mu Yingying, now Xiao Yan doesn't know how to explain to Xun'er, if there is another one here , I'm afraid Xun'er knows and can go berserk.

"I see."

"Since it's a trivial matter then you guys can go in." Battalion Commander Knife was relieved when he heard this. After all, he could smell a dangerous fluctuation from Xiao Yan. Seeing Xiao Yan's eyes are a little ambiguous, this matter is really out of ten.

"Thank you, Battalion Commander Dao." After Qing Wenwen finished speaking, she led Xiao Yan and Qing'er towards the city gate.

"Let's go, after passing the checkpoint at the city gate, not far away is our Qing family's mansion." Qing'er smiled and then directly crossed the city gate.

Just after passing through the city gate, Xiao Yan was greeted by a bustling city extending in all directions, and shouts could be heard endlessly.

"Wait a minute." But just after entering the downtown area, Xiao Yan said out of his mouth.

"What's wrong?" Qing Wen hurriedly asked after hearing the words.

"Don't you think that this person is a little suspicious..." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes were fixed on a figure covered in black marks. On that figure, a familiar aura slowly emerged!

Xiao Yan has been in Ghost King City for so long, if he were to talk about the familiar atmosphere, it would definitely only be someone from their Yu family!

"This guy should be a member of the Yu family. Judging from this appearance, the Yu family should have some big moves. Do you want to follow?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Qing'er, go back first. Brother Xiao Yan and I will go and see." Qing Wen also knew the importance of the matter and said immediately.

"En." Qing'er nodded lightly, and then the three of them slowly dispersed.

And even if the mysterious black-clothed man was extremely secretive, he didn't know that he was already being targeted.