Chapter Vol 4 1401: Borrow the holy flame to suppress!

"Is this...is the battle between the Supremes?" In Leicheng's territory, countless figures raised their heads and stared at the tens of thousands of meters in the sky, where the terrifying energy covered the sky and the sun, constantly erupting deafening explosion sound.

There, there is a supreme power that convinces everyone, Duo Tianhong, the overlord of Dongzhou, and two enemies who are trying to provoke the dignity of the overlord of Dongzhou!

"Gu master...you can't lose..."

"Come on, Valley Master!"

"Forging Valley is invincible!" Most of the huge crowd were uninformed people, but looking at the extremely evil aura in the sky, they also noticed something, immediately clenched their fists, and cheered for the enemy. .

"Boom!" A burst of heart-pounding fluctuations suddenly dispersed from the center of the explosion, and then the body of the yellow scorching sun and the blood soul exploded in an instant, and a wave of destruction erupted.

"retreat!"

"Go back!" Even if Xiao Yan in the distance had long expected, the two five-star fighting immortals probably did not fall so easily, but when he felt the energy ripples that could easily obliterate him, he couldn't help his scalp numb, and his head was numb. Without returning, he fled towards the bottom.

"Crash!" The terrifying wave that erupted from the complete detonation of the yellow scorching sun and the Blood Soul Guard was enough to easily obliterate any four-star Fighting Immortal, so after Xiao Yan made a sound, the other eight leaders also retreated abruptly.

"Weng buzzing!" The exploding Yu Bo slowly dissipated, and suddenly three figures were still standing upright in the tens of thousands of meters in the sky.

"How can it be……"

"impossible!"

"Five Star Fighting Immortal late stage?"

"Isn't your body restricted by the origin of the King of the Burning Soul Clan?"

"How is it possible to restore the power of the peak?" The explosion just dissipated, and the fire crime suddenly turned his face into shame. In addition, the soul was stunned and screamed again and again, but Du Tianhong, on the other hand, seemed to be nothing.

"If you are not prepared, how can you try to obliterate you two five-star fighting immortals with one person's strength?"

"To be able to harvest the five soul guards of the Soul Palace and the two Huo Sin envoys of sin, this time the plan is really perfect." Duo Tianhong held the Lei Di scepter tightly in his hand and looked down. With the help of his three major immortal weapons, he is now invincible among the five-star fighting immortals!

"Little chops!"

"It's all your fault!" After a while, Hun Qianmo's attention under the black fog was focused on Xiao Yan, who was a hundred meters away, apparently able to expel the Burning Soul Clan. The origin of the king is only holy flame.

"Weng Om Om!" Xiao Yan couldn't help shivering when he was so solidified by the five-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"It's time to end!" Facing Hun Qianmo's move, Duo Tianhong waved his hand at will, and immediately shook his coercion away.

"Humph!"

"Although the plan failed, it's not that easy to arrest me..."

"And at this time, I am afraid that the inside of your knife-forging Thunder Valley has already been wiped out, so my purpose has been achieved!"

"Huo Guizhi, our account will be reckoned in the future!"

"Duan Tianhong, this guard won't play with you anymore!"

"See you next time, this guard will definitely bring back the old and new hatreds together!" Hun Qianmo snorted coldly, and bursts of sorrow sounded in the dark fog.

"Want to run?"

"I Dongzhou, didn't you just come when you said it, and leave when you said it?" Duan Tianhong sneered, his overlord aura showed no doubt.

"The legs and feet are on me, whether to go or stay, it's not up to you!"

"Farewell!" Hun Qianmo said with a gloomy smile, and then the black robe suddenly swelled up, and then a gloomy ghostly energy kept squirming, and it instantly covered his real body.

"Xiao Yan!"

"Let me use the fire!" Du Tianhong also knew that the organization of the Soul Palace was too mysterious. If it was allowed to escape, it would cause extremely tyrannical sequelae, so no matter what it was said, it would not be allowed to escape!

"Okay!" Xiao Yan nodded abruptly when he heard the words, and then the khaki-yellow holy flame crystal in his body suddenly left his body and shot away at Duan Tianhong. At that time, Xiao Yan's aura was also wilted!

"Holy Flame Crystal?"

"Death to this envoy!" The Huo Sin envoy in the injured state was obviously a lamb to be slaughtered, but when he saw the prismatic holy flame crystal, he suddenly shot, because in their sins, they were in control of the seal suppression. Holy flame method!

"Go away!" Huo Sin made a violent figure, chasing directly at Sheng Yanjing, but when he was about to get Sheng Yanjing, he was kicked out by Du Tianhong, and his body flew upside down, like a dead dog In general, the face is hideous!

After all, the difference between the early stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortal and the late stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortal is too great, not to mention Du Tianhong in his heyday and Huo Xunshi in an injured state, the difference in strength between the two is too great.

"Susu..." Soul Qianmo turned into a black mist of hundreds of feet, and his body was shrouded in it, but this space had been completely sealed by Duo Tianhong. If he wanted to escape, it would obviously take a lot of time.

"Weng buzzing!" The khaki-yellow holy flame crystal just poured into Duo Tianhong's hands, and suddenly droplets of khaki-yellow liquid emerged suddenly, like a supreme being surrounded by flames and thunder!

Saint Flame can be borrowed, as long as the Master of Saint Flame agrees and is willing, even though Saint Flame leaves the Master of Saint Flame for a very short time, it will return to its body.

"Weng Om!" Surrounded by khaki flames and gray thunderbolts, Duo Tianhong immediately came into the black mist without hesitation, and the dazzling aura was undoubtedly on display, and Hun Qianmo's real body was also in such a tyrannical aura. Down, reflected in Duo Tianhong's eyes.

The power of the holy flame is not only to deal with foreign evil races, but also has miraculous effects on some spooky and eerie guys in the ghost world of the Soul Temple.

"Soul body?" Duo Tianhong frowned when he saw Soul Qianmo swimming around in the black fog. Obviously, the identity of the Soul Palace is too mysterious, even he doesn't know the specific identity, but now he looks at it. , couldn't help but be surprised.

"Weng Om!" Soul Qianmo was like a human body at this time, but the whole body was colorless and transparent, which was a symbol of the soul's weight, and even above the soul body, blood-colored chains suddenly emerged, and his body was smashed. To set off more mysterious.

"No wonder there are some people who are hated by people..." The next moment, his eyes were looking around, but he saw thousands of weak souls in the black fog, escaping around, trying to leave the black fog , but the black fog seems to have some kind of special confinement, no matter how they escape, they cannot do without the black fog.

"Damn it..."

"I can't think of my dignified Soul Palace Five Soul Guards, and there is today!" Soul Qianmo, who was found to be his true body, laughed at himself, and his voice was full of anger. In the current situation, I am afraid that it is too late to escape.

"Fall together!"

"Susu!" In an instant Hun Qianmo's blood-colored chains suddenly pulled back, and there were waves of tumbling blood-colored black clouds on the surface of the illusory soul body. diffused out.

"Blow yourself up..."

"I blew myself up in the eyes of Duo Tianhong in the late Five Star Fighting Immortal..."

"It wasn't a wise choice."

"Since you caused the disaster in Dongzhou this time, let it end with the failure of the two of you."

"If it wasn't for keeping you guys, I'm afraid that at this time, you are already dead souls under the sword in my hands!" A sound of contempt sounded, and suddenly gray thunder and khaki flames emerged at the same time, and then the soul and weakness were easily removed. The fiery sins under the shackles are bound up!

Solving these two culprits, the Eastern Continent Difficulty, also announced the end.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: