Chapter 328: Sad reminder of the 6th Prince Du He!

There was a group of five people, the leader was a burly man with a very conspicuous scar on his left eye, and the other four slowly followed behind.

"Is it right here?" A man with a fierce aura also said slowly to the people around him.

"Reporting to the Sixth Prince, the three people who are eligible to enter our Xuanling Emperor Pond for immersion this time are in it..." A follower also said slowly.

"Since it's on the way this time, let me take them back." The man known as the Sixth Prince also said slowly, but there was a strong contempt in his voice, obviously for the three most outstanding Miaozi felt strange to join the Burning Incense Pavilion, and even if they joined the Burning Incense Pavilion, they still had to go to soak in the extremely precious Xuanling Emperor Pond in their Xuanling Imperial Family!

That is the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

Even their direct descendants are not qualified to enter. The only way to enter is only those who have made great contributions to the Xuanling Royal Family.

Du He, the sixth prince of the Xuanling royal family, is a powerful man in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Di.

"What kind of people are these people, how can the lions open their mouths to ask our Xuanling royal family to come up with three qualifications..." Du He is also extremely puzzled. Obviously, he is outside all year round, and he is also concerned about some of the current Xuanling royal family. The form is also unclear.

"Reporting to the sixth prince, these three people participated in the points looting competition and made great contributions to the fight against the twin ghost emperors. Therefore, they have united the powerhouses of the nine super sects, and they will definitely give it together..." The entourage also continued, the three behind the back. The position is more like a guard, protecting the six princes.

"It doesn't matter, let's go in first." Du He also shook his head, and then suddenly urged his grudge.

"Sixth prince, absolutely!"

"The sky above each of these sects is forbidden. If you forcibly break in, even if you are the sixth prince of the Xuanling royal family, these sects have sufficient reasons to kill you..." The entourage was also frightened. Then he said to the sixth prince.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Why is it so troublesome..." Du He also stared slightly at the red-hot Burning Heaven Territory, and a faint wave emanated from it, it seemed that what his entourage said was true.

"Sixth prince, let's forget it. The three of them going to the Xuanling Royal Family will definitely be led by their strong Fenxiang Pavilion. After all, the relationship between our Xuanling Imperial Family and the Fenxiang Pavilion is also..."

"Let's not get involved..." The attendant also whispered.

"Since you are here, you must not return empty-handed." Du He also said plainly, as if the breath just disappeared, revealing the dignity and elegance that a prince should have.

"But it's not like you don't know the temper of our King Xuanling..."

"If it doesn't work out..." The attendant was also extremely worried.

"enough!"

"I have the final say here!" Du He also said angrily.

"Hey……"

"These six princes are still so confused to win the respect of King Xuanling..."

"Dangtang Burning Incense Pavilion, isn't it something you can shake as a mere five-star fighting emperor in the late stage..." The entourage also slowly retreated behind Du He, and then slowly looked at the sky above Burning Tianyu.

He has already notified the people of the Burning Incense Pavilion, and he will surely come out to greet them soon.

"Old Bamboo..."

"This is..." Xiao Yan also relied on his huge soul power to sense the five Du He, and then turned his head to look at Zhu Lao.

"Hehe, it's okay, let's bask him for a while."

"You go and call those Mu Yingying and Mu Feng. It's better to hit the sun if you choose another day. Today we will follow them to the Xuanling Royal Family."

"The effect of the Xuanling Emperor Pond is quite peculiar." Elder Zhu also smiled slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan agreed, then slowly exited the room and walked towards Wuzhuju.

At this time, Xiao Yan also did not care about the cultivation method of spiritual power or other things. After all, it was more important to soak in the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

Because the Xuanling royal family seems to have a relationship with Shengyan...

Even Xiao Yan had a bold guess!

It is very likely that Sheng Yan is in the Xuanling royal family!

"Hehe, Du He, the sixth prince of the Xuanling royal family..." Elder Zhu also said slowly, then with a movement, he instantly disappeared into his wooden house.

"Damn Burning Incense Pavilion!" Du He originally waited quietly outside the Burning Heaven Territory, but minutes passed by, and people from the Burning Incense Pavilion were not seen coming out to greet him, which made him extremely unhappy.

After all, what are you talking about? Du He is also a dignified prince. Wherever he goes, he is not a servile and courteous person. When and where did he receive this kind of treatment?

"It seems that the relationship between the Burning Incense Pavilion and our Xuanling Royal Family will only be more serious than I imagined..." The follower also sighed slowly. After all, he is only a lowly follower, and he knows very little about the relationship between the two.

But one thing this follower can be sure of is that the sixth prince will definitely not be able to eat and walk around, because the background of the Burning Incense Pavilion is extremely terrifying.

"Fenxiang Pavilion, why don't you come out to meet this king?" The sixth prince, Du He, was also full of breath, and then gathered his fighting spirit into a voice, which spread mightily outside the Fentian Territory.

"Hehe, who am I supposed to be..."

"It turned out to be King Xuanling's dog son." A strange voice also slowly appeared beside Du He.

Then the next moment, Du He also felt that the source of the voice came from all directions in front of him...

And he couldn't find the source of the sound at all, which made Du He a little scared.

In this case, there is only one possibility, then the person who came here at this time is much stronger than himself...

"We don't welcome people from the Xuanling royal family here."

"Tell me, do you want to kill yourself here or do I do it?" After speaking, an old man dressed in plain clothes also slowly appeared outside the Burning Heaven Domain and then the smiling old man Du Hewu people.

When Du He and the other five saw the old man, a fearful thought also occurred spontaneously, and the next moment, they turned around and ran away without looking back!

Because the five of them all felt the real killing intent from this old man!

"damn it!"

"This is an accident..." Du He also stopped with a few people around him when he had escaped some distance, because they discovered that the space outside the Burning Heaven Territory was actually banned by the old man. !

"Sixth Prince, you go first!" The three guards beside him also said to Du He.

Although Du He is eager to make a contribution, their responsibility is to protect the sixth prince, even if it is shattered...

"Haha, let's do it." Elder Zhu also spoke slowly.

"It seems that the relationship between Lao Zhu and the Xuanling royal family seems to be worse than I thought..." Xiao Yan also secretly said, at the same time, the three of them, Mu Feng and Mu Yingying, were also rushing out of the Burning Heaven Territory. .

"Elder Dangtang Burning Incense Pavilion is actually embarrassing a junior like me, so I'm not afraid of others laughing at it when it spreads?" Du He also knew that there was no hope of escape, and immediately said in a deep voice.

"Haha, this is all learned from your father Wang..."

"You brought it into our Burning Incense Pavilion sect without authorization, in an attempt to steal the secrets of my sect, is this reason enough?"

"Die..." After Elder Zhu finished speaking, an extremely terrifying wave slowly radiated out.

Ask for tickets!