Chapter Vol 4 1167: Failed to snatch

"If I expected it well..."

"You are definitely not the mysterious person in that private room!" The next moment, Hua Guard stared at the black-robed man floating in the air and said, his voice full of confidence.

"Why do you see it?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, and immediately said.

Could it be that your figure was discovered by this guy?

Shouldn't it be?

This Hua Guard is not strong, and his soul power is quite weak, how can he see through his identity?

"I have felt the breath of a mysterious person in private room No. 1. His soul power is not so powerful."

"And the power of your soul is so tyrannical, it symbolizes that you are a high-level pharmacist. Just in the auction, there is a pharmacist who is also relieved of his soul power..." Hua guard said earnestly.

"You...you're the alchemist of the third rank emperor!" Yang Fei was surprised when he heard the words.

"Since you already know, then..."

"Die!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the three hundred-zhang flame dragons suddenly appeared behind him and roared away directly at the two of them.

The dragon carried a khaki-yellow flame, like the afterglow of the apocalypse, rendering the entire Korean pine forest.

"No, this is a formation!"

"Young regiment commander, let's go!" The next moment, Hua Guard shouted loudly, and directly used all his strength to try to block Xiao Yan away.

Hua Guard knows the power of the formation, but his current strength in the middle stage of the One Star Fighting Immortal, if he wants to break the formation and escape with Yang Fei, it will be a fool's dream.

"Guardian Hua, this..." There was a dignified expression on Yang Fei's face, obviously the pressure Xiao Yan put on the two of them was unusual.

"Since you can't run, let's fight!"

"It happens to be in the formation at this time, if this guy can be obliterated..."

"The Immortal Spirit Pill and the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal on his body belong to us." After struggling for a while, he found that the formation could not be cracked. Immediately, Guard Hua changed his cowardice and said directly to Xiao Yan.

"Have you changed your mind?" The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth hidden under the black robe moved slightly.

"Boy, if there is a way to heaven, you don't go, but if there is no door to hell, you break in."

"Suffer to death!" After Hua Guard finished speaking, he suddenly tore the robe covering his body in an instant, revealing a rather strange scene.

"This is..." But Xiao Yan looked at Hua Guard like this, and couldn't help but congeal. Obviously, although this guy's strength is only in the middle stage of 2-star Dou Xian, there is no doubt that this is the first time he has encountered such a difficult situation. guy.

"Thunder explosion!" The next moment, Hua Guard burst out, and then above his body, fist-sized silver thunders slowly covered his body.

"Zizi!" The silver thunder slowly flowed and covered Hua Guard's body, and suddenly a terrifying power of thunder that made the scalp numb, slowly burst out.

"What a thunder-type fighting immortal power..."

"And the tyranny of this body alone is probably enough to compare to some late stage One Star Fighting Immortal powerhouses." Xiao Yan's eyes were vicious, and he could see the clue at a glance.

"Boy, die!"

"After you die, we will enjoy your things well."

"Hahaha." After Hua Guard finished speaking, the figure suddenly moved like a ghost, and moved quickly, leaving a circle of afterimages wherever the figure passed along the way!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" Hua Guard came to Xiao Yan, and immediately slammed his palm out, hitting Xiao Yan Tian Ling Gai suddenly, looking at the appearance, he wanted to use thunder to obliterate Xiao Yan.

"It's good to come!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan suddenly smiled, and then a trace of khaki flames also emanated from his palm, and then he waved it directly, and then intertwined heavily with Hua Guard's palm.

"Boom boom boom!" The palms of the two met, and suddenly an explosion sounded slowly behind the two of them.

"Good boy, it's interesting."

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, the palms of the two of them were directly put away at the same time, and then they both stepped back dozens of steps, and then Hua Guard said with a venom in his eyes.

"This guy……"

"What a tyrannical power of thunder." Xiao Yan took a few dozen steps back to stabilize his figure, and couldn't help muttering.

Just now, he used the power of the holy flame of Huoxin Tianyan to directly confront Hua Guard, but he did not gain an overwhelming advantage as usual. On the contrary, he was continuously eroded by Hua Guard's thunder power. With the power of flame, Xiao Yan finally had no choice but to attack separately.

It can be said that in the fight just now, Xiao Yan was at a disadvantage.

"Fire!" Xiao Yan naturally didn't believe in this evil. Since the power of one holy flame is not enough, then the second one, he would like to see how this guy's thunder power can resist the power of holy flame several times.

Hua Huwei's body also fluctuated violently. Although his attack just now gained the upper hand, only he knew that the khaki flames that had just disappeared without his own power of thunder appeared in his body, causing him to overturn the river and the sea in his body. Quite painful.

"Thunder Tiger!" But seeing Xiao Yan's attack coming, Hua Guard didn't dare to hesitate, directly pressing down on the severe pain emanating from his body, he let out a loud cry.

"Hohohoho!" As the voice of Hua Guard just fell, a silver fighting immortal power emerged directly from his body, and in front of him, a thundering giant tiger about a hundred feet in size slowly formed!

The Thunder Giant Tiger was covered in silver, and the outermost circle was actually surrounded by the power of thunder, and the silver hair all over his body exuded tyrannical power.

"Then take a look..."

"It's your Thunder Tiger that is powerful, or my flame dragon!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his soul power suddenly emerged from his body, and then he controlled the flame dragon formed by the fusion of blue-yellow flames and attacked Hua Guard. And go.

"What a powerful attack..."

"Guardian Hua..." When Yang Fei saw this, he couldn't help but muttered ~ After muttering, he looked at guard Hua.

At this time, Hua Guard still had a smile on his face, but that smile was full of extremely terrifying fluctuations.

"Holy Flame..." The next moment, as the blue-yellow flame giant easily pierced through the body of the Thunder Giant Tiger, all of them were the body of Hua Guard, and it also became illusory. Obviously, the Thunder Giant Tiger had a close relationship with him. .

"Hua Guard!" But seeing this moment, Yang Fei couldn't help shouting loudly, his voice full of anger.

"It's over..." Xiao Yan couldn't control it either, he directly controlled the blue-yellow flame dragon, and instantly immersed Hua Guard's body into it.

"I didn't expect to see Shengyan in my lifetime..."

"But the head of the regiment has kindness to me. This kindness must be repaid!"

"Let's go!" Seeing his body becoming more and more illusory, Hua Guard said slightly, and after speaking, it turned into a storm of energy, which was completely ignited in the formation.

"Hua Guard, don't!" Yang Fei said with a tear in his pupils, because when Hua Guard exploded, he used his strength to send himself out of the formation.

"Want to explode?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but let out a loud cry, but before he had time to act, the overwhelming power of thunder suddenly exploded in his formation.

"It's really unfortunate..." Xiao Yan frowned as he looked at Yang Fei who was gradually moving away. Obviously, Xiao Yan did not dare to underestimate the self-destruction of a mid-stage One Star Fighting Immortal.

End of this chapter