Chapter Vol 4 1121: Blank screen in Ghost Moon Well

With the start of the battle, it was already night, and the bright moonlight shone on the Yinyuetan, which looked quite soft.

"Brother Xiao Yan." As soon as Qing Wen arrived on the open space in the center of Yinyuetan, he greeted Xiao Yan.

"Brother Qing, you are here." Seeing this, Xiao Yan naturally smiled slowly.

"Brother Xiao Yan is really hidden. I never imagined that the spirit beasts as powerful as the Azure Ox were bought by Brother Xiao Yan." Qing Wen said.

"It's good luck, I happened to have some medicinal pills in my hand and made a deal with it." Xiao Yan naturally concealed this matter easily. After all, the flaming beast is the king of all beasts, and the less people know about it, the better. .

"By the way, this Ghost Moon Well..." Looking at Qing Wen and the two, Xiao Yan hurriedly changed the subject.

"It stands to reason that Ghost Moon Well must be full moon night to reveal its mystery. Although the moon is bright today, there is still one day left before the full moon night." The three-zhang-sized Ghost Moon Well opened its mouth slightly after glancing at the bright moon hanging in the air.

"However, it's not impossible." At the next moment, Qing'er smiled slightly, revealing two small dimples, which was quite charming.

"Yep?"

"What can I do?" Xiao Yan was slightly startled when he heard the words. Obviously, this Ghost Moon Well was rumored to be false, and Xiao Yan was looking forward to taking a look.

"Brother, let's do it." Qing'er said slightly.

"En." When Qing Wen heard the words, he slowly twisted his palm to accept the ring.

And with Qing Wen's actions like this, a lot of silver-white light suddenly appeared on the ground standing in the center of Yinyue Tan.

"This is..." Xiao Yan looked at this scene, vaguely guessed something, and said softly.

"Yingyuetan is actually a swampy area, the surroundings are dangerous and full of poisonous waters, while the Ghost Moon Well is above the open space in the center of Yinyuetan, we don't know why there is such an open space in the center of Yinyuetan. "

"What my eldest brother is doing now is to use some special means to make Guiyuejing resonate, so as to achieve that sunny day and full moon." Qing'er explained slightly.

"This Ghost Moon Well still has spirituality?" Xiao Yan said in surprise when he heard this.

"Well, Guiyuejing seems to have spirituality, but that spirituality is not here, but down the well." Qing'er opened her mouth.

"So it is." Xiao Yan immediately laughed when he heard the words, but this Ghost Moon Well, just after Xiao Yan solved the problem of the flaming beast and the Dou Qi Sea, he also checked it, but he didn't find anything strange.

"Okay, it's almost there." Qingwen kept twisting the ring in her hand, and then scenes of silvery white light frantically poured out.

"This is some moonlight smoke. Although it is not very useful, it can blind the perception of Guiyuejing, making it mistakenly think that today is the night of the full moon."

"And according to the older generation of powerhouses in our Ghost King City, the mystery of this Ghost Moon Well can only be revealed on the night of the full moon." Qing Wen slowly looked at the silver-white mist that was like smoke and said.

"It turns out that there is such an effect..." Xiao Yan also understood after seeing Qing's explanation.

"Okay, get ready."

"After Guiyuejing emits a silver halo, you can look down at the mouth of the well. The mystery of Guiyuejing is undoubtedly on display."

"But remember, no matter what you see, don't say anything."

"And there's only one incense stick." After Qing Wen finished speaking, his eyes were always on Guiyuejing.

"I don't know if this legend is true." Xiao Yan helplessly shrugged and smiled, but he did as he did.

And the three of them all stared at Guiyuejing.

At this time, Guiyue Well is located on the open space in the center of Yinyuetan. The wellhead is about three feet in size. The tiny lines are quite ancient, and all of them are engraved on the edge of the wellhead. However, the silver-white mist released by Qingwen is slowly surrounding the well. its wellhead.

"Huhuhu!" At the next moment, a roar of yin wind suddenly erupted from the mouth of the Guiyuejing Well, and then the silver-white mist was madly rushing towards the well empty under the gaze of the three of them.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan watched this scene and couldn't help but speak up, because he could smell a dangerous aura from the Ghost Moon Well!

"Hush hush hush!" When Qing Wen heard this, he hurriedly made a quiet gesture towards Xiao Yan.

"Huhuhu." And those huge silver-white mists were swallowed up by the Ghost Moon Well in an instant.

"Successful, then..."

"Hurry up." Seeing this, Qing Wen said to Xiao Yan, then pulled Qing'er and walked straight to the well, and Xiao Yan also surrounded him.

"Strange, I just saw that there was no well water at the wellhead, how come after a while, there is well water, and it even spreads to the edge of the well?" Xiao Yan murmured slightly in his heart.

At the wellhead at this time, a pool of well water as bright as the moon filled the wellhead tightly, and through the well water in the wellhead, at a glance, I saw a beautiful full moon. .

"A sunny day and a full moon, is it as mysterious as the legends say..." Xiao Yan muttered, then he didn't dare to be distracted, and looked at the well.

And as Xiao Yan watched like this, the picture in the wellhead was still calm, without any change.

One minute……

two minutes...

five minutes……

A full moon is still reflected in the wellhead, and there is nothing else.

"Isn't this Ghost Moon Well broken?" Xiao Yan was also depressed at this time. After all, the time for a stick of incense was about to end, but Qinger and Qingwen saw something and were staring at the well.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I originally wanted to use the mystery of this ghost moon well to predict the future, but unfortunately this thing seems useless to me After watching it for a few minutes, there was no response, and Xiao Yan also gave up.

Xiao Yan believes that he is not a romantic person. He has long been content with Medusa Cailin and Xun'er, but Mu Yingying has no choice but to sacrifice like this, and she will definitely give her a perfect explanation in the future, just for the future. , Xiao Yan is also curious, after all, the word love is extremely elusive. After finally encountering such a mysterious thing as Ghost Moon Well, naturally, I wanted to use it to find out, but unfortunately it didn't come true.

"Have you read it all?" After a few breaths, Qing Wen was the first to break the situation and said slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Qing'er both agreed.

However, Xiao Yan found out that since he saw Ghost Moon Well, there seemed to be more things on Qing'er that he couldn't see through.

"Now that you're done, let's go."

"The real treasure is under the Ghost Moon Well." After Qing Wenwen finished speaking, she jumped up and went down to the Ghost Moon Well.

"Xiao Yan, follow." Qing'er also said something to Xiao Yan and jumped in directly.

"There really is something down here." And Xiao Yan watched the well water drop rapidly, and jumped into it without stopping.

At this point, the three figures jumped directly into the ghost moon well, but in a place far away from the ghost world, a rather mysterious thing happened.

Demon world.

In a rather mysterious cave, a figure stared at a huge prismatic crystal mirror in front of him, and said in surprise: "There is actually someone in the ghost world that Lord Monster Emperor is looking for?"