Chapter Vol 4 1924: The location of the black dragon wolf!

The latest website: "Weng Om!" At this moment, the sky and the earth changed color, and countless dark and evil auras fled quickly, they were afraid, they were afraid of the supreme aura that just emerged from Xiao Yan.

"This guy is really hidden." Seeing Xiao Yan's sluggish appearance, the Ten Thousand Demon King smiled comfortably, and raised an aura of respect for Xiao Yan from the bottom of his heart.

"This guy is actually one of the only remaining descendants of the Xiao clan, but he doesn't know why he came to our demon world?" The Demon King of Thousand Flowers also revealed a rather indifferent smile. Now that the crisis has been resolved, naturally there is no need to worry about it. But all of this was obviously unexpected.

"The Xiao family has a very deep relationship with Lord Monster Emperor. I'm afraid this guy is here for Lord Monster Emperor... After all, Lord Heisha Longlang has secretly left the monster world once before. Based on my guess, I'm afraid it has something to do with this guy. ." Wan Yaowang smiled.

"You mean..." The Wanhua Demon King heard the words and suddenly said.

"Let's talk about it later, you go to the Earth Rhinoceros Demon King, I will guard him, so that these invisible ghosts will not make trouble!" The Ten Thousand Demon King laughed.

"Okay!" The two hit it off and immediately split up.

"..." Skyrim, Xiao Yan was still in that special situation of entering into a state, and he didn't know what he was doing.

"Huhu." After about ten minutes, Xiao Yan's body suddenly moved, gasping for breath, his pupils filled with an unbelievable look.

"Master Wan Yaowang?" Xiao Yan glanced at him and muttered.

"You kid, you really hide it." Seeing Xiao Yan wake up. The Demon King hurriedly approached him and smiled.

"What happened just now?" Xiao Yan asked while looking at the figure of the Blood Demon King disappearing in front of him, scratching his head.

It seems that when I was just about to perform demonization, there was an extremely ancient voice in my body. The source of the sound seemed to be in my own clan lines, but what happened after that, I can't remember clearly.

"Don't you remember?" Wan Yaowang seemed to have noticed something and asked Wei Wei.

"I don't remember, what about the blood demon king?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion.

"You're a human being in the human world, right?" The Ten Thousand Demon King ignored Xiao Yan's question and asked himself.

"En..." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"When you entered the demon world, did you see Lord Heisha Longlang?"

"Yes, but at that time, he only had the initial strength of Eight Star Dou Xian."

"The master is the commander-in-chief of the demon world. He secretly left the demon world alone. In addition, he must separate a trace of his origin to shock the other two powerhouses, so his strength is naturally weak, but the master's strength is a genuine Eight-star Douxian Perfection. There are very few people who know this. ."

"Then let me make a bold guess. You came to the demon world... to help the black dragon wolf, or the demon emperor?" The two talked intermittently.

"..." Being asked this, Xiao Yan suddenly raised his head and looked at the Wan Yao King vigilantly.

"Don't get me wrong, I have no other intentions." Wan Yaowang hurriedly explained.

Not to mention, the fact that Guang Xiaoyan and Lord Heisha Longlang are close friends and friends is enough to be on an equal footing with him, not to mention that Xiao Yan is still a descendant of Xiao Yan. With the blessing of multiple identities, he directly dumps himself a few. Street.

"Yes."

"At the beginning, I promised Heishan Longlang to come to the demon world to see if he could lift the seal of the demon emperor. He agreed that he would come to meet me. Later, when I entered the demon world, no one responded, so I came to the edge of the ten thousand demon kingdom. Such things happened." Xiao Yan couldn't help but said with black lines all over his head.

"My subordinate, meet Sir Xiao Yan!" At this moment, the Wan Yaowang bowed heavily to the void, and performed the highest etiquette for Xiao Yan that belonged to the demon world.

"Sir, this is... boy He De He Neng, please get up quickly." Xiao Yan hurried over to help him.

"Hey, it's worth it." The Demon King pretended to be mysterious.

The two were quiet for a while, each recovering the douqi and demonic energy in their bodies, and then the other two demon kings arrived slowly.

"Sir." The Earth Rhinoceros Demon King said respectfully to Xiao Yan, and it was obvious that the Ten Thousand Flower Demon King had a lot of good things about Xiao Yan along the way.

"What?" At this moment, Xiao Yan was completely stunned, these three guys are the top leaders in the demon world, what the **** is going on.

"Okay, don't waste time, this is the inside of the Demon Suppression Prison and it is not suitable to stay for a long time. Let's leave as soon as possible." The Demon King urged, after all, if the two White Kings broke out, they would not be able to resist .

"I'm afraid it's too late."

"These two leaders of the Guards have suffered severe wounds, and they must be expelled as soon as possible, otherwise..." At this time, Xiao Yan frowned, grasping the veins of the two faint and charming hands, and said solemnly. .

That feeling seems to be that these two guys were seriously injured first and then poisoned, which can be described as extremely tragic.

"Sir, do you have a solution?" Listening to Xiao Yan's voice, the Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons laughed. Now that the crisis is over, it is imperative to rescue the two guard leaders.

Once they wake up, they will be able to know the location of Lord Heisha Longlang, and at that time, everything will be easy.

"I have holy flame... I can try it." After thinking about it, Xiao Yan had no other choice, so he could only pretend to be tough.

Now that the war is raging in the outside world, even if you leave the Demon Suppression Prison, the situation will not be much better. It is better to fight to see if you can save the two.

"Okay!"

"Everything is up to Sir Xiao Yan!" After the three of them finished speaking, they each stood on guard for Xiao Yan.

"I have no choice but to use the stupidest method. The two adults endure it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the source of the holy flame of Amber Rock Soul Fire emerged, and then gently moved towards his body.

"Sisi!" Even if they were unconscious, the piercing pain still caused them to make a sound like an instinctive growl, and the holy flames entered the body and burned the bones to slowly force out the venom.

This is the only way now.

"The two leaders of the guards in the late stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortals can beat these two people so miserably, I am afraid that their minimum strength is the eight-star Fighting Immortals complete...even reincarnation." While expelling, Xiao Xiao Yan was also slightly surprised.

"Black... Dragon Wolf... Lord... Water and Fire Evil Cage... Deep... Heaven... Feather..." The last drop of toxin was forced out, and one of the leaders spoke with a firm will, and immediately Passed into a coma.

The toxins are eliminated, and they are seriously injured. I am afraid that they will need a lot of coma time to recuperate, but it is not a big problem.

And as the intermittent voice fell, the eyes of the four people also became deep invariably.

What I didn't want to face, it still happened after all.

In the depths of the Demon Prison Town, where there are two white king-level aliens, their power is unquestionably tyrannical, and this is their home court, after countless years of seals, whether their power is increasing, Everything is unknown.

"Boy, are you alright?"