Chapter Vol 4 1989: Conditions, Array Mage!

"Weng Om!" At this moment, in the cave, Xiao Yan was concentrating on absorbing and comprehending the lifelong learning of Gu Tianchi in the stele.

No phase cut!

The rank is as high as the category of Small Immortal Art, which is one of the attacks that Xiao Yan can handle today. This level of attack is enough for Xiao Yan to obliterate the real eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, and it is also the attack that Xiao Yan needs most now. Fighting skills, and judging from the oppression that Gu Tianchi just exerted, he disappeared without a trace, making the enemy unable to defend, which is very in line with Xiao Yan.

"Kacha." After a while, the stone tablet in front of Xiao Yan shattered. It was evident that the last trace of Wuxiang Slash's cultivation route was completely controlled by Xiao Yan, so it was considered that the task was completed, and the silence continued.

"Hehe... It's really worth the trip."

"But since the ancients are so chaotic now, we have to blackmail them for a while." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he put the ancient ruler behind him and prepared to leave.

"Everything is packed?" Not long after, the guardian of the seventh peak came to pick up Xiao Yan and asked.

"En." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Let's go, I'll take you into the ancient world."

"The powerhouses who have passed through the seven peaks have a chance to raise their conditions, whether it is martial arts fighting skills or some scarce resources, as long as we have what we have, we will try our best to satisfy you. You will have to teach me to be smart in a while, don't be vain. Such an opportunity wasted," the Guardian said.

"Senior, I still hope for the matter of the holy flame on the kid..." Hearing the Guardian's words, Xiao Yan also sensed the old man's goodwill, and immediately his eyes moved, a clever move, and after resting, Xiao Yan pretended to be ugly.

"Well, okay, as long as you keep a low profile and suppress it, the big man in the clan will not find out."

"Let's go." After the guardian finished speaking, he took Xiao Yan and walked over many obstacles and poured into the ancient world.

Along the way, if not for the guidance of the guardian, I am afraid that the dozens of guarded levels alone will give Xiao Yan a real headache. After all, the level of strict defense is due to Xiao Yan's strength. , but also a burst of heart palpitations.

The two jumped slowly, and after a few minutes, they truly entered the ancient world.

The ancient world is clearly the place where the ancient people lived. The incomparably huge space stretches for thousands of miles, and there are countless dazzling buildings and mountain groups. .

"This is the ancient world. Below is the vassal race area, and above the sky is the core of the ancient world." The guardian gave Xiao Yan a casual gesture.

Xiao Yan followed his voice and found that the vassal race area was clearly an extremely majestic and rich city. The people in the city were quite harmonious. On the contrary, the core area located at the high altitude of the ancient world was filled with a rare gloom. , that kind of power vaguely caused the several holy flames in Xiao Yan's body to burst out with an extremely disgusting aura.

"The ancient world is divided into the sky and the underground. The sky is the core area where the ancient people live, and the underground cities are the living areas of ordinary vassal races and you guys."

"Let's go, I'll take you to see the supervisor." After the guardian finished speaking, he slowly got up and flew towards the center of the city with Xiao Yan.

The sky of the ancient world seemed to be completely isolated by a layer of gray enchantment, and even Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power could not detect the slightest.

"It seems that we can only settle down in the city first and look for opportunities." The moment the figure moved, Xiao Yan tried his best to explore the barrier area above the sky to no avail, and then slowly shook his head.

The ancient clan is ill, and the clan leader and the elders in the clan are probably not quite right, and what Xiao Yan is most worried about is the very few elders in the ancient clan, that is the real reincarnation level!

If those great masters are also occupied, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's trip to the ancient clan will have great difficulties, so at this time, he can only pray silently in his heart.

For a time, people came and went in the huge city in front of them, and Xiao Yan and the two were also slowly pacing in the bustling city. Looking at the noisy city, their hearts were also touched for a while. .

"Pfft." After a while, the guardian took Xiao Yan into a dead end, and immediately turned around, the void in front of him twisted, and the two also made a wonderful short-distance space jump.

Space jump, a little trick performed by some powerhouses who are proficient in space attributes, can be combined with a specific entrance and a specific exit to achieve the effect of short-term displacement.

"Gu Li, why is it so fast this time?" Just after the space jump was over, a middle-aged man in plain clothes appeared in front of Xiao Yan and said with a hearty smile.

This is a large hall, the figure in front of him is sitting on top of Wei Wei at the moment, other than that, there is no one else, obviously to wait for Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Huh, you still said it!"

"Every time this kind of hard work is handed over to me, you're good..." The guardian Gu Li heard the words and couldn't help snorting coldly. He went straight to the middle-aged man and sat down, obviously dissatisfied.

Eight Star Fighting Immortal Mid-term Consummation!

The strength of the two in front of them is actually the same, and even the middle-aged man gave Xiao Yan an even greater oppression. I am afraid that this guy's combat power is also extremely terrifying!

"Junior Xiao Yan, I have seen the adults Xiao Yan is not a fool, he smiled slightly.

The middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals is complete, and this kind of strength is already considered rare in the outside world. The relationship between the two is not ordinary, and even the status may not be...

"Is this guy the winner of this summit?" The middle-aged man nodded meaningfully, and immediately looked at it carefully.

"Boy, we have many vassal races, and Lord Gu Qingkong is the first. What conditions do you have, just tell me."

"By the way, we are separate from the ancients, so if you want to truly join the core of the ancients in the future, you will need a series of tedious screening, but here, you can get the best cultivation." Li said with a smile. Obviously, some rumors from the outside world were quite false. Now that everyone is in the same room, there is no need to hide them.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his eyes suddenly darkened. He never thought that Gu Li was still tricked by this guy.

But that's fine, since the ancient race and this vassal race are separate, then Xiao Yan is naturally not afraid of revealing his identity, just to practice here and wait for the opportunity to enter the ancient prison.

"I don't know the two adults, have you heard of the Dou Formation Master?" Xiao Yan said in a low voice, and then the voice sounded softly. What about the pen?

"Battle Formation Master?" The two who had a flat smile on the first place couldn't help exclaiming when they heard the words.

"What you said, but that's enough to cater to tens of thousands of enemy troops or even more scarce professions with one person's strength... Dou Formation Master?" At this moment, Gu Qingkong's body tightened, directly from the seat Standing up, he looked at Xiao Yan in astonishment and lost his voice!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: