Chapter Vol 4 1454: Expose!

"Accept!"

"Tiger Claw Bow!" In an instant, Huang Lei didn't have any hesitation, his body bent like a tiger preying on it, and the dazzling yellow fighting qi suddenly spread out, and then launched an attack on Mu Xi.

"Clap la la." A circle of fighting qi ripples like a tide, spread out from Huang Lei's palm in an instant, and then in front of him, formed a natural bow and arrow, with a fierce breath, suddenly attacked Mu Xi.

"What a tyrannical attack... This guy's strength really lives up to its reputation." In an instant, Mu Xi did not hesitate at all, his mind moved, and the dazzling power suddenly spread out, and a trace of silver space power set off his figure quite Because of the mystery, he looked at Huang Lei vigilantly.

"Go!" Huang Lei didn't hesitate, his palm suddenly slapped, and then the terrifying bow and arrow in his palm flew out like lightning, with a savage aura, blasting away at Mu Xi.

"space bound!"

"Boom!" Mu Xi snorted, and the silver space collided with the bow and arrow in an instant.

"Weng Om Om!" The seemingly tyrannical energy bows and arrows could not move forward even under the shackles of the power of space, and the two sides were changing and the other was growing, and the power was slowly dissolving.

The tyrannical attack fluctuations of the two made this space dry, and the smell of gunpowder became more and more tyrannical.

On the other side, the formation stones and formation patterns in Xiao Yan's hands were also condensed, but he did not rush to do it. A black robe appeared on his body, completely covering up his figure. Since Mu Xi and Huang Lei were fighting, then he would go first Take the cage back and deal with them.

"This guy..." Seeing that Mu Xi was temporarily entangled by Huang Lei, Feng Ling didn't hesitate, his figure moved quickly, easily bypassed Mu Xi, and came to the cage where the power of the combination of human and ghost was imprisoned.

"Is this a combination of human and ghost... it doesn't seem to be any different?" Feng Ling slowly stared at the cage, surprised.

In the cage, there was a faint dark ghost aura on the young man's body, and even behind the ghost aura, there seemed to be other auras. Couldn't help but feel a sense of fear.

At this time, the man was sitting cross-legged, his eyes were slightly closed, and he did not have any language or movement, just sitting in the cage, surrounded by tyrannical restrictions, which made the man look quite uncomfortable.

"Forget it... take it back and talk about it." For a moment, Feng Ling didn't hesitate. On the palm of his hand, the dazzling Dou Qi energy continued to overflow, facing the cage, trying to break the cage with one blow.

"Bang bang bang!" Feng Ling was extremely careful, but when his palm touched the cage lightly, a piercing pain suddenly emerged, and the energy dissipated in an instant, but the cage was intact.

"Boom!" In the next moment, before Feng Ling could react, a strange red fire curtain suddenly sucked the figures of Feng Ling and the cage into it. As for Huang Lei, they didn't notice the disappearing Feng Ling.

"Damn...what is this?" Although Feng Ling's strength is only half a step three-star Dou Xian, but his sense of smell is extremely sensitive. He just tried to break the cage and failed, and he was pulled directly into it by something.

The place where he is now is like a thousand-year-old volcano, and hot lava can be seen everywhere, and pieces of strange energy suddenly emerge.

The power of the formation is a different space, and the caster can pull anyone into it, as long as it is unaware.

"you!"

"Bastard!" Suddenly, when Feng Ling was looking at the cage, he suddenly found a figure bathed in a black robe. There was nothing strange about the figure. The only thing that was certain was that behind this guy, Carrying a huge ruler.

"Humph!" The black-clothed man snorted coldly, and suddenly melted everywhere, with a wave of extreme heat, suddenly chasing and killing Feng Ling.

This person is Xiao Yan.

"Crash!" At this time, the purgatory formation was being used by Xiao Yan, and it was no longer a problem to trap Samsung Douxian easily. When Feng Ling was in a hurry to deal with his formation, Xiao Yan also came to the cage and carefully Measure up.

"What's your name?" Xiao Yan's rather indifferent tone contained a hint of fanaticism. This was the first time he had come to Daqian World to have such a close encounter with a clan with the same bloodline.

"Xiao Gui." In an instant, following Xiao Yan's arrival and opening, the young man in the cage slowly opened his pupils, then stared at Xiao Yan and said.

"Where are your parents?" Xiao Yan asked.

"They're all dead," said the young man Zai Du, but when Xiao Yan mentioned the word "parents", this guy's sharp edges and corners clearly showed a rare murderous intent.

"Forget it... I'll take you out of here first." After a while, Xiao Yan was no longer asking, and the aura in his body became surging.

"This cage contains extremely tyrannical restrictions." The young man said slowly.

"Soul power!" Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly, and then the dazzling soul power was like a volcanic eruption, leaning towards the cage.

"Bang bang bang!" The colorless and invisible soul power had just hit the cage, and there was no movement at all, it seemed that even the soul power had been eaten away.

"Damn..." Feng Ling said angrily while dealing with the extreme flames in the purgatory formation, while watching Xiao Yan's every move.

"Yep?"

"Where's the figure of Feng Ling?" Outside, Huang Lei and Mu Xi were in an indistinct fight for a while, and Huang Lei glanced around, but found that Feng Ling and the cage were gone on the ground, but the original one existed. In the ground of the two figures, there is a rather obscure fluctuation, and they are suddenly shocked.

"Huang Lei, why don't we stop first, and wait for the guy to be dealt with. How about the battle?" The next moment, Mu Xi also noticed the subtle fluctuations on the ground and said immediately.

"Okay." The two hit it off, and immediately the breath burst out, and they suddenly went to the ground.

The formation method is to occupy a certain space as one's own, thus covering the original space with the formation method, so the two of them just left facing the ground, and immediately rushed into Xiao Yan's formation method.

"Bang Bang Bang!" In an instant, the bodies of the two suddenly rushed into Xiao Yan's formation.

"Little bastard, it really is you." Just after entering the purgatory formation, an extremely terrifying wave was born, but when Mu Xi saw Xiao Yan's figure, he knew that this guy was the one who was in the space passage back then. The powerhouse of the continent's forces is because this guy was scolded by the powerhouses in the pavilion. This time, he will naturally not let him go easily.

"It's a little troublesome now." Xiao Yan slowly rolled his eyes at the three people above, and suddenly laughed.

It's just that this so-called trouble only refers to breaking the cage. As for the two guys in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals in front of them, if they want to defeat themselves in their own formation, it is tantamount to hitting a stone with an egg.

"Let's do it together and kill this guy!"

"When the time comes, the combination of human and ghost will be given to you." Mu Xi smiled.

"If that's the case, then it's better to be respectful than to obey."

"Double burst of strength!" In an instant, Huang Lei shouted loudly, and suddenly circles of strange fluctuations appeared on his body, and then the power above his body reached a new level.

"Just to try the power of the purgatory formation controlled by the stone formation pattern." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also temporarily put down the cracking cage, and a prismatic stone slowly emerged in his hand.

It's just that on this seemingly insignificant stone, the number of patterns turned out to be as high as 34,000 existences!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!