Chapter 540: Mysterious lake bottom!

"But... is this enough?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly emitted a wave of extreme heat, and then a huge soul force swept in!

The power of flame and soul spread instantly, which surprised the octopus.

"The power of holy flame?"

"Alchemist?" The Octopus exclaimed directly, his voice full of shock!

"No, the intensity of this flame should not be holy flame, but this flame is also extremely terrifying!"

"This huge soul power should undoubtedly be a pharmacist." The octopus monster analyzed.

"En." The snake spirit nodded slightly when she heard the words.

"Then let's go." Hearing the words, the octopus did not hesitate, got up directly, and blasted away toward the depths of the lake!

Because the octopus monster also knows that although the flame on this human boy is not comparable to the holy flame, it is also an extremely terrifying existence. In addition to his identity as an alchemist, I am afraid that the seven-star fighting emperor will have to treat it solemnly!

"Let's go." Xiao Yan helplessly spread his hands.

After speaking, the speed of the group of people skyrocketed, and the speed was not reduced at all because of the increase in the pressure of the lake.

"Susu..." In the sea of ​​vindictive energy in Xiao Yan's body, the flaming beast suddenly made a rather pleasant cry, and then Xiao Yan noticed that the ancient ruler of strange fire behind him seemed to be glowing slightly, and then he was directly curious. Get up, what the **** is going on here!

"Six hundred meters..."

"Seven hundred meters..."

"Eight hundred meters..."

"Bastard, the pressure here is getting bigger and bigger, I'm afraid it won't take long for me to be shattered!" Xiao Yan spoke immediately under extremely strong pressure.

"Hold on, it will be here soon." Seeing this, the snake spirit on the side couldn't help dripping with sweat, which was quite tempting.

"One thousand meters!" Just as the two of them spoke, the octopus monster came directly to the depths of the lake, then stopped and stood there in a daze.

Here, it is already located in the deepest part of the lake, and there is no way below. What appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the others was an extremely deep lake.

The pressure of Hu Bo here is not inferior to the pressure of a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Di, but fortunately, Xiao Yan possesses several kinds of power.

"It's... a bit strange here?" Both Xiao Yan and Snake Spirit stopped, and then Xiao Yan spoke.

With his powerful perception, Xiao Yan discovered that this place is not just the depths of the lake, but there seems to be some other mysterious place.

"That thing is here, but I don't know its exact location, but I can feel it somewhere."

"It's here!" The Snake Spirit put down his hand and was just like himself, but Snake Jade, who was still in a coma, said slightly.

Just after letting go of Snake Jade, Snake Jade's body slowly fluttered at the bottom of the lake.

"What..." Xiao Yan asked.

"I don't know, but this thing has existed since I had my memory, and I can feel that it has an indescribably good effect on either of you or me!" Snake Spirit said confidently. .

"There is indeed something strange here, but with my soul power, it can't spread within a radius of three meters. It's really strange." Xiao Yan murmured.

"It's normal, because this is the core of the entire Hu Bo. If you hadn't saved the snake torture and eliminated the alien race, I wouldn't have brought you here."

"Because Snake Punishment is not qualified to come here." Snake Spirit said without giving Xiao Yan any face.

Xiao Yan's sensitive perception also seems to have noticed that since the snake spirit came here, there is something wrong with the whole person!

"what?"

"This guy killed the extraterritorial evil race in Snake Punishment's body?"

"How is it possible, that's a foreign evil race, there are many strange methods, and the strength is still comparable to the human eight-star fighting emperor. How can it be killed by a mere five-star fighting emperor's initial news?" The octopus monster was directly shocked Huh, obviously the voice was full of disbelief.

In this lake, there are three water spirit snakes and this octopus monster. The strength of the three water spirit snakes is terrifying, and it can suppress the octopus monster, but the octopus monster is also strange. The octopus monster is a pet kept by the snake spirit. But I don't know why it has become what it is today. I think it has nothing to do with the water in this lake.

However, the octopus monster was also quite surprised that Xiao Yan was able to destroy the evil alien blood demon general living on the body of the three-headed water spirit snake. After all, it was a real alien evil tribe. The strength of this human kid was too terrifying, right?

The octopus monster thought to himself.

"Although I can't believe it, it's true." The snake spirit said slightly.

Just when the octopus monster was surprised, the water at the bottom of the lake suddenly stirred strangely!

"There is a situation!" The snake spirit said slightly, and then vigilantly said, strangely erupting all over its body.

"What is that..." Xiao Yan slowly stared at the bottom of the lake. At this time, among some mud-like things under the lake, ripples appeared in circles, and it was obvious that something was about to come out!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is..." When the snake spirit saw this, its big watery eyes shrank suddenly, and then went directly towards the snake jade a few meters away from itself!

Because this gurgling sound is exactly the same as the light on the snake jade at this time!

"Fast back!" Xiao was the first to wake up, and then the dazzling soul power burst out, covering the bodies of several people in an instant!

"Damn it!" The snake spirit on the side clenched his pink fist and said through gnashing of teeth.

"Snort." With a sound, the air bubbles in the soil directly wrapped the unconscious snake jade, and then the next moment, as if possessing intelligence, it flew away to the soil!

"Xiao Yan, Snake Jade must not be taken away, stop it!" The Snake Spirit drank suddenly, and the dazzling Dou Qi instantly shot out, but even if the Snake Spirit has the strength of a seven-star Dou Emperor, after all, he lives here all year round. , just like flowers in a greenhouse, so the attack is naturally missed.

"The power in this bubble seems to last forever, not the power possessed by ordinary powerhouses..."

"And why does this power feel like something in the legend?" Just when Xiao Yan was about to start, Long Yi said.

"Can't make a move!" Xiao Yan asked quickly.

"You must take action. I'm afraid there are many secrets in this snake jade, and the reason why she fell into a coma as soon as she was born is probably related to the treasure below!"

"So if you want to find the treasure, you must not let the snake jade have an accident!" Long Yi suddenly realized something and spoke suddenly.

"His grandma's, and was used as a spearman again. If it hadn't come to this, I..." Before Xiao Yan's words were finished, his body went straight. Whistling away at the snake jade in the bubble!

"This kid, he really has such terrifying strength and temperament!" The octopus monster is actually not good at fighting, so he can only stand beside the snake spirit and be alert to the dangers around him!

Ask for tickets!