Chapter Vol 4 1699: Coincidence with You Er!

On the other side, the Demon of Light and the many strong men in Li Soul Domain were fighting endlessly on the main battlefield outside the five major courtyards. Even though the battle had spread for nearly half a year, the outcome was still not completely decided.

The other forces are also moving towards all directions. In addition, Li Soul Realm adopts space closure methods. Therefore, the battle situation here, the Seven Realms and even the Great Thousand World, are kept in the dark for a while, otherwise the demon of light will be like this. For half a year, they have been attacked by the powerhouses of the seven realms. However, if you want to use this method of closing the Soul Realm, you can only touch the powerhouses of Samsara, but there is no such level of power in the Soul Realm. However, the news that Li Soul Realm was sealed off is as strong as a demon of light, but Hao Ni'er and other powerhouses don't know about it.

"Hoohoo."

"What the **** is this place?" Xiao Yan was still walking in the space passage. There was nothing wrong with it at first, but as time went on, the dark space passage was actually eating away at his own vindictive energy, causing him to lose his temper. Xiao Yan felt quite uncomfortable.

"I always feel that the situation here is not quite right..." Xiao Yan paused temporarily, looked into the distance, and hesitated.

I don't know why, with Xiao Yan's soul power, the space passage leading to the shrine of the Lord of Soul seems to be extremely dangerous.

"Go!" After a while, he didn't dare to hesitate, waved his hand suddenly, and slapped directly at a void in the space passage. The void was instantly shattered and shattered, and Xiao Yan's figure also followed it.

The space channel itself is quite stable, and the practice of leaving halfway like Xiao Yan is quite dangerous, because it will be teleported randomly.

"Pimple." With a sound, in the space passage, strange silhouettes bathed in black light appeared one after another, and immediately murmured.

"Strange, the fluctuations here just now seem a little familiar..." The strange man said.

"Let's go, it will be the temple in a short time, so cheer me up." As soon as the voice fell, the mighty men and horses went directly to the space passage. These guys were filled with ghosts, and they looked like ghost kings. Guys from the kingdom, looking at this look, their goal seems to be the temple of the Lord of Souls!

"Crash!" Xiao Yan turned into a beam of light and fell directly from the space passage, and suddenly came to a rather strange area.

"This is..." Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when he just came here.

Looking around, the place Xiao Yan was in was a barren golden desert!

In the desert, a cloud of gray sand and fog, and even a vague aura, filled the surrounding desert.

"Here... it should be the shrine of the Lord of Souls." Xiao Yan smiled after confirming it.

According to the previous soul exploration, this is obviously inside the temple.

The shrine of the Lord of Souls can only be entered by a special formation that exists in the five courtyards. The address of the shrine is one of the terrestrial veins in the ghost world.

Reckless desert.

This is one of the spiritual veins in the ghost world with abundant energy of heaven and earth. Although it is bathed in the hot desert, the profound energy of heaven and earth hidden under the desert has attracted countless strong people and stayed here for a long time. Cultivation and getting hungry results are twice the result with half the effort.

"Hey, fortunately there is a map." After a brief glance, Xiao Yan put his palm in his arms and took out a piece of parchment paper with a very delicate texture. He smiled and said, if there is no such thing, Xiao Yan The chances of Yan looking for Acacia and Broken Enteritis will drop a lot, and it is naturally extremely convenient to work **** the map.

This thing is the previous transaction with You Er, and it is also a map that records the location of the shrine of the Lord of Souls!

After taking out the map, Xiao Yan sat down with his legs crossed and carefully pushed the parchment map away.

This is a map, and in the map, it clearly records the most complete reckless ghost desert. On the map, not only the location of the four major temples in the south, south, north and west of the Lord of Souls, but even some quite Dangerous or places that require attention are also marked with extremely conspicuous signs.

"There are actually four major temples." Looking at the four light spots located in the four corners of the parchment map scroll, Xiao Yan murmured.

"Weng buzzing!" At the same time, the already dim core inscription in Xiao Yan's body erupted with dazzling fear. The source of the fear seemed to be the parchment scroll.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel vigilant when he noticed this extremely special situation.

Although the power of the formation has been seldom used, Xiao Yan knows that the power of the formation is very powerful, and the fact that the core inscription has such fluctuations is enough to show what kind of terrifying formation there is in this wild ghost desert. ...

"The locations of these four temples...seem to be a little wrong?" As Du Shen looked at the map scroll in front of him, Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that the locations of these four temples seemed to vaguely form an obscure formation.

"Forget it, let's take one step at a time." After some thought, Xiao Yan could only helplessly shake his head.

Now that his strength has skyrocketed, he is still like an ant in the face of Li Soul Domain's peak combat power, but no matter what, Acacia and Broken Enteritis must be obtained, and he cannot retreat.

In the wild and ghostly desert, the sand fog storm is raging. Such a severe environment has created a dangerous place to say, but Xiao Yan is wearing a black robe, and his breath is disguised as a ghost in the ordinary ghost world, walking in the wind and sand. In the desertHey..."

"Isn't this Xiao Yan?" After Shunxi, a strange figure quietly followed Xiao Yan.

And Xiao Yan didn't move for a long time before he had to stop, because now in front of Xiao Yan, a violent storm with a size of hundreds of feet suddenly appeared. In an instant, the energy of heaven and earth all around became surging, Xiao Yan saw this, Then you can only stop temporarily and wait for the storm to pass. After all, this is the real core of Li Soul Domain. Once you use too much power and trigger the strong to take action, then you may end up...

"Weng buzzing!" However, Xiao Yan still underestimated the power of the storm. The storm was raging, and there was no grass anywhere it passed, and even the center of the storm seemed to be manipulated by ghosts, so Xiao Yan had to guard against it.

"Damn, this storm is so strong?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but said looking at such a tyrannical storm.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when Xiao Yan was about to use his strength to break the storm, a black shadow emerged from behind Xiao Yan, and immediately pulled Xiao Yan's figure into the desert, and the storm passed slightly.

"Strange... There is clearly another aura here just now...Is it an illusion?" As Xiao Yan disappeared, a black gas muttered to himself in the storm.

"You...youer?" After a while, Xiao Yan's eyes fell on the black figure in front of him, and he lost his voice.

If it wasn't for You Er just now, I'm afraid Xiao Yan's situation is extremely bad.