Chapter Vol 4 913: Xuan Lao vs Zhu Jin!

"Kacha Kacha!" A sound crack formed from the huge crack in front of Reimu Sheng and the others, and then their eyes softened, because they also knew who this person was by perception.

"I didn't expect that they still needed to take action."

"It seems that I still underestimate the strong fighting immortals." Ling Mengsheng naturally noticed that the crack that suddenly appeared was their own people, and then said helplessly.

"You've done a good job."

"It's just that Elder Xuan's aura seems a little weird."

"Although it is the power of fighting immortals of the fire attribute, how can there be a gloomy and eerie feeling?" Qing Lao patted Ling Mengsheng on the shoulder, and then opened his mouth.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Leave the next thing to me." From the crack, an old man slowly walked out.

The old man's whole body shone with extremely dazzling silver power, and silver was not like the ordinary power of life and death.

"Half immortal..."

"Fenxiang Pavilion surpasses Dou Di, there should be only two strong people, one is the owner of the Fenxiang Pavilion, Fen Tian, ​​and the other is probably Zhu Jin, who is known as the No. He was not surprised when he saw that his attack was blocked by a mysterious powerhouse, because he could break through the first six floors of the underground palace. If there were no powerhouses leading the team, Mr. Xuan would not believe it, and immediately looked at the crack that came out of the crack with interest. the old man.

"Xuanxin, I haven't seen you for a long time. I didn't expect your strength to soar to the level of the middle stage of the one-star fighting immortal. It really surprised me." Zhu Jin just appeared, and suddenly said to Xuan Lao in the sky, his voice was full of Smile, but there is a monstrous killing intent underneath that smile.

"Bamboo Jin, Hugh wants to get close."

"The grievances between my Xuanling royal family and your Burning Incense Pavilion have long since reached the point where they cannot be resolved."

"Either your Burning Incense Pavilion fell, or our Xuanling Emperor perished." Xuan Lao looked at Zhu Jin coldly and said.

"Then let's fight."

"These years, the oppression of your Xuanling Royal Family on our Burning Incense Pavilion will be returned together today." A trace of gloom appeared in Zhu Jin's eyes, and then the dazzling silver fighting immortals erupted and swept out!

"Fentian, that old and immortal guy didn't come by himself, but let you little shrimps come to die."

"If that's the case, then I will unceremoniously pack you up, and then send your corpses back to the Fenxiang Pavilion. If you want to come to Fentian, you will know that your face will be quite wonderful." Xuanxin couldn't help laughing. The voice was full of jokes.

"I'm afraid you don't have the ability!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, the sky-high silver fighting immortal power directly transformed into the substantial silver thunder power, roaring out!

In the silver thunder, with an extremely terrifying aura, it swept out!

"A mere half-immortal strong..."

"Do you dare to be presumptuous in front of me?" Seeing the power of thunder that roared, Xuanxin's whole body was suddenly shocked, and the strength of the Fighting Immortals also swept out instantly, snorted coldly.

At the same time, a dazzling fiery red flame appeared on Xuan Xin's body, and in just a few breaths, Zhu Jin's thunder power was suppressed in his aura.

"watch out!"

"Heavenly Lock Dragon Formation!" And as his silver thunder power was suppressed by Xuan Xin, Zhu Jin was not sad but happy, and immediately in his hand, a dazzling formation scroll was suddenly thrown with extremely terrifying energy, and immediately On the scroll of the formation, an unusually powerful spiritual force emerged, and immediately shrouded Xuan Xin directly.

The core inscriptions on the formation scroll actually reached 15,000!

This is a powerful formation that is enough to trap a one-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

As we all know, a thousand core inscriptions are enough to trap a one-star Dou Di, the geometric increase, and 10,000 inscriptions can trap a one-star Dou Xian!

"Not good!" Xuan Xin didn't expect this Zhu Jin to be so clever at first, and when he was talking with himself, he took the opportunity to condense his spiritual power and form a formation.

"Boom!" In just a few breaths, Zhujin's formation scroll immediately exploded, and immediately enveloped Zhujin and Xuanxin!

It's just that even Zhu Jin didn't notice that, in Xuanxin's panicked expression, a hint of playfulness suddenly flashed, and it disappeared without a trace in the blink of an eye.

"Xuanxin, this time, let the two of us make a break." Zhu Jin stood in the formation, and then he was below zero, looking at Xuan Xin like a king.

"Today, let me learn from you, the rumored No. 1 battle formation master of Xuan Santian, is it as powerful as the legend?"

"watch out!"

"Tianxuan Demon Slayer Finger!" Xuanxin's cold voice just finished speaking, and suddenly the power of dazzling flames burst out on the silver robes all over his body, and then Xuanxin raised his old fingers, facing the bamboo in the center of the formation. Jhin pointed at will!

"Crash!" Immediately, the dazzling flame power around Xuan Xin was like a terrifying beam of light that pierced through the heavens and the earth, with the aura of destroying the dry and the rotten, directly forcing the bamboo embers.

"The attack of the Immortal Fighter is really tyrannical."

"However, this kind of attack, for me in the formation, can't cause a killer move." Zhu Jin was vigilant, and then the power of silver thunder spread slowly around his body, and the momentum was also not lost to Xuan Xin's. The terrifying thunder and lightning surged out in an instant.

"Lei King Tiebi!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, and then the power of thunder all over his body directly gathered into a huge giant net, and then swept away towards the profound heart at the bottom of the formation!

"It's good to come!" Seeing this, Xuan Xin smiled slightly.

Although Xuan Xin knew that the two of them were still on the seventh floor of the underground palace at this time, they were trapped in the formation of Bamboo Ember. This formation spread a hot and thunderous aura making Xuan Xin slightly vigilant, Obviously, there is a lot of pressure on Xuan Xin.

However, Xuan Xin had a plan in his heart, so he just let Zhu Jin display the formation without stopping him, because Xuan Xin wanted to completely defeat Zhu Jin under the name of Xuan Santian's first battle formation master!

Killing a person is the best way to escape. What Xuan Xin wants to do is to make Zhu Jin lose all self-confidence and become a self-deprecating waste!

For Xuan Xin, there is nothing more maddening than destroying a person's inner xinxing.

"Boom boom boom!" Two terrifying attacks rippling directly in the formation!

Following this terrifying attack, Zhu Jin and Xuan Xin both stood alone in the formation in mid-air, while the other stood on the ground, allowing the two attacks to emit terrifying fluctuations without any movement.

"Zhu Jin's strength is getting more and more terrifying." The old man who stepped back heard the words, his eyelids kept saying because of the terrifying fluctuations in the formation.

Obviously, at this time, the aftermath of the formation might be able to easily kill a strong Dou Di.

"Don't worry, Elder Zhu has not used his strongest means yet." Ling Mengsheng smiled slightly.

"I don't know who will win this battle in the end..." Hearing this, the two elders of heaven and earth immediately smiled.

Because of the two people in front of them, one is the previous Xuanling King of the Xuanling royal family, Xuanxin in the middle stage of the One Star Dou Xian, and the other is Zhu Jin, a half-immortal who is known as the No.

It's hard to say who will kill the deer!