Chapter Vol 4 2030: Life and death chessboard competition!

"This lunatic..." Xiao Yan climbed to the top of the forest of death, and looked down at the entire forest of death.

The forest of death in front of you is extremely huge, and its entirety is clearly not a forest, but more like a huge chessboard. The only difference is that there are no chess pieces on the chessboard, only forest-like plants and some humans. The entire chessboard is Complete left and right symmetry, the center is separated by a river boundary, each is divided into eight rows, each row has a tenth-order grid.

In the forest of death, the blood-filled ground looked unusually flat. Every grid on the chessboard, and even around every stronghold, were looming with regular cracks.

The chessboard is divided into two sides, black and white, which is very strange, but reveals a strong sense of unease.

"Welcome to successfully pass the test of the forest of death." After a while, the shock on Xiao Yan's face still did not dissipate. , Zaidu was drawn from the forest of death and returned to the ancient square.

"Huhu." The light in front of him turned, Xiao Yan looked at the white throne in front of him, and the evil scholar on the black throne opposite. Looking at the center of the Erdao throne, a projection of the death forest appeared over the chessboard, trying to restrain himself. The anger in his body whispered softly.

Because Xiao Yan's strength is limited now, even if he fights desperately, he is probably just giving up his life in vain, so it is better to use the chessboard to decide the outcome.

However, Xiao Yan found that on the other side of the forest of death, countless human bodies, including the body of the evil source himself Bronze who had just controlled Gu Yuan, were actually thrown into it. Obviously, they were also evil and charming scholars. Chips are thrown into it.

"How?"

"Have you never seen this kind of near-perfect art?" Seeing Xiao Yan's calm expression, the evil scholar couldn't help but smile.

Among the evil tribes outside the realm, he is the best choice in terms of strength and wisdom. He has also killed many geniuses in the world, but no one can be as calm as Xiao Yan.

"In this game, it's up to me to fight against you." Xiao Yan was too lazy to pay attention to it, because he knew that on his shoulders, he was not only carrying his own life, but also his wife Xun'er, the people of the ancient clan, etc. Countless lives, the pressure increased greatly for a time.

"You have to think clearly, once the white throne is seated, the chessboard will start immediately." The evil scholar smiled evilly.

"Pfft." With a sound, Xiao Yan moved his body and sat on the white throne with ease.

"Weng Om!" As soon as he sat on it, a destructive aura swept out, as if Xiao Yan's life and death had been locked with the outcome of the chessboard.

"Okay!"

"Since that's the case, let's start our final game art!" After the evil spirit scholar finished speaking, he waved his hand, and a jade chessboard was thrown directly at the center of the two.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the jade chessboard shattered and divided into two beams, one black and the other white, which crossed the space and went directly to the two teams in the forest of death.

"It is screening the chessboard and rearranging it, and the respective army chips in the forest of death will form the pieces of the chessboard this time!" The dark armor is still protecting Xiao Yan, and there are only countless arts in the eyes of the evil and charming scholar, and naturally there is no Aware of the existence of the latter, Dark Hades was surprised.

"Creak creak." At the same time, with the appearance of this scene, the entire forest of death trembled violently. On the bright red ground, neat and smooth lines emerged one after another, and one after another grid was uncontrolled. Emerges from the ground, divides the death forest to form a chessboard, and the entire space is filled with an irresistible divine power!

"What's going on?" Seeing this, Gu Yuan, Xun'er and the others hurriedly panicked, watching tens of thousands of spiritual bodies scattered around uncontrollably, and their bodies were also scattered by an incomprehensible divine force. .

"We... are all chess pieces!" Gu Yuan's eyes revealed an endless desolation, he raised his head suddenly, and stared away at the sky of the Forest of Death.

"This is twelve-fingered chess, and it is also a life-and-death chessboard."

"Friendly reminder, once a person 'dies' on the chessboard, they cannot be resurrected." Looking at Xiao Yan's calm expression, the evil spirit scholar's body was indescribably happy.

In his eyes, the more calm a person is, the greater the pressure, and for such an opponent, to overcome the opponent and watch the last life-saving straw be extinguished, the roar of grief at the moment of death is the real perfect art.

What I'm looking for is the disgust of the huge gap, that kind of going from a high-level, confident look to a lost soul, like a dead body!

"Let's talk about the rules." Xiao Yan was indeed as Xie Charm Scholar expected, the pressure increased greatly, and his calmness was just to cover up the uneasiness and fear in his body.

Too much.

Too many innocent lives.

Ever since he came to the Great Thousand World, whether it was because of the unsolved mysteries of the Xiao family or something else, Xiao Yan would tremble every time in front of such a big situation.

He was afraid, afraid that he could not do well, that he would fail, that he would betray the trust of countless strong people.

Xiao Yan in the past was definitely not like this, but the sudden increase in pressure and the heavy burden on his body made Xiao Yan feel a huge burden.

"Twelve-fingered chess, there are twelve pieces in total. After the pieces are screened, we can rearrange and play dark chess."

"One of the emperors or kings, two guards, one sacrifice, two generals, two corpses, two scouts, one sentry, and one ghost."

"The emperor is the core of my black side, and the king is the core of your white side. Once one of the emperors or kings dies, the outcome will be divided. Each piece has its own unique characteristics. The maximum distance of the pieces cannot exceed three squares."

"A **** with an attack power of 1 attacks other pawns. Except for the special pawn, the defense power of the attacked **** is 0, and each attack will lose a drop of health."

"If the attacked piece's attack power is greater than that of the attacking piece, or the defense power is greater than that of the attacking piece, the damage will be reflected."

"Guards, specializing in protecting the existence of emperors and kings, with an attack power of 1 and a health value of 2. They must not leave the emperor and the overlord for one space, and the attack distance is also one space."

"Sacrificial, the chess piece that controls our army's army, the attack power is 0, and the health value is You can call and carry the army. You can only carry this piece at a time. If it is killed, it will become the enemy's sacrifice. , the attack power increases by 1."

"General, the attack power is 2 and the health value is 1. You can kill all the pieces, but remember, the general cannot detect the stealth range."

"Dead corpse has 0 attack power and 0 health, but it can be destroyed with the opponent's health below 2, including 2 pieces, and cannot be destroyed with the emperor or king, and it must be within one square of the corpse, which can be cracked by scouts. wipe out."

"Scout, has no attack power, and has 1 HP. It can detect the enemy's situation. It can take one round to wipe out the corpse. Any ghosts on the scout's cross route will appear and cannot be attacked."

"The sentry has no attack power and no life value. Every time you move, it will randomly drop weapons and other treasures on the twelve chess pieces on the field. They cannot be killed, but the treasures can be picked up by the enemy."

"Ghost, a stealth unit, with an attack power of 1 and a health value of 1. It will automatically appear when it is close to the enemy's two squares. The invisible state cannot be attacked unless it is discovered by a scout." The evil scholar said incessantly.

"In that case, let's start." Xiao Yan sat slightly on the white throne, and an extremely serious expression appeared.

This chessboard game has to be won no matter what.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: