Chapter Vol 4 1320: Soul Sky Lock vs Broken Sky!

"Little guy, be careful."

"Although this guy's strength is only in the late two-star Dou Xian stage, the soul clan has a lot of methods to deal with humans and soul bodies. If it is about the background, he is definitely not what you can deal with now, and must fight quickly..." Soul Eater Lord Renren He kept talking.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, obviously he would not be soft-hearted or careless when dealing with the strong souls of the soul clan, and what the Soul Eater said was not unreasonable. .

"Gulugulu!" At the next moment, an extremely dark, eerie black aura appeared on the man in black, like a bright moon, and then poured into the sky under Xiao Yan's surprised eyes.

"Huhuhu!" The black air just poured into the sky, and immediately completely enveloped the entire space, and a chill that poured into Xiao Yan's heart emerged.

"Susu."

"This time, you will die!" Just as the black qi poured into the sky, it suddenly rolled into a tyrannical black cloud. In the black cloud, every beat made Xiao Yan's heart become a little more dignified.

"The fire is coming." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and did not dare to neglect, the fire attribute bucket core in his body instantly condensed a fiery red flame under the high-speed operation of Fen Jue, tightly wrapping Xiao Yan's entire body.

"It's just the brilliance of the firefly..."

"Three-stage soul lock!" The entire space was shrouded in black mist, so the figure of the man in black perched in the black cloud.

With a loud shout, three incomparably dark and strange chains, with bursts of cold light, emerged from the black cloud and roared towards Xiao Yan.

Above the chains, the small black runes seemed to have quite tyrannical power, and the space they passed through was faintly emitting a trace of restlessness.

"Huangquan refers to!"

"Huangquan Palm!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky!" It seemed that the man in black struck at will, but Xiao Yan knew the tyranny of the three chains, and immediately did not dare to hesitate. He cast it out and resisted the three chains of the man in black.

Xiao Yan knew the tyranny of the three chains, so naturally this attack was just to delay time.

"Crash!" As soon as the two powers touched each other, the sound of deafening energy explosions continued in an endless stream, and the entire space was filled with an unusually hot smell.

"Pick me up a foot!" Before the two attacked, Xiao Yan suddenly slammed the ancient ruler of the fire, and he slid away from the palm of his hand. With a rather fierce wind, he shot the man in black above the sky. go.

"Bang bang bang!" Seeing Xiao Yan's fierce blow, the man in black snorted coldly, and suddenly a black thunder was emitted from the black clouds around him. Xiao Yan's Yihuo Heng ancient ruler touched each other.

"Boom!" The harsh metal friction sound continued to emanate from the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire, but no matter how tyrannical the black thunderbolt of the man in black was, it was also intercepted under the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire.

"It's not over yet!" The man in black sneered, and the three chains instantly broke Xiao Yan's attack, and bursts of cold light were like poisonous snakes, attacking Xiao Yan from a very tricky angle.

If this kind of tyrannical attack was hit, there is no need to doubt it. I am afraid that it would be as tyrannical as Xiao Yan, and it would also be weakened for a while.

"It seems that the victory and defeat are already divided."

"Xiao Yan, who does not have the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler, is no different from his bare hands at this time, and his combat effectiveness may be greatly reduced." The pastoral outside the field shook his head slightly. He has not been absent from Xiao Yan's battles these few times, so he naturally feels Xiao Yan's combat effectiveness. Strong and tyrannical has a lot to do with the ancient ruler of different fires.

However, he didn't know that the ancient ruler of different fires had many mysterious effects of suppressing vindictiveness. Without the shackles of the ancient rulers of different fires, Xiao Yanfang at this time was the real peak state.

"It's too much to look down on me." Xiao Yan sneered, and then just when the three chains were about to attack him with a fierce breath, the space around him suddenly squirmed, and then the next moment, Xiao Yan's figure disappeared out of thin air. .

"What's going on?" Looking at Xiao Yan who disappeared, the three chains also suddenly lost their target and dissipated in an instant, even causing the man in black's face to change greatly. Obviously, according to the information he had, Xiao Yan just cast this kind of attack. There is no record of fighting skills.

"Are you looking for me?" The man in black looked around anxiously in the dark cloud, and then the space in the dark cloud wiggled slightly, and then a rather terrifying breath filled the air.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This breath was undoubtedly several times more tyrannical than the previous Xiao Yan.

"Get out of here!" With a loud shout, Xiao Yan, who had just appeared, hit the man in black with a heavy punch.

"Pfft!" The man in black naturally didn't expect Xiao Yan to travel in a short distance, so he didn't have the slightest defense, and was directly punched by Xiao Yan at such a close distance. The huge destructive force and impact made his figure face instantly. Fly upside down on the ground.

"Bastard!" The man in black was hit so hard by Xiao Yan that his figure smashed a pit that was dozens of meters deep on the ground, and even the black robe covering his body became shattered.

"You forced me!"

"Soul Sky Lock!" Standing up, he looked at Xiao Yan in the sky with a livid face, the man in black couldn't help but his breath became gloomy.

"Crash!" As soon as the black-clothed man's voice fell, a red chain several meters in size slowly appeared on the surface of the black-clothed man's body.

The red chain is quite small, and the blood-colored runes on it are even smaller, but also more delicate, there is a vague sense of unease that makes Xiao Yan's scalp tingle.

"Pfft." When the red chain appeared, Xiao Yan clearly felt that his soul power was faintly showing a hint of fear.

"The fourth finger of the sky and the second finger..."

"Break the sky!" A majestic voice filled with Xiao Yan's whole body with an unquestionable monstrous aura.

He lifted his finger slightly, and then a dazzling ray of light that condensed Xiao Yan's whole body, would face the man in black on the ground.

"It's good to come!"

"Let us decide the outcome with one move."

"Soul Heaven Lock, the power to lock the soul!"

"Suppress me!"

"Susu!" Seeing Xiao Yan also unleashing such a tyrannical attack, the man in black laughed wildly, without the slightest fear, the red chains on his body suddenly burst out with a terrifying aura, and the sharp part of the chains carried bursts of terror like poison The fluctuations went towards Xiao Yan, and it was astonishing that Xiao Yan was completely locked.

"Four fingers in the sky break through the sky!"

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, locked the man in black at a height below zero, and then slowly raised his fingers, like a giant Buddha hoping that Henggu would not fall down, and gently tapped at the man in black on the ground!

"Shabu Shabu!" A giant finger of a hundred meters of light, with incomparable terrifying energy, suddenly attacked the red chain that contained the aura of annihilation.

"Boom!" A violent force shook the entire competitive mountain range.

"These two guys are really two monsters..." Watching the two of them fighting so fiercely on the field, Duo Tianfeng couldn't help but become nervous.

"Xiao Yan, I hope you don't disappoint us." Once Xiao Yan was defeated, the man in black must take action.