Chapter Vol 4 1857: Kill the angel, the catastrophe ends!

The void that was originally clear sky turned bleak and cold, and the angelic power surrounding Mekal, thanks to Xiao Yan's demonic power, could not break the slightest for a while, so Xiao Yan didn't waste any time, and stood proudly in the sky. .

"Now, I'm afraid I have to try that trick." An even more terrifying madness filled Xiao Yan's heart.

The devil, the most yin and the evil, is an unknown force that surpasses the cognition of the world.

Sacred flames are extremely sacred, and they are the real treasures in the vast world.

In the sea of ​​fighting qi in the body, the amber-colored holy flame crystal slowly appeared on Xiao Yan's palm.

Since the power of the devil entered the body and pulled him back from the brink of death, the power of holy flame in the body was directly pressed back into the sea of ​​fighting qi by the power of the devil.

"Since you are so rude, come on!"

"This time, I'll go back and send you on your way." Xiao Yan said coldly, the dark green demon power and the amber four holy flames merged with the new holy flames, and simultaneously emerged on Xiao Yan's hands.

On one side, there is a sacred object that can burn all things to purify evil. It is an amber flame soul fire that is enough to rank in the top fifteen of the holy flame list!

And the dark green power on the other palm, extremely cold and evil, is the only existence in this world, the power of the newly born demon!

The fusion of the divine flame and the power of evil demons, such a feat, I don’t know what will evolve into something, but when Ermo’s terrifying power that also surpassed the heavens and the earth appeared, Xiao Yan’s heart suddenly became excited.

And there was a vague sense of intuition telling Xiao Yan that what came out of this fusion might subvert his own cognition, and even be more powerful than the previous Buddha's Wrath Samsara!

Of course, if he couldn't stand the torture in the middle of the fusion, if the power of the devil and the holy flame couldn't be merged at all, Xiao Yan was just asking for his own death.

After all, Xiao Yan was gambling this time.

Likewise, Mekal is gambling.

In this way, Xiao Yan slowly adjusted all his breaths, waiting for the two breaths to reach a certain balance, he would directly start to fuse them!

And as Mekal evolved the pattern of forbidden arts, long chants emerged from his mouth, and they turned into countless high-pitched Sanskrit sounds, rendering the entire light barrier into a lifeless death zone!

This battle will be the last battle, and it will be an unforgettable battle for everyone in the Tianxing Continent!

Beneath the rock and earth wall, a narrow underground shelter.

Weak lights, thin air, and thousands of people crowded, but at this time it was unusually quiet.

"All the soldiers of the Imperial Guard and all the high-ranking members of the royal family." Lin Yunshu was standing on a rock at this time, and said indifferently, the emperor crawls quietly behind him.

"Your Highness Queen, order it. There are absolutely no people in our Star Continent who are greedy for life and fear of death." The princess' voice just fell, and some noisy voices emerged from the crowd. Even under the rock and soil wall, with the help of the crystal ball, they were also Can clearly see everything that is happening outside.

The Sky Demon Xiao Yan fought hard against the angels to protect this already riddled territory.

The legendary demons are so heinous and disgusting, the angels are extremely holy and maintain the order of the world, but at this time, what hundreds of thousands of them have seen with their own eyes is only one person who is trying to use forbidden magic for his own selfish desires, trying to completely obliterate this scene. The angel of the territory, and a demon who is not willing to give up his struggle and violently give up his resistance even if he is scarred!

Who is the devil and who is the angel, among these guys, there is already a clear division!

Every time they saw the devil and the angel fighting in the sky through the crystal ball, their hearts were shaken violently, and a trace of grief and tears dripped uncontrollably!

The power of the demon Xiao Yan has surpassed the sky and the earth. If he wants to leave, he can just turn around and leave.

But he didn't, because he was the Lord of Endless Fire Territory and a helper personally invited by Her Royal Highness the Princess!

With all these, Xiao Yan's figure has become unattainable in their minds!

Seeing the aura of the demon Xiao Yan's never-say-die, they also wanted to run out and fight the angel in a dignified manner!

Even if it is shattered!

Seeing the figure of the demon Xiao Yan standing still, something in their hearts was severely touched.

In this territory, with their wives and children, they must stand at the forefront, and the existence of Xiao Yan is their last line of defense!

"The soldiers of the forbidden army, at this time, the angels are trying to use forbidden techniques to destroy the guy we depend on for survival. Lord Xiao Yan is our last line of defense."

"Pick up your weapon and kill the enemy with me!" The princess said enthusiastically.

"Kill kill kill!" The majestic aura filled this place with an unprecedented fervor.

"If you have wives and children, get out!" Lin Yunshu was relieved when he saw this, and his tone calmed down slightly.

"Shabu Shabu!" I don't know why the princess said that, but among the crowd, hundreds of people still stood up voluntarily.

"Those who have children but no wives, get out!" Lin Yunshu said lightly, and opened his mouth.

"Shabu!" In the crowd, nearly half of the figures stepped forward one after another. They were very puzzled as to why the princess was like this at such a critical moment.

"If there are elderly people at home, come out!" Lin Yuner said.

"Weng buzzing." As Lin Yunshu's voice fell, only one-tenth of the old men stood quietly in place of the many soldiers and high-ranking guards.

"You, wait in place, the future of Tianxing Continent is handed over to you."

"In this battle, there will be death and no life. Those who are willing to follow this princess will be listed as the founding heroes of the country after their death."

"Whoever is willing, kill the enemy with this princess!"

"Defend our homeland together!" The princess supported Ji Xuan's palm contentedly, and the power of the stars on her forehead slowly diffused out and fell on the dozens of people who were unconcerned. With the spirit of death, he left the shelter and walked towards the sky.

This time, I am afraid that there will be no life!

"His female horse's..."

"Let a class of female streamers lead the army to fight for our hope of survival for me. Can we men and men not be so useless?"

"Sir Xiao Yan and the princess are so kind-hearted, and I am not a hard-hearted person!"

"Fight the dirty angel!"

"Defend our homeland to the death!" During the speech, a vast voice formed a long wave, spreading in the refuge, and as the sound spread, hundreds of thousands of humans in the refuge, small The weak woman who was unable to hold the chicken wrapped some newborn babies and left the shelter together, facing the outside world.

Here is their guy, the angels are trying to destroy this place, and they will fight for it with everything they have, even if it is to destroy both body and soul!

The momentum of an army of hundreds of thousands can be described as truly appalling.

In the sky, on the palm of the demon Xiao Yan, there was a flash of dark green and amber light beads, which beat violently in Xiao Yan's center, only the size of a dragon's eye, but every beat would make the sky completely uneasy!

"The country is pious!" At this moment, Mekal's forbidden technique was quietly completed, and behind him a transparent and sacred building like a palace of death stood quietly.

This thing, because of the vastness of time and the limited power, can barely be regarded as a semi-forbidden technique, but the power contained in it is truly suffocating!

"Crash!" The most evil and holy strange bead was heavily projected by Xiao Yan. At that time, the sound of heaven and earth went silent, and the enchantment of light shook violently, as if it would be completely shattered at any moment.

"Demon, it's over, this is your judgment and the punishment from the angel!"

"Pfft!" Mekal's cold holy voice spread out, and a huge building full of golden energy suddenly descended behind him!

That feeling, like a child standing in front of a pillar of the sky, that oppression, that awe-inspiring aura, makes people truly feel a fear that comes from the soul!

"Since I obliterate me, get ready, I will tear off your angel's mask and see if the angel's soul is pure!"

"Break me!" When the strange beads touched the magnificent building, Xiao Yan's voice was extremely cold!

And two forces that transcended the boundaries vented out, but this sky exploded uncontrollably.

This battle has finally come to an end.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.