Chapter 532: Snake torture heart demon!

"You need to adjust your breath first." Seeing this, Snake Xing said to Xiao Yan on the side.

As an eight-star Dou Di powerhouse, it deeply knows the terrifyingness of this evil thing, so even Xiao Yan, who has the power to devour, must be extremely careful.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words, did not refuse, and sat cross-legged directly. Immediately, one after another medicinal pills appeared from his hands, and he was swallowed directly.

At first glance, those medicinal pills knew that they were not of ordinary quality, and Xiao Yan's breath quickly returned to its peak.

"Is this still a human?" Seeing this, Snake Xing suddenly widened his pupils, staring at Xiao Yan as if he were looking at a monster.

Even if you are rich and willful, you can't waste it like this, right?

At first glance, these medicinal pills are from the master's pen. How could this human being eat them without money?

It is no wonder that the Snake Punishment Society was so surprised. After all, Xiao Yan was an alchemist at the peak of the first rank of the emperor. As for wealth, there was no profession more affluent than a pharmacist.

"Huhuhu." After the last trace of Dou Qi lingered on Xiao Yan and disappeared, Xiao Yan's aura also recovered to its peak.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan's breath returned to his peak, and he spoke slightly.

"Lingling, the two of you back away a little, and I will temporarily seal this pavilion with special power." Serpent Punishment said heavily.

For this day, Snake Punishment has longed for countless years!

Although this evil power is suppressed by some special powers of the snake spirit, it will always break out every once in a while. At that time, the snake spirit is also helpless, so the snake torture is painful!

If the evil power can be completely freed, even if it is to let the snake torture hand over the most important demon core!

"En." The snake spirit nodded slightly, and then came to the water surface of the lake with a woman of the same age as him in his hands, but there was a strange light shining in the eyes of the snake spirit, obviously thinking about what Snake said just now. .

If the two of them really met from the bottom of the lake, what was their life experience?

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Why was he abandoned when he was a baby?

Why is my sister, Sheyu, in a coma all the time!

Various mysteries plague the snake spirit.

"Boy, if this time is successful, I will not only take you to the depths of this mansion to get what you need, but I will also tell you some other secrets, and you will also make this king owe money. A favor."

"The favor of an eight-star Dou Di-level powerhouse, this is..." Snake Xing said to Xiao Yan in a low voice when he saw the two snake spirits retreating.

"Other secrets?" Xiao Yan heard the words, but he was quite interested, but before he had time to think, he immediately started expelling.

"The evil power in your body is too terrifying, I can only do my best, I can't guarantee the rest." Xiao Yan ignored the words of the snake torture.

"Happy!" After Snake Xing finished speaking, he glanced at Xiao Yan contentedly, and then three-colored rays of light appeared all over his body.

"Is this the power of the three-headed water spirit snake..." Xiao Yan stared at the strange three-color light on the snake's body, and an affinity emerged instantly.

"Three-Edged Square!" Angrily shouted, and then suddenly erupted from Snake Punishment's body, and then the pavilion, which was about five meters wide and ten meters high, was instantly covered by a burst of three-color light!

The next moment, all the spaces of the pavilion were imprisoned, and there was a terrifying circle around the pavilion, blocking the entry and exit of all items!

"What a tyrannical sealing method."

"Just because of the degree of seal of Dou Qi, I'm afraid that the average eight-star Dou Emperor would not be able to eat it and walk around... This snake torture really has a few hits." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help sighing slightly.

"Get ready, I'm going to force it out!" The next moment, Snake Punishment's anxious voice came out slowly.

"You just need to force it out of your body, and then protect your mind. Leave the rest to me!" Xiao Yan also knew the importance of the matter, so he did not dare to hesitate any longer, and then spoke slowly.

"Okay!" Hearing the words, Snake Punishment made a dark voice. For this time, Snake Punishment had to take a gamble, otherwise this evil force would erupt again, and I am afraid that Snake Punishment would be directly swallowed up!

As soon as the snake sentence fell, it instantly stimulated the huge fighting qi in the body, and then constantly forced a trace of black qi in the body.

When the three-colored rays of light from the whole body of the snake torture appeared, Xiao Yan, through his huge soul power, was astonished to see that the black energy seemed to be attached to his bone marrow, living in the limbs and bones of the snake torture!

"How long does it take to corrode..." Xiao Yan said solemnly, and immediately knew that this matter was not simple, so he did not dare to take it lightly and observe carefully.

"Susu..." With the continuous persecution of snake torture, even the black qi in the body that was attached to the bone marrow was slowly driven out!

"Ah, ah ..." A sound appeared from the snake sentence, as the screams continued, the darkness of the scattered is slowly condensed.

"It's so evil." Xiao Yan had just noticed that this group was about the size of a palm, and suddenly a chilling feeling came from the bottom of his heart!

"Susu...Old guy, wanting to die is not the idea." An extremely eerie voice immediately emerged from the black air.

"You demons..."

"You... Damn!" Snake Punishment is still screaming in pain, but with his decisive approach, it is a method of hurting a thousand enemies and killing eight hundred, but this is the only way to completely destroy The evil power in the body shot out!

"Since you want to die, then this will fulfill you!" A bohemian voice suddenly emerged from its black air.

Immediately after the sound fell, the black air swirled rapidly, and in just a few breaths, it condensed into a figure.

Rather than a human figure, it is more appropriate to say that it is a devil.

I saw that the figure was surrounded by black energy Those scarlet eyes were like bloodthirsty monsters, and they looked extremely evil.

"Is this all the evil power in your body..." Xiao Yan saw that the situation of the snake torture was slightly better, so he said.

In fact, Xiao Yan admires this snake torture a little bit. Just by this method of hurting one thousand enemies and killing eight hundred, I am afraid that few people can do it!

"Yeah." Snake Punishment said in a low voice, it was obvious that what he did just now was quite in line with him.

"This person's strength is a bit terrifying..." Xiao Yan murmured in a low voice.

"Susu, human, get out of the way. This is a matter between me and him. If you wanted to intervene, you would have experienced the storm of hell." The figure transformed by the power of evil spoke slowly.

Apparently, he also discovered some oddities about Xiao Yan. Although his strength was only in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, he actually made him feel terrified!

That's why this evil power is so cautious.

"I'm here to take something from you." Xiao Yan said with a slow smile, not feeling any fear at all because of the horror of the evil power in front of him. Some of them were just in the palm of his hand, exuding a madness. An extremely greedy soul eater!

This is Xiao Yan's greatest proof!

"What?" The power of evil said slightly.

"Take your life." The joking words were like thunder, and suddenly exploded in the evil power figure's heart!

Ask for tickets!