Chapter 25: Moon House Trivia!

"Hahaha, Yue'er is all a girl and still crying, and she's not afraid of other people's jokes?" Yue Yu was obviously very happy because of the dark disease she had just cured for many years. He knows very well that this precious daughter of his own has not been worried about this matter for years.

Yueyu hugged her daughter and let her cry for a while, and then said: "Okay, don't cry, you know that my father, Xiao Yan, the spirit and soul power spent by Xiao Yan to heal me is not weaker than me, you are not ready to bring it. Does he go down to rest?"

"Ah?" Yue Ru didn't realize it until Xiao Yan seemed to be still in this room, so she had seen her crying in front of her father just now?

"Ah ah ah!"

"You're ugly, you're ugly!" At this moment, Yueru's face was flushed red and she wanted to find a hole to burrow in.

"Let's go, I'll take you down to rest. Daddy, you also have a good rest!" After speaking, he stared at his father fiercely and said, indicating that he is also recovering from a serious illness and needs a good rest, then opened the door and led Xiao Yan out.

Yueru herself has reached the age to talk about marriage. Before, because of her father's injury, she had been looking for someone who could save her father. things are up. The young man in front of him not only rescued his father, but he was also a first-rank pharmacist, and a three-star fighting emperor. Such a young man not only made De Yueru feel like a deer, but his peers There are very few people who make De Yueru tempted.

"It's here, you can rest here well. I'll call you when it's time for dinner. I'll go first and not disturb your rest." Yue Ru brought Xiao Yan into a spacious room and said.

Xiao Yan looked at Yueru Guliang who was slowly withdrawing, and also crawled onto the bed and fell asleep. The load has been too great these few days. The body and even the soul strength need a good rest.

The first ray of sunlight in the morning shone into the room, Xiao Yan got up and stretched. He had a good rest last night, and he should be able to retreat today.

Immediately, he walked out of the door and towards the hall.

"Patriarch, please forgive me!"

"I really didn't do these things, they were all ordered by the third elder. It's really unfair!" A short man knelt in front of the hall and begged Yueyu for mercy.

"Third Elder, what else do you have to say?"

"I plead guilty." The old man known as the third elder saw that the evidence was solid, but he did not argue because he also knew the thunderous tactics of the Patriarch in front of him.

"In recent years, my illness has recurred, and my strength is not as good as before. How many good things have you done behind my back? I won't know in the future?"

"Now that I've got rid of the dark disease, it's time to tidy up this family!" After Yue Yu's body was finished, the powerful aura of the peak of the Five-Star Dou Di emanated instantly, and everyone in the family hall couldn't help but feel the slightest coercion.

"Come here, take them down and deal with them according to the clan rules!" Yue Yu also instructed.

"It really deserves it!"

"You can't live because of your own sins!" Some people in the parliament hall continued to agree with the patriarch's approach. Keeping family pests like this will only discredit the family.

"Little friend Xiao Yan is awake?" Yue Yu's originally angry face suddenly became loving when she saw Xiao Yan, and smiled at Xiao Yan, because he also knew that her daughter seemed to be a little uncomfortable with the man in front of her. With the same emotion, as a father, he naturally wants to help her.

"The patriarch is really polite. After yesterday's sake, I have some vague signs of a breakthrough, so I came here this time to take advantage of the training room in the clan to retreat." Xiao Yan also clasped his fists towards Yue Yu.

"Are you going to make a breakthrough? This is a matter, of course there is no problem!" Yue Yu was obviously in a good mood because her injury was almost healed, and she was in a good mood after clearing the family, and laughed loudly.

"Breaking through is something that can't be met. If that's the case, it's not too late. Go now." Xiao Yan said.

"Yue'er, why are you still standing there? Take little friend Xiao Yan to retreat." Yue Yu said to her absent-minded daughter, her daughter is really real. Since her injury has healed, Xiao Yan is not only looking at the six gods and no masters. Moreover, the eyes are about to fly out, are you afraid that others won't see it, "Hey, that's all, it's really a big girl!" Yue Yu sighed in her heart, but her mouth and heart were all from the heart. of joy.

Walking on the path of ghosts, Xiao Yan looked at the princess dress in front of him, Fen Dai Yunna, who was obviously dressed like she had been carefully dressed, Yue Ru, who had a slightly nervous expression on her face, hurriedly asked, "Does Yue Guliang have something on her mind?"

"It's not really a concern, I'm also very happy that my father's dark illness is cured, but..." Yue Ru answered Xiao Yan's question in a wrong way. Although my father enlightened me for a long time last night, love is to be fought for by myself. How can you know if you don't try something? Father's evaluation of Xiao Yan is also very high. Now he is a three-star Dou Emperor at a young age, and he is also a first-order alchemist of the emperor's rank. Even if he is a small powerhouse with such potential... But the one with Xiao Yan girl...

The more Yueru thought about it, the more fascinated she became, her cheeks flushed red and she didn't know what she was thinking. Xiao Yan was also staring at Yueru in confusion.

"It's almost there, just ahead."

"I went to see the girl with you this morning. Obviously, her soul power is exhausted, and she should rest for a while before she wakes up."

"I'll take good care of her while you're in seclusion for a long time, so you can rest assured." The two walked quietly to the end of the trail, and Yueru hurriedly changed the subject to Xiao Yan in order to resolve the embarrassment.

"If that's the case, then thank Yue Guliang." Xiao Yan looked at the simple stone gate outside the path, and slowly opened it under the guidance of Yueru, and immediately waved at Yueru Guliang and took a big step. went in.

"Hey! Xiao Yan! Is that girl your wife?" The moment Xiao Yan stepped in, Yue Ru obviously gathered up her courage and said to Xiao Yan. No wonder Yue Ru asked this question. Judging from her appearance, They are all a match made in heaven, is there no chance for me to finally meet a man who makes my heart happy...

Looking at Xiao Yan who slowly entered the stone gate for seclusion, Yue Ru also mustered up the courage to ask.

"She is my younger sister." A lazy voice came from Shimen. Xiao Yan thought that she was so grateful to him for saving his father. How could she know what Yueru was thinking.

"Sister?" Shimenwai had originally planned to give up, but when Yue Ru heard Xiao Yan's answer, she couldn't help feeling a little moved in the corner of her eyes.

Then he said in a voice that only he could hear, "I made a decision at the beginning, as long as I can cure my father, I will marry you, even if I am young, I am willing, no matter what happens in the future, I will depend on you. I'm on you, Xiao Yan, you can't run away."

"Thank you, Xiao Yan." After speaking, he couldn't help but leave the trail a little moved.

"Go on, no one in the training room is allowed to disturb you, and take care of that girl."

​​