Chapter Vol 4 1002: Saint-level soul fighting skills, You Mingtian is stunned!

"The next thing is this soul fighting skill..." Seeing that the Soul Eater Talisman had put away the blood river bell, Xiao Yan suddenly looked away and looked at another silver scroll surrounded by cyan light.

"Hey, kid, although this is a true soul fighting skill, but in my opinion, the level of this fighting skill is probably enough to rank at the pinnacle of holy tier fighting skill, and a soul attack at the pinnacle level of holy tier might be among the Dou Emperors. , can achieve one-hit kill, can be described as a real killer."

"But there is one thing I want to remind you, although your soul power has soared to the peak of Dou Di, and you are only one level away from the fairyland, the creator of this spiritual fighting skill at the peak of the holy level will only be stronger than you. , if you succeed, it's fine, if you fail accidentally, I'm afraid your soul will be destroyed in an instant..."

"So, do you still want to practice?" The Soul Eater Talisman said to Xiao Yan vigilantly, sensing the scroll of soul fighting skills with the power of destruction in front of him.

"Senior, don't worry, I, Xiao Yan, are not greedy for life and fear of death."

"And I know that if you want to get something, you must pay first!"

"Furthermore, I don't believe that I can't do anything about it!" Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes firmly looking at the scroll in front of him.

What the Soul Eater Talisman said just now is not unreasonable, just from the perspective of the outermost soul power, it is almost the same as himself, and Xiao Yin vaguely feels that this riverbed has existed for a long time, this soul The strength can still maintain the peak of the emperor's realm under the erosion of the years, which is enough to explain the tyranny of this soul fighting skill.

"Then let's start!"

"Don't worry, I will protect the law for you."

"Although my current strength is less than ten, but with Soul Eater and Blood River Bell, even if it is the worst plan, I can protect your soul." Soul Eater said firmly.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan said softly, obviously the reason why the Soul Eater Talisman was like this was that he had just helped him obtain the blood river bell, but it still warmed Xiao Yan's heart.

"Soul power!"

"Come out!" Xiao adjusted his breath for a short time, and then let out a loud drink.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's whole body was suddenly filled with an unusually large amount of soul power. I am afraid that some nine-star fighting emperors who specialize in soul cultivation have never possessed this level of soul power.

"Go." With his eyes closed gently, Xiao Yan controlled his soul power and walked away towards the blue light that wrapped his soul fighting skills in front of him.

If you want to cultivate soul fighting skills, after all, you must first obtain the approval of the outermost cyan soul power, otherwise everything is just nonsense.

"Hululu!" Xiao Yan's soul power just emerged above the blue light, and suddenly the blue light burst into a monstrous suction, which directly swallowed and absorbed Xiao Yan's soul power!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn!"

If it goes on like this, sooner or later, you will be sucked into an adult! "Xiao Yan cursed secretly, and then the soul force in his body suddenly formed a miniature energy python on top of his head!

"Sisi!" The soul energy python let out a roar, and then quickly rose up, directly opening its hideous snake mouth, and biting away at the blue light.

"Bang bang bang!" The energy python directly bit on the blue light, and then the blue light that continuously devoured Xiao Yan's soul power suddenly shook, as if he had suffered some damage.

But the next moment, the soul energy giant python also dissipated in an instant.

"Sure enough, the manipulation of soul power is still too unfamiliar." Xiao Yan shook his head and said a word, and then he condensed a miniature python in Du Du, and Du Du and just like before biting away at the blue light.

And with Xiao Yan condensing the energy of the mini python one after another, the seemingly powerful cyan light was finally unable to hold on, and it shattered with a loud bang.

"Huhuhu!" The blue soul light that protected the soul fighting skill disappeared instantly, and then Xiao Yan sat down with his butt. Obviously, while the soul power was being swallowed up, he condensed the soul python to attack the blue light, which gave Xiao Yan a lot of money. pressure.

"Haha, what a terrifying kid." The Soul Eater Talisman on the side looked at Xiao Yan's appearance, but didn't alarm him, because the Soul Eater Talisman knew that it was too much for him just now, so let him rest now.

"Fortunately, the power of the blue soul has been eroded by the years, and it has long since collapsed. Otherwise, this soul fighting skill would have been wasted." Xiao Yan laughed for a while, then got up and said.

"Next, it's time to harvest."

"Learn this soul fighting skill, with your current strength, let alone three days of **** Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that the real eight-star fighting emperor can't resist your move." Soul Devouring Talisman burst out. foul language.

"En." Xiao Yan also sensed it, and slowly agreed, then without hesitation, he stretched out his hand and held the silver scroll tightly in his hand!

"Weng buzzing!" Just as the silver scroll was held by Xiao Yan, an extremely powerful repulsion immediately emerged.

"The power of your soul that protects you has already surrendered to me, you should not resist too much." Xiao Yan shook his head and smiled.

And as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the silver soul fighting skill scroll became quiet.

"I want to see how strong this Soul Fighting Skill is." Xiao Yan laughed, and then the dazzling Soul Power directly emerged, and at the same time, both hands slowly opened the silver Soul Fighting Skill scroll!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as the silver scroll was opened, a monstrous and tyrannical aura suddenly emerged, even a phantom, standing directly on the silver scroll.

Above the phantom, it is almost transparent, but there is a magnificent aura of the supreme king in the world.

"Plop!" With the appearance of this phantom, the enormous pressure directly made Xiao Yan's body heavier. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's firmness of heart, he would probably kneel down instantly.

"It's so strong!" And this near-transparent phantom in Xiao Yan's eyes was a different existence. He knew that this phantom was condensed with soul power.

"What a tyrannical guy, this kind of strength, I'm afraid it is also full of the level of four-star fighting immortals?" The Soul Eater Talisman on the side couldn't help but exclaimed.

"Saint-rank peak soul fighting skill: You Mingtian."

"The spirit is the main thing, and the soul is the attack."

"This skill is about the power of a single blow."

"As soon as the quiet voice came out, the world was in a trance!" And with the dazzling characters that appeared on the silver scroll, the ghost shadow on the scroll was slowly rehearsing!

The soul phantom in the scroll slowly closed its eyes, but Xiao Yan noticed that at this moment, a dazzling soul force slowly condensed in his body.

"Bang bang bang!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a silent attack suddenly appeared towards the narrow space outside the riverbed!

"Boom boom boom!" With a mere blow, the dazzling ghostly energy at the bottom of the entire Blood River Pond was instantly wiped out!

The entire Blood River Pond is rapidly recovering its blood color, and the strange ghost energy has disappeared without a trace!

And Xiao Yan's pupils, also at this moment, slowly closed, obviously what the phantom just practiced was this soul fighting skill!

m.