Chapter 615: Bamboo is welcome!

There are only five days before the team competition, and the time Mu Yingying said she wants to advance in the back mountain is only one day.

On this day, Xiao Yan got up early, still as before, constantly comprehending the holy flame and power in his body, trying to at least completely control his power in the team competition.

"It should be here." Outside Wuzhuju, an uninvited guest came slowly.

The figure looked at the large characters on the courtyard, and immediately took a step forward and entered.

"Excuse me, does Xiao Yan live here?" A gentle voice resounded in the courtyard.

"En?" Xiao Yan discovered this man when he first stepped into the Wuzhu Residence, but when the man opened his mouth, Xiao Yan was quite surprised!

"I still can't help it..."

"However, this person's strength is only in the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. It seems that the people in this hall also..." Xiao Yan shook his head, somewhat puzzled as to what was going on in the hall.

"I am." Xiao Yan got up and slowly opened the door, then said indifferently to the man outside the door.

"Hehe, Senior Brother Xiao Yan really deserves to be the leader in our Hall of Humanity. I also heard that Senior Brother Xiao Yan made a big fight and knocked out the fifth Senior Brother from the Hall of Earth!"

"So relieved!" The man looked at Xiao Yan with excitement, his eyes filled with admiration!

These five people in the Five Bamboo Residence are now the strongest people in the Burning Incense Pavilion in their entire Human Palace. They were not there before, and these named disciples were often bullied by the people in the Earth Palace!

Although they are only named disciples, they are not really qualified to join the Hall of Humanity, but no matter what, they are now part of the Hall of Humanity.

"Haha, it's hard work." Xiao Yan smiled lightly.

Xiao Yan thought there was something wrong, but it turned out to be this.

"Right, I almost forgot."

"Elder Zhu asked Senior Brother Xiao Yan to come over. It seems that he has something to ask you." The named disciple was afraid of forgetting the most important thing, so he spoke immediately.

"Youngest Bamboo..." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head.

Obviously Xiao Yan believed that when he just stepped into the Burning Incense Pavilion, Elder Zhu knew that he was back. After all, Elder Zhu's strength was at the half-immortal level!

And let's not forget about the name of the first battle formation master in Xuantian San, Zhu Lao, such a ruthless person, I am afraid that very few people in Xuan Santian would dare to provoke him!

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he sent the named disciple away, and immediately headed for the place where Elder Zhu lived!

Along the way, Xiao Yan also seemed to hear some good or bad news from other people's ears.

For example, Xiao Yan didn't know that the sky was high and the earth was thick, but he actually beat the fifth senior brother of the Earth Palace into a coma. If this was known to the senior brothers in the Earth Palace who had always been short-sighted, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's situation would be very dangerous.

However, Xiao Yan did not take this to heart at all. After all, with his current strength, he had a lot of confidence in dealing with most of the disciples in the Earth Palace!

"Tsk tsk, I haven't come back for a few years. I'm afraid Old Zhu's strength is improving." Just when he came to the wooden house where Old Zhu lived, a dangerous wave instantly emanated from the wooden house!

With Xiao Yan's powerful soul power, the dangerous fluctuations naturally could not escape Xiao Yan's perception.

"Come in." Just in Xiao Yan's doubtful voice, Old Zhu's gentle voice slowly sounded from Xiao Yan's heart through the wooden house.

"Old Zhu's strength is getting more and more superb." Xiao Yan smiled lightly, and immediately stepped inside without hesitation.

Just after entering the wooden house, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a great force spread through his body.

"Hehe, you little guy has more and more secrets." Zhu Jin slowly sat in the wooden house and looked at Xiao Yan who pushed the door in.

I don't know why, but Elder Zhu actually felt a strange aura from Xiao Yan, like an enemy!

"Hehe, Elder Zhu, this time I went to the desert mountain range to gain a lot." Xiao Yan immediately walked forward slowly and said.

"You devoured the holy flame?" The plain voice said with a little tiredness.

"Yep."

"The thirty-fifth holy flame list, Fire Heart Tianyan." Xiao Yan naturally knew that the existence of this holy flame in his body could not be concealed from this old Zhu. After all, the desert mountain range was sent by the five of Xiao Yan to the old Zhu. , If Xiao Yan was covering up, he would inevitably lose his demeanor, so it would be better to say it directly.

"Originally, I just wanted you to go and see the power of the aliens. After all, the aliens in the desert mountains are not weak, but they have the existence of the masters of the desert mountains. You can also deal with them. Where can I think of you? It's better for this kid, he directly devoured other people's holy flames."

"The owner of this desert mountain range, Immortal Master Kuangmu, was a strong man who was on an equal footing with our first-generation Fenxiang Pavilion master." Zhu Lao said with some nostalgia.

"Old Bamboo, the foreign evil race broke through the seal and suppressed it. If it wasn't for that Senior Mad Muxian helping the kid, I'm afraid this time there will be no return."

"As for this holy flame, it was given to me by Senior Mad Wood Immortal Master."

"The trace of the soul left by Senior Mad Wood Immortal Master will eventually perish with that foreign evil race, so this holy flame naturally..." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The wonders of heaven and earth, those who are destined will get it."

"But remember, the truth is that every husband is innocent, and he is guilty of his own guilt." Elder Zhu obviously didn't care too much about the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body. After all, Xiao Yan was a rare seedling, and Elder Zhu wanted him to inherit it. own mantle.

"By the way, is there anything unusual about you swallowing Sheng Yan?" The next moment, Elder Zhu suddenly stood up and said to Xiao Yan.

"Extraordinary..."

"If it's abnormal, I'm afraid it's the sea of ​​fighting qi that disappeared for no reason deep within me..."

"Because I am a pharmacist, I have a soul realm and a fighting qi sea in my body, but there is no trace of fighting qi in the fighting qi sea..." Xiao Yan murmured.

"Dou Qi disappears in the world?" The next moment, Old Zhu's dull eyes suddenly became solemn, and he said in a deep voice.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan agreed, and immediately told Elder Zhu about the abnormality that appeared in his body's Dou Qi sea.

"Flaming beast?" When Old Zhu heard the words, he frowned. Obviously, even with Old Zhu's experience, he had never heard of such a situation.

"Every time I break through, the size of this flaming beast will be significantly compressed, but I can feel that although the vindictiveness in my vindictive sea has disappeared, it seems to be swallowed up by this flaming beast!" Xiao Yan hesitated.

"According to what you said, I'm afraid you, the fiery beast, is formed by the condensed vindictiveness in your body."

"Dou Emperor's practice has been to compress the sea of ​​vindictive energy since ancient times. Your sea of ​​dou qi has turned into a fierce beast of flame. After one compression of the fierce beast of flame, you may be able to live a good life at the same level just by relying on dou qi alone. The improvement of strength, once compressed, may have indescribable benefits for you in the future." Zhu Lao is indeed a person with extensive knowledge, and in a few moments, he thought about the reason why Xiao Yan's fighting qi disappeared from the sea.

"You don't need to know the specific things right now. As long as you practice hard, when you become the Nine Star Dou Di, you will naturally understand the benefits of your Dou Qi sea flame beast." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, suddenly there were some strange expressions on the corners of his mouth. smile.

Ask for tickets!