Chapter Vol 4 1427: 108 Immortal Artifacts!

"Qiankun Yubi!" Xiao Yan looked at the dazzling light in Shiren's arms, and couldn't help but lose his voice.

Qiankun Jade Wall, this is one of the best Xeon Immortal Artifacts in the Great Thousand Worlds!

As we all know, the immortal artifacts in the Great Thousand Worlds are basically divided into rank 1 to rank 9. A rank immortal artifact corresponds to a star fighting immortal, but some immortal artifacts are beyond this category!

And the so-called Qiankun Jade Wall right now is beyond the scope of ordinary fairy artifacts!

Ordinary fairy tools have their own tyrannical power, but they must be exerted by humans. To put it bluntly, they are not used by humans, and they are also bleak, no different from a pile of scrap iron.

But the one hundred and eight kinds of fairy weapons are different. They each possess unpredictable terrifying power, and even have a lot of wisdom. Even if they are not motivated by human beings, just relying on instinct, they also store inside them. The tyrannical power that is unimaginable for ordinary people, so it is beyond the category of ordinary fairy weapons.

Therefore, many people with intentions in the Great Thousand World have collected many immortal artifacts with unpredictable powers in the Seven Realms, and formed a list of 108 kinds of Immortal Artifacts in the Great Thousand World.

There is no doubt that any of the 108 kinds of immortal artifacts in the Great Thousand World is much more arrogant than ordinary immortal artifacts, which is why they can be called the 108 kinds of immortal artifacts.

"Little guy, I didn't expect you to be so lucky..." In an instant, the Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help but said.

"Master, what is the use of this Qiankun jade wall..." Xiao Yan also said softly.

Xiao Yan only vaguely remembered that the Qiankun Jade Wall was one of one hundred and eight kinds of immortal artifacts, but the specific power was unknown.

"Qiankun Yubi, this is the nemesis of ghosts, and it is said that it is also a mysterious fairy weapon that can assist people in spiritual power cultivation."

"It doesn't have a tyrannical attack power, but once the Qiankun Jade Wall is used, the powerhouses in the ghost world can't break through that tyrannical defense in a short time."

"And spiritual power is the foundation of Dou Formation Master. As for whether it has the mystery of assisting spiritual power cultivation, I don't know."

"And the body of the Qiankun Jade Wall is a piece of white jade, and it ranks 80th on the Immortal Item List!" The majestic voice of the Soul Eater continued to sound.

"I don't know Qiankun Jade Wall and Master's Soul Eater Talisman, who is better..." Xiao Yan said with some doubts.

"Stinky boy, what are you thinking!"

"The one hundred and eight immortal weapons in the Great Thousand World are arrogant, but compared with our twelve evil soldiers in the ghost world, they are nothing."

"I am afraid that only the top ten immortal weapons can compare with my Soul Devouring Talisman..."

"But don't forget, the Great Thousand World is divided into seven realms, and one hundred and eight kinds of immortal artifacts are spread across the Great Thousand World, but among the seven realms, there are magic weapons that are more powerful than these immortal artifacts."

"In the ghost world, we call them the Twelve Evil Soldiers, they are the most powerful treasures in the entire ghost world, and they are enough to obliterate everything. Artifact." The envious voice of the Master of Soul Eater sounded slowly.

"Eighteen... Divine Artifacts?" Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling a little shocked when he heard the words. Obviously, the power of these eighteen artifacts is probably not much different from the Soul Devouring Talisman.

"Hey, this thing is still too far away for you, but you must be clear that the power and power of the divine tool are not comparable to those of the mere fairy. The power of the divine tool is enough to destroy the world." The Lord of Soul Eater laughed road.

"Boom!" While Xiao Yan was talking with the Master of Soul Eater, Yuan Yan's face was flushed, and his aura became sluggish.

"Crash!" In an instant, the mysterious white jade light on the stone man in the center of the flat landed with a soft power, blasting wildly towards Yuan Yan.

"Pfft!" Immediately, Xiao Yan's space shuttle handprints appeared, and they easily emerged in front of Yuan Yan, and then the dazzling Eternal Fire Henggu ruler with the majestic flame power directly confronted the mysterious power.

"Boom!" The two attacks just touched, and there was an endless stream of shocking explosions.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan stopped the attack and immediately turned his head to ask.

But before Xiao Yan's voice could fall, countless rocks and chains squirm under their feet in an instant, surging frantically like a tide, and the terrifying pressure contained in them might be able to easily obliterate Sanxing Douxian.

"This is a formation... and the stone man is the core of the formation. Only by destroying the stone man can the formation stop."

"Otherwise, with this senior's accomplishments in formation, both of us would have to fall here." Yuan Yan's face had a rare calmness, and then he spoke slowly.

"Hey!" As Yuan Yan's voice fell, the white jade light emitted by the jade wall on the stone man's body also dimmed, and Zaidu returned to calm, but disturbed by the scene just now, the rock formation quickly launched an offensive. .

"Bang bang bang!" With a loud roar, the rock instantly formed a huge dragon of a hundred zhang, and then shook his head and swayed its tail, roaring towards Xiao Yan and the two, surrounded by yellow mist, extremely mysterious.

"Just give it a try!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's whole body was suddenly shocked, and then a destructive flame of destruction suddenly spread out from his fingertips!

"One finger in the sky!" With a low roar, the dazzling power gathered at the fingertips, and then roared away at the rock giant dragon.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's flame finger just touched the rock giant dragon, but it was like a drizzle, without leaving any injuries, it was instantly destroyed on the dragon rock.

"Second Fingers!" With a loud shout, the more powerful fingers than before were squirming crazily!

"No, this strength is not enough!" Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, Yuan Yan shook her head.

"I know... but my target is not you!"

"Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler, give it to me!" Seeing that the second finger light instantly blocked the attack of the rock giant, Xiao Yan's eyes and soul force locked tightly on the stone man below, and the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler in his hand It was injected with the power of dazzling flame, and then it was like a bow and arrow coming out of its scabbard, and it stabbed away at the stone man.

The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler with destructive energy easily came to the stone man, and the sharp ruler was about to break the stone man's body.

"Weng Om Om!" The stone man was also aware of Xiao Yan's scene. Above his body, white jade-colored rays of light emerged, desperately resisting the attack of Xiao Yan's Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler.

"Break it to me!" Looking at the two in a stalemate, Xiao Yan suddenly snorted coldly.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the incomparable Yihuo Henggu ruler abruptly cut the stone man's body in half out of thin air!

The next moment, the giant rock dragon in front of Xiao Yan and the others also collapsed as if it had lost its power. Even at the bottom, a white jade-colored luster slowly emerged from the stone man's body, and inside the stone man's body was cloth. Full of many mysterious lines.

"It turns out that this senior actually hid the core inscription in his body, no wonder..." Yuan Yan also shook his head and said, obviously he had just started with the stone man and did not find the hidden location of the core inscription, otherwise so many troubles would not have happened.

"Is this... Qiankun Jade Wall?" The eyes of the two were completely attracted by the palm-sized white jade luster below!

Even Xiao Yan, relying on his tyrannical soul power, actually smelled an extremely strong spiritual power fluctuation from it!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!