Chapter 215: Xu Ni's miscalculation!

Xu Ni's powerful attack also came to Mu Feng in an instant. With Xu Ni's strength, he had absolute confidence to seriously injure Mu Feng!

Xu Ni's giant axe is called "Cracking Mountain Axe", which is a giant axe with a long history.

Rumor has it that this axe is full of power, and it has the power to split mountains!

A mountain range rises from the ground. In addition, the promotion of branches and mountains are closely linked, so even if it is the peak of the Four Dou Emperors, it is extremely difficult to express the might of the mountain!

After the familiar palm gently touched her, Yueru felt that a familiar and extremely huge force was also attacking Naxuni!

"Damn it!" Mu Feng also saw that Xu Ni actually exuded such terrifying power, and also knew that this was coming with the intention of killing, and then secretly cursed, and then had no time to escape, so he had to resist.

"Boom boom boom!" The heavy axe in Xu Ni's hands slashed fiercely, and the blood and flesh in his imagination did not appear, but he felt that the giant axe in his hand seemed to be blocked by some hard movement.

In front of Mu Feng, the terrifying attack of Xu Ni's double axe was blocked by a heavy black ruler!

"Are you looking for me?" Xiao Yan also raised his head and smiled at Xu Ni. There was a sense of confidence in his smile.

"Just a hairy boy who knows how to hide behind a woman. Do you think that breaking through to the early stage of the Four-Star Dou Di can change the situation?"

"The real powerhouse is..." Xu Ni also said with a proud face. Obviously, the three people who didn't know the four-star Dou Emperor early stage could bring him a lot of trouble. After all, two of them have lost their fighting ability. As for this Xiao Yan's words...

"There's a lot of nonsense." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he raised his left hand slightly, and suddenly the ancient ruler of different fires in his hand exerted force, shaking Xu Ni's giant axe away.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan also stretched out his right hand and walked towards Mu Feng. Obviously, what Mu Feng said just now was also heard by Xiao Yan.

Not to mention anything else, it is because Mu Feng knows the profound technique of slaying demons and exorcising demons, so that Xiao Yan can make friends. What Mu Feng said is indeed true. After all, if it is a lie, it cannot escape Xiao Yan. This huge soul power.

"Hey, it's alright, if you come a little late, you'll be fine." Mu Feng also grinned, obviously not taking other things to heart.

"Breakthrough?"

"Um."

"This Xu Ni is a bit strong. The powerhouses in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Di are also ranked eleventh just after you." Mu Feng and Xiao Yan were also talking intermittently.

"Don't worry, I can handle it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a delicate bottle appeared in front of Mu Feng, and Mu Feng accepted it unceremoniously.

Then Mu Feng moved to the side, opened the bottle and found that a very fragrant medicinal herb was also spread out, and then it was too late to swallow the pain.

"If you say enough, you will die!" Xu Ni also discovered that the medicinal pills in Mu Feng's hands were not ordinary, and must be some quite high-level medicinal pills, which also had a very good effect on restoring strength. Xiao Yan also secretly guessed that if he was not the son of a big family, then he must be an alchemist with a high rank.

Xu Ni was covered in red vindictiveness, and then the double axe in his hand also exuded a wave of destruction, and then Xu Ni moved!

Unpredictable, unprepared!

Just be fast! ruthless! allow!

Be fast! Let the opponent not be able to distinguish between the afterimage and the main body!

The shot must be ruthless, the terrifying attack can make the opponent unable to fight back!

The attack must be accurate! Focus on the enemy's vital points to attack, so that one hit is deadly!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xu Ni moved, the left hand of the giant axe in both hands was slightly pulled back, and then rotated in place, the right giant axe flew viciously towards Xiao Yan with the help of inertia!

Xu Ni himself already has a thousand jins of power, and with this inertial force, it has a terrifying weight of six thousand jins. If you are hit by these terrifying slashes, you will have to shed skin if you don't die!

"Humph!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then the terrifying flames instantly possessed his body. He held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire with both hands tightly. On the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire, twenty-three colors were slowly flowing!

right!

Twenty-three!

Relying on the twenty-two different fires brought by Xiao Yan from the Dou Qi Continent, and now adding Long Yi's original fire, there are already twenty-three!

The source fire that devoured Long Yi not only improved Xiao Yan's strength, but also Xiao Yan was pleasantly surprised to find that the Fen Jue in his body also instantly entered the low level of the immortal rank!

Although it is only a low-level immortal, it is undoubtedly insignificant compared to a high-level heaven!

If it is said that Fen Jue, a high-level heaven-ranked, is the sea, then the current low-ranking immortal-rank is just several seas gathered together!

Xiao Yan didn't use any poison either. He just held the Ancient Ruler of Eternal Fire and faced Xu Ni's attack head-on!

"Save!"

The giant axe and the different fire constant ancient ruler attacked together tightly!

Then, two different types of fighting qi storms swept across from the feet of the two of them!

The space where the two were fighting seemed to be solidified. The giant axe and the ancient ruler of the different fire were tightly attached to each other, and the two were also expressionless.

The next moment, the twenty-three colors of flames above the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler suddenly passed through the giant axe, and then went towards Xu Ni!

"Damn it!" Now it was Xu Ni's turn to be surprised. Although he had long expected that Xiao Yan would not be a simple character, and he was more prepared, how could he imagine that Xiao Yan's flames would find a hole in it.

You must know that Xu Ni is an extremely powerful fire attribute powerhouse Therefore, when dealing with Xiao Yan, who is also a fire attribute, a simple understanding of this will not have any effect, and it will not attract any attention. The flames on Xiao Yan's body were in his eyes.

But at this time he was wrong!

And it's terribly wrong!

Xiao Yan's flames are really terrifying!

When the twenty-three different flames were just passed to Xu Ni along the giant axe, Xu Ni realized that something was wrong, but when he wanted to expel the flame, he realized that something was wrong, but it was already too late.

Twenty-three kinds of flames invaded Xu Ni's body, and then flames of different natures began to stimulate their characteristics!

Void swallowing inflammation, responsible for swallowing and writing the fighting spirit in Xu Ni's body, even if he is the strength of the late four-star Dou Emperor, he can't withstand much swallowing.

The pure lotus demon fire, when Xu Ni used his grudge, produced a flame that burned his inner soul a little, so Xu Ni had to guard against it.

The blazing flames of blood burned the blood in Xu Ni's body, as if even the blood could burn!

……

Twenty-three kinds of flames jumped up and down in Xu Ni's body, so that Xu Ni, who was arrogant, also had a lot of sweat on his forehead. He had no doubt that if he let these flames in his body, then Within a quarter of an hour, your internal organs will be turned to ashes!

Just when Xu Ni was in a hurry, Xiao Yan moved, and an attack containing terrifying energy also appeared in front of Xu Ni.

Ask for tickets!