Chapter 117: seal?

?? "Boom boom boom!" Above the sky, the three elders of the Mu family instantly turned towards Xiao Yan, and then the three of them formed a triangle to surround Xiao Yan.

"I don't know what to do, then don't blame us!" A faint voice of anger roared out of the elder Scar's mouth.

The three surrounded Xiao Yan, and then the gray rays of light on the three of them became more and more intense. After a moment, the strong rays of light had the momentum to faintly overwhelm the rays of the sun on the horizon.

"It's coming for real..."

"It is said that the third elder of the Mu family has an extremely rare sealing technique in his hands. I don't know if it is true or not..." Seeing the power of the third elder of the Mu family, Yue Yu was a little worried and said in a low voice.

"Xiao Yan, you can't be okay..." Yue Ru also closed her eyes and prayed silently for Xiao Yan.

Looking at the strong gray light on the body of the third elder of the Mu family in the sky, all the Yue family members who were watching below suddenly felt a little panic, because the triangle formed by the gray light of the third elder of the Mu family above the sky exuded a stream of light. strong force!

The abnormality of the gray energy on the body of the third elder of the Mu family was also noticed by Xiao Yan for the first time.

Feeling the strange surging energy of the surrounding world, Xiao Yan's cheeks gradually became solemn. He just wanted to use the three thousand thunderbolts to leave, but found that the three thousand thunderbolts that he used on weekdays seemed to be imprisoned at this time!

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan also cursed, and then he was directly surrounded by the triangle of the three elders of the Mu family. There seemed to be some kind of energy in the gray light, which restricted Xiao Yan's actions.

Within a few feet of Xiao Yan, the gust of wind began to howl.

Gray brilliance shrouded the sky above the Yue Family compound. After a long brewing, the light suddenly shrank, and in the blink of an eye, the sky was covered in gray.

Then the gray sky was compressed into three gray light beams only about half a foot.

They surrounded Xiao Yan in groups!

At the intersection of the three gray beams of light, each of the Mu family's three elders controls one.

"It turned out to be a seal?" Feeling the strange energy in that gray beam of light, the voice of the Golden Dragon King couldn't help but wonder in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Seal?" Hearing this title, Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

"Some bizarre capable people and sages are born to understand some sealing methods. The energy consumed by this kind of sealing is too huge. It is impossible to display it with one person. I can't think that the three elders of the Mu family can..." Yao Lao's Explanation just dropped.

The gray triangular beam of light in the sky flashed out like lightning. The speed of the beam of light was extremely terrifying, almost like flickering. In just one jump, the space that Xiao Yan was surrounded by was compressed.

"Grey mark!"

"Feng!" When the gray light flickered, Elder Scar's low roar echoed in the Yue Family compound.

The moment the gray triangular beam of light appeared, Xiao Yan's cheeks changed slightly.

"Great Fortune Palm!"

As Xiao Yan drank lightly, the space surrounded by the gray triangular light beam fluctuated slightly, and a huge palm print even suppressed by the gray triangular light beam flashed out of thin air, and then entangled with each other, gradually shrinking towards the gray triangular beam of light. The space slammed into it fiercely!

"Boom!"

Where the gray triangular beam of light and the Great Heaven's Fortune Palm met, the space was slightly distorted, and in an instant, they collided heavily with the terrifying momentum of a meteorite collision.

Xiao Yan was also trapped by the gray triangular beam of light.

"This gray triangular beam of light actually has some sealing power, **** it!" Xiao Yan also wanted to escape the space locked by the gray triangular beam of light after he used the Great Heaven's Fortune Palm.

"Little Yanzi, don't worry, you are like this..." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

As soon as the gray triangular beam of light clashed with the Great Heaven's Fortune Palm, the Great Heaven Fortune's Palm print was clearly at a disadvantage.

In just a moment, the palm print burst, and the gray triangular beam of light was only slightly dim.

After destroying the palm print of Great Heaven's Creation, the gray triangular beam of light rushed towards Xiao Yan who was behind him in a destructive manner!

Finally, it shot into Xiao Yan's body.

Just after the gray triangle light beam succeeded, the body of the third elder of the Mu family flashed and appeared not far from Xiao Yan. They could not clearly understand the power of the gray triangle seal.

Just when the gray triangular beam of light shot into Xiao Yan's body, it was about to tear the seal on Xiao Yan's body.

The milky white flame on his body suddenly trembled, and a small terrifying light force almost the size of a thumb shot out instantly.

The light just appeared, and the space trembled a few times.

"Crack!" The light ran towards Elder Scar's head, but because of the occlusion of the gray triangle seal, the attack was slightly deflected.

As a result, the light happened to hit the corner of the clothes above his head.

Suddenly, the corner of the clothes on the scarred old man's forehead instantly turned into nothingness!

If such a terrifying power fell on him he could feel it, the end would be exactly the same as the corner of his clothes!

"Bang bang bang!" The gray triangular beam of light sank into Xiao Yan's body, and then paused for a few seconds, the milky white flame around Xiao Yan's body was instantly extinguished!

Xiao Yan in the sky also closed his eyes, and his fighting spirit quickly weakened, like a living dead!

"Success?" The three elders of the Mu family also saw Xiao Yan's appearance and couldn't help but be overjoyed.

This gray triangle seal contains their vitality, and every time it is used, it takes a lot of vitality, but fortunately it is successful.

"Take it away!" Murray looked at Xiao Yan in midair, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, and said to the third elder of the Mu family.

"Damn it!" Yue Yu also secretly said that it was not good, the power of the gray triangle seal, even he felt a dangerous aura, Xiao Yan actually said.

"Humph!" Yueru didn't say much, then her eyes were slightly red, and her slender hand stroked her smooth forehead.

"Be optimistic about the clan! Leave the rest to me. You have already opened it once before. You can't open it again this time, otherwise there will be sequelae!" Xiao Yan above the sky is gone!

"Yueyu, how dare you!" Murray was also shocked by the sudden scene, this Yueyu actually braved the family's big troubles to save Xiao Yan.

"Humph!"

"Don't worry about it!" After Yueyu finished speaking, she burst into a monstrous storm!

Xiao Yan, who was above the sky, closed his eyes slightly, and then he could not feel a trace of vindictiveness all over his body, as if he had fallen into a sleeping giant dragon. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: