Chapter Vol 4 1837: Big fight!

"Eight Stars Fighting Immortals?" Looking at the tyrannical aura lingering on the emperor's body, it was not a tyrannical posture that a sick person could have, which made the Holy See powerhouses can't help but muttered, this level of power, let alone oneself mere The strength of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, even if his master, the parade angel, may not be able to win. For a time, the slender jade hands under the black robe couldn't help but squeeze tightly. Next, I am afraid that there will be a big battle waiting for him.

Among the three guards under the patrolling angel, Sika, the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

"No, not eight stars, but half a step."

"It seems that this time is tricky, but there is still a chance." Sika's body trembled slightly, and her keen perception also found something.

"Boom boom boom!" The emperor didn't have any hesitation, he raised his palm gently and pointed at Sika. At that time, countless breaths in the bedroom quietly crawl down, just like welcoming their real emperor back to his place. Volatility, that kind of power, can be said to truly surpass the world, enough to look down on the world.

"Pfft!" In the blink of an eye, a fierce energy column of hundreds of meters, like a sharp dagger, appeared and roared away.

"Guru!" With a sound, Sika's black robe withdrew, and there was a very solemn aura in his icy face. Above the delicate body, the white light was like a hot sun, shining on the earth.

"Father, are you alright?" When the attack was successful and the ripples of the attack energy spread, the emperor rescued Lin Yunshu, Lin Yunshu trembled slightly, and said slightly.

"Xiao Shu, my father is sorry for you these years."

"This is a military talisman, take it to resolve the catastrophe like today's Star Continent, and establish your queen's prestige." The emperor looked at Lin Yunshu lovingly, and a strange token carved from jade suddenly appeared on the palm of his hand.

The emperor's military talisman, with it, is enough to mobilize 50% of the troops stationed in the entire Tianxing Continent outside Tianxing City.

"But Father..." Lin Yun hesitated.

"I will solve these things, but the rest is up to you." The emperor said softly.

"Okay." As soon as he finished speaking, Lin Yunshu took the military talisman and headed towards his large army, and here, only Lin Feng and the Holy See powerhouse Sika were left.

"Old man, I was born and died for you, and in the end, you actually passed the throne of the emperor to a stinky girl?" At this moment, Lin Feng's expression suddenly changed from fear to madness.

"You are too eager to kill, and you are not suitable to be the king of a country."

"And you and Feng Ya are not even beasts, I will clean up the door today." The emperor said indifferently, and there was a fierce battle after saying that.

At the same time, in a rather elegant boudoir in the Linfeng Mountains.

At this time, the parade angel Mekal sat up slightly like a nobleman, and the slender jade hand kept making a strange mark on the void. The mark was instantly strung into the void.

"Dong dong dong!" After a while, someone knocked on the door.

"Come in." Mekal said softly.

"Master, Lin Fengya's plan failed. Yuan Shou used the forbidden technique of sacrifice to help the emperor regain all his vitality, and even the emperor's power reached half a step and eight stars..." A female guard came towards him. It is the Holy See powerhouse summoned by the traveling angel, one of the three guards, Sol, the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

"Is there any news about Gamma?" Mekal seemed to be indifferent to these, and said Zaidu.

"Gama was taken by Lin Fengya's men to the emperor's palace to try to be buried together, but he was intercepted halfway. Get it right."

"The powerhouse of our Holy See is also rushing towards the target." The female bodyguard Sol said cautiously.

"Take me." When Mekal heard the words, there was a gleam in his beautiful eyes.

"But Master, if the catastrophe of the Star Continent has begun today, there is a multi-party melee, Lin Feng and Lord Sika were attacked by the emperor in the bedroom, their life and death are uncertain, the four dragons in the sky are locked in the coffin, the elders plus the battle between Soul Wuji and Lin Fengya , there are still many elites from the Soul Palace, who use the power of thunder to wipe out the vassal races of the Tianyuan Continent, trying to collect the power of the soul, as the preachers of the gods, should we suppress this disturbance?" The female bodyguard Sol tried to analyze. .

"Sol, remember, our Holy See is never just an enforcer, but a rule maker. My goal has always been Gamma."

"When I get the Devil Fruit, I will completely wipe out this world with the power of forbidden art. As for the reason, I can make up one at will." , to cover up his body, curvy face, etc.

"Yes, Master!" The female bodyguard Sol heard the words and slowly took Mekal towards a certain place.

On the other side, Xiao Yan.

"Hey...the breath of these guys seems to be the powerhouse of the Holy See of Soul Palace?"

"Is there a powerhouse from the Holy See in the distance?"

"What the **** is going on?" Xiao Yan had just left the ruined altar and was about to go to the emperor's palace, but he saw some strange figures on the way.

The white manicure represents the supremacy of the Holy See In addition to the unique light attribute of the Holy See powerhouse, Xiao Yan will naturally not admit his mistake. As for the Soul Palace powerhouse, Xiao Yan just glanced at it. is to know.

"Princess should be fine, let's go here first." Looking at the direction of the emperor's palace, Xiao Yan shook his head before combining Yuan Shou's strangeness.

"Sir, Gamma was intercepted by Ji Xuan..." At this time, on the edge of the Tianyuan Mountains, on the farthest edge of the Imperial City on the right, on the land near the abyss, dozens of Soul Hall powerhouses stood here.

"According to the order of the hall master, the live ones must be caught. In any case, Gamma cannot be allowed to die." The leader of the Soul Hall powerhouse snorted coldly.

"Hehe, Soul Hall Soul Sha, I really admire the name for a long time." Just when these people were just preparing to act, five white-clothed Holy See powerhouses suddenly emerged from the void.

"Are the elites under the patrolling angel... Guarding the white pigeon, the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal." Seeing that among the five people who came, there was actually a strong person in the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal, and the soul frowned.

Hall Master Hun Wuji's subordinates have three subordinates with decent strength, Hun Jianghai, Hunsha, Hunyoumeng, and their strengths are in the early, middle and late stages of Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

And the parade angel Mekal, this time also summoned three attendants of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. For a time, the battle here was inextricable.

"Where's Ji Xuan?" Xiao Yan ignored the struggle between these two forces, and with the help of the cover of ghosts, he walked on this cliff like a ghost, but even Xiao Yan didn't notice it, a more obscure aura appeared in the Follow yourself slowly behind you.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.