Chapter Vol 4 1044: Gorefiend's intentions!

"Boy..."

"What power is in you?"

"Why is it so weird?" After Xiao Yan's body replaced the power of the khaki holy flame with circles of black energy, the always proud Gorefiend's voice became trembling!

As a blood demon envoy, although he is seriously injured now, his eyesight is much more knowledgeable than everyone present!

The black qi on Xiao Yan's body just appeared, and the Gorefiend immediately felt a very familiar aura. Although the aura on Xiao Yan's body was exactly the same as the ghost qi in the ghost world, its nature was completely different.

If it is said that the ghost qi on ordinary ghosts is eerie, then the black qi aura on Xiao Yan's body at this time is a shocking meaning that devours everything!

"What power..."

"Don't you know if you try it?" Xiao Yan heard the words, looked at the ugly blood demon envoy in front of him, and immediately laughed.

"Ghost energy... the power of devouring..."

"Could it be the Lord of Soul Eater?"

"impossible!"

"Among the seven realms, there are very few human beings whose strength can reach the Lord's level... How could they appear in such a place, absolutely impossible!" The Gorefiend muttered to himself, then shook his head.

"Master of Soul Eater?"

"Strength... Lord?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, some intermittent words also appeared. Obviously, this was the first time I heard such words.

"Don't worry about this guy, get rid of him as soon as possible."

"I always feel that this guy is seriously injured and still hasn't left the Blood River. I'm afraid he has other plans." Soul Eater looked at Xiao Yan's sluggish remarks, and then said.

"Okay." Xiao Yan also knew that the Soul Eater Talisman was his last trump card at this time, so enhancing the power of the Soul Eater Talisman was the top priority.

"Ignorance child, suffer to death!" The blood demon emissary did not dare to hesitate, and shot directly at Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan did not panic and met him directly.

"Boom boom boom!" The two terrifying offensives continued to appear in the sky, and they were obviously inextricable.

"What kind of power is that black qi in Big Brother?"

"It doesn't look like a ghost, but it makes me feel scared, as if touching it will have extremely terrifying consequences." Xiao Yi said slowly.

"Brother, where have you been?" But Mu Yingying didn't notice Xiao Yan, just muttered slightly at the corner of her mouth.

As for the note pupil on the side, the ghost-faced soul flame Saint Yanjing in his arms emits a very faint cyan light, obviously the unusual ghost energy in Xiao Yan caused him to mutate.

"You go ahead and lead our large army to fight against the Xuanling royal family."

"Xuanling Royal Family's top combat power has been killed by Xiao Yan, and some of the remaining disciples are no longer a big threat."

"This time, they must be completely wiped out!" After a while, Mu Tianyuan said to the six people around him.

"Eldest brother, you can go too, we are here." Xiao Yi thought for a while and then said.

"Okay, let's go." Mu Tianyuan glanced at Yin Yintong and Xiao Yan, and there was a hint of relief in his eyes. He knew that if there was no leader of the hundreds of Fenxiang Pavilion disciples, they would still be hard to beat the Xuanling royal family.

As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately took the seven people from the Heavenly Palace towards their large army, leaving Xiao Yan and the four to resist the Gorefiend here.

"These two guys..." Seeing that Mu Yingying and Yin Tong were expressionless, Xiao Yi also shook her head slightly.

"Big brother, you have so many secrets." Xiao Yi laughed, and immediately became alert after laughing. If Xiao Yan was in any danger, he would immediately take action.

"You bastard!" Xiao Yan fought with the Gorefiend for a while, but the Gorefiend found out that this human boy who only had the strength of the middle stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor could actually use that strange black energy to fight himself. It's hard to tell!

"This guy really deserves to be the strongest of the Gorefiends." The Soul Eater Talisman said secretly in Xiao Yan's body.

In the battle just now, it seems that the two are evenly matched, but in fact it is not.

Although the blood demon envoy was seriously injured, the power that devoured Qi Haoqing and several powerful royal family members has recovered a little bit of power. As for Xiao Yan, although he temporarily used the power of the Soul Devouring Talisman, it did not belong to Xiao Yan after all. , so Xiao Yan just had the disadvantage.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang bang bang!" As Xiao Yan and the Gorefiend Zaidu fought against each other and fell into a temporary calm, both of them suddenly thought carefully.

"This Gorefiend is really not easy." After a while, a voice came from the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan's body.

"Can you kill with one hit?" Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Because Xiao Yan knew that the Gorefiend definitely knew that this power did not belong to him. No matter the attack just now or the present, it all had the taste of delaying time. If he had been delayed for so long, when the power disappeared, Xiao Yan would probably fall into nine deaths. lifeless situation.

"it should be OK."

"But I think this Gorefiend also has the means of pressing the bottom of the box, which is not used."

"Although my power is temporarily used by you, I am too seriously injured, and your strength is too weak to exert much at all."

"You still have to rely on you for the fatal blow," said the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Can the six-layer breaking ruler work?" Xiao Chen asked in a deep voice.

"Don't...you have to be seven feet to have a chance." The Soul Eater also said suddenly with a heavy voice, apparently underestimating the Gorefiend.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded secretly. Now, he can use six feet. As for the seventh, he has never tried it.

"Boy, the power of yours is not clear, but the power of the outside world is limited after all!"

"When this power disappears, I will let you live and die!"

"Hahaha!" The Gorefiend looked at Xiao Yan and burst into laughter.

The laughter just appeared, and immediately, the blood demon envoy's whole body was filled with scarlet auras like thick smoke.

"Crash!" The scarlet aura just emerged, and suddenly shot towards Xiao Yan.

"Go!" Xiao Yan also knew the evil of this thing. If he got a little bit of it, it would probably cause extremely serious damage to his body.

And as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the ghost energy around him instantly turned into a pitch-black iron cage, directly imprisoning the scarlet aura.

"Calculate the time... This time the sect competition is almost coming to an end..."

"Where is the teleportation point for the sect competition..."

"You...will all be my best fertilizer!" After the attack of the Gorefiend was resisted by Xiao Yan, he ran away from a certain direction behind him.

"Gore Demon, where can you escape!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then went after him directly. At this time, the Blood Demon could be completely wiped out if he gave a fatal blow!

"Isn't that the exit for the sect competition..."

"What does this Gorefiend want to do..." As Xiao Yan and the two disappeared, Xiao Yi muttered, and then directly followed up with Mu Yingying and Yin Tong.