Chapter Vol 4 1340: Soul skill!

"This guy is not only skilled in the use of vindictive energy, but even the control and use of soul power is so terrifying..."

"I'm not as good as him." Looking at Xiao Yan in the arena, Hua Fei shook his head slowly, it was obvious that Xiao Yan's soul transformation method was beyond his reach.

"This guy's soul strength is not weak. If you face him, I am afraid there will be a fierce battle." Yun Qiliu, who was hidden under the veil, frowned and said.

At the moment when the two were talking, the battle in the field became more and more heated.

Two invisible soul fluctuations collided suddenly, and a gust of wind suddenly formed in the arena, causing the entire arena to be filled with an extremely dangerous smell.

"The power of this guy's soul is as unfathomable as the deep sea. It seems that we must fight quickly." Controlling his spirit python, Leng Hanyan's eyes were locked on Xiao Yan.

The soul of the python is composed of the purest soul power. The invisible body is vaguely transparent, completely wrapping Leng Hanyan's delicate body. However, the power of the soul fire tiger displayed by Xiao Yan should not be underestimated. Combining soul power and vindictive flames, the power is much more tyrannical than other means.

"One move will determine the outcome." Xiao Yan looked at Leng Hanyan, who was barely supporting the pressure of his soul, and said softly.

The difference in soul power between the two is too great, and Xiao Yan and this guy do not have any deep hatred, so there is no need to kill them all.

"Okay!" Leng Hanyan snorted coldly, and more dazzling soul power suddenly emerged, and then the invisible soul python appeared.

"The soul of the wind python!" An unquestionable low voice sounded from Leng Hanyan's mouth, and then a cyan hurricane completely enveloped the python's body.

"This guy, he still has some strength... It's a pity that his soul power is too weak compared to himself." Xiao Yan couldn't help but look at Leng Hanyan's soul of the wind python that combines his fighting spirit and soul power. There was a hint of shock. Although this woman's soul method was quite tyrannical, it did not cause much damage to Xiao Yan.

"The Fury of the Fire Tiger!" With his instinct, Xiao Yan directly roared the giant flaming soul tiger surrounding him. With a special wave, it slowly spread out towards the entire arena.

"This guy's soul skills are not weak." At this time, everyone present knew that this Xiao Yan was able to win the first stage championship, I am afraid it is not a lie.

"Leng Hanyan is about to lose." Looking at the two people who were constantly fighting each other with their soul power, Yun Qibei's lips wriggled slightly and shook his head.

"This defeat is too fast." Hua Fei couldn't help but said.

"Boom!" The battle of soul power is not as simple as the battle of vindictiveness, and the outcome is decided between the hands.

"Crash!" Every time the Soul Fire Tiger displayed by Xiao Yan, he would release an extremely tyrannical soul shock wave, attacking Leng Hanyan. On the other hand, Leng Hanyan's wind python's soul was a There is only a vague dungeon, so it is more and more difficult, and the outcome of the situation is quite clear.

"I lost." After a short confrontation, Leng Hanyan looked at Xiao Yan's increasingly terrifying Soul Fire Tiger, shook his head slightly and admitted defeat. She knew that if Xiao Yan hadn't kept his hand, she would have been unconscious now. .

"Accepted." With a wave of Xiao Yan's hand, the soul fire tiger was dissipated immediately. Although this battle was easy to win, the victory was that his own soul power was stronger than the opponent's. So simple.

"In this battle, Xiao Yan won and successfully advanced to the top five." Looking at the appearance of the two in the arena, Lei He went directly into the arena and announced the results of this round of competition.

"Tsk tsk..."

"It seems that this guy named Xiao Yan will be a real dark horse compared to our East Continent."

"It's not... According to his current soul power, I'm afraid it would be extremely easy to rank in the top five in the second stage." Many people couldn't help but say.

"Next, Hua Fei confronts Bai Lan."

"If the two of you are ready, let's go straight in." Old Man Lei He opened his mouth.

There are only ten people who participated in the second-stage soul competition here. Only ten people whose soul power has reached the fairyland. As long as they defeat their opponents, they will undoubtedly be directly promoted to the top five. Although other contestants have been complaining about Lei He's practice, but the fairyland soul Power is enough to explain many things, and the anger of these guys can only be secretly angry.

"Senior sister, I'm going." Hua Fei smiled at Yun Qi, and then the figure flew up and went towards the arena.

"Bai Lan, please enlighten me." The man who walked in front of Hua Fei was a man with a dignified masculinity. At first glance, he knew that he came from a famous family, and his soul power is also a real step into fairyland, a distance from the early stage of 'Tai Xu' It is also only one step away, and the soul power of the two can be said to be comparable.

"Hua Fei has obtained the true biography of Vice President Tan Chen, and there should be no problem in entering the top three." Yun Qi looked at Hua Fei's opponent and said softly.

In any case, Tan Chen is also one of the most powerful disciples in Leicheng The disciples he taught are naturally not bad.

"Boom!" The two had just entered the arena, and the two would sit in the middle of the sky, and then began to close their eyes at the same time, and then a dazzling soul force kept entrenched on the top of their heads, obviously the two wanted to use their souls. A real confrontation of forces!

"Soul handprint!" At the next moment, Huafei took the lead in launching an attack, only to see that his whole body was filled with an invisible soul force, and then with the rapidly changing handprint on Huafei's palm, the soul in the arena The power actually fluctuated in a special trajectory, attacking Bai Lan!

The mystery of its attack is hard to guard against!

"Is this the soul-forging technique unique to the Alchemist Association..."

"It's really tyrannical." Seeing that the arena was filled with Hua Fei's soul power, and dangerous fluctuations were emitted everywhere, Bai Lan frowned and said.

"Soul ability, Nether Lock!" The next moment, that Bai Lan didn't sit still, and a roar echoed directly throughout the arena, and with the sound of this sound, the whole arena was also filled with a rush of energy. A shocked look.

No one would have thought that this Bai Lan would actually use his soul skills!

Soul skills, simple and easy to understand, is to use special energy and spellcasting to compress one's majestic soul power to form an extremely tyrannical attack method!

"I didn't expect this Bai Lan to be able to use soul skills. It seems that Brother Huafei will inevitably suffer a little bit." After hearing the words, a group of powerhouses present immediately looked at each other in dismay. It was obvious that they clearly understood the tyranny of soul skills.

And with this Bai Lan's actions, Xiao Yan's complexion couldn't help but become splendid, because the so-called soul skill that Bai Lan displayed was exactly the same as his own soul attack!

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.