Chapter 614: Tenden Deputy Lord Ao!

Xiao Yan and the two returned to Wuzhuju and lived a secluded life.

During the day, the four of them exchanged some actual combat experience at Wuzhuju, and occasionally they would have a discussion. As for Mu Yingying, Xiao Yan had never seen it since then. If it is not for the existence of soul power, I am afraid Xiao Yan Really thought it was missing.

"Is this Mu Yingying really preparing to attack the Dou Di robbery?" Xiao Yan asked slightly after seeing that Mu Yingying's house had not moved for several days.

After taking a few more glances, I found that there was still no movement, so I had to go back to my room, feeling the power of the holy flame in my body!

With the cultivation insights in the past few days, Xiao Yan found that his control of Sheng Yan was gradually improving, which Xiao Yan was quite satisfied with.

"It's been a few days since what Mu Yingying said. Could it be that she really wants to..." She shook her head and then closed her eyes to practice.

As for Mu Yingying's room, since Mu Yingying left Xiao Yan's room, she has been adjusting her state in seclusion!

It's just that at this time, Mu Yingying's room was surrounded by azure-blue holy flames. Mu Yingying exuded a terrifying holy flame power all over her body, and an azure-blue holy flame crystal slowly floated in front of her!

"Brother, Sheng Yanjing told me you were here since I came to Xuan three days, and he also told me when I was in the Xuanling royal family, are you really in the Xuanling royal family?"

"Don't worry, brother, I will try my best to compete in the sect, and then I will personally go to the Xuanling royal family to rescue you!" Mu Yingying said slowly. With this swallowing, Mu Yingying's five-star Dou Emperor's consummate strength also slowly moved!

On the site of the Human Palace, Elder Zhu slowly sat in his house, humming a little song softly.

When Xiao Yan just came to the sky above the Burning Heaven Domain at the Burning Incense Pavilion, Old Zhu knew that Xiao Yan was fine, and what made Old Zhu even more happy was that the power of flames on Xiao Yan's body was different from when he went to the Xuanling Royal Family before. One in the sky and one in the ground.

With Old Zhu's terrifying strength and enormous spiritual power, it was naturally not difficult to find out that Xiao Yan was hiding the holy flame in his body.

"Xiao Yan, this kid really lived up to expectations."

"The original reason for letting them go to the desert mountain range was to defend against the aliens. After all, according to the time, the aliens are about to wake up, but isn't this kid's luck a bit too good?"

"I actually even stole someone's holy flame. It's really an enviable kid. This holy flame resisted me when I went there..." Zhu Lao said slowly, but there was something rare in his voice. gratification!

Xiao Yan's strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, coupled with Sheng Yan, even Zhu Lao had to treat it with seriousness. After all, the power of this holy flame is not a vain name, and if you are not careful, even Zhu Lao will be able to Capsized in the gutter.

"Come out."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You're still sneaking at such an old age." An unpleasant voice slowly emerged from Zhu Lao's mouth.

"Haha." As Old Zhu's voice fell, a certain corner of the house slowly twisted, and then a figure appeared!

That figure is impressively the young man who was in the Temple of Heaven to point out the elder brother in the Temple of Heaven!

"I heard everything you said."

"I just said that Xiao Yan has the aura of holy flames on his body. It turned out to be the ghost of your old guy." Qing Lao just appeared, and immediately said to Zhu Lao.

"Hey, old man Qing, don't move! I'll tell you!"

"My room is full of core inscriptions. As long as you move a little, the formation will be triggered immediately. I'm afraid that with your Jiuxing Dou Emperor's strength, you won't be able to get out without suffering." Zhu Lao laughed.

"You!" When the old man heard the words, he saw that there were indeed some obscure and extremely powerful light spots in this dimly lit house, so he didn't dare to move around, so he could only stare at Zhu Jin, wishing to put the bamboo Jhin ate it!

"alright, alright."

"To scare you, no one would put these things here." Seeing that his plan had succeeded, Zhu Jin immediately smiled, waved his palm, and immediately put it away.

"You guys are quick to start." Qing Lao's face was calm, obviously he had already figured out Zhu Jin's character.

"That's why I said, this kid is not necessarily weaker than the seven disciples in your Heavenly Palace... and maybe even stronger in the future!" Zhu Jin changed his laughter just now and said earnestly.

"That holy flame is the one in the desert mountain range..." The old man looked into the distance, his eyes full of deep power.

"Yep."

"Also, the evil people from outside the territory in the desert mountain range were completely wiped out." Zhu Jin said.

"What, completely obliterated?"

"Just relying on his mere strength in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di?" The old man frowned upon hearing this.

For the foreign evil race in the desert mountain range, the young and old naturally know how difficult it is.

Although the young and old have the confidence to obliterate them, the restriction in the desert mountain range is to prevent them from entering the strong ones, and if they enter by force, I am afraid that they will hurt the source.

"In the desert mountain range, there is the matter of Saint Flame and foreign evil races, and the entire Xuan Tiantian knows no more than three people."

"So don't worry." As if aware of Qing Lao's doubts, Zhu Jin said directly.

"These three people should be the pavilion master of our Burning Incense Pavilion, the pavilion owner of Wanhua Pavilion and the master of the Poison Sect..." Qing Lao naturally knew about this.

"Yep."

"Our pavilion master got a lot of romantic debts when he was young."

"I don't know how to solve this matter after leaving the customs this time. After all, one of the other party is the master of the Poison Sect, and the other is the master of Wanhua Pavilion." Zhu Jin said with a little sympathy for their pavilion master.

"The pavilion master is out?" With Zhu Jin's voice, the old man was suddenly shocked!

Their pavilion master is the real helm of the Fenxiang Pavilion today, Fentian!

During the previous retreat, Fen Tian's strength was already at the level of Dou Xian. After the retreat, I am afraid that his strength will increase to the next level!

"Shhhhh!" Seeing Qing Lao's surprise, Zhu Jin immediately gestured in a low voice, and then whispered something in Qing Lao's ear.

"Okay!" Qing Lao heard the words and immediately knew why Zhu Jin was so careful!

"Don't blame me and the pavilion master for being too careful. After all, according to what the pavilion master said, although we seem to be calm now in Xuan Sansan, the real storm is coming."

"Because the power of the ghost world has penetrated into our Xuantian Santian, I am afraid that when the time comes, they will break out a monstrous offensive, and our situation will be too passive." Zhu Jin said earnestly.

"In addition, the matter of Yanchi should also be planned. I always feel that the Xuanling Royal Family seems to be planning something important..." Zhu Jin hesitated.

"Flaming..."

"But how do you determine Yanchi's location?" The old man nodded after hearing this.

"You forgot about Xiao Yan." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, he suddenly laughed maliciously!

Holy flame!

Originally born from the same root, why is it too urgent to fry each other!

But Sheng Yan can indeed feel each other's breath, which solves the biggest problem of Zhu Jin and the others!

The reason why the matter of saving Yanchi has been delayed again and again is because he does not know the exact location of Yanchi!

At the beginning, it paid a very heavy price to know that Yanchi was imprisoned by the Xuanling royal family, but there was no conclusive evidence, so the Fenxiang Pavilion could only stand still, collect information slowly, and accumulate strength!

"I'm going to make arrangements right now!" When the old man heard the words, he naturally knew the importance of the matter, so he didn't hesitate and left in a hurry.

Ask for tickets!