Chapter Vol 4 862: Swallowing the fighting spirit?

"Boom boom boom!" The two holy-level fighting skills compete, that level of power can be described as destroying the sky and destroying the earth!

However, no matter how huge the power of the two is, the walls in this molten world still seem to be indestructible!

"What a terrifying fluctuation."

"I'm afraid this fluctuation is not something that the Seven Star Dou Di can send." After Xiu Qi and his party left the molten world, they also searched for treasures in the purple crystal palace, and they simply found a lot of treasures. Come.

"It seems that those guys are bound to win the fighting spirit." The five poisons said at the same time.

Originally, among the super sects, they all adhered to the rules and did not send strong men, but Solomon, Wandu Sect and the Xuanling Royal Family obviously did not take this treaty as the same thing.

"It's too strong. I'm afraid this fluctuation has the fluctuation of a peak Dou Di peak." Xiu Qi shook his head.

"Let's go, we can't interfere here anymore, let's see if there are any treasures in other places first, and it's not a waste of time." Everyone had a plan in their hearts and left here directly.

And Song Yue, Feng Hong and other strong men smelled the terrifying fluctuations that erupted in the molten world, and immediately shook their heads secretly, except cursing, they couldn't do anything.

"It seems that Solomon, Wandumen and Emperor Xuanling broke the treaty, and we have to go back and report this matter to the master." Song Yue thought to himself.

"It's such a strong fluctuation, I'm afraid it's a holy-level fighting skill." Meng Fei on the side also shook his head secretly, even if the fighting spirit was attracting people, life was the most important thing.

After a while, everyone continued to act.

"What happened outside the palace?"

"What a strong fluctuation." Deep in the palace, the four figures of Xiao Yan slowly appeared.

It's just that the four people at this time were still in a halo, and obviously they had not reached the depths of the palace.

"It should be the fighting spirit."

"That guy has kept his promise for so many years." Yutu sensed the enormous power, and immediately opened his mouth slightly.

"Why haven't you arrived yet?" Mu Yingying said slightly, she didn't know why, but there was an aura of disgust in the depths of the palace.

"It's almost there, don't worry." Seeing this, Yutu exited.

In fact, the complexity of this purple crystal palace is far beyond the imagination of Xiao Yan and his party. If it weren't for the existence of the Jade Rabbit, I am afraid that it would be more difficult for them to enter the depths of the palace from the outside than to go to the sky. Even so, it still requires a lot of money. time.

"Boom boom boom!" In the molten world, with the terrifying attack of the undead ghost bird and Ye Mo, the overwhelming destructive fluctuations suddenly turned into deadly ripples.

And the molten world was shaking violently.

"Pfft!" Ye Mo's next moment, a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"This fighting spirit is worthy of being a strong fighting immortal." Ye Mo spurted out a mouthful of blood, and his figure stabilized immediately, but in contrast, the immortal ghost bird was not affected much.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This human, by virtue of the strength of the other eight people, has reached the peak of Dou Di in a short period of time."

"Otherwise, since his strength is not at the peak of Dou Di, I'm afraid I can directly kill him with my blow just now!" Undead Mingque thought to himself.

Indeed, even if Ye Mo gathered the power of the other eight people on his body for a short period of time, reaching the level of the pinnacle of Dou Di, he would still be injured when dealing with the attack of the undead ghost!

The attack of this undead sparrow is so tyrannical!

"I've never heard that the fighting spirit can master the fighting skills that we humans cultivate. What the **** is going on with this guy..." After a while, Ye Mo and Qin Tian both thought at the same time.

The identities and experiences of the two of them are considered highly respected in the entire dragon-loving army. Even the two of them are quite strange about the undead ghost bird's fighting skills.

"Don't think about it."

"In this world, there is no rule that only you humans can practice fighting skills." Undead Mingque seemed to see the concerns of the two powerhouses, and immediately spoke.

It's just that the undead Mingque is thinking at this time, how to successfully use the people of this dragon-loving army to leave here!

The people of this Dragon-loving Legion are not as foolish as the Solomon Sect Master just now, especially Qin Tian and Ye Mo.

"Looks like it's worth a lot of money, otherwise these guys won't believe it." After the undead Mingque finished speaking, he had a plan in his heart.

The undead Mingque did have some agreements with Fairy Jiaoyue, so it could not leave the ruins for a long time, but when the agreement was almost fulfilled, it found that it could not be separated from the ruins by virtue of its strength. The ban is too big, and that ban is clearly aimed at it.

Only then did he have to resort to the hands of human beings who coveted the fighting spirit, and only then did he have the possibility of going out.

"Captain, what should we do now?" Ye Mo couldn't help asking Qin Tian, ​​apparently the current situation had exceeded their original expectations.

"I have my own way." Qin Tian smiled when he heard the words, and motioned for Ye Mo and the others to come back.

Seeing this, Ye Mo and the others did not hesitate, and swept back to Qin Tian.

"Undead Mingque, I know your strength is very strong, but you should also believe that if it wasn't for the complete preservation of your strength, I'm afraid I would have used some other strengths, and then you won't be able to eat and walk around."

"So, come with me." Qin Tian opened his mouth slightly, but this time he didn't mean to threaten, his tone was extremely dull.

"Why should I go with you?"

"You have invaded the ruins of Fairy Moon, and as a guardian, I naturally want to keep you all here!"

"Suffer to death!" Immortal Ming Que Que said with disdain for Qin Tian's rhetoric.

"As long as you follow us, we won't leave Fairy Moon's inheritance, how about that?" Qin Tian said.

"Beautiful thought!" Immortal Mingque directly refused.

"Hehe, with the strength of the few of us, I'm afraid you and the inheritance poison will not be spared."

"But our main purpose is you As long as you follow us, we will naturally not do anything to inheritance."

"And on the one hand, you are free from the dark days here, and on the other hand, you are also protecting the inheritance of the Fairy Moon, so why not do it?" Qin Tian said with a smile.

"That's right."

"But instead of being beaten to death by you, I still want to..."

"Kill everyone to death!" After the undead Mingque finished speaking, a burst of dazzling fluctuations suddenly appeared in the wings behind him, and then he wanted to kill everyone in front of him in an instant!

"You're very strong, but that's it for now." At the next moment, Qin Tian smiled slightly at the corner of his mouth, and in the next breath, the mouth sparrow exploded dozens of times, turning into a huge mouth in the sky, directly facing the The undead ghost bird swallowed it away!

Where did the immortal Mingque expect that Qin Tian would come out like this, and he was caught by surprise, but when the immortal Mingque was about to fight back, it was directly swallowed by Qin Tianhei!

"Withdraw!" As Qin Tian directly swallowed the undead Ming Sparrow, Qin Tian said something to the crowd, and immediately left the ruins!

"Qin Tian, ​​this old bastard, is as greedy as King Xuanling said!" After Qi Haoqing finished speaking, he left here strangely!

"Although the fighting spirit is precious, it is not his main purpose, and the fighting spirit is useless to the aliens."

Qi Haoqing walked directly out of the molten world, and then disappeared from a certain passage in an instant, and the place where he went was also deep in the palace where Xiao Yan and his party went!