Chapter 41: Go to the depths of the ruins!

Far above the lake. An invisible ray of light was suspended in the sky, and the vast and majestic soul power, like a tide, was centered on it, and quickly swept out in all directions. At this moment, in the entire small mountain range, except for a few extremely powerful high Except for the rank monsters, the rest of the monsters felt an extremely strong soul pressure. Under this kind of soul pressure, their bodies could not help but tremble slightly...

"Xiao Yan is so powerful that he can actually use his soul power to absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to replenish himself." Yue Ru couldn't help looking at Xiao Yan in the air.

After getting to know Xiao Yan from the Alchemist Association at the beginning, Xiao Yan caused a huge shock to Yue Ru everywhere, and later he rescued his father, which also caused Yue Ru to have some different emotions, although Xiao Yan also has some feelings. What she noticed, but Xiao Yan thought that she was grateful to her father for saving her, and didn't think about it at all.

Yueru looked at the invisible light in the sky, the vast soul power, even her father, I am afraid there is a feeling of panic. Her father's strength is reflected in strength, but if it is compared to the soul, The two fathers may not be able to keep up with the current Xiao Yan.

The soul power that spreads out like a tide. After nearly a few minutes, it gradually dissipated, and the invisible light slowly appeared under Yue Ru's gaze.

The light dissipated, and a figure with a heavy ruler in black appeared faintly. Upon closer inspection, it was Xiao Yan, but now that Xiao Yan's body was much better than before.

"Recovered?" Yueru also said happily. Xiao Yan's repeated efforts to save himself must be more than just friendship... Yue Ru's pink face couldn't help but think.

However, Yueru also knows that the soul is too illusory for the powerhouses of this era, and the power of the soul is colorless and invisible. If you want to condense the soul of nothingness into the shape of a human, and not leave it for a long time, even some powerhouses of the Dou Di level are difficult to do.

"Um."

"Let's go too, I can feel that there is no dragon demon core here, so I can only go to the main hall to try my luck." Xiao Yan also recovered his strength and said to Yueru.

In fact, the previous battle with Mueller did not consume much strength, but Xiao Yan deliberately went late to save some trouble.

"Thank you for the crescent moon green fruit." Yue Ru followed Xiao Yan with her lips lightly biting.

"It's nothing to worry about." Xiao Yan also laughed.

As time passed by, more and more people gathered in the depths of the ruins!

An ancient stone gate slowly blocked in front of the main hall, because everyone present knew that once they crossed this stone gate, there would be countless wealth and wealth behind, and even more immortal-level fighting skills! Gongfa! Even rare treasures of heaven and earth, this is the greatest wealth.

However, they are also clear that this relic limits their strength, so the stone gate in front of them will definitely not be able to break through, so they can only wait until the seal is weakened and slowly open. However, at this rate of weakening, it will be opened in no more than three days at most.

"Let's settle down here now, it seems that we can only wait."

"Um."

Even in the ruins, there is a distinction between day and night, and in a blink of an eye, night comes.

In an empty forest, a bonfire silhouetted the two figures.

It was Xiao Yan and Yueru.

"Let's taste it." Xiao Yan picked up a chicken leg and said to Yueru.

The temperature at night was a bit low, so Xiao Yan made a fire and grabbed a low-level monster as a food to barbecue to satisfy his hunger. Even if the Dou Di strong man did not eat for a few days, it would not affect him, because the Dou Di strong man could rely on heaven and earth. Reiki replenishes itself, so I don’t rely so much on whole grains, but I don’t eat it for nothing, right?

"Breakthrough!"

"I didn't think the barbecue you made was quite delicious." Yue Ru also gently tore a little into her mouth, and the familiar taste made her appetite greatly increased.

"Hahaha, I've been away all the year round, and these things will gradually get better." Xiao Yan is not as elegant as Yue Ru, and he gulps down the barbecue in front of him.

"Bang bang bang!" The three leaves charged towards Xiao Yan and the two with overwhelming energy.

"Yueru be careful!" Xiao Yan has been walking outside all year round, so naturally he has the awareness that he cannot let his guard down at all times.

The strange fire all over the body was instantly activated, and the three leaves were instantly turned into nothingness.

Yueru obviously didn't expect someone to attack them so late, and she was also taken aback. Fortunately, Xiao Yan reminded her, and she immediately entered the battle preparations.

"Who are you?"

"Sneaky!" Xiao Yan's soul power locked on the trail of the person who attacked them at the moment when the mysterious man made his move.

"Come out!" A milky white flame went towards the position where the mysterious man was standing.

The flames brought bursts of high temperature, as if possessing wisdom. Which forest trees were bypassed directly, and the mysterious man was hit directly Was it discovered? "A big tree upload comes from talking to itself.

"Bang!" The mysterious man jumped off the big tree and fell into Xiao Yan's field of vision.

"The average man is innocent and guilty. The crescent moon green fruit is a good thing, but if you don't have the strength to protect it, you will only give your life in vain." Suddenly a voice came out from the mountain, and only one figure was seen walking out. In that forest, there was only one The figure stood still, his body was sturdy, like an iron tower, his eyes glanced away, and his eyes were filled with a strong desire for war.

Like a ferocious ape.

He grinned at Xiao Yan and laughed loudly, then without any hesitation, he stomped the soles of his feet, and his body rose to the sky, and he walked towards Xiao Yan after a few jumps.

"It doesn't make you worry about it." Xiao Yan also said coldly.

Yueru, who was beside him, naturally recognized this person, and Mueller is known as the Heaven's Chosen One of the Eight Great Cities of Qingcheng!

Sun Ming, a born fighting maniac!

This person turned out to be the late Samsung Dou Di!

However, Xiao Yan is also not afraid. He possesses the Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire, and also has the Immortal Rank Fighting Skill of Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler, Soul Attack, and Eclectic Fire has obvious suppressing effect on such people.

"I didn't mean to come here today, I just wanted to confirm whether the recently rumored Xiao Yan is as powerful as the rumors."

After speaking, he also looked at Xiao Yan carefully, and then waved away casually.

"It's not so much that I am interested in what you have on your body. It is better to say that you actually defeated Mueller, who was in the middle stage of the Samsung Dou Emperor, by virtue of your strength in the early stage of the Samsung Dou Di, which really surprised me!"

"You will be a very good opponent, there will be a meeting in the depths of the ruins."

"Then let's see if you have the ability." Xiao Yan also responded with a smile.

​​