Chapter 413: Auction is on!

The night was silent, and soon dawn would come, and with the birth of a little afterglow, it also heralded the beginning of a new day.

In the early morning, when the afterglow of the sun scatters over Xuanling City, there are also huge crowds in Xuanling City!

Because they all know what day is today!

Today is the prosperous world of the entire Xuan Santian, the auction!

A once-in-a-decade auction!

Every time there is an auction, there will be some extremely amazing things, so this auction of the Xuanling royal family can be regarded as a rare prosperity in the entire Xuansan three days.

The auction of the Xuanling Royal Family is divided into five auction venues of Xiantiandi Xuanhuang!

Immortal-level auction house, the people who can enter this are undoubtedly the heads or core backbones of major forces. Of course, this immortal-level auction house is also the largest auction house for the Xuanling royal family, and many rare treasures are also from here. It was circulated in the auction house.

As for the one lower than this, it is a heaven-level auction house!

Those who can enter the heaven-level auction are undoubtedly some prominent figures in the entire Xuan Santian. Although the heaven-level auction is not as general as the fairy-level auction, sometimes there are some very good things.

The presenter is the prefecture-level auction ground. Most of the words here are the distances of some mercenary groups, and most of the auctions are some healing elixir and some strange things.

As for the Xuan-level and Huang-level auction houses, they are open around the clock.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan also walked out of the room slowly, then passed by Mu Yingying's room and knocked on the door lightly. Obviously, after what happened yesterday, Xiao Yan was quite concerned about this Mu Yingying, and always felt that this Mu Yingying seemed to have some secrets, but it was hard to ask.

"En." There was also a heart-like sound like a silver bell in the room, and then a pure white jade hand slowly opened the door.

"You are... very beautiful today." Xiao Yan was also amazed by the sudden beauty of Mu Yingying.

In the past, Mu Yingying wore a ru skirt most of the time, and her hair was also straight up. First, it was for the convenience of cultivation, and second, it was also for the convenience of walking.

It's just that today's Mu Yingying has an invisible fragrance all over her body, and her hair is also exquisitely dressed. A pair of silver hairpins also dress up her hair very beautifully, with long eyelashes and slightly moving beautiful eyes blinking. The top of her lips is also glowing with color, and her clavicle is looming, which is extremely attractive...

"Let's go..." Before Xiao Yan could turn around, Mu Yingying also put on a large windbreaker, perfectly covering the exposed shoulder and collarbone.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan coughed a few times when he saw this, and then went down with Mu Yingying.

On the first floor of the inn, Lao Zhu and Mu Feng were already waiting here.

"Let's go if you have nothing to do." Elder Zhu also glanced at Mu Yingying and said.

Mu Feng also stared at Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan for a while, and found that the two of them were strange at this time, but they didn't speak, and kept up with Zhu Lao's pace.

The group of four had just left the inn and came to Xuanling City on the road leading to the Xuanling Royal Family Auction.

"Wow, is there a mistake... so many people?" Mu Feng was also surprised that his eyes were about to fall.

In addition to ghosts, it was the first time that Mu Feng saw so many people gather towards the place.

"This is just the tip of the iceberg. After all, the auction sponsored by the Xuanling royal family is held once every ten years, and it is quite a grand and prosperous world throughout the entire Xuansan three days, so such a scene is not surprising." Zhu Lao also smiled. Obviously, because of the disapproval of the Xuanling royal family yesterday, Zhu Lao's mood has also improved a lot.

Moreover, Elder Zhu also exposed his strength to the eyes of the Xuanling royal family, half-immortal!

If the Xuanling royal family has any other thoughts, they must first weigh their own abilities. After all, Elder Zhu still has another identity... a battle formation master!

That's why Zhu Lao had already planned to do this.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he also looked away, staring at the pedestrian path where people came and went.

"Well? Anyone who patrols is at the level of a five-star Dou Di..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also discovered that there were many soldiers in armor maintaining order on the road.

These soldiers, without exception, are all wearing heavy armor, but this does not affect their efficiency in the slightest, and they are well-behaved, and it is obvious that they are professionally trained.

"Tiger head..."

"Anyone from the Tiger Tooth Army?" Xiao Yan also noticed that these soldiers had tiger heads carved on their shoulders, and immediately said to himself.

"I can't believe that this time, even the people from the Huya Legion have been transferred as soldiers to maintain order... The Xuanling royal family seems to have a lot of money this time!" Zhu Lao also found the tiger on the shoulders of the soldiers who were patrolling and maintaining order. The head is immediately the Tao.

"Old Zhu, what exactly is there in this auction?" Mu Feng also asked curiously.

"Don't look at me, even I don't know anything about this auction..."

"Since the Xuanling Royal Family has mobilized the Huya Legion, the Wolf Eagle Legion will definitely not be idle, and what is being auctioned at this auction, let alone me, even the Xuanling King may not know..."

"The secret work of the Xuanling royal family is very well done..." At the end of the sentence, Zhu Lao also said with some envy.

"It's here." Just after speaking, several people came to a behemoth.

In front of this behemoth, the figures of Xiao Yan and the others were as small as ants.

It was a huge building occupying the entire hill!

The building is all gray and about several hundred meters in size. From the outside, it looks like a watermelon was cut from the middle, and it stands in an oval shape on the top of the mountain!

In the center of the oval building, a huge immortal character slowly stands in front of everyone!

Even from a long distance away, Xiao Yan could still feel the enormity and grandeur of this immortal-level auction house!

This is just the periphery of an auction hall, it is so grand, I really can't imagine what the situation will be inside.

гӮЎж–°гғӨ~в‘§~1~дёӯж–ҮзҪ‘ПүПүПү.ПҮ~в’Ҹ~1zСү.cГІРј

"Haha This fairy-level auction house was originally abolished by the Xuanling royal family, so I asked people from the Tujia people to build it..." Old Zhu's voice also sounded slowly.

"Tujia... I hope it won't be such a coincidence..." Xiao Yan heard the words and seemed to be thoughtful.

Because Xiao Yan clearly remembered that the unruly girl he met in the medicine market was also wearing a jade pendant with earth characters engraved on his waist!

Combining the thick fighting spirit on her body, all the signs indicate that the woman seems to be a Tujia...

This Tujia is very prosperous in the Xuanling royal family. Xiao Yan didn't want to have too many grudges with them, and he didn't think about it. However, Xiao Yan also did not think about the mental loss that the lion said and the girl asked for. Right as a joke.

"Teacher..." Tu Ling also came to the foot of the fairy-level auction house, and immediately said to the old man in front of him.

"Well, this is the mental loss fee that the alchemist needs. You can give it to him when you see him later." Tu Ling's teacher also said absent-mindedly.

When I went back, I was scolded by my family. Not to mention, this little princess Tu Ling really likes to cause trouble.

"By the way, that person is from the Fenxiang Pavilion...it seems to be Xiao Yan." The old man also said.

"Xiao Yan... You actually made this young lady embarrassed..."

"I will definitely make you look good!" After Tu Ling finished speaking, he also angrily took a collection ring prepared by his teacher, and then headed for the auction!

Ask for tickets!