Chapter Vol 4 2105: Dimensional Prism, Imprisoned Medicine World

"Xiao Yan, you can open your eyes to see clearly, there is solid evidence on the memory crystal in front of you, the amber flame, you are the only one who owns the entire Dou Di Continent, plus its demon power and body are very consistent with you, Now, what else do you have to say?" Liu Hao's whole body showed a touch of gentle power, rendering his figure quite sacred, like a superior judge Xiao Yan, and he was extremely confident in his heart.

The memory picture on the memory crystal is quite complete, even Xiao Yan is unable to clear his name, and Liu Hao came prepared this time, even bringing the powerful people of the Holy See to him, Xiao Yan will surely die!

"Humph!"

"It's really malicious to belong to the Holy See."

"But what can you tell with just a memory crystal?"

"As we all know, there are countless strange flames in the Great Thousand World. It's too much of a child's play to want to frame me for this alone!"

"And there are many reincarnation powerhouses in the Holy See. Reincarnation powerhouses can change or even distort memory crystals. This kind of evidence is not good."

"If you want to convict me, you'd better come up with some strong evidence." Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent, as if he didn't take it seriously, he immediately pulled Xun'er, and said in a firm tone, and in his body, the Devil's Cube also began to beat, a little bit The dark green energy slowly dispersed, filling up Xiao Yan's withered limbs.

Although Xiao Yan can still quibble, but Xiao Yan intuitively told himself that this time is probably a real catastrophe, a catastrophe designed by the Holy See against him!

As the voices of Xiao Yan and Liu Hao fell, the entire sky suddenly fell into silence for a while, and eyes wandered back and forth on the Holy See powerhouse and Xiao Yan, and the words of the two of them always maintained a kind of acceptable. Is there a dispensable attitude, it seems that both of them are justified?

Xiao Yan's strength is not bad, but how could he kill the Holy See Angel?

You must know that the angel wings on the Holy See Angels are enough to be immune to most attacks and can obliterate the Holy See Angels. I am afraid that their strength is at least in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, or even the kind of monster with extremely abnormal combat power!

But the demon figure in the memory crystal, in many ways, is somewhat similar to Xiao Yan in front of him.

After a while, the two believers beside Liu Hao fixed on Xiao Yan indifferently, and a gentle milky white halo galloped inside the body. As long as Xiao Yan had any changes, they would not hesitate to take action and arrest him. !

As for the other powerhouses present, with the exception of Yao Wan and the ancient races, most of them are only below the strength of some middle stage powerhouses of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, so looking at the Holy See's battle, one can only wait and see what happens.

This rare quietness brought the atmosphere in the entire medicine world into a rather strange state.

"Xiao Yan, you are still stubborn when you are about to die."

"The devil in the memory crystal is you. You practice sorcery privately, and you have committed a heinous crime, and then you have joined hands with the royal family of the Tianxing Continent to obliterate our Holy See angels, trying to cover up this monstrous crime!"

"You are unforgivable!"

"Today, my Son of Light will lead me and other Holy See powerhouses to bring you to justice here!"

"Use your corpse and soul to tell the world that evil can never prevail!" Liu Hao was determined to kill Xiao Yan, so he ignored everything else and stared at Xiao Yan gloomily.

"Hahaha!"

"joke."

"Could this be the way your Holy See does things?" Xiao Yan thought it a little funny, this Liu Hao wanted to kill himself with so many excuses.

"You are right, as long as you are on the list of our Holy See, you must respect the will of our Holy See."

"This is the unique style of our Holy See!"

"The jury, do it, let me catch him!"

"Whether the evidence is sufficient or not, this time he must be brought to justice to pay homage to the fallen soul of the angel!"

"Anyone who delays my Holy See Judgment will be killed!"

"Kill!" Without giving Xiao Yan any chance, Liu Hao roared, and countless icy killing intents were released around him.

"Xiao Yan, you are guilty of serious crimes, please accept the judgment."

"Your soul has long been tainted by evil, and no one in the entire world can save you."

"Follow me and wait for the Holy See, the God of Angels will make the final judgment on you!"

"It will forgive your mistakes, purify your soul, transform your corpse, and allow you to ascend to heaven after death and experience the way of light!" Liu Hao's voice just fell, two believers headed by Liu Hao Directly shrouding the entire medicine world to prevent many other powerhouses from being unruly, the second believer Hill folded his hands together, closed his eyes gently, and prayed to Xiao Yan with the attitude of a savior.

"Dong, dong, dong!" Xiao Yan was dumbfounded, and pushed Xun'er away in one fell swoop. With the Phoenix Nirvana Pill that he gave to Xun'er, Xiao Yan was also a little relieved.

The jury suddenly surrounded Xiao Yan, and bursts of ancient white rays of light lingered around Xiao Yan like pages of notes. The ancient high-pitched incantations purify Xiao Yan's mind and lead Xiao Yan's body to some special The power began to squirm.

"Patriarch, could it be that Xiao Yan, the lord of the Endless Fire Territory, is really the mysterious person who obliterated the Holy See's patrolling angel before?" Seeing this scene, many strong men in the Yao clan were terrified and slowly gathered around and muttered.

The Yao clan guards were killed and Yao Xuan was killed. In addition to the many grievances and grievances in the past, the Yao clan's hatred of the Holy See has now reached its peak.

"Xuanyi, prepare the summoning order. This time the matter is very important and must be decided by the elder Taishang himself!"

"Yes!" For a time, the powerful medicine people gathered in a group, and their power slowly merged, as if calling out to the depths of the medicine world, trying to wake up a sleeping Taishang elder, but this call lasted for a long time. , but there is no trace of it.

"Brother Xiao Yan!" Looking at Xiao Yan's pale face, those sacred notes burned Xiao Yan's body and skin, making Xiao Yan's expression extremely distorted, and there was a resolute determination in Xun'er's beautiful eyes!

"You are wronging people!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly, but there was no sign of taking action, and he gritted his teeth and said bluntly.

"The jury, use the power of purification for me!"

"Expose his true face!"

"If anything happens, the book will be responsible for it alone!" Liu Hao naturally did not believe it, because from the mouth of the Soul Palace, it was 100% sure that Xiao Yan was a demon. In addition to the existence of the two believers and the jury, he That's how fearless it is.

"Holy See……"

"I didn't want to do this, but you forced me to do this!"

"Crack!" With a sound, a delicate token was quietly crushed in Xun'er's palm.

"This is... an order from the patriarch of the ancient clan?"

"The background of this girl's identity is not simple!" Seeing Xun'er's move, countless powerhouses sighed.

"What... what's going on?" A minute later there was no mutation found in the entire medicine world. It seemed that Xun'er's summons, as well as the medicine clan's summons, all ended in failure?

The message they sent out seemed to be bounced back by some force!

"Crash!" Just when the two were hesitating, the top of the entire medicine world, including some gloomy dead corners, swirls of crystal-like mirrors reflected countless dazzling brilliance, all the power that emerged above the Xun'er summoning order , as well as the power secretly prepared by the medicine clan powerhouse, was all refracted by it and destroyed in the air.

"The Holy See's unique confinement magic, the dimensional prism... is enough to block the transmission of all power."

"I'm afraid these guys came prepared this time..." At this moment, the powerful medicine clan realized that the Holy See this time, the target was not only Xiao Yan, but also a wave of death that was like returning home.

Under the confinement of the dimensional prism, they cannot enter and leave the medicine world, or even communicate with any external energy. At this moment, the entire medicine world is like a prisoned purgatory!

The gods shine in the world, endless brilliance!