Chapter Vol 4 975: Between the rivers of blood!

Xuehejian is located in the core area of ​​the Blood River Continent of the Ghost World and the Xuanling Continent of the Dou Di Sifang Continent.

This place used to be the place of battle between the ghost world and the human world. Due to countless years of battles between the powerhouses, this space is filled with extremely attractive treasures. Therefore, every sect competition is not only the superpower in Xuantian three days. The sect and some weak sects will participate, and even some unknown people will participate. After all, if you are lucky enough to get the relics of a senior, then it can be said that you will become a dragon and jump up.

So no matter how dangerous the blood river is, it still can't stop some guys who try to try their luck.

Not far from the entrance of Xuehejian, this is a small town called Xuehe Town. There are a wide variety of goods here. Of course, these things are naturally scouted from Xuehejian without knowing the specific effect. , it was put up for auction.

"This is the front foot of Xuehejian, Xuehe Town..." Xiao Yan and his party were extremely large, and they came here not long after entering the space passage.

"Hey, there are a lot of treasures in Blood River Town. After you settle down, you can go and have a look. You can't be lucky enough to find some treasures." Zhu Jin stood in the first place, watching the mighty people behind him. A strong man said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Elder Zhu, when will this sect competition open?" Qin Xin, who was beside her, said worriedly.

"The sect competition has already begun, but it is estimated that the entrance will be fully opened tomorrow. After all, this entrance has been set up with an extremely powerful seal, and it cannot be opened with the power of a strong sect."

"Waiting for the arrival of other strong sects, it will be fully opened tomorrow." Zhu Jin said slowly.

"Let's go, enter the town first, there is one of our bases inside." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, he led a group of disciples towards Xuehe Town.

Although Xuehe Town is a small town above it, it has a huge area, I am afraid it covers nearly a thousand miles, and Zhujin just landed and led a group of disciples towards the habitat.

Not long after, Zhu Jin brought a huge team to a quiet mansion, and then a light flashed inside.

"Disciple Yuan Yang, I've seen Elder Zhu!" And just when the light just flickered in, a shrewd man opened the gate of the mansion and greeted everyone with a smile.

"So strong."

"This guy's strength, I am afraid that he has reached the eight-star Dou Emperor Consummation." Xiao Yan looked at the smiling guy in front of him, and couldn't help but feel a chill.

"Come on, arrange for the disciples to go down to rest."

"Old Zhu and a few friends, please come here." After Yuan Yang finished speaking, he said to the four elders headed by Elder Zhu and the elite disciples of Xiao Yan.

"Let's go." Zhu Jin took the lead in walking.

"Old Zhu, I'm afraid there's something strange about this sect competition..." Xuan Yang immediately opened his mouth as he rushed into the hall.

Because at this time, only Zhu Jin, Yan Chi, Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi are standing here. In addition to the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, Xiao Yan, Mufeng, Yi Muying, Qinxin, and a few powerhouses in the Earth Palace, they can make no difference. To put it bluntly, what is here is the backbone of the Fenxiang Pavilion today.

"The people here are all outstanding disciples from this sect competition, but it doesn't matter." Zhu Jin glanced at Yuan Yang, seeing that he was on the verge of speaking, and immediately said.

"Blood River has changed over the years, and I don't know what happened recently, according to someone who just returned."

"The current blood river has become two parts." Yuan Yang said seriously.

"The two parts?" When Yan Chi heard the words, he immediately became surprised. Yan Chi was very clear about Xuehejian.

This **** river is the battle between the ghost world and the human world powerhouse. There used to be a lot of sinful ghost world powerhouses and human powerhouses. There are many treasures and inheritances, but the ghost energy is also extremely high. Thick.

"The Blood River is too close to the Blood River Continent. According to my guess, this may be related to the ghost world."

"This time in the sect competition, it is very likely that the powerhouses of the Blood River Continent in the ghost world have some conspiracy." Yuan Yang said solemnly.

"I'm afraid it has something to do with ghost qi." Zhu Jin also nodded.

"And this sect competition, this time the rules are extremely strange."

"According to the people of Xuanmeng, the second floor of the Blood River is divided according to strength."

"The strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor can only enter the second floor, and the disciples who are not as strong as the Seven Star Dou Emperor cannot enter the second floor."

"And the second floor is the place where Senior Brother Yintong fell." Yuan Yang said.

"what?"

"This is definitely a conspiracy." When Yan Chi heard the words, Wei Wei knew why the people of Xuanmeng decided that the disciples who had participated in the previous sect competition could also participate.

"The Xuanmeng is now almost occupied by the Xuanling royal family, so this decision is naturally aimed at us." Zhu Jin seemed to have known it for a long time, and was not surprised at all.

"Since that's the case, those of us who are above the Seven-Star Dou Emperor are Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying from the Seven Heavenly Hall and the Human Hall, a total of nine people..."

"And the Xuanling royal family has reached the level of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor or above, there are probably as many as ten people, not to mention that there are still people who have stepped into the Eight-Star Dou Emperor..." Zhu Jin said slightly.

"Old Zhu, don't worry, this time, we will definitely succeed."

"What was lost in the past will be taken back this time." Senior Brother Mu Tianyuan of Tiandian said slowly, his voice was full of chills, apparently aware of the shock of Senior Brother Yintong's three sons to Zhu Lao.

"Yep."

"I believe in you."

"My disciples of Burning Incense Pavilion are definitely not worthless."

"In addition, there is a suppression on the strength of the eight-star Dou Di in the second floor, so if you meet Brother Yintong, even if it is a skeleton, you have to bring it back to me, do you understand!" Zhu Jin said.

"Yes!" Numerous disciples naturally knew what Yin Tong's three sons meant, and said solemnly.

"This time, in the sect competition, the second-floor personnel, seven people from the Heavenly Palace, Xiao Yan, and nine people from Mu Yingying, are mainly the elder brother Mu Tianyuan of the Heavenly Palace, and Xiao Yan is the supplement."

"As for the first floor of the Blood River, Qinxin is the main one, and the disciples of the Earth Palace are supplemented. They lead the other disciples in the sect to go to the trial." Zhu Jin arranged.

"Everything is according to what Zhu Lao said." After hearing the words, many disciples spoke slowly.

"Okay, let's go down and rest."

"Besides, there are fish in the blood, so if you go out to the Taobao area to hunt for treasure, you have to be careful." After Zhu Jin finished speaking, he went straight to rest with Yan Chi.

"Let's go too, the sect competition should be fully opened tomorrow." Xiao Wei said.

"Why don't you go to the Taobao area?" Xiao Yi seemed to know what her eldest brother Xiao Yan was thinking, and immediately opened her mouth, her voice full of excitement.

"I can't ask for it." After speaking, he took Mu Feng, Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying towards the Taobao area in Xuehe Town.

At the same time, in this blood river town, many disciples of the super sects are also slowly arriving, they are like eagles, waiting for the storm to rise.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: .. Mobile version reading website: m.