Chapter Vol 4 2246: Pure Heart White No Frost!

In the dark passage, the blue-haired Buddha lion was extremely fast. After a short rest, he escaped from the underground passage of the palace and brought the two to a dark underground space.

Here are the bones, and a suffocating evil force emerges everywhere. What is the difference between this situation and hell?

In the center of the evil prison, in a cage constructed of ten golden Buddha pillars, a pale woman sat in the cage.

Countless evil lights are suspended in this world, and the terrifying power that invades the mind ripples out. The evil fluctuations contained in it make Xiao Yan's scalp feel a little numb now.

"That guy is the leader of this prison."

"Red King Rank, the controller of the pure heart, Bai Wushuang."

"There is an isolation of the Buddhist enchantment here, so I don't have to worry about being discovered, but it's not suitable for me to stay here for a long time, I have to go back."

As soon as the voice fell, the blue-haired Buddha lion put the two down, and went straight back to the original path, because once he stayed for too long, the Buddha's power grand event would disturb Bai Wushuang.

"Second brother, why don't we use holy flame to burn this place to the ground?"

Under the Jielin Valley Palace, there is a Buddhist pillar passageway that separates the power of the enchantment, and the two have not been discovered by the evil guys in the prison for a while, but once they break through the Buddhist scriptures enchantment passage in front of them, I am afraid that the two will be besieged by countless evil creatures. .

Although the intensity of the evil power here is far less than that of the Demon Suppression Prison, it should not be underestimated, not to mention the existence of the pure heart controller. This kind of thing is a heavenly threat to Sheng Yan, so Xiao Yan dare not dare to. adventure.

"The thief must be captured first, and the king must be captured. The evil leader must be strangled here, and the rest is naturally nothing to be afraid of."

"And I'm curious, why is this guy able to make the blue-haired Buddha Lion of the double reincarnation helpless?"

"It shouldn't be that simple."

"I'll go out and try first, you wait here, don't act rashly without my order."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he bent down and turned into a shadow, slightly passed through the passage barrier, and entered the evil prison.

Just after leaving the enchantment of the Buddha's Light Passage and entering the evil prison, there was a sticky **** stench, like the rotten smell emitted by piles of corpses, which was disgusting.

"Someone is here, little guys, welcome new friends."

Xiao Yan hadn't approached Shigen Fomang Prison yet, when the evil woman with four gods and no masters suddenly showed a frantic smile, and smiled slowly.

This guy's perception is too sharp!

"Guru!"

When Xiao Yan heard the words, his scalp shook violently, and endless glass-colored flames swept out, and the evil dark tide that rushed towards him instantly drowned in it.

"Holy...Holy Flame?"

At this moment, seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the evil woman said hesitantly.

At the same time, a glass-colored pierced sun and a white light group slammed together viciously, and the terrifying power fluctuations directly tore the evil prison, with an indescribable wave of destruction, rushing towards On the dark soil below.

"Shabu Shabu!"

Two energies, one pure as water and the other sacred and hot, slammed into the soil of the evil prison together, a terrifying humming sound resounded through the sky, a sound of mourning and mourning emerged, and the two below were attacked forcibly. A huge vortex of tens of thousands of feet was blasted out!

The whirlpool slowly turned, like a black hole that devoured all things. The glass-colored flames and pure white energy were entangled continuously. Even as time passed, Xiao Yan's sacred and hot glass-colored flames quietly dissipated away.

Looking at its appearance, it seems that the power of his holy flame has been invaded and assimilated by the power of this pure heart?

"What a terrifying holy flame."

The woman in white under the Ten Fingers Buddha Prison looked at Xiao Yan's figure below, and there was a deep sense of surprise in her eyes. It seemed that the holy flame on this guy had never been seen before!

"The pure heart of this guy should not be underestimated."

Xiao Yan's eyes also flickered, and then he stared at the latter slightly.

"Breaking into the evil prison with your quasi-reincarnation strength, you are really the most stupid person among the holy flame controllers I have ever seen."

"But this time, I will take the place of the aliens and completely extinguish your holy flames!"

The body of the witch in white slowly returned, and in her clear eyes, countless white lights emerged like a tide, and the repressive force was especially tyrannical.

"Pure evil finger!!!"

On the witch in white, a hoarse voice slanted out with full of anger, pointed out with one finger, and then the whole body of white light quietly escaped the restraint of the Ten Finger Buddha Prison and burst out.

"Crack, click!"

Hearing Bai Wushuang's words, countless evil forces surged in the entire evil prison, and Xiao Yan's heart became awe-inspiring.

"Crash!"

Bai Wushuang pointed a finger, and the energy in the entire evil prison suddenly gathered together, and a seed of light like a white heart slowly flickered under the shroud of a ray.

Among the white seeds, there is a bright white rune, which looks very strange, and the power contained in it actually makes the power of holy flame really move!

"Reincarnation!"

Seeing this, Xiao Yan slowly turned the glass-colored flame in his body, and a scorching fire wheel emerged.

"Pfft!"

The moment the two collided, there was no appalling explosion sound, but Xiao Yan's glass-colored flame trembled slightly under the attack of the white heart, and the countless holy flames contained in it actually became weaker.

"Pure heart, it really lives up to its reputation."

Xiao Yan frowned, but he did not dare to use his holy flame with all his strength. Other forces on his body emerged and slowly faced the other side.

"Leave it here completely!"

White pure power whizzed away, Bai Wushuang's face gushed out, bursts of violent colors, and then stepped out, invisible power spread out, it turned out to be ten shocking Buddha pillars buzzing, as if at any time will fall apart completely.

Bai Wushuang's voice fell In the entire evil prison, a pool of milky white liquid poured out from the prison cage, and then the whole space became quiet, and countless weak evil shadows did not emit any sound. The sound of the sound was completely destroyed by this power!

Even the glazed flames around Xiao Yan's body erupted with a deep chill, and countless flames were forced back by this power.

"Dragon Claw!"

The glass-colored flames instantly retracted back into his body, and the endless cyan dragon scales, accompanied by an extremely tyrannical force, collided with those milky-white energies!

"Boom!"

This time, the two attacks are on the verge of contact, and the entire evil prison trembles violently, as if it will be completely shattered at any time!

The terrifying energy storm raged out, the wind was blowing, the void was distorted, and the entire space was in chaos.

Accompanied by this deafening terrifying fluctuation, the powerful evil voices in the evil prison, the breath directly became dying, and the body quickly fled, seemingly extremely afraid!

The power contained in the power of milky white purity is the divine power of the Holy Flame, but what Xiao Yan did not expect is that this power not only restrains the Holy Flame, but even these evil creatures are suppressed to death!

At this moment, the whole place is dead silent!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: