Chapter Vol 4 2172: No. 1 of the foreign royal family, King Bea!

"Is it an illusion..."

The sudden scene made Xiao Xiao, who was already determined to die, a little lost, as if a brief hallucination appeared in his mind, the bloodshot eyes kept flashing, and the slender eyelashes couldn't help but stare at the speed on the ground in the distance. Moving shadows.

The black shadow is thin, but at first glance it gives people a sense of peace of mind. The extremely stable aura above the black shadow can give people the illusion that with him there, it seems that this world will not collapse, no matter the face It doesn't matter what kind of strong enemy.

"Sorry, I'm late."

"This time, with Daddy here, no one can hurt you."

The crisp voice seemed to have some kind of magic power, and just after it was released, the whole world hummed, the thin black shadow stepped across, the broad palm stroked the hair of the beautiful woman, and the gentle power was conveyed away like nectar. .

"Twist."

Looking at this tall figure who was thinking of Chao Siye, Xiao Xiao was stunned for a moment, then raised his slender fingers and gently pinched the man's arm.

"Sisi...what are you doing!"

"It hurts!"

When the man saw this, he also frowned, with a cooperative look on his face, and a very doting smile.

"Daddy."

Hearing the man's so familiar voice, the last line of defense in Xiao Xiao's heart collapsed, tears poured out like a dam bursting, and his exquisite body fell on Xiao Yan, as if he had lost his beloved toy and was malicious towards his father. A coquettish little girl, there is still a little bit of a queen on the top.

"Guru..."

This sudden scene also filled the minds of many other powerhouses. Immediately, one after another, they looked at the two in the sky with astonished eyes, and their faces were extremely shocked and excited!

It's him!

It's him!

It's him!

That man is back!

The most powerful person in Dou Qi Continent, Yan Emperor Xiao Yan!

"Wong buzzing."

After the rest, Xun'er and the three daughters Yanran stepped out from a distance, especially when Cailin Meimei saw the peerless woman in Xiao Yan's arms, her heart rose violently, and the scars on Xiao Xiao's body were like acupuncture directly pierced. In Cailin's heart, extreme anger emerged.

"Leave this to me."

"Your mother and they are back too."

"go quickly."

Xiao Yan calmed Xiao Xiao and the colorful little snake down, and immediately led him to the void and handed it over to the three Cailin girls. He just got up, and there was a rare and extremely mad slaughter in his eyes, staring straight at him. The evil man in front of you.

Entering the Dou Qi Continent, because of the evil blood mist above the sky, all the voids were imprisoned, so some time was wasted, but fortunately it was not too late.

"Xiao Yan?"

At this moment, with the appearance of Xiao Yan, the contempt in the eyes of the evil man disappeared, replaced by a dignified look.

The space channel was constructed by someone, and it seemed that someone crossed the space through the space channel, so he sent people to the space channel to guard it.

If Xiao Yan appeared here, I am afraid that the fate of the two kings in the space channel would be very obvious.

"It seems that my name has also spread to the ears of your alien race."

"But I believe that after this time, my reputation will continue to grow!"

In Xiao Yan's voice, cold killing intent emerged. Obviously, this guy has really touched Xiao Yan's inverse scales. Now Xiao Yan has turned into a ferocious beast, with endless cold killing intent in his eyes, making this void violent. Shake it up.

That kind of extremely cold killing intent, like a ten thousand year cold cave, shudders!

"It seems that the so-called Endless Fire Territory Lord is really extraordinary, but..."

The evil man snorted coldly, his body turned into a **** black glow, and shot directly at Xiao Yan!

"Pfft!"

A crisp and harsh voice sounded in the sky, and everyone backed away unconsciously, giving up the space here to the two of them.

The two attacked one after another, like two gods, every time they made a move, they would bring out an endless sense of distortion.

"Crack!"

After entanglement, the evil man and Xiao Yan punched each other, and the void around the two, like cracks in broken lenses, spread out from the battle between the two.

"It's really enviable to have such a terrifying power in the middle of the eight-star fighting immortal stage."

With one blow, the evil man's eyes finally turned gloomy at this moment. Obviously, the rumors about Xiao Yan were not false. Even after a simple fight, the evil man knew that Xiao Yan's fighting power was better than the rumored one. More terrifying!

"Crack, click!"

Dao after Dao cracks spread out, shattering this piece of heaven and earth, the meaning of vicissitudes is endless!

"The red armor on this guy should be an evil tool. With that kind of thing, he can use all his power without any scruples and is not restricted by the plane."

"On the contrary, I don't have the protection of those powers. When I use the power in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, I will be squeezed out by this plane every time I use it, and I will be squeezed out after a long stalemate."

The two stopped, and Xiao Yan also discovered some hidden traces.

"Xiao Yan, remember the name of this king, the royal family outside the territory, King Beiya!"

The evil man gave a grim smile, and the terrifying voice made the void buzzing here, but behind him, there was a strong evil energy, which was rapidly brewing and forming, as if he was summoning something.

"Whoa!"

With a big wave of Xiao Yan's hand, the fire of holy flame emerged, stabilizing this space, otherwise the battle of the eight-star fighting immortal perfection powerhouse would be enough to tear it apart easily.

"Holy Flame Domain!"

After calling Duo, he took the two figures of King Bea and himself into his own domain, and stood on the top of Genting far away. Only then did he feel relieved. This approach can naturally minimize the loss and damage.

"It's useless to do so much."

"Xiao Clan, this time it will be completely bloodbathed."

There was some fear in King Beiya's icy eyes After breathing, a black hole brewed out behind him, and ten people stepped out at the same time, making Xiao Yan's domain space buzzing , as if it will completely collapse at any time!

The ten people formed a smear of black lightning together, blasting towards Xiao Yan and surrounding him, locking all of Xiao Yan's escape routes, the terrifying power contained within each body was simply appalling!

At this moment, countless people froze for a moment, watching the changing battle situation on the sky, their fists clenched unconsciously.

If even the number one powerhouse in the continent loses, I am afraid that they are the only ones who do it themselves. Even if they fall, they will feel much better than the shame of being occupied by others.

"Mother, Daddy...will you win?"

With a red nose, Xiao Xiao lay quietly in Cailin's arms, feeling the warmth that she had not seen for a long time, and pouted her lips softly. She knew very well the terrifying power of King Beya, so she couldn't help but worry.

"Don't worry, your father is the strongest."

"These guys deserve death for their crimes."

The three Cailin girls didn't move. Their purpose was naturally to maintain this world and protect this continent. The rest of the power should be handed over to Xiao Yan.

But the sky looked like this, a humming sound sounded, accompanied by a huge space ship, a gap was abruptly torn from the void of the cloud, which was extremely shocking.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: