Chapter Vol 4 2087: Compete for the 8th striker, Dou Yanxuan!

"Crack!" A crack appeared, and the anger that was already extremely hot in the outside world suddenly became agitated.

With the actions of Yan Xuan and Shen Hong, it has caused dissatisfaction from many forces, but because the Yao family did not come forward, they are not easy to get angry.

"What's going on?" At this time, everyone's eyes were still focused on the crystal prism. Now they have entered the final step, refining the medicinal pills. The next step is the extremely dangerous part. After all, in the previous ceremonies, refining Among the medicinal pills, relying on their own strength to **** the energy of heaven and earth, etc., there are not a few things that eventually cause the death of the pill. That kind of situation will undoubtedly become the most attractive picture in the grand ceremony.

"Patriarch, do you have something on your mind?" Although Yao Xuanyi had been paying attention to Xiao Yan, but Xiao Yan was helpless whether it was intentional or just luck. Since his spiritual ascension, he lost his image in the crystal prism, so there was nothing he could do.

"Xiao Yan, that kid, I'm afraid that he will really..." At this moment, Yao Wanwan was not as proud as he used to be, so he could only shake his head and sigh.

"How could that be? Yao Yichen and his sisters are the geniuses of our Yao family for a hundred years. With them here, the first title must be ours. After all, it is impossible for Xiao Yan to collect all the medicinal materials of the quasi-sacred prescription." Yao Xuanyi Still can't believe it.

"You know the creatures guarding and guarding the treasures in the spirit sea, right?" Yao Wanwan whispered in a low voice.

"Ice Fire Evil Dragon and Holy Qi?" Yao Xuanyi nodded, these things are naturally arranged by them, so it is impossible to be unclear.

However, that trace of holy energy was snatched by the Ice and Fire Evil Dragon from their Medicine Clan's holy-rank alchemist. It was not prepared by them. Originally, they planned to exchange the guardian treasure, but the Ice and Fire Evil Dragon was too cunning and could only do this. delayed.

"The guardian has been defeated, a trace of holy energy has been obtained, and the snake swallowing the sky grass has also been taken away." Yao Wanwan shook his head.

"How could..." At this moment, an extremely tyrannical dizziness struck.

Nether Snake Swallowing Heavenly Grass is a precious medicinal material in the spiritual sea that has grown since ancient times. Even if their Medicine Clan dispatched countless geniuses, they could not get it. Originally, Xiao Yan’s amazing strength may be good, but due to the difficulty of this medicine, the Medicine Clan cannot take it. The top management obviously did not regard Xiao Yan as a real competitor. After all, he was as arrogant as a quasi-sacred prescription.

But now, the medicinal materials and holy energy have been taken away, although it is not sure that Xiao Yan did it. As a result, it may be difficult for the geniuses of their medicine clan to maintain the title of the No. 1 alchemist in the mainland.

...

In the valley of spirits.

"Damn, there are already six Juling Peaks that have been occupied and started refining, and there are only four to come. In order to save time, let's go to the nearest one." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and the figure burst out. , towards the edge of Linggu.

"Damn Shen Hong, actually plotting against me!"

"And that ice and fire evil dragon, it's really bad luck." At this time, Yan Xuan's figure also appeared next to the eighth peak spirit pillar.

Just after escaping from the fatal blow of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon, he hurriedly collected his last medicinal herbs, and immediately went to the eighth Juling Peak without stopping.

Juling Peak stands at the very edge of the Linggu Mountains, and the endless energy of heaven and earth is vented, which contains countless mysteries. According to the information obtained by Yan Xuan in advance, occupying Juling Peak to refine medicine pills can have a multiplier effect with half the effort. As a result, the ten Juling Peaks became the targets for everyone to loot.

Today's Yan Xuan has fluffy red hair, a face as black as coke, and there are traces of conspicuous scars on his body, but this can't stop him from going towards the eighth peak.

"This peak has been occupied by me, you should find another place." At this moment, at the top of the eighth peak, on an elegant round platform, a man with fierce eyes smiled and said with a murderous intent in his voice. Exhibition no doubt.

"Qingshan Sect Guo Di?"

"It is said that behind this guy is a super sect on the Douyun Continent. He has been gifted since childhood, and now he has reached the seventh-grade Xuan-level refining pharmacist of the immortal rank. There is a faint sign of competing with the ancient race."

"What a terrifying guy." At this moment, looking at some of the alchemists who were lying on the ground, the others murmured, and there was a very obvious retreat in their voices.

"Hey, let's go, since Juling Peak can't compete, we can only go to find a quiet place to refine the medicine pill." After a while, looking at Guo Di's terrifying power and courage, a group of strong men shook their heads and shook their heads. Immediately leave quickly.

"Finally, we can start refining medicine pills."

"This time, I will definitely let the ancient races know the tyranny of our Qingshan Sect." Guo Di said with a gratified smile, as if he had seen the ancient races bowing down in front of him to please him.

"Isn't it too early to be happy?" And just as Guo Di was about to start refining the elixir and locked the eighth peak, a lightning-like black shadow slowly swept into the sky, with the attitude of a superior. , looking down at Guo Di, the disdain contained in his words is extremely obvious.

"This...this is?"

"Yan Clan Yan Xuan?" At this moment, the excitement in Guo Di's heart turned into a feeling of unease, and his body shook violently.

"I like this eighth peak, you should look elsewhere." A brown flame appeared all over Yan Xuan's body, and immediately the entire peak of the eighth peak, countless forces squirmed, and an extremely hot breath emerged. out.

This level of flame power actually made Guo Di have a long-lost heart palpitation.

"I fought with you!"

"The Fist of the Green Mountain!" Looking at this scene, Guo Di did not hold back any hands, and the dazzling flames were also displayed, wrapping his fists and shooting away at Yan Xuan, and the strong fighting qi fluctuations set off waves in the sky. The wind was blowing, quite frightening.

"The genius of the ancient race is not comparable to those of you ants."

"Go away!" In the face of this terrifying attack Yan Xuan snorted coldly, the dazzling brown flame turned into a ferocious fire dragon, without any extra means, the fire dragon roared out fiercely, unexpectedly It was attacked and shattered in an instant, and the whole person was shot thousands of meters away like a cold corpse. Along the way, the sound of crisp bones breaking was quite harsh.

"The pride of the ancient race, this time let's use the medicine refining technique to compete!"

"Come on fire, ascend the cauldron!" After removing all the obstructing guys at the top of the peak, Yan Xuan set up a heavy barrier, and immediately his palm emerged, and the gorgeous flames swept out, trying to transform into a cauldron and start refining medicine pills .

Once you start refining medicine pills, no one can compete with you on this mountain!

"It's too early to say such words now." A proudly standing laughter emerged, but the laughter had not spread completely, and the void of the entire peak suddenly solidified, and even Yan Xuan cast The flames that came out were instantly extinguished.

Yan Xuan lowered his head and looked at a thin black-shirted man at the bottom of the mountain. Above his head, an extremely terrifying force gently swept away, and that force actually contained a touch of depression that he had never experienced before!