Chapter Vol 4 899: Mu Yingying's careful thoughts!

On the second floor of the underground palace, looking back to see the situation of Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying.

Since the two of them left the second floor of the underground palace, they walked towards the bottom of the underground palace. Due to the complicated terrain of the underground palace, they lost a lot of energy to find the entrance to the third floor of the underground palace.

The entrance to the third floor of the underground palace is clearly a stone wall, but entering the periphery of the stone wall is obviously surrounded by some mysterious power.

"What a powerful restriction." After Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying left the second floor of the underground palace at the same time, they came to the entrance of the third floor of the underground palace, and then stared at the huge formation outside the stone wall in front of him, Xiao Yan spoke slowly .

From this formation, Xiao Yan seemed to realize something, and there was an aura that was familiar to him.

"Xiao Yan, quit."

"The powerhouses below are too strong, so this is not where you should come." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a phantom appeared in front of the two of them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

This phantom was left behind by Zhu Jin.

"This..." How would Xiao Yan know that this formation was set up by his master Zhu Jin, no wonder he felt familiar.

"No, I have to go down."

"My brother's breath is right down there."

"I think this is the last chance, and I don't want to miss it." Mu Yingying said with a serious face, with an extremely rare firmness on her pretty face.

"Your brother..."

"Is it Yanchi?" Suddenly, seeing Mu Yingying's appearance like this, Xiao Yan had a bold guess in his heart.

"Flaming?"

"Who is that?"

"My brother is not Yanchi." Mu Yingying was taken aback by Xiao Yan's sudden question, and she immediately refused.

"Isn't it..." Xiao Yan slowly shook his head.

Mu Yingying has the power of holy flame in her body, and Yan Chi in the deepest part of the underground palace also possesses holy flame, which is easy to associate with.

In addition, due to the mutual attraction among the holy flames, when entering the Fairy Moon Ruins, Zhu Jin once borrowed the source of holy flames from himself. I think it is also related to the plan to save Yanchi, but I don't know how things are going now. how's it going.

But one thing is certain, Zhujin must be in the underground palace at this time, otherwise there will be no formation left by Zhujin on the third floor of the underground palace.

"Can this formation be broken?" After some investigation, Mu Yingying found that she could not break the formation in front of her, and immediately asked for help.

"I'll try it." Seeing Mu Yingying's unexpected stalemate, Xiao Yan didn't want to delay, and Xiao Yan understood this kind of longing for the separation of relatives.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a while, the formation blocking the road was broken by Xiao Yan.

This formation came from Zhu Jin's hand. Although it was powerful, Zhu Jin still underestimated Xiao Yan's strength.

Moreover, Xiao Yan was very smart and deliberately set up a blinding technique for the formation, so even Zhu Jin did not sense that the formation he had set was broken.

"It's done." Xiao Yan clapped his hands and said softly.

"Xiao Yan, let me ask you a question." Mu Yingying suddenly spoke out of a whim while watching Xiao Yan solve the formation.

"What's the problem?" Xiao Yan turned around and asked.

"If many people want to kill me in the future, but you can't beat me, what will you do?" Mu Yingying opened her mouth softly, her clear pupils wide open, looking forward to Xiao Yan's answer.

"If there is such a day."

"Then ask them to crush my soul."

"Because, we are companions." Xiao Yan glanced at the space behind the formation, and then responded to Mu Yingying.

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't know that this seemingly simple sentence actually became his last life-saving talisman in the future.

"Thank you, I understand." Mu Yingying was shocked by Xiao Yan's words, but she naturally didn't care about Xiao Yan's companion.

Mu Yingying is very sensitive to her own identity. In fact, Mu Yingying wanted to explain it to Xiao Yan for a long time, but every time she spoke, she stopped because Mu Yingying was also afraid that Xiao Yan was the only one with Xiao Yan. The appearance that the Holy Flame Spirit in his body said.

It's not obvious enough, Xiao Yan's answer just now gave Mu Yingying a clear answer in her heart.

Ever since he participated in the points plundering competition and met Xiao Yan, it seems that he has also experienced many beautiful things about human beings.

But now is obviously not the time to think about these things, Mu Yingying was thinking about her brother.

"Let's go." Mu Yingying's face was extremely gloomy, she said something, and then walked straight away.

"It seems that Mu Yingying is determined to go down. Just in case, let's call Xiaoyi over." Xiao Yan said a word in his heart, and then sent a perception directly to Xiaoyi. Mu Yingying's trance did not take her too seriously.

In the burning incense pavilion, which is far away, Xiao Yi felt this information and suddenly woke up from her practice.

"Big brother called me, it seems that I have encountered some difficulties!" As soon as he finished speaking, he didn't have time to think, so he went straight to the underground palace!

Naturally, the two of Xiao Yan went all the way without hindrance, directly following the road that Fen Tian and the others had opened, heading towards the bottom of the underground palace.

The fifth floor of the underground palace.

This darkness is dark, surrounded by gloomy evil all day long.

And here, is a huge cave!

The cave is bumpy and bumpy, but on the rock, a series of evil things of different shapes are slowly inhabiting.

At the bottom of the rock and on the top of the rock, a stream of **** blood emerged. Obviously, the blood of many strong human beings gathered here. For them, it is a rare treasure.

"Get up!" After a while, a blood-red light came to here in an instant Lord Gorefiend? "The blood-red light just appeared, and immediately roared at the cave, and those creatures who were awakened by the roar suddenly looked at the blood-red figure in front of them in surprise.

"Sir, what's the matter?" Some of the powerful creatures couldn't help but speak.

"There are strong human beings approaching here, we have to cover up and evacuate." The blood demon said directly.

"This..." Although the blood demon envoy is the strongest of their blood demon clan, the **** aura in this cave is extremely strong, and it was specially created by the Xuanling King. If they are allowed to leave here, I am afraid there will be some reluctant.

"Stop talking nonsense, let's go!"

"Otherwise, when the powerful human beings arrive, all of you will have to die." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, the power of the source disappeared, and immediately left a void where it disappeared, apparently for the escape of these children.

"What should I do now?" Seeing this, the powerhouses of the Gorefiend couldn't help but look at each other.

"Let's go!" After a while, I don't know who said a word, and immediately rushed into the void and disappeared without a trace!

"Unlucky!"

"In such a good place, if you let me live for ten years, I'm afraid my strength will break through to the Nine Star Dou Emperor..."

"In another year, I will be able to break through the Eight-Star Dou Di." The intermittent voices continued to sound, but no matter how reluctant they were, they all left here. At that time, the huge **** cave on the fifth floor of the underground palace suddenly became Empty, extremely desolate!