Chapter 694: The spirit of Luoling Mountain, fall!

"Let's begin, there will inevitably be a battle between you and me." After a few minutes, Xiao Yan got up slightly, and then said to Xinyan.

"I knew that there would be such a day, I should have eaten you back when you devoured the source of holy flame." Xinyan continued to absorb the power of countless dead beasts, and said with a smile.

"In that case, you will die miserably." Xiao Yan said calmly.

Indeed, when they were in the desert mountain range, there were Immortal Master Yan and Crazy Wood. Even if the Holy Flame Spirit was strong, it would be difficult for them to bear any waves in front of them.

"Actually, I'm still a little curious."

"You do have the smell of the blood of the Xiao family, but you have nothing to do with the power of the blood, otherwise, I would not be your opponent."

"And you will have Fen Jue on you, which is very strange to me."

"Fenjue is a calamity to kill." Xinyan said slowly, as if he was winning.

"The power of blood..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and there was a hint of doubt in his eyes, what Xinyan said was not false, he had a lot of blood in his body before, but fortunately in the sky, he was exchanged for blood by his ancestor Xiao Xuan and thus possessed Xiao The blood of the clan!

"Let's fight!" Seeing this, Xinyan didn't hesitate, and the deceased beast stopped. After all, it was enough to deal with Xiao Yan at this time.

"Holy Flame Space!" Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly showed a look of determination, and then a strange power emerged directly from his body!

As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, Xiao Yan and Xinyan's bodies turned into a strange force at the same time, and instantly disappeared in place!

"Where's Xiao Yan?" Qin Xin couldn't help but be surprised when she saw this.

"It should be entering a special space." Mu Yingying said with great interest, after all, Mu Yingying also has holy flame, and she knows more about holy flame space.

"Let's deal with the Five Elements first." Mu Yingying laughed when she saw this.

"You can take the things, I don't need these things." Qin Xin pretended to be eloquent.

"Okay." Mu Yingying didn't delay, although she didn't need these things, but Xiao Yan needed them more or less, so he immediately started.

"Boom boom boom!"

"One-tailed demon fox, what are you doing!" Seeing this, the weak five-element beast hurriedly shouted.

"Let's go, let's go." At this moment, the demon fox's eyes were quite empty, and he murmured unintentionally.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the huge body of a demon fox and the blood-colored beads shattered instantly, turning into bursts of stars and dissipating in Luoling Mountain.

"Boom boom boom!" With the complete fall of a demon fox, the mysterious restriction in Luoling Mountain also slowly touched.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"what……"

"What?" The other disciples who were heading towards Wuliang Mountain first felt an extremely strong feeling of exclusion, and all of them were immediately pushed out.

"What's the situation?" Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi, who were guarding the entrance to the three major mountain ranges, felt some strange fluctuations and looked at each other immediately!

"Master Xiong..." Zhu Yuan was still rushing towards Wuliang Mountain, but he only felt a dizziness in his mind, and then he appeared directly at the entrance of the three major mountain ranges!

As if some terrifying force directly pushed them out!

Zhu Yuan had just appeared, and he saw Xiong Yuan at first sight, followed by Mufeng Green Flute, including several members of their team, but Qin Xin and Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying three people!

"You stay here and don't move!"

"Mu Xuzi, go!" Seeing this, Xiong Yuan hurriedly realized that something was wrong, and he couldn't care about too much, so he shot directly at the entrance of the three major mountain ranges!

Even in the face of extremely terrifying oppressive power, Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi could only bite the bullet. After all, Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Qin Xin were of too great value to Fenxiang Pavilion!

"Where are Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying?" Seeing the eager expressions of the two deputy hall masters, Mu Feng immediately asked in doubt.

"I don't know, but it should still be among the three major mountain ranges..." Green Flute hesitated and said slightly.

"He's a man with a lot of luck." Mu Feng smiled when he heard the words, and then looked around.

"Those guys should be the local team..."

"One, two, three, four, why is there one person missing?" Green Dip's sharp eyes instantly realized something was wrong.

"It seems that some people in the ground team also entered the Boundless Mountain." Mu Feng said slightly.

After speaking, the eyes of the ground team and Mu Feng directly met.

"Are these guys the ones from the Human Palace..."

"It is said that there is also a rumored guy whose name seems to be Xiao Yan." Zhang Wumeng said with a smile, and then stared at Wang Chen among the four.

When Wang Chen heard the words, his brows instantly wrinkled. He was quite critical of Zhang Wumeng's ridicule, but he didn't open his mouth because of his face.

"Wang Chen, what is the strength of that Xiao Yan?" Fourth Senior Brother Xingyu asked slightly.

As for Xiao Yan, even the four extremely tyrannical people in their temple have heard of it.

Legend has it that he defeated many teams by himself, killed the twin ghost emperors, won the first place in the points competition, and joined the Hall of People.

"Very strong." Wang Chen glanced at Xingyu and couldn't help saying.

As for Xiao Yan, Wang Chen is very clear that Xiao Yan didn't use all his strength at the beginning, he was defeating himself, if he used all his strength, I'm afraid...

"Forget it, let's go first." Zhu Yuan heard the words and glanced at the three major mountain ranges behind, and seemed to find something in his eyes.

"Why did you leave..." Wang Chen glanced at Zhu Yuan, puzzled.

"Let's go, this place should be collapsing." Zhang Wumeng said, and then went directly to the exit of Luoling Mountain. As for the three of Mu Feng, they stayed where they were.

"Let's go too, the space here is extremely unstable, and I'm afraid it is extremely dangerous." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he took the three to leave At that time, only Mu Feng was left in the Luoling Mountain. Yingying, Qinxin and Xiao Yan.

In addition to Xinyan and the weak Five Elements Beast, as well as Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi.

"It seems that you have a better understanding of the holy flame." In the holy flame space, Xinyan was surrounded by the power of the khaki holy flame. In addition to the power of the dead beasts that he had just absorbed, his heart at this time was The rock is extremely eerie.

"It's still thanks to you." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

Although this is the sacred flame space, it will more or less suppress the heart rock. After all, the core rock has already swallowed the power of the dead beast, and it is no longer a pure holy flame spirit.

"Come out." Xiao Yan said softly, and suddenly in the sea of ​​fighting qi, an extremely gorgeous crystal suddenly appeared in the holy flame space!

As this holy flame crystal just appeared in the holy flame space, the air in the holy flame space suddenly seemed to solidify!

"Sheng Yanjing..." Seeing this, Xinyan's eyes were quite fiery!

This holy flame crystal is loaded with the power of the holy flame source. If you want to completely absorb the holy flame, this holy flame crystal is essential!

"Give it to me!" Xinyan shouted loudly, and the huge force suddenly attacked Xiao Yan, trying to directly **** the holy flame crystal back.

"The Spirit of Holy Flame, it's time to end." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a strange smile flickered in the corner of his mouth, staring at Xinyan.

Xinyan only felt that she seemed to have fallen into some kind of trap, as if she had no idea!

Ask for tickets!