Chapter Vol 2 726: Dougie Pavilion

The sensation caused by the Tongtianhe incident, with the appearance of Xiao Yan, many gossips gradually subsided, but many disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion knew that from then on, among their Burning Incense Pavilion, the There will be an outstanding disciple who will always be remembered by future generations.

Xiao Yan!

For nothing else, it was because Xiao Yan stayed at the top of the Tongtian River, the ninth-level cultivation cave, for a full two months, breaking the 20-day history of the Burning Incense Pavilion since its establishment.

And when this sensational event just came to an end, the Dou Ji Pavilion of Fenxiang Pavilion also arrived as scheduled to open.

Dou Ji Pavilion, this is a major feature of Burning Incense Pavilion.

It can be said unceremoniously that in the entire Xuantian three days, except for the Fenxiang Pavilion, which will clearly show some precious fighting skills for the disciples to practice, no other sect will do this!

This has also created one of the reasons why Burning Incense Pavilion has always been respected by everyone in Xuan Santian.

After all, many sects love the deep fighting skills and exercises of their respective sects like treasures. Unless the disciples make a significant contribution, they will not easily give it to others to practice, otherwise, what if others learn to practice and run away?

But Burning Incense Pavilion is different.

In Fenxiang Pavilion, as long as you can comprehend and have a first glimpse of the door, then any sect disciple can learn the advanced martial arts and fighting skills. Even if you leave the sect, Fenxiang Pavilion will not say a word. .

This is the uniqueness of the Fenxiang Pavilion, because the Fenxiang Pavilion knows that even if a disciple leaves the sect, he is still a disciple of the Fenxiang Pavilion. This root cause will not change.

In the early morning, the sun was scattered, and many disciples of Burning Incense Pavilion got up early. After all, today was a rare good day.

There are countless fighting skills in the Dou Ji Pavilion in the Burning Incense Pavilion. Among them, there are many immortal-level fighting skills that are hard to find in the outside world, and even the holy-rank fighting skills are emerging one after another.

The Dou Ji Pavilion is divided into four floors, of which the first and second floors are open around the clock. After all, most of the martial arts and fighting skills placed in these two floors are at or below the celestial rank.

This level of fighting skills may be extremely terrifying under the Dou Di, but at the Dou Di level, it is no longer enough.

As for the third floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion, although it is open around the clock, its strength is not at the level of a six-star Dou Emperor, so the guards will not let people in, because the terrifying power contained in the Dou Ji exercises, if the strength is not enough, I am afraid will cause indelible damage.

As for the highest level of the Dou Ji Pavilion, it is also the fourth level.

The normal situation here is not open. After all, there are few fighting skills here, but without exception, the fighting skills that can be stored here are all holy rank.

However, the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion will be opened every six years in order to let all the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion try it out. Fish leap from the Dragon Gate to become a Xeon!

"Cough cough cough."

"Everyone, be quiet." The figures of Mu Xuzi and Xiong Yuan slowly appeared in the air, and they were quite satisfied with today's lineup of thousands of disciples.

However, even if the two of them appeared, many disciples did not find out where the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion was.

The things stored in the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion are rare treasures, and there are no restrictions. It can be tried by the outstanding disciples of the three halls of heaven, earth and people, and even the old monks who sweep the ground.

As long as you are a disciple of Burning Incense Pavilion, even if your strength is mediocre, you still have the qualifications to enter.

"Everyone, be quiet, the two deputy hall masters are here." At this time, there was already a sea of ​​people in front of the open space, but after a while, a beautiful figure spoke slowly.

With the opening of this beautiful shadow, the surroundings suddenly became quiet, and they all knew that the beautiful shadow who opened the mouth was Ling Xuan, the daughter of the current temple master.

"It seems that you little witch also has a role in critical moments." Xingyu on the side said with some amusing.

"Fourth Senior Brother!" When Ling Xuan saw this, she couldn't help but let out a coquettish anger. Most of the time, her own senior brothers made fun of herself.

"Hahaha, it's okay, I'm going to enter the Dou Ji Pavilion today. I don't know how many disciples in the Dou Ji Pavilion will learn advanced Dou Ji exercises." Xingyu, who Lingxuan called the fourth senior brother, smiled slightly. road.

Today these disciples, no matter who they are, even if they have learned a powerful fighting technique, the beneficiary is the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"I don't know if Xiao Yan and the others are here..." Ling Xuan glanced around and then spoke.

At this time, a large team of thousands of people, Ling Xuan and a few people stood at the front, so at first glance, they did not find any trace of Xiao Yan.

"Everyone be quiet." After a while, Xiong Yuan in mid-air said directly.

The sound contained a huge amount of power, making the already noisy place quiet in an instant.

After all, the strength of these disciples are mostly five-star Dou Emperors, and there are very few six-star Dou-Emperors. As for the seven-star Dou-Emperors, I am afraid that only the second senior brother of the Earth Hall, Zhu Yuan.

Seven-star Doudi, this can already be a listed elder of these super sects, as for the eight-star Doudi, it is a real elder.

"Today is the day when the fourth floor of our Burning Incense Pavilion is open."

"This time, the opening of the Dou Ji Pavilion is as usual. All floors 1 to 4 are open. Among them, all people on the fourth floor can enter, but those who have not reached the six-star Dou Emperor's strength need to be accompanied by the person in charge. After all, the fourth floor of the Dou Ji Pavilion is the fourth floor. Although the things in the layer are tempting, the crisis should not be underestimated, everyone should do what they can."

"One month limit." Xiong Yuan Zaidu said.

"Okay!"

"Fantastic!"

"This time, I must learn the treasure of our palace!" As Xiong Yuanhua's voice just fell, thousands of disciples around him said impassively, and the high emotions were obvious.

"It seems that there are indeed many things in this Dou Skill Pavilion." Xiao Yan stood in the middle of a thousand people, and the number of people here exceeded Xiao Yan's imagination. Hundreds of people are almost the same, but how could there be such a thousand-person team.

"There are holy rank fighting skills in this fighting skill pavilion, and holy rank fighting skills play a decisive role in the battle of the Dou Emperor powerhouse." Mu Feng explained slightly.

"In this Douji Pavilion, there is the treasure of the Hall of People, the ruler of the sky."

"Moving the Sky Ruler is something that even the Master Golden Dragon King was amazed at."

"But no one has cultivated for so many years, I'm afraid it's interesting." Xiao Yan said to himself, but he didn't mean to be afraid.

"The Dou Ji Pavilion is coming out..." But the next moment, with the sudden change in the palms of Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi, an extremely strange force suddenly burst out.

In the next instant, a stone gate slowly appeared behind the two of them.

The stone gate is extremely simple, but it gives everyone a sense of daze. It seems that there is an extremely tyrannical power in this stone gate!

Through the stone gate, Xiao Yan could clearly feel the meaning of vicissitudes in the stone gate. This kind of thing is a symbol of the heritage of a sect. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: