Chapter 363: A woman fused with energy bodies!

"Boom boom boom!" When the green energy in the immortal sword poured into Xiao Yan's brain control center, the magical conch shell that Xiao Yan had taken out from the sea suddenly emitted an extremely dazzling blue light. , and then gathered directly towards Xiao Yan's forehead!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha, I succeeded!" The green power also slowly let out a very happy voice, because it has come to the depths of Xiao Yan's brain, and the control center is close at hand, as long as the control of this control center is taken away, then In other words, it is another kind of rebirth.

After all, no matter what, it is just an energy body. If you get this body, you will be reborn!

The next moment, the green power didn't hesitate, and suddenly walked towards the mysterious light group in front of him!

That mysterious light group is the control center deep in Xiao Yan's brain!

"Shabu!" At this critical moment of survival, a blue light also emerged instantly, and then slowly surrounded the green power!

"Damn it, what is this!" Green Power also said viciously.

Then it also discovered that since the blue light appeared, a fear that made it spontaneously spread out.

"Boom boom boom!" The blue light just appeared in the control center that extended out of Xiao Yan's brain, and the next moment it suddenly exploded, and an invisible shock wave also slowly radiated from the depths of Xiao Yan's brain!

"Not good!" The green power also realized something at the next moment, and then suddenly and quickly escaped from Xiao Yan's body...

Because in addition to the repelling of the blue light, a mysterious rune engraved with the word "magic movement" also appeared slowly!

In the mysterious rune, an extremely greedy aura also pervaded the green power!

"Cough cough..." In a few breaths, the green power also left the depths of Xiao Yan's brain and appeared in the outer space.

At the same time, Xiao Yan was also shaken violently, regained control over his body, and then the immortal sword in his hand suddenly swung and fell directly to the ground.

Xiao Yan looked at the mysterious conch on his chest and murmured, "Thanks."

The conch seemed to be quite benevolent and wise, and when she heard the words, it slowly dimmed.

At the same time, in the depths of Xiao Yan's brain, the core inscription of the divine movement of life also slowly returned to the Ni Gong Wan.

"Cough, cough..." In the green light, a very gentle female voice also appeared slowly.

"Haha, you actually want to invade my body." Xiao Yan also said viciously to the green light in front of him, and the next moment the milky white flames in his hands gathered together, ready to attack at any time.

"Actually, I'm also curious about whether you are a residual power or a trace of your soul." The Golden Dragon King saw that the green power made some noises, apparently injured by the mysterious conch in Xiao Yan's body, and also said.

"Humph!" In the green light, a coquettish anger also appeared immediately, and then Xiao Yan and the three suddenly saw that the green light slowly dissipated, and a human-like woman appeared alive!

The woman has long hair and a long skirt to set off her figure perfectly, and her delicate face has some wind marks, which is obviously due to the passage of time.

"What is this?" When Xiao Yan saw this woman for the first time, a strange feeling came to her!

That feeling was as if the woman in front of him was not a human being, because Xiao Yan, relying on his enormous soul power and spiritual power, could not feel even a trace of human aura from the woman in front of him.

"It's showing its original shape now." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly.

"Haha, it turned out to be an energy body."

"However, your energy body has existed for too long, and it's really not simple to be able to transform with strength." Long Yi also saw the identity of this woman at a glance, and then said.

"Energized form?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also thought blankly.

I heard from my master Golden Dragon King before that it is not ruled out that there are some mysterious powers. After experiencing possession, I never imagined that the power remaining in the fairy sword would actually have it.

"Haha, I have to thank you for this." The woman also glared at Long Yi, then said coquettishly.

"Me?" Long Yi was surprised when he heard the words.

"When the three fighting immortal powerhouses cast this immortal sword, it cost a lot of money, but this immortal sword was not opened, and later learned of your existence through some news, the three of them just thought Incorporating you into this fairy sword and sword spirit, so that in Kaifeng, the power of the fairy sword will also be more terrifying by leaps and bounds."

"As for me, the power that was injected into the fairy sword by the three people at the beginning was very small at first, but then slowly absorbed the power in that secret realm, and was also hidden in the fairy sword, so that I have now It's me." The woman didn't seem to be afraid of Xiao Yan and the others, but continued to say lightly.

"In that case, you should really thank me."

"But from now on, you won't exist anymore!" Long Yi also said with a smile, the next moment, the breath suddenly burst out, and then attacked the woman.

"Kill it, I'm just an energy body." The woman also smiled slightly, and there was an extremely rare banter in her voice.

"Wait a minute When I saw that Long Yi was about to attack the woman, the woman seemed to be okay, and the Golden Dragon King also stopped Long Yi.

"What else is there?"

"Kill me, you can also completely control this fairy sword, why not?" The woman also asked rhetorically.

"What's the relationship between you and that stone!" The Golden Dragon King also kept turning over the woman and the meteor in his pupils, and then said.

"Sure enough..."

"Have you been discovered..." The woman also laughed at herself.

"You really know!" Xiao Yan heard the words and finally understood the calculus in this woman's heart!

The reason why this woman dares to be so arrogant is that she knows some secrets of the mysterious meteorite, so she has no fear in the face of Long Yi's attack!

"Tell me, you know the secrets about this meteorite." The Golden Dragon King also stared at the woman with a smile, and a faint wave slowly spread out.

"Hehe, is this the most terrifying Golden Dragon King in the dragon clan?"

"It really lives up to its reputation!"

"But I also know that I am just an energy body at this time, and it is impossible for the three of you to be an opponent, but one thing is certain..."

"If it wasn't for me, you would never have gotten that mysterious meteorite!"

"I can't even leave here alive!" The woman also smiled slightly, but the absolute confidence in her voice could not be concealed.

Ask for tickets!