Chapter Vol 4 1943: Xiao Yan and the demon emperor's agreement!

"This guy, what the **** is going on?" In the cave of Yaoyuan, the black evil dragon wolf kept guarding Xiao Yan's side, looking at Xiao Yan who was motionless, he couldn't help muttering.

Although this place is also within the Demon Fate Cave, but the aurora area here is just the tip of the iceberg. In addition to the mystery of the cave, the Black Devil Dragon Wolf is also extremely nervous.

Xiao Yan stood quietly on the land of aurora. The original power of the Three Realms Divine Art had slowly dissipated, and calm was restored here, but the strange thing was that three groups of extremely strange sealing powers emerged around him. This power was clearly The power that sealed the Demon Emperor, but how could it now appear beside Xiao Yan?

Just ask that level of power, even the demon emperor is moved by it, let alone a small seven-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

All kinds of questions plagued the Heisha Dragon Wolf, making him helpless, walking back and forth on the land of aurora for a while, obviously extremely irritable.

"Hush!" With a sound, the beast of flames that had been quiet suddenly opened its eyes, stared at Xiao Yan, and roared, as if something had changed in Xiao Yan.

"Weng Om!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's body suddenly burst into a dazzling five-color arc of fire, which instantly absorbed the power of the three groups, and the place returned to calm.

"Senior Dragon Wolf." Xiao Yan just opened his eyes when he spoke to the latter with a smile, and his voice was filled with strange fluctuations.

"You kid?"

"Are you alright?" The Heisha Longlang couldn't help but stare at Xiao Yan, for fear that the hero of the demon world would suffer any loss.

"Ouch!" For a while, the flame beast was as cheerful as a porcelain doll, and ran to Xiao Yan's side with a single stride. Relying on the fluff on his body, he vigorously hopped on Xiao Yan's arm, and his appearance was quite intimate.

"You bastard." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and immediately stroked the fur of the flame beast with his palm.

"You're awake." After the breath, the void in the land of aurora wriggled, and a figure above all things stepped out and said softly.

That is the demon emperor.

"Senior Demon Emperor." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's eyes darkened and he respected him, but the Demon Emperor now seems to be completely different from when he just broke the seal.

Moreover, the strength of this demon emperor is definitely the strongest he has ever seen in his life. Unless his master, the Golden Dragon King, returns to his peak, he will not be able to compare with him, not to mention that this guy seems to have a close relationship with their Xiao clan. Naturally very kind.

"The demon world has now calmed down." The demon emperor said.

"What a terrifying reincarnation powerhouse." Listening to the demon emperor's understatement, Xiao Yan and Heisha Longlang couldn't help but feel a terrifying wave in their hearts.

"I do have something left by the patriarch of the Xiao clan that needs to be handed over to you." After a deep voice, the demon emperor also said with a strange expression, it seems that there are countless dazzling divine powers in those eyes, which is on Xiao Yan's body. Circle back and forth.

What is the demon emperor hesitating about!

"Senior, please..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't say much. He suddenly clasped his fists with both hands, and bowed to the Demon Emperor in a big salute, waiting for the Demon Emperor's answer.

"Forget it, let's just let it go in the future." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, the Demon Emperor also smiled casually, obviously he had already made a decision.

"Xiao Yan, a descendant of the Xiao family, thank the predecessors!" Xiao Yan hurriedly exclaimed with joy.

"You don't need to thank me. Then again, this time the demon world is in a disaster. If it weren't for your help, I'm afraid our demon world would be in jeopardy."

"In the end, I should thank you." The demon emperor's voice was quite calm, but there was an inherent domineering in it. That kind of aura was indescribable, but it was enough to make people surrender.

"By the way, Dragon Wolf, I smelled some familiar fluctuations in the Demon Suppression Prison..."

"Is that kind of power hers?" After speaking to Xiao Yan, the Demon Emperor turned his head slowly and asked the Heisha Longwolf.

"Lord... This subordinate is incompetent. When escorting Lord Xiao Yan to the sealed land, he lost to a powerful enemy and had to be rescued by Mistress Liu Yun, so she was deeply attacked by the four-winged angel of the Holy See, and now I am afraid that her life and death are unknown. "In the eyes of the black dragon wolf, there was a burst of anger, and even the body shook involuntarily.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan clearly felt the humming of countless voids in this cave, and it seemed that the demon emperor would burst open the next moment.

"It's not your fault." After Shun breathed, it seemed that the demon emperor was trying his best to suppress the anger in his body, and immediately closed his eyes and muttered.

"Xiao Yan, I have something to ask for." The entire land of Aurora was deadly quiet, and the Demon Emperor spoke a few minutes later.

"Senior, please tell me." Xiao Yan also noticed something and said.

"If you can, when you return to Dou Di Continent, please help me covertly and secretly help her."

"I just want to rescue Liu Yun." In the voice of the demon emperor, there was less domineering, but more love between children.

"Although I don't dare to make a ticket, leave this matter to me." After Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, he nodded.

"I just broke the seal now, and the tyrant has disappeared. It will take a lot of time to find it. In addition to my strength, I have to adjust my strength to the peak because of the increase in the cave."

"And unifying the demon world, etc., I still need a lot of time."

"When I finish dealing with these matters, I will go to Dou Di Continent to start a war with the Holy See."

"At all costs." The soft voice echoed on the land of Aurora, but every character contained a touch of power that shook the world.

"But Master, one of the Holy See's strongholds is on the Douyun Continent, the core of the Dou Di Continent. The four-winged angel is likely to bind the hostess somewhere."

"The power of the Holy See above Douyun Continent not only possesses the three major red-clothed archbishops, but even the Pope's priests, etc..." Heishan Longlang was also extremely worried at this time.

"Don't worry, this guy is the embryo of the king of beasts in the demon world. I will let him grow up in a very short period of time, and then I will hand the entire demon world into its hands." The demon emperor said softly.

"Sure enough..." Xiao Yan said with relief after listening to the demon emperor's plan.

This flaming beast is the king of all beasts. It was only because of some chance and coincidence that he was able to evolve by luck. Now that it has returned to the demon world, it has the teachings of the demon emperor, and Xiao Yan is also relieved.

"Little guy, this is your home in the future, remember to cultivate and protect it." After Shunxi, Xiao Yan touched the cheek of the flame beast with a smile, and smiled gently.

"Home..." At this moment, the flaming beast looked at it with such a smile, but it suddenly noticed something, and tears flickered in the beast's eyes, dripping uncontrollably.

That feeling, as if the thing I liked most suddenly disappeared, was extremely heart-wrenching.

It's parting, it's leaving.

But all separations are foreshadowing for a better reunion next time.

Accompanying him for a long time, coupled with Xiao Yan's protection and giving, let this king of beasts, who is still growing, keep Xiao Yan's emaciated figure in his heart, and it will never be extinguished.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: