Chapter Vol 2 743: Xiao Yan's plan

"Since the two of you have decided, then we won't say more, remember, until the point is reached, if the power of your shot is too great, the two of us will immediately shoot!" Mu Xuzi naturally knew what Xiao Yan was thinking at this time. What, so the exit.

However, Mu Xuzi still has some fear in his heart. After all, the two people in front of him, whether it is strength or talent, are both talented people for Fenxiang Pavilion, and it is not good for anyone to be injured.

"Zhu Yuan, don't do anything hard, otherwise..." Xiong Yuan heard the words, and hurriedly used his soul power to send voice transmission to Zhu Yuan!

This Xiao Yan has just successfully cultivated the treasure of their human palace. If there is any mistake at this time, I am afraid that Mu Xuzi can directly turn their palace into chaos!

"Don't worry, although Zhu Yuan Qixing Dou Emperor is powerful, I believe in Xiao Yan. After all, he killed the twin ghost emperors, broke the Tongtianhe record, and now breaks the history of our human hall, so I believe in him. "Mu Xuzi naturally noticed Xiong Yuan's little thing, and immediately snorted coldly, his voice full of expectations for Xiao Yan.

"Cough, cough..." Xiong Yuan coughed awkwardly when he heard the words, but Xiong Yuanye was quite touched by what Mu Xuzi said. One of these things can be a coincidence. If all of them are added together, then It's not as simple as a coincidence, even at this time, Xiong Yuan is looking forward to the outcome of this battle.

"Retreat!" The next moment, before everyone could react, Xiong Yuan and Mu Xuzi suddenly emerged with the dazzling energy of life, and immediately imprisoned a space that was a hundred feet in size in front of them!

The imprisoned space of this generation is the place where Xiao Yan and Zhu Yuan fought. After all, the energy ripples produced by the Six Star Dou Emperor and the Seven Star Dou Emperor are not comparable to ordinary Dou Emperor powerhouses.

"Have you been waiting for this day for a long time?" Zhu Yuan slowly left the crowd, and then walked towards the sky shrouded in energy, not forgetting to talk to Xiao Yan on the way.

"Aren't you?" Xiao Yan calmly said to Zhu Yuan.

However, I have to say that this Zhu Yuan can sit on the position of the second senior brother of the earth hall because of his pride. After all, Xiao Yan's soul power just told himself that this guy is definitely not simple, and he is definitely a dangerous person!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because even if he was far away, Xiao Yan could smell an extremely dangerous aura from his body.

"After passing the six-star Dou Emperor life calamity, the energy of life will appear in the body, and after breaking through the seven-star Dou Emperor, the energy of life in the body will be given attributes. My attribute is the same as my previous Dou Qi attribute, which is fire. ."

"But I'm a little surprised why there is no vitality in your body?" Zhu Yuan stared at Xiao Yan in surprise.

"Haha, it's just life force. If you don't like it, it doesn't condense. On the contrary, I still prefer fighting spirit." As for Zhu Yuan's question, Xiao Yan naturally went over to him.

"Since that's the case, let's fight. I also really want to try your Human Palace's powerful fighting skills. It's just on the surface." Zhu Yuan said in a calm voice, but the fiery fighting intent beneath his voice could not be concealed.

"Use all your strength." Facing Zhu Yuan's opening, Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"Haha, if you do your best, wait until you are qualified." Zhu Yuan said undeniably.

It is undeniable that Xiao Yan's strength is tyrannical. He not only possesses a huge soul power, but also possesses such wonders as holy flames. In addition, he has just learned the hidden fighting skills of the Human Temple. Xiao also put a lot of pressure on Zhu Yuan.

However, Zhu Yuan has some confidence in him. If Xiao Yan is not as powerful as he imagined, then there is no need to use his full strength.

"Everywhere, I hope you will have the strength to say these words in a while!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly.

"Start!" The next moment, Zhu Yuan didn't talk nonsense with Xiao Yan, he directly lifted off, and said a word immediately.

"Immortal body!"

"Emperor Yan!" At the beginning of the battle, Xiao Yan called out his two major means of self-defense. With the appearance of the golden immortal body and the splendid Emperor Yan, the space enveloped by the dazzling power of Mu Xuzi and Mu Xuzi suddenly disappeared. Exudes a very hot feeling.

"The body of a fighting emperor..."

"And this strange flame, you have a lot of secrets in your body." Facing Xiao Yan's second major means, Zhu Yuan did not stop it, but let him use it.

"The first level of the seventh level of breaking the sky ruler!" Xiao Yan naturally didn't have time to talk nonsense with Zhu Yuan, so he took the initiative to attack directly with a quick attitude.

"Hehe, a good attack, but it's of no use to me." The dazzling flaming giant ruler just came to Zhu Yuan's side, and was immediately bounced off by Zhu Yuan with one hand, as if it was easy.

"The powerhouses in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di are really powerful, but my attack is not to hurt you." Xiao Yan said slowly in his heart, and then he did not care about Zhu Yuan, and condensed the seventh level on his own. The second and third feet of the sky-breaking ruler attacked Zhu Yuan!

Although these attacks were also easily resolved by Zhu Yuan, the flames were not so easy to dissipate, and they slowly clinged to this space, like a bomb that exploded at any time!

"My good fellow, I really underestimate you!" After a while, Zhu Yuan also noticed something was wrong with Xiao Yan, and immediately drank it coldly, and then without hesitation, the dazzling fire-attribute energy all over his body started to run, constantly facing Xiao Yan. Attack away!

Faced with such a powerful attack from Zhu Yuan, Xiao Yan immediately felt a little tired, but fortunately, having an immortal body relieved a lot of burdens for Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan was not so uncomfortable.

"I just want to prove the fighting skills of your Human Temple."

"Let's do it."

"One move is enough, otherwise you won't be able to consume me if you go on like this." Zhu Yuan also knew Xiao Yan's thoughts, and immediately said.

However, although Zhu Yuan's guess was correct, Xiao Yan didn't use the same method as him. The purpose of the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler he just used was to make this space aura of flame and Prepare for the next battle.

"I don't know if the sky-moving ruler's phantom is correct. Moving the sky ruler is just an application and borrowing of power, and it can be any power."

"I don't know how strong the Heaven Shifting Ruler can be with my holy flame power?"

"Now this space has been rendered with the breath of flames, and it also meets the conditions for casting the Holy Flame Shifting Sky Ruler."

"Zhu Yuan, since you are so urgent, then I will use you to try this great gift I have carefully prepared for you!" Xiao Yan quickly said a few words in his heart, and then the power of holy flame suddenly emerged, At the same time, the temperature in this space has risen sharply, and even the flames scattered all over the place just because of the seventh layer of breaking the sky are alive!

"His grandma's."

"Can you not be so shameless?"

"Have Sheng Yan been used?" Xiong Yuan outside the space couldn't help but swear, if Xiao Yan even used the power of Sheng Yan, I'm afraid Zhu Yuan's chances of winning are extremely slim, after all Sheng Yan is not just talking. It's so scary!

"Hehe, I'm a little bit looking forward to what kind of tricks the kid can come up with." Mu Xuzi smiled slowly, and then stared at the two of them.

The other Lingxuan, Qinxin, Mu Yingying and some of the disciples were also staring at the space, Xiao Yan, who was covered with the power of the khaki holy flame, and Zhu Yuan, who was covered with the power of red life.

Ask for tickets!

Guarantee the bottom three, I don't know how many will be released, the latest will be released at 8 pm