Chapter Vol 4 1669: The spirit of the ancient tree, the strange little beast!

"How could it be... unscathed?" Seeing the rebellious smile and tone of the Demon Guard, the strong people present were full of shock.

"This guy's aura of light is too tyrannical, and he has a lot of restraint on us. It's not the way to go on like this." Deng Qing was at the front of the team, looking at the demon guard with bright eyes, and said, the attack just now gathered them. Nearly half of the power of the two, such a terrifying attack actually left him unscathed, which could not help but shake his heart.

"What's the matter now?" Yu Xiao also looked cold and asked, the strength of this demon guard is far beyond the imagination of the two of them.

"By the way, why haven't the disciples of the Senate ever met..." For a while, it seemed that they suddenly remembered something, and everyone couldn't help but say.

Although the disciples of the Senate are not the most powerful, the Qimen Armor Technique they control has unexpected effects.

"Hahaha!"

"A group of ants, accept the trial and punishment!"

"Spirit of the ancient tree, come out!" After a while, the bright aura on the palm of the Demon Guard turned into a ray of light, blasting away at the lines on the ancient tree, as if he wanted to destroy the ancient tree. What kind of creature living in the ancient tree is drawn out.

"Get up!" When the other three figures in black robes saw this, they snorted coldly at the same time. Immediately, four milky white powers rushed towards them. Such surging power made the always quiet ancient tree tremble all over, wrapping the Wuzhi Mountain. The green vines erupted with strong shock waves, and the scene was quite terrifying.

"not good!"

"Stop them!" At this moment, You Er's heart was filled with shock!

She didn't know what tyrannical power was contained in this ancient tree, but she knew that once they were completely awakened by these things, I am afraid that these people would only have a dead end.

When everyone heard the words, their pupils were filled with indifference, and when they looked up, they only felt a depressing aura pervading.

"That's too late!"

"Boom!" A burst of energy ripples spread out like a tide, and suddenly a sound like a shock ripple traveling through time and space filled out.

"Hoohoho!" Then a deafening roar was completely exposed.

"This is... a tree spirit?" Looking at the strange creature that fell off the ancient tree, the strong person present couldn't help frowning.

This is a rather cute little beast, with fluffy gray feathers all over its body, only the size of a human head, and its appearance is no different from an ordinary kitten and puppy, except that there are extremely ferocious and exquisite lines on the abdomen and feet. , emerged, and even under the gray fluff, a trace of gray flames danced like a elf!

"The spirit of the ancient tree, we woke you up... So, kill them for me!" After a while, the demon guard looked at the little beast and said with a smile.

The strength of the Demon Guard is far more than that of the powerhouses of the same level, and the two attributes of evil and light make them more powerful. If they are not afraid to use all their strength, they will be discovered by the senior management of Li Soul Domain, and they will not be awakened by large means. The spirit of the ancient tree, with the help of this guy's power to obliterate you.

However, the purpose of awakening the spirit of the ancient tree was to obtain immortal fire. After all, Xiao Yan and others were just some ants that the devil Wei got rid of.

"Hoohoho." The little beast was naive, but after a while, his eyes were fixed on the black robe Xia Mu Wushuang next to the demon guard, and the beast's pupils kept turning, as if he was thinking about something.

"This guy... seems to have a similar aura to Xiao Zhuoma?" After blinking his eyes, Xiao Yan also felt strange. This little beast clearly contained a monstrous and arrogant aura. At first glance, it was a strange beast from ancient times. , but surprising.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just when everyone was puzzled, the little beast's nose seemed to smell something, and then the figure suddenly killed Mu Wushuang under the black robe.

Don't underestimate this little beast, that speed and destructive power, even a normal five-star fighting immortal early stage powerhouse, never possessed it.

"asshole!"

"What are you doing?" When Mu Wushuang saw this, his pressure immediately increased, his speed skyrocketed, and he cursed.

"Hoohoho!" The little beast is still chasing this guy relentlessly, and the beast's pupils are quite resentful, as if Mu Wushuang stole the little beast's favorite thing.

"Go!"

"Stop them, I will deal with the little beast."

"If you are hiding, I won't be polite." Xiao Yan was covered in flames, snorted coldly at the few people behind him, and then his figure skyrocketed, chasing after the little beast.

"Do it!" At the same time, the other powerhouses also turned into a stream of light, entangling the four demon guards. This time, they were not hiding and tucking, and they would meet each other in the true sense, because they knew that if they were caught by this If the four demon guards succeed, I am afraid that they will never die, and they will be completely missed.

"The thing in this guy's body seems to be the Spirit of Holy Flame. It seems that I guessed it right." Just as Mu Wushuang was desperately escaping, a trace of black energy squirmed under the black robe, revealing a cunning aura. The aura is impressively similar to that of the Heaven's Chosen under the Senate, but it is fleeting.

"Stop for me!"

"Damn it!" Mu Wushuang kept moving, but he found that no matter how he moved, the little beast kept chasing after him, and the attack wave from this little guy was stronger than ever.

"Uuuu." I don't know what aura was spreading, and a rather immature voice emerged from under the black robe.

"Huhuhu!" Hearing the appearance of this voice the little beast became even more angry, its aura became sharp, and it roared at Mu Wushuang with its teeth and claws.

"This beast has something to do with this little girl."

"Looks like it's time to hurry." As soon as he finished speaking, the petite figure in the black robe was hiding, and Mu Wushuang's body became violent.

"The dignified guy from the ghost kingdom is actually willing to be the subordinate of the Demon Guard. If this matter spreads out, I'm afraid..." After a while, Xiao Yan's voice poured into Mu Wushuang's ears. Obviously at this time, Xiao Yan and the little beast are the same camp.

"Susu..."

"What do you know!"

"Ghost fog!" A ray of blood shot out from Mu Wushuang's black robe, and immediately completely enveloped it, and a heart-pounding wave filled the air.

"Hoohoho!" The little beast was still reluctant, sticking out its furry front paws and grabbing its **** glow.

"Kacha." With a sound, I didn't know what was in the **** glow. After the blink of an eye, Xiao Zhuoma's figure was directly taken out of the **** glow by the little beast, and the moon fog that Mu Wushuang turned into weakened. .

"Ah ah ah!" With the appearance of this voice and the departure of Xiao Zhuoma, Mu Wushuang's deafening roar sounded in the **** glow!

"This time, I must make you pay the price!"

"With my blood, with my soul!".

"The road to sacrifice the soul, welcome the soul!"

"Weng buzzing!" The voice fell, and the blood mist shook uncontrollably, turning into a gloomy black road that directly connected to the void in the sky. At the end of the black road, there seemed to be some tyrannical voice looking down at everyone!