Chapter Vol 4 960: Emperor Realm Heavenly Great Perfection!

"Yes!" Xiao Yan nodded solemnly when he heard the words, he knew that the great fortune that his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, gave him is not a big deal!

After a while, Xiao Yan directly swept away the Soul of Dou Xian floating in the Holy Flame Domain, obviously preparing to absorb it.

And the mysterious black soul-devouring talisman, the Golden Dragon King, and Xiao Mu and Xiao Xuan's group slowly stayed aside, apparently discussing something.

"Needless to say, I'll leave when this little guy succeeds. If you're in a hurry, don't be in a hurry." The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Mu and said.

"Row."

"But I like the blood in this kid."

"And the fact that Sheng Yan can be obtained by this guy also means that he has a destiny."

"The Xiao family has such descendants, I'm afraid the next time we meet, this kid will grow up." Xiao Mu said.

"Master of Soul Eater." The Golden Dragon King agreed softly, and then said to the Soul Eater Talisman.

"I know, it's really troublesome." The Master of Soul Eater agreed, and immediately urged the Soul Eater Talisman to face Xiao Yan and the Soul of Dou Xian.

"Come here." Xiao Yan waved his palm lightly, and the dazzling soul of fighting immortals came to his palm.

"Wow!" The soul of fighting immortals just came to Xiao Yan's palm, and suddenly a cool feeling spread throughout his body, and even Xiao Yan felt that his whole body was purified by the soul of fighting immortals, including the evil spirit. The blood demon gold energy!

"It's really a good thing." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing.

Xiao Yan knew very well that if it wasn't for his ancestor Xiao Mu and his uncle Jinlong King, I'm afraid this kind of soul of fighting immortals would not be available to him in his dreams, and he would not even want to devour it.

"Humph!"

"He's really a kid who is envied by heaven."

"If this Soul of Fighting Immortals was not discovered by the Golden Dragon King, I'm afraid it wouldn't be your turn." The Soul Devouring Talisman quietly came to Xiao Yan's side, and immediately spoke.

Obviously, if it wasn't for the Golden Dragon King to stop him just now, I'm afraid this thing would be a great supplement to the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Swallow this thing directly?" Xiao Yan still asked tentatively.

"If you want to die, just swallow it." Soul Eater said angrily.

"Senior, how should this thing be swallowed?" Xiao Yan still held back, this soul of fighting immortals was too important, and Xiao Yan did not dare to take it lightly.

"This thing is the product of a Fighting Immortal powerhouse. If you are a mere Seven Star Fighting Emperor, if you swallow it like this, I am afraid it is no different from sending you to death." The Soul Eater said disdainfully.

"Khan..." Xiao Yan heard the words, patronizing the preciousness of this thing, but ignoring some fundamental problems, how can the product of the Immortal Fighter be simple.

"Give this to me, I'll refine it for you, and I'm delivering the purest power to you," said Soul Eater.

"Senior Lao." Xiao Yan said respectfully, and then directly swept away the Soul of Dou Xian towards the Soul Devouring Talisman.

With Xiao Mu and the Golden Dragon King here, Xiao Yan is not afraid of the Soul Eater's tricks, unless the Soul Eater is tired of living.

"It's really unfortunate to meet you. Originally, after following you for so long, my power has recovered a bit, but to help you break through your soul power, it still costs me a lot of power, which is really unpleasant."

"But who made you have a good family and a good uncle." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he exuded an extremely eerie ghostly aura, and then devoured the soul of Dou Xian in one bite.

However, Xiao Yan could sense that at this moment, a trace of pure soul power emerged above the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Boy, take your holy flame." Just as Xiao was preparing to adjust his breath to cope with the next swallowing, Xiao Mu broke through.

After Xiao Mu finished speaking, Sheng Yanjing threw it directly at Xiao Yan!

Xiao Yan, on the other hand, was not a procrastinator, he directly put away Sheng Yanjing, and immediately began to adjust.

And Xiao Mu lost the holy flame crystal, and the aura in his body also dropped to the level of a two-star fighting immortal, but this is enough.

At this time, there are still as many as twenty days before the sect competition.

Xuan San Tian Xuan Ling Royal Family.

"How are things going?" King Xuanling sat on the dragon seat and said to the elites under him.

"Reporting to my king, the matter has been handled almost. In the Xuanling royal family, any strong person who rebelled against my king has been locked in the underground palace, and the secret spell that can improve his strength is also planted." Wen Zi was next to Xuanling King. , whispered.

"Hahaha."

"So good."

"In this sect competition, our Xuanling royal family is bound to win."

"Fenxiang Pavilion, this time we will completely resolve the matter." King Xuanling said.

"My king, the matter of Xiao Yan's killing of our disciples in the Burning Incense Pavilion should begin." Wen Zi reminded.

"Don't worry, there will naturally be someone waiting for him during the sect competition."

"And if those guys fail, this excuse is our last resort." King Xuanling laughed gloomily.

"My king, Shengming," Wen Zi said.

"Where has the third prince Xuanmu been recently?" King Xuanling asked Zaidu.

"It is said that they are going to the entrance to the ghost world in the Forest of Death." Wen Zi said.

"Send a strong person to follow him, he can't have an accident." After King Xuanling finished speaking, the figure disappeared immediately. This appearance is clearly the perfect fusion of the real power of life and death, the power of fighting immortals!

"The third prince, Xuanmu, is the most favored. It seems that the Xuanling royal family will change."

"I don't know if the Burning Incense Pavilion will still exist after this sect competition."

"By the way, it seems that the blood rose has disappeared for a long time. I don't know why. Forget it, let's not talk to my king for a moment." After Wen Zi finished speaking, he also slowly disappeared.

In addition to this, the other major super sects are all in the process of intense cultivation, waiting for the time for the sects to compete!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In a blink of an eye ten days passed.

"almost!"

"This is all the power I can mobilize, which has been injected into this soul source by me. As for whether you can reach that point in the end, it depends on your fortune!" Soul Eater Talisman said suddenly.

As soon as the voice fell, a ray of light with a size of ten meters suddenly appeared, and then appeared in a hidden place in the Forest of Death.

Since the Saint Flame Crystal was returned to Xiao Yan, the Holy Flame Domain disappeared.

"Okay!"

"Soul Stone!"

"Suck it for me!" Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and the dazzling suction directly absorbed the source of the soul!

If it is said that what Xiao Yan absorbed in the past is called the soul source, then the soul source that has been tempered by the evil soldiers of the ghost world at this time is called the soul essence!

The purity of his soul power is countless times what he had absorbed before!

"Crash!" Xiao Yan's pure power was continuously absorbed, and the soul stone in Xiao Yan's hand was also filled with an invisible and extremely terrifying fluctuation.

This fluctuation lasted for about three days before Xiao Yan returned to calm.

Three days later, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and an invisible soul force shot directly at the sky of the Forest of Death, hitting the sky!

"Sure enough, the emperor's realm is a great success!" The Golden Dragon King and Xiao Mu said with a smile, and said with a sense of relief in their hearts.

https:

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: