Chapter Vol 4 1760: Solve hidden dangers!

"So next... What should you do?" Cailin and Mu Yingying's voices were like the voice of the sky, slowly shaking every inch of Xiao Yan's cells. These words were not so much a question to themselves, but Xiao Yan himself. questioning myself.

Now that the Myriad Fire Sect elites are in hand, and a quarter of the Xuanling Continent of the Dou Di Continent has completely surrendered to his own hands, it is a rather strong force...

But Xun'er has not been found yet, and the mystery of the Xiao family has not been solved. Next, what should Xiao Yan do?

"Don't put too much pressure on yourself, no matter what you do, we will support you."

"And Xun'er is fine. She should be among the ancient tribes in Douyun Continent now. After the settlement is completed, go to find her." Seemingly seeing Xiao Yan's worry, Cailin said calmly, obviously When ruling the Xuanling Continent, Cailin also dispatched many scouts to inquire about the information, and found out the location of Cailin and Gu Yuan. As for Zhu Kun, he had no clue for a while.

"Yep."

"We still have a lot of things to do. Now it's better to take advantage of this time... to integrate these forces and form a new one." After Shunxi, Xiao Yan also made some important decisions, and said slowly, when Xiao Yan When Yan said these words, he couldn't help clenching his fists.

"Hey...you kid, I'll just wait for your words." As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the void above the pavilion in the manor suddenly trembled, and familiar figures appeared one after another.

"The pavilion master of the Burning Incense Pavilion, the master of the poison sect, the master of the medicine valley..."

"You?" Looking at the familiar figures in front of him, Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering.

The dozens of people who just appeared are the real minds of the Xuantian superpowers today. These guys may not be as strong as Xiao Yan, but they are all true overlords of the forces behind them. Every move of the forces behind them is caused by They decided, obviously Xiao Yan wants to form a new force, these guys must personally nod.

"Hey, come uninvited, Master Xiao Yan won't blame him?" At this time, Yaogu Valley Master stared at Xiao Yan with a smile and said, obviously they have entered here since the end of the battle. This intention is obviously Cailin move.

Although this guy's strength is only two-star Dou Xian Consummation, but the soul power of the fairyland level shows his status, not to mention that he is the real No. 1 alchemist in Xuantian. He naturally has some arrogance, but even if In this way, when facing Xiao Yan, there is also a feeling of powerlessness.

"Hehe, all of you are Xiao Yan's seniors, how could the juniors blame him?"

"Everyone, please." Xiao Yan said with a slow smile, but a warm blood slowly rose in his body. It seemed that he hadn't felt this way for a long time, and he also smiled at Cailin. Obviously, Cailin's actions were for Xiao's sake. Yan saved a lot of time.

After the rest, in the hall of the manor.

"Sir Xiao Yan is now extremely powerful, and the elite power in his hands, although there are only a thousand people, is incomparable to our entire Xuanling Continent."

"So the old man has an unkind request." Fen Tian took the lead and slowly said, Xiao Yan is a disciple of Fenxiang Pavilion, and as the pavilion owner, he is naturally willing to be the leader to smooth out some obstacles for him.

"Pavilion Master, please tell me." Xiao Yan also laughed in his heart. Obviously, although most of the dozens of people in front of him agreed with him, there were still a small number of people who were worried. Fen Tian's words were naturally building momentum for himself. .

"Integrate all the forces in the Xuanling Continent to form a new force." Fen Tian's voice slowly came out, shaking the hearts of everyone present.

"Panel Master Fen said that, it's over, right?"

"Xuantiantian is an extremely fertile land, and there are not a few strong people fighting immortals. Although Sir Xiao Yan is young and promising, it is still too young and naive to integrate all the forces..."

"And even if you take a step back and say, who should be the manager after the integration?" For a while, there were some subtle voices in the crowd.

"Hey, don't you want to be cheap and sell well."

"In the battle a few days ago, if it wasn't for Lord Xiao Yan leading the elites to arrive in time, where would there be any super sects of their own? It would be unpleasant to say that, if it wasn't for Lord Xiao Yan, everyone who is doing it now would have long ago. Completely fallen." Fen Tian secretly smiled.

"Pavillion Fentian said very much...but such a big matter still needs to be considered in the long run." Some figures muttered.

"Everyone, please." Xiao Yan heard the words, did not move too much, and sat softly.

"Cough cough... You two are a family, self-directed and self-acted, it's too much!" Seeing Fen Tian and Xiao Yan sing together like this, the old face of Yaogu Valley Master couldn't help but sunk.

"The Master of Medicine Valley, what do you think is good?" Fen Tian was not in a hurry and said with a smile.

Now that the situation is going and the people's hearts go, it's only a matter of time before the establishment of a force. It's just how the rulers and their respective forces belong after the establishment of the force, which has become the concern of these people.

"Patriarch Mu, Sect Master Dao, the purpose of our visit today is very obvious. If you two families have any concerns, you can directly mention it to Lord Xiao Yan. Lord Xiao Yan should not embarrass you, and the rest of the other forces should not be too much. Big problem." Yaogu Valley Master slowly turned his head and said to a man and a woman among the dozens of people.

Among the people, almost a consensus has been reached, nearly half of them support Xiao Yan, a few people disagree, and some remain neutral.

"Hehe... Master of Medicine Valley, what you said is too frustrating for us. After all, we are juniors, but integrating forces to establish new forces will destroy the foundation of our ancestors, so..."

"Lord Xiao Yan, I hope our two forces can't agree." As they spoke, the two actually started to shirk.

"The Mu Family, the Sword Sect, the newly-initiated forces in recent years have directly replaced Solomon and the Heartless Valley from the original superpowers." Cailin said softly.

"Well... there are other sects who disagree, feel free to say it." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, his eyes slightly turned away.

"Tear it off!" It seemed like he was unintentional, but the majestic soul power made the powerhouses present at ease. After all, these guys are basically only two-star fighting immortals. For a soul power like Xiao Yan, , is naturally an invisible deterrent, the most deadly.

"Sir Xiao Yan is such a terrifying soul power." Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying soul power, the Master of Medicine Valley couldn't help but change his face.

"Today's matter, is indeed the fault of our two forces. In the future, I will come to the door to apologize in person."

"Farewell!" A man and a woman looked at each other and immediately clasped their fists towards Xiao Yan.

"Two and slow..."

"Since the two of you insist on doing this, Xiao Yan can't be **** others." Seeing that the two had retreated, Xiao Yan got up gently and said kindly.

"When did this guy become so kind?" Mu Yingying, who was sitting quietly beside her, was surprised when she saw this.

"Don't worry, take your time." Cai Lin was not surprised, and said slightly.

"If that's the case, then it's better to be respectful than to obey." After that, the two moved slightly, preparing to leave here.

"Crash!" At the same time, an amber flame appeared all over Xiao Yan's body with a smile on his face, slowly and completely surrounding the entire hall.

"Lord Xiao Yan, what does this mean?" One man and one goddess suddenly changed their expressions and couldn't help asking.

"It doesn't make any sense... Since the two of you don't agree, let's leave the Xuanling Continent with their respective sects in the past few days." Xiao Yan's soft voice contained an obvious warning.

"Five Star Fighting Immortals?"

"Wonderland soul?" After a while, Xiao Yan's whole body strength did not hold any reservations, and he directly displayed it.