Chapter Vol 4 1288: Rewards and Rules!

"so……"

"There are so many of us present, but only 30 people can win?" As the city lord announced the basic rules, the figures around the altar couldn't help but burst into a trace of doubt.

The publicity of the city lord's information was unclear, leaving many people at a loss.

The area of ​​Dongzhou is extremely vast, and at this time, all the people who have gathered in Leicheng to sign up for the competition are the best in their respective places!

Of the tens of thousands of contestants, only 30 people could qualify, which caused the morale of the figures around the altar to drop.

"Senior, can this rule be specific?" The next moment, in the crowd, a rather delicate figure spoke directly. Obviously, what the city lord just said was vague, so it's better to ask clearly.

"There are too many applicants for this Eastern Zhou competition, and the four-week competition is a matter of face for our entire Eastern Continent, so naturally only the real powerhouses can participate in the four-week competition."

"As for the rules."

"There are three stages in this Eastern Zhou competition. As for the rules of each stage, it will be announced on the same day."

"And the top ten in each stage can participate in a four-week ratio, and the top three in each stage can receive rewards."

"The rewards for each stage are different."

"However, given the background of our sword-forging Thunder Valley, we naturally won't treat you badly." Du Feng got up gently and said with a smile.

"Senior, I would like to take the liberty of asking, if I participate in the first stage and get the top ten places, will I still be eligible to participate in the second and third stages?" At this time, Xiao Yan couldn't sit still and asked.

"Of course there is."

"And if you alone get the top ten of the three stages, you can designate and bring two companions to the surrounding area for a test." Du Feng smiled slowly.

"What?" Xiao Yan's question offended those present.

Originally, there were only 30 people. Xiao Yan obviously wanted to get three places for one person. In this case, the competition this time around would be even more intense.

However, after seeing the 4th Rank Heaven-level Alchemist Medal on Xiao Yan's chest, the crowd around the altar also stifled other thoughts. After all, such a cruel person is not something they can provoke.

"And... if you participate in three stages in a row, and you get the top ten, or even the strength, you can get the top three and three rewards of the three stages, which is enough to make you fully armed and compete in the four-week competition. Great show!" Du Feng also found out that the inquirer was Xiao Yan, and immediately laughed.

This guy Xiao Yan has reached the fourth rank of immortal rank and heaven rank pharmacist at such an age, but it is enough for them to really take it seriously!

"Tsk tsk tsk!" When a group of strong men below heard the words, their hearts became hot!

Among the three stages, the rewards for each stage are probably extremely rich, and the reason why the content of the competition is protected is for fairness!

Otherwise, there will be some powerful forces who will spend a lot of money to buy test information and deal with it in advance, then you will miss the fairness at this time.

"The rewards at this time are, respectively, the fourth-grade immortal artifact created by the owner of the valley, and the fighting skills at the peak of the holy rank... and..."

"Qualification to enter Thunder Valley!" Du Feng's voice slowly filled the eardrums of everyone present.

"What...the qualifications to enter Thunder Valley?" Hearing Du Feng's words of such a heavyweight, the figures present immediately boiled over.

What is Thunder Valley?

This is the place where the master of the Thunder Valley, the overlord of the East Continent, is now famous!

At the beginning, Thunder Valley of Forging Knife was only a small force in Leicheng, and its Valley Master was also mediocre in strength, but since its Valley Master entered Soul Thunder Valley by chance, its strength has undergone earth-shaking changes!

Even after that, the Valley Master of Thunder Valley forged Swords alone wiped out an evil race from outside the territory, making Thunder Valley forged Swords firmly established as the overlord of Eastern Continent, so this Thunder Valley was rumored to be divine by the outside world.

There are different opinions about this Thunder Valley, but one thing that is abominable is that there must be some secrets in this Thunder Valley, which can make a guy with a low strength become a powerful man, not to mention these things. A two-star Douxian level powerhouse.

"The effect of Thunder Valley is not very inconvenient, but I can tell you one thing without hesitation."

"The strength of your contestants, if you enter the Thunder Valley, you can get a lot of help, at least you can improve your strength... As for the treasures and other things in the Thunder Valley, it depends on your skills. Yes." Du Feng smiled slowly.

"Tsk tsk tsk... This guy is really willing to take out Lei Gu as a reward." After hearing Du Feng's words, the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body couldn't help but speak out.

"..." When Xiao Yan heard the words, his head suddenly turned black, but Xiao Yan was a little strange. What kind of strength is his master? Even these three-star fighting immortals and even fairyland souls are not afraid of being discovered, so Xiao Yan is vaguely aware of it. Guess, the strength of the Soul Eater should be stronger.

"This Thunder Valley is a good thing."

"You must go in and have a look." The next moment. The Lord of Soul Eater opened his mouth.

"Thunder Valley?"

"What is that?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Thunder Valley, specifically, there is a very mysterious place in the underworld, where it is surrounded by thunder all day long, and many heaven and earth treasures grow around it because of this The real overlord of the entire Eastern Continent should be the forge. Dao Leigu Valley Master, his strength is probably only in the early stage of Five-Star Dou Xian, but he can rely on the strength of the initial stage of Five-Star Dou Xian to deal with the complete powerhouse of Five-Star Dou Xian without fear. In the Thunder Valley." The Soul Eater said solemnly.

"So mysterious..." Xiao Yan naturally frowned upon hearing this.

Among the various attributes of the five stars of gold, wood, water, fire and soil, there are strange things in the world, but among these attributes, only the holy flame is the recognized king and overlord, and the thunder element is also a very tyrannical creature, so Xiao Yan Guessing that in this Thunder Valley, there should be some rare things in the world of thunder, otherwise the Valley Master of the Thunder Valley of Forging Knife would not be able to be so tyrannical!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

You must know that Xiao Yan’s strength in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian is now. If he wants to deal with the complete powerhouse of the two-star Dou Xian, he must use the holy flame, otherwise there is no hope. Among the five-star Dou Xian powerhouses, only a small level, strong The gap is even greater, this Valley Master can deal with the enemy at the third level, I am afraid it has something to do with Thunder Valley.

"The rules and rewards of this competition are like this. Tomorrow will start the first stage of the competition." After Duo explained, Du Feng and the city owner also left the altar one after another.

"It seems that this time, the comparison between Dongzhou will be very exciting." Xiao Yan's mouth had a look of anticipation, and he returned to the city lord with his two daughters.

Now that the rules and rewards are known, the next step is to wait for tomorrow, when the East Continent Ratio officially begins!