Chapter Vol 4 1481: Weird stone statue!

Among the ruins of Tianwangzang.

In the Fascinating Heaven Palace, the girls who entered it with Xiao Yan were also led by Yuan Yan, and they cracked the formation, so they headed towards a certain place in the dark lake, while the other four continents powerhouses who entered the ruins, They were trapped in the Heavenly Palace of Bewilderment, which obviously would delay a lot of time. As for Xiao Yan and Duo Qifei, they headed towards the Pill Palace.

"By the way... Where is Xiao Gui?" On a remote path, Xiao Yan and the two were walking quietly, when Duan Qifei suddenly said something.

"Oh, it's broken!" After Duo Qifei said this, Xiao Yan immediately frowned and clapped his hands.

"Don't worry, that little guy is fine, I left a soul imprint when I left, I will know as soon as he has any crisis, and I am afraid there is something incredible about him, after all, it is in your display space. When you were using your power, he directly resisted your space power." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"I hope so." Xiao Yan nodded, and then he had the reassurance of the Lord of Soul Eater.

"This place...isn't it wrong?" Since the two of Xiao Yan left the place where the fascinated old ghost is, they have entered a stone path. According to the information given by the fascinated old ghost, this place is leading to the alchemy hall. the way.

Among the ruins of Tianwangzang, it is divided into three parts. The first part is the fascination temple where everyone is imprisoned, and the labyrinth temple is left and right, respectively, the Ming Ze and the Dan Palace.

On the left is Ming Ze, which is a bottomless swamp. It is extremely dangerous, but it also has many opportunities.

On the right is the Dan Palace, which is the place where Tianwangzang collects magical medicines.

And the last place is in the depths of the ruins, which is also the tomb of Tianwangzang.

"It shouldn't be wrong." Xiao Yan stared at the stone path and said.

This stone path is exactly the same as the passage in the Fascinating Heavenly Palace just now, except that around the stone path, a faint scent of strong medicinal powder wafts from the nostrils, making Xiao Yan sure that this is the right path.

"Crash!" There was nothing to say along the way, and a few minutes later, the two also crossed the stone path and came to a rather simple space.

In this space, it is quite strange, surrounded by bursts of dazzling soul power, and bursts of fragrant aromas come from the nostrils, obviously this is the Pill Hall space.

"It seems that the fascinated old ghost did not deceive us."

"Is this the Pill Hall..." Suddenly, in front of the space, a magnificent building suddenly appeared in front of the two, Duo Qifei couldn't help saying.

In front of the two, a behemoth stood upright, with a unique shape like the word "mouth" as a whole. In addition, the walls were carved with countless mysterious special patterns, which made Xiao Yan's heart sink.

"Is there a sculpture?" Xiao Yan's eyes turned in an instant, and then he slowly came to the front of the Pill Palace, looking at a stone statue in front of the Pill Palace, wondering.

"There doesn't seem to be a way to enter the Pill Hall?" After a while, Du Qifei looked around with beautiful eyes as he looked at the uniquely shaped Pill Hall.

"Didn't the fascinated old ghost say how to enter the Pill Hall?" Du Qifei asked.

"no."

"As the spirit formation of the Bewildering Heavenly Palace, it seems that the fascinated old ghost only exists in the formation, and the Pill Hall is quite far away from the formation. I am afraid this senior has never been here."

"And in the information he gave me, he didn't mention how to enter the Pill Palace, let alone this strange stone statue, only the prototype pill in the Pill Palace." Xiao Yan's eyes kept on The stone statues above and in front of the unique Danden building move back and forth.

"It shouldn't be... Although this pill hall has a special shape, but with the power of my soul, I can smell the extremely strong Dan incense inside. This pill hall is definitely not fake, it's just the entrance..." Xiao Yan still It is doubtful, but his eyes are on the stone statue. Obviously, at this time, I am afraid that the entrance should be related to the stone statue.

"The shape of this stone statue is also unique, it seems to be some kind of soul beast breath, but the body is exactly the same as us humans?" Du Qifei looked at Xiao Yan, who was in deep thought, and immediately stared at the stone statue to examine it carefully.

In this space, there is only the unique "mouth"-shaped Pill Hall and the stone statue in front of the Pill Hall.

The stone statue is all white, as if the casting material is quite mysterious, and the whole is like a human being, with hands and feet, long hair fluttering, and sharp edges and corners, looks like a rather handsome man, but vaguely between It revealed a violent aura like a soul beast.

"This guy, I'm afraid, is the key to entering the Pill Palace." After a while, Xiao Yan and the two explored and found that there was only this stone statue and the Pill Palace in this space.

"Get out of the way, I'll try." After some inspection, he found no results, and Xiao Yan immediately said, he can't waste time here.

"Well, be careful, I always feel that this stone statue doesn't seem right." Duan Qifei always felt that this stone statue was weird, but he couldn't detect a reason, so he could only tell Xiao Yan.

"The fire is coming." Xiao Yan agreed softly, and then without hesitation, as soon as he made his move, a dazzling khaki flame suddenly appeared.

"Weng buzzing!" The khaki flames emerged, and the tyrannical power of the holy flame suddenly filled this space with an uneasy dry atmosphere.

"Boom!" Without any hesitation Xiao Yan's khaki-colored holy flame suddenly wrapped around a strange stone statue.

"..." After being burned by such a tyrannical holy flame for a full five minutes, the stone statue was not damaged at all, and even the white light of the whole body became even more dazzling under the baking of the holy flame.

"What the **** is this?"

"Can't even the holy flame be broken?" In the next moment, seeing the holy flame burning to no avail, Xiao Yan could only withdraw temporarily.

"I'll try it." After a while, Du Qifei said softly, looking at Xiao Yan who was in deep thought.

"Well, be careful."

"I will protect the law for you. Once you have anything, I will immediately take action." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Thank you." Du Qifei was dumbfounded.

"It's okay, we are friends after all." Xiao Yan also smiled heartily.

"Are you a friend..." Xiao Yan's seemingly bland words planted a great seed in Duo Qifei's heart, so that it took root and sprouts in the future, and it was difficult to stop it.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the reincarnation rune at Duong Qifei's eyebrows gently squirmed, so a trace of gray thunder with a destructive gray thunder suddenly fell off, and then, under the gaze of the two, facing the stone statue Wrap away.

"咻咻!" The stone statue, which was originally quiet and unusual, was injected by Du Qifei's tyrannical reincarnation power, and suddenly woke up slowly, a majestic force like the awakening of a sleeping dragon, suddenly emerged in this space!

"not good!"

"Let's go!" And the next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and regardless of the 3721, he dragged Du Qifei and ran towards the retreat.

"Clang!" At that time, the only way for the two of them to retreat is completely blocked, and the stone statue in the place where the stone statue was originally stored in front of the Pill Hall disappeared.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: