Chapter Vol 4 893: The fourth floor of the underground palace!

With the departure of Xiao Yan and the two, the second floor of the underground palace also returned to calm, but Master Nalu is still in the dark. He doesn't know what his face will look like after he understands the truth of the matter.

But even so, Master Nalu has already obtained a small part of the Yin-Yang Profound Iron Mother, and I am afraid that a powerful divine weapon will be born from his hands in the near future.

"The powerhouse on the third floor of this underground palace is the Eight-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, and according to what the guardian said."

"This underground palace is the habitat that King Xuanling created for them. In return, they only need to help when the royal family of Xuanling is in danger." Fen Tian and his party headed deeper into the underground palace, and then they were on their way. , Zhu Jin said to Fen Tian, ​​obviously suspicious of what the guardian said just now.

After all, Zhu Jin and King Xuanling are old rivals. He knows that King Xuanling will stop at nothing to achieve his goals.

"I'm afraid this underground palace is a secret of King Xuanling."

"Besides, this underground palace was originally the domain of the Tianmuyu family, but it was occupied by the Xuanling royal family, and the Tianmuyu family was also exterminated by the Xuanling Emperor."

"So I'm afraid no one knows the secrets of this underground palace better than the Tianmuyu clan. It's a pity." Fen Tian shook his head and said, obviously the meaning of the pity is obvious, but the secret of this underground palace is probably only known to the Tianmuyu clan. , but if today the fish clan has been destroyed...

If there is a Tianmu fish clan, I am afraid that the intricate terrain in the underground palace can avoid encountering enemies.

"The Tianmu fish clan is indeed..." Zhu Jin shook his head slightly when he heard the words.

However, the two elders of heaven and earth, Mu Xuzi and Qing Lao were quite calm, but the master of the temple, Lingmeng Shengsheng, was unwilling to leave.

"What exactly is on the fourth floor of this underground palace..."

"How can there be a feeling that is familiar to me..."

"It feels so intimate, it seems..." Ling Mengsheng said suspiciously, but at this moment, his heart was beating vigorously and vigorously.

"Mengsheng, what's the matter with you?" Fen Tian was the first to notice Ling Mengsheng's surprise, and immediately said.

"I don't know why, but this fourth floor actually gives me a familiar feeling..." Ling Mengsheng's heavy brows were tightly locked, and he stopped, staring at the fourth floor of the underground palace.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"A feeling that is familiar to you?" Fen Tian muttered slightly when he heard the words, obviously with his enormous strength, he must have discovered something.

"go."

"Go to the entrance of the fourth floor first." Not long after, although Fen Tian felt extremely strange in his heart, he was still not sure.

If I feel it is good according to myself, I am afraid that the knot in Reimu Sheng's heart can be solved this time!

"En..." Ling Mengsheng agreed, but he had never seen Fen Tian so eager, so he said immediately.

The two elders of Tiandi and the others also looked at each other, and immediately followed.

The underground palace has a top-to-bottom appearance, and each lower floor is a ladder with links.

Passing through the third floor of the underground palace, and then came to the fourth floor of the underground palace, a circle of colorless halo appeared, and then many strong people also knew that this was the entrance to the fourth floor, and immediately stepped in.

"Pfft." With a sound, many powerhouses fell directly into the halo of the fourth floor.

The halo was extremely soft, and there was no trace of destruction, which made everyone extremely puzzled.

However, many of the powerhouses are not ordinary people. They regained their calm in a short period of time, and then continued to move forward.

It stands to reason that in the underground palace, every floor should be heavily guarded, how could this fourth floor...

The doubts in everyone's hearts were not over, and their eyes suddenly lit up, and then a beautiful scene appeared.

What appeared in front of everyone was a huge river!

The river is divided into upstream and downstream, but in the middle, there is a very spectacular waterfall that looks like a gulf!

That aura, just standing beside the river can make people shudder!

"The fourth floor of this underground palace is really mysterious." At this time, Zhu Jin couldn't help but say something.

With the special spiritual power of the Dou Formation Master, Zhu Jin could feel that there were dangers everywhere.

"Someone is coming..." A huge river appeared in front of everyone, but everyone was in the mud next to the river. At this time, a few faint sounds from the bottom of the river suddenly sounded!

Strange voice sounded, even Fen Tian, ​​who was as powerful as Dou Xian, didn't notice it!

"Where is the princess now?" Because the bottom of the river was slightly turbid, it was difficult to see clearly. At this time, the voice sounded.

"The princess is still behind the waterfall!" Another figure said.

"Quickly pick up the princess..."

"I didn't expect that my king hid Princess Xuan Muqing so deeply, and was still found by that **** bastard, Ling Mengsheng!" said the voice.

"Brother, you mean..." At this time, another figure suddenly understood something.

"Go!"

"Among these seven people, some of them are too terrifying, and I'm afraid I'm not even an opponent." After the voice finished, it calmed down, but another figure was slowly flowing in the river, and then Go directly and silently towards the waterfall.

"Is it an illusion..." The river stirred slightly, and Fen Tian glanced at it vaguely. After he didn't find anything wrong, he didn't care too much.

"There should be something in the waterfall that is going down the river." Fen Tian's eyes were extremely sharp, and at a glance, he noticed that there seemed to be something behind the waterfall that was going down the river!

"Where is the source of that breath!" At this time, Ling Mengsheng suddenly shouted!

A very familiar aura came from behind the waterfall!

At this time, the upper reaches of the river were several hundred meters higher than everyone else, and the lower reaches were equal to everyone else, but there seemed to be something behind the 100-meter waterfall that cut off the river and descended downstream!

Seeing this, everyone cautiously approached the river, trying to find out.

But behind the huge waterfall in the river, it is a unique place.

This is a huge space of hundreds of square meters. Bamboo buildings and some expensive utensils all symbolize that there are people living here.

In the bamboo building, there was a woman at this time. The woman was dressed in simple clothes, but the clothes were wrapped with golden threads. She was obviously not an ordinary woman. She sat slightly in the bamboo building, her eyes were empty, and she seemed to be dead. generally.

In front of the woman, there is a scroll of pictures. In the scroll, there is a burly man holding two little girls with milky voices. The two little girls are laughing around the man, looking very intimate.

"Princess……"

"It's time to take the medicine." At this time, a maid appeared from outside the bamboo building. The maid opened the door gently and held a delicate tea set in her palm, which was obviously used to hold something.

"I'm not sick!"

"I don't want to eat it!" Pu Yanzi didn't even look at the maid, and said directly, and then the jade-like hand was holding the picture scroll, and he couldn't put it down!

However, it is strange to say that this woman's body is full of weakness, and her breath is quite wrong.

"Damn, this Princess Xuan Muqing really has a lot of things to do." The voice just at the bottom of the river slowly sounded a few dozen meters away from the bamboo building, and then turned into a figure and walked towards the bamboo building.