Chapter Vol 4 2245: trade!

"Second brother..."

"Could this be the blue-haired Buddha and lion mythical beast that Manjushri sat on?"

"But Master Lichen didn't say that this guy..."

Xiao Yi looked at the blue lion statue in front of her and couldn't help shaking her head, her voice full of doubts.

"Master Lichen didn't specifically say whether this blue-haired Buddha lion is alive or dead."

Xiao Yan shook his head, but he always felt that things were not right.

In the thousands of worlds, there are countless rumors about the two supreme gods and Buddhas in the Buddha world, several great Bodhisattvas and Bodhi ancestors, etc., and even Xiao Yan does not know whether Manjushri Bodhisattva is male or female, after all, there are too many rumors.

"The murals here are treasures in the Buddhist world. They should record some of the life stories of Manjusri Bodhisattva and the Blue-haired Buddha Lion, but on the last mural, why is there a figure of the Buddha's eminent monk Bodhi?"

The figures and identities of the respective characters in the Buddhist world are extremely easy to identify, because they have their own shapes and magical instruments, so Xiao Yan can distinguish them very easily.

"Blue-haired Buddha lion, its roar is like thunder, there are lightning flashes in its eyes, and the terrifying power of breaking mountains and breaking the ground when it swings its teeth and claws."

"Second brother, come and see, there is a line of small characters under the head of this lion statue!"

Naturally, Xiao Yi couldn't understand the surrounding murals, because at first glance, there was an extremely heavy dizziness, so she could only look for other things.

"This is?"

Xiao Yan walked over and repeatedly looked at the Buddhist traces under the blue stone lions.

"Wong buzzing!"

Just as the two were hesitating, a roar resounded through the entire palace, and the bronze Buddhist gate in the palace not far away was instantly closed. The building was sealed, and a violent aura actually spread from the lion statue in front of it.

"Prepare."

Xiao Yan seemed to have expected it a long time ago, the glass-colored flames burned violently, and a strong aura of who was fighting for the front was vividly displayed under the operation of Sheng Yan and Fen Jue!

"Hoohoo!"

The sound of the roar sounded, and the golden energy on the bronze Buddha lion in front of him melted like a hot melt. The golden liquid spread out, and the stone lion statue actually melted and opened. A blue-haired lion that looks extremely shocking, alive appeared in front of the two.

The terrifying coercion and power of that kind of menacing are most vividly reflected in this guy!

"Blue-haired Buddha Lion!"

Xiao Yi's body was full of brown flames, and then she stopped in front of Xiao Yan's body with a single step, and said coldly, looking at this appearance, she was obviously ready to go into battle in person.

"The green-haired Buddha lion is really famous."

"But you shouldn't be willing to stay here forever, right?"

When this guy roared with Xiao Yan's keen soul power, he clearly sensed the majestic power in the latter's body, which was a divine beast from the Buddha realm that was comparable to the human's double reincarnation level.

The strength of Manjushri should be more than that. Why is the strength of the beast sitting down so weak?

Xiao Yan thought about it, naturally it was some guesswork, so he said boldly.

"Human, don't speak madly, or this seat..."

The green-haired Buddha lion just woke up and was extremely angry. He just wanted to open the lion's roar to kill the two of them, but when he heard Xiao Yan's voice, he was surprised.

Staring at Xiao Yan like a torch, he seemed to smell an extremely terrifying fluctuation from this guy with quasi-reincarnation strength, and what he said was actually the same as his own situation?

"Are you uttering wild words, Qing Mao Buddha Lion, you should know better than us?"

"As Manjusri Bodhisattva sitting down as a divine beast, you should have stood in the center of the Buddha world with Manjusri Bodhisattva, listened to the scriptures of the gods and Buddhas, and roamed the world, but guarded here all day long and suffered a lot."

"If I were you, I would leave here at all costs."

"Are the lions in the pond?"

Xiao Yan saw that his guess seemed to be correct, he directly dissipated the glazed holy flames from his body, and walked over to this behemoth step by step.

Manjusri Bodhisattva in the Buddhist world sits down on the divine beast, and it is already a creature with great wisdom, far from being comparable to the monster beast in the demon world and the beast in the human world.

And if you can sit down and talk calmly, there is no need to do anything.

"What you said is very true, but the problems I am facing now cannot be solved by your strength."

It seemed that Xiao Yan was a little moved by what he said, but because of the strength of Xiao Yan, the Blue-haired Buddha Lion was in a dilemma for a while.

"Whoa!"

With a bang, a glass-colored holy flame emerged, and the void in the entire palace instantly distorted, and a thick sacred hot breath filled the air.

"What a terrifying holy flame!"

Finally, seeing the glazed flame on Xiao Yan's body, the eyes of the blue-haired Buddha lion were filled with a look of shock and ecstasy!

"I can help you, but as a price, all the treasures below are mine."

Xiao Yan didn't hide it either, the lion said loudly.

"No, there are too many treasures below, you can only choose three, if you can do it, leave here if you don't!"

Listening to Xiao Yan's lion's big mouth, the blue-haired Buddha lion roared coldly, obviously this is the biggest concession it can make.

"Okay, it's a deal!"

Xiao Yan readily agreed.

"Now, maybe you can talk about the difficulties you encountered?"

Xiao Yan smiled and looked at the latter.

"Human, do you know about Demon Suppression Prison?"

After the blue-haired Buddha lion made a deep voice, he suddenly opened his mouth, and his voice was filled with a long-lost heaviness.

"Suppressing Demon Prison?"

"This is the Demon Suppression Prison below?"

Xiao Yan's eyes lit up, and he asked directly with ecstasy.

The Devil's Cube has not been filled yet, but if the Demon Suppression Prison is below, Xiao Yan is confident enough to fill the Devil's Cube!

In addition to his current strength, the demon cube in the full state is probably invincible under the third or fourth tier!

Because the devil's power grows with the growth of his own strength, and now he is using the strength of reincarnation, the increase will probably reach one or two ranks of reincarnation. This kind of increase can be said to be unprecedented!

"Below, it's not the Demon Suppression Prison, because it's just the Demon Prison left over by Manjushri when he killed the evil. It is used to imprison a red king outside the realm."

"This evil shadow's strength Although she is only at the triple reincarnation level, she is an important person with a pure heart."

"Although you have a holy flame, you have to be careful. If you are contaminated with a pure heart, you will lose the power of holy flame in a short time, and you will fall into a state of sleep and seal within a hundred years and a thousand years."

"But now I can only rely on you."

The green-haired Buddha lion said vigilantly.

"Let's lead the way."

"I will completely purify the evil prison here."

Xiao Yan nodded, and immediately shared the enemy with Xiao Yi.

"Come on my back, this palace is connected to the bottom of the evil prison, I will take you into it, but I can't get close to the prison, otherwise I will alarm that guy."

"All hope depends on the two of you."

The green-haired Buddha lion looks like he is eager to be liberated. After all, he has a heavy responsibility. Only when this place is completely solved can he go to find Manjusri Bodhisattva!

"go!"

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi came to this guy's back, and only then did they find the golden Buddhist scriptures squirming under the golden fluff on this guy's back, blooming with endless Zen.

If it weren't for Xiao Yan's clever plan, the two of them would probably need a lot of means to deal with this guy.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: