Chapter Vol 4 1714: The Broken Soul Jade on the Broken Soul Bridge!

"Crash!" With a sound, the figures of Xiao Yan and You Er did not enter here at the same time.

"What a tyrannical coercion." As soon as the two rushed into the red zone in the center, they appeared halfway up the mountainside of one of the two cliffs.

The cliffs are extremely steep, and even some trails continue to emerge halfway along the way, stretching to the top of the cliffs.

"What is this?" You'er just wanted to take a look at this mysterious cliff, but the vision in front of her was attracted by the brown lines on the cliff trail, so she couldn't help reaching out.

"Don't!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly shouted. Although he didn't know the characteristics of this cliff, Xiao Yan vaguely felt that there was something quite terrifying in the cliff.

"Bang bang bang!" You Er shrank his hands off guard, but fortunately there was no serious problem, but this black cliff revealed an invisible threat, even where You Er just touched, under the black lines , it seems that there is still something hidden that is difficult for ordinary people to notice.

"This is..." When You Er acted like this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but approach the cliff.

The surface of the cliff wall is some irregular black stones, but underneath it is covered with some hidden power.

"The power of thunder?" Xiao Yan exerted all his strengths, but he sensed that there was an outrageous power of thunder beneath the rocks on the cliff.

"This is probably a thunder field." Xiao Yan's face couldn't help but turn ugly. The power of thunder hidden under the rocks on the cliff is probably not inferior to the level of the thunder master. Said, but there is a more dangerous existence than the southernmost mourners.

"Let's go up first." After a short period of surprise, he found that there was no threat around him. Instead, there was an obscure aura on the top of the cliff. Xiao Yan glanced around helplessly and said helplessly.

I don't know why, but this place always gave me a rather strange sense of familiarity, but because of the power above the black lines, Xiao Yan's heart was shocked. It was clearly a superior person, at least only an eight-star fighting immortal. s things.

"Putong putong." After a few minutes, the two came to the top of the cliff.

"What's going on here?" At this time, You Ermei glanced away and found that there was only a circular training field and an ordinary stone bridge connecting the two cliffs, and couldn't help but muttered.

The top of the cliff is quite wide, but beyond that, there is nothing else.

"This is... Xiao Yan?"

"Why is he here?" Before the two came here, Duo Qifei was surprised to notice Xiao Yan's breath, and her beautiful eyes swept away from the top of the cliff and found Xiao Yan's figure, but it was because With the identities of the two, Du Qifei perfectly hid his figure in the void at the top of the cliff.

After all, the hidden means of the reincarnation-level powerhouses, because Xiao Yan's supernatural powers are vast, it is impossible to detect.

"Here... this should be the 'Broken Soul Bridge' that is rumored in the ghost world." Xiao Yan's eyes kept sweeping, and he said after a while.

"Broken Soul Bridge?" You Er heard the words and said in surprise, his eyes couldn't help staring at Xiao Yan, it seemed that Xiao Yan knew more than he did.

"I've only seen it in some ancient books."

"In the ghost world, there are countless spooky ghosts, and there are strange places that are so dark and evil that people have to pay attention."

"Broken Soul Bridge, it is said that if you walk through this bridge, you will experience extremely heavy soul burning. If you are a little careless, you will completely turn into nothingness. However, if you successfully resist and cross the Broken Soul Bridge, it will be enough to be reborn. It is only since ancient times. Since the first record, there seems to be no one who can walk here." After a while, Xiao Yan stared at the stone bridge connecting the two cliffs in front of him, and said.

The stone bridge is quite simple, like an ordinary bridge, and even on the top of another cliff connected by the stone bridge, a red stone gate stands slightly, where is the exit through here.

"What should I do now?" You Er asked, with doubts in her voice.

"Now, I can only go over and take a look." Xiao Yan shook his head, but said helplessly.

The aura that filled the whole body here even surpassed that of any powerhouse Xiao Yan had ever encountered in the past, but with Xiao Yan's current strength, he could not detect that strangeness.

"Let's go." The two looked at each other, Xiao Yan was in front and You Er was behind, and the two walked towards the Broken Soul Bridge on the cliff for a while.

"This guy... how did he come here at this critical time?"

"Furthermore, Fang Hao, the master of the West Temple, is the most cautious of the four temples. How could he let him slip in?"

"What the **** is going on here?" Duo Qifei's thunder pupils, who were hidden in the void, kept blinking, wondering.

With Fang Hao's strength and prudence, it is impossible for him to make mistakes at such an important juncture as the Master of Soul Li, and it may not be so easy for Xiao Yan and the two to enter here.

"Boom!" The stone bridge was quite simple, but when Xiao Yan stepped on it for the first time, his body couldn't help being shaken, and even the soul power in the spiritual palace in his body was temporarily cut off by half.

"What a huge coercion." In an instant, Xiao Yan's body was as if he was carrying a huge boulder, and his footsteps left a conspicuous footprint on the stone bridge.

"Broken Soul Bridge, it really lives up to its reputation... However, it's not enough!" Xiao Yan said with difficulty, realizing that the Dou Qi and soul power in his body were directly sealed, and he could only move step by step by instinct pimple. "Walking step by step, every step of lifting and lowering requires the last strength, and these strengths come from Xiao Yan's physical strength after being strengthened by the first transformation of the Dragon God. If there is no such increase, I am afraid that the current Xiao Yan could only helplessly retreat.

"Weng buzzing!" When Xiao Yan came to the center of Broken Soul Bridge with difficulty, his pupils couldn't help being attracted by the endless abyss below.

That purgatory like black lava filled the entire cliff, once Xiao Yan fell, I am afraid that what awaited Xiao Yan would be his demise.

"Boom!" Just as Xiao Yan lost his mind, a mysterious black energy suddenly emerged from the top of the two cliffs on both sides of the ordinary stone bridge, and immediately merged on the stone bridge with the momentum of thunder.

At that time, the originally ordinary stone bridge was like a ten thousand year cold cave, exuding an aura of death, and that aura really moved Xiao Yan!

"Broken Soul Jade on the Broken Soul Bridge!"

"Quiet me down." At this time, the shadow that had been hiding in the void suddenly shouted.

At the same time, a gray jade appeared directly above Xiao Yan's head, and immediately absorbed the strange aura on the stone bridge, and the stone bridge returned to calm.

"You..." Hearing this sweet voice, Xiao Yan also realized something and couldn't help but raise his head and look at a certain place in the dark void.

"Let's go." He didn't appear in the dark void, but with a wave of his hand, a gray thunderbolt sent Xiao Yan and the two figures away from here.

"I don't know if this is the right thing to do, sigh..." After sending Xiao Yan and the two away, Duo Qifei appeared on the top of the cliff, looking at the passage where the two disappeared, with an innocent expression, the Lord of Li Soul is the same She has a blood relationship, but Duo Qifei has some other factors for Xiao Yan...