Chapter 395: It is enough to love only one person in one life!

"What is this!" The next moment, the pure white Dou Qi in the Son of Light's body was also forced back by Xun'er's golden Dou Qi, and disappeared without a trace.

The next moment, numerous golden flames appeared in the entire hall.

The golden flame, along with the existence of Dou Qi, slowly radiated from Xun'er's body.

"This flame can actually burn Dou Qi?"

"Could it be..." Micah was also extremely surprised.

"Lao Mi, what is that?" The Son of Light also has a powerless way, because just now he also felt a faint murderous aura from this golden flame!

If it wasn't for Micah's attack, I'm afraid this Child of Light would also have some scars.

"If I expected it to be good, it should be related to a secret existence in this ancient clan, so the identity of this woman, I am afraid, is also a very high existence in the ancient clan..." Mika also said. .

"Their patriarch and a kind of tyrannical elder are not here, this is the best chance!"

"That woman named Xun'er, I must get it!" In the next moment, a pure white light came to Micah in the light, and then slowly communicated with Micah.

"Damn boy!"

"I really don't know why this kind of heart will get the identity of the child of light!"

"If it wasn't for the Pope's order, you kid would have already..." Mika also snorted coldly in her heart and said.

"Miss Xun'er, what are you doing?"

"This will hurt the harmony between our church and your ancient clan." Micah also laughed.

Because it was just the golden flame on Xun'er's body, but it was faintly burning the grudge in his body!

He is a dignified red-clothed archbishop, a dignified fighting immortal powerhouse, to be treated like this by a middle-stage five-star fighting emperor, which is enough to show that this woman's body is not simple.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I said, Xun'er already has a family."

"Please come back." Xun'er also snorted coldly, and then with some displeasure in her heart, she said to the Child of Light and the red-clothed archbishop.

"what?"

"How dare you drive me away?"

"Do you know who I am?"

"I am the Child of Light of the Church, and in one sentence, it is an existence that can destroy your ancient clan!" The next moment, the Child of Light also suddenly became angry, and then an extremely terrifying aura also emanated!

"Enough!" At the next moment, Micah also suddenly grabbed the Son of Light and asked him to put away that power.

"Humph!" When the seven elders around saw this, the Son of Light was indeed too presumptuous, and immediately snorted coldly, and the terrifying pressure of the fighting immortal powerhouses went straight to the Son of Light!

"Cough, cough..." The Son of Light also seemed to find that he had gone too far. When the terrifying coercion of the seven fighting immortals descended, they fell down with a thud.

"You have to figure it out!"

"This is my ancient clan, not your church!" Peerless Heavenly Emperor also snorted coldly.

"Miss Xun'er, I don't know who your husband is, but I believe I will be stronger than him."

"Please believe me." The Son of Light also noticed that he had made several gaffes, and immediately returned to the gentleman's bearing, and then said to Xun'er.

"In my eyes, he is the most powerful person."

"and……"

"Don't say that you are the Son of Light, even the Pope can't compare to him." Xun'er also stared at the Son of Light with her beautiful eyes, her slender eyelashes turned slightly, and then her lips moved slightly.

"Who is he?"

"Why is he better than me?" The Son of Light and Xun'er looked at each other, and also found that this person's appearance was enough to make everything pale, and immediately became more certain of the idea of ​​​​getting this woman.

"He is better than you everywhere!"

"And now you are delaying my time to see him, but I will kill you." Xun'er also said slightly, and then the terrifying murderous aura spread all over her body instantly.

"not good!"

"This woman actually has such a terrifying murderous aura!" The next moment, Micah also suddenly came to the side of the Child of Light and protected the Child of Light.

"You'd better go back and be the flowers in your greenhouse." After Xun'er finished speaking, she didn't care about the Son of Light at all, but slowly walked to the top of the hall, where the seven ancient races were fighting immortals.

"You'll regret it." The next moment, the Son of Light suddenly said a word to Xun'er, and then directly broke through the door!

"Lao Mi, let's go!"

"Your ancient clan will definitely regret it!" After speaking, he left the hall abruptly.

"Let's go, it's just the church, maybe our ancients will be afraid of them." Watching the two leave, several immortal warriors also said.

"Teacher." Xun'er also found out that the two were there, and then gently came to the peerless Heavenly Emperor and said softly.

"Don't worry, I will settle this matter." Peerless Heavenly Emperor also said.

"Thank you, master."

"Since there is nothing to do, then Xun'er will leave first, and Xun'er's father will trouble the teacher to take care of him." Xun'er also said slightly.

"Oh, why are you so impatient, little girl." Peerless Heavenly Emperor also said helplessly.

"Well, this is for you. If you encounter a power that neither you nor Gu Qing can resist, you will open it." The next moment, a silver bag appeared in the hands of the Peerless Heavenly Emperor.

"En." Xun'er was also not polite at all, she stretched out her jade hand and took the kit from the teacher in front of her, and then slowly exited towards the hall.

"Teacher, farewell." Xun'er also said calmly.

After speaking, he also disappeared from the eyes of the seven fighting immortals. Who else, Gu Qing, followed Xun'er.

"Xun'er, Xun'er, it's really a good name..." The Peerless Heavenly Emperor also felt the disappearing Xun'er, and immediately said.

But at this moment, in the mind of the peerless Heavenly Emperor, a memory was recalled.

"Heavenly Emperor, don't cry, the next moment someone with Jindi's Fen Tianyan appears, is when we are about to meet..." Those were the last words a stunning woman said to the peerless Heavenly Emperor before she left!

"It's been so many years, and there's no news from you. Now that Emperor Jin Fen Tianyan is appearing, I don't know if you, the previous master of Emperor Jin Fen Tianyan, are okay..."

"Don't worry, she is very similar to you. I will definitely make up for the wrong things I did in the past." Peerless Heavenly Emperor also slowly said in his heart The six people on the side, They didn't know what this peerless Heavenly Emperor was doing at this time, but what surprised them even more was that this person named Xun'er.

This person is clearly the blood of their ancient family flowing.

"It is said that the ancients have always had an unwritten rule..."

"As soon as the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan came out..."

"The Holy Maiden is coming!" The next moment, Peerless Heavenly Emperor also closed his eyes slightly, and then said slowly.

"Pass my order, starting today, Xun'er will become the saint of my ancient clan, and her status is second only to the patriarch!"

"In addition, send out the elites in the clan to find the clan chief and them!" Peerless Heavenly Emperor also said slowly.

"After fighting for so many years, it's time to unite well." Several immortal warriors around him also agreed.

After speaking, the seven of them also slowly left here.

Somewhere in Douyun Continent, in a very dark place, a lot of people are also slowly falling asleep. If Xun'er were here, they would be surprised to find that these people are from the ancient clan!

Even the patriarch of the ancient clan is here, but he just fell asleep for some reason.

"Take care of them, if anyone escapes, you will look good." The next moment, there was a voice in the dark place, and then a person with black flames appeared!

This person is full of ghosts, and the terrifying flames on his body are also extremely gloomy. There are so many ancient powerhouses imprisoned here, I am afraid it is also a huge conspiracy.