Chapter Vol 4 1550: The guardian of the holy flame, the Luo clan!

The scorching sun disappeared in a blink of an eye, and that night, in the Earth Spirit Court, the night was always bone-chilling.

In the Lingyuan courtyard, the residence of Headmaster Luo Zhamu.

"Shabu!" At this time, under the shroud of the night, a shadow moved slowly and ran straight towards the courtyard, hiding as if he was deliberately avoiding someone.

"That's great, Old Ancestor Luo is not here. It's worth it for me to walk around outside during the day until I dare to come back at night." The dark eyes swept slowly, looking at just a few guards in charge of patrolling in front of them. Immediately laughed.

"Meng Lan, did you come back so late?" The next moment, a loving voice suddenly sounded.

"It's broken, it's broken!" After a while, the shadow Luo Menglan couldn't care less, her speed skyrocketed, and she ran directly to her wing.

"You troublemaker, come here!" A cold snort sounded, and Luo Menglan's voice was immediately grabbed by an invisible big hand, and suddenly came to the stone table in the courtyard.

At this time, Luo Zamu slowly sat on the edge of the stone table, and Luo Menglan also appeared here with a slightly dissatisfied corner of his mouth.

"Ancestor Luo, it's so late, what are you looking for from me?"

"The moon is dark and the wind is high, and the night is cold. Ancestor Luo should pay attention to his body. I will go to the house to pick up a robe and put it on the ancestor." Luo Menglan's big watery eyes kept rolling, and she said to herself, trying to escape. here.

"Oh... your strength?" The next moment, Luo Zamude's expression became strange.

"In Lingshan, I was lucky enough to break through to the Four-Star Fighting Immortal." Luo Menglan said truthfully.

"Four-star fighting immortals... It's very good, very good." Looking at Luo Menglan, Luo Zamu smiled slowly in his heart, and then some strange thoughts flashed in his heart.

"Okay, don't bother."

"Isn't it because of Ling Yu's forced marriage?"

"If you don't want to, just push it directly, you don't need to hide like this." After a while, Luo Zamu smiled directly at Luo Menglan who was pretending to be reserved in front of him.

"Ah?" When Luo Menglan heard the words, she couldn't believe it.

You must know that back then, Ling Yu and his father, Headmaster Ling, forced the Lord of Souls and him to marry him, and his ancestor was quite happy, but his attitude was completely different from today's.

"What's wrong?" Luo Zamu smiled as he saw the woman's body in front of him slowly becoming stiff and standing on the stone table.

"fine……"

"Thank you ancestor, but if I push this marriage like this, will it have any effect on you?" After a short while, Luo Menglan also bit her lips and said.

"Yes, yes, but don't worry, and you, the old ghost and ancestor, protect you, even if they are unconvinced, I'm afraid they can only endure it. ." Rozamu smiled.

"Yeah!" Luo Menglan nodded happily when she heard the words. She has not known her parents since she was born, and only Ancestor Luo and Ancestor of Earth Spirit are fond of her.

"Since your strength has reached the four-star Dou Xian, there is no need to hide some things from you."

"Come with me." After a few breaths, Luo Zamu looked at the void, then slowly got up and walked towards the core of the courtyard.

"Isn't that where our Luo family's ancestral hall is located..."

"Could it be that the ancestor is hiding something from me?" Although there were some doubts in his heart, Luo Menglan followed carefully.

"Luo's Ancestral Hall." The four characters appeared brilliantly in front of Luo Menglan.

Luo Menglan remembered clearly that this ancestral hall was the most mysterious existence in their mansion. It was heavily guarded, and no one was allowed to approach it.

"Born creatures, the law of all things!"

"Resolve!" As soon as I came to the ancestral hall, a tyrannical prohibition that was isolated from the world emerged around the ancestral hall. Then, on the palm of Luo Zhamu, a trace of gray-white energy slowly appeared in the hand, passing through the complex handprint of the ancestor. , which was injected into the gate of the ancestral hall.

"Boom!" With a loud noise, Luo Zamu and Luo Menglan's bodies suddenly turned into a strong light, pouring into the interior of the ancestral hall.

"Ancestor, this..." Just came to the inside of the ancestral hall, looking at the hundreds of spiritual tablets in front of him, a heavy touch suddenly emerged from the heart. Obviously, these spiritual tablets were established after the fall of the strong in their Luo clan.

And what surprised Luo Menglan the most was that these spirit cards were filled with traces of strange gray-white energy. These energies did not have any attributes, but intuition told Luo Menglan that these gray-white energies were absolutely extraordinary.

"Our Luo clan has been in the ghost world for hundreds of years."

"When I first came to the ghost world, I was still just a nobody. With the blessing of my ancestors, I became who I am today." Luo Zhamu bowed respectfully to the hundreds of spirit tablets in front of him and said. .

"Ancestor..." Luo Menglan also said softly.

"But the ghost world is not our original place of residence after all. There are ghosts and conspiracies here, so we should return to our homeland and return to our hometown." Luo Zamu looked at the spiritual card in front of him and took care of himself. Said from hunger.

"And our hometown is the Sky Silver Continent under the Human World." After a while, Luo Zamu said solemnly.

"Tianyin... Continent?" Luo Menglan seemed a little shocked when she heard the words.

"Menglan, every day from now on, you must come to this clan's ancestral hall to worship these spiritual cards, and the gray-white power on the spiritual cards must be absorbed day by day until you absorb all of these powers, and I will do it for you. Get rid of the forced marriage, so as to get out of the ghost world and go back to our hometown." After a while, Luo Zamu said solemnly.

"Yes, Patriarch!" Luo Menglan was ecstatic when she heard the words, and immediately agreed.

"Let's start, today is the first day." After Luo Zamu finished speaking, he also slowly backed out.

"Crash!" As Luo Zhamu left, Luo Menglan knelt down on the futon with her knees, and the dazzling ice battle qi emerged from her body, and then silently chanted some pilgrimage incantations in her heart.

It's just that even Luo Menglan didn't realize that with her actions, the gray-white energy on those spirit cards actually shook slowly, and then entered her body at a very slow speed!

This kind of gray-white energy is quite special, and it doesn't seem to have any power, but if Xiao Yan was here, he would have discovered that this gray-white energy turned out to be holy power!

The so-called holy power is an existence that prepares for the absorption of holy flames, similar to the medicinal pill Xiao Yan prepared to devour holy flames, but this holy power can only be guarded by holy flames Only then will it be born, and absorb so much holy energy, I am afraid that in the future, it will be able to easily absorb the corresponding holy flame!

"Is it all done?" After a while, outside the ancestral hall, Luo Zhamu was finally relieved. Just walking, a question came from the void.

"Yep."

"Then Xiao Yan has a holy flame ranked thirty-five, but the holy flame guarded by our Luo clan is far too tyrannical."

"This time, at least a few years, as many as decades, as long as Menglan has absorbed the holy power that devoured the holy flame, I will leave the ghost world, go back to my hometown, and let her really devour the holy flame." Luo Zamu whispered.

"That's fine..."

"This girl has a poor background, and I promised her parents to protect her, so I'll go back with you when the time comes." After a while, the old ghost of Earth Spirit also laughed.

"You..." Luo Zamu was also surprised when he heard the words.

"Okay, that's it. With some time left, I will carefully teach this guy with holy flames. I always feel that this guy is not easy."

"By the way, the scope of actions of sin and the foreign evil clan has been a little wider recently, so be careful." As soon as the voice fell, the old ghost of the earth spirit also disappeared here.