Chapter Vol 4 1749: Acacia deep into the bones, love is mourning!

After Xiao Yan wiped out the entire Mingyue Evil Clan, he went towards its interior non-stop.

Tianling Shengyuan, Tianhu!

A rather special void, it exists in the illusory void, its mysterious location, even the powerhouses in the entire Great Thousand World, few people know.

In the Heavenly Spirit Sacred Abyss, there is only a huge and boundless Heavenly Spirit Mountain Range, and many soul beasts and humans coexist in the mountain range.

In the center of the Tianling Mountains, there is a huge lake that stretches as far as the eye can see. It is listed as a forbidden area. It is called Tianhu. Tianhu is boundless, but its center is sealed by a very special force. , with two huge flame beams standing slowly.

Above the two beams of light are two groups of light, one is fiery red and the other is azure blue.

And the entire Tianhu Lake is also due to these two light groups, so the lake water has other appearances of azure blue and fiery red. It turned out to be divided into five and five, and the Tianhu Lake is divided into two and a half!

At this time, a thin figure slowly stood on the surface of the Tianhu Lake, looking at the two huge and ancient beams of light, his eyes blurred and complicated: "It turns out that the evil king of the dark moon has never left here, in order to put these two beams together. The beam of light completely nibbles away."

"This is their birthplace. If the two light clusters are completely eaten away, I am afraid they will be greatly affected."

Looking at the two beams of light in the center of the Tianhu Lake that had long since been broken, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with anger.

"Weng buzzing!" Perceiving Xiao Yan's violent powder, the azure blue flame slowly shook and appeared beside Xiao Yan, trying to comfort him.

"Purify it." Although the entire Dark Moon Evil Clan was wiped out, at this time, there was still a trace of black energy surrounding the two beams of light, and the black energy was constantly eroding and eating away at the beam of light. A powerful alien race will be born.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and suddenly the blue flames bloomed like fireworks, completely expelling the evil black qi that was attached to the two beams of light like worms.

"Yingying." After doing all this, the flame of the pink Saint Yanjing slowly beat in Xiao Yan's hand.

Acacia Heartbroken stood on top of Saint Yanjing, looking at the azure blue beam of light, one of the two beams of light, seemed to notice something, and crawls quietly.

"Yingying, I'm really sorry for taking so long." Xiao Yan smiled contentedly, and immediately placed his palm on his chest.

"Pfft!" A sound!

A palm pierced through his chest, a conspicuous blood hole emerged, and even Xiao Yan's aura became extremely unstable.

"It's alright...for you, no matter how much you pay, it's worth it." Through the blood-colored hole, you can vaguely see a blue heart beating slowly. For the sake of comfort, but for this reason, Xiao Yan also knows that what he has done now is far worse than Mu Yingying's reckless sacrifice.

At the beginning, it was probably just a good impression, just a friend, but now as time goes by, Xiao Yan is also slowly realizing the seriousness of the matter and facing Mu Yingying's love, although Xiao Yan knows that this will affect Xun'er and Cailin. It is quite unfair to say, but as a man, you must have your own responsibility.

"Zi la la!" He punched a blood hole in his chest and avoided all the key points. Now, he is naturally trying to force out the power of Mu Yingying's source. After fusing with her holy flame crystal, there is hope of resurrection. , after all, Mu Yingying's sacrifice was directly reshaped into her own heart.

Even for the purpose of resurrecting Mu Yingying, it would shake the power of her own origin, or even reduce her strength... But what's the harm?

If a person is alive, without emotions, without some stubbornness, how different is it from the walking dead?

If Mu Yingying didn't respond to her love for her and the many things she did, how would she be different from a cold-blooded person?

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, as a trace of sweat appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead, a pool of azure blue liquid suddenly gathered in front of Xiao Yan in the blood hole, and these liquids were the origin of Mu Yingying The fire was vaguely drawn to look like Mu Yingying!

"Yingying..." Forcibly enduring the fire of the source that was pulled away from his heart, Xiao Yan's veins burst, and the sweat dripped from his forehead like pea beads, and he suddenly murmured with a smile.

Mu Yingying's heart has long since been transformed into Xiao Yan's holy flame heart. Now that the power of Mu Yingying's origin is separated from her heart, not to mention how much loss it will cause to Xiao Yan. Ordinary people can bear.

As much as half of the original fire in her heart was pulled away, her heart trembled violently. It seemed that Mu Yingying's subconscious was clear that it would cause irreparable damage to Xiao Yan, so she took the initiative to cut off the connection.

"Holy Flame Crystal!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the azure blue prismatic crystal, which had been safely stored by Xiao Yan, was slowly poured into the phantom of Mu Yingying in front of the Dao.

"It must be successful..." Seeing the azure blue crystal slowly sinking into Mu Yingying's phantom's forehead, Xiao Yan lightly dealt with the hole in his chest. with the changes ahead.

The first step of resurrection is to force out Mu Yingying's source power, and then add Sheng Yanjing to reshape a body for her.

The next step is to use Acacia Broken Enteritis Resurrection!

If the first step fails, the next action is unnecessary.

"Weng buzzing!" The phantom of Mu Yingying, which was completely outlined by the azure blue liquid, was like a newborn baby after the azure blue holy flame crystal was injected, and the phantom slowly became solid and faint. The appointment turned out to be clear.

"Success." Seeing Mu Yingying who was in front of Xiu gradually recovering her human body, even if she couldn't feel any breath or temperature at this time, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly became sore, and a trace of tears could not help but spin.

It finally worked!

The source of the holy flame forced out by the holy flame heart, together with the holy flame crystal, really reshaped the body for Mu Yingying, and the next resurrection would probably be quite simple.

"Senior..." After accomplishing this step, Xiao Yan did not dare to act rashly, and hurriedly asked.

"Inject lovesickness into her body."

"However, the combination of various holy flames in your body must be injected into her mind. Otherwise, once the two holy flames collide, the power will be enough to truly destroy her."

"And she is a human being converted from Shengyan. Only in this way can she truly gain a new life." Xiao Sensheng hovered above Xiao Yan's head and said slowly, but there was a rather sad sadness in his voice What else do seniors care about? "Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Lovesickness Broken Enteric inflammation can revive her... But in this case, you will lose two holy flames at the same time."

"Because the power of Acacia and Broken Enteritis is used to resurrect her lover, then she will be completely absorbed by it." Xiao Sensheng shook his head weakly.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, his pupils glowed with a hint of seriousness, and the pink flames and holy flame crystals on the palms were thrown together towards Mu Yingying surrounded by blue flames. At the same time, Xiao Yan's mind was The cultivation route of Fen Jue in the depths also rushed towards Mu Yingying.

Although Fen Jue is extremely precious, the two holy flames are also fatally attractive to Xiao Yan, but compared to Mu Yingying, what is this?

Once the rosy face died for the king,

Hold a foot for half a night and walk into the ghost world.

If you want to ask what is in the sky,

Even the Acacia complex Jiao people.