Chapter 143: before leaving!

"That's right, Brother Hu, it's this kid." Yue Yu also said, and then her soul force quietly signaled to Xiao Yan.

"Not bad, this huge soul power is beyond the reach of ordinary people, and I see that the fire attribute in this kid seems to be an alchemist?" The middle-aged man also frowned slightly, obviously this first Xiao Yan was a little surprised.

"Senior praised me wrongly, but it's just a fluke. How dare you compare yourself to your senior." Xiao Yan also got up after hearing this, and then clasped his fists towards the middle-aged man. But my heart was shocked. Although I didn't suppress my breath, I could see some of my foundation just by looking at it like this, and it can be seen from calling Yueyu brothers that the relationship between the two should be good, and even their strength should be...

"Hahaha, you kid, to obtain good fortune requires more than strength, luck is also a part of strength, so you don't have to be so humble." The middle-aged man was also very satisfied. With his vicious eyes, he could naturally see that this boy named Xiao Yan and Others are different, lacking a kind of aloof attitude like that of a noble son.

"I heard Brother Yue long ago that you said in your letter that the boy who obtained the fortune of the ruins this time is not easy. When I look at it today, it is really extraordinary. I want to come to this "Xuan Sankai" this time will be even more exciting." The middle-aged man is also Road with a smile.

"Hahaha, my daughter and little friend Xiao Yan have asked Brother Hu since Xuansan three days." Yue Yu also said with a smile.

The middle-aged man looked at Yue Yu and said with a smile, "I'm just in charge of receiving and leading, Xuan Santian is not something I can say, but brother Yue, why do you still talk so much about our friendship? I will naturally take care of it. Good to them."

"If you weren't busy today, I would definitely drink three hundred cups with you!" Yue Yu also laughed.

"But Xuan Tiantian is very strict when recruiting his disciples, so he needs to pay attention to a few points."

"First, the origin must be clear. For those whose origin is unknown, sects other than Solomon will not be accepted by the sects within the three days of Xuan. After all, the major sects in the three days of Xuan also pay great attention to their image, so those whose origins are unclear will definitely not accept them. Received."

"Second, the talent of Tianzi is better. The road of cultivation is inherently difficult and difficult. Without a good Tianzi, it will only waste the time of vain cultivators and make no progress. Therefore, we also advise those with insufficient Tianzi. Don't waste your time."

"The third is to be able to endure hardships and stand hard work, to get rid of the stubbornness of the child's character, and one must not give up easily, but must be strong-willed. Cultivation is not as easy as imagined. Without persevering determination and long time, it is difficult to achieve anything."

"Fourth, when you enter a sect, you must go through strict screening and allocate training resources according to your natural talents. Therefore, not everyone can enter the sect to learn powerful exercises and fighting skills. It all depends on you. talent and strength." The middle-aged man said slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also frowned. Obviously, the middle-aged man said there are no problems except the unknown origin, but the problem is here...

"Hahaha, what Brother Hu said is very true, but this little friend Xiao Yan is a first-grade emperor alchemist, and he is also a worship elder of our Yue family, so there shouldn't be an unknown origin, right?" Yue Yu also has a keen eye. , saw Xiao Yan's concerns at a glance, and then said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Although this kid is young and his soul strength is not weak, but a first-rank emperor alchemist, this is too much..." The middle-aged Hu Du pondered.

As for Hu Du, who has been in Xuantian Sansan all the year round, he is very clear. This so-called emperor-rank first-rank pharmacist may not be very outstanding in Xuansansan, but what is outstanding is his age. Possessing such a powerful medicine refining technique is enough to show that this kid has a high talent for refining medicine. If it is true, then this kid named Xiao Yan is too terrifying.

"Haha, Brother Hu, when did I lie to you?"

"Moreover, countless people in our Yue family have seen with our own eyes that Xiao Yan Xiaoyou has refined a first-grade emperor-rank medicinal pill, and successfully subdued it." Yue Yu also said.

"Huh?" The middle-aged Hu Du also moved his eyes slightly, and then locked Xiao Yan firmly.

"In that case, it's a family." The middle-aged man also smiled, as if he was thinking about something.

He knows Yue Yu's character and habits, so since this Xiao Yan can be accepted as the worship elder of their Yue family, there is no need to worry about his origin.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan felt relieved when he saw the actions and words and deeds of the middle-aged and Yue Yu, and then sat down.

Yueru is also a medicinal pill Xiao Yan, and then sits tightly beside Xiao Yan.

"Ru'er, haven't seen your Uncle Hu yet?" Yue Yu also said.

"Yueru has met Uncle Hu." When Yueru heard this, she also stood up and gave a salute to the middle-aged man, but Yueru's previous actions were seen by the middle-aged man.

"I was still a baby when I held you, and I never imagined that I would grow into a lady." The middle-aged man also laughed hahaha.

"Yeah, time flies quickly, and decades have passed since we separated..." Yue Yu couldn't help but sigh.

"Are the two of them going this time?" Hu Du also knew Yue Yu's habit. Once he mentioned it, it was like a surging river, and he hurriedly changed the subject.

"Yes, this time we in Qingcheng are my precious daughter Yueru and the elder Xiao Yan." Yueyu also said.

Looking at Yue Yu and Hu Du in front of them, they chatted a lot again, but most of them were their childhood memories.

"Okay, Brother Hu, you've come all the way, and you must be tired. You'll rest here today, and I'll take care of you in the evening." Yue Yu also said that it was getting late.

"Alright, but don't forget my mission." Hu Du also yawned.

"Don't worry, I have already informed people in other cities that they will come to Qingcheng tomorrow, and you can take them away together, saving a lot of trouble." Yue Yu had already made arrangements.

"Let's all go down, the two of you have a good rest, and you should be leaving tomorrow." Yue Yu sent Hu Du away to rest, and then said to Yue Ru and Xiao Yan beside her.

The two also nodded when they heard the words, and then went back to the room.

This time, the messenger who came to the seven major cities near Qingcheng to go to Xuantian Sansan was named Hu Du, who was also a peak powerhouse of the Five-Star Dou Di. Since Hu Du first came to Qingcheng, he was entertained by Yueyu and lived in Yue's house. The following is enough to illustrate the iron-like relationship between the two.

Hearing the arrival of the messenger, several people from other major cities also came to Qingcheng one after another. Of course, Yueyu's help was inevitable.

In the ghost's wooden house, Yueru also found that she couldn't sleep today, and murmured as she looked at Xiao Yan's room where the lights had already been turned off.

"This is the first time I've traveled far. I'm really reluctant to bear my father..."

"Xiao Yan?"

"Don't try to escape from Miss Ben's palm."

In the wooden house opposite Yueru, whose lights had long since been turned off, a thin figure suddenly shuddered.

Ask for a ticket~