Chapter Vol 2 799: Resent Mingjiao!

"Be careful!" Facing the sudden powerhouse, Xu Guang snorted at his entourage while fighting Xiu Qi!

Because even Xu Guang, who was as powerful as the seven-star Dou Di in the early stage, felt a burst of horror at the splendid flames on Xiao Yan's body!

And his entourage is only a six-star Dou Emperor Consummation, but the feeling is even more terrifying!

"You'd better deal with it first and then talk about it!" Seeing Xiao Yan's return, Xiu Qi immediately stopped worrying about Mu Yingying and the others.

Although Xiao Yan's strength is only a complete Six-Star Dou Emperor, even if he is himself, he may not be able to defeat him, so facing the complete Six-Star Dou Emperor's entourage, there is no need to worry.

"Not good!" Ever since Xiao Yan appeared, Xu Guang's entourage freely gave his incomparably vicious hidden weapon to the **, and immediately knew that Xiao Yan was not easy to mess with, but just when he wanted to escape from this place, he was blocked by Xiao Yan. .

"Die!" The ancient ruler of the Eternal Flame in Xiao Yan's hand quickly lifted up, extremely dazzling, and then slashed directly at the entourage as fast as lightning!

This Xu Guang's follower is too fast, how can he have the speed of his own strange fire and ancient ruler.

"Gulu." The ruler went up and down, and the next moment, Xu Guang's pupils shrank tightly, because he was shocked to see that his entourage was cut in half by Xiao Yan!

The head and body split instantly, and then the blood erupted like a volcanic eruption!

In a short time, there will be no life!

"Ahhh!" Seeing this, Xu Guang roared angrily. Although his entourage was weak, but fortunately he had a tacit understanding with him for many years, and now he was directly beheaded by Xiao Yan, how could he not be angry!

And if this matter is passed back to the Ming Cult, I am afraid that I will be troubled a lot!

"It's up to you to take the blame." Xiao Yan spoke directly when he saw that he had killed the entourage who was trying to kill the two girls with a hidden weapon.

However, just after Xiao Yan finished speaking, he stared at Xiu Qi and Xu Guang who were fighting beside him. With Xiao Yan's perception, he naturally knew that Xiu Qi did not use all his strength.

Then he cast a glance at this lifeless follower, his eyes flickering uncertainly.

"Refining the body for the ancestors, although there are magical beasts and blood essence of the five-element beasts, but the body of the medicine pill and Doudi powerhouse is still missing..." The next moment, Xiao Yan directly lost all vitality The body of the follower will be included in your own ring!

"Boy, give me back his body!" After a while, Xu Guang was furious when he saw Xiao Yan put away the body of his entourage. , broke free from Xiu Qi's shackles in an instant, and then roared away at Xiao Yan!

Seeing this, Qin Xin and Mu Yingying nodded slightly to Xiao Yan. It was obvious that such a vicious hidden weapon had just appeared. If Xiao Yan hadn't appeared, they would have been in a very dangerous situation. , after all, this is only the periphery of the ruins, not the center of the ruins. If too many killers are exposed, it is not good enough.

"No need." Faced with Xu Guang's roar, Xiao Yan said lightly, and immediately prepared to deal with Xu Guang.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If it was someone else, forget it, but this Xu Guang’s subordinates actually used such a sinister hidden weapon to attack their people in the Burning Incense Pavilion. Naturally, Xiao Yan would not sit idly by.

"I want to see how much strength this guy has." Xiu Qi closed her hands slightly, then returned to Yue Ru's side, the corners of her mouth moved slightly.

Xiu Qi's strength is stronger than Xu Guang's, so Xiu Qi didn't use all his strength in the battle between Xiu Qi and Xu Guang just now, but only entangled Xu Guang. Xu Guang couldn't support for many rounds and was defeated.

As for the words just now, it was obviously what Xiao Yan said to Xiu Qi.

"Is he going to be alright?" Seeing her senior sister retreating directly, Yueru asked worriedly. After all, she wanted to challenge Xu Guang in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor with the help of the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, but it was a little difficult.

"Don't worry, your little lover is much more powerful than you imagined." Xiu Qi said something, and then stopped talking.

"Give me death!" A dangerous aura emerged from Xu Guang's silver body!

"The powerhouses in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di..."

"It's nothing more than that!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then the dazzling Different Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler lifted directly and shot towards Xu Guang!

Although the powerhouses in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di were terrifying, Xiao Yan was not afraid!

"Boom boom boom!" Xu Guang's dazzling silver-white vitality was attacked by Xiao Yan, and he immediately became distracted.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xu Guang's anger was temporarily suppressed by Xiao Yan's powerful strength!

Xu Guang knew clearly that the man holding a heavy ruler in front of him, the gorgeous flame on his body actually made his life force tremble slightly!

"If you don't take good care of your subordinates, you will end up now." Xiao Yan took Xu Guang's seemingly terrifying blow and spoke immediately.

Others are afraid of his identity as a Ming Sect, but Xiao Yan is not afraid. For those who dare to touch their Burning Incense Pavilion, Xiao Yan will definitely not show mercy!

"Boy, how dare you kill our Ming Sect people!" Xu Guang hesitated for a moment, turned his head and saw Xiu Qi staring at him with malicious intent, making a slight noise.

At this time, he is only the strength of the Seven Star Dou Di in the early stage, but there are many people here who can kill him, so Xu Guang also has the intention of retreating?

"Ming Cult?"

"I also want to ask you Mingjiao, who has the guts to use hidden weapons to kill our Wanhua Pavilion and Fenxiang Pavilion people, why is it!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, trying to use the sect to scare Xiao Yan, obviously Xiao Yan Don't be afraid!

"You don't want to deceive people too much!" Xu Guang heard the words and wished to kill Xiao Yan directly and immediately said angrily.

"Too deceiving?"

"Why didn't you ask him when your follower shot just now?"

"You still dare to question us now."

"I think you are..." Xiao Yan said here, and a murderous intent emerged, obviously even in the face of Ming Sect disciples!

Xiao Yan's choice, since ancient times, is that people don't offend me and I don't offend others. If others move him, they will never let him go!

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, Xu Guang's eyes suddenly became distracted, and he obviously wanted to retreat. After all, Xu Guang alone could not handle Xiao Yan and his team.

"Since you're here, let's stay." Xiao Yan slowly followed, and then he lifted his palm gently, and a gorgeous lotus of annihilation slowly appeared.

With the appearance of this lotus seed, Xu Guang suddenly felt a wave of death, and then hesitantly, the speed increased to the extreme, and he fled into the distance!

Xu Guang knew clearly that if he was touched by this fire lotus, he would have to peel off his skin even if he didn't die!

"Want to run?"

"How can it be so easy!"

"Huangquan is angry!" A roar resounded through the sky!

"Ah ah ah!" The source Xu Guang could still escape from Xiao Yan's attack, but at the last moment, he was blocked by Xiao Yan's soul power, and then all the dazzling flame fluctuations hit his body without a trace !

The sound of screams echoed over the entire Purple Bamboo Forest!

Ask for tickets!