Chapter Vol 4 1217: Xuanjing

"Huhu."

"The guardian of the tenth floor is a soul beast of the late two-star Dou Xian, and the ninth floor is a perfect soul beast of the two-star Dou Xian."

"I'm afraid that on the eighth floor, we will be greeted by soul beasts that are comparable to the three-star fighting immortals of human beings." After the people defeated the corpse stone Brahma Scorpion, they were not busy leaving the first time. After all, the eighth floor greeted them at the meeting. It is a more terrifying existence, and naturally, it is necessary to restore the consumed vindictive energy first.

But fortunately, these people's cultivation skills are not low. After a while, their fighting qi will return to the same level as before.

And when Yu Yifeng talked about the three-star fighting immortal-level soul beast, the eyes of everyone present became gloomy.

They know that the two-star Dou Xian and the three-star Dou Xian are a watershed. No matter how tyrannical the two-star Dou Xian is and the terrifying means of attack, when dealing with the three-star Dou Xian, the power will be greatly reduced.

"There is one thing I have to remind you in advance." After seeing everyone's vindictive reply, the little girl Luyin said to Yu Yifeng with a serious look.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What?" Yu Yifeng was also surprised when he heard the words.

"This eighth floor gives me a very strong sense of unease. I suggest you all be prepared. If you lose, retreat directly." The little girl said solemnly.

Although Luyin wanted to devour a certain creature in the Ice and Fire Island in order to restore his strength, but if he was defeated, he would naturally have to retreat.

"Very strong unease?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he spoke slowly, apparently even he didn't notice it.

"The person you want to save is probably on the eighth floor, but the guardian on the eighth floor gave me a wave of death."

"To put it bluntly, I don't think you have any chance of winning just by relying on you guys."

"If his strength reaches the Three Star Fighting Immortal, then he has a half chance of winning." Luyin had no need to hide, and said slowly towards Xiao Yan.

"Do you know what kind of soul beast the guardian on the eighth floor is?" Razer on the side couldn't help asking.

"do not know."

"Because the guardians on each floor of Icefire Island appear randomly, for example, the last time you came, the soul beast you encountered on the tenth floor and the soul beast you encountered on the tenth floor this time, although the strength is the same, but it is impossible It's the same kind of soul beast." Luyin said solemnly.

"Let's take one step at a time." Yu Yifeng also nodded secretly after hearing this.

The reason why they came to save the person was because they received a commission, and this commission was under the almighty of the ghost world. Although their jade family was quite critical of the commission, and there were many holes in the commission, but their jade The family is tyrannical, and it is not as good as the existence of the ghost world who can only cover the sky, so he has to do it.

Otherwise, once he angers that ghost world power, I am afraid that their Yu family will be wiped out.

"Let's go out first." After a while, Liu Qing spoke first.

"Let's go, let's go and see what treasures are on this floor, and then I'm afraid we need to take a long-term plan for the eighth floor." Shuiyue said with a smile.

When everyone heard the words, they nodded slightly, and then walked towards the exit. After all, they have reached the eighth floor, and victory is ahead. If they go back like this, I am afraid they will not be reconciled.

And their team, in terms of strength, has Yu Yifeng, a powerhouse in the middle of the three-star battle of immortals, and in terms of soul power, there is Xiao Yan, an alchemist who almost reached the soul of fairyland. If you want to break through the eighth floor, you should not difficult.

"Pfft." Everyone left the guardian space on the ninth floor, and then came to a dark passage with ease.

"Da da da." Just after pouring into this passage, all the lights were on the surrounding walls, and the lights were lit directly, illuminating the path of everyone.

"The temperature on the ninth floor is a bit cold." Yu Xiaoye was also much better than at the beginning. When faced with danger, she was no longer at a loss, but felt a little quieter.

However, Yu Xiaoye was also extremely puzzled. When she was at home, she was an eldest young lady anyway. In private, many powerhouses fought against her, but they all lost to her.

But now that she came out to follow her second uncle Yu's legacy, she realized that the opponents in the family were only trying to gain her own joy and thus lost to her, otherwise, once this kind of life-and-death struggle, Yu Xiaoye would be defeated in an instant.

But fortunately, this experience has brought a lot to her.

"It's strange, why is there a faint trace of unease in my soul realm?" While everyone was walking in the passage on the ninth floor, towards the place where the spoils and the wicked were imprisoned, Xiao Yan said in surprise. .

Xiao Yan didn't pay attention when Luyin said it at first, but as he went down, the feeling seemed to become more uneasy.

You must know that Xiao Yan's current soul power is only a little bit worse than that of the fairyland. The only thing that can make Xiao Yan's soul power fear is the real fairyland soul.

And how difficult is it to cultivate a fairyland soul?

Not only talent is needed, but also the condensed spiritual palace!

It can be said without hesitation that the soul power will make a qualitative leap after breaking through the fairyland. The fundamental reason is that the soul power is not a mass of scattered sand in the soul realm, but is condensed to form an extremely powerful spiritual palace. !

As soon as the Spirit Palace comes out, who will compete with you!

"It's here." Just as Xiao Yan was thinking about what kind of creatures on the eighth floor could actually make him fear, Yu Yifeng said slowly.

After Jade Legacy finished speaking, in front of everyone, a golden treasure chest that was exactly the same as the tenth floor stood out.

"Little Ye, go ahead." Seeing that everyone didn't mean to move at all, Yu Yifeng said directly.

"Ah? Me?" Although Yu Xiaoye had grown through several battles, she was still a little scared at this time.

"Don't worry about Little Ye sister, it's very simple." Liu Qing also encouraged Yu Xiaoye from the side.

"En." Yu Xiaoye nodded slightly when she heard the words, then gathered up her courage and walked up slowly like a green lotus step.

"I hope there is something good." The rest of the Hawkeye team couldn't help but say when they saw Yu Xiaoye's actions.

Although they do this for the family, everyone is selfish. They walk on the tip of the knife all the year round. If some treasures appear at a certain time, it is enough to make them worry about food and clothing. At that time, they will fade away this special identity, so as to find a place to settle down.

"Squeak." With a sound, Yu Xiaoye slapped the treasure chest with her slender hand. At that time, the golden treasure chest would slowly open under everyone's attention.

"Weng buzzing!" And just after Yu Xiaoye opened the treasure chest, the entire passage was filled with an unusually bright golden color!

"What's this?" Xiao Yan had never encountered such a situation for a while, but the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him emitted a trace of fiery heat.

"This is... Xuanjing?" When Yu Yifeng saw the dazzling golden light, he walked up quickly, and only lost his voice when he saw the quiet thing in the treasure chest.