Chapter 164: Danfang!

"Master, what happened to what you just said?" Xiao Yan also quickly left the teahouse, found a hidden place, repeatedly confirmed that no one was following, and then asked.

"I don't know why, there is an extremely obscure aura about that dao-robed boy, which seems to be somewhat similar to the ghosts in the ghost world, but a little different..." The voice of the Golden Dragon King appeared slowly, and Xiao Xiao was in his voice. It is not difficult for Yan to hear that his master, the Golden Dragon King, is also unpredictable.

"A ghost?"

"So the missing person might be related to him?" Xiao Yan also asked in surprise.

"No, not necessarily, the aura on his body is a little weird..."

"In short, it doesn't feel like a ghost in the ghost world, but the breath is a little weird, and there are some ghosts on the body. The reason why you can't detect his strength may be because there is something in him that isolates your strength detection." Jinlong Wang also said after thinking carefully.

"Well, I just don't know if it's an enemy or a friend."

"But look at what he said, he is also one of the members of this trial, and I hope that I won't meet him at that time." Xiao Yan also said solemnly, although it is not that Xiao Yan is afraid of him, but the aura of his body gives Xiao Yan a breath Weird feeling.

"It seems that we need to pay attention to this person named Mu Feng." Xiao Yan also had a plan, and then slowly walked towards his other itinerary today, a prosperous place.

At the intersection of several streets, there is a huge building. The clouds and smoke are lingering in the building. The two characters "Danfang" that dance with flying and phoenix are from the hands of famous people, and it is not difficult to find that this huge building is Being able to be at the intersection with the most traffic is enough to show the status of this building.

This is the purpose of Xiao Yan's trip.

"Please show your alchemist level." Two burly figures stopped Xiao Yan from the door and said gently.

There are only two types of people who can enter the "Pill Square". One is a person with a strong background who can buy medicine pills, and the other is a high-level pharmacist!

They also auctioned the medicinal pills they refined in exchange for some precious medicinal materials or fighting skills.

"Sorry, I didn't bring the Medal of Alchemist." Xiao Yan also said.

"Then why did your Excellency come here?" Although the seemingly weak man in front of him was not an alchemist, he was also something they couldn't afford to offend.

A pharmacist is like a hornet's nest, and he cannot be provoked at all, because as long as a pharmacist is provoked, it will be quite a headache in the face of endless revenge. But even if it was not a pharmacist, the two of them still respectfully said, after all, they have gathered a lot of geniuses from all over the world, and the above also told them not to cause trouble.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The pill square has three floors. The first floor is where ordinary people buy pills. This place has the largest number of people, but pills and medicinal materials are also common, and there are not too few pills."

"Second floor, those who can enter the second floor are all powerful people or those with superb refining skills." The two also said respectfully.

"Um?"

"What about the third floor?" Xiao Yan also asked in doubt.

"The third floor is not open to the public."

"Unless..." The two gatekeepers also whispered.

"Unless what?"

"Unless you are a four-star fighting emperor or an emperor-level pharmacist, you are only eligible to enter." The two gatekeepers also categorically did not believe that the young boy in front of them would be one of them.

"Got it." Xiao Yan agreed casually.

"Please." After speaking, the two also made a gesture of invitation. Although the man did not carry a rank medal, his soul power could not be faked.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also strode in.

Entering the "Danfang", the first floor is the first floor. Sweep the first floor at will, and find that there are many people here, some selling medicinal herbs, some selling medicinal materials, but more of them are constantly walking around. , obviously the threshold of refining pharmacists is also determined by the limited number of refining pharmacists.

After looking around, Xiao Yan found that there was nothing he liked on the first floor, and Xiao Yan also walked helplessly towards the second floor.

There are also two guardians guarding the gate of the second floor. Obviously, the division of entrants on each floor is extremely strict.

Seeing Xiao Yan walking towards the second floor, the two at the door also looked at each other. Just as they were about to call out Xiao Yan, part of Xiao Yan's soul power was released in an instant, and the terrifying power also made the two of them not much. What to say, because this has the qualifications to enter the second floor!

Once entering the second floor, the flow of people has obviously decreased, and the quality of medicinal pills has gradually improved.

Xiao Yan also wandered slowly. After all, every time he attended such a gathering, it was quite time-consuming. Good things had to be discovered by himself, so he couldn't be in a hurry.

"Shadow Pill! Auxiliary pill for the ninth-grade peak! Swallowing this pill can hide its aura for a short period of time. Unless it is discovered by a strong person above the first level, others will not be able to discover it."

"In exchange for this pill, you only need one pill of the same level or three rare medicinal herbs. Don't miss it when you pass by." A seemingly lean man said.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also looked over with interest, looked at the black medicine pill, then shook his head, and just wanted to walk away.

"How about this young man? Would you like to exchange my medicinal pill, this is the only magic medicine for hiding and running away, it is rare." The lean man was also optimistic that it would be difficult for someone to notice him, and hurriedly said ~www .mtlnovel.com~ I'm afraid I'll let this gold owner go.

"Although the effect of your shadow pill is good, it is only a ninth-grade treasure pill at best. Among the pills of the same level, you are considered to have the lowest medicinal power. It is really expensive to exchange so many things..." Xiao Yan also said How can an expert alchemist be regarded as a gold master by this lean person.

And this kind of medicinal pill is only made by those who are ignorant and incompetent. Otherwise, under normal circumstances, pharmacists will rarely make medicinal medicinal pills that are just like chicken ribs.

"That's that, that's..." The lean figure also knew that he had met a connoisseur, and was not holding back.

After all, as the saying goes, as soon as an expert makes a move, he will know if there is any.

Xiao Yan then walked aimlessly on the second floor when suddenly something in front of an old man attracted him.

"Hey, hey, if you don't buy it, what are you going to see?"

"You have to pay me if you look bad!" An old man also looked at Xiao Yan lazily. After all, seeing Xiao Yan's appearance as a weak scholar, he knew that his background might not be enough.

"Mushugen, volcanic stone..." Ignoring the old man's admonition, Xiao Yan called out unfamiliar names one by one.

"Oh." Hearing that Xiao Yan was able to call out the herbs in front of him with good words, the old man's original lazy eyes were also looking at Xiao Yan.

The medicinal herbs in front of him were found with great pains and hardships, but the boy in front of him could say his name in one bite, and the old man had to look at Xiao Yan again.

There are two more episodes today at 1:00 pm!