Chapter Vol 4 1689: The battle of Li Soul Realm, open!

"Bai Ze, eat the sky, summon all the generals on the current ship, and in ten minutes, divide the attack route under the master statue." In an instant, with Hao Ni'er's tyrannical voice, the pressure of the superiors permeated, Like a true overlord of heaven and earth, there is no doubt that the Queen's breath is on display.

"My subordinates take orders!" As Hao Ni'er's voice fell, the eyes of several strong men suddenly glowed with gloom, and they said excitedly.

After waiting for so long, it was finally time to start a complete war, and with Hao Ni'er's opening, the entire Soul Eater Domain also took action, and everyone's grievances against her disappeared. No matter what, Hao Ni'er's strength He Xinxing is among the top ranks in Soul Eater Domain. Outside Soul Eater Domain, she is more prosperous under her rule, so everyone is willing to be dispatched.

"..." After a while, only Xiao Yan and Hao Ni'er were left here.

"Senior sister, teacher, he..." Seeing no one around, Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask slightly.

"Teacher should be in a special void at this time to recover his strength, but even if there is a Qidu Diversion Soul Cup, I don't know how long it will take."

"And now I don't know why, the Demon of Light attacked Li Soul Territory with all her strength. This is a fighter that we can't delay. The subordinates are very resentful. If they don't start a war, I'm afraid people will panic." Blinking said, the suppression of the strong men has caused a lot of dissatisfaction, and now it is just taking advantage of Xiao Yan's return to trigger a battle.

"War." Xiao Yan nodded helplessly. Obviously, a battle of this level is destined to lose many strong people, and such a scene is probably shocking.

"Senior sister, could this be the conspiracy of the Devil of Light?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"No, the origin of the Light Demon is mysterious, and it is said that the Light Demon and the Master of Li Soul have a mortal hatred, so I don't know the details."

"And even if it is a conspiracy, it can only be hard, but even if it is a conspiracy, I can make them pay the price." Hao Ni'er responded, and the voice contained a terrifying fluctuation that was enough to make the world pale.

"Is there anything I can help?" Xiao Yan asked after a few minutes of calm.

"It's fine for now."

"However, I found that little junior brother, your body seems to be a little different from before." At the end of the sentence, Hao Ni'er said with a smile, being able to let Hao Ni'er say this is enough to show how tyrannical the things in Xiao Yan's body are.

"I devoured the fire of immortality. Now that my strength has reached the mid-stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortals, I should be able to help Senior Sister and you." Xiao Yan said directly without concealing it.

"No wonder……"

"However, this battle involves too much, and there are foreign evil clans and many hidden forces that are eyeing them. You should not participate. This is also to protect you. After all, the identity of the master of the holy flame and the Xiao clan..." Look With Xiao Yan like this, Hao Ni'er hesitated.

"Senior sister, I'm also the teacher's disciple, and the teacher's hatred, I must participate, and I also need Acacia Brokenheartitis. I can't help but participate in this battle." Xiao Yan clenched his fists tightly, and said with a stern brow.

"But at worst, you're going to die."

"I won't die, senior sister believe me!"

"I can't explain to the teacher when you are dead!"

"Sister!"

"You..." Inside the quiet house, Xiao Yan and Hao Ni'er quarreled word by word.

"Forget it, forget it, the master explained it to me before retreating, and it really can't beat you."

"You can participate in this battle, but remember to do your best. As for Acacia Broken Enteritis, I am afraid it is still in the hands of the Lord of Li Soul at this time."

"And according to the news I got, it seems that the retreat of the Lord of Souls is not over. After the outbreak of this war, you can take advantage of the chaos to join the temple of the Lord of Souls, and I will send you to a team, but You have a special status and are wanted by Li Hunyu, so you need to disguise yourself." Hao Ni'er kept saying.

"Did you dress up..." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile. The source of ghost face and soul flame is camouflage. Although this camouflage is only useful for the ghost world, using this kind of camouflage, unless the Eight Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse takes action, Otherwise, it will not be detected.

"Thank you, Senior Sister." Xiao Yan nodded happily when he heard the words. This is a range that he can accept, and whether it is the Second Domain War or Acacia Heartbroken, it is very important to Xiao Yan.

"By the way, Senior Sister, your power..." After a while, Xiao Yan wondered.

Now Hao Ni'er's power has actually reached the eight-star Dou Xian consummation, and this level of power is already as tyrannical as the peak-level Soul Eater.

"In order to make this war a complete success, the teacher gave me the Soul Eater Talisman. I devoured it and reached this point." Hao Nier said helplessly. When the Master of Soul Eater gave the Soul Eater Talisman to himself, Hao Ni said helplessly. Er is resolutely not, because the Soul Eater who broke through the reincarnation needs this thing more than himself. Unfortunately, after the last Soul Eater retreated, Hao Nier found that the soul information left by the teacher was only the same.

"Let's go, little junior brother, I'll take you to see the powerhouses in our Soul Eater Domain." After a while, Hao Ni'er's silver cloak showed off, setting off her delicate body like a fairy that can't eat fireworks, and the silver mist all over her body , like a real empress of the ages!

After a while, the two came to the hall one after the other.

The hall is divided into two floors. The steps on the second floor go up and down. Below is a crowd of strong people. Dozens of strong people stare at the statues in the hall. As for the top, a statue is lifelike. The black throne slowly appeared, dragons and phoenixes danced on the black throne, and countless supreme powers permeated.

"Welcome the Queen!" Seeing Hao Ni'er's expression, many strong men said in unison.

"Report to the Queen Now there are all the generals on the space ship in the Soul Eater Domain, a total of 152 people, all gathered, please instruct the Queen." Bai Ze was wearing blue armor, like a statue Like a true **** of war, he walks the most solemn etiquette.

"Everyone, my lord has returned, everyone can rest assured."

"Everything that the Lord of Li Soul has committed to our Soul Devouring Domain must be repaid with blood today."

"In this battle, only success is allowed, not failure."

"Bai Ze obeyed and ordered you to bring one-fifth of the strong to attack the Court of Adjudication of the Five Courts!"

"..."

"Yuanfeng, order you to bring one-fifth of the strong and Xiao Yan to attack the next fortress of the Senate together."

"The two guardians and elders, follow me to the front line and watch the changes. Remember, before the five major courtyards are broken, the eight-star fighting immortals cannot take action, let alone appear. If you encounter the demon guards of the demon of light, don't talk to them. It found a conflict..."

"If the Demon Guard insists on entanglement, it will be cut off." A majestic voice emerged from Hao Ni'er's indifferent tone.

"Definitely!"

"Let's go!" Immediately, Soul Eater Domain belonged to, and left here in a mighty manner, and attacked the five major courtyards. For a time, Li Soul Domain was facing the simultaneous attack of the Devil of Light and Soul Eater Domain, and the situation was quite endangered.