Chapter Vol 4 1811: Fleeing from life and death, the Thunder Lord clone came! ...

At the bottom of the devil's lair, which had been completely collapsed and broken, the Dark Underworld Master and Ji Xuan and others had already fled most of them along the exit, but at this time, the place was in a mess.

At the bottom of the devil's lair, the holy and bright aura of the angels and the aura of the holy flame of Xiao Yan, the power of the divine artifact, stunned the entire space, and countless ground cracked like the end of the day. The power of resistance was completely slain by Yu Bo, who was directly attacked by the two, and both body and spirit were destroyed!

In the space, the wings of the two angels merged into one, turning into a golden light, with a touch of unreasonable divine power like the laws of heaven and earth, and suddenly came into contact with the flame of the holy ruler bursting out by Xiao Yan.

"Boom!" The harsh sound and the energy ripples produced by the explosion appeared like a tragic scene of world destruction. At the same time, the golden beam of light and the flame of the flame quietly opposed each other, and there was no sign of winning or losing.

"Bang bang bang!" As the energy ripples spread by the two attacks swept across, in the devil's lair, some human beings, sin guards and other humans left behind, countless screams were not released, and they were completely destroyed under the energy ripples.

There is a special enchantment in the devil's lair, which is enough to isolate most of the strong human beings from the exploration, and can also shelter the sea beasts, so that the devil's lair is not affected by the outside world, but at this moment, the energy of the two is completely shattered.

The desolate and tragic energy tide is like the wrath of the gods. In the core of this devil sea, a huge vortex of more than a thousand feet swayed. The vortex is like a black hole, greedily swallowing countless creatures and sea areas.

"Shabu!" With a sound, the attack at the bottom continued. I saw the flame god's light beating lightly, and a wisp of power to destroy all things emerged, completely smashing the golden holy light.

"Pfft!" A mouthful of blood suddenly overflowed from the corner of Mekal's mouth, looking at the defeated self with disbelief, and the power of the chiman seemed to turn into nothingness after defeating his attack.

You are a dignified traveling angel, and you actually lost?

"Go!" At this moment, the entire devil's lair was completely submerged by a huge turbulent sea water, the space collapsed, and the sea water covered it. The secret base of this sin was also completely disintegrated at this moment.

"Weng Om!" Hearing the last words of the ancient emperor Tuo She, Xiao Yan took over his body, exerting his vindictive energy to the limit, and with the explosive technique, he quickly escaped from here.

The blow just now had consumed all the power of the ancient emperor Tuoshe, but Xiao Yan also knew that the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire could evolve, its limit, the future... an artifact.

However, Xiao Yan now has no time to think so much. The attack just now was indeed the victory of the ancient emperor Tuoshe, but unfortunately it did not cause much damage to Mekal. Once Mekal is killing, I am afraid Xiao Yan will really be killed Forced into a corner, at this time, what was almost imprinted in the deepest part of Xiao's body trembled quietly.

That is the power of thunder, the gray thunder that surpasses heaven and earth.

"Boom..."

"What a terrifying scene, is this really something that a five-star fighting immortal can display?" Ji Xuan and the others, who were constantly fleeing the sea and heading towards Shuiyuan City with the help of the dark underworld, looked at the thousands of zhang cracks in the distant sea. Dizziness struck, but after a brief hesitation, Ji Xuanzai speeded up, and the angel shot, Xiao Yan was definitely not an opponent, at this time he had to go back to rescue soldiers.

"Want to go?"

"You seem to have something interesting in your body. I use my traveling angel and send you to follow me back to the Holy See for investigation. If you don't obey the order, I have the right to obliterate you here!"

"I think, at this time, you don't have that weird power anymore?" At this moment, Mekal, who was undulating violently, still maintained a high-pitched voice, facing an illusory body that had been standing quietly above the sea. said.

"..." No one answered Mekal, the shadow that Mekal was watching was still quiet.

"I was teased!"

"Where are you running!" Mekal felt something was wrong, and suddenly approached the past, only to find that this body was just an ordinary human being, but Xiao Yan had stored a trace of the original energy to confuse the public.

"Chok Cho!" Regardless of this sea area, the casualties caused by the battle in the devil's lair and the vortex of the sea area that continued to spread, relying on the angel's wings, the speed skyrocketed, turning into a stream of light, chasing and killing Xiao Yan!

At this moment, in the entire sea area, because of the disappearance of the devil's lair, countless sea beasts returned to normal, but their breath was weak and unable to struggle. There were no bones left, and a harsh roar, screams and desolation filled the entire sea area!

Above the sea area, the black hole vortex is still going on. Every time it advances, the sea surface of thousands of meters above the sea area reaches the bottom, and it is swallowed up by it, and it is still growing. would be a real catastrophe.

"Damn, that **** angel!" Xiao Yan ran away desperately, but he smelled the angel chasing after him, and Zadu raised his head and looked behind him.

A vortex like a black hole is rapidly attacking. In just a few minutes, the entire sea area has been swallowed up by one-tenth of it. If this continues, the power of the black hole is expanding, and I am afraid it will evolve into a real hell!

"No, it can't go on like this. This black hole vortex is caused by the power of the ruler and the wings of the angel. The power of the two has surpassed the basic Eight Star Fighting Immortals. A crisis of eternity."

"Let's go back." It seemed that a very important decision had been made. Xiao Yan took a deep breath, the shadows of his soul appeared all over his body, and Sheng Yan added himself.

Even if this thing started because of me, I absolutely can't let it go, because when I go forward, it is Shuiyuan City.

Xiao Yan believes that he is not a person with a mind in the world, but Xiao Yan still understands the principle of one person doing things and one person being responsible. If it is not stopped in time, I am afraid that the black hole vortex will obliterate and swallow this place.

"Are you throwing yourself into the net..." From a distance, Mekal, who watched Xiao Yan run back, suddenly laughed.

"The black hole vortex has been lifted, and you can go back to the Holy See." Xiao Yan seemed to be compromising with Mekal.

"Remove the black hole vortex?"

"You are wrong. The region, human beings, and even sea beasts here are not pure because of Marr, so they can only be destroyed."

"And you have to remember that everything here is caused by your disobedience to the angels."

"It's all because of you." Mekal smiled, then raised his pure white palm and pointed at Xiao Yan lightly.

"Pfft!" With a loud voice, the pure white light turned into a tyrannical force that knocked Xiao Yan back several hundred meters, and the bones on his body made a crisp sound. fall here

"If that's the case... let's die together." Xiao Yan reluctantly supported the heavy-colored body in his body, and smiled, his smile seemed ferocious and crazy, while speaking, the core of the battle in his body shook violentlyHoly Flame Fire , Soul Realm, Dou Core, Dou Soul and many other means, swelled up in an instant.

"Pretty good little guy, no wonder he is thought about by my inheritor day and night." Just as Xiao Yan was about to give his all, a rare gray thunder in Xiao Yan's body slowly burst out with divine power, sending Xiao Yan away. Suppressed, a light-hearted laughter emerged.

"Reincarnation... Samsara?" At this moment, looking at the woman in front of her who was surrounded by gray thunder and couldn't see her face at all, for the first time, Mekal had an expression of powerless and trying to worship.

"Lei... Thunder Master?" Xiao Yan was also dumbfounded by this sudden scene, but he also knew that when he helped Du Qifei, because of the Thunder Master, because of the Thunder Emperor's Canon, now this scene, Not too weird.

"With me here today, you can't kill him."

"The black hole vortex was lifted by the wise, otherwise..." The gray thunder was like a god's mansion, floating on the turbulent surface of the sea, and the thunder master clone also smiled quietly.

"never mind."

"Squeak." With a sound, the black hole vortex was gently smoothed out by Mekal.

"I have a good relationship with some of the powerhouses in the Holy See, and I will visit in person in the future." Lord Lei said softly.

Mekal cast a vicious glance at Xiao Yan: "I hope you can have such good luck next time."

"I'll give you this as well."

"Next time we meet, I will tear off your angel's skin and take a look at your rotten soul." Xiao Yan said.

Mekal sneered, tearing apart the space and disappearing here, apparently to track down the whereabouts of the Devil Fruit.