Chapter 326: The spiritual power classification and rank of the fighting formation division!

"The core of this silver formation is actually standing in the Ni Gong Wan inside my body slowly..."

"And looking at the appearance, it seems that he is very afraid of the magic core inscription hanging on my Ni Gong Wan!" Xiao Yan also found something wrong.

"How?"

"Have you absorbed the core of the silver formation?" Elder Zhu also looked at Xiao Yan and asked.

"Absorb?" Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this, and then hesitated.

"how?"

"Not absorbed?" Old Zhu's voice also changed a bit, and then looked at Xiao Yan anxiously.

"no…"

"The core of the silver formation seems to have stopped at the Ni Gong Wan in my body..." Xiao Yan also said truthfully, after all, there is no need to hide this kind of thing?

"what?

"Don't tell me that you have condensed the inscription of your life?" Elder Zhu just heard Xiao Yan's voice, and his face changed greatly, and then he said with a bit of anger.

The rarity of Dou Formation Masters is as precious as cleaning sand in the ocean, and the birth of a Dou Formation Master must be a symbol of a peak powerhouse!

As for the training of the battle formation master, the first and most important thing is to condense the core inscriptions. After all, only with the core inscriptions can the formations be condensed to attack the enemy, and then the next step of cultivation can be carried out.

So this is also the reason why Elder Zhu's face changed greatly when he heard that Xiao Yan had condensed the core inscriptions of life. After all, the condensed inscriptions of life are no less important than the fighting qi exercises that he chose to practice!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Once the condensed core inscriptions are wrong or the condensed core inscriptions of life are too weak, then if you want to re-condense other core inscriptions of life in the future, the difficulty is undoubtedly more difficult than reaching the sky!

Moreover, if the condensed core inscription is too weak, it will greatly limit his future achievements, so this old Zhu is also quite angry.

"You kid is really worrying!" Elder Zhu also snorted coldly, then stared at Xiao Yan.

"Senior Zhu, I can't help it..." Xiao Yan was also helpless, vaguely remembering the nameless old man at that time, and it was a last resort at that time, otherwise Xiao Yan would not have condensed the core inscription so easily. It was only vaguely condensed under unsolved conditions.

"Summon out the core inscription of your life and show it to me." Elder Zhu also changed his previous expression and said to Xiao Yan again.

Now that this kid has condensed the core inscription of life, then if he wants to re-condensed, even Zhu Lao is helpless, and now he has to pray, the core inscription of life that this kid has condensed should not be too bad, otherwise it will not be too bad for the core of life. The strength of the inscription is related to the future cultivation of this Dou Formation Master.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded, and then closed the door. At the same time, a faint spiritual force slowly appeared in the room.

"Haha, this kid's mental strength has actually reached the level of nearly 6,000 core inscriptions..."

"This really surprised me..." Elder Zhu also said slowly.

Then the next moment, before the voice of Zhu Lao, a pure white light also slowly flew out from Xiao Yan's body from the Ni Gong Wan.

At the moment when the core inscription of Xiao Yan's divine movement appeared, all the scrolls in the room seemed to be as if the courtiers surrendered to the king!

Numerous scrolls stood quietly, and they exuded an air of great respect.

"This is..." When Elder Zhu saw the core inscription of life in front of Xiao Yan, his pupils shrank fiercely!

Because even Zhu Lao's eyesight can't see the source of this core inscription!

But one thing is certain, the strength of Xiao Yan's core inscription of life, and the core inscription of life that terrifies him are even worse.

"Old Zhu?" Xiao Yan was also at a loss, then looked at Old Zhu who was a little shocked in front of him and said slowly.

"How did the core inscription of your life come from?"

"According to my guess, it shouldn't be condensed by you, it's a bit like inheriting from others..." Zhu Lao also stared at the core inscription of the divine life in front of him.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also looked at it carefully.

The core inscription in front of Xiao Yan was originally a square rune the size of a fist, but when Xiao Yan summoned it this time, Xiao Yan abruptly discovered that the size of the core inscription of divine movement was impressive. With the size of his own palm, it has grown several times compared to before, and Xiao Yan can feel that the spiritual power in his body is continuously increasing, which must be related to the core inscription of the divine movement.

"I got this core inscription of life from a certain ruin." Xiao Yan also answered truthfully.

"Relics?"

"What ruins?" Zhu Lao heard the words, and his tone also became extremely loud, apparently found something.

"I remember that the nameless old man didn't seem to say his name in the end..."

"But this core inscription of my natal life seems to be named..."

"Spirit!" Xiao Yan also thought about it carefully and said.

"God move..." Zhu Lao also shook his head, and then he didn't stop there too much. After all, from Zhu Lao's eyes, he knew that Zhu Lao didn't know the core inscription of this **** move.

"Although I don't know the strength of the core inscription of your life, I don't think it's too weak..."

"I'll tell you about the rank and some things about this battle formation master. UU read www.uukanshu.com" Zhu Lao also spoke slowly, but Xiao Yan could also see that the strong man in front of him was in a very emotional mood. Happy, after all, there is nothing in this world more happy than to find a person who is connected with the same vein.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan was very excited when he heard the words. When he came to the Fenxiang Pavilion, what troubled Xiao Yan the most was his spiritual power and this fighting formation master. After all, Xiao Yan's use of spiritual power and fighting formation master was no different from that of a layman. .

"Spiritual power is different from soul power, but it complements soul power."

"The cultivation of spiritual power is divided into seven levels."

"Ningwen, formation formation, immortal master, celestial master, earth master, emperor master, holy master."

"Condensing the text is the first step to becoming a battle formation master. You have the qualifications to cultivate spiritual power, open up Ni Gong Wan, and condense the core inscriptions of your life."

"The formation of an array is the second step, which is to master the core inscriptions familiarly, and then condense a formation to besiege or attack the enemy."

"As for the other five levels, they also represent their enormous spiritual power."

"As for the ranks of Dou Formation Masters, it is the same tenth rank, but the promotion of each rank depends on spiritual power, and the strength of Dou Formation Masters is also related to the number of core inscriptions that appear from spiritual power. ."

"The more core inscriptions that are condensed, the more terrifying the formation you cast." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, he slowly laughed.

Ask for tickets!