Chapter Vol 4 1135: Condensed bucket core!

"Ah ah ah..." In the space surrounded by the power of blue-yellow holy flame, a man full of black and **** beams kept screaming, obviously quite miserable.

"Damn... Damn!" Xiao Yan clenched his teeth, trying not to let himself scream, but every time a huge force emerged from the corpse pill to impact life and death, the pain that went deep into the bone marrow and even the soul, Xiao Yan was shocked.

"Crash!" And after the time passed, it was three days.

For three days, Xiao Yan was suffering from this inhuman torture all the time. If it wasn't for the protection of the holy flame, Xiao Yan would have already passed out from this high-intensity pain.

But what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that every time he was close to the limit, blue flames burst out from his heart like rainbows after rain, constantly nourishing his body and even repairing his own. injury.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Xiao Yan knew that this was what Mu Yingying did, but Mu Yingying had already turned into Xiao Yan's heart at this time. This move was obviously instinctive.

"Three days..."

"It's time to succeed!" Xiao Yan temporarily suppressed other thoughts, and then mobilized the huge source of blue-yellow holy flame in his body to directly attack the corpse pill for the last time!

"Boom boom boom!" Under Xiao Yan's control, the source power of the blue-yellow holy flame went directly to the corpse pill in the body.

The energy contained in the corpse pill is worthy of being praised as a treasure that is enough to help the strong Dou Di break through the Dou Di. Even in three days, with the refining level of Xiao Yan's Burning Jue, it is still not completely refined.

The corpse pill at this time, about the size of a fingertip, is undoubtedly several times smaller than three days ago, and Xiao Yan's purpose is to completely refine the last power of the corpse pill, so as to make his own power of life and death that is almost fused successfully. Go one step further!

The fusion of life and death, the achievement of fighting immortals!

"Death to this emperor!" Xiao Yan just found the corpse pill, and then used the power of the source of the blue-yellow holy flame to wrap it up.

And the corpse pill did not have any intention of escaping, so Xiao Yan was allowed to wrap it like this.

Following Xiao Yan's blue-yellow flames, the last trace of the corpse pill's power, at a speed visible to the naked eye, slowly turned into a circle of colorless and transparent power, which was swallowed by the blue-yellow holy flame, and the blue-yellow holy flame was directly swallowed by the blue-yellow holy flame. After this tyrannical power, it suddenly became violent.

"The power of life and death!"

"Give it to this emperor!" At this time, Xiao Yan saw that all the power of the corpse pill had been swallowed up by himself, and victory was just ahead, he couldn't help roaring!

At this time, the power of life and death is no longer black and white, but a milky white with a faint power of black and white!

Xiao Yan knew that only with the help of the last bit of the corpse pill's power to dissipate the black and **** in the power of life and death and turn it into a true milky white, the fusion of the fighting core can be carried out!

In this last step, success is a breakthrough, and failure is irreversible!

"Boom boom boom!" As Xiao Yan's bluish-yellow flame containing huge energy was injected into the power of life and death, the last trace of black and **** that only existed in the power of life and death burst out with a strong resistance.

That feeling, as if the force of life and death is telling: "We have helped you for so long, yet you actually destroy us like this..."

"Crash!" However, Xiao Yan didn't pay any attention to it, guarding his mind, the dazzling power kept pouring in, obliterating it.

And within a few breaths of time, the remaining power of black and white, like a heavy rain, quickly faded away!

"Hahaha!" When Xiao Yan saw this scene, he couldn't help laughing and said, at this time, Xiao Yan's fighting qi no longer had any power of life and death, but a milky white color, without any nature!

This is the first step of condensing the bucket core, which is the perfect fusion of the power of life and death. Only when the force of life and death is perfectly integrated can the bucket core be condensed. After the bucket core is condensed, its own attribute color can be born. At that time, the milky white light was There will be colors, and it can be called the power of fighting immortals!

"The next step is the most difficult step."

"Condense the Dou Core." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, and then slowly approached the milky white pseudo Dou Xian's power and the compressed Dou Qi group before.

Although these two groups have the same fighting spirit, their nature is different.

The Dou Qi group is impressively formed by the compression of all Dou Qi during Xiao Yan's Dou Di period. Don't underestimate the size of a mere fist, but its power is probably not dared to be underestimated by the strongest Dou Di peak.

And the milky white light formed by just combining the power of life and death is the power of the pseudo-douxian. Only after the core of the battle is condensed, can the attributes of their respective colors be born.

"I hope there will be no accident." Xiao Yan said slowly, after speaking, the huge soul force was immediately mobilized, and he went towards the gorgeous fighting qi ball.

"Weng Om!" The gorgeous Dou Qi group seemed to notice Xiao Yan's actions, and immediately started to squirm like crazy, trying to escape Xiao Yan's claws!

"You were originally part of me, and now, it's time to return to your place!" After all, this place was enveloped by Xiao Yan's holy flame's power barrier, and no matter how the gorgeous Dou Qi group escaped, it still couldn't escape Xiao Yan's palm!

"Death to this Emperor!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the gorgeous Dou Qi group was like a deflated balloon, slowly being enveloped by Xiao Yan's flaming giant hand!

"Give me in!" Seeing to capture the gorgeous Dou Qi ball, Xiao Yan did not hesitate at all, and directly suppressed it with the power of the Holy Flame and the Soul Power, sending it into the Dou Qi Sea!

"Weng buzzing!" Just as the splendid Dou Qi group was sent into Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea, an extremely strong resistance erupted, but Xiao Yan could smell a strange fire from it.

"The power of the fake Dou Xian... it's your turn!" Seeing the gorgeous Dou Qi mass blending into the sea of ​​Dou Qi, Xiao Yan then turned his eyes to the milky white and nearly transparent Pseudo Dou Xian power in front of him.

"Pfft!" The power of the fake Dou Xian did not hold back at all, allowing Xiao Yan to easily control it, and in just a short moment, it merged into the sea of ​​Dou Qi!

"Dou Qi group... the power of pseudo Dou Xian."

"Only when you are fully integrated can you condense the core of the battle..." Xiao Yan murmured as he looked at the battle qi **** that jumped up and down in the battle qi sea and the quiet pseudo-douxian power.

"Give it to me!" The next moment Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and in the empty sea of ​​fighting qi, blue-yellow flames swept out everywhere, whistling away at the power of the second group!

With such an appearance, it is astonishingly trying to force the power of the Second Regiment to one place, so as to compress and condense the core!

"Boom boom boom!" Looking at Xiao Yan's battle, the gorgeous Dou Qi group seemed to sense the danger, and the gorgeous flames also radiated out to resist the erosion of the blue-yellow flames.

In the splendid Dou Qi mass, there is indeed the smell of strange fire, but the strange fire, under the power of the holy flame, is like a moth fighting a fire, and it is instantly extinguished!

"Rong for Ben Di!" Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing as he watched the blue-yellow flames force the second group's strength into a space of about one meter!

"Boom boom boom!" At this time, the gorgeous Dou Qi group was like a frying pan, wriggling crazily!

"The power of the fake Dou Xian, swallow it for me!" Just when the gorgeous Dou Qi group became crazy, Xiao Yan let out a loud shout, and the milky white light group immediately swallowed it.

"Boom!" The gorgeous Dou Qi group was swallowed up by the power of the pseudo Dou Xian, and immediately charged wildly in the body of the pseudo Dou Xian, trying to break through the bondage.

"I won't give you such a chance!"

"The power of double flames, suppress me!" Xiao Yan smiled slightly at the corner of his mouth. Among the two holy flame crystals, a pool of cyan liquid and khaki liquid slowly attacked them away.

At this moment, the combination of the gorgeous Dou Qi group and the power of the pseudo Dou Xian turned into a brilliant light spot, and many transformations took place slowly, and once this transformation was completed, it also symbolized the time when Xiao Yan broke through the Dou Emperor!