Chapter Vol 4 2067: Round 1, Soul Competition!

The latest website: "It's not too late, we are about to start the first round of the competition, but before the competition, the old man has to advise you all."

"My Medicine Clan Festival is by no means a child's play, so if there are casualties in the competition, it can only be regarded as a lack of strength... Because in our Medicine Clan Festival, the selection of alchemists is extremely strict, a tyrannical refiner The pharmacist must be a strong man with explosive combat power, and at least he must have the power to be proud of, otherwise he will not be able to convince the public, so some medicine nerds should be saved."

"Everyone should think about it clearly, once the competition starts, there is no room for maneuver." Yao Xuanyi looked at nearly a thousand people around, and said unceremoniously, the warning was very obvious.

"Hey, the sturdy folk customs of this Yao clan are really terrifying." Xiao Yan stood alone in the crowd and couldn't help laughing, but because of Xun'er's identity, he couldn't go with Xiao Yan, and now Xun'er has found one Sitting quietly in a position with an excellent view, waiting for Xiao Yan to shine.

The Medicine Clan's requirements for the strong in the clan are extremely strict, which has also created the illustrious name of the Medicine Clan.

In the medicine clan, those who have shown extremely high attainments in the process of refining medicine will be tortured and practiced extremely terribly by the strong in the clan, because many geniuses in the medicine clan have died in the hands of some vicious gangsters. Therefore, the Medicine Clan also attached great importance to cultivation. In the eyes of the Medicine Clan, a tyrannical alchemist was also a strong fighting spirit that should not be underestimated!

It is one of the reasons why the medicine family has prospered for a long time.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan's voice emerged in the bottom of his heart, and Yao Yixuan, who was beside him, swept his beautiful eyes lightly, and immediately stared at Xiao Yan.

Thin, with a heavy weight on his back, and a smile on his face, he gave off a rather ordinary feeling. This was Yao Yixuan's first impression of Xiao Yan, but due to the fluctuation of Xiao Yan's soul power just now, he was caught by him at a glance. Noticed.

"This guy's soul power is no trivial matter." At this moment, Xiao Yan couldn't help but tighten his nerves, and his eyes became vigilant towards this woman.

I just muttered at random, but it actually attracted the attention of this girl?

This girl's soul power and sense of smell are too terrifying, right?

"The genius brothers and sisters of the Yao family, the elder brother Yao Yichen, who has excellent refining skills, has already touched the peak of the seventh-rank immortal rank, and the younger sister Yao Yixuan's soul strength Zhuoqun is enough to rank in the top ten of the Yao family. The two who have the hope of winning the championship." When Xiao Yan was puzzled, Ling Zixi walked towards Xiao Yan quite indifferently and said.

"En..." When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help but be wary of this guy.

"Don't get me wrong, I just don't want the mainland's No. 1 pharmacist to fall into the hands of the Yao clan this time."

"Shake hands." Ling Zixi said softly and casually.

"This guy, what kind of medicine is sold in the gourd?" Although Xiao Yan was suspicious, he raised his palm slightly and shook hands under the cover of the crowd.

"Don't try to escape from my palm, I have a unique way to find you, your secrets are not easy, but I have no ill will towards you, maybe we can cooperate." Then the two seemed to shake hands in a friendly way, a soul The power emerged from Ling Zixi and communicated with Xiao Yan.

"Okay." At this time, Xiao Yan had no choice but to agree.

"These two..." Yao Yixuan could not help muttering as she watched Xiao Yan shaking hands with her beautiful eyes.

"Little sister, what's the matter?" Yao Yichen asked with a domineering expression on the side, as if in his eyes, there are nearly a thousand people here, and only those powerful people from the ancient race can be a little threatening.

"It's fine." Yao Yixuan shook her head slightly, not paying attention to the two, but waiting for the first round of the competition to start.

"Very good, since no one backs down, the first round of the competition will start now!"

"As we all know, a tyrannical pharmacist is composed of soul power, perception power, flame and other powers. There is no doubt that the importance of soul power to pharmacists can be imagined, because soul power is the most important factor that determines the refining technology. A series of cumbersome procedures, such as the extraction of medicinal materials, refining, the fusion of medicinal herbs, and the formation of medicinal pills, are all completed by the power of the soul."

"So this first round of competition is mainly to identify the power of the soul." Yao Xuanyi spoke slowly, his voice shocked the countless experts present.

"Soul power..." Xiao Yan said with a headache when he heard the words.

"Although soul power is important, tyrannical soul power may not necessarily represent a powerful alchemist..." Some whispers also emerged.

"And the old man has to remind you that there are no eliminations in the three rounds of competitions. Once you fail to pass the minimum standard of each round of competitions, or you are defeated by others, you will only be regarded as failures, and you will be lost to continue the competition. However, after the final competition is completed, the loser will have the opportunity to challenge the No. 1 pharmacist in the mainland, and if he wins, he will directly take his place." Yao Xuanyi smiled, and the meaning was clear.

"Okay, old man, hurry up and talk about how the first round of souls will be carried out at this time..."

"It's so annoying, I don't understand why there are so many cats and dogs coming in at this level of ceremony." At that moment, Yao Yichen roared at Yao Xuanyi with an impatient face, apparently relying on his evil spirits. Strength, for those ordinary alchemists around him, naturally do not take it seriously, so he is so proud.

"The first round of soul testing is also very simple. I will bring you to this place later, where is there a soul stone that absorbs soul power, you only need to mobilize your soul power to inject it, and the soul power value will appear immediately. come out."

"The minimum standard is 60 points. Those above 60 points are considered to pass the first round, and vice versa."

"Throughout the ages, the oldest record in the soul test among my Yao family is the 96 points held by Patriarch Yao Wan... I wonder if anyone can break this legend this time Let's wait and see. Come on!" Yao Xuanyi laughed.

"Dong dong dong!" Yao Xuanyi just finished speaking, and suddenly waved his hand, a majestic crystal barrier directly isolated the thousands of contestants from the altar mountain, just like being in a huge mirror, doing this It is also to ensure the fairness of the competition and prevent some unscrupulous people from using small tricks.

"What a terrifying handwriting, building a space with only one hand... The strength of this Yao clan today can be said to be more and more unfathomable." Watching Yao Xuanyi's actions like this, the powerhouses of the ancient race and some powerful forces The top powerhouse's heart lit up and smiled.

"Brother Xiao Yan, Xun'er is waiting for the moment when you shine." Xun'er sat in a seat rather obediently, her eyes were indifferent, like a fairy outside the world who was out of tune with her surroundings. Miao Ting.

At this moment, on top of the Altar Mountain of the Medicine Clan, countless strong people were happily watching the many contestants in the crystal barrier, and their eyes became hot, and it was a great blessing to be able to witness this level of alchemy ceremony.