Chapter Vol 4 2234: The patriarch's token, the fairy ring!

"Huhu, it's finally over."

The void here is broken, and I am afraid that it will collapse completely in an instant. The ancient ruler and the holy pattern are put away together, and a wry smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"The power of the elf just now, are you alright?"

After dealing with these matters, Xiao Yan just looked at Xiao Yi with some worry. The azure-colored elf power that Xie Nian used just now was clearly part of the power left by the elf clan chief, and was extremely tyrannical and domineering. If you take action to absorb it all, I am afraid that you will not be able to defeat the evil thoughts.

"It should be fine, Yaoji's Reincarnation Seal can stop and absorb all the power of elves, but I need some time."

Xiao Yi's breath was extremely disordered, and the purple power and cyan power flowed around in her body. It was obvious that the two were engaged in some kind of extremely stubborn confrontation, so she said with a gloomy face.

"The next step is to take out the token of the elf clan chief. As for Yaoji's examination, it can be considered a complete pass."

Xiao Yan nodded. Although the injury on Xiao Yi's body is not optimistic, the extremely insurmountable cycle of reincarnation actually loosened slowly under the contest of the two forces. After looking at each other, the two instantly came to the golden coffin.

At this time, cracks appeared around the golden coffin. It was obvious that it had been invaded by evil thoughts for too long. Now it is already rotten, like a piece of rotten wood, which will be completely shattered at any time.

"I just killed the evil thoughts. With the power of the ancient ruler and the holy pattern, I have completely eliminated the evil power in the coffin. It is up to you to do this kind of thing about the interior of your elves."

Xiao Yan put his hand on Xiao Yi's shoulder and smiled, then stepped aside slightly.

The power in his body is quite strange, and it is not something that the power of the elf clan can take advantage of. Right now, this opportunity belongs to Xiao Yi. As the second brother, Xiao Yan will naturally not try to fight for it.

"Okay!"

Xiao Yi nodded, and immediately her body was bathed in a purple halo. She suppressed the blue halo in one fell swoop, raised her palm, and pressed it against the golden pattern on the edge of the golden coffin.

"Wong buzzing!"

Just as Xiao Yi's palms were pressed together, an extremely bright cyan halo burst out from the golden coffin, and immediately there was no fluctuation. Under the guidance of her reincarnation seal, it was perfectly injected into Xiao Yi's body.

Then, with a cracking sound, the lid of the coffin was quietly pushed open by Xiao Yi.

The coffin had just been opened, and an extremely majestic and terrifying aura was sprayed out like a crater, causing the two of them to become more stressed, and they instantly retreated dozens of steps. Enough to make the Eight Star Fighting Immortals smash to pieces!

"There are white bones, a corpse. There are countless evil patterns on the bones. It seems that it has been corroded for too many years..."

Xiao Yi resisted the coercion of the elf clan chief and flew over, with a look of remorse, and gave a big salute with great respect, and then cast her eyes into the coffin.

"Your Majesty, rest in peace."

Xiao Yan also bowed and saluted him, and he deserves his respect for this hero who died of exhaustion in dealing with evil tribes outside the realm.

"Second brother, your majesty is deceased. Although these corpses have been corroded by evil forces, you have holy flames in your body, and they will be useful to you after purification. Accept them."

Xiao Yi looked at the corpse of the crowned man, and said.

The corpse of a reincarnation-level powerhouse, such a value, cannot be measured!

"Wong buzzing!"

"These things are useless to me. Take them. They are of great value to you when you step into reincarnation."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he waved his big hand, and the dazzling amber flames directly burned those white bones. In almost a few breaths, the dark and black magic marks attached to the bones were actually purified. , and those white bones are becoming more and more crisp, and there is an ancient fluctuation invisibly.

"Ugh……"

When Xiao Yi saw this, she could only shake her head helplessly, and hurriedly used the purple flame to carefully take the sensen bones, and put them in front of her as if she was looking at a baby.

"This majesty is also a hero."

When the holy flame was burning the black energy, Xiao Yan vaguely captured a trace of the memory of the fire elf clan chief.

Dai Anli, who is in the realm of strength and profound knowledge, once was the mainstay of countless forces in the Great Thousand Worlds in the first World War. She led the Fire Elves to make countless contributions, and was deeply revered by all beings in the Great Thousand Worlds.

"Two smart little guys, they can be regarded as my unfulfilled wish. Fortunately, I didn't become the eternal sinner of the fire elves."

"Goddess Yaoji, live forever!"

"I am willing to follow for eternity."

When Xiao Yi put her corpse in her bag, a magnetic female voice that dissipated resounded through the heavens and the earth, and then slowly dissipated.

"Congratulations to the senior."

"Congratulations to Patriarch Di Anli, His Majesty!"

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi bowed together and congratulated the real king of the Fire Elf clan. As for the token of the Elf clan chief, the Elf Ring, which was also quietly placed on the corpse, was now obtained by Xiao Yi, the second chief of the Fire Elf clan. Words are worthy of their name.

"Boom!"

At the same time, outside the golden coffin, the first elder and the two elders suddenly felt an extremely majestic energy, swept out from the coffin, this level of power actually made the always quiet first elder face violent change.

"not good"

"You must seal the golden coffin by hand, you must not let this guy come out!"

The Great Elder took the lead, ignoring the erosion of the evil power on his body, and endless flames bloomed, covering the golden coffin.

Once the evil thoughts come back, their fire elves may not escape bad luck.

"Elder, wait a minute..."

"This smell doesn't seem right."

Just as Ma Lin and Yao Laogui were about to activate their power, they found that the power spreading from the golden coffin was not an evil aura. On the contrary, it was a kind of gentle power.

This power is mixed with countless cyan filaments and purple flames just emerged and burst into all the spaces in the elf's lair, and wherever it passes along the way, whether it is the residual evil atmosphere The air has been purified the most!

"Goddess Yaoji appeared?"

In an instant, the three cast together and landed on the statue of Yaoji beside him. Except for the nest here, dozens of nests in the entire elf nest, with a long-lasting aura like a dragon awakening, slowly awakened and entangled her. The evil power has completely disappeared, and they have just woken up, although their eyes are wrong, but after feeling the cyan brilliance, they all cast their eyes on the Yaoji statue in the center of the nest with awe.

At this time, on the statue of Yaoji, there were strands of purple halo, like a bright moon descending, paving the way for the entire elves' lair, and the light and peaceful atmosphere filled the hearts of dozens of fire elves.

The evil thoughts are dead, and the prosperity of the fire elves is about to start!

And all of this is probably related to Xiao Yi and his friend!

The tip of his nose was sour, and a stream of sour and moving hot tears fell uncontrollably, streaking across the Great Elder's cheek, and the corner of his mouth was slightly hoarse and slowly said: "The demon is gone, the goddess Yaoji!"

"The elves will prosper forever!"

The mighty voice swept through the entire elves' lair like thunder, making countless people feel warm.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: