Chapter Vol 4 1534: A belated reward!

"Among the two fresh bloods this time, someone has a holy flame?"

"Is this true?" Jiang Wen's expression suddenly became strange, and he said solemnly.

"Exactly."

"That guy in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, named Xiao Yan, seems to have the Fire Heart Tianyan ranked thirty-fifth."

"And when I was selecting disciples in the Four Great Courts, I deliberately released the aura of holy flame to let other powerhouses notice." The old ghost of Earth Spirit laughed.

"What you're doing is really good."

"Hahaha." Jiang Wen laughed immediately after listening to the old ghost of Earth Spirit acting like this.

"There is holy flame in the fresh blood. This news is known by the powerhouses of the other three courtyards, and they will definitely hold on to it. If it is known by the master of the soul, I am afraid that this guy is in danger. How can this be a good thing? "Rozamu seemed quite puzzled and asked.

"Lao Luo, you don't know something."

"Although our four academies jointly maintain the entire Lishun Realm, there are many open and secret fights with each other, and the news of Xiao Yan's possession of holy flame was known by the other three academies, and they would definitely not report to the strong in their academies. ."

"After all, once this matter is discovered by other powerhouses and attracts the attention of the Lord of the Soul, then the status of our Spiritual Academy will skyrocket because of the holy flame on this little guy."

"So even if they know that there is a disciple with holy flame in our Earth Spirit Academy, they can only hold it in their stomachs." Jiang Wen said with a free and easy smile.

"It seems that this time, God really blesses our spiritual home."

"A master of the holy flame, his achievements in the future are also limitless, and maybe we can devour other regions under his leadership, and in the ghost realm, only we will exist in the ghost realm. That scene, But..." After speaking, Jiang Wen was also looking forward to it.

"By the way, that little guy is from Yinhuntian. The competition rewards in Yinhuntian have not been distributed. I don't know what rewards will be distributed this time?" After a while, the old ghost of the earth spirit asked.

"Let them go to Lingshan to practice for a month, and... Since he is currently in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, take out a Douxian Pill from the pill room and treat it as a rewarding disciple for your master." Jiang Wen laughed as soon as he finished speaking.

"Then this kid will be taught by me." The old ghost of Earth Spirit also laughed when he heard the words.

The so-called Lingshan Mountain is full of energy from heaven and earth, and many powerful people have fallen into it during his lifetime. Entering it to cultivate may be able to obtain some great opportunities.

"By the way, the girl under your door seems to have just entered Lingshan to practice." After a while, Jiang Wen seemed to remember something and asked slowly.

"Don't mention it. Some time ago, the master of the hospital gave her a marriage, but the girl didn't listen to her life and she went straight to practice in Lingshan, which made me anxious." Luo Zamu couldn't help rolling his eyes when he heard the words.

"Let's do it today."

"It's all gone." As soon as the voice fell, the three slowly disappeared.

The night was silent, the next day, the sun was shining, and a new day was coming.

"Big brother." Early in the morning, Xiao Gui came to Xiao Yan's house and knocked on the door.

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan pushed the door open to let Xiao Gui come in, and immediately set up a tyrannical soul barrier, and asked carefully, obviously since Xiao Gui entered the spirit courtyard, his mind has not been quite right.

"Brother, there seems to be a voice in my body guiding me to the so-called underground courtyard..."

"In the courtyard, there seems to be a voice calling me." Xiao Gui's eyes were particularly red, and he said solemnly.

"The Earth Court and the Spirit Court are separated from the north to the south. It takes a lot of time to get to the Earth Court from here, and it also requires a personal letter from the headmaster, so it's quite troublesome." Xiao Yan thought slowly in his heart.

"But don't worry, eldest brother will definitely help you solve this matter." Looking at the guy in front of him, Xiao Yan suddenly comforted him slowly.

"Well, thank you eldest brother." After Xiao Gui finished speaking, he immediately backed out.

"Huhu... Lingyuan, it's really a long memory." Watching Xiao Gui leave, the voice of the Soul Eater suddenly emerged.

"Master... It is said that the Qidu Soul Induction Cup is in the Earth Spiritual Academy, can the master sense any trace of it?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

Although Xiao Yan didn't know what the purpose of this thing was, it could heal the source of the wounds on Soul Eater's body. Thinking about it, it wouldn't be a mortal thing. It might still be guarded by the strong, so the top priority now is to find it first. Its specific location is being planned.

"Sensing a little bit, that thing seems to exist in the courtyard."

"However, there are many strong people in that courtyard. With my current strength, I can't do it hard, I can only outsmart it." After thinking about it, the Lord of Soul Eater said, because at this time, relying on his induction, the land In the courtyard, there is a superpower with the same strength as himself. If he rashly exposes his identity, I am afraid that both himself and Xiao Yan will be in deep danger because of this.

"The underground courtyard... It seems that this matter can't be rushed." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also slowly sorted out, then opened the door and walked out.

"Xiao Yan." As soon as he walked out, he saw the figure of the old ghost coming towards him.

"Senior?" Xiao Yan said slightly when he saw this.

"Where's Xiao Gui, I'll take you to the reward location today." The old ghost of Earth Spirit said casually, but now his eyes on Xiao Yan are very tame. After all, this guy has holy flame on him. After teaching him, his achievements are limitless. .

Moreover, the whereabouts of the Lord of Li Soul are quite strange, so the old ghost of the earth spirit deliberately released the power of holy flame to Zhou Qi and others, and the purpose was also to protect Xiao Yan.

"Big Brother...what's the matter?" Xiao Gui said in a daze He left Xiao Yan's house before he went back to sleep.

"Senior." Gently pushing the door open, Xiao Gui suddenly said in surprise when he saw Xiao Yan and the old ghost.

"Let's go, Senior Earth Spirit will take us to the reward land." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Let's go, two little guys." After a while, the pupil of the old ghost of Earth Spirit also flashed a tinge of pain, but in order not to let Xiao Yan notice anything, he could only reluctantly take out a fighting immortal pill and enter Lingshan. Qualification, although this kind of qualification is not difficult for the old ghost, but the price of a place is quite expensive.

In the area of ​​this Spiritual Academy, there is no need to fly anymore, and for this kind of Six-Star Fighting Immortal-level headmaster, no matter where he goes, it is a matter of waving his hands.

"Boom!" With a slow wave of the old palm of the old ghost, a space channel suddenly appeared.

"It's a space channel again..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning. Obviously, in this kind of boundary space, there is no need to move or fly between each other, but using the space channel can easily reach the destination.

"What are you looking at... Let me in!" Seeing Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui frowning, the Old Earth Spirit laughed suddenly, then raised his foot and instantly kicked the two in.

"The trip to Lingshan, you two little fellows, don't disappoint me." After speaking, the figure of the old ghost of the earth spirit also entered the space passage.