Chapter 378: Encountered enemies halfway!

"In that case, let's go."

"I sensed it around, but I didn't find Mu Feng's figure, and I thought he had already left." Xiao Yan also said.

"Xiao Yan, you actually broke through to the Four-Star Dou Emperor Consummation?" The next moment, Mu Yingying also discovered something, and suddenly said in surprise.

"Well, it's just a fluke." Xiao Yan didn't have any joy in this regard. After all, he had been outside all year round, and he had already developed a calm mentality.

But Mu Yingying is different!

The reason why Mu Yingying was able to break through to the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Di was largely due to the mysterious power in this Xuanling Emperor Pond and the power of Dou Di Dan.

But this Xiao Yan is different. I remember that before he came in a month ago, Xiao Yan was still in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di. One month has passed, even if it has been in this mysterious power of the Xuanling Emperor Pond for nearly a year. Xiao Yan actually soared directly to the four-star Dou Emperor Perfection level!

With such a terrifying speed of cultivation, even Mu Yingying was secretly surprised.

"Let's go." The next moment, Mu Yingying also smiled extremely happily, apparently not knowing what she was laughing at.

However, a trace of Mu Yingying's small things did not escape Xiao Yan's perception. Then Mu Yingying stared at the depths of the Xuanling Emperor Pond, her pupils also became deep, and then she seemed to be thinking about something.

Only Mu Yingying knew it at this time!

"Brother, you wait for me, I know you must be in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family, and I will definitely come to you!" Mu Yingying also murmured in her heart.

In addition to this, Mu Yingying also vaguely felt some extremely subtle and powerful auras!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If you don't have any strength and try to break into this underground palace, I am afraid that you will be stealing chickens and losing rice, so Mu Yingying also suppressed the fluctuation in her heart, and tried her best to tell herself that she has to work hard to come to the underground palace to save herself. elder brother!

"Go!" Xiao Yan also shook his head, and then slowly said to Mu Yingying beside him.

After the words fell, the two also came to the edge of the space teleportation formation.

This space teleportation formation is about three meters in size. Looking at the appearance, I am afraid that at most three people can only enter and exit together. After all, the space is only this size.

On the ground, there are some hard stones. Obviously, this stone can be eroded by the Xuanling Emperor Pond for thousands of years without any damage, which is enough to see the extraordinaryness of this stone.

On the stones on the ground are some extremely complex mysterious runes, which are slowly linked together to form a space teleportation formation.

"When I'm ready, I'll start activating this formation." Xiao Yan also said to Mu Yingying beside him.

"Yes." Mu Yingying also responded to Xiao Yan softly.

The next moment, when Xiao Yan heard Mu Yingying's voice, Xiao Yan also felt relieved, and then closed his eyes slightly, urging some divine inscriptions in his body, and then a trace of spiritual power slowly radiated out!

"Shabu!" With the injection of spiritual power, the space teleportation formation also glowed with extremely dazzling light, and then the mysterious runes that formed the space teleportation formation on the ground also exuded a very mysterious wave!

The next moment, Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan also followed the light of the sky and disappeared into the core area of ​​the Xuanling Emperor Pond. In other words, the two of them had already left here.

The core area of ​​the Xuanling Emperor Pond also regained its calm.

Outside the Xuanling Emperor Pond, there is the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation guarded by the Tianmuyu clan, the only way for Xiao Yan and the others to leave.

This Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation is the key to entering the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and it is also the formation method to protect the Xuanling Emperor Pond, so Xiao Yan and the others must also pass through this Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation.

Nine fish play dragon formation, the space teleportation formation in the center is also slowly exuding extremely dazzling light!

The next moment, two figures appeared in the space teleportation formation.

One is a man with a huge black heavy ruler, wearing simple clothes with black pupils, no one dares to underestimate him at all.

The other one is a figure with a graceful curve, a head of hair is also slapped on top of the clothes, and on top of the skirt, the concave and convex figure is highlighted by Lingli.

"It's really troublesome, you have to turn around once before you can get out." The next moment, the woman also said with dissatisfaction.

"Hehe, come on, let's go." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also smiled indifferently, and then slowly said to Mu Yingying.

Speaking of which, it is strange to me that at the moment Xiao Yan and the other two appeared, the space here was making a slight noise, obviously being shocked by some powerful force.

"Let's go." Although Xiao Yan's huge soul force noticed the fluctuation, he did not pursue it deeply. He said a word to Mu Yingying, and then slowly walked towards the periphery of the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation, trying to pass here. The space teleportation formation, get out of here!

"Susu!" Just as Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying were about to leave, an extremely harsh voice echoed in this nine-fish-dragon formation!

At this time, the Nine Fish Show Dragon Array was already closed, so Xiao Yan couldn't figure out why there would be such fluctuations.

"Bang Bang Bang!" In the next moment, a terrifying Dou Qi that contained the destruction of the sky and the earth also appeared in front of Xiao Yan in an instant, and then mixed with a wave of destruction and roared away at Xiao Yan!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to be surprised, and instantly activated the Burning Jue. An extremely hot milky white flame also instantly attached to his body, but Xiao Yan, with his powerful soul power, also knew that the person who attacked him was , the strength is definitely not low!

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's milky white flame and that terrifying yellow grudge also attacked together instantly!

"Cough, cough..." The next moment, UU read www.uukanshu. com Xiao Yan also abruptly took a few steps back to stabilize his figure, but he was very surprised!

Just when he came into contact with the yellow douqi attack, Xiao Yan clearly felt a mysterious power from the Xuanling Emperor Pond, and the person who wanted to attack him had also entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

But the most serious thing is that this seemingly simple blow made Xiao Yan feel frightened. Even Xiao Yan tried his best to cope with this huge attack.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Mu Yingying also discovered that there was something lurking in the space of the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation, as if it was attacking them!

"I'm fine, be careful, there seems to be an enemy here."

"The enemy is dark and I am clear." Xiao Yan also calmed down a little, and then said to Mu Yingying beside him.

"Hahaha, the kid who killed the twin ghost emperors is nothing more than that." An extremely disdainful smile echoed in the space of the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation. The next moment, the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation was linked to the periphery. Of the nine passages, the passage doors were also locked!

At the same time, Xiao Yan's pupils also became dignified, because Xiao Yan saw that in the space in front of him, a wriggling space also appeared slightly, and in that space, there were extremely disdainful laughter.

In the wriggling space, a mysterious person wearing a black cloak and filled with black fighting spirit also stepped out slowly, and then facing Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, a very terrifying aura also came from the mysterious. It radiates from the man in black!

Ask for tickets!