Chapter Vol 4 876: Missing Dragonfly Legion

"A person from the Dragon-loving Legion?" Xiao Yan took Mu Yingying slightly to a distance of several hundred meters away from the ten people of the Dragon-loving Legion, and then Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, her voice full of surprise.

"Hush hush hush!" Xiao Yan made a low-pitched gesture towards Mu Yingying, and then his eyes fixed on the people in front of him.

"Among the ten people, three were in a coma. What's going on?"

"The Dragon-loving Legion is the most powerful army of the Xuanling Royal Family, how could it be here?" Mu Yingying's eyes turned slightly, thinking quickly.

"Yingying, take a closer look, who are the comatose people?" Xiao Yan said.

"Xuanmo?" The three comatose people, Mu Yingying only knew Xuanmo!

This mysterious demon was the one who stopped them when they went to soak in the Xuanling Emperor Pond. If Mu Yingying hadn't activated the holy flame in the end, I am afraid that both Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying would have fallen into his hands.

"This mysterious demon, if there is a chance, will definitely let him die without a burial place." Xiao Yan said with a gloomy gaze.

Xiao Yan is not a saint. The current strength of this mysterious demon is still the same as before. Xiao Yan was really unable to deal with it at the beginning, but at this time, he was barely able to cope. Xiao Yan is confident and gives himself some time. Kill this guy.

"What are they doing here?" Mu Yingying naturally agreed with Xiao Yan's approach, after all, she also hated this mysterious demon very much.

"This place is very close to the Jiaoyue Ruins, although I'm not sure, but I think these guys should be related to Dou Soul." Xiao Yan said.

"Fighting Soul?" Mu Yingying heard the words, obviously she didn't know why Xiao Yan felt the information of Fighting Soul.

"Don't get me wrong, he told me when he helped Tianwang Ginseng evolve." Xiao Yan explained.

"I don't know where that guy from Tianwangshen went..." Mu Yingying seemed to remember that Tianshen entered the depths of the palace with them, but disappeared.

"He came to the human world a long time ago, and he doesn't know where he went." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Be careful, they are moving." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak, but following Xiao Yan's opening, the few members of the dragon-loving army who were hiding in front of him became restless.

"not good!"

"The head of the regiment can't hold back the fighting spirit!" Ye Mo was the first to notice that Qin Tian's complexion was extremely ugly, and then he spoke slowly.

"Shoot!" Ye Mo said directly, and after speaking, the remaining few people directly activated the dazzling power of life and death and poured them into Qin Tian's body.

And as Qin Tian captured the fighting spirit and did not return to the Xuanling royal family, the Xuanling King also discovered that something was wrong.

"Strange, didn't this old guy Qin Tian use the things I gave him to subdue the fighting spirit..." King Xuanling couldn't help but speak.

He could sense the aura of the ruins being closed, but Qin Tian showed no sign of coming back at this time, which made King Xuanling feel uneasy.

"Xuanming?" The next moment, King Xuanling closed his pupils and called out to Xuanming in his heart.

Xuan Ming, Xuan Mo, and Xuan Wanxin were all the eyesight that Xuanling King placed in the dragon-loving army to stare at Qin Tian, ​​so at this time Xuanling King contacted the three of them and wanted to know the situation.

"No movement?" King Xuanling's face was ugly, the connection between himself and the three was some secret method, and he never made a mistake, how could it be...

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Damn Qin Tian, ​​if Dou Soul suffers any loss, this king will definitely kill you." King Xuanling couldn't help but said angrily.

"Hehe, King Xuanling."

"When I was in the ruins, I did sense the presence of Qin Tian's aura, and the aura of Dou Soul was also in Qin Tian's hands. I'm afraid your plan will fail." He smiled slightly.

"Take care of yourself!" King Xuanling was angry, and then stopped talking.

He knew that Qin Tian's ambitions were not small, but even if he had a hundred courage, he might not be able to forcibly devour the fighting spirit!

Before the strength reaches Dou Xian to devour Dou Soul, it will be ten deaths and no life!

"Boom boom boom!" On the other side, Qin Tian's internal condition was indeed not very good.

In the ruins, Qin Tian immediately swallowed the fighting spirit in order not to let the fighting spirit escape.

But it is said to be swallowed raw, but it is not.

This is one of Qin Tian's fighting skills, but he keeps the fighting spirit inside his body.

Qin Tian wanted to find a place to devour and refine the fighting spirit after he came out. After all, if he devoured the fighting spirit, he could truly step into the fighting fairy!

But Qin Tian didn't know that the fighting spirit can only be swallowed by the strong fighting immortals, so he underestimated the power of the fighting spirit.

"Undead Mingque, surrender to me." In a huge space within Qin Tian's body, Qin Tian's figure slowly appeared.

But in front of Qin Tian, ​​an undead ghost who was bound by five black and white life and death **** was disdainful.

"Submit to you?"

"Dream?"

"With the strength of this soul, it is impossible for me to surrender to an old man who is at the peak of Dou Di!" Undead Mingque snorted coldly, obviously not taking Qin Tian's strength into consideration.

After all, after leaving the ruins, his strength is no longer suppressed. He is a genuine Dou Xian strong. Although the Dou Di peak is strong, it is still too weak for the undead Mingque.

"Then don't blame me." Qin Tian's soul force said something, and then his eyes became fierce.

"Yep."

"Thank you for taking me out of the ruins, otherwise, with my strength, it would be too expensive to get out of the ruins."

"So, in return, how about letting me devour you?" The next moment, the huge body of the undead Mingque gradually turned into a man in a red robe.

On the man, the restraint of the five black and white life and death **** still exists, but the undead ghost is not at all unhappy Hahaha! "

"Then try it!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, and then he was ready to fight.

But what Qin Tian didn't expect was that the undead sparrow actually used their power to escape the ruins.

"Your restraint seems to be too weak." The human body of the undead Mingque trembled slightly, and then the five seemingly powerful **** of life and death said they were broken.

"Pfft!" He felt the bottomless strength of the Undead Might Sparrow, plus his own **** was broken. Qin Tian gushed out a mouthful of blood.

"This **** is actually so strong." Qin Tian said slightly, and then his eyes became distracted.

"Go ahead."

"Don't move Ming King Qin Tian, ​​otherwise your Dou Di peak strength will not have any power in my hands to fight back." On the face of the immortal Mingque, a burst of absolute pride appeared, and she randomly arrogantly faced Qin Tian. said.

"This guy is too strong."

"I'm afraid I can't deal with him by myself, and this is my body. If I fight here, I'm afraid it will cause extremely incurable damage to me. Let's go out." Qin Tian thought about it, and immediately opened his pupils. , spit it out, and at that time, the undead ghost in red robes appeared directly in front of everyone in the Dragon-loving Legion.

"The human world is still wonderful."

"You guys, let's go together." Hongpao Undead Mingque pointed at the crowd slightly with his finger, and said lightly, showing his domineering no doubt!