Chapter Vol 4 1842: Fall into the abyss!

"Boom!" The deafening explosion sounded like the most violent collision between the two gods' mansions. The sky was riddled with holes, and energy ripples spread out uncontrollably. was pierced.

After the breath, the incomparable mysterious star talisman and the power of the devil intertwined with each other and collapsed. For a time, the two forces seemed to be evenly matched, and slowly solidified, turning into a huge ice stone with a size of ten thousand feet. , the power of the star talisman and the power of the devil are deadlocked. After the breath, a series of conspicuous cracks emerged, shattered into pieces of ice sculptures, and fell vertically from the sky toward the endless abyss, even with residual ice. The block fell on the residential area, like a meteor falling, a deep pit of several dozen meters emerged, and the power contained in it not only contained some extremely evil demons, but also the power of mysterious and unpredictable stars.

"This is..." On the cliff in the distance, using trees to avoid the pursuit of Soul Sha and others, Xiao Yan watched the terrifying scene in the sky, his body and mind suddenly shrank, and he lost his voice.

Just facing Soul Youmeng in the late stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals, as well as Gamma and Ji Xuan, if they don't retreat in time, I am afraid that everyone will be in trouble.

What Xiao Yan didn't expect was that Lin Fengya felt that he had obtained a half-ripe Devil Fruit, and thus devoured it and produced such a mutation, only that Princess Lin Yunshu forcibly awakened the power of the stars in her body in order to defend against such a powerful enemy.

Xiao Yan could clearly feel that after this attack, the aura in the princess' body instantly weakened, but it was obviously not enough to completely obliterate the demon with this attack.

"I'm going to save her." After a while, Ji Xuan looked at the demon above the sky with gloomy eyes, trying hard to find the princess's shadow, clenching his fists tightly, his tone became cold, and the uncontrollable murderous aura filled the air. come out.

Lin Yunshu has already made a private life with him, and now the first class of female streamers have sacrificed themselves for the safety of the entire continent, fighting against demons. As his husband-in-law, how can he sit still like this?

"Calm me down!" Xiao Yan looked at Ji Xuan's scarlet eyes, and directly restrained Ji Xuan in place with his grudge.

"Gama, what is the solution to the power of the devil?" Xiao Yan turned his head, the terrifying soul power tortured Gamma, and said sternly.

"no."

"Once the power of the devil starts, it can't be stopped... You will all die." Although Gamma's face was in pain, his dark green evil hair covered his face, and beneath his face was a scorching frenzy.

Waiting, waiting!

When the angel of the Holy See appears, or when the servant of the devil obliterates him, he can honorably devote himself to the devil!

I will always be the servant of the devil, in order to welcome the devil to the greatest scholar in the world!

Lin Fengya deliberately wanted to find the two Devil Fruits, but he deceived him by using a blind method. As for the last ripe Devil Fruit, I am afraid that only Gamma is hiding somewhere.

At this time, Gamma had obviously left and finally belonged, just waiting quietly for the opportunity.

"You flies, you run really fast." Just when everyone was distracted by the attack above the sky, the void in front of them shook slightly, and a dark shadow appeared.

"Hunyoumeng, you haunted fellow!" Xiao Yan said coldly, but his whole body became vigilant. He glanced over and saw a cliff not far away.

From the cliff down, there is the abyss that divides the Tianyuan Mountains to the left and right. No one knows what they will encounter when they jump down, whether it is life or death.

But at this time, I am afraid there is only one way.

"It's surprising that the powerhouses of the Soul Palace actually have the leisure to come to participate in this kind of thing." Just when Soul Youmeng took action to arrest Xiao Yan and a few people, a scorching white light appeared all over the body, and it was easy to destroy Soul You. The chains of the black mist of the dream were expelled.

"Sol?" Soul Youmeng raised her head and looked at the figure in white in front of her, unable to help but lose her voice.

Sol is an extremely outstanding bodyguard under Mekal. Even if he is in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, he may not be able to beat her.

"You guys, hand over the devil fruit."

"And your kid, peel off the Sheng Yan'an in your body and separate it out, and I can spare you from dying." A pure white brilliance flickered on the turbulent cliff on Saul's body. , making it immobile.

"What should I do now?" Ji Xuan asked anxiously as the battle unfolded in the sky.

"Follow me with Gamma, trust me." At this moment, Xiao Yan had no choice, a trace of holy flame entangled the two of them, ready to act at all times.

"Sol, we have no hatred between us and you in the Soul Palace. Now we are going our separate ways, how about it?" The dark fog of Soul Youmeng shook, and the gloomy ghostly aura continued to permeate the sacred light on Sol's body.

After all, the powerhouses of the Soul Palace master the sinister powers such as souls and ghosts. Similar to the light attributes of the powerhouses of the Holy See, they pose a fatal threat to them.

"not so good."

"These three people, we want them. If you don't agree, you can take action." Sol frowned slightly, revealing an unquestionable majesty.

"You forced me!"

"Ten Thousand Souls Burial!" Hunyoumeng is worthy of being a ruthless person The palm of his hand suddenly raised, and then countless ghostly souls were released by it, and they were all wiped out above the void.

For a time, Hunyoumeng's strength soared directly to the perfection of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, and even above his arm, a scream of Yin Feng's anger slowly emerged, rendering its power extremely gloomy.

"Your Soul Palace and our Holy See really have no grievances, but your dirty methods are shameless for the Great Thousand World... That's why!"

"The light shines in the world!" Saul is not a vegetarian either, the hot light around his body spread out like the light of dawn, and he resisted the attack of Soul Youmeng for a while.

"go!"

"Go down to the abyss!" While the two were fighting fiercely, Xiao Yan's body burned with determination, and all the means of the Dragon God Transformation were used, and the speed skyrocketed. With the two of them, they turned into meteors, breaking free from the shackles of Sol's light in one fell swoop. Leaping, it turned out to be shooting towards the bottomless abyss!

"Not good!" Following the sudden scene of Xiao Yan and the others, Sol and Hunyoumeng shouted at the same time, and immediately the two figures walked away towards the edge of the cliff at the same time.

It's a pity that the three Xiao Yan were extremely fast, and they had already jumped into the abyss with the momentum of thunder.

Beneath the abyss, the dark and cold aura is like a gate to hell, mysterious and solemn.

And above the sky, the battle is also gradually divided into winners and losers. .

This time, the catastrophe on the Tianxing Continent, the battle between the demons, the Holy See, the Soul Palace and the royal family has also entered a white-hot stage.

Whether it is heaven or hell, I am afraid it depends on this time.