Chapter Vol 4 1680: The change of the Emperor Flame Ring!

Xiao Yan was naturally ignorant of the outside world, because at this time Xiao Yan had already crossed the Holy Temple of the Undying and entered the interior of the gray dome, the so-called place where the fire of undead exists.

"Weng buzzing!" Just as Xiao Yan rushed into this place, bursts of gray halos appeared, filling Xiao Yan's line of sight, making Xiao Yan's perception limited, but his senses involuntarily became vigilant.

"This gray dome is actually a small space." Xiao Yan was filled with gray halo and couldn't open his eyes, but after sensing it, he said slightly.

After a few breaths, the halo dissipated, and Xiao Yan could see the whole scene here.

This is a circular space about a few hundred meters in size. Except for a mysterious creature in the center, the rest of the space is empty.

"Then...is that immortal fire?" Xiao Yan's eyes shrank tightly when he saw the inconspicuous light in the center, and even his soul trembled involuntarily.

It was a ball of light about the size of a slap. There were traces of gray lines on the light group. These gray lines were like the divine lines that the Supreme One meditated on. They contained mysterious and unpredictable power, and even gray flames under the gray lines. It is extremely dim, as if it will go out at any time.

"This thing is immortal fire, but why is the power of flame so dim, what's the matter?" With Xiao Yan's perception of the holy flame and many factors in his body, he immediately affirmed that the gray flame in front of him was immortal fire, but this The power of the flame seems to be inferior to that of a big heavenly seed. What is going on here?

"Hey!" The gray light group seemed to sense that someone had entered the void here, and ripples of gray energy slowly spread out.

"This guy, in the end..." Seeing the appearance of the Undying Fire, Xiao Yan shook his head. It was obvious that the fluctuations released by the Undying Fire were too weak, and even his own Great Celestial Seed Fei Yan was not as powerful.

"Come out." Watching this scene, Xiao Yan had no choice but to hold the two Saint Flame Crystals in his hands temporarily.

"Boom!" It seemed that he was provoked by the holy flame crystal on Xiao Yan's palm, and it seemed that he wanted to swallow two holy flame crystals. The gray flame instantly changed from a critically ill state to a surging posture, and the endless gray flame instantly Turn this place into a lava world, and the immortal fire also turned into a lava, which is high and below zero, and it is eyeing.

"Hey...I didn't expect you to be so smart. Showing weakness makes people take it lightly, so as to tempt humans to devour themselves, so that all of their own power burst out at that moment, and they can easily devour others." Can't stop laughing.

Fortunately, I just held back and didn't take advantage of the undead fire to pretend to be weak and go to swallow it, otherwise the end would be tantamount to falling.

"Boom boom boom!" With a sound, the flames around the undead fire became dazzling, and bursts of gray light roared out like a world-annihilating torch. Horror fluctuations.

"Bang bang bang!" It seems that Xiao Yan saw through his little trick. The origin of the undead fire gray magma burst out with a very terrifying violent aura, and countless gray magma appeared all over the body. Without any hesitation, it directly faced Xiao Yan. Blast away.

"Fire Heart Heavenly Rock, Shattered Heavenly Burial!" With a cold snort, the khaki-yellow holy flame crystals burst out with dazzling brilliance, and countless khaki-yellow flames condensed in front of Xiao Yan, blocking the erosion of the gray lava.

"It's not enough!" Seeing that although the Rock Shattered Heavenly Burial blocked the attack of the Undying Fire, it was extremely slow, but Xiao Yan understood that the thirty-fifth-ranked Sheng Yan would definitely not be able to resist the seventeenth-ranked Undying Fire.

After a while, the ghost-faced soul flame cyan-colored holy flame crystal also erupted with bursts of cyan liquid, and immediately poured into the surface of the rock fragmentation burial. In an instant, a terrifying fireball like a sky curtain completely enveloped Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" Seeing this, the gray magma burst out with a monstrous aura, and immediately suppressed Xiao Yan.

This space is the resting place of the immortal fire. Here, its strength is infinitely magnified, and Xiao Yan's two holy flames are quite weak. In addition, their own strength is weak, and they fell into a disadvantage for a while.

"Hey!" For a time, sweat appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead, apparently urging the source of Shengyan for a long time. For Xiao Yan, the load was not small. The power of the source of the two holy flames, that kind of consumption is staggering.

"Pfft!" Just when Xiao Yan was a little out of strength and was about to be defeated by the undead fire, an ancient red ring hidden in his body gently fell from Xiao Yan's body.

"Pimple Pimple!" At the same time, with the appearance of this ring, the entire void became quiet.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was stunned in a hurry, and with a touch of soul power, he tried to walk away towards the ring.

Xiao Yan didn't know why the ring would fall out uncontrollably at this time, but this ring was the "Emperor Flame Ring" given to him by the ancient emperor Tuoshe who had just arrived in a different world.

The power and mystery contained in this ring, with Xiao Yan’s current power, cannot be explored in the slightest, but Xiao Yan has always believed that this thing is definitely the key to finding the ancient emperor Tuoshe in the future, so this time his expression so nervous.

Even if the Emperor Yan Ring is strong and mysterious, and is burned by the immortal fire that ranks seventeenth on the Sacred Flame Ranking, it will probably turn to ashes.

"Bang bang bang!" The undead fire-grey magma jumped suddenly, and the fist-sized liquid directly enveloped the Emperor Yan Ring.

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan was in a hurry couldn't help scolding, if anything happened to this ring, I'm afraid it would be more difficult for him to find the ancient emperor Tuoshe in the future.

And according to Xiao Yan's guess, the Golden Dragon King and Tuoshe Gudi have such a good relationship, Tuosheguni is probably the real peak of existence in the world, if there is no such assistance, it will be a great loss to himself.

"Weng buzzing!" But a scene that Xiao Yan did not expect appeared.

Just after the undead fire gray magma source wrapped the Emperor Flame Ring, the power of the undead fire that had always been tyrannical suddenly decreased rapidly, and that power was pouring into the Emperor Flame Ring at an appalling speed!

"This..." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan's pressure was greatly reduced, and the threat of immortality to him gradually disappeared, but he just watched the Emperor Yanjie in the void that was constantly becoming weak, and even his whole body became ruddy. , wondered.

"What is the origin of this thing..." With the appearance of this scene, Xiao Yan also felt relieved, but because of the Emperor Yan's Ring, Immortal Fire's assessment of Xiao Yan was easy to pass, and the next step was the real Devoured!

However, Xiao Yan did not notice that when the Emperor Yanjie became ruddy, a mighty coercion from the heavens and the earth permeated. From this coercion, Xiao Yan's forehead and even the three holy flames in his body emanated. A very humble respect!

This wave of fluctuations is like a master, like the sky, it is daunting and awe-inspiring!