Chapter Vol 4 1565: Dou 4 Star Dou Xian mid-term!

"who?"

"Dare to destroy the good things of our Qingyun Pavilion, can't we find death?" Seeing that he was about to completely kill the third elder, he was suddenly rescued by the young man in front of him. Qingfeng couldn't help but become a little angry.

"Third Elder, then, some medicinal pills to restore the injury." After a while, the thin man threw several delicate jade bottles at the seriously injured man below, and immediately laughed.

"Three elders." The blood guard on the side also appeared here and said.

"Huo Yuan, I didn't ask you to report the information to the Sect Master and let him decide, why do you..." The third elder gently took the medicine pill and couldn't help but become puzzled.

"Three elders, this guy is the disciple who was assigned to manage our sect this time." Huo Yuan said.

"You can recover in peace, this guy. Leave it to me." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then his body instantly stepped on a branch above the ancient tree, staring vigilantly at the man in front of him.

"The manager of the late Samsung Dou Xian?"

"Hahaha!"

"Boy, you have a road to heaven and you don't go, and there is no door to **** to break in."

"It just so happened that the pavilion master ordered to arrest the two managers of the Wanhuo Sect." Qing Fen heard the words, but laughed suddenly. In his opinion, his dignified power in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals can deal with a guy who is not a Four Star Fighting Immortal. , I'm afraid it's as simple as pinching an ant to death.

"A lot of nonsense."

"Hot Explosion!" Xiao Yan didn't talk nonsense with Qingfeng, the dazzling fire attribute fighting qi in his body condensed, and then the speed suddenly skyrocketed, he directly broke away from the branch, pulled out the strange fire constant ancient ruler behind him, and attacked Qingfeng directly.

"What a fast speed!" Although Qingfeng despised Xiao Yan, he could only take countermeasures in the face of Xiao Yan's refusal to retreat and fight against the war.

"Fengxingtianyu!" In an instant, the Dou Core in Qingfeng's body wriggled, and the dazzling cyan Dou Qi spread out in an instant, surrounding him. It blasted towards Xiao Yan, and its attack strength was so strong that even a four-star Dou Xian would not give in too much.

"What a tyrannical attack..."

"Dragon God's first change!" Xiao Yan was moving at a high speed, but he could feel the huge energy contained in Qingfeng's attack, and immediately called out secretly, and immediately above his body, a very hidden golden luster flashed. He passed away, but with the blessing of the first transformation of the Dragon God, Xiao Yan's defense was greatly improved.

"Boom!" The starry rain silently fell on Xiao Yan. When Qingfeng saw this, he couldn't help laughing. He knew the tyranny of his attack. Under this blow.

"How could it be possible..." After a while, Qingfeng's smile was instantly frozen, because when the countless stars in the air touched Xiao Yan's body, they did not bring any reaction, as if they were destroyed. , Xiao Yan only held the heavy ruler in both hands, came to him, and chopped seven feet in a row. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Blue Wind Shield!" Before he could think about why Xiao Yan could ignore his attack, a dazzling blue light shield appeared in front of him instantly, blocking Xiao Yan's attack.

"Sisi." When the blow missed, Xiao Yan's body moved rapidly, but there were bursts of severe pain on his body. Obviously, even with the blessing of the first transformation of the Dragon God, he was dealing with a tyrannical four-star fight. The Qingfeng attack in the middle stage of the fairy also made Xiao Yan quite uncomfortable.

"This guy, with such terrifying combat power, was able to temporarily draw a tie with Qingfeng in the middle stage of the 3-star Dou Xian by virtue of his strength in the late stage of the 3-star Dou Xian. It seems that his internal fighting core and the fighting skills he has cultivated are quite advanced. In addition to the rich combat experience, it is really a freak." Seeing this, the third elder below couldn't help but scolded secretly, after all, the power Xiao Yan displayed at this time was too shocking.

"Damn, this guy's strength is too weird, no wonder he's being targeted by the powerhouses in the underground courtyard... It seems that he must be serious." After a short while, Qingfeng's face was solemn, and the contempt and disdain he had previously shown to Xiao Yan disappeared in an instant. net.

"Are you ready to make a real move... that's just right."

"Take me a foot!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's dazzling fire attribute fighting qi swept out and wrapped around the ancient ruler of the different fire, and immediately slashed towards Qingfeng, with seven beams of a hundred feet in a row, with an astonishing momentum.

"Such a weak attack, don't take it out for shame." Facing Xiao Yan's blow, Qingfeng waved his hand at will, and the seven giant feet suddenly shattered.

"The four-star Dou Xian powerhouse is indeed tyrannical, and it's still in the mid-term." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, but in order to preserve his strength, he could not rashly use Yan Yan Bian. After all, there was a four-star Dou Xian in Qingyun Pavilion. The powerhouse in the later stage, that guy, is the most difficult opponent.

"Are you helpless..."

"The mere strength of the late Samsung Fighting Immortal, being able to force me to use all my strength is worthy of your prestige..."

"Now, you can die!"

"Hahaha!" In an instant, looking at Xiao Yan who was standing slowly on the spot, Qingfeng burst out laughing.

"Feng Yao - Sunset Slash!"

"Fall, boy!" After a while, the fighting spirit in the entire space became thinner, and circles of cyan energy ripples continued to spread out in all directions with Qingfeng as the center, and terrifying fluctuations permeated out.

"Not good... This is a fighting skill at the top of the holy rank. If Xiao Yan were to face it, I'm afraid..." After speaking, the third elder tried to get up, but was swept away by the energy ripples.

"What a tyrannical attack..." Xiao Yan stood quietly in mid-air Looking at Qingfeng with a tyrannical blow, his heart also became hot. Above the ruler, a circle of mysterious lines, accompanied by the blessing of the Great Heavenly Seed Feiyan, slowly emerged, and these fluctuations turned out to be the power of moving the ruler in the Burning Incense Pavilion!

"Feng Yao-Sunset Slash." The soft voice sounded like a wind chime, and suddenly there was an extremely tyrannical sense of unease in the entire space.

"Boom!" After a while, Qingfeng didn't hesitate. The cyan blade that contained countless power and energy in the palm of his hand suddenly slashed towards the void where Xiao Yan was. The gesture just fell, and a circle of invisible swords suddenly appeared. Anger, with insufferable fluctuations, turned towards Xiao Yan. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"It's over, kid!"

"Hahaha!" Looking at Xiao Yan who didn't react at all, Qingfeng laughed out loud. This blow was enough to kill a powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal. To deal with Xiao Yan's late-stage Three-Star Fighting Immortal, it was enough to kill him with one blow. kill.

"Hoohoo."

"What a violent fluctuation, it is indeed a fighting skill at the peak of the Holy Order."

"Move the Sky Ruler!" But just when the invisible sword energy was about to attack Xiao Yan, the mysterious patterns on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in Xiao Yan's hand suddenly became dazzling with the blessing of the Great Heaven Seed. The invisible sword energy directly hit the flame pattern on the ancient ruler of the different fire, and then slowly disappeared.

"How is that possible!" At that time, Qingfeng's pupils shrank tightly and lost his voice.

"Give it back to you." At the moment Qingfeng lost his voice and doubted, the void behind him suddenly cracked a hundred meters, and then the terrifying slash that had just disappeared from Xiao Yan's face emerged!

At this time, the power of this invisible sword qi slash was even more tyrannical than when it attacked Xiao Yan just now!