Chapter Vol 4 1736: Forbidden is coming!

"Lord Li Soul...successful?" Hearing this voice resounding like a demonic voice throughout the desert hinterland, the many powerhouses under the protection of Xuan Tianhuan, their pupils shrank tightly, and hurriedly turned their eyes to the sky. The five-mang blood and soul array on top was projected.

At this moment, the countless gloomy blood mists in the five corners of the Wumang Bloodsoul Array have completely disappeared without a trace, and even the pink space in the center of the formation is constantly shaking, and even the world is afraid of it. Terrible fluctuations arise spontaneously.

"He still succeeded." Seeing such a scene, Hao Ni'er looked extremely solemn, and immediately said solemnly.

"Senior sister, give me the Soul Eater Talisman, and you can go." Xiao Yan said with a solemn expression looking at the constantly shaking and expanding pink space.

"Then you will die."

"But if we don't, we'll all die!"

"Then let me be the hero, you should still be your descendant of the Xiao clan."

"Senior sister!" The two stood tall in the sky, and their simple conversation made Xiao Yan jump into a rage.

"Junior Brother, listen to me, there are mysterious things in me, so I won't die, so you take them and go!" After a while, seeing Xiao Yan's same stubborn temper, Hao Ni'er did not give in at all. Can only bow down and say.

However, what is the mystery of Hao Ni'er? Once he completely detonates his own power and triggers the true power of the Soul Eater Talisman, although he can fight against the Master of the Soul, in the end, no matter whether he succeeds or fails, Hao Ni'er will eventually lose his soul.

"Wait a minute, there's still time."

"Go back!" And Xiao Yan just wanted to explain that with Xiao Sensheng's power and holy flame, he finally dealt with the Master of Li Soul for a time or two. A terrifying ripple that made Xiao Yan's scalp numb, slowly spread from the sky like the end of the day. Top spread.

"Xuuuu!" Without any pause, Xiao Yan's figure wriggled, directly pulling Hao Ni'er with his palm and forcibly taking him towards Xuan Tianhuan.

"Stunned..." Hao Ni'er originally wanted to have other words to break Xiao Yan's stubbornness, but after being pulled by Xiao Yan like this, something strange appeared on her calm and pretty face.

It seems that since childhood, he has only cared about cultivation, and has never faced a man before, even being pulled by Xiao Yan. A rather unfamiliar figure of a man appeared in Hao Ni'er's memory, as if he and this man The relationship is quite close, but Hao Nier can't remember who he is for a while.

"Defend with all your strength!" Xiao Yan brought Hao Ni'er to the Xuantian Ring protective shield, moved the protective barrier directly towards the bottom of the desert, and immediately spoke to the strong around him.

"Weng buzzing!" Because these guys knew Xiao Yan's identity, without any hesitation, the dazzling fighting qi turned into hundreds of rock-solid fighting qi barriers, wrapping everyone tightly.

"The forbidden technique of the demon of light... actually collided with the time when the Lord of Li Soul broke through the cycle of reincarnation." At this moment, the black evil dragon wolf and You Er, who were beside Xiao Yan, spoke at the same time.

For a time, through the endless desert, with the strength of their souls, everyone could clearly feel every move that took place in the desert.

"Huhu." The yellow sand is squirming like the ocean, clamoring for their anger, and this already dilapidated desert hinterland, two strong auras isolated from the world, are about to appear in the world.

"Lord of Li Soul..." In an instant, when the endless rays of light converged on the top of the desert, the demon of light's beautiful eyes finally unfolded. At the same time, a pure white holy sword of judgment thousands of meters in size quietly crawls in the light. the head of the devil.

The bright breath is extremely powerful, and even the sacred breath contained in it, purifies all the evil in the world, the bright wings behind him slowly stretch, and the golden pattern on the bright holy garment pushes its breath to the real half-reincarnation realm!

"What an evil formation... This formation may have eroded the blood souls of tens of thousands of elites in Li Soul Domain." The Demon of Light did not act, nor did he easily cut off the forbidden-level Judgment Sword. His eyes swept lightly, and instantly locked the five corners of the five-mang blood-soul formation in front of him that had already dried up.

"Lord of the Soul, come out and die!" At the next moment, the beautiful eyes stared at the core of the formation, constantly shaking and expanding the pink light group. An extremely terrifying speed, growing rapidly.

And that devil baby is the new born of the master of the soul.

"Gululu!" The ghostly aura seemed to sense the divine aura of the Demon of Light, and it vibrated immediately, quite frightened.

"Light!" Without any hesitation, he tightly guarded the Forbidden Technique Divine Sword above his head, and the dazzling rays of light gathered behind him. Immediately, endless milky white rays of light rushed towards the five-mang blood and soul formation.

"Boom!" Attacked by such a sacred aura of light from the Demon of Light, the sturdy evil formation became shaky for a while, and it was about to collapse in a blink of an eye.

"Although I am deeply immersed in evil, such evil formations should not exist in the world, so let's destroy them." The palm of the hand was raised, and countless rays of light turned into a small pair of swords, directly facing the formation in the void. Roaring away.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the formation was completely smashed by it, and then black fragments emerged from the air, and even the entire formation became extremely uneasy!

"Lord Li Soul, it's over!"

"Forbidden Technique of Light, Sword of Demon Judgment of Light!" Looking at the broken evil formation, there was only the pink light group that was extremely strong and could not be destroyed by any means. The demon of light did not hesitate, smiled slightly, and killed with a smile. I mean, there is no doubt about it!

"Shasha!" As soon as the voice fell, with the blessing of the Holy Clothes of Light, the Demon of Light was like a real angel, with the white wings behind his back shaking slowly, and every shaking would spread out countless sacred light auras, and the palms slowly lifted. He got up and grabbed the Bright Judgment Demon Sword above his head in one fell swoop!

"Boom boom boom!" The breath of the demon of light immediately became sluggish after holding the Qianzhang Jujue Sword. Obviously, it takes a lot of time to perform the forbidden technique, but this display is enough to drain all her strength!

However, this is the case, she still has the power to wield the Demon Judgment Sword!

"Lord of Li Soul The present you brought to him in the past will end completely!"

"Fall under the Demon Sword."

"Bright Judgment, Execution of Ghosts and Evils!"

"Devil Judgment Sword!" With a loud shout, the pure white magic judgment sword, like a pillar of the sky, slashed away at the place where the Lord of the Soul was, with a strong momentum, destroying the sky and destroying the sky. land!

In an instant, the entire desert hinterland trembled. Countless heaven and earth energies, and even the dust in the sky, became extremely quiet for a while. They were roaring, cheering, and jumping for joy!

The emperor returning from eternal slumber who greeted it!

With the advent of this destructive sword, the entire desert hinterland was filled with extremely disturbing fluctuations, as if it would explode and shatter at any time, and the pink light group suddenly burst into a faint channel visible to the naked eye.

Immediately, a pink bloodshot spread out, and a beautiful black throne was suspended in the air!

On top of his throne, a handsome man with dark pupils stared at the sword that was rushing towards him with a smirk.

That is... the master of the soul under the reincarnation!

And there is also the master of the soul who has left the soul body, completely condensed the human body, and successfully devoured the Acacia Heartbreaker!