Chapter Vol 4 1587: Agreed!

"Senior..." Sensing the demon-like killing intent on the woman beside him, Xiao Yan's pressure increased sharply, and the dazzling holy flames flooded out to protect him, but it was a pity that in the face of the truly tyrannical five-star fighting immortal holy flame guardian, Xiao Yan was still unable to resist.

"Sorry." After Shunxi, the woman turned her head and said to Xiao Yan, the dazzling killing intent also slowly dissipated, but her eyes softened, and she immediately looked at the stone statue man.

"His name is Fengmo, and my name is Yumu."

"The two of us were born in an ordinary continent."

"The mainland was born normally and stable. Although it was attacked by the evil tribes outside the territory, but with the power of holy flames, we have been defended many times, but one day, an uninvited strong man directly broke the peace. "

"On that day, ghosts were everywhere, and the powerful force made us unable to resist. Even the master of our plane was instantly obliterated by it." Qiqi's novel was first published on the whole network.

"And by virtue of the power of the Acacia tree and Acacia bronchitis, although I was lucky enough to escape the pursuit, my husband was killed by his gangster, and the gangster also took advantage of the situation to steal the holy flame in the acacia tree, And Acacia Broken Enteritis must be tempered by the Acacia tree every once in a while, so the Acacia tree was also transferred here." The soft voice contained the killing intent of the sky, which allowed Xiao Yan to be able to From the woman's words, I heard some other meanings.

"That person... I'm afraid it's the Lord of Li Soul." As the woman explained her past incessantly, Xiao Yan immediately spoke with empathy, and his voice was also filled with anger.

"Yes...it's the Lord of Li Soul."

"And my purpose this time is also to give you a power that is enough to conquer the holy flame, as long as you can avenge my husband." In an instant, the woman seemed to roar with a roar-like voice.

"The Lord of Li Soul is the Lord of a Domain. His strength is already close to the peak of this world. Even me, there is no way to do it." Although Xiao Yan was quite enthusiastic about the power to subdue Acacia Broken Enteritis, but for a while Don't dare to agree easily, after all, this kind of hot potato is extremely dangerous.

"What you said is not unreasonable, but I know that a human being can harbor two kinds of holy flames at the same time. The future achievements of this human being are naturally limitless. Even if it is gambling, I am willing to believe in you." After Shunxi, The woman slowly shook her head and said in a soft voice.

"That would take a long time." Xiao Yan nodded.

"But I've been waiting, Acacia and Broken Enteritis can't wait." After a while, the woman said in an unusually sharp voice.

"What?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately noticed something, and couldn't help but say.

"Do you know why the Lord of Li Soul secretly hides the supreme powers in the Seven Realms to go hunting for Acacia and Broken Enteritis?" the woman asked back.

"I don't know." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"The ghost world creatures have only been able to swallow two holy flames since ancient times, but the ambition of the master of the soul is not small. The purpose of his establishment of the soul academy is to study and solve this problem."

"And not long ago, the top researchers in the Soul Academy who were responsible for studying this problem all fell. You must know that although their strength is not strong, they are surrounded by the protection of the seven-star fighting immortals."

"Being able to kill all the seven-star fighting immortals under the terrain in which the Soul Academy is in charge, with the help of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, I'm afraid there will be no one else except the Master of Li Soul Territory." Qian Ying said slowly.

"He found these guys with great effort. If he destroys them like this, I'm afraid it's tantamount to digging his own grave... Wait, isn't it right, is he killing people?"

"Could it be that he has found a way for ghosts to devour Holy Flame?" At that time, Xiao Yan suddenly understood something.

"Don't ask how I know that."

"I have a subtle connection with Shengyan, and I can detect a lot of things, and these things were discovered not long ago, so I guess that the Lord of Li Soul may want to take this opportunity to swallow Acacia Brokenheartitis." Qianying woman analyzed word by word.

"Damn..." Xiao Yan heard the words and clenched his fists heavily, and a heavy feeling emerged in his heart.

Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation is one of the most reliable ways to revive Mu Yingying. If it doesn't work, I am afraid there are only the so-called angels in the great world, because they control the resurrection magic, but Xiao Yan doesn't believe that they will Perform magic for an unrelated person.

In this case, Acacia Broken Enteritis is the top priority. If it is swallowed by the Lord of Li Soul, I am afraid that this time, there is really no hope of resurrection.

"I noticed that you have two holy flames on your body, and there seems to be a very weak other power, similar to holy flames but very different."

"Besides that, you have an extremely dazzling power of lovesickness. A large part of the power of lovesickness should come from this weak power of holy flame," said the woman in the shadow.

"I came to the ghost world to find Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation, because... I want to revive my lover." Xiao Yan's face was calm, and he spoke slowly, but at this time, this man was a little stubborn, and some did not dare to recognize the reality. Xiao Yan seemed to have slowly accepted Mu Yingying's position in his heart.

"Acacia Broken Enteritis does have the magical effect of resurrection, but you can **** it from the master of the soul... Do you dare to accept such a terrifying deal?" The beautiful woman smiled.

"Dare!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, his voice lingering like thunder for a long time.

"This is the source flame of Acacia Flame. It can isolate the harm of Acacia Flame to you and make you close to Acacia Flame. But remember, it can only be used once." The flame slowly began to beat in his palm 咻咻! "With this faint flame beating, the two holy flames in Xiao Yan's body suddenly burst into a burst of fear, obviously facing the Acacia flame ranked as high as fifteen, even a faint flame is fundamentally Overpowering them. Fastest update of Chi Chi Fiction https://

"Thank you." A soft voice slowly emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth. Xiao Yan was able to find that this beautiful woman seemed to have spent a lot of energy in order to condense this trace of the source of holy flame, and immediately took out a large amount of medicinal pills to try to relieve it. its pressure.

"Don't bother, my strength is related to the Acacia tree."

"I can't leave the acacia tree, and I can't go to seek revenge for the Lord of Li Soul in an upright manner."

"This time, the matter of revenge is up to you."

"And in the end, if you are lucky enough to get Acacia Flame, then it means that you have a relationship with it. You can use it to resurrect your lover." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, the beautiful girl smiled slowly, as if she saw her husband from this guy. general mind.

"Go out... You have been in the acacia tree for three years, and it seems that something unfriendly to you has happened outside." After a while, the beautiful girl spoke up, and immediately melted. With a gentle force, Xiao Yan was slowly pushed out.

"Thank you, senior!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan clenched his fists, slightly bent his body, and gave him a big gift, and then slowly left the acacia tree.

"Wind... The fluctuations in this human being are very similar to the Holy King who appeared in the first World War. I hope this time, we did nothing wrong." As Xiao Yan disappeared, the beautiful woman suddenly murmured.

At this point, the acacia matter is all over, Xiao Yan can be said to be the person who has gained the most, but at this time, the outside world has already exploded.