Chapter Vol 4 2084: At the bottom of the spiritual sea, strange silt?

"Tear it!" Xiao Yan's pressure increased greatly just after he entered the spiritual sea. Even if the energy barrier formed by the holy flames blocked the invasion of the sea water, waves of icy chills were transmitted to Xiao Yan's mind. It seemed that They can ignore the defense of the holy flame and directly attack Xiao Yan himself.

The temperature contained in the spirit sea was extremely terrifying, and there were bursts of dim light around, and the enormous pressure in the water abyss greatly affected Xiao Yan's speed. The group is wrapped, and there are quietly standing medicinal materials of different shapes. To collect these medicinal materials, you can only activate the respective medicines.

"What's going on down there?"

"It's actually able to make the Ice Fire Evil Dragon so anxious?"

"And there are no traces of Yan Xuan and Shen Hong. Could it be that the actions of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon have something to do with them..." Xiao Yan's eyes were extremely vigilant. After the breath, Xiao Yan's soul power was blocked, so he could only follow the ice and fire evil dragon towards the bottom of the sea.

"Hoohoho!" The Ice Fire Evil Dragon didn't care, its speed skyrocketed and flew towards the bottom of the Spirit Sea. The violent aura in its two heads was like a monster in madness. At this moment, it was extremely angry and guarded by itself. If the treasure that has been in existence for thousands of years is stolen by others, I am afraid he will be furious.

At the same time, at the bottom of the Linghai Sea below.

"Is this the core place where the ice and fire evil dragon guards." Yan Xuan and Shen Hong looked at each other, the rushing water around them suppressed their strength, and suddenly saw the bottom of the sea, a pool of silt emerged, just Above the silt, there was a burst of vitality, and it was obvious that there might be some unworldly treasure in it.

"Let's go and see." Yan Xuan and Shen Hong can't support each other alone, so they can only cheer each other up, and then the breath of the whole body emerges, and they slowly walk away to the mud at the bottom, ready to find out.

"Hoohoho!" The two had not yet touched the silt position, but felt a repulsive force pushing their bodies away. After a while, a rushing undercurrent above the sea of ​​​​ling, accompanied by a behemoth, burst out.

"No, go back!" At this moment, the two of Yan Xuan felt a chill in their hearts, and their toes pointed on the void and quickly retreated. If that kind of terrifying power did not defend, I am afraid that the two of them would be in an extremely terrifying crisis. .

"Damn human!"

"I'm going to tear you apart!" With a slam, a deafening roar emerged, and the ice and fire evil dragon turned into a two-color beam of light entwined with ice and fire, flashing at the bottom of the spirit sea, and whistling away directly at the two of Yan Xuan, with a menacing momentum , as if entering the realm of no one!

"Dragon scales?"

"My good guy, he actually stole the dragon scales of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon, no wonder this guy is so furious." Xiao Yan hid in the dark, the huge soul power covering his body, so he could not be discovered by the Ice Fire Evil Dragon for a while. The blue-brown dragon scales in Xuan's hands suddenly became clear.

Dragon scales are the pride of dragon creatures, and actions such as taking their dragon scales and peeling their skins are like killing and punishing them, and they are extremely hated by dragons.

"It turns out that I wanted to eat alone." His gaze shifted, Xiao Yan found that there was a faint light shining in the mud below, and the touch in the light was actually similar to the spiritual palace in his own body!

"Let them fight, it's not appropriate to expose all means now." Xiao Yan muttered quietly, and suddenly chose to stand by and watch.

"Let this beast see through our plan!"

"Shen Hong, stop it with my hands. I will use its dragon scales to try to get closer to the bottom. If it is successful, we will be half of the things below!" Yan Xuan snorted coldly, his speed skyrocketed, holding the blue-brown dragon scale in his hand, Go directly to the silt below, trying to take out its treasure.

However, at this time, with the protection of the dragon scales, the repelling power was greatly reduced in a hurry, Yan Xuan was overjoyed, and tried his best to mobilize the dragon scales and his own strength.

"The Tooth of the Black Snake!" Seeing this, Shen Hong felt extremely aggrieved, but the attack that was as strong as the ice and fire dragon could only bite his teeth hard, and the two of them were in a mess. In order to take this treasure for themselves, It has already angered the other contestants. If they fail, I am afraid that the end of the two of them will be in a state of doom.

The voice just fell, and the hot flames emerged from the whole body, forming a fierce and ferocious flame snake directly on the seabed. Under the control of Shen Hong, it exploded like a poisonous snake and shot at it, trying to resist the ice and fire evil dragon. s attack.

"Kacha!" Although Shen Hong said that his strength is not bad, but the Ice Fire Evil Dragon is not a simple thing, and the two of them are the culprits who angered the Ice Fire Evil Dragon. Shen Hong's attack was easily defeated by the Ice Fire Evil Dragon. The attack of the smashing bamboo was released, and the fierce killing intent and anger made Shen Hong slightly startled. If it continued like this, I am afraid that they would die.

"Light Curtain!" At this moment, Shen Hong smelled an awe-inspiring awe that was infinitely close to death, his eyes became dignified, his fingers were surging, and then a scroll of Angelica's sheepskin appeared, with countless mysteries depicted on the scroll. The mysterious lines clearly came from the hands of the strong, but he didn't have time to hesitate, his fingers squirmed and tore them apart in an instant.

"Boom!" The ancient sheepskin scroll had just been released, and a sacred and inviolable light filled the entire seabed. The dazzling sacred light enveloped Shen Hong, making it impervious to water and fire, and for a while, the ice and fire evil dragon's attack was lost. target.

"Light attribute one-time fighting skill scroll?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered when he saw this. For some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that this Shen Hong had a very close relationship with the Holy See. After blinking his eyes, Xiao Yan narrowed his eyes slightly. Looking down Yan Xuan, he found that Yan Xuan's body suddenly stopped moving, as if he was vigilant and hesitant!

"Yanxuan Okay!"

"This guy is a peerless monster that is comparable to the late human eight-star Dou Xian, and I can't stop it!" With such a mysterious blow, Shen Hong's body was squirming, and one after another tyrannical attack emerged, but it did not stop. Without causing much damage to the Ice Fire Evil Dragon, he couldn't help roaring at Yan Xuan below.

A creature of the level of the Ice Fire Evil Dragon surpasses human beings of the same level by too many in terms of combat power and intelligence. Their actions are no different from sending them to death.

"Weng buzzing!" Yan Xuan didn't care to respond to Shen Hong, he only felt that the closer he got to this colorless and transparent silt, the power in his body quickly flowed away, and even an astonishing chill appeared in his heart.

"You all have to die!" The light curtain slowly disappeared, the Ice Fire Evil Dragon's body swayed, its two heads were raised high, and a surging power was slowly brewing in its four eyes.

The monstrous anger surged out from the two heads, and the splendid energy of water and fire became more and more intense, which induced his demeanor to be extraordinarily **** and terrifying.

It seems that under this blow, the whole world will be eclipsed!