Chapter 105: Dan Lei!

"Boom boom boom!" Within the Yue Family compound, thunderclouds continued to appear in the sky above it.

As soon as the shouting sounded, a majestic momentum suddenly swept out from the burly body, and feeling the tyrannical degree of this momentum, the expressions of the people present suddenly changed, and the sound of voiceless continued. Get up.

"Five-star Dou Di powerhouse?"

Losing his voice, he felt the cold killing intent that pervaded the air. Many people felt a chill in their hearts and hurriedly retreated.

"How is that possible? I didn't expect that this old guy's hidden disease is actually healed. This is a real five-star Doudi powerhouse!" Feeling the majestic aura, the man in gray couldn't help but be a little stunned. It can also be regarded as having a few sides.

But this month's family master is a genuine five-star Doudi powerhouse! I heard that this guy had suffered from a dark disease before, and his strength was not as good as before, so he dared to bring his son and come to the Yue family to find Xiao Yan in order to avenge the ruins.

But now that he has regained his strength, no matter what, it is obviously unwise to want someone under the nose of a five-star Dou Emperor. After all, the head of the Mu family is only in the late stage of a four-star Dou Emperor...

"Within ten breaths, get out of here!"

When the gray-clothed man was horrified, that ice-cold gaze suddenly shot toward him, and the indifferent killing intent in his eyes made the elder of the Gan Mu family feel a little chilled.

However, my heart is cold and cold, but with the Mu family's status in this Wu City, although they can't be on an equal footing with Wu Huan's family, when have they been reprimanded like this?

Mueller was arrogant, so even so, he never paid attention to the burly person in front of him. After all, he was accompanied by his father, so he was not as full of fear as ordinary people.

"Retreat first, find Xiao Yan first, then it's not appropriate to fight with her at this time. It's not a wise move to have a grudge against a five-star fighting emperor." Just when Muller was slightly angry, the gray-robed man, but It's the slow way.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Hearing this, Mueller was stunned for a moment, then he had to nod his head, wave his hand, and slowly lead the crowd back.

When Mueller heard that the man in gray said so, he solemnly looked at the burly figure in the air, a five-star Doudi powerhouse! Even my own father can't handle it...

The people around them saw that the Mu family's strong men were immediately dismissed by the Yue family's people, and they couldn't help but smack their lips. The five-star Dou Di strong man is really not a fuel-efficient lamp.

"Xiao Yan, you'd better pray that you don't fall into my hands, otherwise I want you to die very ugly." Mueller was also extremely angrily looking in the direction of the Yue family, and then said viciously.

Such a vision that suddenly appeared in the sky also alarmed many people in the Yue family. At the moment, the sound of breaking wind resounded in the sky, and silhouettes flashed out of the Yue family compound, and finally suspended in the sky, full of people. His face was staring at the dark clouds in the sky.

"Dan Lei..."

Yueyu hovered in the sky, looking at the thunder that was moving around like a silver snake in the dark clouds with a solemn expression, and said slowly and solemnly.

Beside Yue Yu, Yue Ru and the third elder who took the medicinal herbs were also standing in the air. Under the power of the world, even they felt a faint palpitation.

"The elders obeyed the order and set up a large formation in the Yue Family compound. If Dan Lei falls into the compound, immediately take action!" The thick dark clouds in the sky almost enveloped half of the compound. Upon seeing this, Yue Yu He also shouted with a solemn expression.

"Yes!"

Hearing Yueyu's order, the elders in the courtyard did not dare to neglect, they all responded with a shout, and then swept down, and finally scattered in all corners of the inner courtyard, and the vigorous fighting qi burst out from the body, and immediately In the distance, they echo each other.

"The Yue family members, immediately leave the compound and go to the front yard. Don't hang out outside!" Seeing that many elders were on call, Yue Yu felt a little worried, and turned her head toward the compound and shouted.

Seeing Yue Yu's dignified old face, even many members of the Yue family were extremely curious about the changes in the sky, but they could only obediently run to the front yard, and then stood at the gate of the Yue family, watching carefully. The thunder that slowly exudes amazing fluctuations in the sky.

"Some high-grade medicinal pills, once they are born, their mighty power will cause turmoil in the world, and finally a pill thunder will appear. Moreover, the pill thunder caused by Xiao Yan this time is more powerful than any one I have seen before. Alchemist, even stronger." After commanding this, Yue Yu breathed a sigh of relief and raised her head. Looking at the heavy dark clouds that were constantly emitting rumbling sounds, he said slowly.

"Patriarch, look... Xiao Yan can take over this pill thunder?" The third elder also looked at the young man in black robe standing above the wooden hut with his hands behind his back, and couldn't help but ask a little worried. After all, this is the residence of their Yue family, and this terrifying Dan Lei was careless...

Hearing this, Yue Yu was also slightly hesitant, then she shook her head with a wry smile, and said, "I don't know much about this, after all, the Dan Lei I have seen are quite limited, but the one I saw back then was a Dan Lei. , it was that pharmacist who had hired three strong men with strengths around the four-star Dou Di, just now to resist them. This time, Xiao Yan's pill thunder was obviously stronger. With his own strength, perhaps. ..it's going to be a little difficult."

The jade hand tightened slightly, Yueru nodded silently, the majestic fighting spirit in her body began to flow quietly, she had made up her mind. Once Xiao Yan is out of support, he will take action immediately!

"Hey, watch carefully, if the situation is not right, you and I will take action. Although I don't know if Dan Lei can be resisted, no matter what, we can share a lot of pressure on Xiao Yan..." Yue Yu also glanced at his daughter, then sighed and said.

Yueru lightly tapped her snow-white chin and said, "I trouble father and the third elder..."

Although Yueru knew that a large part of the reason her father did this was because of herself...

During the conversation between the several people, the dark clouds in the sky were getting thicker and heavier. From a distance, it seemed as if they were about to overwhelm the ground, giving people an extremely oppressive feeling.

From the perspective of the people in the Yue Family Courtyard below, at this moment Xiao Yan, there are heavy dark clouds above his head. The huge sound of thunder and the might of the sky made people tremble with fear.

Therefore, all the Yue family members and even some elders felt great admiration for Xiao Yan standing on the wooden house without changing his face under such circumstances.

"Hey!"

The dark clouds filled the air, and suddenly a black thunderbolt with thick arms rushed out of the dark clouds, and the dazzling light made the dark world brighten.

Above the wooden house, Xiao Yan raised his head and looked at the thick dark cloud that was almost close at hand. The thundering thunder was like a blast beside his ear, causing a buzzing feeling in his eardrums.