Chapter Vol 4 1703: Longtan Tiger Cave!

The four gods, the Lord of Li Soul, are in the West Temple.

"Palace Master, the situation is now clear, you should unite with the other four Palace Masters as soon as possible to wipe out the Devil of Light, otherwise once the Devil of Light and Soul Eater join forces, it will be devastating for us in Li Soul Territory. Strike." At this time, three figures stood inside the temple, and one of the men frowned and said hurriedly.

The core of the West Shrine, the Fang Shrine, is where Fang Hao lives.

The whole body is silver, and countless thunders are looming. It is obviously a palace specially built for Fang Hao. In the center of the palace, there are only a few white jade stone pillars, and the rest is a throne standing tall.

On the throne is the palace master of the West God Temple, and two men beside him appear here, and they all carry an incomparable power.

This is a middle-aged man, with a ferocious face, quite scary, with strong muscles, silver lightning stripes on the muscles, which contain some kind of shocking terrifying power, and behind his arms, A giant axe stands on top of the giant axe, a steady stream of thunder light emerges, and even on the thunder axe pattern, a rather ferocious and strange thunder beast is engraved on it. The thunder beast is extremely peculiar in shape, but it contains A very violent atmosphere.

Fang Hao, the master of the West Temple, was in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

As for the two people around him, they are the two guards of the West Temple, and they are also Fang Hao's right and left hands, Leng Yi and Jimo.

The strength of the two is at the perfect level of Seven Star Dou Xian, and they are Fang Hao's true right and left hand.

"No, this matter can't be rushed." Shaking his head casually, Fang Hao on the throne said helplessly.

"But Hall Master, if we don't seize such a great opportunity, I'm afraid..." Leng Yi on the side continued to speak.

"Do you know why the Demon of Light and Soul Eater didn't send the strongest to attack, but only used some shrimp soldiers and crab generals?" Fang Hao asked back.

"Could it be..." When Ji Mo heard the words, he seemed to realize something and lost his voice.

"That's right, they are afraid of the Lord of Souls."

"When they attacked the Demon Realm before, the Lord of Li Soul once joined forces with the Demon Realm and the Buddha Realm, so they may be afraid. After all, the Demon Realm and the Buddha and the Lord of Li Soul still have some friendship." Fang Hao said with a smile.

"I don't know where the Lord of Soul Li is now. He has not been seen for more than half a year, and even the command of the battle is in the hands of the Lord of the North Temple..." After a while, Leng Yi continued to ask.

"Lord Li Soul should quietly retreat in a certain place at this time and break through."

"Once you break through and enter that realm, I'm afraid..." Fang Hao envied.

"Okay, let's go down, now it's an eventful season, remember to cooperate with the North Temple in everything." Lazily sitting on the throne, he waved his hands.

"Yes." When the two heard the words, they also became quiet.

"Head of Li Hunwei, it's your turn to act." As the two guards left, Fang Hao called out to a certain place in the empty space.

"Shabu!" With a sound, the void squirmed, and a man bathed in black ancient armor stepped out.

"Fang Hao, you have worked hard for you this time. When the master succeeds, your credit will be unprecedented." The head of Li Hunwei just appeared, and a gloomy voice emerged.

Hua Shao, the leader of Li Soul Guard, controls the most elite troops under Li Soul Guard, Li Soul Guard, and his strength is on par with Fang Hao!

On the black armor of Hua Shao's body, countless strange black auras outline traces of ancient texts. The ancient texts seem to contain a trace of disturbing power, which makes people shudder.

"All the supplies have been delivered. This is the last time. Whether it is successful or not depends on the Lord of the Soul."

"However, this guy, the Lord of Li Soul, is also a hero, and he is willing to use the entire Li Soul Domain as a bargaining chip."

"The attack of Soul Eater and the Devil of Light is not enough for Li Soul Territory to resist. If the Lord of Li Soul fails to break through, we will fall into a state of doom. If it succeeds, it will naturally be a great joy for all. It's a big gamble." Fang Hao smiled.

"Who can say anything about that level, after all, the master has stayed at that level for too long..."

"By the way, it seems that some flies have slipped in inside the West Temple." The voice just fell, and the place is now calm.

This is the core part of the temple, and on the other side, the situation of Xiao Yan and the others.

"what should I do now?"

"Isn't it possible that the achievements have been hidden here?" Xiao Yan and You'er were still hidden in the rock-like materials, and said uneasy, Xiao Yan always felt that hidden in the materials, they were directly transported to the master of the soul to retreat. , certainly is extremely inconspicuous.

Things that are too easy and simple are the most dangerous.

The number of hidden powerhouses in the West Temple is far beyond Xiao Yan's expectations, and there are not a few Seven Star Fighting Immortals, and even vaguely have some aura like a master...

Eight Star Fighting Immortal.

"Don't worry, I'm afraid this is the only way now." You Er glanced around, but there was no good way, so he said helplessly.

"Don't worry, these materials are needed by the Lord of the Soul, and someone will definitely come to deliver them, but the only thing we can look forward to is that this guy is not too strong, otherwise the two of us will do this. It's just self-defeating... "You Er asked suspiciously.

"Hopefully, but I'm still waiting to die." Xiao Yan shook his head weakly, and immediately his body burned at a high speed, but strangely, he didn't smell any breath of Acacia and Brokenheartitis, which made Xiao Yan quite strange.

At this time, there is a rather quiet warehouse where many supplies are stored, and even the exquisite sedan chair is deeply immersed in it, and the deadly silence here makes people feel uneasy.

"Go out and have a look..." After a while, Xiao Yan said.

"Are you crazy?"

"There are some powerhouses in the West Temple outside. Once we are discovered by them, I'm afraid..." You Er hesitated.

"My disguise is not enough to deceive some tyrannical seven-star fighting immortals, and eight-star fighting immortals can see through my disguise in no time, so it's a waste of time here, and we can't take this risk. Xiao Yan explained.

"So it is." Hearing the words, You Er felt relieved for a while. The disguise along the way was all cast by Xiao Yan. Even You Er admired this kind of disguise, because unless the strength was tyrannical, it was really impeccable.

But now that Xiao Yan said this, You Er also nodded and said, they are weak in strength between the two, and if they are discovered by any six-star fighting immortal, I am afraid it will be a mortal situation, not to mention seven-star or even eight-star...

"Also, I'm curious, what is inside that sedan chair..." After a while, the two figures appeared in the warehouse at the same time.

In the warehouse, there are some huge rocks and stones all around. Surprisingly, the temperature here is not low, and there is even a trace of warmth. Beyond that, there are rock-like irregular materials, and they are placed in Beautiful sedan chairs in the material center.

The sedan chair as a whole showed a strange red color. The whole body of the sedan chair was surrounded by countless black qi. Those black qi were like ancient texts from ancient times. Every time Xiao Yan looked at it, a trace of horror would emerge in his heart. It seems that this thing is not ordinary. thing.

At the same time, the Great Soul Venerable also sneaked into the West Temple with a thousand soul disciples.