Chapter Vol 4 1535: Luo Menglan!

"Boom!" After a short while, Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui suddenly came to a mysterious area surrounded by white mist.

This area seems to be in the void, a vast expanse of whiteness, but behind the expanse of whiteness, there is a terrifying and terrifying energy fluctuation.

"Where is this?" Xiao Gui couldn't help asking, because with Xiao Gui's perception, this place was no longer in the big city of the Lingyuan, but was led by the old ghost of the earth spirit to a space. .

"Senior?" Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power spread out, but he found nothing, so he could only speak softly.

"You can just call me old," the old ghost said. After all, the two guys were always taking one bite at the old ghost. They were quite displeased, and immediately said.

"As for this...it's Lingshan." After a while, Di Lao's figure slowly appeared beside Xiao Yan and the two.

"Old Di." When the two heard the words, they also spoke happily, but at this time, there were only three of them, and the three of them were walking on the road, surrounded by white fog that could not see five fingers.

"Let's go, go to register first, and then you can practice in Lingshan."

"This Lingshan Mountain is a holy place for cultivation." Di Lao's eyes penetrated the endless white fog, looking at the Nuoda Mountain behind him, and said softly.

As soon as the words fell, the old man moved directly in this white fog, Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui looked at each other, and immediately followed.

"Pfft." After a while, a group of three people slowly penetrated the endless white fog and came to the foot of a mountain. There is one person and one table. The figure is quite lazy, but on that table, there are the four treasures of the study. to register.

"Duan Fan, don't let me be lazy, you brat." In an instant, a sharp breath emerged from Di Lao's body, which immediately cheered the sleepy lazy figure.

"Di... Di Lao, why do you have the leisure to come here?" The mountain guard named Duan Fan, a four-star fighting immortal powerhouse, who is responsible for guarding Lingshan all the year round. Every time the disciples of the Lingyuan enter or leave Lingshan , are subject to his registration.

After all, although Lingshan is under the protection of the Lingyuan, it is inevitable that some other forces in the realm of the Earthly Lingyuan are eyeing it. Therefore, a protective shield can be set up to protect the precious cultivation resources.

"I brought two disciples who just joined to come to Lingshan to practice."

"Register early and let them in." Di Lao said casually.

"Yes!"

"Two, please tell me your strengths and names. If you allow me to register, you can enter Lingshan." Duan Fan didn't dare to be negligent when he heard the words, and smiled directly at the two disciples, Duan Fan's seniority. Although they are taller than the two of them, the two of them were actually able to bring Di Lao personally, which is enough to show how much their Spiritual Academy attaches importance to it. After all, the strength of this Di Lao is extremely tyrannical in the Spiritual Academy, and there are very few disciples under him. , to be favored by him, the talent and strength required are naturally considerable.

"Xiao Yan, the strength in the middle stage of Samsung Dou Xian." Xiao Yan nodded lightly when he heard this, and then smiled at him.

"The middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals?" Duan Fan heard the words, his eyes were slowly startled, but he was not too dull. He picked up the pen in his palm and quickly recorded Xiao Yan's information.

"Xiao Gui, the three-star battle of immortals is complete." After a while, Xiao Gui also spoke.

"Old Di, it's alright." After a short while, Duan Fan registered the information of the two and smiled.

"Two people, this is the first time you have entered Lingshan to cultivate. The only thing you need to pay attention to is that there are many creatures in this Lingshan. These creatures exist because of the splendid energy of Lingshan. Don't be confused by its surface. Yes." Duan Fan said with concern.

"Yes." The two nodded.

"Weng Om!" At that time, Duan Fan didn't say much, his palm suddenly poked towards the white fog behind him, and suddenly green lines, like a painter, completely removed the white fog, and suddenly, in the center of the white fog, A green door appeared.

"Go in, if the absorption energy is saturated, then exit."

"This guy will always be here, don't be brave." Di Lao ordered.

"Okay." Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui nodded slowly when they heard the words, and then stepped directly into it.

"It's time for me to go too." Watching the two leave, the old figure disappeared from here.

"These two little guys can be so favored by the old man. It seems that they should have some incredible talents. After all, the old man has extremely ruthless eyes." Duan Fan looked at the three who disappeared, and slowed down. He murmured slowly, but on the white paper in his hand, in addition to the names of Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui, and even above them, there was a woman named Luo Menglan, who was full of three-star fighting spirits.

At this time inside Lingshan.

"Humph!"

"Ancestor Luo is really too much, he actually wants to promise that marriage!"

"If you want me to marry a guy I've never met before, just dream!" At this moment, a woman said righteously on the branches of the towering tree. There was a childishness in the woman, which was strange and quirky. General appearance, very cute.

"However, our Li Hunyu is really not fun at all. We know every day that we should let me practice, and we won't let me go out to play!"

"I heard that it is quite fun in the human world, and we are also drawn from the human world. It would be great if we could return to the human world." The woman sat on the branch with her feet on the branch. Swing back, looking expectant.

"Pfft!" In an instant, before the woman could react, a figure suddenly descended from the sky and fell directly from the woman.

"Did something fall in front of me just now..." The woman's eyes slowly flickered with a look of doubt.

When I was leisurely just now, a black shadow seemed to fall down from in front of me, and that black shadow seemed to resemble... a person?

"Will Old Ancestor Luo send someone to arrest me?"

"But this breath is not right... The breath of the guy below is extremely unfamiliar, and it seems that he has never seen it before..." After a while, the woman above the branch wondered.

"No, go down and have a look." As soon as the voice fell, the woman immediately left the branch.

"This guy has such a strange aura..."

"This kind of aura seems to have been vaguely seen in the residences of the ancestors of Luo and the old ghosts, the same aura, but this kind of aura is well protected by them, I remember it seems to be some kind of clan pattern. Force..." After a short while, the woman came to the ground, but she saw that the man in front of him was a little embarrassed, and even the middle of his eyebrows was wrapped in black lines. The lines were quite mysterious and obscure, making the woman There is a trace of familiarity. After all, this kind of fluctuation, when I was young, I was fortunate enough to see it in the residences of Luo ancestors and the old ghosts of the earth, but this kind of breath was regarded as life by them. Protect.

This woman is Luo Menglan from Luo Zamu's door in Lingyuan, and she is also Luo Zamu's great-granddaughter.

As for the unconscious man in front of him, it was Xiao Gui, not Xiao Yan!