Chapter Vol 4 1398: Anti-General 1 Army!

"Boom!" At this time, in the core area of ​​Dongzhou, above the vast territory of Leicheng, people were already panicking, and millions of people stared at the sky with dull eyes. Tan Chen, it seems that all his hopes are pinned on him.

Most of these millions of people are of mediocre strength, and they are only in the ranks of Dou Di, but to Dongzhou, it is extremely fresh blood, because Dongzhou Heaven and Earth is full of spiritual energy, and among the millions of people, it is inevitable that some geniuses will emerge. And these geniuses are undoubtedly the strong backing of Dongzhou.

"Crash!" Above the sky, the red and black aura suddenly spread out in the Thousand Thunder Slaughtering Array, directly obliterating the Heaven-shattering Thunder Pillar. go.

"What an evil wave..."

"If it is spread out by this fluctuation, I am afraid that the millions of people in Leicheng below will be assimilated into members of the foreign evil clan!" In the aura, there is too much evil power, even their four-star fighting immortal strength is extremely uneasy, not to mention the people below.

"Hey..." A powerless sigh slowly emerged from Tan Chen's mouth, apparently gathering the power of the eight strong men and the great defense formation, still unable to stop the progress of Huo Sin Envoy, at this moment, watching The scene in front of him that the situation has gone, made Tan Chen feel a sense of frustration in his heart.

"Dongzhou... It's really a charming place..."

"Let me, this old bone, do the last thing for you." After Tan Chen finished speaking, the dazzling fighting spirit and soul power all over his body suddenly soared, a majestic force that made the space feel uneasy, Permeating the entire formation, the corners of the mouth showed a gratifying arc.

The formation was originally due to the decline of Tan Chen's strength, and it was vaguely about to fall off the five-star fighting immortal, which made it extremely illusory. Now, it was touched by the actions of Huo Sin Envoy and Tan Chen, and it immediately shattered and opened.

"This is... to self-destruct?" Without the obstruction of the formation, the red and black aura on Huo Sin's body squirmed rapidly, and in an instant it roared away at the millions of people below, but it was strangely surrounded by Tan Chen. The fluctuations of , which seem to be not simple.

"Brother Tan, you can't!" Although the other seven minds gave Tan Chen their power to cause their own aura to be sluggish, but at this moment, facing Tan Chen's righteousness, they couldn't help but be moved.

Able to reach the strength of the four-star Dou Xian level, they are the real superpowers above Dongzhou, and being able to let these superpowers sacrifice their lives for righteousness is enough to show the hatred of foreign evil races!

In the ghost world, ghosts are born aborigines, and the basic form is mainly the soul flame, three souls and seven souls, but after the first world war, the population of the seven worlds was also scattered around, and the ghosts of the sky were scattered. It is not only an extremely large territory in the ghost world, but also extremely suitable for human survival. Therefore, in the ghost world, ghosts are extremely rare, while the proportion of humans is surprisingly high.

"I am tall!" Tan Chen's pupils were filled with resolute perseverance, and then his pupils became deep, and an extremely terrifying flame suddenly filled the air!

"Cremation Heavenly Soul!" A cold snort, suddenly with a dazzling wave of destruction, abruptly drifted out from Tan Chen's body, condensing his own dazzling flame fighting spirit and self-destruction of soul power, its power is no trivial!

"Boom!" A circle of red ripples, like a tide, spread out from the sky of Leicheng in an instant. At the same time, the red and black aura around the fire sinner was also swallowed by the red energy ripples. dissolving.

"This bastard!"

"I actually used the power of self-destruction to try to stop me..." Seeing this, the Huo Crime Envoy could only avoid the edge for a while. After all, at this time, Tan Chen's self-destruction of the power of five-star fighting immortals, even he did not dare to take it lightly, but There was also a burst of remorse in his eyes. Obviously, the red and black energy was motivated, but for him, it was a lot of consumption.

"Susu!"

"Five-star Fighting Immortal level...full of the soul power of the fairyland, such a waste, can't do it." Just when Tan Chen's body was just transformed and self-destruction began, a crack of thousands of meters above the sky above Leicheng appeared, and then the crack appeared. Among them, a very special power emerged, bursting towards Tan Chen directly under the gaze of everyone.

"Weng Om!" It was a milky white spot of light, which seemed to have no power and was extremely gentle, but after touching Tan Chen, Tan Chen's body suddenly shook, and even the violent fighting spirit in his body And the power of the soul, it became quiet in an instant!

"Damn it!" Tan Chen, who already had a sense of righteousness, suddenly became condensed, and a touch of unease emerged, because at this moment, the fighting qi and soul power in his body were temporarily sealed, and with the sealing, self-destruction was also Don't stop.

"Fortunately it came in time."

"If such a good soul power explodes, I am afraid that this trip to Dongzhou will lack some good things." Amidst the cracks of thousands of feet, a figure walked out on foot. The figure was dressed in black robes. Any breath is just a cloud of black fog, but this black fog just exists, but it carries a strong sense of oppression that is not lost to the fire sinner.

"Gollum."

"Another Five-Star Fighting Immortal..." After noticing this scene, the seven powerhouses below couldn't help swallowing a sip of saliva with difficulty.

"Soul Qianmo?"

"Why are you doing this!" Seeing that Hun Qianmo stopped Tan Chen's self-destruction, Huo Sin Envoy snorted coldly.

"Although we are a cooperative relationship in this plan, we promise to promise us the things of the Soul Palace, but we must not break our promises..."

"As for this guy, his soul power is useful to us, and we can't kill it." Black Mist Soul Qianmo said very plainly.

"Humph!"

"Your matter, resolved?" Huo Sin Envoy couldn't help frowning, holding back the anger in his heart, and then asked.

After all, the strength of the fire sinner is only in the early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, and this Soul Palace Five Soul Guard is the real middle-stage Five-Star Fighting Immortal!

"With a thud, the black mist didn't respond, and when he threw it away, Xiao Yan and Duo Tianhong's bodies immediately appeared in everyone's sight.

"Forged Knife Thunder Valley Master?"

"Master of the Holy Flame?" Looking at the two in front of him, Huo Sin Shi couldn't help but feel a little fiery in his heart.

The main body of the sword-forging Thunder Valley is sealed with the origin of the King of the Burning Soul Clan. As long as he is obtained, then resurrection is naturally not difficult, and Xiao Yan is the controller of the Holy Flame, which is a deadly threat to the evil tribes outside the territory. Their sins must be Only by arresting them and suppressing the holy flames through special means can the number of holy flames be reduced!

In the Great Thousand World, there are a total of thirty-six holy flames, and every time one is reduced, the odds of winning the extraterritorial evil race will increase a lot for the next world war.

"Everyone... is here..." Looking at Huo Sin Envoy and Hun Qianmo, Du Tianhong also opened his eyes slightly and laughed, and even in that body, there was a tyrannical force as if a giant dragon had awakened. Breath, slowly emerging.

. Mobile version update fastest URL: