Chapter 35: Real and fake crescent moon fruit!

Entering the depths of the mountains, I suddenly found a lake. There was a small island on the lake. On the island, there was a slender crystal clear plant, exuding a huge and pleasant smell.

"Where should it be?"

"Um."

Xiao Yan and Yueru found that the number of people was getting smaller and smaller on the way to this mountain range.

"This fog is poisonous!" Xiao Yan immediately understood why the number of people became less and less as he went deeper. It turned out to be the cause of the fog.

"No." Xiao Yan handed a medicinal pill to Yueru, and then the emperor's soul power was fully deployed, and he carefully probed into the lake.

Generally speaking, wherever there are wonders of heaven and earth, there will be guardians, so it is better to be careful in everything.

"Why didn't you find it?" Xiao Yan couldn't help muttering to himself, and then he gave Yueru a few heavy instructions and went straight to the small island in the lake.

His body burst into the clear lake like a fish, Xiao Yan glanced at the milky white flames outside his body, and couldn't help swallowing a mouthful of saliva. Under the temperature, the surrounding lake water has been rolling like boiling water, and while the milky white blisters are constantly bubbling, wisps of dark purple liquid that is difficult to detect with the naked eye slowly emerge, but when these dark purple liquids are about to be When it came into contact with the milky white flame, it was frozen by Xiao Yi into extremely small ice strands, and then slowly fell into the bottom of the lake.

Xiao Yan's scalp felt numb as he looked at the small purple ice strands that kept appearing all over his body. He didn't expect that this seemingly peaceful lake would secretly hide so much deadly venom.

"Hurry up, these venoms are extremely poisonous. Although the protection of a different fire can prevent them from entering the body, it is too much for my soul power!" Just as Yueru was amazed, Xiao Yan's A deep voice suddenly sounded in my heart.

"Huh.??" He nodded hurriedly, and then followed Xiao Yan's feet, his head floated to the surface, looked at the small island in the center of the lake, let out a sigh of relief, and then swept his arms rapidly, leaving a water mark on his body. , gradually approaching the lake.

Looking at the perfect figure in the water that was highlighted because the clothes were wet, Xiao Yan couldn't help swallowing because of his concentration. The two mountain peaks below the cherry mouth were about to stand, and there was only a trace of silk. Tightly sticking to the white and flawless skin, it sets off a different kind of taste...

He paddled smoothly all the way to the position that was close to the island in the center of the lake, and just when Xiao Yan was about to breathe a sigh of relief, the calm lake in front of him suddenly burst into the sky. Tight, raised his head and stared at the place where the spray burst, and after a moment, his pupils suddenly shrank.

The water splashes gradually fell. ??In an instant, a giant snake with green scales all over its body and a triangular-shaped head suddenly rushed out from the bottom of the lake, then opened its huge mouth and bit Xiao Yan fiercely. There was a wild ferocity in his pupils.

"Three thousand thunder phantom bodies!" When the ferocious giant snake's mouth was about to attack Xiao Yan, a lightning-fast movement technique flashed past, causing the giant snake to rush into the air.

"Illusory Golden Demon Python?" The Golden Dragon King's exclamation came from inside the ring.

"Master, what is that?" Xiao Yan also felt a strange power from the python's attack just now.

"Illusory Golden Monster Python, this is a powerful magical beast known for its soul power. Their most powerful power is neither the body nor the strength, but the power of the soul!"

"The Illusory Golden Monster Python has a profound knowledge of soul power. It has been able to use its soul power to create a perfect illusion, which makes it sleepy for a long time and does not want to wake up. That's what makes it terrifying."

"But fortunately, your soul strength is not weak, but it is protected by a strange fire, so it can't cause too much damage to you. The violent factor of the strange fire is naturally the biggest nemesis of these dark attribute snakes. You can look at other Companions, have fallen into this illusion now." The Golden Dragon King looked at the ferocious giant snake in front of him and said.

"I'll hold it back, hurry up and fetch the Crescent Moon Green Fruit." Xiao Yan also gritted his teeth and said to Yue Ru.

Although the Illusory Gold Demon Python in front of him was comparable to a four-star Dou Di, but with the blessing of his own strange fire, it was not difficult to fight, so he immediately said to Yueru.

"Bang, bang, bang!"

The figure violently swept towards the island. ?? There were a few violent waves bursting behind him, which was the momentum caused by the failure of the giant snake's attack.

Xiao Yan didn't pay too much attention to the strong aura behind him. With the help of this impact, he escaped several attacks from giant snakes, and finally he was only ten meters away from the island. Glancing back from the corner of his eyes, he found that the giant snake was chasing and killing it all the way with its huge mouth open.

With a slight sneer, Xiao Yan flicked his finger to accept the ring, and a wooden board fell into the water surface. A moment before it was about to be corroded by the venom in the lake, Xiao Yan's toes touched it, his body sank slightly, and then violently again Shot out, a moment later. Finally entered the scope of the island. body volleyed over, his feet squatted slightly. Both palms pressed lightly on the ground and landed steadily.

Stepping on the island with his soles, Xiao Yan glanced back and found that from the time it entered a ten-meter range around the island, the ferocious giant snake was a little scared and did not dare to move forward, swaying on its tail outside the island. The wanderer, spitting out a scarlet snake letter, glared at Xiao Yan fiercely, and kept wandering around the island.

Looking at the slowly calming lake and the giant snake still guarding the island, Xiao Yan breathed a sigh of relief, turned around, and looked at the small island, which is not very large. , which are planted with lush bamboo forests and some flowers and plants, which look vibrant and beautiful.

"Have you found it? Yueru." Xiao Yan finally broke free from the giant snake and hurriedly went to the island to ask.

"This..." Looking at the few round fruits on the crystal clear little tree in front of her, Yueru couldn't help falling into contemplation.

According to the information his father gave him, shouldn't Crescent Moon Cuiguo look like this? Could it be that this crescent moon has mutated due to the environment?

"Thank you two for leading the way." A gloomy laughter emerged from the void, and Yueru took away all the fruits on the small tree at the moment of her fascination!

Looking carefully, under the white curtain on his cheeks, a young face that was pale and bloodless emerged. His eyes were gray, and his body seemed to be wrapped in the aura of death, which made people shudder.

"Farewell, there will be an appointment later." After speaking, he disappeared on the island like a ghost.

When Xiao Yan first saw the mysterious man, he felt a strong strength, but the ancient ruler of the fire behind him was about to shoot, but was gently suppressed by Yueru's small hand.

"It wasn't the crescent moon jade that that person took."

​​