Chapter Vol 4 942: Resurrection failed?

"Next, it's time to refine the body..." Xiao Yan returned to the quiet training room, the gray shape-shaped soul-returning pill was tightly held in his hand, and the body of the Ming sect that was used to accommodate Xiao Xuan's soul, Xiao Yan murmured after the three bones of the god-giver and the blood and blood of the five-element beast.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Originally, Xiao Yan was going to use Dong Xuan's Dou Xian body, but after thinking about it, the strength of the ancestors in his lifetime was only the peak of Dou Xian. The strong still run in dissatisfaction?

Moreover, even if he was using this six-star Dou Di Ming Cult disciple's body now, if Xiao Yan didn't have such precious materials as the blood essence and limbs of the five-element beast and the emperor's bones, Xiao Yan would not dare to fight like this.

Resurrection requires a combination of body and soul power.

Xiao Xuan's strength during his lifetime reached the peak of Dou Sheng, and it would not be difficult to break through Dou Di after resurrection, but it would be extremely difficult to make a breakthrough in Dou Di.

As for Dong Xuan's body, then leave it to his uncle, the Golden Dragon King. After all, the Golden Dragon King's strength is at least at the level of Dou Xian, and the body of the one-star Dou Xian level even wronged him.

"Do it." Xiao Yan immediately started to do it.

With a flip of his palm, the body of the Ming Sect disciple was directly suspended in the air by Xiao Yan. As for the body of the Fighting Immortal powerhouse, it was clearly used by his uncle, the Golden Dragon King.

However, Xiao Yan is also helpless. Although the stronger the body is, the future achievements will definitely not be low, but Xiao Xuan's strength has reached the peak of the Nine Star Dou Sheng before his death, and he is also a step away from Dou Di.

However, relying on the elixir that nourishes the soul, plus the essence, blood, limbs and bone marrow of the Five Elements beasts, and the bones of the emperor, Xiao Yan has the confidence to let Xiao Xuan break through Dou Sheng and reach Dou Emperor.

However, I don't know if they can reach the level of a few-star Dou Di. The strength of this Ming Cult disciple is a 6-star Dou Di, and the highest level cannot exceed this category.

He summoned the corpse and immediately covered it with ice crystals. Obviously, Xiao Yan used some of Di Yan's flame properties in order to prevent the corpse from rotting, so as to keep the corpse intact.

The next moment, Xiao Yan was able to refine his body with ease. After all, he had the experience of refining his body in the Dou Qi Continent, so refining his body this time was extremely easy.

In his mind, he kept recalling the precautions for refining the body, and then his mind sank, and a trace of Emperor Flame appeared directly in his hand, and then wrapped around the corpse.

"Weng Om!" The colorful Di Yan had just touched the corpse wrapped in ice crystals, and the ice silk instantly melted away and then slowly disappeared.

"Although this guy is already dead, in order to prevent this from happening, we should first temper this guy's soul power." Xiao Yan said.

After all, if this guy has a little bit of soul power left, it will affect the resurrected ancestors. Anyway, this guy's soul power is too strong for Xiao Xuan.

"Boom!" Just do what you say, the huge soul power controls Di Yan and directly invades the inside of the corpse, not only the soul power, but even the entire corpse. Cleaned up again.

"It seems that worrying is unnecessary." After some inspections, it was found that there was nothing serious, and Xiao Yan was relieved.

"Next, we have to add the bones of the emperor." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth moved.

Although the strength of this corpse had reached the six-star Dou Emperor before his death, for Xiao Xuan's future achievements, Xiao Yan naturally tried to increase the tyrannical degree of his body. Out of sight.

"The skeleton of the emperor has just appeared, and suddenly there is a sense of vicissitudes in this space. This skeleton of the emperor was obtained by Xiao Yan from the ruins on the Yue Family side just after he came to the Xuanling Continent. "

"Boom boom boom!" The emperor's bones were extremely strong, even Xiao Yan, an extremely powerful emperor, burned for half an hour.

The emperor's bones, to put it bluntly, are some corpse bones with powerful strength. Such tempering is naturally ready to integrate into the body and increase the tyranny of the body.

"Give me in!" Seeing that the tempering was almost there, Xiao Yan immediately shouted!

Not long after, the three skeletons with milky white body were directly drank by Xiao Yan and submerged into the body.

And the body became extremely strong after adding three bones.

"There are also the limbs of the five-element beast." Xiao Yan glanced at it and found that the limbs of the five-element beast were also rare treasures.

At this point, the tyranny of this body is no less than that of some eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouses.

"But what should I do next..." Seeing that the corpse was tempered and holding the shape-returning soul pill in his hand, Xiao Yan fell into a deep voice.

"Shabu Shabu!" After touching for a few minutes, a faint light slowly appeared between Xiao Yan's eyebrows.

This ray of light was the last trace of the soul power of his ancestor Xiao Xuan.

The so-called last trace of soul power is actually the imprint of life.

This kind of thing can only be seen by a strong person who has stepped into the emperor realm with soul power, otherwise even a strong person who has set foot on the peak of the Dou Emperor will not be able to detect it.

Generally speaking, resurrection requires soul power, while blood essence and soul-shaping pills require soul power to swallow. After all, if you want to re-occupy a new body, you must pass the tempering of that body to truly master it.

However, the current appearance of his ancestor Xiao Xuan made Xiao Yan a little embarrassed.

Because from a certain point of view, Xiao Xuan, the most powerful man who used to dominate the Dou Qi Continent, has already fallen. If it wasn't for the Heavenly Tomb, he would have been wiped out.

And in the end, after Xiao Xuan burned his soul power left in the heavenly tomb and let Xiao Yan step into the soul of the emperor, Xiao Yan was lucky enough to receive such a trace of life, just for today's resurrection.

"According to the time when the body was refined for Venerable Skyfire before."

"Although the refining of the body and the medicinal pill was successful, the imprint of life must be swallowed by the medicinal pill, so as to smoothly enter the new body. Only then can it be truly resurrected."

"However, the ancestors look like this, only the last trace of life without any spirituality is left, and some only retain a trace of his life. How to swallow the medicinal pill..." Xiao Yan held the shape with one hand. The soul-returning pill, with one hand holding Xiao Xuan's life imprint.

"It doesn't matter, try it first and then talk about it." Looking at the dazzling corpse in the air, Xiao Yan also knew that if he missed the time, he would probably fail.

After a while, Xiao Yan directly shook the blood of the Five Elements Beast tightly, and then the shape-returning pill was directly submerged into Xiao Xuan's life imprint. Once there was a change, he immediately poured the blood into his body!

"Crash!" Just as the shape-returning pill poured into Xiao Xuan's life imprint, a shock suddenly radiated from it.

Feeling this sudden scene, Xiao Yan was surprised, but he didn't have time to think about it.

"I hope not to fail." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he directly threw the imprint of life and the shape-returning pill onto the corpse, as if he wanted to revive the ancestor Xiao Xuan with this!

"Boom boom boom!" The restlessness only lasted for about a minute. Suddenly, Xiao Xuan's life imprint directly spit out the shape-returning soul pill, and the light of the life imprint returned to calm. As for the shape-returning soul pill, it lay quietly. There was no damage on the corpse.

"Did you fail..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but twitch at the corner of his mouth when he saw this scene.

It seems that wanting to revive the ancestor Xiao Xuan with this imprint of life is not as simple as Xiao Yan thought!