Chapter Vol 2 823: The robbery of the 9th grade!

"This guy, what a terrifying battle." Leng Fuyao stared at the growing robbery cloud above the Yiquan of Life and Death, and spoke slowly.

The robbery cloud is different from the thunder robbery produced by refining medicinal pills.

The calamity cloud of transcending tribulation is triggered by the strength of the transcending calamity, and it directly attacks the transcending robbery, while the thunder tribulation is only produced by medicinal pills.

If the transcendence fails, the transcendence will fall, and the failure to fight against the thunder tribulation is at best only the destruction of the medicinal pill, so the two are different.

"What a terrifying Jieyun."

"Just the terrifying level of this robbery cloud is probably no less than the strength of a seventh-rank student." Leng Fuyao raised his head with some difficulty. Although he knew Xiao Yan was not simple, he was shocked when he saw it like this.

"Seventh grade?"

"It's too underestimated." Yue Ru had a calm expression on her face. Although her own strength was higher than the five-star Dou Emperor, but in the ruins, with the help of the perception of the inheritance rune, Yue Ru knew that this robbery cloud was definitely not possible. It will only be a seventh-grade robbery cloud.

"It's really a terrifying robbery cloud." At this time, Xiao Yan was at the bottom of the spring of Life and Death Eryi Spring, but separated by such a distance, he could still feel the horror of the robbery cloud.

"But the seventh-grade robbery cloud, this is not enough." Xiao Yan finished speaking, he was sinking, and then he didn't hide it. The burning determination in the body suddenly revolved, absorbing the spring water in all directions. At that time, the energy of life was directly absorbed by Xiao Yan absorbed it into his body without a trace, and then after Xiao Yan's special transformation, he flew into the sky and went directly to the robbery cloud in the sky.

"This guy is really brave."

"He's artificially creating a cloud of calamity." Xiu Qi suddenly couldn't hide her surprise and said.

"A man-made cloud of calamity?" Leng Fuyao was immediately puzzled when he heard the words.

"Originally, this Jieyun only has the level of the seventh rank, but Xiao Yan probably won't be so reconciled, so he absorbed all the life force in the two Yiquan of life and death, and directly added it to the Jieyun."

"That Jieyun felt such a strong energy of life, and he would definitely mistake the strength of this robbery transcendence for tyrannical strength, so Jieyun will increase." Xiu Qi said.

"Will there be any danger in this?" Mu Yingying and Yueru became anxious when they heard this.

"There is definitely danger."

"But danger and opportunity coexist, Xiao Yan, this guy." After Xiu Qi finished speaking, the corner of her mouth suddenly burst into a smile.

As the proud son of Wanhua Pavilion, Xiuqi naturally disliked many people, although Xiao Yan and the people from Burning Incense Pavilion did not make Xiuqi feel this way.

However, Xiu Qi knew that Xiao Yan used a move to completely wipe out the slightest error she had towards him, and I am afraid that Xiu Qi now looks at Xiao Yan like a monster.

"The robbery of the eighth-rank level is over." Qin Xin said after a while.

"It hasn't stopped yet, the energy of this robbery cloud is still increasing!" At the next moment, Qinxin spoke up!

"Eighth-rank, that's not enough."

"Come again for me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately flashed a madness in his pupils, and then, regardless of the 3721, he directly poured all the life force released from the two springs into his body. Facing the robbery clouds above the sky, they gathered together.

"This guy is really an out-and-out lunatic." Xiu Qi couldn't help saying looking at the robbery cloud that contained violent fluctuations in the sky.

With these fluctuations, he has far surpassed the power of life of the eighth-rank level. I am afraid that if this continues, the power of life of the ninth-rank level will be born!

Although the power of the ninth-grade life is extremely terrifying, and there are many benefits to fighting against others, this ninth-grade robbery cloud is not easy to deal with.

"Let's see in a while, if it really doesn't work, let's do it together." Yueru thought for a while, then spoke up.

"Yep."

"Right on my mind."

"Xiao Yan, this guy really does not play his cards according to common sense, Jiu-pin Jieyun." Several people agreed.

"It's almost there." Xiao Yan stared at the robbery cloud in the sky, and found that the robbery cloud could no longer increase, and the energy of life in the two Yiquan of life and death was temporarily absorbed by himself, and he said immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan knew that the terrifying level of this robbery had already reached the level of the ninth-grade robbery. If he could successfully pass through it, the power of ninth-grade students would undoubtedly be born!

"Plop!" With a sound, Xiao Yan poured out directly from the Spring of Life and Death, and then without turning his head, jumped directly into the cloud of ninth-grade tribulation.

"Zizi!" In the terrifying robbery cloud, robbery thunder was constantly being born, Xiao Yan just entered, and the robbery cloud suddenly hit Xiao Yan, making Xiao Yan a pain in the flesh.

"It hurts so much?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something.

This ninth-grade Jieyun is really not a joke, his physical fitness is very good, but when he is in front of Jieyun, he has a feeling of being powerless.

"Xiao Yan has entered the robbery cloud." Leng Fuyao couldn't help but look up at the figure covered in flames. A fiery wave of fire hit, and at the same time, there was an extremely fierce robbery of the cloud. force.

"This guy, plundered directly into the robbery cloud?" Qin Xin's face couldn't help but look slightly awkward.

Several people here know that this Jieyun is something that mortals are afraid of, but Xiao Yan actually swept in directly?

"Hehe, my good fellow, I hope you don't let me down." Xiao Yan had just swept into the robbery cloud, and immediately took out the dust-covered Jin Yaokui!

"Thanks to the power of life and death just now, I will use the power of life to trigger the robbery cloud. As for this robbery cloud, it is up to you." Xiao Yan finished speaking, why did he not hesitate to directly put those who had just been in the two Yiquan of life and death. The absorbed black death force all poured into the body of Jin Yaopup!

And with the influx of Xiao Yan's enormous energy of death, the golden demon puppet's pupils suddenly became very strange, and the next moment, it was directly flashing strange black!

That black color, like getting up, grabs people's attention!

"Gulugulu!" But the next moment Jin Yaopup's body suddenly trembled.

"What's going on?" Xiao Yan had just put the power of death into the golden demon puppet, when the golden demon puppet suddenly appeared like this, and was immediately shocked.

"No, you can't be violent!" At the next moment, Xiao Yan seemed to realize that the Golden Demon Puppet couldn't withstand such a terrifying force of death, and immediately the dazzling holy flame and some high-level swings were thrown directly at the Golden Demon Puppet.

"Boom boom boom!" With Xiao Yan so generous, the Golden Demon Puppet finally calmed down, and then the veins on his body jumped violently, and an aura of fearlessness filled the air.

"Finally, it's all right." Xiao Yan exhaled and spoke directly.

"Next, it's time to absorb this robbery cloud. Let me see how far you can reach after absorbing the ninth-grade robbery cloud and the power of death." Go to the place where the robbery cloud is the most dense among the clouds.

In response, Jin Yaopup didn't feel anything, his face was still, like bronze, and he swept away directly.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying, who was still worried under the sky, couldn't help but shake her head.

"It seems that our worries are unnecessary, this guy is really..." After speaking, he stared at the two figures in the robbery cloud and smiled slowly.

The eighth shift arrives.

Today is the fifth watch, making up for yesterday's third watch.

In fact, many times the author will not break his promise, but there are some urgent matters, such as being ill, friends, brothers and sisters have something to do, so during the outbreak, the update will rarely be delayed, I hope everyone understands.