Chapter Vol 4 2259: Big 0 House, Big 0 League

The next day, the sun shone on the vast area of ​​the Endless Fire Territory. Xiao Yan and everyone were already ready. After all, today was the day they left for the Daqiangong to attend the plane meeting, so there was no room for sloppiness.

"For this plane meeting, Xun'er will go with me."

"You are guarding this place. I'm worried that some outlaws will take advantage of it, and it's too unusual for the aliens to disappear recently. I always feel that they seem to be deliberately shrinking their power, I'm afraid they're planning something, so don't let your guard down. "

"Just in time for this trip, you can try it out, can you help Xun'er break through the cycle of reincarnation?"

"Also, I'll ask Xiao Yi for the information about the center of the demon world, and the Phoenix family will ask the Soul Patriarch..."

Xiao Yan turned his head and said to the people in the back. The instructions and tasks were assigned together. The division of labor was clear, and everything was going on in an orderly manner.

Feng Wan'er, Xiao Gui, Hun Tianhao and the others are now considered to be the confidants of the Endless Fire Territory. They have been arranged by Xiao Yan to search for those big forces related to him. Once there is any trouble, they will immediately hands-on.

However, as for the Dragon Clan and the Underworld, Xiao Yan, in order to secure the victory, would not touch them until he had a certain strength. After all, these are matters related to the entire Great Thousand World, and there is no room to be careless.

The current peak of reincarnation has not yet stepped into the first layer of reincarnation, and the strength is indeed a bit underwhelming for the top combat power.

"I'll wait to congratulate the domain master on his triumphant return."

When everyone heard the words, they naturally understood what Xiao Yan meant, and immediately laughed and watched the two leave.

"go."

Xiao Yan and Xun'er nodded to the people behind them, then held hands, easily stepped into the space-time wormhole, and set off for the plane meeting.

"Boom!"

At the top of an ethereal branch, a huge and magnificent palace building appeared. The palace was surrounded by a halo of ethereal and sacred aura, which decorated the atmosphere here with extra seriousness.

The residence of the Great Thousand League!

Daqian Palace!

The location of the Daqian Palace is extremely important. It stands in the center of the seven realms of the Daqian World, in a space called Tianyu.

The energy of heaven and earth here is very strong, and the space is full of ocean worlds. There is a towering tree in the center of the ocean, which has absorbed countless energy, and is permanently green to guard this place. The famous Daqian Palace in the Daqian world is stand on it.

"Is this the so-called Daqiangong... It's really a good-looking handwriting."

In ten days, Xiao Yan and Xun'er also crossed the time-space wormhole and came to the sky.

Looking around, the two walked in the air, staring at the deep ocean world below. The clear and transparent sea water seemed to be filled with an invisible threat. This kind of power actually moved their souls slightly.

"You two, do you have an invitation letter from the Great Thousand League?"

After taking a rest, in the ocean world below, an elderly man in brocade clothes appeared out of nowhere and looked at Xiao Yan and the two with a smile.

"I was invited to attend the plane meeting."

Seeing this, Xiao Yan, the God of Fingers, twisted the ring of flame, and handed the scroll issued by the Great Thousand League to the old man.

"Identity confirmation, Xiao Yan, the owner of the Endless Fire Territory, and his mistress Gu Xun'er."

"Two adults, please come with me."

"Daqiangong is located in the center of this ocean, and there is still some distance on the road."

The old man accepted the scroll issued by the Daqianmeng, and then slapped it with his hand. Two cyan leaves appeared on the feet of the two of them. The three of them stepped on the surface of the ocean and walked towards the Daqiangong.

"The power and creatures contained in this ocean seem to be extraordinary."

Just after moving, Xiao Yan's majestic soul force released a vigilant aura, as if to warn Xiao Yan that there might be some huge creature entrenched under the ocean.

"Below is the guardian beast of Daqiangong. When Daqiangong encounters danger, it will take action."

"Its strength has already passed through the fifth calamity, and it is a real giant beast of the sky."

The old man had a smug smile on his face, but this kind of guardian, unless Daqiangong suffered a devastating attack, would hardly show up on weekdays.

"Whoa!"

Between the speeches, on the entire sea surface, bursts of crystal water waves emerged, and the sparkling water dots floated around the world, making people feel physically and mentally happy.

An hour later, an ancient tree with countless ancient runes engraved on its entire body appeared in front of the three of them, causing the two of them to have a small breath.

"This is the Daqianshu. Every time the catastrophe of the Daqian world comes, it will issue a special warning to remind us to take precautions. It is because of its credit that our losses have been reduced a lot."

The old man pointed his finger at this ancient tree that had gone through endless years, and the meaning of worship emerged.

"Daqianshu..."

Xiao Yan murmured, his voice was also full of shock, he was amazed at the ingenious workmanship of nature, and this big thousand tree may have spiritual intelligence, but it is currently in a state of deep sleep.

Above the huge trunk and leaves of the Daqianshu, patches of green aura emerged, lushly green, with a huge aura of life and a looming terrifying aura lingering in it.

"what is this?"

Xun'er's beautiful eyes twitched, as if she sensed an extremely bright energy from Daqianshu's body.

"This should be a formation."

Xiao Yan frowned, a formation of this level might be even more tyrannical than the ancient wasteland formation he had come into contact with?

"This is the Demon Execution Formation, which was set up by a certain Demon Execution King himself. It is said that this formation was constructed from half a million inscriptions of the formation. Its power is naturally something that can be learned from the world."

"And the top palace of Daqianshu is the address of our Daqianmeng."

"A series of tasks and information are circulated from us The old man nodded slowly, and explained some news about this Tianyu Ocean World and Daqiangong to Xiao Yan and the two without reservation.

"Senior Lao has it."

Xiao Yan nodded, but he was a little surprised in his heart. Obviously, these things are not obvious to the public, and many of them are the background of the Great Thousand Palace. This guy would explain it to himself without reservation?

It seems that the plane meeting is not so simple.

"Let's go, the plane meeting will not start until the powerhouses of your forces are almost here."

"Before this, a certain adult was waiting for you on purpose."

After the old man finished speaking, he stepped out of his body one step at a time, and immediately passed through the Demon Execution Formation.

"Let's go."

"Brother Xiao Yan."

Xun'er gracefully stretched out her hands, holding Xiao Yan, and then stepped out at the same time.

Tianyu, Ocean World, Daqianshu, Demon Execution Formation, Daqiangong under the protection of layers, can be described as heavily guarded, this level of power, even the red king order of foreign evil clan can not shake, this is Daqiangong's The background lies, after all, this is a huge organization that gathers countless powerhouses. Compared with those top forces, the nature is completely different.

The former is concerned with the common people in the world, while the latter is just for his own selfish desires.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: