Chapter 644: Xunmei Linghu

"Strange, why does it feel wrong the further you go inside?" Xiao Yan and his party headed towards the depths of Luoling Mountain after solving the problem that the Rainbow Team obtained another key board.

But let a few people move forward, they found that the area of ​​Luoling Mountain is too vast.

As for the Rainbow Team, if they lost the wooden card, they would lose the qualification to enter the residence of the Five Elements Beasts. If Tan could beat the other eight teams to obtain the wooden card, they would have some qualifications. That's how the team match came to an end.

However, the members of the Rainbow Team are obviously not dead. Although the wooden sign was robbed, they did not quit Luoling Mountain for a long time. They knew that once they quit, there would be no chance.

"The further you go in, the more invisible the suppression will become. According to this situation, I am afraid that when you reach the five-element beast, you must not only resist the suppression, but also fight against the five-element beast. This is..." Xiao Yan kept thinking. write.

"As far as I know, this Luoling Mountain seems to be divided into three parts."

"Look, doesn't it look like three hills from here?" After Lingxuan finished speaking, she pointed her finger at Weiwei in front of several people.

"This Luoling Mountain should be a flat land. As for the mountain ranges above these three flat land, there seems to be some subtle fluctuations in them." Xiao Yan swept away and immediately discovered the abnormality of these three mountain ranges.

"Yes, among these three mountain ranges, are the three kings of the Luoling Mountain."

"The Celestial Eye Giant Beast ranks third. Almost all of its body is made up of countless compound eyes. It is said that the team that encountered this Celestial Eye Giant Beast fell into a coma. Obviously, this Celestial Eye Giant Beast is extremely difficult to deal with."

"Five-element beasts are ranked second. These five-element beasts are extremely difficult to deal with, and this time our mission is these five-element beasts, so I think there are other crises in the mountains where these five-element beasts are located."

"As for the dead beast ranked first, I don't even know who it is." Ling Xuan slowly remembered and said.

"According to what Feng Ling just said, it seems that you need a key to enter the mountain range where these five-element beasts live." Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words. Obviously, the current members of Lingxuan's news team were no different from the rain.

"Yes, to enter the mountain range where the Five Elements Beasts live, you must collect all three wooden tokens. Now we have two wooden tokens in our hands. As long as we find a wooden token, we can enter." Ling Xuan said slowly.

"You guys rest here for a while, and I'll take a look around." Xiao Yan looked at Ling Xuan's body, which had become a floating aura because she had just started, and immediately spoke.

"I'll go with you." Seeing Xiao Yan just opened her mouth, Mu Yingying followed directly.

"You don't go. Now your strength has reached the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di. When I'm not around, you will be in charge of the team." Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, and hurriedly said.

"Yes." Mu Yingying heard the words, and seemed not to refute Xiao Yan's words, she agreed softly, and then sat down slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You guys just take a rest here, I'll go out to explore the way." Xiao Yan said lightly.

"Be careful." Mu Feng said with concern immediately.

"Yes." Xiao Yan settled down a few people, then moved his figure and quickly left the team.

"Can't you see that your relationship with Xiao Yan is pretty good?" As soon as Xiao Yan walked away, Ling Xuan immediately spoke to Mu Yingying who was beside her.

I don't know if it was out of jealousy or other reasons, but Lingxuan was actually very unhappy with this Mu Yingying, and immediately sarcastically said.

"Are you going to fight?" Mu Yingying heard the words, playing with a piece of dead wood in her hand, and cast a glance at Lingxuan.

"Humph!"

"Don't think I'm afraid of you."

"And I'm the daughter of the palace master. If you dare to touch me, go back to me..." Ling Xuan said in a sullen voice.

However, before Lingxuan's words were finished, Mu Yingying's figure moved and came to Lingxuan's side in an instant. On the blade of her hand, a blue flame slowly surrounded her and directly pressed against Lingxuan's neck.

"Gulu." Lingxuan was startled and sweating profusely, because the blue flame on Mu Yingying's body actually caused her great fear!

"It doesn't matter who you think, but if you sabotage our mission this time, I won't show mercy to you." Mu Yingying said softly, then withdrew her attack and slowly returned to her position.

"Stop, stop, the two aunts, stop making trouble, if Xiao Yan comes back and sees this, he will have to kill me..." Mu Feng, who was on the side, felt bitter, how could he get into such a relationship with these two people? aunt.

"Shut up!" Ling Xuan and Mu Yingying spoke at the same time, and then the four of them became quiet.

"Xinyan, what do you think you found?" The next moment, Xiao Yan had just left Mu Yingying's four-person team not far away, and suddenly said to Xinyan in his body.

"The space here is very special. I think this place should be very suitable for you to cultivate the power of Fire Heart Heavenly Rock." Xinyan smiled slowly.

"..." When Xiao Yan heard this, his head was full of black lines.

"Could it be that you just discovered this?" Xiao Yan immediately questioned.

"Okay, okay, I'll talk to you about the business." Xintian's slow voice became heavy.

"Do you know the origin of Luoling Mountain?" Xinyan said suddenly.

"The origin of this Luoling Mountain is not the place where some Xuantian powerhouses fell. The power remaining after the fall of these powerhouses formed dead beasts like monsters, which created the current Luoling Mountain." Xiao Yan naturally did not know Why did Xinyan ask this question, she immediately said.

"What the woman said is not false, but she knows too little."

"This Luoling Mountain is the place where the powerhouses who fought against the ghost world fell, so this Luoling Mountain is full of dangers."

"And I seem to have smelled the movement of the people in the ghost world just now in this Luoling Mountain." Xinyan said solemnly people in the ghost world? "

"What are they doing here?" Xiao Yan pondered slightly upon hearing this.

"I don't know, but I can tell you for sure that this person from the ghost world is at least much stronger than you."

"And I heard that you killed the twin ghost emperors before, I don't know how you did it, but once the ghost emperor dies, the ghost emperor's heart is known as an indestructible thing, so I think that people from the ghost world will come this time. The purpose here is probably related to you." Xinyan said slightly.

"Ghost emperor's heart?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning. The twin ghost emperors in the team had indeed fallen, but Xiao Yan couldn't remember the ghost emperor's heart. A few of them took it.

"So be careful, this Luoling Mountain is joined by the ghost realm, so I'm afraid it won't be peaceful." Before Xinyan's words were finished, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that a white smoke slowly filled his body.

The white smoke just appeared, and it immediately completely blocked Xiao Yan's sight, and Xiao Yan actually found that he was in the white smoke, and even his fighting spirit was slightly frozen.

"There is an enemy." Xiao Yan's heart moved, and he immediately held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand tightly, and circles of flames surrounded him, staring vigilantly around him.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan was a fox with fine fur.

"Xunmei Linghu?" The heart rock in Xiao Yan's body suddenly said.

Ask for tickets!

Double monthly pass for monthly pass