Chapter Vol 4 1331: Body fighting skills, thunder explosion!

"Let's go." Seeing that the treasure pavilion in front of him was extremely strictly protected by countless silver thunderbolts, the four of them looked at each other immediately, and a trace of fiery flashed in the depths of their pupils.

Especially Du Qifei, she knew what was going on in the Treasure Pavilion, and she wanted to find out her secrets.

"Open!" Duan Tianhong sneered, and suddenly the thunderous rays of light that wrapped the silver treasure pavilion, the bottom of which faintly revealed a door of light enough to accommodate everyone.

"Crash!" Upon seeing this, the four of them stepped into it without any hesitation.

"I hope these little guys will have a chance... I should also enter it and wait for Xiao Yan to exorcise me." Du Tianhong's voice just fell, and his figure immediately merged into the Treasure Pavilion.

Maybe Duan Tianyan didn't even think that this seemingly ordinary award would actually cure the dark disease in the main body of Gu, thus completely breaking their plan!

"What a mysterious space." Xiao Yan had just poured into the Treasure Pavilion, and was immediately separated from the others. The intricate lines here were a headache.

"Let's take a look around first... This is only the bottom layer, and the things in bloom should not be too precious." Xiao Yan thought to himself.

As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately walked towards one of the many passages.

"Thunder sound, sound wave fighting skill, can use the power of thunder to condense into a tyrannical sound wave to attack the enemy, and even in the face of those weaker than himself, he can even kill with one hit."

"Equal rank, Immortal rank intermediate." Just after walking a few steps, he suddenly saw a light curtain. Out of curiosity, Xiao Yan couldn't help but approached a little, and some small words appeared on the light curtain.

The entire Treasure Pavilion stands in the shape of a square loft, and in the large and small passages, there are a lot of light hidden in the sunken places. In the light, it is the place where the treasure is stored, but This light seems to be ordinary, but the protective power contained in it, even Xiao Yan's current power, may not be able to be cracked in a short time.

"This sonic fighting skill is really good, but unfortunately the rank is too low." Xiao Yan first smiled slowly, then shook his head.

After all, this is the upper plane, and many low-level fighting skills are not suitable. After all, the tyranny of fighting skills is closely related to the outcome of the battle, so it should not be sloppy.

"Little guy, after you get what you need, you will find me. I will be waiting for you at the upper level of the Treasure Pavilion." The next moment, a rather tyrannical soul force slowly poured into Xiao Yan's mind.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan knew this voice without guessing. This voice was from Du Tianhong, but what Xiao Yan didn't expect was that Du Tianhong's soul power actually reached the fairyland.

"If that's the case, let's go to the upper floors. I think good things should be on the top." Xiao Yan raised his head and looked at the airtight Treasure Pavilion and said with a slight smile.

In this Treasure Pavilion, it is airtight, and every floor has an extremely tyrannical force to isolate it. Even Xiao Yan tried to use his soul power to probe without success, and he was heavily guarded.

"Lei Dan, an immortal rank fourth-grade Xuan rank pill, after taking it can increase the sensitivity of thunder attribute powerhouses to thunder attribute vindictiveness, thus providing great help when practicing or transcending tribulation." Knowing how many layers there are in this Treasure Pavilion, Xiao Yan just shook his head helplessly. Obviously, he saw many tyrannical martial arts fighting skills and even medicine pills along the way. Unfortunately the level is too low.

"The aura of Pastoral Song and Zhou Mi is just ahead." The next moment, the voice of the Soul Eater slowly sounded.

"These two guys..." As soon as they came to this floor, they suddenly saw the figures of Mu Ge and Zhou Mi slowly quieting down in the second rays of light. Obviously, they had found their own treasure.

"Xiao Yan, haven't you found it yet?" At the end of this floor, Du Qifei stood at the end with a serious face, facing Xiao Yan in the distance.

"Not yet." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, but he sensed that the bright light behind Duo Qifei seemed to lead somewhere.

"If that's the case, then come with me." Du Qifei seemed to have made up his mind, his silver teeth clenched slightly, and then he disappeared directly into the light behind him.

"Go!" Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed and followed, but the speed was still very slow. Now Xiao Yan already has a lot of attack and defense methods, the only thing missing is the movement and fighting skills, and the movement and fighting skills are quite good. It is rare, so Xiao Yan has not found a fighting skill that suits him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Pfft!" With a sound, the two suddenly appeared in another space as if they had penetrated through a water world.

"Forging Valley Master?" He had just passed through the light to come here, and before he had time to look at this space, Xiao Yan suddenly only saw the figure of Wei Ran in front of him and lost his voice.

This place is located at the top of the Treasure Pavilion. It is an extremely wide hall. In the hall, a dazzling array of bookshelves are constantly appearing, which is very similar to a study!

"You little guy, your eyes are very high."

"There are so many fighting techniques in the Treasure Pavilion, and none of them are suitable for you." Seeing Xiao Yan's empty hands, Duan Tianhong smiled helplessly.

"Forging Valley Master, you can't blame me for this. There are indeed many treasures in this Treasure Pavilion, but too few of them fit me." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Since I owe you a favor, if you need something, just say it." Du Tianhong said What I need most right now is a roll of body fighting skills. "Xiao Yan said directly.

"Movement and fighting skills..." After hearing the words, the Valley Forge Master fell into a brief contemplation, and then his palm moved slightly, and the red scroll on the top of the bookshelf immediately appeared in his hand.

The red scroll just appeared, and the piercing sound of thunder continued to sound from around it. Obviously, this scroll is definitely not low-level.

"This is the top martial arts fighting skill of our forged sword Thunder Valley."

"Although you are of the fire attribute, with the blessing of Holy Flame, your power should not be much less." After Duan Tianhong finished speaking, he projected the scroll towards Xiao Yan extremely reluctantly.

"Thunder explosion technique is mainly based on the terrifying speed that bursts out by compressing one's own thunder attribute fighting qi."

"The speed is related to the strength of one's own energy. The stronger one's grudge, the more terrifying the speed at which it can be compressed."

"Equal rank, high rank of holy rank." The short words made Xiao Yan jump for joy. With Xiao Yan's intelligence, as long as he learned this fighting skill, he was able to compress his fire attribute fighting qi and condense it into a terrifying form. speed.

"That's what fighting skills are needed." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also checked carefully and found that the training methods of fighting skills were completely recorded inside this scroll, so he slowly put it away.

"Since your remuneration has been settled, it's time to do something." Duo Tianhong looked at Xiao Yan cunningly, and Xiao Yan was also fearless. He also wanted to see if his holy flame could be completely eliminated. Obliterate the alien race.

. The fastest website for mobile version updates: m.