Chapter Vol 4 979: The Lord of the Hall of People appeared, half-immortal!

"Do not……"

"No."

"It's not a domain, this is a bit like the Holy Flame Space?" Tianxing looked around, and now he was trapped in an unknown space, and the figure in the downtown disappeared. With Tianxing's cognition, he naturally knew about the Holy Flame Space. The presence.

This space is extremely vast, and there are only five people including himself and Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, big brother's holy flame space is really a magical thing." Seeing this, Xiao Yi naturally laughed.

Just now, when everyone was still in the downtown area, Xiao Yan directly used the Holy Flame space. At this time, everyone was already in another space.

"Is there a four-day congregation of the Xuanling royal family?" Xiao Yan looked at Tianxing in front of him, and said with a slow smile, his voice was full of chills.

"Don't be mad!" When Tianxing saw this, he knew that he was now in a disadvantageous position, so he said coldly. i>i>

"Since you hurt her, use your life to pay for it."

"The fire is coming!" Xiao Yan said softly, and immediately within his body, a stream of khaki holy flame suddenly poured out.

The khaki-yellow holy flame just poured out, and the holy flame space was immediately filled with a sacred aura, which made Tianxing extremely uncomfortable, and even the aura dropped slightly.

"Damn it, it really is holy flame." And Tianxing also realized that in this holy flame space, the suppression of himself was too great, and he had the intention of retreating.

"Blood curse, start!" Tian Xing also knew that Sheng Yan was some evil nemesis, so he did not hesitate, a blood curse exploded directly in his body, trying to use his skyrocketing strength to directly break through the sacred flame space, but Tian Xing was underestimated. The power of holy flame.

"Is it a fourth-level blood curse again..."

"It's not too late." Xiao Yan spoke slowly, his voice was full of wildness, and an aura like a king slowly appeared in the holy flame space. i>i>

"Holy Flame Crystal!"

"Huoxin Tianyan, Sheng Yan suppresses evil!"

"Destroy!" Xiao Yan was at a height below zero, holding the Holy Flame Crystal in the palm of his hand, and the source of holy flame emerged directly, and then roared away at the stars!

"Crash!" The power of holy flame was like a moth, directly attached to Tianxing, preventing the Death Blood Curse from being completely exploded.

"Ah ah ah!"

"This **** flame, get out!" Tianxing just activated the blood curse, Xiao Yan used the power of holy flame to suppress it, so at this time Tianxing was burning with khaki flames, looking extremely embarrassed.

"This guy, he deserves it."

"If you don't use the blood curse, it may not be so easy for the big brother to deal with him, but since the blood curse of the alien clan is used, then Sheng Yan is a heavenly restraint to the power of the alien clan, so Tianxing uses the blood curse, no It's different from dying." Xiao Yi said with a smile. i>i>

"I don't know why, but I always feel that there are a few huge breaths, so is it my illusion?" But Mu Yingying looked at some hidden places in the Holy Flame Space and murmured to open the door.

As for Lingxuan, she was staring at Xiao Yan, trying to learn something.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Xiao Yan, let me go, otherwise the Xuanling Royal Family will not give up." At this time, being entangled by Xiao Yan's Fire Heart Tianyan, Tianxing also had the intention to retreat, because he knew that once the blood curse was activated, it could not be withdrawn. , and being so contrasted by the holy flame, I am afraid that it will not be long before it will be completely turned into a mummified corpse.

"late!"

"go to hell!"

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" Xiao Yan said immediately after seeing the holy flames filled with holy flames everywhere in the holy flame space.

As soon as the voice fell, in the entire holy flame space, countless holy flames flew directly towards a certain point in the air and gathered away. i>i>

And that point has also become more dazzling and terrifying under the infusion of countless flames.

"Die!" Seeing that the crushed rock burial was almost compressed, Xiao Yan lightly tapped the star that was struggling to support the sky below. Suddenly, a huge spot of flame roared away, and the star's pupils also flashed. A hint of fear of death.

"Elder Ye, save me!" And Tianxing couldn't care less about such a huge attack at this time, so he could only shout in the Holy Flame Space.

"Ha ha."

"When did the guy from Burning Incense Pavilion become so arrogant?" And as Tian Xing's voice fell, an old man slowly appeared in the holy flame space.

The old man slowly appeared, and he lightly tapped Xiao Yan's attack. At that time, Xiao Yan's seemingly powerful attack was instantly shattered! i>i>

"Sure enough!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but say when he saw this scene.

Ever since he had just met Tianyu Tianyu, Xiao Yan had faintly noticed that a strong man with the Xuanling royal family was in the busy city, and it was unexpected that it was true.

And the guy in front of him is actually Ye Mo, the deputy head of the Dragon-loving Legion of the Xuanling Royal Family.

"Er Duo Shengyan, and the daughter of Ling Mengsheng, the master of the Earth Palace, are really a good lineup." Ye Mo casually glanced at Xiao Yan and the others, and said casually.

"Big brother." At this time, Xiao Yi's face also showed a hint of madness.

"Senior, if you don't show up again, I'm afraid your disciple will be kidnapped. I think you don't want to see it like this?"

"Master of the Hall of People." Xiao Yan also shouted into the Holy Flame space.

"Hey, he is really a good boy." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, a figure slowly appeared in the Holy Flame space. i>i>

"Selling things to our old white man?" Xiao Yi said immediately upon seeing that the person who came was the white old man who had just sold things to Xiao Yan.

"Ye Mo, you should take good care of your people."

"The blood curse just now, everyone present can testify, what else do you have to say?" said the white old man.

"Bai Ya, you are not dead?" Ye Mo's expression changed, and the white old man in front of the old man said.

"I didn't die, and I was lucky enough to break through to the half-immortal." After the white old man Bai Ya finished speaking, a breath of the half-immortal powerhouse suddenly burst out, and the spirit of the breath faintly pressed Ye Mo.

"Haha, some tricks for carving insects can't make it to the table."

"Well, since the sect competition is about to start tomorrow, then we won't stop there."

"I hope you can achieve a good result this time in the Fenxiang Pavilion After Ye Mo finished speaking, he waved his hand and disappeared into the Holy Flame Space with Tianxing.

"There are problems with Ye Mo and Tianxing." As Ye Mo and Tianxing left, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"In their bodies, there is an extremely thick aura of foreign evil races. Although it is very weak, it does exist." Mu Yingying on the side also spoke.

"Okay, these things are not what you need to worry about, it's not too early, you should go back quickly." After the white old man finished speaking, he took a step directly, and then Xiao Yan's holy flame space was dissolved out of thin air, and everyone appeared. in the busy city.

"Let's go, go back." The four of them nodded and then walked towards the residence.

The old man Bai, who was in the same place, murmured: "The ghost world should attack us for Xuantian three days in this sect competition, but the Xuanling royal family colluded with the foreign evil clan, could it be that they want to annex the Blood River Continent? "

"Could it be that they cooperated with the ghost world on the surface, but actually colluded with the evil race outside the territory, in order to annex the Blood River Continent?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Also, Ye Mo's strength has soared to the half-immortal level. This is not normal."

"It seems that I can't go back for the time being. Let's clarify this matter."

After the old man Bai finished speaking, he disappeared instantly.

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.

https:

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: