Chapter Vol 4 877: fighting spirit

"Ridiculous!"

"Don't be mad!" The pride of the undead man in the red robe in front of him, the other six dragon-loving legion powerhouses invariably questioned.

However, the six people were extremely vigilant about this undead ghost. After all, its strength is too tyrannical!

"Captain, are you alright?" Ye Mo gently supported Qin Tian and then spoke.

"I'm fine, I just underestimated the strength and endurance of this beast." Qin Tian said, obviously he didn't expect this undead sparrow's wisdom to be so high, and escaped from the ruins with their strength.

At this time, the undead Mingque was not in a hurry, and slowly played the game of cat and eagle with the people of the Dragon-loving Legion.

"It really is a fighting spirit!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but exclaim in surprise.

"Douxian's strength..."

"It's too strong..." Mu Yingying's voice was full of vigilance, and she just used the power of holy flame in the Ruins of Bright Moon. I'm afraid she won't be able to use it in a short time, otherwise there will be some unimaginable things. disaster.

"Don't worry, Cang Yue handed me some things before he left, and I have the confidence to subdue this fighting spirit." Facing Mu Yingying's worry, Xiao Yan smiled quietly.

"Be careful." Mu Yingying still said.

"They are going to fight, we will wait and see what happens." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling soul power all over his body concealed the aura of the two of them.

"Ye Mo, form a formation!" Qin Tian said, and then he didn't hesitate. He knew that the strength of this immortal ghost bird was too tyrannical. I am afraid that only the dragon-loving formation is useful. Otherwise, with the strength of these people, I am afraid It's just a mantra.

"Everyone, form an array!" Ye Mo heard the words, and naturally knew Qin Tian's intentions, but the other members of the dragon-loving army also agreed with Qin Tian's approach. After all, they can achieve such achievements, but Qin Tian is indispensable. 's help.

The next moment, except for the comatose three and Qin Tian, ​​the dazzling power of life and death of the other six members of the Dragon Addiction Legion suddenly emerged, and then a huge formation was formed in this extremely hidden place, killing the undead ghost. Trapped, in the formation, a lifelike dazzling dragon slowly came into being.

On the dragon. An indescribable terrifying aura instantly appeared.

"It's a good formation, but for me, it's not enough." Undead Mingque shook his head and said.

"Undead Underworld Sparrow, look at the trick!" Ye Mo was the core of the formation, controlling the huge dazzling dragon to whizz away at the Undead Underworld Sparrow.

"Boom boom boom!" The dazzling dragon just touched the undead underworld bird, but the undead underworld bird did not react at all, but a fiery red flame appeared on its red robe body, and immediately wrapped around the bright light. dragon.

"Bastard!" At this time, with the power of the six people, the power of the Dragon Addiction Formation was greatly reduced, but this was something that could not be done. After all, Qin Tian had to prepare to absorb the fighting spirit, so he definitely couldn't take action.

"Soul attack!" The next moment, Yaoxinbei, who was behind Ye Mo in the Dragon Addiction Formation, bit his lip, and a dazzling soul force attacked the undead ghost.

"Plop!" With a sound, the fiery red flames on the undead Mingque's body instantly extinguished, and the dazzling dragon also slammed into the undead Mingque's body!

"Huhuhu!" The undead Mingque apparently did not see the attack of the human soul, and was immediately caught off guard.

"Despicable humans!" A trace of blood appeared on the corner of the undead Mingque's mouth, and then stared at the few people in front of him with resentment.

Immortal Mingque's power at this time has already reached a star fighting immortal, but thousands of years of loneliness have made him lose his defense against humans, so naturally he didn't think of human attacks.

Soul attacks are hard to guard against. After all, not everyone has powerful soul power.

"Dragon-loving, attack!" Seeing the effect of the medicine core attack, Ye Mo didn't hesitate, he suddenly controlled the power in the formation, condensed into a giant dragon, and then directly hit the body of the undead ghost.

"It's almost there!" Seeing this, Qin Tian on the side said.

The next moment, Qin Tian slowly took out a rather exquisite medicinal pill from his hand, and then swallowed it directly into his mouth.

At that time, Qin Tian's aura actually skyrocketed, and in a short time, he reached the level of a half-immortal!

"Damn, this Qin Tian is so willing." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help cursing.

"What's wrong?" Mu Yingying seemed rather puzzled when she heard the words.

"Qin Tian's aura has skyrocketed from the peak of Dou Di to the level of a half-immortal. It should be related to the medicinal pill he just took."

"The gap between Dou Di's peak and Banxian is very different. This medicinal pill can temporarily make Qin Tian reach Banxian. I'm afraid it will be expensive. Qin Tian really wants to conquer Dou Soul." Xiao Yan said.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, in the Dragon Addiction Formation, there was a new change in the battle.

"Oh?"

"Is it an elixir to increase strength?" Although the undead Mingjae suffered some damage from the attack of the core's soul, it was still fighting immortals, so Ye Mo and the others' attacks naturally had no effect on it.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In this way, after Qin Tian swallowed the pill, his strength skyrocketed, and the undead Mingque was naturally vigilant.

Although the human world only has the suppression of the Fairy Moon the strength of the undead ghost has reached the level of a star fighting fairy, but the undead ghost has just come out and has not yet adapted to human strength, so the combat power is naturally greatly reduced .

"The value of this thing is too expensive. If it weren't for your existence, I would not have used it rashly." Qin Tian's breath has reached the level of a half-immortal with the increase of the medicinal pill, so he said to the undead Mingque.

"Old Qin Tian, ​​I have to say that you are very strong, but that's the end of it. Although this soul can't beat you, but I want to leave, I'm afraid no one can keep me." Undead Mingque said a little, obviously Retirement was born.

After all, the undead Mingque also knows that there is no need to fight with these people for life and death.

"The price, I have already paid."

"Then it's time to give back to me."

"Undead Mingque, today, you can't run." After Qin Tian finished speaking, five black and white light **** flashing with the power of black and white life and death appeared in an instant!

And with the appearance of this thing, the undead ghost clearly felt a dangerous aura.

"It's really an annoying fly." After the undead Mingque finished speaking, fiery red flames flickered all over his body. He knew that he could only leave after defeating Qin Tian himself.

Qin Tian and his group were in the Dragon Addiction Formation, and then Qin Tian was not afraid of being discovered by others. The moment he made a move, it was a huge killer move!

"The hand of life and death!" Qin Tian shouted abruptly, and immediately above his palm, he was surrounded by five black and white **** of life and death, and above that palm, a power that made the world unknown and bleak slowly spread out!