Chapter Vol 4 1138: Cross 10 color battle immortal robbery!

"You brat..." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, the Master of Soul Eater seemed a little dumbfounded.

"What the Master of Soul Li can achieve, I, Xiao Yan, can naturally also."

"Moreover, I might have to seek revenge from the Master of Soul Li in the future." Xiao Yan smiled, with a faint smile in his voice.

"I didn't expect that my dignified Soul Eater would be so manipulated by a human kid..." Upon seeing the Soul Eater, the soul hidden in the Soul Eater couldn't help but tremble viciously and muttered. .

"Now that you're ready, let's start!" Xiao Yan looked at the nine-color thunderclouds in the holy flame space, and he knew that if he dragged on like this, he probably wouldn't have the chance to trigger the ten-color battle of immortal tribulation.

"Yingying..." Xiao Yan's body burned to the extreme, and then the circle of terrifying fiery red Dou Immortal power stored in the circular Dou Qi Sea in the Dou Qi Sea kept staring at the nine-color thunder cloud.

"Boom boom boom!" With the injection of Xiao Yan's Dou Xian power, the nine-color thunder cloud suddenly became violent and restless, and vaguely wanted to launch a fatal blow on Xiao Yan!

"Huoxin Tianyan, come out!"

"Ghost face and soul flame, come out!" In the next second, two **** of dazzling flames in the body that purify all evils in the world rushed directly towards the holy flame space.

"Boom boom boom!" With the addition of Xiao Yan's power of fighting immortals and the power of the second group of holy flames, the nine-colored thundercloud was like a frightened bird, extremely restless!

Nine-colored thunderclouds are not one piece, but nine pieces. One-colored thunderclouds have one color, while nine-colored thunderclouds have as many as nine colors!

The nine thunderclouds emerged from Xiao Yan's tyrannical force, and immediately in the center of the nine thunderclouds, it seemed that something was slowly brewing!

"Yingying..." Seeing that such tyrannical power was still not enough to trigger the tenth color thundercloud, Xiao Yan slowly put his hands on his chest and then murmured softly.

"Plop, plop!" And Xiao Yan's heart seemed to be called by Xiao Yan. The next moment, the bright blue flame was like a world-annihilating fire, which emerged directly from Xiao Yan's chest. into the sky!

"Boom!" And with the power of the three holy flames and Xiao Yan's power of fighting immortals, the nine thunderclouds standing above the sky were completely quiet!

Thunderclouds also have a lot of wisdom, and they will give birth to corresponding thunderclouds according to the strength of the robbers.

And the stronger the strength, the stronger the Dou Xian Tribulation, which is also the reason why there were many strong people stuck at the peak of Dou Di in the Xuan Santian period and could not break through!

"Gulu gulu." With Xiao Yan's huge handwriting, the nine thunderclouds stood quietly at the top of the holy flame space, and then formed a circle, and muffled thunder sounded one after another in the center of the circle, as if nine thunderclouds In the face of the arrival of a more powerful master!

"well done!"

"Then just wait quietly for the coming of the Ten-Colored Fighting Immortal Tribulation!" The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help saying looking at the terrifying fluctuations above.

With his perception, he knew that the reason why the nine thunderclouds were so quiet at this time was to welcome the ten-colored thunderclouds that were about to be born!

"Senior, how did you overcome this immortal tribulation?" Xiao Yan asked with some doubts.

"Fighting Immortal Tribulation is divided into one to ten colors."

"For every color, you need to be whipped by a thundercloud." The Soul Eater said lightly.

"That is to say... how many times of calamity and immortal tribulations are triggered, just how many thunderstorms need to be met?" Xiao Yan said with difficulty swallowing a sip of saliva from his dry throat.

"That's right."

"You have caused a ten-color battle of immortals, so naturally you need to be beaten by ten thunders." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"I'll be darling..." Xiao Yan said somewhat dumbly. Obviously, the pressure on him from the nine thunderclouds in front of him should not be underestimated.

"Don't worry, although the power of the Shicai Fighting Immortal Tribulation is not bad, I believe you can handle it."

"It's about to start, the first one!" As soon as the voice of the Master of Soul Eater fell, suddenly outside the circular center surrounded by nine thunderclouds, a wave of fluctuations slowly emerged from the thunderclouds, and a wave about touching Xiao An arm-sized thunderbolt was slowly born.

"Boom boom boom!" Without waiting for Xiao Yan to react, the thunder flashed all over his body and directly attacked Xiao Yan!

"Boom boom boom!" The first thunderous attack fell directly on Xiao Yan, and then dissipated.

"No... so weak?" And Xiao Yan didn't feel anything just now, just felt as if a breeze was blowing in front of him.

"The Immortal Fighting Tribulation is naturally extremely small at the beginning, but each thunder tribulation will increase its power by a geometric multiple." The Soul Eater explained.

"According to my current physical strength, I'm afraid I need to use strength to resist if I can hold the six-colored thundercloud."

"If you practice the Nine Transformations of the Dragon God, I'm afraid your physical strength will be even higher. It seems that you will have to find time to practice when you go out from here." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"Hula-la!" While Xiao Yan was thinking, the second thunder calamity was fleeting!

No pain or itching at this time!

The third way!

Slightly sour!

Fourth way!

He could feel the destructive power of the thunder flow, but he didn't have any pressure on Xiao Yan!

The fifth way!

He put some pressure on Xiao Yan, but he was still able to take it easily with the tyranny of his body!

The sixth, as if hitting a solid wall, although the pressure was not small, it was still resisted by Xiao Yan!

The seventh way!

It was not until the seventh thunder calamity that Xiao Yan's face moved slightly. Obviously, even he could smell an extremely terrifying aura from the hundred-zhang-sized thunder calamity!

"Boom boom boom!" With all the power of Dou Xian, he was able to resist the seventh thunder tribulation in front of him!

If Xiao Yan's physical strength was the same as that of ordinary people, he would have already fallen under the seventh thunder tribulation.

But don't forget, Xiao Yan's body, when he was in Doudi Continent, was nourished by the blood of various monsters, even the Heavenly Demon Wind Clan and Taixu Ancient Dragon, with the addition of many blessings from Xiao Yan's blood power, his body The strength is already quite terrifying, and when he came to Dou Di Continent, he was forged by holy flames, and his body strength was extraordinary!

"The eighth path..." At this time, Xiao Yan looked up with a solemn expression, only eight-colored thunderclouds and nine-colored thunderclouds were left, and the pressure increased greatly.

Originally, after each thundercloud attacked, it was absorbed by the circular vortex. Xiao Yan didn't have to think about it, he knew that the vortex must have gathered the power of the colorful thunderclouds!

If you can't catch a nine-colored thundercloud, there is no need for a ten-colored thundercloud In that case, let's come together! Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and then the dazzling power of fighting immortals attacked him directly!

And being attacked by Xiao Yan like this, a dazzling ray of light emerged from the eight-colored thundercloud and the nine-colored thundercloud, and then the two merged into one, a thousand-zhang thunder beam that made Xiao Yan's scalp tingle, slowly It exploded in the sky!

"Crackling!" Thunder's whistling voice was like a ghost, and it was exceptionally loud!

"The mere eight-colored and nine-colored thunderclouds want me to submit?"

"The power of fighting immortals, protect your body!"

"The power of double flames, protect your body!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and then burst out.

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, the thousand-zhang Lei Jie did not give Xiao Yan any chance to breathe, and descended directly from the sky, flying down like a **** harvesting the lives of mortals!

"Pfft!" The collision between the electric, light and flint finally ended with Xiao Yan taking dozens of steps back. However, a trace of blood appeared at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth. Obviously, although he resisted the eight-colored thundercloud and the nine-colored thundercloud teamed up. But it also paid a very heavy price!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The tenth color?" Before Xiao Yan could breathe, the eight-colored thundercloud and nine-colored thundercloud were directly sucked in by the huge vortex in the sky, and then a touch of silver thunder with thick fingers touching Xiao Yan, slowly emerged from the vortex. fall off.

At the same time, the Soul Eater, who had been silent for a long time, shouted loudly: "How could it be possible... this is the fluctuation of the realm?"

l