Chapter Vol 4 1702: Xuan Guard and the powerhouse in the dark!

The wind and sand are raging, and the huge caravan is still marching in the wild ghost desert.

The yellow sand in the wild ghost desert is quite eerie, but this caravan has a unique method to avoid being hurt by the yellow sand, so the journey is quite smooth.

For a few days, the caravan was walking in the desert, and nothing strange happened.

However, they didn't know that most of the ghost kingdom was hungry, plus the overlord of the demon world, and the black dragon wolf also came to the west temple. A real good show started slowly.

"It's strange, the materials escorted by this caravan are kept so tightly, it seems a little strange..." Xiao Yan and You Er each rode their horses, sitting in the middle of the team, Xiao Yan's eyes kept going back and forth on the materials stored on the backs of these spirit beasts , said in his heart.

In the caravan, some spirit beasts are used to transport materials, but the so-called materials are tightly protected like rocks, and it is impossible to see what it is from the outside, even with Xiao Yan's soul power, it is also I can't see the slightest bit, but looking at the spirit beast's laborious appearance, these materials must be of heavy weight.

In addition to this, there was an extremely beautiful sedan chair in the caravan. The whole body of the sedan chair was completely wrapped in a circle of dark lines, blocking all investigations. Even Xiao Yan couldn't see anything wrong. However, Xiao Yan felt that there seemed to be no human figures on the sedan chair, and the aura contained in the sedan chair actually made Xiao Yan uneasy, as if there was something strange in it, but because of the strength of the caravan , Xiao Yan also did not act rashly.

"I'm afraid there is something wrong with what the caravan is escorting." Xiao Yan glanced at it from time to time, and conveyed his soul power to You Er.

"These caravans are transporting supplies in the open, and I am afraid they are transporting something for the temple secretly..." You Er nodded lightly and agreed.

"It's almost time to enter the edge of the West Temple, be careful." The voice just fell, and the two were carefully concealing their breath.

"Sir, there is no storm ahead, and the route we took is correct." The scout in charge of exploring the route replied in the caravan.

"Yang Xiu, you've worked so hard for you, this time, when you go back, I will remember your great deeds." The captain of the caravan said with a smile.

"Hey, Captain, the route pointed by the two adults is correct. I just went to check it. Without the help of the two adults, I'm afraid we would have wasted a lot of time. After all, the changing laws of the desert, only their internal personnel It's clear." Yang Xiu said with a grin.

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan and You'er's guidance, I'm afraid they would have encountered a lot of trouble, but these things were all pointed by You'er, which made Xiao Yan admire You'er even more.

"Thank you two."

"Tomorrow, we can successfully reach the West Temple." The caravan captain laughed.

Through these few days of getting along, Xiao Yan also knows that this caravan is called the "Wind Snake" mercenary team. The captain is Feng Qingyang, and its strength is in the middle stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals. It is specially responsible for the transportation of some materials in the four major temples. , can be regarded as a veteran, every time no matter how turbulent the desert storm is, he can always **** the supplies successfully.

A day passed quietly.

"It's here, West Temple." The next day, the goods escorted by the caravan and Xiao Yan slowly looked into the distance, a huge building suspended above the desert, lost their voice.

This huge building, like a palace tower, has an awe-inspiring atmosphere as a whole. It is extremely huge. What is even more puzzling is that this building is actually suspended above the desert, which is a rather strange situation.

"Everyone, the forbidden area of ​​​​the temple, please stop." When everyone entered the temple for several kilometers, some of the sand under their feet shook suddenly. After a while, guards wearing black armor appeared and said.

"Xuan Guard, this is the supplies we sent to the temple, please check." Feng Qingyang greeted him with a smile.

"Come here, count the supplies." He Feng Qingyang glanced at each other, and immediately after Xuan Guard waved his hand, several shadows appeared and went directly to check the supplies.

However, this kind of inspection is also quite strange, because these guys did not open the material as thick as a rock, but used a special force to erode it, and immediately nodded with satisfaction. As for the exquisite sedan chair, they didn't even look at it. He gestured to Xuan Guard.

"After the inventory, go in, there are special guards waiting for you, and they will take you to the location where the supplies are placed."

"The recent troubled autumn has cheered me up." Xuan Guard finished speaking, his eyes slightly shifted, Xuan Guard and this caravan are already old acquaintances, and after a glance, it is naturally quite easy to distinguish something wrong .

"Hey, why are there two people missing?" At this time, Feng Qingyang was slightly startled and asked in doubt.

"Go in." Watching the crowd fluctuate so much, Xuan Guard waved his hand, and an incomparably huge sandstorm emerged, sweeping the caravan and supplies, and blasting away from the ground toward the huge palace.

However, the figures of Xiao Yan and You Er entered one of the materials on the back of the soul beast when they entered here. At this time, they were safely concealed in the materials, and followed Feng Qingyang and the others. The West Temple, which was suspended in the air, after all, if it did not do this, once Xuan Guard found out the truth of the matter, the consequences would be unimaginable.

"This...what are these things?" At this moment, Xiao Yan and the two stood inside the material but lost their voices.

Because the rock-like materials placed on the bodies of many soul beasts at this time is a rather empty small space, similar to a ring, with a size of hundreds of feet, and in this space, there are stored Some crystal blocks of different shapes, these crystal blocks are filled with extremely dazzling suction, vaguely making Xiao Yan feel a sense of loss, and even the flames in his body emit a strange aura.

"These things... It seems that the Lord of Li Soul, Fuli Shi, should have retreated here." Seeing this, You Er got up and walked around, pinching his palm lightly on the crystal, and the terrifying suction force turned out to be The ghost energy in his body was absorbed and pulled a bit, but fortunately it was not a big problem.

"These things should be special crystals to isolate the power of the holy flame of flame. This crystal is called swallowing flame crystal. As the name implies, its function is to swallow the flame, weaken the power of the flame, and temporarily store the power of the flame. , and now the number of swallowing flame crystals is so large, I think this is probably prepared for the master of the soul." You Er spoke slowly.

"When you enter the temple, remember to follow me closely. I know you are very strong, but the strong people in the Western Temple can easily kill you, so I don't want you to make mistakes, otherwise we will..." After a while, You Er repeated He instructed Xiao Yan.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded heavily. With his current strength and soul power, he clearly sensed that in the temple at this time, he could crush him to death at will, probably no less than two digits, so he was naturally very careful now.