Chapter Vol 4 2226: Evil body, evil spirit!

"He's really an incredible kid."

The desolate atmosphere in the entire lair made the atmosphere here fall into a strange dead silence. After the rest, the second elder Ma Lin looked at Xiao Yan with joy.

"Cough cough..."

Xiao Yan opened his eyes, and there was indeed a lot of desolate aura in his body, but this aura was too ethereal to be used for cultivation, but it was used to temporarily control this formation without any problems.

Although the ancient formation of Huangyuan is extremely terrifying, the elder did not inject the formation stones to control it when he used it, but only added the power of Huangyuan to seal the place, so it gave future generations a lot of opportunities. Left behind.

"This formation, I can temporarily control and assist the two, two seniors, let's get started."

Xiao Yan looked at the center of the lair formation with a solemn gaze. The first elder sat quietly, with the golden coffin and the statue of the goddess Yaoji.

No matter who these three are, it is extremely difficult!

Among the three, the statue of the goddess Yaoji is the largest, with a height of tens of meters, and then the golden coffin that has been corroded by the black breath, and a terrible breath that moves the soul emerges, and finally sits quietly, as if An elder like a living dead.

"Hmph, the little doll from there actually spoiled the good things of this seat!"

The icy voice, accompanied by an extremely viscous black liquid, spread out from the gap in the golden coffin. The suffocating evil energy had just spread, and the entire space of the formation was filled with an extreme throbbing.

The darkness is raging, and at an alarming speed, the land is instantly flooded.

"Desolation!"

Feeling the surging power of evil, Xiao Yan's array pattern increased sharply, controlling the ancient barren formation, and a force of dead gray barrenness spread out, rudely corroding the sticky black, in the moment of corrosion , In the black air, there are countless miserable mourning voices, it is obvious that even the tyrannical evil force, under the invasion of the barren source force, is not attacked and self-defeating.

"After so many years, there should be an end."

The purple flames rose on the second elder Ma Lin, and the blue flames burned on Yao Laogui's body. The two walked out of the golden coffin step by step. The terrifying aura emanating from their bodies actually made the entire space buzz.

"Susu...I think you can't resist me, even the great elders of your fire elves clan, just relying on you two juniors, foolishly talking about dreams!"

The icy evil sound was transmitted, and at the same time, a ghostly shadow appeared on the golden coffin.

Above the coffin, countless black air leaked out, and immediately poured into the shadow. The dark aura also spread to the land at a very fast speed.

The ghost's body was as pitch-black as ink, and his eyes glowed with crimson blood, and his entire body was actually filled with an extremely tyrannical and violent evil spirit.

"It's just a ghost transformed by an evil thought."

Yao Laogui and Second Elder Ma Lin said coldly in front of Xiao Yan and Xiaoyi.

"These two guys seem to be somewhat different."

Mo Ying's eyes spared the two elf powerhouses, staring at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi. For some reason, there was a rather strange aura on their bodies, and that aura seemed to restrain him.

"Has it been discovered?"

At the same time, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi's pressure increased greatly, they only felt that the hairs on their skin stood up, trying to suppress the holy flame in their bodies, said solemnly.

"Crack!"

The demonic shadow's evil power is monstrous, and it is too appalling. The stone boxes of the two are instantly crushed, and the power of the elf seed is blessed on him, and the pressure has only weakened a little.

"Go!"

Seeing this, the second elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui saw a monstrous sense of hatred and hatred in their eyes. The dazzling flames and the power of reincarnation spread on the two of them, and they imprisoned the entire lair in an instant, cooperating with the barren source that Xiao Yan barely controlled. The ancient formation, so that in this lair, it is no longer difficult for the shadows to escape.

"Two elders of the fire elves family, but they have not even reached the fourth-level strength, and have the courage to provoke this seat?"

"Since that's the case, then use your life to forge the great achievements of this seat!"

The ghost roared up to the sky, and the sharp and piercing magic sound seemed to be able to pierce the soul.

"Xiao Yi, get ready."

Xiao Yan nodded, and immediately grabbed Xiao Yi and leaned against the edge of the lair formation. A chill appeared on his face, and his pupils turned into bright amber flames and an extremely surging soul power.

"Sacred Flame Eyes!"

Xiao Yan gently hid in the dark and brewed. This strike contained the power of holy flame and soul power, and I am afraid that it could be effective at a critical time.

"Crack!"

The splendid eyes of holy flame spread out from a distance, and splendidly roared directly at the demonic shadow evil spirit, producing countless hot flames along the way.

"Crack!"

Although the Demon Shadow Evil Spirit was surprised, he stretched out his dark palm and slapped it with one palm, and the two pupils of the holy flame were easily destroyed.

"Wong buzzing!"

With the destruction of the holy flame's pupils, a mass of amber flames burned fiercely at the wrist of the demon shadow evil spirit, causing its complexion to change.

"This is……"

The ghost's face was gloomy, and he stared at the amber flame, and seemed to smell an aura of fear from it!

"Go!"

Taking advantage of the appearance of the ghost, the two elders looked at each other, and the endless power of reincarnation spread out.

"Two idiots, now they're just giving away for nothing!"

The ghost smiled strangely, the dark aura emerged, and the amber flame was extinguished, so his eyes kept lingering on the golden coffin and the two elf powerhouses, looking at this appearance, as if waiting for something.

Second Elder Ma Lin and Yao Laogui couldn't help but say that the blue flames and purple flames gushed out at the same time, the vast ancient scorching waves washed and purified the black gas around the ghost, and there was quite a halo of ethereal energy gushing out worm-carving tricks! "

"Evil claws!"

Seeing two ferocious flames lingering out, which carried a very sacred purification aura, the shadowy snorted coldly, violent killing intent emerged in his eyes, his palm slammed against the golden coffin below, and the monstrous demonic energy slanted out. The top of its head gathers into a thousand-zhang-sized claws, which is arrogant.

On the devil's claws, there are large and small dark lines, and those lines, at first glance, make people feel a trance, and if they are not careful, they may completely fall into them.

"kill!"

The two-color flames actually intertwined in the mid-air, turning into an elf bird shadow, Xianziweiya, with a surging and terrifying vigor, directly piercing the void, and finally combined with the forcible attack of the devil's claws.

"Boom!"

The two attacked and contacted, and the hot energy storm raged. The ghost and the two elf powerhouses retreated at the same time. At the same time, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the back, also quietly operated the ancient deserted formation, with a looming head. Ancient creatures, like a long river that has broken through time and space, appear directly above the nest, and the magnificent and huge body has an ancient atmosphere that covers the sky!

That's a wasteland!

The peerless beasts in the ancient times, the strength of the peak period may be comparable to the most powerful beasts who have passed through the sixth or seventh reincarnation stage!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: