Chapter Vol 4 2039: Weird boy!

Medicine family, Yunling Mountains.

Xiao Yan and Xun'er paced and walked towards the mountain range slowly. In the Yunling Mountain Range, mountain streams appeared everywhere, and there were faint lights in the mountain streams. Obviously, this was where the passage into Medicine King City was located.

Involuntarily, when the two stepped into one of the mountain streams together, a strong light shrouded their bodies, and a moment later, a huge rock gate appeared in front of them.

The giant rock gate looks quite solid, with green energy squirming back and forth on it, which is quite mysterious.

"Squeak." Xiao Yan pushed gently with his hands, and the rock door was immediately opened by him, and an ancient and rich Danxiang emerged from the inside, overflowing with fragrant fragrance.

"Stop!" After the rays of light dissipated, a team of five neatly appeared behind the rock gate, the leader of which said coldly to Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan.

"One seven-star fighting immortal leads the team, and four six-star fighting immortals. This medicine clan is really willing to pay for the grand ceremony." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, looking at the guards who were immovable like sculptures. , the stern breath on his body was released, and he immediately stood in place with Xun'er.

Seven-star fighting immortals are all used as guards to guard the gate, I am afraid it is only a race with extraordinary heritage like the Yao family that has such audacity.

"We are here to participate in the Medicine Clan Festival." Xiao Yan took a step forward and said.

"Please show the invitation or the alchemist rank medal." The captain of the guards heard the words and said as usual.

The medicine clan festival is the most grand event in their century, so it must be strictly guarded.

"I don't have any invitations, I didn't have time to bring the Alchemist Medal when I went out in a hurry..." A trace of apology appeared on Xiao Yan's face.

"Since that's the case, I'm afraid I can only invite you all to go back."

"The medicine clan festival is by no means a child's play, and unidentified people cannot enter it..."

"Wait, this power is... two adults, please come in." The captain of the guard team refused, but before he finished speaking, he changed his words, because Xiao Yan's body was like Haoyue. The dazzling soul power swept out, like the continuous flow of the Taotao River, that kind of terrifying soul power made the tyrannical power like his Seven Star Fighting Immortal feel vaguely uneasy.

The identity of an alchemist is lofty, but soul power is undoubtedly a very important part of the formation of a high-level pharmacist. The soul power that Xiao Yan just released is much more tyrannical than that of ordinary alchemists, and even no longer loses to the clan. Some elders, so this bodyguard team changed his words.

"Now, can you go in?" Xiao Yan took back his soul power, pulled Xun'er and said softly, his face remained unchanged, his voice soft, but after the scene just now, these people did not dare to underestimate them.

"Two, please come in."

"Jumping over this rock gate is where the Medicine King City is located. There are some dedicated attendants to meet you. Whether it is a strong person or a contestant from the major forces, they will receive the most warm hospitality from our Medicine Clan."

"I wish you a good result."

"By the way, my lord, there is the most authoritative alchemist grade appraisal on the entire continent in Medicine King City. If you have time, you can go and make an appraisal. High-level alchemists have a lot of convenience in the medicine family." Xiao Yaner said. When the figure disappeared, the captain of the guard said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and took Xun'er across the giant rock gate towards Medicine King City in one fell swoop.

"What a perverted guy."

"It's okay, don't look at it, other people are heroes and heroes, it's reasonable to hold the beauty back, we have to step up our defense and never let go."

"After all, the grand ceremony was disturbed by some **** before, and this time there can be no accident." After speaking, calm was restored here.

"Weng buzzing." After a few minutes, the long passage came to an end, and a milky white halo emerged, so Xiao Yan and the two gently landed in a square.

The whole body of the square is green, obviously the material is extraordinary, and there are also many white lights emerging in the square at this time. These white lights are naturally the strong players and contestants who come to Medicine King City.

"My lords, I am the person in charge of your reception in Medicine King City. The code name is 12580. During the opening of the ceremony, if there is any need, the 2 lords will do as you please." The two figures of Xiao Yan just now Falling down, a kind-faced young man suddenly said with a smile on his face, which made people feel like a spring breeze, quite warm.

The young man looked innocent, and looked quite young, and even his strength only surpassed Dou Xian, but this is also a unique scenery of the Yao family. All the resources in the Yao family are tilted towards the talented geniuses, similar to some direct descendants or Ordinary commoners are responsible for doing these daily chores.

"12580?" The two couldn't help looking at each other, this code name was too funny.

"Today, there are 12,579 registered and recorded before the two adults, so the two are naturally 12,580." The young man explained patiently.

"This young man's strength has just reached the ranks of Dou Xian, but it seems that something in his body has been sealed. According to my perception, the sealed thing is probably a force. That kind of huge force cannot exist like this. Strange on a weak guy."

"Moreover, he doesn't have any clothes from the Yao family, or even some terrifying injuries under his clothes. It's not simple." Xiao Yan couldn't help but give this young man such a comment.

"It's really a grand ceremony." Xun'er smiled sweetly with her beautiful eyes twinkling.

"What a splendid Medicine King City." Standing in the square, looking up at this huge city so close at hand, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a sense of insignificance as an ant.

Medicine King City is different from other cities because its whole is like an aquarium gourd. On the walls of the gourd, there are exquisite houses shining with a faint luster of oil lamps. sound, pass out.

Even so, in this treasure bottle-like Medicine King City, some of the faintly hidden auras caused Xiao Yan to palpitate.

Among the ancient races, the Seven-Star Fighting Immortals are already considered to be the leaders of the younger generation and they are still "geniuses" that rely on the racial heritage of their own talents, and the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals are the real heritage.

"Can you take us to the Alchemist Association, little brother?" Xun'er asked with a smile after looking at the whole picture of Yaowang City.

"The Alchemist Association... This way, please." The young man made a gesture of invitation, without saying anything or asking, and walked directly to the other side of the square, but on that innocent face was like a bright red cherry It is generally very red. After all, a guy with a low status like him has never seen Xun'er who is as beautiful as a fairy. Although Xun'er has tried his best to cover up his face, after obtaining the Holy Flame and the Seal of Reincarnation, it seems that Xun'er Become more watery.

"Oh, isn't this the return of the medicine stone?" Just as the young man led Xiao Yan and the two to walk away, a few rather unfriendly eyes were projected in the square.

"This is broken, two adults, hurry up!" Hearing this familiar voice, the boy's body shook like an electric shock. It seemed that the owner of the voice had brought some fear to him, and immediately turned his head to face with a serious expression. Xiao Yan and the two said, extremely urgent.

"It's okay, play with them." Xiao Yan held the young man's shoulder with one hand, and immediately did not wait for him to speak, a terrifying soul force slowly passed out, making him feel at ease.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: