Chapter Vol 4 1543: Mysterious Ice Lotus Terrace!

With Xiao Yan quietly absorbing the energy of spirit beasts outside, it was only a matter of time before he broke through to the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal. Therefore, Xiao Gui and the two were also standing in the cave, and this scene was quite strange.

"What do I do now?" The two looked at each other and asked immediately. Apparently, the two of them were about to go to the treasure below, but they were entangled by these sturdy ice, and they were suddenly in trouble.

"These ices are too strong, and there is no entrance. I'm afraid I can only use my ice attribute to break through the ice and go down to see."

"And according to my guess, the guardians here should only have ice demon swordsmen..." The two discussed it, and Luo Menglan was the first to speak. She is an ice attribute, so it can naturally reduce a lot of danger.

In the frozen lake deep in the cave, although there is no ice demon swordsman to protect, but the only cold that invades the bone marrow is endless, and the ice layer protected by this cold is obviously extremely difficult to destroy.

"Together." Xiao Gui naturally wouldn't waste this opportunity to perform, and immediately his body slowly stood in front of Luo Menglan and said.

"No, the top of your left arm is eroded by that big guy's glacial sword energy, and it will be extremely painful if you are infected with the cold air." Seeing this, Luo Menglan scolded and refused. She herself is an ice attribute, so she can naturally detect Xiao Gui. Visible scars on the arm.

"Okay." Xiao Gui shook his head helplessly when he heard the words.

"Xuuu!" As soon as the voice fell, a white battle qi emerged on Luo Menglan's body, so he completely wrapped his body, and immediately walked cautiously towards the center of the lake.

"Forget it... Let's go and have a look." Without the slightest hesitation, Xiao Gui quietly followed, but the wound on his arm was tinged with cold air, causing severe pain.

"Here...it's weird." After a while, Luo Menglan came to the mountain in the center of the lake, her eyes slowly raised, and she wondered.

Here, it is clearly the best place to enter the frozen lake, but at this time the entrance seems to be completely suppressed by this mountain.

"I'll give it a try!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and a dazzling ghostly aura emerged from his hands. Then, before Luo Menglan could speak, he slammed his hands against the mountain in front of him, and his incomparably sinister energy palms suddenly attacked him away. .

"Boom!" Before Luo Menglan could speak, the mountain peak that was attacked by Xiao Gui shook violently, and pieces of ice and rubble kept falling off.

"Be careful!" Seeing this, Luo Menglan hurriedly set up a Dou Qi barrier in front of the two to avoid being disturbed by these ice cubes.

"Weng buzzing!" After a few breaths, the mountain peak was razed to the ground by Xiao Gui's attack, and at this time, the cold air above the entire cave became even stronger!

"That is……"

"Entrance!" In an instant, Xiao Gui looked at the bottom of the disappearing mountain, and a giant ice crater about several meters slowly emerged!

And through this ice pit, or even below, a very special energy light group slowly radiates out, and in this light group, I am afraid that the treasure is located.

"Go!" Luo Menglan glanced around the cave with her eyes, and immediately looked at Xiao Gui directly, and the two jumped into the ice pit one after the other.

"Crash!" As soon as he entered the ice pit, an overwhelming white cold air suddenly emerged, and Xiao Gui was attacked by such a strong cold air, and the wound on his arm also erupted with extreme pain, and he couldn't help but change color. Blue veins burst.

"I told you not to come, but I won't listen." Seeing this, Luo Menglan couldn't help but feel a little distressed, and the dazzling vindictive aura was directly displayed, isolating the white fog, and then Xiao Gui would feel better.

"The danger here is unknown, I'm only a big man, but I don't worry about you coming down with a girl." Xiao Gui grinned, rather simple and honest.

"This guy." Hearing Xiao Gui's words and the honesty in his expression, Luo Menglan smiled lightly.

"This should be the place leading to the treasure below, be careful." After a while, Xiao Gui didn't know what Luo Menglan was laughing at, and immediately said.

"Whoa!"

"What a tyrannical power of ice." After a while, as the figures of the two became lower and lower, the white mist suddenly transformed into a pure white mist, and the oppression of the ice attribute was even more powerful.

"We can't go down... We may not be able to withstand that kind of pressure when we go down." After a while, Luo Menglan looked at Xiao Gui, who looked uncomfortable, and glanced at Baby Light who was close at hand, and shook her head.

It is strange to say that the breath and light emanating from the treasure below make people feel close at hand, but since the two of them descended from the ice crater, they have already dropped a distance of 700 meters, but they are surrounded by cold ice layers. , there is no figure of any baby at all.

"Cough cough... It's okay, I can still hold on."

"The thing below must be a treasure, I... can feel its tyrannical aura..."

"I can't... give up." Xiao Gui gritted his teeth forcibly to endure the inhuman torture, and said immediately.

This time, it was finally his turn to perform, and he said that he was going to take this thing out and give it to Luo Menglan.

"Let's go!" After a short while, Luo Menglan's figure moved and flew out with Xiao Gui directly.

"You can't just leave like this." Seeing this, Xiao Gui was in a hurry and broke free from Luo Menglan's shackles. He was covered in ghostly energy, and quickly moved towards the ice layer below. In the ice layer below, it was the existence of the treasure. land.

"Big man, you!" Luo Menglan was shocked when she saw this, but Xiao Gui's speed was too fast. Although he was angry, he followed.

"Eight hundred meters..." Xiao Gui was lingering with ghostly energy still facing down, but at a depth of 800 meters, it could make Xiao Gui faint, even the coldness. The chill of ice, through the isolation of his own ghost, began to invade his body. If it continued like this for a long time, it would leave extremely serious hidden dangers.

"A little closer..."

"Nine hundred meters!"

"..." Xiao Gui shot down to the bottom of his mind, looking at his appearance, it was astonishing that his heart would not die until the Yellow River.

"Big man, stop now, you'll die if you go down!" Luo Menglan also followed Xiao Gui down, but when she descended to the 800-meter position, even she was under great pressure to cultivate the ice attribute, not to mention Xiao Gui's How big the pressure will be.

"One thousand meters!" In an instant, Xiao Gui held his last breath and rushed to the bottom. In an instant, it was as if he had punctured something. Therefore, Xiao Gui's figure left the ice pit and entered the pure white in the light group.

"Big man...you..." Luo Menglan endured the tyrannical pressure and entered the light group like a ghost.

"That is……"

"Xuan Bingliantai?" As the two entered the pure white light group, Luo Menglan just wanted to look for Xiao Gui's figure. If his attention was attracted by the scenery in front of him, his eyes shrank tightly, his face Staring at the baby not far from the two without changing his color, he lost his voice.