Chapter 335: Desperate Du He!

"You old man, I'll go down the steps for you, don't be ignorant." Du He also snorted coldly, then said.

Although Du He pretended to be calm, more and more people watched, and he felt guilty.

"I have hard bones." Zhu Lao also said slowly, but his voice was surprisingly loud, and many people around him heard this Zhu Lao's voice.

"This sound is..." Wen Zi, who was not far away, also seemed to have found something, and then suddenly raised his head and looked at the previous location of the old Zhu.

"You go back first, and I will tell you in detail when I finish dealing with the matter here."

"In addition, we brought those two people to the entrance of the underground palace to wait for us."

"I hope there won't be any trouble." Wen Zi also said to the young man in front of him, and after finishing speaking, he quickly walked towards the place where the old Zhu and the others were.

"Hehe, Master National Teacher is here..."

"There's a good show to watch now." Some people around were also booing, and immediately gave way, and then let Wen Zi slowly walk to the middle.

"This kid knows bad things." When Wen Zi saw Du He for the first time, he said fiercely in his heart.

Wen Zi walked into the arena, Du He and Zhu Lao were at the very center, obviously the parties involved, but Wen Zi didn't ask anything, he just said to Du He.

"Apologize to your lord." An angry voice also roared at Du He.

"But it's obviously him..." Du He was also unwilling and hurriedly defended.

"Isn't that shameful enough?" Wen Zi also snorted coldly, then stopped looking at Du He.

Turning his head to look at Old Bamboo in front of him, the original sternness was gone, replaced by a smile on his face.

"Sir, isn't this kid causing trouble?" Wen Zi also slowly glared at Du He, who was beside him, and then said respectfully to Old Zhu.

"I didn't cause trouble, but it just hit me straight, and slandered that I hit him first."

"Hey, this Xuanling royal family is really chilling..." Zhu Lao also said, and after speaking, he also made a painful expression, which caused many people around to boo and curse Du He.

"I've long heard that these six princes are ignorant and incompetent all day long, and they bully young girls from a good family. Now they're actually bullying an old man..."

"That's right, I don't know why King Xuanling condone such a waste..."

Duan Duan Si words kept coming out of the crowd of onlookers.

"Why are you standing still!"

"Kneel down and apologize to the seniors!" Wen Zi also saw that Du He didn't mean to act at all, and then opened his mouth and said.

"Humph!"

"Wen Zi, don't think you can point fingers at me if you are a national teacher!"

"I don't!" Du He also snorted coldly and said.

"You brought it on yourself!" Wen Zi also watched more and more people onlookers, and immediately took action.

I saw Wen Zi's phantom-like movement, and the next moment, he also suddenly appeared behind Du He, then raised his foot slightly, and kicked Du He's ankle viciously!

"Ah!" With a scream, Du He didn't even have time to find out what it was like before he knelt down with a "pop".

"It's just a junior, it's just a simple lesson."

"Let's go." Elder Zhu also said slowly, and then walked towards the depths of Xuanling City without looking back.

When Xiao Yan and the others heard this, they also secretly admired this old Zhu!

The sixth prince, Du He, obviously went to their Burning Incense Pavilion to try to cause trouble before, and he simply failed. However, on the territory of the Xuanling royal family, using their own people to slap their own prince in the face was extremely pleasant.

After all, the Burning Incense Pavilion is extremely protective!

Xiao Yan and the others also laughed, and then slowly followed.

"Sixth Prince Du He!"

"Do it yourself!"

"On behalf of the royal family, I am officially warning you that you are not qualified to read anything!" Wen Zi also said slowly, and then followed.

The group of five also disappeared from everyone's sight.

The rest is that Du He's eyes showed despair...

This time, it seems to have provoked someone who shouldn't be provoked.

Because Du He knows that the Xuanling royal family really counts, except for his father, Xuanling King, this Wen Zi is also hard to chase after a word!

If Wen Zi said so, then he will lose his qualification to run for the next heir!

Lost all escape routes...

"What are the details of the four of them, and how could this Master Wen Zi treat them like this..." Some sharp-eyed people also noticed the attitude of the Master Wen Zi towards the four people, and immediately became contemplative.

When the matter was over, the onlookers also dispersed one after another, leaving only Du He and the entourage standing there blankly.

"I'm not reconciled..." Du He also shouted in the sky, and then said blankly.

Wen Zi's words undoubtedly put Du He into the cold palace. In the future, the Xuanling Royal Family will not reward him with any resources, or he is not qualified to participate in any other matters.

In this case, this Du He is also a prince in name only.

"Sixth prince, let's go!"

"This matter needs to be discussed in the long run!" The attendant also pondered.

"Let's go!" Du He also knew that this was not a place for discussion, so he also left here and headed for his residence.

"Haha, I made a few people laugh." Wen Zi also apologized to Old Zhu. After all, the character and status of the sixth prince were really not very good, and if they were discarded, they would be discarded.

"It's alright, let's do the big thing first." Elder Zhu also said.

The five people walked on the street, slowly heading towards the depths of Xuanling City.

"By the way, I heard that there will be a large-scale auction organized in Xuanling City in a few months?" Zhu Lao also seemed to remember something and then said.

"Hehe, if the adults are interested, you can come and participate at that time."

"There will be a lot of strange things in this auction." Wen Zi also laughed.

"Hehe, I'll definitely go there then."

"By the way, bring these little guys to see the world." Zhu Lao said slowly, and then he no longer hesitated, and walked out first.

"Auction!" Xiao Yan's eyes also murmured and became extremely hot!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If even a strong man like this old Zhu Lao is interested in an auction, then the auction items are extremely precious!

The alchemist said that the most fertile profession, not to mention a high-level pharmacist like Xiao Yan, it is no exaggeration.

"There is still more than a month before the auction. At this time, you should soak the Xuanling Emperor Pond properly." Elder Zhu also said.

"What the lord said is very true."

"Everyone, please come with me." Wen Zi also agreed, and the next moment, Wen Zi also led a few people towards a very dazzling place.

Where, the guards are extremely tight...

There are hundreds of soldiers guarding it, and there are some powerful and powerful people sitting in the town...

Looking up, there seemed to be some extremely attractive large characters standing slowly.

Ask for tickets!