Chapter Vol 4 1464: Chinese-grade Immortal Technique, Swallowing Flame Technique!

"Swallowing inflammation?"

"What is that?" Noticing the loss of his master's voice, the Master Soul Eater, Xiao Yan cast his gaze into the light group, and suddenly felt an extremely terrifying wave slowly emanating from it.

This level of fluctuation, for the current Xiao Yan, if it touches the slightest, it is tantamount to a disaster. Xiao Yan knows that it can shock the power of Soul Eater at this level, which is enough to see this. Something extraordinary.

"Mid-grade fairy art, swallowing inflammation."

"This technique is actually a fighting technique. It can use the mystery of swallowing the flame to swallow the power of flames, thereby greatly increasing one's own strength. The enhancement time is a stick of incense time, and the enhancement of strength increases with the strength of the user's flame power. And strong, with no sequelae.”

"But remember, only those with strong fire attributes can cultivate. If other attributes are rashly cultivated, the source will be damaged at light, and the serious will fall."

"The points required for the exchange, ten thousand." A few lines of short and powerless handwriting, accompanied by a scroll wrapped in flames, slowly appeared in the light group.

The scroll is covered by a strange flame of nothingness. It is only possible to see the existence of the scroll, but it cannot be touched. I think it is also a means set up by the Supreme to prevent others from taking chances.

Obviously, this scroll actually exists in the light group, but it is protected by special means. Once Xiao Yan has enough points, it can be directly exchanged for possession. However, Xiao Yan also knows that if you want to grab it hard, I am afraid it is a fool's dream. After all, that kind of The void flame protecting the scroll could easily burn itself into ashes.

"Swallowing inflammation?"

"Isn't this the same nature as the Tianhuo Sanxuan?" Suddenly, after reading the introduction gently, before the Soul Eater could speak, Xiao Yan said with a face full of surprise, the simple words on the swallowing technique, he couldn't help but read the introduction. Xiao Yan's eyes lit up.

Xiao Yan clearly remembers that the three mysterious transformations of the sky fire already in his body can not only stimulate Xiao Yan's clan pattern, but even enhance Xiao Yan's power, but after all, the level is too low, even if Xiao Yan uses the power of holy flame to cast sky fire The strength of the three mysterious transformations is not a small one, so the three mysterious transformations of Tianhuo were also idled by Xiao Yan, so that they can be used to stimulate the clan marks when necessary.

And now, this flame swallowing technique is astonishingly the same as the Three Profound Transformations of Tianhuo, and even the level is as high as a mid-level immortal technique. For Xiao Yan, it can be said to be the best fighting technique.

After all, if he mastered this fighting skill, and cooperated with Xiao Yan's body's Burning Jue and the power of holy flame, the swallowing flame technique, the skyrocketing strength would probably reach a jaw-dropping level.

"How is it? This thing." The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater also regained his composure, looking at Xiao Yan who was smiling all over his face.

"This is a good thing, it must be obtained." After a while, Xiao Yan also showed a bright smile on the corner of his mouth. Obviously, if Xiao Yan now controls this swallowing technique, I am afraid that he will use the power of holy flame as the master of swallowing flames. Basically, that kind of help is staggering.

"The demon-suppressing treasure in the ghost world has been controlled by the Lord of Soul for nearly a hundred years, and this swallowing technique, I remember, is the treasure of a town called the Spirit-Swallowing Clan in the Great Thousand World." Soul Eater The old voice of the master sounded in Xiao Yan's heart, as if he remembered something from the past.

"The Spirit Swallowing Clan?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard the words, because he remembered that there was also the Spirit Swallowing Clan on the Dou Qi Continent.

The matter of swallowing spirits, swallowing kings, and nothingness and swallowing flames came to Xiao Yan's mind.

"The so-called Spirit Swallowing Race above your Dou Qi Continent is just a branch."

"The real Spirit Swallowing Race has a very high status in the Daqian World, and their King of the Spirit Swallowing Race can swallow everything in the world in an instant."

"And the Spirit-Swallowing Race, because of the power to devour all things, although they made a lot of contributions during the World War, but after the World War, their terrifying ability to devour all things made many strong people in the world fearful, so they were joined together. Secretly expelled, and this so-called swallowing inflammation technique was handed down from the swallowing clan."

"Although the rank is not high, its value is extraordinary, so it is enshrined by the Spirit Swallowing Clan as a treasure of the town clan." Soul Eater explained.

"Does the Ancient Emperor Tuoshe have anything to do with the Spirit-Swallowing Clan?" Suddenly, Xiao Yan suddenly thought of something and muttered, because according to the information left by Tuoshe Guni, Xiao Yan vaguely noticed the two seem to have some connection.

"Emperor Tuoshe?" The Soul Eater murmured as if he had remembered something when he heard the words.

"Master knows?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this.

"I don't know much about the ancient emperor Tuoshe in your mouth. He should not be called by this name in the Great Thousand World."

"But the only thing I remember is that there was a peak powerhouse in the Great Thousand World who learned this technique."

"He is in control of the five holy flames, and after performing the swallowing flame technique, he can truly set foot on the pinnacles of this great world." A loud voice resounded like a bell.

"Five... five holy flames?" Xiao Yan said in shock.

"I don't know if that guy is the ancient Emperor Tuoshe you mentioned, but according to the information I have learned, he is also from the Dou Qi Continent, and he doesn't seem to be a human being." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head.

"It should be right." Xiao Yan nodded slowly after listening to Soul Eater's words.

"The strength of that guy, even I can't match, but that guy seems to have a very good relationship with the swallowing clan. Since the last war of heaven and earth, the swallowing clan disappeared, and his figure is nowhere to be seen. It has appeared, I don’t know if it’s fallen or what.” The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head and said, but he stopped talking.

"Forget it, let's get the 10,000 points needed for this exchange first in hand." Xiao Yan stared at the fiery red scroll Swallowing Flame, licked the corner of his mouth, and said with a smile.

"Crash!" After a while, Xiao Yan also left the space inside the Demon Suppression Stone and returned to the Demon Suppression Prison.

"Big brother, what's the matter?" Xiao Yan disappeared in an instant just now, which naturally gave Xiao Gui a great panic, but fortunately, Xiao Gui's perception was also keen, so nothing happened.

"It's alright, I'm afraid there will be no peace for a while." Xiao Yan clapped his hands and smiled.

Because most of the places where the two of them are at this time are only some low-level evil things, even if they are a little higher, there are very few earth-level evil things. In this case, it is naturally extremely difficult to collect 10,000 points.

"You have to move closer to the center, where the demons are powerful, but the relative points are also higher." Xiao Yan looked at the Demon Suppression Prison haunted by demonic energy, and immediately muttered.

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan and the two slowly got up and moved towards the center.

"Hehe...Isn't this the human guy that the adults named to arrest..."

"I remember it's Xiao Yan, the strength of the mere three-star battle of immortals in the early stage, wait for death." Just as Xiao Yan and the two walked towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, they did not know that they had been secretly targeted by others. .