Chapter 267: Little Yi wakes up!

"What?" Now it was the Nine Souls Monument's turn to be surprised.

The space is imprisoned, unexpectedly, what the two of them are not clear about!

Once the space is imprisoned, unless it is a strong man at the level of Dou Xian, it is impossible to break the restriction of this space...

"damn it!"

"Why is this space imprisoned?"

"Isn't it okay when you came in?" The Nine Souls Monument also said angrily.

"Don't get excited, it should have appeared when the twin ghost emperors used their ghost skills before..."

"I'm still careless..." Chang Yu also said with a look of resentment.

Then he looked at the ferocious giant face above the sky and fell into contemplation.

"Susu!"

"Provoking me to the ghost world is the end of it!"

"You guys just wait for me to be swallowed up by me after my strength has recovered to the peak, and become a part of my ghost world..." The harsh laughter also came from the giant face.

"Is there really nothing I can do now..." Tianhuo Shenghu also muttered.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"After a while, they will rescue the others, you go first, I will take care of the rest." Chang Yu also said solemnly.

Obviously, the power in front of him is beyond Chang Yu's control, but the greater the ability, the greater the responsibility, so Chang Yu did not shirk at all, and took the next banner.

"What is this kid Xiao Yan doing..." The weak Nine Souls Monument also noticed Xiao Yan at the side, and just saw Xiao Yan, his pupils shrank tightly, a force that made him extremely fearful was there Xiao Yan was born slowly in his hands.

"This power is..." The Nine Soul Monument was also excited!

There must be treasures under the soul-suppressing monument. This is unchanged from the ancient times, but although the nine-soul monument has guarded the twin ghost emperors for thousands of years, they still don't know what treasures are in the soul-suppressing monument!

However, there is no doubt that the treasure in the Soul Requiem monument that he guards has the power to restrain the twin ghost emperors.

In other words, the things in the soul-suppressing monument that he guards are the things that the twin ghost emperors are afraid of!

At this time, the Nine Soul Monument also felt a familiar smell from Xiao Yan in the Soul Requiring Monument that he guarded!

If it is normal, the Nine Souls Stele also thinks that Xiao Yan can't do anything, but what the Nine Souls Stele knows is that Xiao Yan is not only recognized by the treasures in the Soul Requiring Stele that he guards! Still a disciple of the Golden Dragon King!

Even if any of these two identities are released, they will be looted!

Because the treasures that can restrain ghosts in the ghost world are rare, let alone let the treasures take the initiative to recognize the owner, which is even more rare!

And in other words, the strength, identity and status of the Golden Dragon King are the best among the seven realms!

Being able to be apprenticed by such a strong man really shows how extraordinary this Xiao Yan is.

"This kid Xiao Yan is really interesting. I hope you can bring us some miracles." The Nine Soul Stele also said slowly.

Then after finishing speaking, his eyes were slightly closed, and the last remaining power in his body was also madly pouring into Xiao Yan!

"This..." At this time, in order to integrate the powers of these three, Xiao Yan was using almost all his Dou Qi, even with the support of high-level pills that restored Dou Qi, he was still struggling to support it.

However, with the appearance of an extremely pure force from the Nine Soul Monument, it also relieved Xiao Yan a lot of pressure, and the compression action in his hand became faster!

"Nine Soul Monument, you are..." Chang Yu also seemed to have noticed the movement of the Nine Soul Monument, and then said.

"Since this is the end of the matter, then I'll take a gamble..." The Nine Soul Stele also said slowly, and then the power was still being delivered continuously.

"The power in this kid..." Chang Yu didn't notice it just now, but now he turned around and saw that the power in Xiao Yan's body caused all the ghosts to shy away!

This is unheard of!

Even if it is as strong as his Seven Star Dou Emperor powerhouse, he cannot achieve this level.

"What the **** is going on?" Chang Yu was also surprised.

"This kid is the choice of what's in the tablet of the soul." The tablet of nine souls also said slowly.

"Okay!"

"Since that's the case, then I'll help you too!" After Chang Yu finished speaking, an extremely pure power surged out instantly, and then gathered into Xiao Yan's body.

With the influx of two extremely pure powers, Xiao Yan's power also skyrocketed at this time!

The middle stage of the Four Star Dou Di...

The late four-star Dou Di...

……

The late stage of the Six Star Dou Di!

Impressively soared to the level of a six-star fighting emperor!

However, Xiao Yan didn't have time to rejoice. After all, he also knew that this sudden power was only to solve the immediate predicament. At this time, he could not care about any other sequelae!

When the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger saw this, he just wanted to follow suit, but unexpectedly, the giant face in the blood-colored vortex suddenly opened violently, and then he seemed to have discovered Xiao Yan's actions, and a shocking fluctuation was quietly brewing.

"Not good!" Tianhuo Shenghu shouted loudly, then rushed out, and then ignored the attack that was still brewing!

"Humph!"

"A beast, just looking for death!" The giant face snorted coldly, and then an extremely terrifying black air instantly enveloped the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger.

At this time, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, with red flames all over his body, faced the pitch-black attack without a single step, with a fierce look in his eyes, staring at the terrifying attack in the mouth of that giant face!

Because the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger knew that Xiao Yan's attack was their last chance!

If they were destroyed when Xiao Yan was gaining momentum, then their consequences would be irreversible!

So no matter what you say, you can't let this attack come out!

"Then go to hell!" The giant face also said savagely, and then the terrifying ghostly energy was instantly besieged, and it would drown the entire body of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger in a blink of an eye!

"Hee hee, don't forget me, big tiger." A silver bell-like smile also appeared on Tianhuo Shenghu.

With the appearance of Mu Yingying, the ghost qi that was about to drown the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was also instantly evaporated, but on Mu Yingying's body, an azure flame was also beating slowly.

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger looked up, and it was Mu Yingying!

"What are you doing here, go back in danger!" Tianhuo Shenghu also snorted coldly I don't want it. Since everyone has contributed, I can't be idle, and I will intercept this **** color with you. The evil in the vortex. "Mu Yingying also said casually.

When Tianhuo Shenghu looked at Mu Yingying, he also had some inadvertent touches.

"Let's go!" Mu Yingying also said a word, and then the two of them walked away towards the giant face in the blood-colored vortex, trying to stifle its attack in the cradle.

"This power..." The giant face in the blood-colored vortex also turned his attention to Mu Yingying. The blue flame on Mu Yingying's body just now made him feel quite frightened...

"Go to hell..." The giant face also turned the attack into a target, completely ignoring Xiao Yan's movements, and went towards Mu Yingying's terrifying attack!

The attack of the giant face condensed, at this time, it has no less than a full-strength blow that is comparable to that of a five-star human fighting emperor!

Just as the terrifying attack came, Mu Yingying pushed away the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, and the terrifying attack also hit Mu Yingying in an instant, and Mu Yingying was too late to defend. The flames seemed to be rendered by the black aura of ghost qi. Just when it was about to attack Mu Yingying's body, a milky white light exploded instantly, dispersing the huge ghost qi attack in one fell swoop!

"Dare to kill my sister-in-law?" After doing all this, an extremely hearty laughter also echoed in the space.

With the sound of this voice, Xiao Yan who was not far away also felt that a very familiar aura seemed to return.

Ask for tickets!