Chapter 274: fail? Not necessarily!

"Boom boom boom!" Terrifying fluctuations emanated from the blood-colored vortex in an instant, and at the same time, the originally indestructible blood-colored vortex also showed signs of disintegration, accompanied by waves of heat waves.

The next moment, the attack of the ghost sword in Yinxie's hand and Xiao Yan's lotus of annihilation collided viciously together!

"Shabu Shabu!" The two terrifying forces also collided violently in an instant.

A Baizhang Daomang and Xiao Yan's lotus of annihilation, which contained a monstrous ghost and evil aura, exuded a shocking explosion in the blood-colored vortex!

Just at the distance of several meters between the two, the terrifying explosion spread instantly.

At this time, the dark space in the blood-colored vortex also became brighter under the illumination of the fiery flame energy of the lotus of silence.

At the same time, a woman is also standing slowly in the blood-colored vortex, but on top of her white clothes, some heavy armors are covered. On the armor, each and every one of the extremely hideous evil cheeks is accompanied by a circle of terrifying. Strength also appeared, but the smile on the woman's cheeks at this time was also quite strange.

On the other side, Xiao Yan also stood facing the blood-colored vortex, but the vindictive energy in his body was also squandered and nearly depleted, but fortunately, Xiao Yan, a high-level pharmacist, had recovered not many medicinal pills while staring at the blood-colored vortex at this time. In the confrontation, while swallowing the medicine pill.

By this time, Xiao Yan didn't feel sorry for these high-level medicinal pills anymore, he devoured them, and as the high-grade medicinal pills entered his body, Xiao Yan could also feel a wave of extremely gentle power flowing slowly. Among his limbs and bones, his vindictive energy was slowly recovering.

"Cough cough..." The next moment, the flame armor on Xiao Yan's body was also shattered, and then the rather handsome Xiao Yi also appeared in front of Xiao Yan, but at this time Xiao Yi was covered in milky white flames. Weak, very weak.

"The effect of this first possession is really bad..." Xiao Yi also said indignantly, obviously this time the possession did not exert much power and it was over.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan also smiled, comforting Xiao Yi.

Since Xiao Yi appeared in Du, Xiao Yan's strength has also dropped from the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor to his original strength. In the early stage of the Four Star Dou Emperor, there was no physical discomfort. After all, the strength that had skyrocketed before was a total of three Seven Star Dou Emperor. The pure power of the strong, so it did not have much impact on Xiao Yan.

"This ghost slash is the famous skill of the twin ghost emperors."

"It is said that thousands of years ago, there were countless seven-star fighting emperors who died under the trick of the twin ghost emperors..." The Nine Soul Stele also said in a low voice.

"You said that Xiao Yan's attack or the evil evil's attack is stronger..." Chang Yu also muttered.

Although I don't know why, Chang Yu can always feel that the three layers of energy in Xiao Yan's exquisite lotus of annihilation, although the outermost flame power is powerful, but it is still enough to generate the power to make the evil spirits fear. The invisible energy in the inner layer contains terrifying soul power. As for the power in the exquisite lotus seeds in the innermost layer, it makes Chang Yu feel a sense of fear!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's hard to say, after all, this kid Xiao Yan should have some secrets, and the power above the lotus seed, even I would not dare to confront it..."

"However, the current strength of the twin ghost emperors is still far from the peak..."

"Let's look at the situation, if something goes wrong, the two of us will take action immediately, and we must let these good faces escape..." The Nine Soul Monument also said solemnly, and then stared at the fierce collision in the blood-colored vortex.

"Strange, how can there be an invisible force around Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying didn't care about the words of the Nine Souls Monument, she just stared at the space around Xiao Yan in a daze.

The space around Xiao Yan's body was squirming slightly.

"Boom boom boom!" The collision in the blood-colored vortex became more and more intense, and the evil sword light with a size of hundreds of meters and the lotus of annihilation attacked together viciously.

It's just strange that the power of the two did not explode immediately, because there were two terrifying powers around the lotus of annihilation, so the sword light was also blocked forcibly.

At the beginning of the contact, the knife light and the flame energy collided violently, and after a few moments, the black flame energy in the outermost layer of the lotus of silence was smashed away by the knife light, and then with the shattering of the outermost flame energy , the lotus of silence also revealed the power of the second layer, the combination of soul power and spiritual power!

"Damn boy..." Yin Xie also snorted coldly, and then with Yin Xie's cold snort, the terrifying sword light also broke through the second layer of the Lotus of Destruction!

Baizhang's black sword light was extremely sharp, and it broke the second layer of the Lotus of Quietness abruptly, and with the terrifying sword light, it broke the second layer of the Lotus of Nemesis' defense one after another. The lotus of silence also revealed the innermost appearance.

"Susu..."

"It seems that heaven doesn't wish you any favors!" Yin Xie also snorted coldly, and then burst into laughter all over his body. Only at this moment, the battle has also gained attention.

The terrifying sword light broke through the second layer of defense, and the breath did not weaken in the slightest, nor did it stay in the slightest, under the control of the evil evil, it attacked the lotus seed!

"Shabu Shabu!"

The terrifying knife light touched the lotus seeds of the lotus of silence, and the flame energy continued to overflow everywhere, resisting the erosion of the knife light, and then the extremely evil grimace in the knife light also emerged, right. Launched a frantic attack with the flames around the lotus of silence!

"Bang bang bang!"

Under the maddening attack of the sword light , the Lotus of Nirvana was also in a state of powerlessness, and then the next moment, it was instantly chopped in half by the terrifying sword light!

"This……"

"I lost..." Countless contestants on the ground frowned upon seeing this scene, and the horror of death filled their hearts.

"Susu, let's die." Yin Xie also laughed. If the last spiritual pillar of mankind was destroyed by himself, so would their fate.

"That's not necessarily true." Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, and then his pupils shrank tightly, and a terrifying wave instantly filled out!

The place where the terrifying fluctuations permeated was not Xiao Yan, but the lotus of silence that was cut in half in the blood-colored vortex!

"Lotus of Silence!"

"Put evil!"

The majestic voice also reverberated in the entire sky, and as the terrifying sword glow cut the lotus of annihilation in half, the sword glow launched by the Ghost Sword also dissipated.

But at this time, with Xiao Yan's voice falling, the speed of the lotus of annihilation, which was cut in half, suddenly increased sharply, and it roared away at the evil evil that was close at hand!

"Damn it!" Yin Xie also shouted angrily, he didn't expect this Xiao Yan to come out like this!

At this moment, a terrifying black aura emerged from the body of the halved lotus!

And when Yin Xie, who was smiling just now, was watching the black aura on the lotus of silence, Dai's eyes shrank tightly, and her body trembled, as if she was very afraid.

Ask for tickets!