Chapter Vol 4 1327: Half-step 3-star madrigal!

"Bang bang bang!" A shocking energy storm slowly emerged from the two sides, and the entire space suddenly became shaken.

Mu Ge's tyrannical ice attribute attack was directly burned out by the angry lion, and then Mu Ge was shocked and hurriedly retreated.

However, Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't give Mu Ge this chance. He jumped up and stepped directly on the back of the flaming angry lion, and then like a slingshot, he shot towards the place where Mu Ge retreated.

"Bang bang bang!" Hit by Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack, immediately on the chest in front of Mu Ge, a scorching flame ignited instantly.

"Wow!" A group of strong people outside the field looked at the pastoral songs that were constantly being calculated by Xiao Yan, and immediately fell silent. No one thought that Xiao Yan, who seemed to be a little-known two-star fighting immortal mid-stage power, could actually make the pastoral songs. Tossing around in circles requires not only strength, but also a grasp of the timing of the battle. Obviously, this Xiao Yan is far from being as simple as it seems.

"Okay, Xiao Yan... I underestimated you." Mu Ge was hit by Xiao Yan's tyrannical attack, and immediately his figure was a little embarrassed, then his face was ashen, his eyes were full of resentment, and he stared at Xiao Yan slowly. Speak slowly.

Because don't say that others didn't think of it, even he himself didn't think that Xiao Yan's strength was weak, but Mu Ge was ashamed of his grasp of the timing of the battle, and this kind of battle timing can only be tempered when it encounters a real crisis of life and death. .

This time, Mu Ge seemed to be really irritated by Xiao Yan. The azure blue battle qi on his body just appeared, he immediately extinguished the flame on his chest, and then wiped away a trace of blood from the corner of his mouth, his eyes fixed on Xiao Yan.

At this moment, the aura on Mu Ge's body was undoubtedly much more tyrannical than before.

"Next, let's show you my true strength." Pastoral no longer had the underestimated enemy before, and every gesture was filled with an extremely tyrannical pressure.

Then, with his body as the center, a huhu azure blue battle qi continued to permeate the entire sky. With Mu Ge's actions, his strength was slowly increasing!

Just now, it wasn’t that Mu Ge took it lightly. Facing Xiao Yan, Mu Ge has already tried his best to pay attention to it. The disadvantage is that Xiao Yan’s fire attribute energy is much more tyrannical than the normal fire attribute cultivator, which makes him overestimate the power of his ice attribute. It was just a mistake, but now that I know the details of Xiao Yan, I will naturally not suffer again.

"Ice!" A cold hum emerged from the mouth of the pastoral, and suddenly the temperature in the entire space suddenly dropped sharply, and even in the space, traces of conspicuous ice threads continued to condense.

"This guy, such a tyrannical fluctuation of Dou Qi... This kind of fluctuation is not like a two-star Douxian consummation."

"No, he can't be allowed to attack like this." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice, the huge power of hungry souls made Xiao Yan aware of something else.

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's body flashed out, and a fiery red Dou Qi rose to the sky.

"Do you feel the fear... Although you are very strong, the difference in strength between us is too obvious." Mu Ge couldn't help sneering, then raised his palm and waved gently towards the direction where Xiao Yan was attacking. Go, in the space, bursts of dazzling ice strands emerged, like ten thousand years of ice, with an astonishing chill, attacking Xiao Yan.

"Huh." Xiao Yan was very fast, raised his head gently, a hint of agility flashed in his dark pupils, and then took a deep breath, the dazzling flame energy condensed on his hands, and whistled towards the bone-chilling ice strands. go.

"Bang bang bang!" Fire-red flame Dou Qi burst out from Xiao Yan's body like a tide, and the contact between the flame and the ice strands, from a distance, looked like a sea of ​​fiery red and azure blue. Majestic!

"Boom!" The fighting qi of the two exploded in an instant, and a stream of strange energy that contained incomparably hot but also bone-chilling cold continued to radiate out.

"What's going on... This guy's power..." Just after blocking this attack, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly when he saw the pastoral song on the side.

The pastoral song at this moment is the same as before, but the breath makes Xiao Yan feel like he is facing a great enemy!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Today's pastoral, the strength has actually reached the horror level of a half-step three-star fighting immortal.

"I said, I only show my true strength to those who are worthy of my actions."

"Not long ago, I just broke through the half-step three-star Dou Xian level. I originally thought about this method. I will only use it when I compete in the four continents. I never thought that you would be forced out." Filled with indifference.

Obviously at this time, the pastoral, who was half a step in the strength of the three-star Dou Xian, faced Xiao Yan, and the outcome was already obvious.

"Good guy... actually reached the half-step 3-star Dou Xian, and he really deserves to be the first powerhouse in our Thunder City." Seeing this, the powerhouse outside the field couldn't help but say with joy.

"This guy has already come into contact with Sanxing Dou Xian, it seems that Zhou Mi, you have lost the wrong way." Feng Yu also smiled helplessly at this time.

"This pastoral song is really a lunatic. I hope Xiao Yan can take care of him and make him more energetic... Although I don't think it's possible." Zhou Mi shook his head helplessly.

"It's actually a half-step three-star Dou Xian, Xiao Yan, you have to hold on." The three girls next to her also flashed a trace of worry in their hearts and said Xiao Yan, give it up. "

"Although I'm only a half-step three-star Fighting Immortal, defeating you is as easy as pinching an ant to death."

"If you can force me to use all means, you can be regarded as the second place in this individual competition." Mu Ge said eloquently, as if he had the chance to win and was talking to the loser.

"I'm not ashamed to say it."

"A mere half-step 3-star Fighting Immortal, but I am not qualified to hand over this number one." Xiao Yan smiled slowly when he heard the words, but in the depths of his pupils, there was a flash of extremely hot flame fluctuations.

Xiao Yan knew that it would be quite difficult if he wanted to deal with the half-step three-star Dou Xian when he did not use the fighting spirit and holy flame at this time...but...it was not impossible!

"With the help of the battle formation master and the soul power, plus the fire attribute fighting nuclear fighting skills, the three blessings, the victory or defeat is at this moment!" Xiao Yan made up his mind, and there was no hesitation in the slightest, the body of the Ni Gong Wan Shen The moving core inscriptions slowly condensed the core inscriptions, and the soul power of the spiritual palace in the body was also mobilized to invite guests, and even the core of the battle in the Dou Qi Sea was spinning at a high speed, and tyrannical fluctuations continued to emerge.

"Are you ready to fight to the death..."

"If that's the case, then I'll do what you want!"

"Ice is coming!" Seeing this, Mu Ge didn't say anything more. The dazzling ice-attribute energy emerged in the entire competitive mountain range, and the earth-shattering Xeon strike slowly condensed.

And until this time, this finals has finally entered the final stage of white-hot!