Chapter 175: 6 5th-level talented newcomers!

"This Xiao Yan also has some unknown secrets. Otherwise, when he went to the ghost realm, the medicinal power of Ecstasy was quite powerful. If he hadn't had some means, then Xiao Yan would have been planted somewhere."

"Furthermore, in the cold lake area, it was quite powerful. This Xiao Yan..." Mu Feng also thought about it in his heart.

The old man above the tall building just finished speaking, the square was silent for a while, and then it became lively.

The people in the square were obviously having a heated discussion about who the fifth-class talents belonged to.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"There are only 100 newcomers with fourth-level talent, and there is not even a one-tenth chance of being evaluated as fourth-level talent..."

"Brother Ma can be evaluated as a fourth-class talented rookie, and he is indeed a man of honor. In the future, we hope that Brother Ma will take care of one or two." Next to Xiao Yan and the three of them, a short person continued to say, obviously I also have a good abacus in my heart. The trials haven't even started yet. Even if I know how to flatter me, it's enough to see some of this person's cleverness.

The man known as Brother Ma smiled slightly, and then said indifferently, "It's just a fourth-class newcomer. In the future, we must work hard to gain the status of a fifth-class talented newcomer. At that time..."

However, the man who was called Brother Ma, could not hide his excitement when he spoke, and obviously enjoyed the feeling of being flattered by others.

While speaking, he also cast an unkind look at Xiao Yan and the three of them.

When he turned his eyes slightly, he saw Yueru. Brother Ma looked at him carefully. Even if there were some good-looking women around him, but compared with Yueru, he was in heaven and earth.

Three thousand silks fell with her hair, her eyes moved slightly, her charming smile and her perfect figure made Brother Ma drool.

Xiao Yan also noticed this brother Ma's unusual behavior, and then turned his head and smiled slightly, the smile seemed extraordinarily strange.

Then Brother Ma also noticed the unusual attitude of the woman and Xiao Yan. From Brother Ma's eyes, he naturally knew that the strength of the man beside the woman was only the peak of a three-star Dou Di, so there was nothing to be afraid of.

"Hey, Brother Ma goes out, it's not a matter of success..." The short stature also continued, people like them from small places, if they don't find a backer before starting the trials, then they will only be eliminated from the competition. .

Once they are eliminated from the competition, then what awaits them is to return, and this Xuan three days will also lose the opportunity to experience...

"Next, I will announce the list of the fifth-class talented newcomers. Anyone whose name is read will come forward to receive your token." Above the high-rise building, the old man also said in a hurry.

Immediately, the square was also quiet. Thousands of them also wanted to know, which nine people had such ability and were evaluated as these five-level talent newcomers.

"Zhu Zhuqing!" The old man said slowly.

As soon as the name was uttered, there were bursts of commotion on the square. At this time, a rather beautiful woman also flew up from the crowd of thousands and headed towards the tall building.

Then Xiao Yan and the others saw a beautiful woman with a long snow-white dress and long ponytails, which complemented each other quite beautifully.

The most conspicuous thing is that there is a long whip around the woman's waist. The long whip slowly wraps around the woman's waist, like a water snake's waist. A rather powerful force.

This long whip is definitely not an ordinary thing!

As soon as the woman called Zhu Zhuqing appeared, there was a commotion in the square.

"I heard that this woman is a bit amazing. With her strength in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor, she actually defeated the powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor..."

"That's not true, and this woman has a pretty good figure, if anyone can please her..." There were also intermittent voices around.

"As far as I know, this Zhu Zhuqing was born in a place very close to Xuan San, and the forces behind him are quite strong, and he is also very skilled in using a long whip. The enemy." Yue Ru also spoke slowly.

Xiao Yan also nodded when he heard the words, just from the very close distance to Xuan Santian is enough to see that the background behind this woman is not weak, and the cultivation resources are also much stronger than Yueru and the others, so it is also possible to have such strength. Not surprising.

Then Mu Feng on the side was obviously surprised. This kind of secret is obviously only known to the insiders. What is the origin of Yueru? Just wanted to speak, but had to stop, after all, based on Mu Feng's perception, he knew that Yueru was deliberately avoiding him.

The woman was not affected by the commotion below, she bowed slightly to the old man, then took the token and flew back to an empty place above the square.

"He Wanxia!" At the beginning of the first place, the speed was obviously faster.

As soon as the voice fell, a woman in tights also flew towards the tall building.

As soon as this woman appeared, there was an even bigger commotion on the square.

Appearing in front of everyone is a woman with short hair like a man and wearing tights. If you don't look closely, the short hair will look like a woman and an ordinary man, but the tights also set off her figure. Ling Li was as far as it could go, the convex places were convex, and the concave places were concave, which also caused everyone under the square to let out a wolf-like howl.

"Hmph, these men..." He Wanxia also said lightly while standing above the tall building.

"You girl is like this..." The old man above the tall building also said helplessly. UU reading www. uukanshu.com

"Isn't this about participating in the trials, how troublesome it is to fight in a long skirt, it's still good."

"Hurry up, trouble is dead." He Wanxia obviously said impatiently.

After speaking, the old man had no ink, and handed the token to He Wanxia, ​​who also turned into a stream of light and returned to the square.

"Why is this person named Wanxia? It is said that the elder is an elder of a certain sect in Xuantian, but his own talent and strength are not weak, but this He Wanxia is extremely belligerent. If he offends her, then he can I'm in trouble..." Yue Ru was also talking.

"Songcheng!"

"Yi Tian!"

"Li Xin!"

"Luo Ming!"

Immediately afterwards, the old man above the high-rise building also slowly read out a few people, all of which caused quite a commotion.

So far, six newcomers with fifth-level talents have been announced. Without exception, these six people have the strength of the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di.

Mu Feng, who was beside him, couldn't help grinning. These six people were all in the middle stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, and he was only in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, but even so, he was not afraid of any of them!

"Next, I will announce the top three of the fifth-class talented newcomers." The old man above the tall building also spoke slowly.

Hearing that, the pupils of the people on the square also shrank tightly. These six people are already in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Di, so the strength of the top three will be even more terrifying!

Ask for a ticket~