Chapter Vol 2 774: Set off!

The arrival of Xiuqi and Yueru made Wuzhuju quite lively.

However, as time passed, the day when the ruins opened.

On this day, both Xiao Yan and Yueru got up early, obviously they had been waiting for the ruins for a long time.

After Old Zhu's analysis, there were five people who went to the ruins this time, namely Xiao Yan, Qin Xin, Leng Fuyao, Mu Feng and Mu Yingying.

It goes without saying that Xiao Yan and Leng Fuyao, one is the mainstay of the Fenxiang Pavilion today, and the other is the genius of the pharmacy refinery, so they must go.

As for Qin Xin's words, it seemed that she was bound to gain something in the ruins, so the young man had no choice but to participate immediately.

As for Mu Feng and Elder Zhu, they also planned not to let them go. After all, the ruins are extremely dangerous, and it is not enough that there are too many people.

But when I thought of the mysterious gossip at the entrance, and Mu Feng knew a little about this kind of thing, so let Xiao Yan bring it with him. As for Mu Yingying, she must go to express her attitude, and Zhu Lao is not very good. Say.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan stood outside the Burning Heaven Territory and said to the group of people behind him.

"En." After hearing the words, the people behind Xiao Yan nodded secretly. They all knew that the main purpose of the ruins was to help Yueru of Wanhua Pavilion to obtain the real inheritance. Into the hands of others, the others, it depends on their own creation.

"This trip is extremely dangerous, you guys need to be careful." Mu Xuzi looked at Xiao Yan's disciples and said with relief.

"Big brother." Xiao Yi also stood aside slightly, the ban of the eight-star Dou Di strong force made Xiao Yi have to stay at the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan naturally knew that Xiao Yi was worried about him, and immediately spoke up.

"Let's go, I wish you a triumphant return this time." Xiong Yuan said slightly, and then sent Xiao Yan and the others.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and the others immediately glanced at each other secretly after hearing the words, and immediately left the Burning Heaven Territory, heading towards the place where the ruins were located.

"I hope that this battle between the soul and the inheritance will not let the Xuanling royal family succeed." Zhu Jin was in his house, feeling the direction Xiao Yan was leaving, and said slightly.

Xuanling royal family, martial arts training ground!

"Hahaha, happy!"

"Come again!" A very arrogant laughter slowly spread, and I saw Qi Haoqing's upper body in the martial arts training ground at this time, and was constantly attacked by some servants of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. The attack was so strong that it was actually on his body. Leaving a trail of extremely conspicuous scars.

"Haoqing, it's time to go." Just when Qi Haoqing was about to practice cultivation, Qi Haoran slowly appeared, and then said something to him.

This Qi Haoqing is also very personable. Using such an intensity of attack to cultivate, I am afraid that the cultivation of ** is on par with the people of the Ancient Desolate Palace.

"Brother, are you going?" Qi Haoqing immediately waved his hands to let the servants go down after hearing this, and then stared at Qi Haoran with fiery eyes.

Their second senior brothers are very talented, but they have been trapped in the Xuanling royal family for many years and know very little about the outside world. Now they are going to the ruins, and they are immediately excited.

"Yep."

"The seal of the ruins has weakened, it's time to set off." Qi Haoran nodded after hearing this, and left here immediately.

Seeing this, Qi Haoqing immediately put on his clothes and just followed. At this point, the second senior brother went directly to the ruins.

"My king, the two of them will be sent to the ruins this time, will the fighting spirit..." Wen Zi felt the departure of the second Qi brothers, and immediately asked the Xuanling King beside him.

"Haha, fighting spirit."

"I'm bound to get this thing."

"Although the ruins have a devastating suppression on those who are stronger than the eight-star Dou Di, this time, I will let the people who are addicted to the Dragon Legion take action at a critical moment." Xuanling King finished speaking, and suddenly laughed strangely. .

"But, my king."

"The Dragon-loving Legion was transferred by the guardian guarding Yanchi..." Wen Zi said thoughtfully.

"Hehe, I have my own way."

"And the eight-star Dou Emperor's ban in this ruin may be useful to others, but I have enough solutions to solve it. Although the price is too heavy, it is worth it."

"Wait, it won't be long before not only the Xuanling royal family will be in my pocket, but even the petrified fighting fairy power, holy flame, fighting soul, can't escape!"

"Hahaha!" After King Xuanling finished speaking, he laughed strangely.

"Count the time, the ruins are about to open, let's go, Junior Sister," Song Yue said to his childhood sweetheart in Wanjianmen.

"Brother Song Yue, do you think the ruins will be too dangerous this time?"

"In the past, it was my brothers and sisters who accompanied me to go with us. This time around the ruins were banned for hundreds of miles, so we could only go there." Hong Qian said rather puzzled.

"Don't worry, no matter what the storm is, it's mine." Song Yue smiled slowly when he heard the words, his eyes full of doting.

"Wait." Just when the two were about to leave, Jiujianxian suddenly appeared.

"Master, what else is there?" Hong Qian immediately made a mischievous face and asked.

"This time the ruins are really not normal, but you have to be careful with the members of the Xuanling royal family. I always feel that something is wrong, but I can't tell you the specifics." Jiujianxian took a sip of wine and said to the two.

"The Xuanling Royal Family?" Song Yue frowned upon hearing this.

"Also, be careful with Yueru from Wanhua Pavilion and Xiao Yan from Burning Incense Pavilion."

"One of these two is the inheritor of this relic, and the other is a genius rarely seen in the Fenxiang Pavilion for thousands of years." Jiujianxian thought for a while and continued.

"Okay, this disciple has written it down." Song Yue nodded slightly.

These people must be so cared by their master, they must have a strong point, so Song Yue is also careful go. After Jiujianxian finished speaking, he left here in an instant, while Song Yue and Hong Qian also slowly walked towards the ruins.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

These super sects are slowly sending people to the ruins, one is to experience their own disciples, and the other is to compete for the highlight of the ruins!

Fighting spirit!

It may be rude to say that the existence of the fighting spirit makes these super sect's most powerful people unable to sit still. If the restriction in the ruins is not too strong, I am afraid they will directly **** it.

But because of the special seal, everyone could only send out outstanding disciples to fight for their fighting spirit!

At this time, among the nine super sects, Fenxiang Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion have already formed a relationship because of Yueru, and the Poison Sect also sent an outstanding disciple, Lin Zhu.

As for the Xuanling royal family, they are the two brothers Qi Haoqing and Qi Haoran, Bingshui from the Valley of Love, Feng Hong and Du Chun from the Ancient Desolate Palace, Guni from Solomon, Hua Lexin from the Puppet House, and so on.

As for some other small sects, they did not have the news prepared by these super sects, so they sent a large number of powerhouses, but these powerhouses stopped when they stepped into the ruins for hundreds of miles. They knew that, If they step into the ruins, I am afraid that they will be dissipated in an instant!

So those who entered the ruins at this time were all young talents from Xuan Santian, and a fiery battle started slowly.

Ask for tickets!

Today should be five