Chapter 434: 9-star 5-turn Dou Dilu Master!

"Cough, cough..." Bing Xinmei's eyes shrank, because an invisible suppression instantly emanated from Master Nalu!

With the strength of Master Lu's Jiuxing Dou Di showing no doubt, a terrifying pressure instantly suppressed Bing Xin's aura!

Even Bing Xin vaguely felt the vindictiveness in her body trembling all at once!

Bing Xin knows that opportunities are always reserved for those who are prepared, and she cannot give up hope at any time, otherwise, under the eyes of Master Jiuxing Dou Dilu, she will never have a chance to leave!

"Poisonous Hand!" Bing Xin was not too long-winded, and the poisonous blue-colored Dou Qi suddenly appeared all over her body. Although she was suppressed by Master Lu's Jiuxing Dou Di's strength, Bing Xin did not admit defeat so easily.

Because Bing Xin has a Fire Qidan on her body!

This fire qidan is undoubtedly a life-saving straw for the current Poison Sect, so even if she is fighting for her last breath, Bing Xin will definitely not hand over this thing!

"Poisonous hand!" As soon as it came out, a very viscous green liquid appeared on Bing Xin's jade hand. Bing Xin's figure burst out instantly, the speed was increased to the extreme, and then it whistled at the other rock where Master Lu was standing. And go!

"Boom boom boom!" Just when Bing Xin brought his rotten hands to Master Lu with three meters left, Master Lu moved!

Master Lu snorted coldly, and at the same time, a black grudge emerged from Master Lu in an instant!

Dou Qi is essentially black, but there is a faint hint of white in the black.

"Tsk tsk, black and white blending together, in the realm of life and death, fighting immortals."

"However, it seems that Master Lu is now at the level of Rank 5 Dou Di's perfection." Old Zhu's eyes are so old, he can see the exact strength of Master Lu at a glance.

With the emergence of black Dou Qi in Master Lu's body, Bing Xin only felt that the closer he was to this Master Lu, the Dou Qi in his body trembled uncontrollably!

But Bing Xin didn't have time to think too much. At this time, the attack had reached the point where the arrow had to be sent on the string. It suddenly suppressed the trembling of his inner vindictiveness. Master Lu waved away!

"Shabu!" The terrifying green viscous liquid was mixed with violent toxins, like locusts. Wherever it passed, nothing would grow, but a strange scene appeared.

The viscous green liquid suddenly stagnated in the space three meters away from Master Lu!

Bing Xin's beautiful eyes moved, and found that the black grudge on Master Lu's body was very strange, and he actually intercepted his highly poisonous liquid directly!

It felt like that, as if his attack had hit an indestructible rock, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't move forward!

"damn it!"

"Nine Star Dou Di is really not what I am now, but I can handle it..." Even if it was a simple fight, Bing Xin knew the current situation.

So after a simple test, Bing Xin knew that Master Lu's strength was terrifying, and it was definitely not something she could handle.

"I don't know if the Sect Master has received the news..." At this time, Bing Xin felt a little helpless. When they just photographed this Fire Qidan, they secretly sent a message to their Poison Sect Master. After all, this Fire Qidan is very important. But not the slightest bit sloppy.

"Hey, little baby, come again!" After Master Lu finished speaking, his figure flashed, and he attacked Bingxin in an instant!

Seeing this, Bing Xin had to flash quickly, but fortunately, Master Lu didn't have the intention to kill. In addition to the fact that he had cultivated quite good fighting skills, he was also slowly dealing with Master Lu.

The distant eastern land, this is the wild land located in the east of Xuantiantian, there are countless powerful monsters and some unknown secrets.

At this moment, a rather beautiful woman was slowly spreading her wings behind her, and quickly omitting it towards Xuan Tiantian!

The woman was dressed in green fighting spirit, and her hair was like 3,000 pieces of silk fluttering in the wind, which looked quite beautiful, but on top of her pretty face, it was covered by a mask, revealing only a pair of beautiful eyes, beautiful eyes. Turning slightly, it was indescribably beautiful, and the Dou Zhi Wing behind the woman was impressively green, and the skyrocketing speed was under the control of the woman with ease.

"The two little guys Bing Xin and Lin Zhu said they captured the fire unicorn pill. I hope these Xuan Santian people don't cause more trouble, otherwise the prestige of our Poison Sect will spread again." The woman said to herself slightly muttered to himself.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After the woman finished speaking, she didn't hesitate, her speed was skyrocketing!

It's just that on the woman, a black and white fighting spirit slowly surrounded her!

If Elder Zhu was here, he would definitely find out that this woman is the Sect Master of the Poison Sect!

A true fighting immortal powerhouse!

Inside Xuanling City.

"Father, we are bound to get the fire qidan, why did you only send Sun Dalong there..." Inside a room, Sun Xiang said extremely dissatisfied.

If he got this fire qidan, then his father might be able to use the power of this fire qidan to break through to Dou Xian!

There is an unwritten rule in the entire Xuan Santian. Once a certain family has a strong fighting immortal, then this family will undoubtedly be able to instantly become one of the super sects!

This is the terrifying point of the Fighting Immortals!

"Haha, this Fire Qidan is a hot potato, we should not touch it."

"Send Sun Dalong just to temper him a little bit. This man is young and energetic, and there will be some defiant people who are hard to destroy."

"And according to the news I got, the people who are staring at this thing are the Tujia middle stage eight-star Doudi soil walker, and also the Dan Wang Chenxin and Wanjianmen people." After the Sun family master finished speaking, he looked at In the distance, I don't know what to think.

"Alas..." Sun Xiang heard the words, so he had no choice but to do it, and then quietly exited the room.

"Someone!" After a while, the head of the Sun family suddenly drank it.

"Patriarch." A powerful servant appeared instantly.

"Send someone to keep an eye on King Xuanling, notify me as soon as there is anything!" The head of the Sun family also said.

"Yes!" After the servant finished speaking, he just disappeared.

"I don't know why, but I always feel that this King Xuanling will make a big move..."

"Send a whole dragon-loving legion to surround and suppress the Medusa family..." After finishing speaking, the head of the Sun family sat down slowly without hesitation.

Among the natives.

"I don't know how Master Earthwalker is doing now..."

"Father sent him to **** the fire unicorn pill, I hope the master is safe." It was night, and in a room, Tu Lingyu was lying on the windowsill with his chin in his hands, staring slightly at the distance.

"Xiao Yan...he is really a rare opponent." After Tu Ling finished speaking, his cheeks couldn't help but turn red. Few people have come into his eyes for so many years, but this Xiao Yan undoubtedly made him quite satisfied.

Because regardless of strength or appearance, even the extremely picky earth spirit couldn't find any faults in Xiao Yan.

Inside the Xuanling royal family, in a rather luxurious room, Blood Rose sat cross-legged, a pair of perfectly symmetrical legs slightly crossed, revealing a very attractive arc.

"King Xuanling..."

"Isn't the Medusa family so easy to deal with, let alone the nine-colored sky-swallowing python from the royal family in the Medusa family."

"The people who dispatched the entire worship hall, this time let me see whether you want to lose everything or gain a lot."

Ask for tickets!