Chapter Vol 4 1435: Crossing the Beast Tribulation!

"The fourth beast robbery..." Xiao Yan murmured, his voice filled with oppression.

"I don't know how long Senior has been cultivating?" Suddenly, Xiao Yan suddenly asked.

"I have lived for seven thousand years since I was born." The Earth Demon Bear man also spoke slowly.

"Seven thousand years?"

"It is said that creatures such as soul beasts have to survive for more than 10,000 years to attract the first beast calamity. Why does the senior's life in seven thousand years lead to the fourth beast calamity..."

"That's not right..." Xiao Yan suddenly remembered what his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, said, and asked immediately.

"10,000 years of life corresponds to a beast catastrophe?"

"Where did you hear that?"

"The calamity of our soul beasts is divided according to strength and has nothing to do with the length of life." Seeing Xiao Yan suddenly asking such a strange question, the Earth Demon Bear explained.

"Isn't it..." Seeing the Earth Demon Bear rejecting, Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder, could it be that his uncle deceived him? But it shouldn't be...

"What is this guy doing..."

"By the way, how does this guy know that 10,000 years of life will lead to a beast catastrophe... But that is clearly not a beast catastrophe, because it is beyond the category of beast catastrophe, but a real reincarnation catastrophe..."

"Reincarnation Tribulation... That's the peak fluctuation that the Nine-Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse has only reached after the tempering of time..."

"Although I am only one step away from this realm, I don't know if I can take this step in this life." Seeing Xiao Yan suspiciously, the Soul Eater in the body couldn't help but muttered to himself.

However, the Soul Eater naturally does not know that this so-called guy who has experienced a catastrophe in his 10,000-year life is none other than the Golden Dragon King!

"How is it, how confident are you?" The next moment, the Earth Demon Bear asked Xiao Yan seriously.

"I have never experienced a beast calamity, but according to my current plan, I have a 30% certainty." Xiao Yan also did not intend to hide from the Earth Demon Bear and said directly.

"Three... 30%?" The Earth Demon Bear man's voice became sharp, and then he couldn't help trembling. Not to mention 30%, even if it was a 10% chance, the Earth Demon Bear must take a risk, otherwise he would miss Xiao Yan and the two of them. With help, it broke through alone, and as a result, it was only a way to fall.

"It's not bad, I can't guarantee it in high school." Xiao Yan couldn't help shaking his head when he saw the appearance of the Earth Demon Bear man.

"Okay!" Hearing this, the Earth Demon Bear couldn't help laughing, and his voice was filled with a rare gratification.

"Since that's the case, it's better to choose a day than to hit the sun, let's do it now." In the next moment, a tyrannical wave slowly emerged from the earth demon bear man.

"Is the space here bearable?" Xiao Yan asked. After all, this place is in the Tianming Mountains, so there are no other powerful people, and crossing the beast calamity is extremely dangerous, so naturally one should be vigilant.

"Don't worry, the space here is extremely special, but it is enough to withstand the fifth beast calamity." The earth demon bear man heard the words and spoke slowly.

"Let's start." Xiao Yan and Mu Ge looked at each other as soon as he finished speaking, and then said.

"Okay!" Hearing this, the Earth Demon Bear had no choice but to bite the bullet, otherwise it would drag on, without the help of Xiao Yan and the two of them, its winning rate in the tribulation would be in the true sense of death.

"Guru!" With a sound, the huge body of the Earth Demon Bear emerged, and then hovered on the edge of the basin.

"Take back your source power, trigger the beast calamity, and leave the rest... Leave it to us." Seeing the Earth Demon Bear hesitate, Xiao Yan said.

"En." The Earth Demon Bear glanced at Xiao Yan and the two of them, and immediately thought that they had their own soul imprints on them, so they didn't worry too much, and their bodies slowly descended down the basin, towards the power of the source sealed by the chains. And go.

"Weng Om!" The concave places around the basin were all paved with Feng Lingjing, so just as the Earth Demon Bear touched the crystal, a trace of terrifying imprisoning power emerged.

"With the sealing formation composed of these sealing spirit crystals, such a huge exclamation force, I am afraid it can resist a lot of power from the beast robbery."

"And the Emperor Realm soul clone in my body...it's also time to take action." Xiao Yan smiled slowly at the corner of his mouth.

The Emperor Realm Soul Avatar is an existence with exactly the same power as Xiao Yan, but both are prosperous and Xiao Yan hardly used it. After the Soul Power broke through the fairyland, Xiao Yan's control of Soul Power was at a higher level, so I wanted to try a new one. Fan, using the soul clone to absorb the beast robbery, will there be some mutation.

"Boom!" The Earth Demon Bear walked on the silver seal with difficulty. At that time, when his palm lightly touched the power of the source, traces of dark brown energy continued to disperse and slowly poured into the earth. Inside the Demon Bear.

At the same time, at the very top of this spirit formation, horrifying thunderclouds flickered, slowly emerging, and even the aura within the Earth Demon Bear instantly broke through the Three Star Dou Xian and reached the Four Star Dou Xian. At the level of immortals, the strength is still increasing with the growth of time.

"The fourth beast robbery..." Looking at the shocking thunderclouds in the sky, the Earth Demon Bear didn't have any joy in the return of strength, but a trace of solemnity emerged in its huge pupils!

Even if it is as strong as a four-star fighting immortal, if it can't take over this beast calamity, what awaits it will only be an irreversible fall.

"Now... what should I do!" The Earth Demon Bear couldn't help shouting at Xiao Yan. Right now, it can only pin its hopes on Xiao Yan. If Xiao Yan betrays his promise, the Earth Demon Bear will directly detonate its soul imprint. Everyone Fall together.

"Protect your heart, keep your heart."

"Leave the rest to me." Xiao Yan looked at the suffocating thundercloud in the sky, but did not have the slightest fear, and a strange smile slowly radiated from the corner of his mouth.

At this time, the thunderclouds above the formation are like the afterglow of the world, which is indifferent and irresistible, but the power is also quite happy. If it is successfully absorbed, I am afraid that my soul clone will undergo rare changes.

"This beast calamity is too dangerous... It's not something we can contend against, Xiao Yan, let's go!" Suddenly, the pastoral voice said solemnly, Xiao Yan at this time is enough to be a true genius above Eastern Continent, but Si Continent An indispensable member of the competition, and Mage will naturally not watch him fall like this.

"Don't worry, look at me."

"Although this thunder power is tyrannical, it is just right for me now!" Xiao Yan's pupils became hot.

"This kid...what is he doing?" The power in the Earth Demon Bear's body soared and became more and more tyrannical The thunderclouds above the formation were also more and more staggering.

"Come out!" After a while, Xiao Yan slowly waved his hand, and suddenly a fiery red big heavenly seed emerged gently, turning into a scorching sun and slowly haunting him like a purgatory.

"That's not enough!"

"bring it on!"

"Friend!" An angry roar sounded, and in front of Xiao Yan, a milky white body slowly emerged.

"Two Xiao Yan?"

"And the breath and even the strength... are exactly the same..."

"How is this possible?" After a few breaths, after looking at the body Xiao Yan and the milky white Xiao Yan surrounded by fiery red below, a shock slowly emerged in the pupils of the Earth Demon Bear!

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!