Chapter 119: training!

?? After confirming that they had left, Xiao Yan also wrapped his own cabin with soul power, and then gently stroked the ring on his finger.

"Hehehe." The Golden Dragon King also suddenly floated out in front of Xiao Yan.

"Master, what is going on with this Emperor Realm soul?" Xiao Yan was also very surprised.

"I knew you had doubts, but it's not easy for me to show up in the battle just now. After all, some extremely obscure breaths are still hidden in the dark, and if I show up, it will only confuse you." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.

"Extremely obscure aura?" Hearing that, Xiao Yan also frowned slightly. Although he did not know the true strength of his master, the Golden Dragon King, if he could be made into an obscure aura, then it was definitely not something he could fight against now. Yueyu Five-Star Doudi's strength is also not seen in the Golden Dragon King's eyes.

"You don't need to worry about the rest, now you're just waiting for you to give the little girl in Qingyuan the Guben Peiyuan Pill, and then quietly waiting for the people from Xuan Santian to come here to pick them up, or leave here, otherwise the Wucheng It seems to have other thoughts about you." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"As for the soul of the Emperor Realm, you can use your soul power to sense and command, and you will naturally condense a clone that is exactly the same as you. The clone's strength and aura are exactly the same as yours. Unless someone else's soul power is stronger than you, you will be surrounded by other people's six-star battle. It is impossible to discover the strength of the emperor."

"Although you can condense your avatar when you reach the emperor's realm, this Doudi Continent is an upper plane after all, so it has a certain degree of suppression of Dou Qi, so at least you have to reach the emperor's mortal rank as you are before you can display it."

"This emperor's soul clone can sometimes save your life, but both of you are prosperous. If you are injured, your soul clone will not be injured, but if you cast your soul clone, once the soul clone is injured, it will feed back to you." Jinlong Wang also spoke slowly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also overjoyed. A clone with exactly the same aura and even the same strength as himself is a priceless treasure!

Although it is said that the two of them have a prosperous relationship, this soul avatar can have unexpected effects at critical moments.

This seems to be his own trump card.

"Okay, you should take the medicine pill to restore your vindictive energy and soul power. You have just finished refining the medicine pill and then you have to fight again."

"Wait for your reply, then go to work on Qing Yuan, otherwise it's not good to delay it again and again." The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan is also aware of the good intentions of his master Jinlong King. After all, the foreign evil clan is very powerful. If he does not work hard, it is not enough to blindly rely on the power of his master Jinlong King, so his own master Jinlong is also The situation has to be a last resort, otherwise it is usually a secret observation.

With a plan, Xiao Yan took out a purple elixir.

The purple elixir is called "Fire Lotus Pill".

As the name suggests, the fire lotus pill has a strong effect on the fire attribute fighting qi, and even has the mysterious effect of nourishing the soul.

After swallowing the medicinal pill, a fiery sensation suddenly erupted from the lower abdomen, and immediately turned into one after another fiery tributaries, surging into the meridians in the body, because of the temperature of the heat flow, In the end, it turned out that some faint purple energy appeared in the meridians.

The temperature of the heat flow gradually became hot as the speed of the burning art in Xiao Yan's body intensified, so that with each lap, the small wounds on Xiao Yan's body slowly healed.

The pure medicinal power transformed by the purple fire lotus pills is also extremely effective. With the faint fiery purple gas infiltrating the meridians and finally circling in the body, Xiao Yan can clearly feel that certain parts of the body are in the body. , a hidden powerful energy, as if the ice layer was melted by the heat, and finally revealed. It seems that this should be the medicinal power accumulated in the body of the medicinal pills taken before...

Those accumulated medicinal power, evaporated by the fiery purple gas, also turned into a light mist of energy, rising slowly, and when they encountered the meridians on the way, they adhered to it, melted quietly and entered, and circulated along the meridians, and finally It was transformed into a stream of pure energy, which was poured into the high-speed rotating Fen Jue in Xiao Yan's body, and after receiving the pure energy, the somewhat bleak Fen Jue was originally due to excessive consumption. Once again, a faint light radiated, illuminating the entire wooden house.

However, it was also Xin Hao and Xiao Yan who had wrapped the wooden house with soul power before, so it didn't look any different from the outside.

There was some energy mist around Xiao Yan, and the bones and cells in the body were also attached to it. For this extremely pure energy, the bones and cells in the body seemed to become a lot more greedy, and they quickly swallowed up at a speed that was invisible to the naked eye. Relying on the energy mist coming up, and after swallowing this energy, Xiao Yan could clearly feel that the bones, muscles, cells, etc., which were slightly damaged by the soul power spent in refining the medicinal pills and the battle, were rapidly increasing. is being repaired against peak condition.

Feeling the gradually filling Fen Jue, Xiao Yan breathed a sigh of relief in his heart, sinking his mind again, exerting all his strength to control the energy mist that overflowed his body, gather them together, and finally converge into a turbulent energy flow After completing a cycle in the body, it continuously pours into his limbs, and for these continuous infusions of energy, Xiao Yan's limbs are like a bottomless pit, no matter how huge the energy is, it is All comers are welcome...

The previous fire lotus pill, perhaps only the ninth rank, played a role like an introduction, activating all the medicinal power accumulated in Xiao Yan's body during the days of yin and yang Then, with the help of this huge energy, he can quickly repair Xiao Yan's injured body. This way of using strength to heal, I am afraid that even Bai Su would not be able to do it so easily.

The energy mist within the body continued to rise from all parts of the body. If anyone could look at Xiao Yan's body through his skin at this time, he would be shocked to see the mist covered his body, and even the internal organs in his body. , are completely covered by the dense energy mist.

It was naturally impossible for Xiao Yan to take care of such a huge energy mist. Therefore, some fish that slipped through the net just wandered around in the body.

For a time, the bones, muscles, etc. in Xiao Yan's body almost suddenly had his own intelligence, and he frantically used various ways to mist the floating energy. swallowed up...

Although swallowing like this made Xiao Yan clearly feel that his body became stronger and stronger, but bones, muscles and internal organs, which require hard work to increase their capacity, have their own limits. Beyond that limit, I am afraid there will be a terrifying end of disintegration.

As long as he thinks of the bones or internal organs in his body, and the consequences of a few cracks suddenly cracking, Xiao Yan shudders.

"Don't worry, the remaining force is absorbed by the skeletal muscles."

"Don't underestimate your peak body as a three-star Dou Di." The Golden Dragon King said as if he was aware of Xiao Yan's thoughts.

After all the energy mist on Xiao Yan's body was absorbed, Xiao Yan's slightly pale purple skin suddenly lightened, and his handsome face finally relaxed.

This chapter is an addition to this week's monthly pass! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: