Chapter Vol 4 1094: Sacrifice, I just want you to live!

"asshole!"

"Get away from me!" At this moment, the Master of Soul Eater was also furious, and the aura outside his body suddenly shook, instantly knocking Xuan Cang back, and then he swiftly left towards Xiao Yan.

"Senior, I beg you to save him!" The air mass of the Soul Eater had just arrived at Xiao Yan's side, and Cai Lin immediately grabbed the air mass and said in tears.

"I'll take a look!" The Soul Eater also knew the importance of the matter, and immediately bypassed the second daughter, squatted down and wrapped Xiao Yan with his own strength.

"Senior, how is it?" After a few breaths, the power of the Soul Eater Lord's wrapping Xiao Yan slowly disappeared, and the two girls couldn't help asking.

"Ah...difficult."

"Just now, King Xuanling's attack was called the Chain of Hunting Flames, and it was specifically aimed at Saint Yan, but Xiao Yan blocked a blow for you, and his heart was completely smashed by the Chain of Hunting Flames."

"And the vitality in the body has now been exhausted, and the power of the soul has begun to flow away." The Lord of Soul Eater said sadly.

If Xuan Cang hadn't stopped him carelessly just now, Xiao Yan would never have let this happen!

"Senior, isn't there anything I can do?" Mu Yingying asked unrelentingly.

"There is only one way now."

"You use the power of holy flame to burn Xiao Yan's body to retain his soul power. I will take his soul power to the ghost world."

"In this case, there is still a chance of life." Soul Eater's eyes flashed a hint of helplessness, and then said.

"Burning the body... the power of the soul..." Cai Lin also seemed to have sensed something. She desperately hugged Xiao Yan's body and couldn't help muttering.

"Xiao Yan, I won't let you die."

"Even if it is exchanged for my death, I will not let you die."

"They said that my blood is the blood of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, which possesses supreme power. Drink it."

"I beg you...Drink!" Cai Lin also growled even more, tearing his wrists to pieces, and a trace of brilliant blood dripped directly on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, but Xiao Yan still didn't help.

"do not do that."

"Recklessly using the blood power of the Ten-colored Sky Swallowing Python will cause immeasurable damage to yourself." The Soul Eater shed a trace of strength and directly stopped Cailin's excessive behavior.

"asshole!"

"You let me go!"

"He's going to die, so what about the powerful force?" Cai Lin couldn't help roaring when he saw that his wrist was stopped by Soul Eater.

"I use the power of holy flame to burn his body, can I really leave his soul power behind?" And Mu Yingying on the side also asked slightly.

"OK fine!"

"Hurry up, otherwise, after a while, there will be no chance." And the Lord of Soul Eater also said.

"Mu Yingying, you dare!" But when Mu Yingying was just about to start, Cai Lin roared.

"Sister Cailin, I..." Mu Yingying was called by Cailin, and then she stopped.

"Senior, at this time, are you still hiding something from us?" Cai Lin vaguely felt that the Lord of Soul Eater seemed to have something to hide from them, and said directly with a weeping voice.

"If you burn his body, of course you can retain his soul power and have a chance of life, but he will be resurrected in the future, and he will not have any memory about you!" The Lord of Soul Eater was slightly surprised when he heard this. , then speak out.

"How could this be..." When Mu Yingying heard the words, she fell into a sluggishness and directness.

"Yingying, I beg you to save him." When Cailin heard this, her heart suddenly trembled, and then she looked at Mu Yingying and said.

"Hurry up and make a decision. My power won't last long. If he waits until his soul power completely disappears, I'm afraid he will be weak." The Soul Eater noticed Xiao Yan's rapid loss of soul power, and couldn't help but said.

"Yes." Mu Yingying agreed softly, and then walked in front of Yan Chi.

"Brother, thank you for taking care of me since I was a child."

"You have always been the most powerful brother in Yingying's mind."

"But this time, Yingying may not be able to accompany you back."

"Anyway, you have tolerated my willfulness so many times, so let me be willful one last time." But Mu Yingying spoke slowly to Yan Chi.

"Could it be..." Although Yanchi felt sympathy for Xiao Yan, in the final analysis, her resentment towards humans kept Yanchi sane. Seeing Mu Yingying speak like this, she couldn't help but have a crazy idea in her heart.

"Brother, thank you." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, an azure flame radiated from her whole body, and then she stepped back slightly and walked towards Xiao Yan.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Mu Yingying!"

"You dare!!!" And Yan Chi noticed this scene and couldn't help roaring, his pupils were filled with a kind of madness.

"Brother, you always told me before that the human world is wonderful."

"Humans not only possess extremely high intelligence, but even have something that our holy flames have never had in their entire lives."

"Love."

"I used to often ask you what love is, but now, I may have found it." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, an azure-blue holy flame crystal suddenly appeared on the palm of her hand, and then she attached to Xiao Yan slightly.

"Mu Yingying!"

"You will die like this!"

"Is it worth it for a human being?" Yanchi didn't understand human emotions at all, but if Mu Yingying did that, she would disappear completely and die completely. Yanchi obviously didn't want to see that scene.

"But... I just want him... to be alive." Mu Yingying finished softly, and then the azure-blue holy flame crystal on the palm of her hand was gently squeezed and suddenly shattered.

"Sister Cailin, if possible, I hope you will never tell Xiao Yan about what to do next." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, her delicate body flashed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Sacred Flame Spirit, I have suffered you." And the Holy Flame Crystal had just broken, and the Holy Flame Spirit entrusted in Mu Yingying's body was also weak and was about to fall.

"Maybe this is life."

"Your choice is our common choice." This time, the Holy Flame Spirit didn't refute Mu Yingying, and said something in her body.

"Thank you." Mu Yingying also smiled happily and said.

"Okay, gathering the strength of the two of us should allow him to be reborn." The Spirit of Holy Flame opened his mouth.

"let's start."

"Yeah." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, the spirit of the holy flame disappeared, instantly turning into a pool of azure-blue liquid, slowly appearing in Mu Yingying's palm Xiao Yan, I just want to I want you to live. ” And Mu Yingying scattered the just broken Saint Flame Crystal directly to the big hole in Xiao Yan’s chest, the blue liquid also paved the way, and the beautiful eyes smiled slightly.

"In the name of the 22nd place on my holy flame list, the ethereal ice flame!"

"With my blood!"

"With my soul!"

"With my power!"

"Sacrifice!" At this moment, Mu Yingying smiled brightly. As soon as she finished speaking, her entire body became illusory. At the last moment, her entire body actually burned, and it turned into a blue flame in a short while. Under his gaze, he crashed into the big hole in Xiao Yan's chest.

"Shabu!" With Mu Yingying's actions like this, Xiao Yan's exhausted body suddenly took a slight breath, slowly flowed blood, and even had a faint heart beating sound, and was strong and healthy. The force began to beat, and the power that was almost exhausted in the body, also at the same moment, began to show a geometric sprint, skyrocketing!

Still coding, it will be late

The holy flame that has appeared now

Rank 35 Fire Heart Tianyan

24 Ghost Face and Soul Flame

22 Ethereal Ice Flame

And the guardian of the Xiao clan who appeared at the beginning

23 The dark blue and the cold

Yan Chi is ranked 21

If you have any good ideas you can come up with, I will take a good look at them, and I will release them all after some time on the Shengyan Ranking.