Chapter 233: Repair the blood spirit ice liquid!

"How could it be a semi-finished product..." Xiao Yan said in a slightly lost voice, and then stared at the transparent liquid with a corner in the blood-red liquid.

The huge soul force seems to have discovered the problem...

Seeing Xiao Yan instantly energized, the Golden Dragon King nodded in relief.

"Obviously it's still a little warmer..."

"If the water is completely blood-red, then the white light spot in the center of the water will also hatch, and then it will be the real blood spirit ice liquid." The Golden Dragon King also said to the point.

"Master, the white light spot in the center of this water is caused by the resentment of the dead..." Xiao Yan also slightly discovered the extremely terrifying low temperature in the water, but with the spread of soul power, Xiao Yan also I felt a sense of resentment from this blood-red water...

"Well, yes, the half-finished blood spirit ice liquid has not been completely dyed red by blood, so the spirit of resentment in the center has not appeared..."

"When the water liquid is completely transformed into blood red, the white light spot in the center will also turn into a spirit of resentment. Only then can the water liquid be regarded as a real blood spirit ice liquid." The Golden Dragon King also smiled. Obviously, this little Yanzi was not lost by what was in front of him, and found the problem. Such a character was quite appreciated by the Golden Dragon King.

"Um……"

"Is it extremely cold..."

"I don't know if my extreme heat can..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

"Try it if you want." The Golden Dragon King also encouraged.

"Hmm." Seeing the encouragement of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan also cheered up.

Water and fire have been incompatible since ancient times. Although Xiao Yan knew this, the flame in Xiao Yan’s body was uncontrollably eager to try the water in front of him, as if it were a magnetic force!

"I hope it's useful..."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the Burning Jue in his body started to run in an instant, and then the source of the terrifying strange fire also appeared in Xiao Yan's hands.

A small flame slowly stood in Xiao Yan's hands. Although the flame was small, the center of the flame slowly emitted twenty-three dazzling colors, and even the air at the bottom of the well could not help drying.

"go!"

The dark brown pupils stared at that corner of the colorless and transparent water, and controlled the flame in his hand!

As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the flame in his palm was like a beating flame spirit, happily flying towards the colorless and transparent water.

"Puff puff!"

The flame just came into contact with the colorless and transparent water, and the blood-red water next to it suddenly burst into a monstrous cold, trying to resist the terrifying temperature of the flame.

"Use just to make just..." The Golden Dragon King also laughed. For this semi-finished blood spirit ice liquid, the Golden Dragon King naturally has other simpler methods, but the Golden Dragon King is also afraid of helping Xiao Yan too much. , I didn't say it, but looking at it, even if I didn't say it, Xiao Yanzi still had a solution.

"Squeak!"

The terrifying high temperature of the flame and the terrifying low temperature of the water merged together, and a monstrous momentum suddenly erupted, and bursts of white smoke also appeared at the bottom of the well.

"It's possible!"

Xiao Yan was also afraid that this would have no effect, but after seeing the constant resistance of the flames and blood-red water, the colorless and transparent water, Night Soul, slowly changed color...

Seeing that his method was effective, Xiao Yan also increased his flame power, but the strange thing is that no matter how terrifyingly high temperature his flame power is, these water liquids have not been mentioned as weak, so there is no need to evaporated.

"Haha, it really deserves to be the blood spirit ice liquid..."

"But I want to see how long you can last!" Xiao Yan also said firmly, obviously determined to fight this water to the end!

"After waiting for a while, we can gather spirits for this blood spirit ice liquid." The Golden Dragon King's voice also sounded, and he smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Well, let's see how long this semi-finished blood spirit ice liquid can last." After speaking, he closed his eyes and focused on controlling the flame.

"Cough, cough, what are these things..." Mu Feng also coughed violently, because a stream of white gas kept floating up from the bottom of the well, which made Mu Feng and Yue Ru go down quite a bit. I was puzzled and worried that Xiao Yan had encountered some danger.

"This white gas seems to be weird..." Mu Feng also just came into contact with the white gas, and when he came out to cough, the first feeling was that an extremely terrifying cold spread throughout his body.

"Yin-yang gossip, the universe is thrown, condensate!" Mu Feng also quickly read the formula in his mouth, and then spread the wooden sword in his hand.

The space in the well was not large enough to allow Mu Feng to wield the wooden sword, but Mu Feng still displayed it. After Mu Feng finished reciting his handprints and formulas, a powerful aura came from above the wooden sword, and then Which white gas was forced by Mu Feng to the edge of the wellhead.

"Speed ​​up." Yueru also said slightly.

Mu Feng took the lead, going down first, and then Yue Ru followed. The distance between the two was not far, and the controlled descent speed made it easier for the two to communicate.

"Um……"

"It seems that there are people here besides us." Deep in the ghost town, the human-like Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger also said.

"Huh?" Mu Yingyingbei bit her lip and let out a surprise with her snort.

"The aura on your body seems to be somewhat similar to yours, the fire attribute flame energy is extremely strong..." Heavenly Fire Holy Flame tried his best to condense and speak from afar.

"Oh, that's really interesting..." After speaking, Mu Yingying's slender beautiful eyes moved.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Why can't I open it here..." Mu Yingying opened her lips slightly, staring at the giant black doorway in front of her.

"My little ancestor, behind this giant black gate is the seal of the twin ghost emperors, we can't go there..." Tianhuo Shengyan also said.

"But I always feel that there is something good behind this giant black gate..." Mu Yingying also said stubbornly Obviously she doesn't want to give up.

"Little ancestors, since they have come, but the strength of the twin ghost emperors is extremely terrifying, and it is not wasteful to deal with the two of us, so we should not waste our efforts." Tianhuo Shenghu also said.

"I don't care, I just want to enter!" Mu Yingying's voice suddenly increased by a few decibels. After speaking, blue flames appeared all over her body instantly, and then her pink fists were clenched tightly, facing the giant black door. Attacked fiercely.

"Boom boom boom!"

The seemingly pink fist shadow contained terrifying power, but when it touched the black giant gate, a wave of space ripples appeared, and Mu Yingying's attack was absorbed immediately, and then Zaidu returned to calm.

"What the **** is this!" Mu Yingying also bit her lips slightly and said quite angrily.

"Forget it, little ancestor, I will take you to another place, where there are a lot of good things." Tianhuo Shenghu also said diligently.

"Let's go, if you don't have anything good, be careful and I'll beat you up." After speaking, he waved his pink fist and left with the Heavenly Fire Holy Flame.

"Cough, cough, cough!"

He coughed violently, and a mouthful of blood spurted out instantly.

"Sister Snake, are you alright?" a rather childish man asked.

"I'm fine."

"We must find Xiao Yan!" The person known as Sister Little Snake wiped the blood from his mouth, and then walked towards the ghost town where Xiao Yan was.

Ask for tickets!