Chapter Vol 4 1459: The 11th Town Demon Prison, Poison Brake!

After a night of silence, it was the second day in the blink of an eye.

The morning glow scattered over Tianming Villa, which also heralded the arrival of a new day.

"Hoohoo."

"Morning everyone." On this day, the people of Dongzhou Forging Knife Thunder Valley, the Yu family sisters, Liu Qing, Duo Qifei Muge and other core disciples all began to gather early.

"Where's Xiao Yan?" As everyone gathered in the hall, they suddenly realized that Xiao Yan was the only one missing, so Yun Qidai asked with a slight wrinkle.

"I'll go and call him." Duo Qifei glanced around and found that only Xiao Yan didn't come, and immediately laughed.

"Hey, it's not too late, right?" In an instant, Duo Qifei just opened his legs and was about to leave the hall to look for Xiao Yan, when Xiao Yan suddenly pushed in from the hall door, but behind him, it seemed that he was still following him. An unfamiliar figure.

"Oh... who is this?" Du Tianhong, who was sitting in the first place, just saw the man behind Xiao Yan, and his eyes narrowed. Obviously, he felt a strange aura from this man.

"This is my brother, Xiao Gui."

"Xiao Gui, come here and say hello to everyone." Xiao Yan slapped Xiao Gui with his hand and immediately smiled at everyone.

Since Xiao Gui was brought back to his residence by Xiao Yan, he has been taught a lot of common sense by Xiao Yan, and with the peak power of Soul Eater, Xiao Gui's aura and appearance have changed a lot, unless The strength exceeds that of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, otherwise, the identity of Xiao Gui's combination of human and ghost will not be found, so Xiao Yan is also at ease to take him with him.

When everyone heard the words, they nodded with a smile, but this Xiao Gui's strength had reached the middle stage of the Three Star Dou Xian, which made everyone gasp. , other people, it is only the initial stage of Samsung Dou Xian or even lower.

"Since everyone has arrived, let's go." After a while, Duo Tianhong also smiled at the crowd.

"Dongzhou will win." Suddenly, everyone together with the enemy slowly stacked their palms together, making a rather bright sound.

The strength of Dongzhou ranks third, and most of its disciples are only the strength of the early three-star fighting immortal, while the lowest Nanzhou is basically a two-star fighting immortal. It is more complete and strong.

Sifang City exists around Tianming Mountain Villa, so at this time, many strengths of Sifang City are heading towards Tianming Mountain Villa in the center. There, the rules of this competition and the passage to enter the competition ground will be announced.

Tianming Square, this is a huge square, with a huge area of ​​several thousand meters. At the beginning of every four continents competition, the rules will be announced again. This day, it is only morning, and it is already here. Overcrowded.

"It's really lively." The people in Dongzhou had just arrived here, and they couldn't help but sighed when they saw the crowd of people.

"Let's go here." Duan Tianhong looked at the center of the square with a smile on his face. At the center of the square, dozens of seats were slowly placed, while Duan Tianhong led a group of disciples, passed through the crowd, and faced the center. go.

"Squeeze what!" Xiao Yan went from the periphery to the center, and naturally received many complaints from the strong.

"It turned out to be the owner of Dongzhou Valley Forging, please come in." Immediately, the soldiers who were in charge of vigilance immediately separated the crowd, and then brought Xiao Yan and the others to the center seat.

"Yuanzong?"

"Xiyun Pavilion?" Xiao Yan and everyone just came to the seat and sat down, and suddenly saw Yuan Zong, who was quite familiar, and Xiyun Pavilion, who had some grievances.

"Ha ha……"

"Are you all in a hurry?" Suddenly, as more and more figures slowly arrived, in the center of the square, a white-haired old man slowly walked out.

"This old man seems a little familiar, is it the one outside the Medicine Pavilion?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered in his heart.

"This old man is one of the few veterans in Tianming Villa. He controls a lot of power, and it is said that he is also the manager of some special places. Although his strength is similar to mine, if he really fights, I am afraid that the outcome will be lost. It's hard to say." Duan Tianhong said.

"So strong..." Everyone nodded slightly when they heard the words.

"Everyone, welcome to Tianming Villa." In an instant, a dazzling light burst out from the old man's body. At that time, the whole person rose into the air, and the bright voice resounded throughout the square like a bell.

"Weng Om!" Following Tian Lao's actions, the place suddenly became quiet, and the eyes of countless powerhouses were all staring at the old man above the sky.

"Thanks to the trust of the owner, the old man will be the head of this competition."

"This Four Continents Contest... is mainly based on the experience of Suppressing Demons." The next moment, the corner of Tian Lao's mouth wriggled slightly, and then a dangerous arc appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"what?"

"Suppressing Demon Prison?"

"It is said that in the entire Great Thousand World, there are only 17 Demon Suppression Prisons, and all of them seal the real powerhouses among the evil races outside the territory. This four continents competition allows us to enter them. Will this be too dangerous? ?" Tian Lao's voice just fell, causing a shocking panic.

Needless to say, the terror of the Demon Suppression Prison is clear to them all.

"Suppressing the Demon Prison?" Xiao Yan immediately frowned when he heard the words, obviously a little startled by the words of the old man.

"The location of this competition is the Demon Suppression Prison sealed and suppressed by our Tianming Villa."

"The Demon Suppression Prison in our Tianming Villa is the eleventh Demon Suppression Prison, and it is titled Poisonous Temple."

"It is the king of the foreign evil clan whose strength is as high as the 'Emperor' level powerhouse among the foreign evil clan." The next moment, Tian Lao Zaidu opened his mouth, and his voice was full of endless majesty.

"Emperor...Emperor level?"

"Enough to be comparable to a human six-star fighting immortal powerhouse?" At that time, Duo Qifei couldn't help but flicker with her beautiful eyes. Obviously, even the half-emperor-level five-star fighting immortal alien race that invaded Dongzhou beforeIf it weren't for the existence of his own father, I am afraid that Dongzhou would have been ruined, and now this real emperor-level powerhouse, the strength is as high as six-star fighting immortals, this is the real evil king.

"Hey, you don't have to worry."

"There are many evil creatures of the evil race from outside the territory in the Poison Temple Suppression Demon Prison, and this time, the main purpose of this experience is to kill evil creatures. As for the emperor-level powerhouses, they are perfectly suppressed by seals, so everyone no need to worry."

"And this time, the experience of the Poison Temple Town Demon Prison is carried out in the form of points. The points can be obtained by killing the corresponding foreign evil creatures. The points corresponding to the three levels of Tiandi Zun are different..."

"In addition, it can also be obtained by plundering other people's point cards... provided you have that strength."

"And the top ten of the points experience this time were directly recommended to Li Hunyu." In an instant, Tian Lao's eyes became gloomy. Obviously, the method of the four continents competition this time is very different from the past.

"Suppressing Demon Prison Points Experience... Interesting." As the voice of Tian Lao fell, the disciples below suddenly became hot.