Chapter Vol 4 1992: Find the ancient prison location!

Along with Xiao Yan's time in seclusion and training as a battle formation master, many things happened in the ancient world, the gray barrier above the sky, and the entire ancient world.

Originally, in the ancient world, both the energy of heaven and earth and the purity of the air were obvious to all, but since what happened to the ancients, the energy of heaven and earth has become thinner, and even the air that has always been clear and pure has become turbid. If you grab it in the void, you can see that there is some kind of strange substance in the turbid air.

In the vast territory that stretches for thousands of miles in the ancient world, this is a rather vast grassland. The lush vegetation is full of vitality, but beneath this vitality is a gloomy aura that is hard to detect by ordinary people. When mortals smell it, they can't help trembling all over, which is quite strange.

And somewhere in the dark corner of this grassland, a magnificent palace stands tall.

The huge palace as a whole is paved with countless white boulders. On the white boulder square, there are only two stone pillars that cover the sky completely.

As for the so-called palace, to put it bluntly, it is just a huge stone square. There are two stone pillars in the square, but the center of the square is slightly raised, which seems to be connected to a space somewhere, which is quite strange.

"Chichi!" A slight breeze blew, and suddenly a violent distortion hit the boulder square. After a while, a figure suddenly appeared on the raised platform, but the overall look was quite strange.

"Susu...In some time, I am afraid that the master's plan will be successful." The man who appeared was covered in a black robe, but there was a faint light on his body, giving a rather gloomy feeling. , that kind of aura is by no means a ghostly aura that can be possessed, even if he tries his best to suppress it, he can't cover up the outrageous stench.

"Forget it, let's get down to business." After some muttering, the figure in the black robe flashed and walked directly towards the vassal race city.

This guy is definitely not a foreign evil race.

"It seems that this is probably the entrance to the ancient prison, just the guy just now?" As the man with the strange figure disappeared, a piece of land on the grassland suddenly wriggled, and the two figures came to the boulder square and whispered. .

The two are Gu Li and Gu Qingkong!

During Xiao Yan's retreat, these two guys also mobilized all the resources they could use in order to find this mysterious ancient prison. Fortunately, the hard work paid off, and finally the two found it. A trace of hidden traces.

"It's not appropriate to scare the snake." Seeing Gu Li's fighting spirit surging all over his body, I was afraid that he was about to chase after the figure just now. Gu Qingkong stretched out his arm, stopped the latter, and shook his head.

"Okay." Seeing this, Gu Li frowned, and his eyes returned to the huge boulder square at his feet. With his perception, it was naturally not difficult to see the strangeness here, even a trace of terrifying aura. They are all slightly disappointed.

That kind of breath is definitely not possessed by the ancient clansmen. I am afraid it is some right and wrong. The reason why the ancient clan has become like this may be inseparable from this kind of power.

"It seems that this is the entrance to the ancient prison." Gu Qingkong glanced away slightly, but after a glance, he found nothing, and suddenly shook his head slowly.

"What is this?" Just when Gu Qingkong found nothing, Gu Li grabbed at the void, and a trace of black air emerged.

That black gas was like an earthworm, and just after being caught by Gu Li, a monstrous evil aura burst out, trying to penetrate Gu Li's body and devour his power!

"Be careful!" Gu Qingkong contacted him, shouted in a hurry, and the resplendent Dou Qi directly burned and attacked him.

"Xuuuu." With a sound, the black gas disappeared, and the entire boulder square was quiet.

At the end of the line of sight, there are two stone pillars on the boulder square facing each other, and the only uplifted block in the square is also standing horizontally in the center of the stone pillar.

"What special token should I need to enter the ancient prison... And there may be some terrifying creatures in this ancient prison. Even if I sense it with my power, I can't help but feel a wave of heart palpitations."

"In addition to the extremely evil black air just now, I suspect..." Gu Li slowly stared at the abnormality above the boulder square and spoke softly.

If they had achieved the power of the eight-star fighting immortal middle stage, they would feel a little uneasy, and the two of them were also quite uneasy when this heavy responsibility was handed over to Xiao Yan.

"Let's go, we can only go back and think about this matter in the long run." Gu Qingkong repeatedly probed the surrounding area dozens of times, but still found nothing, he jumped and took Gu Li back to the city.

"Is it an illusion?" The two had not left for a long time, and the black-robed figure who had appeared before appeared, and behind him, a number of walking corpses lined up behind him.

"Forget it, anyway, once the master's plan is successful, this Douyun Continent will be within easy reach."

"The only thing I'm worried about now is the Holy Maiden and the Holy See in the Holy Land of the Ancient Clan. I hope these guys don't ruin our good deeds." The black-robed figure immediately waved his hand, and several figures behind him disappeared at the same time, turning into a wipe together. The brilliance was injected into the uplifted plot, but this is obviously just a similar space passage, but the real ancient prison is not there.

"What's going on?" Gu Li hurriedly asked when he just returned to the city hall. If he was given some time, I'm afraid he would be enough to crack the mystery above the boulder square.

"No problem, it's just that this matter needs to be discussed from a long-term perspective, and should not be reckless." Gu Qingkong's sense of smell is much more arrogant than Gu Li. Obviously, he will not explain the situation to Gu Li, and can only be confused.

"Now I know where the entrance to the ancient prison is, but I can't open the passage to enter it..." Gu Li nodded lightly, and was at a loss for a while. In the face of this situation, his eight-star fighting immortal power turned out to have no room to use~www .mtlnovel.com~ Waiting for Xiao Yan to go out, I am afraid I have to ask him for this. "Gu Qingkong rolled his eyes, as if he had thought of a better candidate.

"His strength is too weak, will it be unsafe?"

"After all, the power contained in that black air, if you guessed correctly..." Gu Li worried.

Because of the traces of aura left on the boulder square just now, even he was slightly afraid. Xiao Yan's middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals might not be able to protect himself if he entered it.

"Do we still have a choice?" Gu Qingkong shook his head.

"Hey..." Seeing this, Gu Li could only sigh Wuji, things had exceeded their expectations by too much, they originally thought that the ancient clan was just a closed clan for cultivating saintesses, but now it seems that they are all big Wrong.

"Hehe, you are too underestimated by this guy." Gu Qingkong pretended to be mysterious.

The breath of their ancient powerhouses is recorded by the ancients elders, and every shot will cause others to notice, so only a foreign powerhouse like Xiao Yan has a chance. Terrible.

"Xiao Yan, you have to hurry up, there is not much time left for you." Gu Qingkong looked at the endless void, and said slowly, there was a strange oppression in his voice.

Because the smell in the black air was clearly the smell of the evil race from outside the realm!

That is to say, I am afraid that the foreign evil races that are hated by the Great Thousand Worlds are now quietly dormant in the core of their ancient world?

Or even lived with them for decades?

Thinking of this, with Gu Qingkong's concentration, goosebumps stood up all over his body.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: