Chapter Vol 4 1692: Just around the corner!

Under the court of justice, there is a region called Tianyuan Mountains.

This is a rather vast mountain range. The mountain range is full of spirit beasts, and the vegetation is full of vegetation. It is an excellent hiding place.

"Where's my king?" At this time, a road has been cleared in this mountain range. On both sides of the road, countless milky white halos surround it. If you look closely, it turns out that there are hundreds of strong men standing side by side, guarding the road. On the other side, the dazzling fluctuations and milky white halo on these powerhouses clearly symbolize their strength.

This mountain range has been completely occupied by the demons of light, as their base camp, and some guards with such profound knowledge and strength, even the eight-star fighting immortals would not dare to break through.

"The king is at the top of the mountain, what's the matter?" At the end of the mountain, a demon guard general said.

Taking a closer look, this is the appearance of a woman. Her indifferent eyes are a little cold, and her small nose and cherry-like lips make people want to pounce on it. The tight black shorts make her body look bumpy. There is a reason, but Rao is so, but no one dares to be rude to him.

Because of the fundamental reason, this woman is a god-like existence in the demon army. This woman is the real right and left hand of the demon of light, the left wing of the demon, Yun Ji.

Regardless of strength or status, among the Demon Guards, there is one person under ten thousand people, and the strength has reached the strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"Lord Yunji, Feng Tian, ​​the leader of the third demon regiment, has something important." The visitor said hurriedly, his sturdy body contained terrifying power, but his brows were furrowed at this time, obviously there was something important. thing.

"Let's go." The two looked at each other, and immediately Yun Ji took him over the heavy guards and walked towards the top of the mountain.

On the top of the mountain, this is an elegant pavilion. Above the pavilion, a slender lady is slowly taking a seat, her hand is playing the piano, and she looks like a lady.

The woman who played the piano, with her cheeks slightly tilted towards the lake outside the pavilion, was slender, with long hair draped over her vest, with a red ribbon gently holding it in between. There is a faint milky white halo behind it, like a fairy in the clouds.

And beside him, there is also a beautiful woman, standing slightly beside him, only to see a delicate melon face on the snow-white cheeks, her eyes are curved like a bright moon, and her phoenix eyes are sad, she is also a very beautiful person. woman.

The right wing of the devil, Ru Tong.

"Wang, your piano skills are getting better and better now." Ru Tong got up slightly, looked at the woman in white in front of him and said.

"I didn't know what the song meant when I first heard it, but I'm already playing the song." The woman in white stroked the piano lightly, then stood up and said.

When the woman turned around, she saw that this woman was Fang Dang Shaoling, her skin was as beautiful as snow, and she was incomparably beautiful.

"Wang don't need to care, now our army of demon guards has forced Li Soul Territory to retreat, as long as the strong soul eater shows up, it will be a real showdown, and the king will be able to know his news at that time. ." Ru Tong heard the words and said.

"Bang bang bang!" When Ru Tong said "he", the body of the woman in white suddenly shook, and the dazzling pressure of the Supreme One filled out.

"According to my perception, the Lord of Li Soul should not be in the temple at this time, I am afraid that he is hiding somewhere quietly."

"But it doesn't matter." The woman in white snorted coldly.

"King, the powerhouse of Soul Eater Domain, led by Hao Ni'er, has already launched an attack on Li Soul Domain. We can also make plans for the next step." Seeing the appearance of the Demon of Light in front of him, Ru Tong opened his mouth. road.

"Next, increase the attack speed and break through the court of justice and the court of adjudication. These two forces have caused immeasurable damage to him in that battle. They and the Lord of Li Soul are both guilty and worth death. of!"

"Lord Li Soul, this time must die!" As soon as the voice fell, an incomparably evil black aura and an incomparably milky white sacred halo burst out together on the woman in white, sending her aura to the peak.

Such an aura is not something that an ordinary Eight Star Douxian can possess!

"My subordinates take orders!" Ru Tong nodded slightly when he heard the words, and walked down immediately, while Yun Ji and the others came a moment later and reported the attack route and plan of Soul Eater Domain to the Demon of Light, and they were planning a secret plan. It was also ordered to go down, and the real battle was just staged at this time.

On the other hand, the powerhouses in Soul Eater did not act rashly. They knew that in this level of battle, the situation of the battle had to be found out, and Hao Ni’er’s plan to send a vanguard team to take the lead won the approval of countless powerhouses. Therefore, except for the former part of Soul Eater who is used as the vanguard team, the powerhouses of Soul Eater are all waiting for the opportunity. Once the demon of light breaks through any courtyard or their vanguard team spreads the news, the final battle, The party will start completely.

For a time, the civil war in the Li Soul Territory was flying, but in addition to the demon army of the Demon of Light and the many subordinates of the Soul Eater, there were also some forces that were eyeing them.

In a barren space in Li Soul Domain, thousands of black shadows gather here.

"Sir, thousands of soul disciples are already on standby. Our current strength is not as strong as Li Soul Realm, Soul Eater Realm and Demon of Light." At this time, several figures in black robes stood at the forefront. These guys are powerful, but The presence of a leader.

"Hehe, we are not involved in the battle between the three superpowers. Our goal is the Lord of the Soul." Standing under the black robe in the first place, he uttered a sarcasm, but the power contained in his voice. , but it is far from comparable to Six Star Fighting Immortals.

"Lord Great Soul Venerable, the Master of Li Spirit is an eight-star powerhouse, we have a few people..." Listening to the Great Spirit Venerable's opening There are some changes in the thousands of shadows.

The power of the Lord of Li Soul is like a **** to them.

"Don't worry, the deity has its own countermeasures."

"Let's go, I hope that this time all three of their forces will be able to lose all three. The more they die, the better it will be for our ghost kingdom." As soon as the voice fell, the shadow of a thousand people turned out to be attached to the void like a worm. Among them, once the entrance to the temple appears, I am afraid that these guys will enter it without hesitation. As for their purpose, it is unknown.

"Sir, slow down." On the edge of Li Soul Domain's crime, some guards were directly obliterated by him, and hundreds of figures slowly emerged.

"Master Demon of Light didn't listen to the orders of the aliens, and attacked rashly. This time, we are here to invite the adults to go back. Don't make extra troubles, otherwise it will affect the plan of the aliens. You know the end!"

"Have you heard everything clearly?" The chief culprit roared domineeringly.

"Yes!" Behind the first sinner, a hundred people marched in an orderly manner, but a white sedan chair was carried by everyone, and there seemed to be something more powerful than the sinner on the white sedan chair. As for these guys , a red robe appeared on his body, and behind the robe, a conspicuous word "sin" was quite blood red and dazzling.

At this moment, Li Hunyu was on the verge of falling or being reborn, and it was getting closer and closer to the final battle.