Chapter 511: Goalkeeper!

"Strange, why does this passage go farther and farther..."

"It feels like it's endless." The few people walked not too far, and Mu Feng opened his mouth, with an air of surprise in his voice.

"This is..." Xiao Yan was paying attention to those dark bats along the way, but he didn't find anything. After those dark bats devoured the flames left by Xiao Yan, their volumes clearly collided several times, and then they seemed to be in a hurry. inhabit the darkness.

"This place should be like a cave." Xiao Yan walked ahead along the pitch-black passage. He had a huge sense of soul, but he did not provoke the dark bats that perched above the cave, although Xiao Yan was not afraid.

Hearing the words, several people nodded, trying their best to suppress their vindictiveness, and then followed Xiao Yan with light footsteps.

"Tick tock." The sound of dripping water came continuously from the depths of the cave, and then shook everyone's heart.

A few people walked for about five minutes, and a little light appeared, and then they didn't panic at all, and walked forward slowly.

Just after leaving the dark passage, a rather strange place appeared in front of everyone.

What appeared in front of the five people was an extremely huge stone statue giant. Behind the stone statue giant was the passage. At this time, the huge body of the stone statue giant seemed to directly block the road ahead!

Xiao Yan was slightly surprised when he saw it, then glanced behind him and found that there was no problem, and immediately put all his attention on the giant stone statue.

The powerful soul power instantly spread over the quaint body of the giant stone statue. There is nothing strange about the quaint stone statue, but the blue and red pupils are the most attractive!

"Stone statue?"

"No vitality?" Mu Yingying murmured, then frowned.

"No, this thing definitely has its purpose here..." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Yes, since this giant stone statue is blocking our way forward, it must have a secret." Xiao Yi also agreed.

"Everyone looked for them separately. Is there any mechanism or something?" Mu Feng never opened his mouth. Ever since he entered this small space, he has been staring at the giant stone statue.

"En." When the few people heard the words, they immediately spread out, but the space here is extremely small. Except for the stone giant, which will be ten meters tall, there are no other decorations, and most of the surrounding areas are indestructible. rock.

"Mu Feng, what did you find?" The other three went separately to find out if there was any mechanism here, but Xiao Yan and Mu Feng did not move, and then Xiao Yan said.

"This thing seems to be really a trap. It can't be opened by brute force alone." Mu Feng glanced at Xiao Yan and then at the giant stone statue blocking the road, and spoke slowly.

"What's the mechanism?" Xiao Yan was slightly surprised. Obviously, with his huge soul power, Xiao Yan knew that if there was no real fighting immortal powerhouse, no one would be able to open the defense of this giant stone statue!

Even if Xiao Yan tried his best now, he might not be able to open it, so Xiao Yan began to hesitate.

"No." Xiao Yi and the others looked around to no avail.

This space is only 180 meters in radius, the size of a room, so all the movements can be seen.

"This thing is a little troublesome." Xiao Yan slowly came to the side of the giant stone statue, always looking around vigilantly.

"Xiao Yan, can you try it with your fire?" The next moment, Mu Feng, who seemed to be thinking about something, suddenly said.

"Fire?" Xiao Yan was slightly surprised, but the white palm slowly lifted up. The next moment, following Xiao Yan's mind, a terrifying flame containing twenty-three colors was born from his fingertips!

"Sisi!" The flame seemed to have vitality as it slowly beat on Xiao Yan's palm.

"Go." Xiao Yan moved extremely slowly, slowly raising his palm over his chest, and immediately at the foot of the giant stone statue, the next moment, a little flame entangled directly up!

"Shabu!" With a sound, the flames on Xiao Yan's fingertips were entangled at the feet of the giant stone statue, and disappeared instantly like air evaporated.

"En?" Xiao Yan asked in confusion, obviously this was the first time he had encountered such a situation.

You must know that Xiao Yan's current flame is a combination of twenty-three new flames, and its power is not comparable to yours on the Dou Qi Continent. Such a terrifying flame was instantly vaporized by this giant stone statue!

It's incredible!

"It seems that what I expected was right!" Mu Feng said with a slight smile, looking at his appearance, it seemed that he had found a solution.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What?" Xiao Yi asked in confusion.

"It seems that this giant stone statue has something to do with flames. If we want to crack this level, I'm afraid we will need a lot of flame power." Mu Feng said.

"The power of flames?" When Xiao Yi heard the words, she immediately remembered something, but she didn't say anything, but she said something in her mouth: "That dark bat..."

"With the power of flame, Xiao Yan and I should be able to add Xiao Yi." Mu Yingying's lips moved slightly.

"No, this is just the outermost part of the desert. If we use too much power, I'm afraid we won't be able to enter it, and as far as I know, this strange stone giant, even if the power of flame can be deciphered, I am afraid that the power of flame we need The force is enough to **** us dry!" Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Also..." Mu Feng heard the words and had no choice, because what Mu Feng thought of just now was to combine the flame power of Mu Yingying, Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan to destroy this giant stone statue. , but forgot to consider this most fundamental issue.

"The power of fire..."

"I have a way, I don't know if it's feasible?" Xiao Yi on the side opened his mouth slightly, with some other flavors in his voice.

"What can I do?" The green flute on the side didn't speak for a long time. After all, the temperature environment here is still a little overwhelming for the snake people who naturally like dampness .

"In that dark bat body, there should be a lot of flame power..."

"And I just found out that the number of these dark bats is extremely large. If we can motivate them, we can destroy this giant stone statue with a lot of effort." Xiao Yidao, there was a smile on his handsome face.

"A dark bat..." Xiao Yan said slightly, and then nodded.

"What do you think?" Xiao Yan turned his head and asked.

"You can give it a try. The power of flame contained in this dark bat's body is no less terrifying than a practitioner with a one-star Dou Di fire attribute..."

"And there are so many of them, I'm afraid they really can." Green Flute said.

"Since this is the case, let's discuss it and start." Xiao Yan said.

It's just that Xiao Yan still had some doubts about the blue and red eyes of the stone statue giant, and then his dark pupils stared at the stone statue giant's eyes.

"Gudu!" With a loud voice, the blue and red eyes of the stone giant clearly moved!

"Yep?"

"Wait, this stone giant has weird eyes!" A roar suddenly echoed in this small space!

Ask for tickets!

The second update of the reward plus update will be made up this weekend. In addition to the current monthly ticket of 89, it is counted as the third update, and there is a five-shift difference. Let’s make up the third update at the end of this month, and the remaining two will be made up next month.

So it's Friday on Sunday.