Chapter 649: Thunder Tide

"Do it!" As soon as Guanglu's voice fell, the other four members of the Dawning Team moved in an orderly manner!

The orientation of the five people presents a five-pointed star, and Xiao Yan is surrounded by it!

"Drink!" Xiao Yan snorted softly. Although he appeared calm on the surface, he was vigilant in his heart. Obviously, the five members of the Dawning Team, whether it was the captain Guanglu alone or the entire team combined, were extremely terrifying.

"Xiao Yan, even if you have the ability to reach the sky this time, I'm afraid you won't be able to escape." The burly figure in the Dawning team suddenly spoke, and his voice was full of danger.

"Five, they are really thorny..."

"But..." The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils slowly emitted a fiery wave.

"If that's the case, let's fight!" Xiao Yan's whole body instantly burst into flames, and then he clenched the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand tightly, and a terrifying aura of fighting the heavens and the earth permeated.

Since coming out of the desert mountain range, Xiao Yan has not fought with all his strength, this time facing a whole team, Xiao Yan is also not afraid!

"Sure enough, it is the Six-Star Dou Emperor?" The burly Qianzhang next to him said, even if he already knew that Xiao Yan was the strongest in the Hall of People, his strength might have reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor, but he was still a little surprised when he saw it with his own eyes.

"What is the strength of the Six-Star Dou Emperor in the late stage... This kid's growth rate is too terrifying. I remember when he joined the Human Palace, his strength was only a Four-Star Dou Emperor. In the past five years, he has not been in the Fenxiang Pavilion. The strength has improved so much..."

"I'm afraid this is the idea of ​​the deputy hall master of the Human Palace." The captain of the Dawning Team saw Xiao Yan's terrifying fighting spirit fluctuations, and immediately discovered Xiao Yan's exact strength.

Because there is no deliberate suppression by Yihuo Hengguchi and Xiao Yan, there is no doubt that the time in the later stage of Six Star Doudi will unfold!

"How much power is this?" Another Qianqiu said.

Qianqiu and Qianzhang are two brothers, but his elder brother Qianzhang is burly and Qianqiu is relatively thin.

However, the strength of the two of them has reached the level of the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, and even the strength of life is as high as the fifth rank!

"Yep?"

"This is not the power of life!" At the next moment, Anli, the woman beside Guanglu, directly pulled Guanglu's wrist, suppressing Guanglu's surprise.

Guanglu just came back to his senses, and suddenly discovered the abnormality on Xiao Yan's body!

"Stop talking nonsense, take out the wooden sign!"

"Don't suffer from the pain of flesh and blood!" How could Qianzhang want to talk nonsense with Xiao Yan, his body shook, his front feet lifted, and he suddenly stepped on the ground!

"Boom boom boom!" Qianzhang's step is incredible. After all, Qianzhang's strength has reached the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. In addition, Qianzhang is a power type, so this foot suddenly opened a crack of dozens of meters. Shooting towards Xiao Yan!

"Retreat!" Guanglu hurriedly shouted when he saw this, but he didn't rush to stop Qianzhang's shot, because Guanglu's strength had reached the level of a six-star Dou Emperor consummation. Guanglu wanted to see Xiao Yan's strength, and it was a decision value. Not worth doing it yourself.

"Shabu Shabu!" The other four members of the Dawning Team saw Qianzhang launched an attack, and immediately retreated to the side.

"Captain, didn't you mean to go together?" Qianqiu just flashed out of the battle circle, and suddenly said, Qianqiu couldn't think of what medicine this captain sold in the gourd.

"This Xiao Yan seems to have some other secrets..."

"Look!"

"It stands to reason that as long as the average Dou Emperor breaks through the Six-Star Dou Emperor, he will surely pass the Six-Star Dou Emperor's life, and after passing through, the power of birth will also be born in his body, but this Xiao Yan's strength has reached the Six-Star Dou Emperor's strength. Late Emperor, but there is no trace of vitality in the body."

"This is an extremely unbelievable thing." Guang Lu was on the side, secretly watching Xiao Yan and Qianzhang's fight.

"Don't worry, let's take a look at it first. Although Qianzhang's strength is only in the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, I am afraid that the general powerhouse in the later stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor will not give in too much." Guanglu naturally knew that Qianqiu was worried about Qianzhang's safety. exit.

"En." Qianqiu seemed to have taken a reassurance when he heard the captain's words.

"What the **** are these people doing?" Xiao Yan was ready to deal with five people at the same time, but how could he expect that these four would suddenly leave.

"Boy, distracted from fighting, this is a dead end!" The next moment, the huge crack of dozens of meters under Qianzhang's feet suddenly came to Xiao Yan.

"It's good to come!" Xiao Yan had no time to think so much. Immediately, the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng suddenly inserted into the ground, and a terrifying flame was suddenly born from within his body, and then through his hands, the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was directly inserted into the ground. The inserted underground turned into a hot flame wave, attacking the huge crack of thousands of feet!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying wave just touched, but a deafening voice came out, like flying sand and stone, and suddenly exploded from the ground!

"Happy!"

"Come again!" Although Qianzhang was bound to win the wooden sign, he was quite belligerent.

"Shabu Shabu!" The wave of the two attacks was not over yet. Under the cover of flying sand and stone, Xiao Yan suddenly exerted force with both hands, and directly pulled out the ancient ruler of strange fire, and a splendid flame emanated from his eyes!

"Seventh layer breaking the second foot of the sky, the waves are stacked a thousand feet!" A terrifying voice came out instantly, and then the thousand feet saw that there seemed to be countless bulky black giant rulers around him!

Rao was like this, and Qianzhang was suddenly shocked!

Because Qianzhang actually felt an unprecedented hot fluctuation from above these giant feet!

"The flames on this kid's body are not right!" Qianzhang's first thought just came into being, and he didn't have time to think about it. He suddenly burst out with all his might, trying to intercept this terrifying attack!

"Boom boom boom!" Thousands of different fire constant ancient rulers suddenly smashed towards Qianzhang, such a terrifying attack, even the powerhouses of the late Six Star Dou Emperor must be smashed into a hornet's nest.

"Damn!" Qianzhang formed a yellow earth wall in front of him at this time, and bursts of dazzling energy of life permeated the earth wall, but this dazzling energy of life had not had time to display its The power slowly dimmed under the constant attack of Xiao Yan's strange fire and ancient ruler.

"Just because you want to stop my Emperor Yan's power?" A voice of disdain emanated from Xiao Yan's mouth instantly.

The so-called Emperor Yan is naturally the new flame that has been fused with twenty-three kinds of different fires in Xiao Yan's body, and the rest is the power of holy flame.

"Huangquan is angry!" A slight voice emanated from Xiao Yan's heart, and then the terrifying soul force went directly to the thousands!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Because of Xiao Yan's deliberate suppression, coupled with the small scope of influence, only Qianzhang felt a dizziness in his head.

"Ahhh!" Under the attack of Xiao Yan's soul power and the ancient ruler of the different fire, Qianzhang finally couldn't hold on to Xiao Yan's huge continuous attack, and suddenly knelt down, and screams kept coming out of his mouth. come out.

"The flames on this kid, even some elders who refine medicine in the pavilion are not so terrifying, what secrets does this kid have!" Guanglu thought to himself, but he couldn't help but hesitate.

"Rescue!"

"Go!"

"Five people surrounded and killed!" Guang Lu also realized that Xiao Yan's strength was unfathomable, so he didn't dare to take it lightly and said to the few people around him.

As soon as the voice fell, the eyes of the four of them flashed a decisive look at the same time, and they entered the battlefield directly!

Ask for tickets!