Chapter Vol 4 1949: Ancient Holy Land, Xun'er Fangying!

Xiao Yan's realization of immortality and immortality is obviously not something that can be accomplished overnight, and when he felt it, the soul jade that had been forgotten for several years in his body clearly had a very strange beating.

This is the soul jade that was originally used to record the opening of the ancient emperor's cave in the Dou Qi Continent. Since the five emperors broke through the sky, they each left a trace of soul power on it, so they could sense it.

At this time, a trace of soul power above the soul jade jumped violently, and it was clearly a figure named Xun'er.

At the same time, when Soul Jade was restless, there were quite bad things happening on Douyun Continent.

Douyun Continent is vast, and at this time, the core area is filled with seven major races, and it is in the territory of the ancients.

Because the ancients are in the forefront of the seven ancient races, they now occupy a spiritual vein full of energy in the core area of ​​Douyun Continent. The mountain peaks are slowly intertwined, and the entire spiritual veins form a rather mysterious ancient pattern.

At this time, the protection and isolation of the void passage in this realm is the only entrance to the void of the ancient clan.

"Why are you here again?" At this time, a few rather lazy ancient guards loomed over here, guarding the huge territory of the ancients behind. When he saw a man and an old figure coming together, his head was full of black lines.

Originally, a death order had been issued from above, but now the ancient clan does not accept all visitors during the special period, but these two are of detached status and prominent status, and in the past few years, they have come back and forth hundreds of times, and a few people are considered familiar. .

As for the purpose of these two coming, it was only for Gu Xun'er who came from the lower realm?

It's just that Gu Xun'er has been in the forbidden area of ​​the ancient clan for a long time. Although the forbidden area of ​​the ancient clan has inherited holy flames, it has been fierce since ancient times. Now it is unclear whether this guy is dead or alive...

Furthermore, although the ancient clans above Douyun Continent had also ascended from Dou Di Continent, their long-standing high and sub-zero temperament made them arrogant, and they obviously did not like the people from the lower realms of the same clan.

If it weren't for Gu Xun'er's outstanding appearance, coupled with her unique talent and the protection of a big man in the clan, I am afraid she would have been expelled long ago, but even so, many clan people in the clan still do not want to see her.

"Hey, two, this is a little greeting." While speaking, the seemingly thin and imposing man wriggled his palms, and two rather delicate medicinal pills flew towards them.

This guy is actually the son of the Holy See Light, Liu Hao, who was stalking Xiao Xun'er back then.

"Sixth Grade Immortal Rank Elixir?" At this moment, the two of them were also smiling, and hurriedly became enthusiastic.

"I don't know if Miss Xun'er is out of the customs?" At this moment, Liu Hao slowly raised his head, his eyes penetrated the ancient clan guardian barrier, looked at the deepest part of it, and asked gently.

"Hey, my lord, let me tell you the truth."

"Although Gu Xun'er is talented, he has been in the forbidden area of ​​the ancient clan for too long. We do have a great opportunity in the forbidden area of ​​the ancient clan, but since ancient times, no clan has been able to spy on it."

"There are even rumors that she has already died in the forbidden area and has turned into a skeleton. The adults should find another owner." The two guards were quite cooperative.

"If that's the case, then don't bother, I'll visit in person another day." After Liu Hao finished speaking, he left gracefully.

"Is this Gu Xun'er really that amazing?" Just walking out some distance, the eyes of the old man behind him, covered by gray hair, flashed an unfathomable breath, and muttered.

The strength of this guy is unfathomable, at least at the level of an eight-star fighting immortal!

"Elder Ye, I must get this girl... whether it's her heart or her people!" Liu Hao's voice became evil while speaking, and some bad thoughts also emerged.

"Little bastard, don't let me know who defiled her, or I will definitely want you to live rather than die."

"As for the soul, I'll just have to perform a soul wash, and I'll be fine with amnestics."

"There is such a woman in the world, I must get her person and heart." The evil voice slowly fell, but it was this almost perverted madness that killed his life after a long time.

Even if he is the Son of Light of the Holy See, he cannot protect him.

In the forbidden area among the ancients.

This is the resting place of countless generations of strong ancients, and it is also the place where the unconquerable inherited holy flame of the ancients exists.

This is an extremely rich land. In the entire forbidden land, countless sacred and noble breaths swept out, and at this time, an elegant figure appeared in it.

Looking around, this so-called ancient sacred place is a majestic mountain range. The mountains range from high to low, and the roads are rugged. There are even countless coffins of different colors on the surrounding mountains. The coffins are full of white bones. , that kind of breath, that kind of power, is heart palpitating.

"Huhu." At this moment, an elegant figure opened his eyes slightly, and next to his delicate body, streaks of golden mist covered his slender waist, and the three thousand blue silk was also looming under the golden mist.

"There... it's the end."

"Wait for me, Brother Xiao Yan." Qian Ying raised her head suddenly, her beautiful eyes staring at the top of the mountain range, and a sweet and light voice resounded in this dead silent mountain holy land.

At this time, she was very close to the top of the mountain range, and at the top of the mountain range, a golden sun wrapped in raging fire hung high.

The power and aura emanating from the golden sun's body turned out to be exactly the same as the strange fire in its body!

"Weng Om!" With every step, seems to be weighing hundreds of thousands of pounds, and a trace of sweat dripping from the white forehead slowly drips down, but Even so, this girl didn't complain a word, she bit her silver teeth and walked towards the top of the mountain step by step.

This kind of time, I don't know how long it will take, but with each step she takes, her strength, even the strange fire in her body, has strengthened a lot. With victory ahead, Xun'er obviously won't give up easily.

"Hey!" With a sound, the coffin that was crossed by Xun'er at the bottom of the mountain range suddenly turned violently, and the bones exuded a touch of shocking power, blasting towards Xun'er.

That is the power of the blood of the ancients.

"Thank you, seniors." Seeing this scene, Xun'er's pale face slowly turned rosy, and immediately stopped moving, turned and bowed solemnly to the countless coffins behind him.

Those forces constantly nourished and improved her strength and bloodline, which made her feel quite touched.

"Boom!" At that time, countless forces surrounded Xun'er, rendering the strange fire aura on his body to the limit, and a slight change occurred, causing the strange fire to slowly undergo many changes.

And it seems to have noticed the mutation of Xun'er and the countless coffins above the mountain range. The golden sun wrapped in the raging fire on the top of the mountain range is also slowly watching this shadow, and an unquestionable divine power swept out!

That kind of power... is the fluctuation of the holy flame, and from this fluctuation alone, it is definitely the top ten holy flames!

Just waiting for Xun'er to completely subdue and inherit this holy flame, I am afraid it will still take a lot of time... But at that time, the strength and status of this girl will probably have the absolute right to speak among the ancients in an instant.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: