Chapter Vol 4 1334: Exorcism!

"Senior, expelling the power of evil is not so easy, so you have to prepare yourself mentally, the power of Holy Flame should not be underestimated." Xiao Yan looked at Du Tianhong and smiled slowly.

"Hahaha."

"Although the little guy lets go of his fists, my old bones are still tough."

"But for a while, we'll be like this." Duo Tianhong said with a smile.

"Not to obliterate?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

"This guy still has a very big role, and he can't die for the time being."

"According to what I said, everything is under the control of our sword-forging Thunder Valley." Du Tianhong heard the words, the golden cloak behind him slowly fluttered, and the silver armor on his body was instantly removed, revealing a strong and powerful chest. .

"Gulugulu." Above the chest, bursts of strong and powerful heartbeats came out, and there was a dark atmosphere in the chest, like an evil worm that devoured the blood of human beings, invisibly exuding an unparalleled of evil breath.

"Sisi!"

"What a tyrannical evil force!" Xiao Yan's eyes became serious, obviously just from the black liquid, he realized that this guy is definitely not good!

"Fei'er." Such a terrifying scene was directly revealed, while Du Qifei, who was still absorbing the tokens of reincarnation, frowned, and felt a rather tyrannical aura.

"Crash!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't sit back and ignore it. The dazzling power of holy flame directly wrapped around Duan Qifei's delicate body, allowing her to smoothly absorb the token of reincarnation.

This reincarnation token was originally born to her, but it has been sealed for a long time now, and it will take some time to fuse it together.

"Thank you." Seeing Xiao Yan's scene, Duo Tianhong immediately said gratefully.

"Senior, this evil power..." Xiao Yan looked at the dark black liquid on Duo Tianhong's chest and couldn't help but ask, this level of evil power is the first time Xiao Yan has seen in his life. , it is too arrogant.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is the origin of a king called the Burning Soul Clan among the evil tribes outside the realm."

"At the beginning, I was lucky enough to find out that this alien race was trying to conspire against Dongzhou, taking advantage of the power of the Great Heaven Seed and the Fighting Soul in my body to annihilate their entire race, but I also offended the alien race. Really powerful, fortunately, the Lord of Li Soul took action and rescued me."

"But they don't know that the king of the Burning Soul Clan is a powerhouse that is comparable to a human being's four-star Dou Xian perfection level. In that battle, although I wiped out their entire clan, this guy is threatening to fall. , to use great means, and finally I had no choice but to seal him in my body... I tried to find the holy flame and completely obliterate him."

"Fortunately, the emperor pays off." Duo Tianhong said with a smile.

"Senior, wake up this evil power. Combine you and me with the power of Saint Flame to kill him. It's not difficult." After Xiao Yan heard this, the Holy Flame Crystal of Huoxin Tianyan suddenly appeared on his body, bursts of dazzling radiance. The khaki liquid and flames are constantly intertwined.

"Okay!"

"Just waiting for your words." Duan Tianhong's voice was like a bell, suddenly echoing in this thunder space.

"Boom!" Du Tianhong's voice just fell, and immediately on the surface of his body, the power of silver thunder continued to seep out from under his skin. The tyranny of this thunder made the evil liquid tremble with a sound. .

"As expected of a guy who has the Thunder Element Great Celestial Seed." Even if Xiao Yan had the protection of Saint Flame at this time, under Duo Tianhong's silver thunder, he still felt a sense of trepidation. It seemed that the power of this thunder, It is almost the same as the power of his own holy flame!

"Susu."

"Duan Tianhong!" In the next moment, a roar with monstrous resentment suddenly came out from the black liquid in his chest.

"Hahaha!"

"Evil Mo!"

"Today is the time for you to fall completely!" Duo Tianhong burst out laughing when he noticed that the figure hidden in the black liquid slowly woke up.

"Falling?"

"Duan Tianhong, you must have underestimated my Soul Burning Clan!"

"I am the king of the Burning Soul Clan, how could I fall into your hands?"

"Don't worry, it won't be long before the real kings of the evil races outside my territory will go to war with your Great Thousand Worlds. At that time, no one will be able to escape the thousands of creatures in your Great Thousand Worlds!" Hei Yeliu didn't seem to be afraid at all, his tone It was filled with a fierce breath.

"Don't worry...you won't see that day!"

"Thousand Thunder Immortal Bound!" At the next moment, countless silver thunders appeared around Duo Tianhong. Each of the silver thunders seemed to contain a terrifying power that could obliterate all things. When they just appeared, the space was immediately filled with An unease.

"Ah ah ah!"

"Old chops!" The black liquid was injected by Du Tianhong's terrifying power of thunder, and his aura suddenly diminished.

"Brother Xiao Yan, next, I'll leave it to you!" Duan Tian's aura was floating, and even a paleness appeared on his face. The attack just now was obviously not only aimed at the black liquid, but also at himself.

Du Tianhong is worthy of being the true overlord in the entire Eastern Continent, but he did not hesitate to lose his origin, and directly sealed the evil power of the black liquid temporarily, which bought time for Xiao Yan's next purification.

"Next, leave it to me." Xiao Yan had a headache how to completely seal Xie Mo's power. After all, a strong man who was comparable to a human's four-star Dou Xian Perfection was like the end of the day for himself.

"Crash!" After everything was ready, Xiao Yan's body burned at high speed, and then the khaki-yellow Holy Flame Crystal was gently placed on his chest.

"Holy Flame!"

"Zhu Xie!" Seemingly relying on instinct, Sheng Yanjing just smelled the evil power on Du Tianhong's body, and bursts of dazzling yellow light instantly filled the entire thunder space!

Then the yellow light turned into a string of obscure and mysterious runes in front of Xiao Yan, and immediately hit the black liquid on Duo Tianhong's chest with the powerful aura that purifies all things!

"This is... holy flame?"

"Impossible!" At this moment, there was a sudden uneasiness in the black liquid!

They were born as evil races from outside the realm and the holy flame has the power to completely obliterate them. If they are hit by the source of this holy flame, I am afraid that it will not be long before they will be completely wiped out!

At this moment, even Xie Mo, the arrogant and arrogant king of the Burning Soul Clan in the past, burst into chills.

"No, you can't sit still like this!"

"You must escape!" The black liquid didn't hesitate in the next moment, his body suddenly shook, and then, under the gazes of Xiao Yan and Du Tianhong, it broke away from Duo Tianhong's chest, and then moved towards a certain He walked away in the void, but what made him feel strange was that in the past, he would be blocked by Du Tianhong, but this time it was so easy, it seemed like Duo Tianhong... intentional?

"Duan Tianhong, and you, the master of the holy flame, if this king encounters you next time, he will definitely kill you!"

"Now... I won't play with you anymore!"

"Susu." The black liquid swept out of the space instantly, ready to sink into the wriggling void.

"Xie Mo... This time, from the time I destroyed your Soul Burning Clan, I was destined to win."

"Thunder-type Heavenly Seed!"

"Fighting Soul!"

"Seal it to me!" The next moment, a voice full of smiles broke through the space, with a violent breath, and suddenly the entire thunder space was frozen in an instant, and the evil foam liquid that was about to escape was also imprisoned in an instant.

"How could it be possible..." At this moment, the evil foam in the black liquid also had an unbelievable look!