Chapter Vol 4 1504: The tyranny of the art of body forging!

"This is... the blood general of the earth spirit?" As the evil voice fell, the body of the earth spirit blood general with green face and fangs suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan and the others, and an incomparably fierce evil wind rushed towards his face.

"Be careful, this guy is very strong." At the next moment, Duo Qifei spoke first, even with her three-star Dou Immortal perfection, when the Earth Spirit Blood General just appeared, there was a burst of unease in her body.

"I'll try it." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this.

With his current points, he killed the Sky Poison Temple, and he was still a long way from ten thousand, but if he killed the Earth Spirit Blood General, it would probably be enough.

Although the strength of the Earth Spirit Blood General in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortals was combined with the extremely strange armor that could absorb power, Xiao Yan was not afraid.

"Be careful." Several people heard the words and nodded slowly.

"Big brother, the power in this guy's body is disorganized. I'm afraid it's caused by the absorption of too much power. All it takes is a fire to burn it completely." Xiao Gui on the side also felt the unsteady aura of the earth spirit blood floating in his body. laughed.

"So much nonsense..."

"Death to Ben!" Seeing the people in front of him talking and laughing, and not even taking himself seriously, the Earth Spirit Blood General snorted coldly, and the dazzling evil fluctuations spread directly from the body, and immediately The figure suddenly shrank, and in just a short moment, it was the same as that of ordinary humans, but at this time, as the size shrank, its aura was even more fierce.

"You stand back!"

"Hot Explosion!" Xiao Yan snorted softly, and then the surging Dou Qi flames ignited directly above his body, raising his speed to a brand new level.

"Weng buzzing!" With the help of the explosion technique, Xiao Yan was as fast as a ghost, and with a flash, he appeared in front of the Earth Spirit Blood General.

"Pick my finger!" Instantly came to the Earth Spirit Blood General, Xiao Yan's mouth slowly outlined a smile, and then the dazzling flames gathered at his fingertips, and instantly, a terrifying wave that made one's heart palpitate, spontaneously emerged .

"Humph!" The Earth Spirit Blood General seemed to disapprove of Xiao Yan's behavior. After all, the strengths of the two were one in the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal and the other in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortal. The difference was too great.

"Bang bang bang!" When the dazzling flames reached the zero point, Xiao Yan's eyes became sharp, and then his fingertips shot at the nearby Earth Spirit Blood General.

"Small worm-carving trick." The Earth Spirit Blood Sword had no defense, just a faint light appeared from the weird armor above the body.

"Gulugulu." After a while, Xiao Yan's seemingly tyrannical flame fingers were completely swallowed by his armor.

"Hand of Destruction!" After a short while, watching Xiao Yan's attack ended, the Earth Spirit Blood would not give Xiao Yan any chance to fight back. The dazzling dark aura condensed on his nearly depleted palm, an invisible vortex and Blood-colored energy slowly filled the palm of his hand.

"What a tyrannical defense." Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered to himself when his attack failed. Obviously, the difference between the two was a whole rank, and it would be quite difficult to defeat him.

"Hand of Destruction, Xiao Yan, give me death!" After a while, the blood of the Earth Spirit exploded and roared towards Xiao Yan.

"Dragon God's first change!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan was not slow or busy, and a low voice sounded in his heart, and the skin on the body suddenly became burly, and even the slightest trace of it could not be detected by the naked eye. The obscure golden pattern of , emerges quietly.

"This guy... The first transformation of the Dragon God can be so tyrannical. If the nine transformations come together, I am afraid that even in the face of the real Dragon God, it will not be defeated. It is indeed the treasure of the Dragon Clan." The sudden change on Yan's body made the Master of Soul Eater can't help but envy. After all, the Master of Soul Eater is only a soul, so he is naturally quite envious of this kind of body forging technique that is at the peak of the Great Thousand World.

"It's too strong... Xiao Yan will have an accident if this goes on."

"Xiao Gui, you and I shoot together." At this moment, looking at the evil palm of the spirit blood above the sky, Du Qifei frowned and said anxiously.

"Don't worry, eldest brother must have his own grasp of doing this... and after you feel it carefully, you will find that the physical strength in eldest brother seems to be increasing at a terrifying speed." Xiao Gui's eyesight is extraordinary, naturally Some other breaths were detected.

"This guy's methods are really endless, such a tyrannical body forging technique, I am afraid that the level is not low." Yuan Hong looked at Xiao Yan and couldn't help saying.

"Boom!" After a short while, the Earth Spirit Blood will not have any left hand, and the whole body's strength will be gathered in the palm of the hand, directly forming a hand of destruction that is enough to destroy everything, and suddenly slaps against Xiao Yan's Tianling cover, such a tyrannical blow, I am afraid Not dying is also seriously injured.

"Huhu...it's almost there."

"I hope you won't let me down." At that time, not only did Xiao Yan not back down when he noticed the hand of evil energy coming towards his face, he even felt a little fiery in his heart.

"Xiao Yan..." Looking at Xiao Yan who didn't retreat, Duan Qifei in the distance couldn't help clenching his pink fist slowly.

"Huh!" In an instant, the attack of the Earth Spirit Blood General hit Xiao Yan without a trace, and the dazzling evil energy continued to swept away from Xiao Yan's body, as if he wanted to completely obliterate Xiao Yan, but regardless of whether the Earth Spirit Blood General attacked Xiao Yan. How tyrannical and evil the power of Xiao Yan's body is, when it touches Xiao Yan's body and skin, it will be completely nibbled and purified by a trace of extremely dull golden lines. The rock, no matter how tyrannical it is used, cannot shake it in the slightest.

"But... Damn it!" After a while, the Earth Spirit Blood General looked at Xiao Yan, whose physical strength was close to the limit, and couldn't help roaring. His dignified 4-star Dou Xian's strength would actually take such a 3-star Dou Xian. There is no way.

"Huhu... The first transformation of the Dragon God is really tyrannical, but it is still a bit tricky to face the four-star fighting immortals. It seems that after leaving, I have to start practicing for the latter." Xiao Yan's heart was filled with concerns.

"Xiao Gui Let's do it together and kill this teaser!" At that moment, Xiao Yan was not preparing to fight alone. After all, he was about to rush to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. The strength of this guy is not something that he can obliterate by himself. of.

"It really means that." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Xiao Gui also flickered and came to Xiao Yan. At this time, Xiao Gui was surrounded by black auras that were constantly rising, which was as shocking as flames.

"What is this black gas?"

"Flame?" Upon realizing this scene, Xiao Yan frowned, obviously not understanding.

"This should be what his parents left in this Demon Town Prison. It's not like a flame, but like the breath of some kind of treasure."

"I'm starting to be a little curious now, this Xiao Gui's father is the descendant of a strong person from your Xiao clan." The Soul Eater also sneered.

"Six Soul Venerable, why are you still stunned, let's do it together!" Watching Xiao Gui join the battle, the Earth Spirit Blood General also shouted slowly towards a void in the middle of the sky.

""