Chapter Vol 2 837: Fighting the Heavenly Tribulation!

"Boom boom boom!" The silver thunder just landed not far from the body of Tianwang Ginseng, and suddenly the golden demon puppet rioted!

"Shabu!" At this time, Jin Yaopup's body was shimmering with the power of khaki holy flame, and there was an ancient aura in that body, and the pupils were emitting a very bright golden color.

"So strong!" Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something.

With his excellent soul perception, Xiao Yan was able to know that the power of the last calamity just now, I am afraid that the dignified and semi-immortal powerhouses will instantly turn into nothingness, not to mention that his six-star fighting emperor is complete or the golden demon puppet. .

"You back away."

"If I want to transfer to human beings, I must be tempered by this catastrophe, but after the tempering, the catastrophe will finally depend on you." Tian Wang Shen said weakly.

"En." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately summoned the Golden Demon Puppet. After all, the horror of this catastrophe, if the Golden Demon Puppet went out like this, it would probably be defeated in an instant.

Moreover, if this powerful power of calamity is refined by the Heavenly King Ginseng, Xiao Yan is confident enough for the Golden Demon Puppet to absorb it!

"Boom boom boom!" The silver power of calamity was like a silver dragon, roaring towards the body of the Heavenly King Ginseng.

Although the strength in the body is extremely powerful, Xiao Yan knows that the dragon of calamity does not have much wisdom.

With the heavy impact of the Heavenly Tribulation Silver Dragon on the body of the Heavenly King Ginseng, the body of the King Ginseng suddenly burst into a milky white light that day. This milky white light weakened the power of many silver dragons. Ginseng is extremely painful.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Ah ah ah!" A scream echoed in the sky, Xiao Yan heard the scream, and his eyelids trembled violently. He knew that around the Heavenly King Ginseng, a deadly robbery dragon had formed a deadly line. The minefield, I am afraid that neither myself nor the Golden Demon Puppet dared to enter rashly.

"We can only rely on it now, and we can only wait and see how it changes." Xiao Yan said helplessly, but Xiao Yan could feel that with the Heavenly King Ginseng being so tempered by the power of the robbery, the Heavenly King The body and soul of the ginseng milky white have even undergone a slight transformation, and this transformation has evolved towards a human appearance!

"The power of this catastrophe is mysterious, and I never thought it would have such an effect." Xiao Yan finished speaking, not talking, but quietly waiting for an opportunity. This opportunity is not only to help the Heavenly King Ginseng, but also to evolve his Golden Demon Puppet. The best material, so Xiao Yan will definitely not let go of the power of the catastrophe.

"The power of this catastrophe has been diluted so much..."

"It should have something to do with this medicine garden." Mu Yingying, who was standing beside the barrier, said suddenly.

Mu Yingying is very clear about the calamity. Any calamity is dozens of times more terrifying than the current one. The reason why the calamity of this day king ginseng is so weak is because the mystery of the medicine garden has concealed most of it. The power of the catastrophe, otherwise even if you gather the power of two holy flames, I am afraid that it will be extremely difficult to deal with the catastrophe.

After all, the strength of their two holy flames is too weak.

"Ah ah ah..."

"Bastard!" The Heavenly King Ginseng was hit by the power of the Heavenly Tribulation, and the power of the Heavenly King Ginseng seemed to be out of control, flowing directly against the Heavenly King Ginseng's internal organs.

At the beginning, the power of the calamity carried a wave of destruction. Anything that passed through the body of the king ginseng was destroyed. However, with the dispersal of the medicinal power of the king ginseng, those destroyed things were indistinctly disappearing. Born in the body, and under the brilliance of the power of the catastrophe, the organs of the body have become stronger.

"Gulugulu." Not long after that, a milky white light suddenly broke free from the silver giant dragon above the king ginseng, and then went straight to the body of the king ginseng, forming a human prototype exactly like Xiao Yan and the others!

"I didn't expect this guy to be so determined." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say.

Until this time, Xiao Yan also knew that the first step of Tianwang Ginseng was successful, he successfully resisted the power of the catastrophe, and gave birth to the prototype of human beings.

With this human body prototype, although the next thing is difficult, there is always a chance of survival.

"Prepare to take action." Xiao Yan said coldly, and then his aura was soaring, obviously using the Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire. At this time, Xiao Yan himself couldn't control so much, he and Jin Yaopup were both in the same situation. At the center of this calamity, if something happened to Heavenly Kingshen, I am afraid that the two of them will not end well.

"Xiao Yan, help me!" The next moment, just after Xiao Yan and the two of them had increased their power to the extreme, the corner of the mouth of the milky white human prototype of Wang ginseng moved slightly and said.

The reason why Tianwang ginseng can take over the terrifying power of destruction of the power of heaven is because Tianwang ginseng uses his own source power, that is, the huge power of Tianwang ginseng medicinal materials.

However, even if it was the power of the huge medicinal herbs, just to deal with the power of the catastrophe and condense the first step of the human prototype, he suffered heavy losses, and now he can only pin his hopes on Xiao Yan.

"The power of this catastrophe has been weakened by me a lot now, but I am also at the point where the lamp is exhausted. Next, I will rely on you." The milky white human prototype Tianwang Shen said slowly, his voice full of weakness .

"Don't worry, next, leave it to me." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he ignored Tianwangshen's response, swept in with the golden demon puppet, and abruptly stood in front of Tianwangshen.

"Hoohoho!" The Heavenly Tribulation Silver Dragon seemed to have been challenged, and screamed a few times in the sky, then stared at Xiao Yan fiercely.

"Beast."

"It's not dead yet!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then suddenly raised his palm covered with dazzling flames, and slapped it at the Heavenly Tribulation Dragon!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's terrifying attack was mixed with the power of holy flames, but for that matter, the giant robbery dragon seemed to be disdainful that day, and he opened his mouth directly, and then Xiao Yan's attack was directly swallowed!

"My good guy Xiao Yan saw this, not only did he not panic, but instead, there was a burst of joy.

Xiao Yan knew, however, that if he wanted to use his own strength to completely kill this giant dragon of calamity, it would undoubtedly be a fool's dream.

However, although he cannot be killed, it is still possible for him to self-destruct. This is why Xiao Yan wants to let the Heavenly Tribulation Dragon devour his own flames!

His own flame is under his control. As long as his mind moves, it will explode in the dragon's body. With that kind of destructive power, Xiao Yan has absolute confidence to kill the dragon!

"It's not enough." Xiao Yan stared at the Heavenly Tribulation Dragon, and found that his flames were indeed appearing in its body, but he didn't dare to relax his vigilance and just murmured in a low voice.

"Golden Demon Puppet, go!" The next moment, just as the Heavenly Tribulation Dragon was about to launch an attack, Xiao Yan said directly to the Golden Demon Puppet beside him.

As soon as the words fell, the golden demon puppet was immediately enveloped in the power of the khaki holy flame, without any hesitation, he directly faced the giant dragon of calamity!

The Heavenly Tribulation Dragon just raised its claws and slapped the Golden Demon Puppet flying, but unexpectedly the Golden Demon Puppet was five meters away from him, and the surrounding space suddenly surged. It appeared directly in the body of the Heavenly Tribulation Dragon!

"The space teleportation formation really works." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, but before that day's robbery dragon could react, Xiao Yan shouted loudly the next moment.

"Give me a blast!" A loud laugh resounded in this space!

five more