Chapter Vol 4 1208: Level 10!

"This is the inside of Ice and Fire Island?"

"What a thin energy of heaven and earth." The group had just entered the interior of Icefire Island, and Xiao Yan was the first to speak.

When everyone heard this, they couldn't help but look up. What caught everyone's eyes was a shocking scene.

Everyone saw that they were at the top of the crater at this time, and the volcano as a whole had an oval shape, the edge of the volcano, and circular passages surrounding the center, but there was no road leading to the bottom. Scenes of extremely hot melt!

"This Ice and Fire Island is naturally extremely mysterious, so it is the only choice for imprisoning the wicked." Yu Yifeng said with a smile.

"There doesn't seem to be a way to go down here?" Liu Qing said with a slight movement of her eyes.

"This Ice and Fire Island has a total of ten floors, and each floor is a separate space."

"Only by defeating the guardian on the previous floor can you enter the next floor." Razer said.

"Since Icefire Island is a purgatory where wicked people are imprisoned, with a total of ten floors, I am afraid that there should be ten wicked people imprisoned here." Xiao Yan muttered.

"It's true that ten people are imprisoned here, but they are evil people..." The Soul Eater whispered softly.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, just wanted to ask something, but hesitated.

"The ten people here were all kind-hearted people during their lifetimes, but they made a big mistake just now because of other people's conspiracies or the separation of their relatives." The Soul Eater shook his head slowly, obviously he knew something.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's go, the entrance is there, let's go over to take a look first." After a while, Shuiyue led the crowd directly towards the entrance of the light curtain on the tenth floor.

"There is an extremely tyrannical sealing force in this entrance."

"The power of this seal will not seal our strength, but once we enter it, we cannot leave on our own initiative, unless we fail or succeed in dealing with the guardian."

"And after defeating the guardian, there will be some extremely rare treasures of heaven and earth in each floor, which can be regarded as a reward for the passers-by."

"However, the guardians on each floor do not appear fixedly, but appear randomly. Their strengths are not trivial, and every other floor, the guardians below are getting stronger and stronger." Yu Yifeng said slowly.

"Strange..." After listening to Yu Yifeng's words, everyone nodded slightly, only the Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body made a doubtful voice.

"Senior, what's wrong?" Xiao Yan asked using his soul power.

"This jade legacy is true, but after defeating the guardian, there will be some treasures of heaven and earth, and the purgatory to imprison the wicked will also appear."

"I guess the reason why he didn't say this was that he wanted to save the wicked at a certain level." The Lord of Soul Eater said slightly.

"This guy is really cunning." When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help but raise a little bit of vigilance towards Yu Yifeng and the others.

"Be careful, there are many strong people on this Ice and Fire Island, which is an excellent place for you to experience."

"I won't take action unless I have to. After all, I know most of the guys here. Once I come forward, I will lose the purpose of the experience."

"And... this trip to Ice and Fire Island, I'll let you improve your strength and devour your fighting spirit. At that time, you will add your fighting spirit with the strength of a two-star fighting immortal, and you will not be afraid of encountering some difficult enemies."

"As for the ratio of Dongzhou, it's not easy to capture." The Soul Eater said with a slow smile.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words. He knew that if he had a fighting spirit, he would undoubtedly enhance his strength and combat effectiveness.

"Captain, let's go first, we have been to the tenth floor before, and the guardians are not to be afraid of." The land monkey looked at the entrance of the light curtain in front of him and smiled.

"etc."

"The guardians in this Ice and Fire Island are changing rapidly. The last time we met on the tenth floor was a soul beast with the mid-stage strength of a two-star Dou Xian, the Xuantian Spirit Eagle."

"Although it was easy to defeat it, but this time I entered the tenth floor, I am afraid that I will not encounter it again, and I must act carefully." Yu Yifeng said seriously.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I don't know how far your soul power has reached now?" Yu Yifeng asked Xiao Yan slightly.

The previous time they defeated Xuantian Lingying, the guardian of the tenth floor, and obtained the precious treasure of the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal, but when they entered the ninth floor, they suffered an extremely tyrannical soul attack. They have the means of pressing the bottom of the box, and I am afraid they have fallen into it.

"It's one step away from stepping into the fairyland." Xiao Yan didn't want to hide it, and said slowly.

"Emperor Realm Heavenly Level Great Perfection?" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, Liu Qing's silver bell-like voice sounded slowly.

Liu Qing also cultivates soul power, but her soul power has not yet reached the Great Perfection of the Emperor Realm, which is much worse than Xiao Yan, and now hearing Xiao Yan's words, she is naturally extremely surprised.

You must know that soul power is the most difficult thing to cultivate. At such an age, he can reach the Great Perfection of the Emperor Realm, which is enough to show how terrifying Xiao Yan is in the attainment of soul power.

"Is it really the Great Perfection of the Emperor Realm?" But Yu Yifeng laughed loudly when he heard the words.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"It's so good." Yu Yifeng suddenly laughed when he heard the words.

The last time they entered the ninth floor, they were instantly defeated by the guardian's extremely tyrannical soul power. Even before the guardian's true face was seen clearly, they were pulled away from the Icefire Island, but the jade legacy was faint. I feel that if you want to deal with the guardian, I am afraid that you need to find a strong person whose soul power reaches at least the emperor realm!

This is also why they are willing to take out treasures like the Earth Dragon Blood Crystal for auction.

And Xiao Yan's soul power is not heaven level, but heaven level great perfection!

This made Yu Yifeng laugh out loud. If they were to meet that guardian, with Xiao Yan as the protector, their Hawkeye team would naturally have the power to fight, but they didn't know if they would meet again this time.

"Since you are fully prepared, let's go."

"Shuiyue and Land Monkey, you two are responsible for the safety of Miss Liu Qing."

"Thunder Snake, Xiao Yan will leave it to you." Yu Yifeng arranged.

"Yes." Shuiyue and Land Monkey, plus Razer all laughed.

"Xiao Yan this guy is not only powerful, but even his soul power is so powerful, and he also has holy flame. It seems that we need to find a time to communicate with him."

"The attack of the foreign evil race is imminent. If he can hand over the holy flame to our Holy See, then the power of the upper echelons of our Holy See will be enhanced even more. At that time, he will be a lifelong friend of our Holy See... Even if he can't, he will be with him. Being a good friend is also very good." Liu Qing's beautiful eyes moved slightly, staring at Xiao Yan and said.

"And I don't know if there will be traces of holy flames in this Ice and Fire Island..."

"According to the teacher, there are fluctuations of holy flames in the ghost realm. The ratio of the Eastern Continent to the Four Continents, I hope it will not disappoint the teacher's expectations." The next moment, Liu Qing thought about it.

"I don't know if this Ice and Fire Island can help me break through the soul power of the fairyland..." Xiao Yan's eyes also became hot.

"Soul power, I remember there is a guardian, just let Xiao Yan swallow it... Hehehe..." It's just that Xiao Yan didn't know, all his words were heard by the Lord of Soul Eater. .

"Let's go." After everyone finished speaking, they turned into a stream of light and merged into the entrance of the tenth floor.

End of this chapter