Chapter Vol 4 1463: Town Demon Treasure!

"Huhu... These guys seem to be a little too weak?" Seeing that he had easily wiped out the demonic python in the early stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian and the earth-level evil in the middle of the Three-Star Dou Xian, Xiao Yan returned to the ground. up, he opened his mouth slightly.

"Humph."

"If it weren't for the holy flames in your body, the battle qi in your body was tempered by holy flames, and even with the power of the Dragon God Transformation and the Great Heavenly Seed, it would have taken a lot of trouble to deal with this kind of evil."

"And in this Demon Suppression Prison, as you said, what you encountered just now is just an energy body composed of some evil aura. If it is a real foreign powerhouse, I am afraid it will be even more difficult." The Lord of Soul Eater heard Said, rolled his eyes.

"Hehe... that's true." Xiao Yan laughed when he heard this. After all, what his master said was true.

"Okay, take out the 'Magic Suppression Stone' from your body and see how many points these two guys have awarded." After a while, the Soul Eater said.

"Magic Suppression Stone?" Xiao Yan was confused when he heard the words.

"It's the jade that Tianming Villa gave you before entering the Demon Suppression Prison." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan gently took out the jade from his arms.

"110?"

"What does this mean?" After just taking out the jade, three faint numbers slowly appeared on it.

"This is the magic stone."

"And the so-called magic-suppressing stone is universal in the entire world."

"As long as you carry the Demon Suppression Stone, after you kill the powerful outsiders, the Demon Suppression Stone will also give you corresponding points." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Is there such a good thing?"

"However, hunting and killing aliens is a dangerous thing. I'm afraid no one would do such a dangerous thing for some points. After all, these points don't seem to be of much use." Xiao Yan glanced at the magic stone and said.

"you're so dumb."

"Magic Suppression Stone is something that is recognized by countless powerhouses in the world."

"After the points reach a certain level, you can have a certain seat among the top powerhouses in the Great Thousand World, and after having this seat, you can do a lot of things easily, and its role will not be lower than your status as a pharmacist. ."

"But the most important thing is another effect of the magic stone."

"Suppressing Demon Treasure." The Soul Eater said slowly with a smile.

"Treasure of the Suppression of Demons?" When Xiao Yan heard this, his brows suddenly jumped, as if he had discovered something.

"Yes, it's the Demon Suppression Treasure."

"The Great Thousand Worlds are basically divided into seven worlds, and all of the seven worlds have the existence of the magic-suppressing stone, so the supreme person of the seven worlds walks around the magic-suppressing stone, and at the same time, in order to encourage the strong in the seven worlds to kill the outside world Evil clan, so the treasure of the suppression of demons was established."

"And the treasures above the Demon Suppression Treasures are issued by the highest among the seven realms."

"You can inject your soul power into the magic-suppressing stone, and you can view the treasures in the magic-suppressing treasure."

"The treasures in these demon-suppressing treasures are all real treasures, but it is very easy to obtain these things."

"Exchange with points."

"And the generation of points is to kill the powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil clan. From the lowest level of heaven and earth to the fifth level of the emperor, the stronger the power of the extraterritorial evil clan powerhouse, the more points will be given." Lord of Soul Eater One explained in a breath.

"Tsk tsk...I didn't expect this magic stone to have such an effect."

"If I had brought it with me when I entered that Demon Suppression Prison before, I'm afraid I have a lot of points now." Xiao Yan said with a grin.

"Suppressing Demon Treasures renew products once every hundred years, and the products that are exchanged immediately will be replaced by other things."

"Okay, let's see if there is anything you need in the Demon Suppression Treasure this time..."

"If there is, I'm afraid we need to go to meet the Poisonous Demon Empress." The Lord of Soul Eater laughed, and there was a sense of playfulness in his voice.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, but he didn't hear what the Soul Eater said that he would go to meet the Poisonous Demon Empress.

"Crash!" The jade anti-magic stone was gently placed in the palm of Xiao Yan's hand, and the dazzling soul power was injected into it.

"Magic-suppressing stone, with a special material, won't shatter unless an Eight-Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse makes a move."

"And the material of the magic stone is special, and it is forged by a special power of space, so don't try to destroy it easily, or take chances to get points."

"Points can only be obtained by obliterating the alien race."

"Extraterritorial evil clan has five levels of heaven and earth emperors, and you can get 10 points by obliterating the lowest heaven-level evil things."

"Earth-level evil is divided into three levels: upper, middle, and lower. Lower-level earth-level evil can earn 50 points, medium-level evil can earn 100 points, and high-level evil can earn 200 points."

"Exalted-level evil objects can be divided into upper and lower grades. Low-level evil-level evil objects can get 1,000 points, and high-level honor-level evil objects can get 3,000 points."

"Emperor-level evil objects are divided into immortal-level and holy-level two levels. You can get 10,000 points by obliterating the immortal-level emperor-level evil objects, and you can get 50,000 points by erasing the holy-level evil objects."

"The highest level, the king level, is divided into three grades: black, white and red. If you kill any kind of king level powerhouse, you can ask for a fighting technique or weapon that suits you from the supreme person in this world." Soul power has just invaded it. , the breath that suddenly looked at couldn't help pouring into Xiao Yan's mind.

"It's really a huge handwriting." Feeling this magnificent points system, Xiao Yan also sighed with emotion for the wisdom of the most powerful person in the world, and he set up such a thing as a treasure to suppress the devil.

"Let's see if there is anything suitable for me." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his soul power poured into the magic stone.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure was suddenly sucked into the magic stone.

"Where is this?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

"This is the inner space of the magic-suppressing stone, which can only be used to exchange or view the magic-suppressing treasure."

"And these treasures are all engraved by the strongest people in their respective realms Once you have enough points, you can directly redeem them."

"However, I would like to remind you, don't think about stealing and robbing these treasures with the power of space and soul, because that's just asking for a dead end. After all, even me, I can't break the treasure of the demon, let alone you. "The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, he could naturally feel the power of this space.

"Dozens of light groups..."

"come over!"

"Seventh-grade Immortal Artifact, Magic Sound Wood!" A group of light just emerged, and suddenly a green vine slowly appeared. On top of this green vine, Xiao Yan actually felt the same fluctuations in the wood attribute in his body.

"100,000 points?" Originally, Xiao Yan still had some emotion in his heart, but when he saw the shocking number below the light group, he had no choice but to give up.

"It won't be so expensive..." After seeing several treasures one after another, most of them were weapons, but the asking price was as high as tens of thousands of points, which made Xiao Yan have to give up.

"What's going on?" At the next moment, there were still three remaining light groups in the demon-suppressing treasures that were not checked. Suddenly, Sheng Yan and Fen Jue squirmed together in Xiao Yan's body, and the fanatical aura seemed to point to the remaining three light groups. The bleakest of them all.

"Is this?" Forcefully holding back the shock in his heart, he slowly called the light group over to check it out, but when the light group just approached Xiao Yan, waves of waves that made Xiao Yan's heart palpitate were born.

"How could it be... It's actually a flame swallowing technique?" And as the light group approached Xiao Yan, when the subtitles in the light group just appeared, the look of Soul Eater suddenly became strange and lost his voice!