Chapter Vol 4 914: All means available!

"Let's do it."

"Otherwise, with this little strength, you can't get out of here today." Although Xuan Xin had a deep grudge with Fenxiang Pavilion, she had to be serious when facing Zhu Jin.

Not to mention anything else, it's just because Zhu Jin is Xuantian's first battle formation master!

This title alone is enough to make Xuan Xin solemn.

"I think you have forgotten the power of my first battle formation master."

"Alright, I'll let you recall it today." Zhu Jin smiled slightly in the face of Xuan Xin's ridicule.

"This time is different from the past." Xuan Xin snorted coldly.

Xuanxin's strength was far from the time when he was fighting Immortal, but he suffered a lot of losses in the ZhuJin formation, so now he wants to defeat ZhuJin in the formation, so that he can get back the old days for himself. field.

"Zizi!" In the Tiansuo Dragon Formation, strands of silver thunder with thick fingers continued to float out. Obviously, the core of this formation was the power of thunder.

The power of this thunder is different from the ordinary Dan Thunder Tribulation. The power it has is probably enough to easily kill any Dou Di powerhouse.

And when Xuan Xin's pupils saw this thunder, it also became strange.

"I'm afraid this formation is not so simple." With Xuanxin's perception, he naturally knew the horror of this formation, and immediately became vigilant, because from these silver thunders, he smelled a dangerous aura!

It can make him feel dangerous even if he is a dignified and dignified fighting fairy, which is enough to show the power of this formation.

"It seems that the battle will be resolved quickly, otherwise the other powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family will be attracted, and then the plan to save Yanchi will fail." Zhu Jin glanced at the place where Yanchi was bound, and suddenly found the formation. Outside, a certain void trembled slightly, but at this time in the formation, I didn't pay too much attention.

"Heavenly Locked Dragon Formation!" A soft hum, suddenly resounded through the sky in this formation full of thunder power!

"Heavenly Locks!" After a while, Zhu Jin was whistling, and then, at a speed that was visible to the naked eye, dazzling silver thunderbolts all over his body turned into silver chains!

Above the silver chains, a terrifying thunder force that was enough to collapse the world was slowly born.

"Xuanxin, accept the sanction!" Zhu Jin sneered, then waved his palm vigorously, and the dazzling silver chains all over his body made a choking sound, with an ear-piercing cold glow, and swept away directly at Xuanxin!

The silver chain with the extremely powerful lightning restraint force swept away towards Xuan Xin, the terrifying aura, I am afraid that the average Dou Emperor peak powerhouse can't stop it.

The silver chain silently slid across the sky above the formation, hitting Xuan Xin's body directly, but no harsh or intense sparks were born. When the silver chain hit Xuan Xin, it seemed to be given to Xuan Xin by an extremely powerful force. block down.

"What?" Zhu Jin felt that his powerful attack was directly stopped by Xuan Xin, and immediately frowned in surprise.

However, when he first felt the mysterious power in Xuan Xin's body, Zhu Jin had another feeling of deja vu.

"Is it an illusion..." Zhu Jin murmured and then stared at Xuan Xin for Zaidu.

As for Fen Tian, ​​who was hiding in the dark, there was a trace of pain at the corner of his mouth, and then he whispered to himself: "It seems that these years, although Yan Chi has not been swallowed by the Xuanling royal family, the Xuanling royal family may have found something. The means got a lot of Saint Yanzi Fire from him..."

"These beasts."

"Forcibly pulling away the fire of the holy flame, although it will not cause fatal injuries, it has a great impact on the source of the holy flame, and that kind of destruction is extremely painful for Yanchi." After Fen Tian finished speaking, his expression changed. There was a flash of killing intent in the middle, and then it was quiet.

And as Fen Tian burst out with a breath, in the black river outside the formation, a strange black figure also whispered: "Is it an illusion, why is there an aura stronger than me just now..."

"Although it passed by in a flash, it really appeared here."

The one who spoke was the ghost of the dark night that Xuanxin didn't know what to pay!

At this time, the Dark Night Ghost was hiding behind the statue of the ancestor of the Xuanling royal family in the black river, and with his hidden aura, it was not easy to be discovered. As for Yan Chi, it was hidden by some power, making it difficult for everyone to find it.

After a while, Zhu Jin immediately turned his gaze to the formation where Xuan Xin was.

At this moment, Xuan Xin had a smile on his face. Above the silver robe, the silver chain issued by Zhu Jin came to an abrupt stop, motionless, as if something blocked it!

The next moment, Xuan Xin's face turned hideous, and then he laughed suddenly, an extremely hot breath instantly emerged in the formation, and an extremely hot flame power emerged in front of him!

The flame was fiery red, even if it was only a trace, but the fluctuations emanating from it made Zhu Jin slightly surprised.

"On this **** Xuanxin..."

"How can there be the power of Sheng Yanzihuo..." Ling Mengsheng, who was outside the seventh-layer formation of the underground palace, stared blankly at Xuan Xin who was in the formation, the fire in front of Xuan Xin. The red flame was exactly the same as the Saint Yanzi fire that he possessed in his body!

"Weng buzzing!" At this time, within Lingmengsheng's body, the Saint Yanzihuo also exuded an extremely restless emotion.

However, Lingmengsheng knew that although the Saint Yanzi fire in his body was not small, it was undoubtedly much weaker than the Saint Yanzi fire in Xuanxin's body in front of him!

"Break it for me!" In the next instant, Xuanxin's whole body burst into flames, and the seemingly ferocious silver chain instantly turned into powder like a moth to a flame!

"Bamboo embers!"

"You are very strong."

"But in order to repay the loss I suffered in your hands last time, this time, I will unreservedly destroy your prestige as the so-called No. 1 battle formation master in Xuan Santian!"

"Suffer to death!" Xuan Xin's face suddenly turned hideous Immediately on her cheeks, an extremely crazy wave also emerged.

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, above Xuanxin's silver robe, the power of Dou Xian disappeared without a trace, and it was replaced by the power of Saint Yanzi's fire.

The fiery red Saint Yanzi's fire power just appeared, and suddenly the entire formation space became restless, as if it would collapse at any time!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying power of Sheng Yanzi's fire instantly shattered Zhu Jin's silver chains.

"Despicable."

"This is clearly the power of Yanchi." Seeing this, Zhu Jin immediately became alert, and there was a hint of hatred in his pupils.

Obviously, although Yanchi has not completely fallen after being imprisoned by the Xuanling royal family for so many years, Yanchi is not feeling well.

The body of Yanchi is the holy flame, even if it is now converted to human beings, it is the body of holy flame.

Although the powerhouses of the Xuanling Royal Family have no way to take him, they can't swallow him directly, but it is still possible to take some of the power of the Holy Flame from him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This time, let me see who can save you!"

"Die!" Xuan Xin's smile was extremely frantic, and there was an unusually hot fiery red in the pupils and all over his body, and then with the supreme flame power, he coldly despised Zhu Jin, while Zhu Jin only I feel that a wave of death slowly spreads out