Chapter Vol 4 1626: Xiao Clan's past!

"Hehe, you little guy, you really have a heart."

"As expected of the descendants of my Xiao clan." Listening to Xiao Yan's eloquent words, Yu Rou'er and Xiao Zifan suddenly felt a sense of relief in their hearts.

Although Xiao Gui was in a very bad situation when they were young, even extremely tortuous, they listened to Xiao Yan's understatement, but their hearts were filled with pain, but as parents, the two of them couldn't help themselves, if it wasn't for the two of them fighting together Do your best to send Xiao Gui out, I am afraid that when they end up, they will not be much better than them, but fortunately, the opportunity to reunite the family is near, and the mood of the two has become happy.

"This is the fourth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, close to the core of the Earth Spirit Pagoda, and it is greatly bound by the power of chaos, and the power of suppressing seals is superimposed, so it is extremely difficult to escape from here."

"My current strength is already the pinnacle of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals. I have tried countless methods over the years, but I can't escape from here."

"Because there is a great demon guarding here, if you want to escape from here, you can only defeat him." After a while, Xiao Zifan's eyes slowly raised his eyes, looking at a dark cloud outside the mountain and forest in the distance, and muttered.

"Great Demon?" Xiao Yan suddenly wondered when he heard the words, but Xiao Yan's keen perception noticed that Xiao Zifan, who was stronger than this Seven Star Fighting Immortal, was also quite afraid of this so-called Great Demon.

"The so-called Great Demon is an energy body that gathers evil forces, and its strength is also the peak of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. It's just that Zifan's attribute is a shadow type, so it is quite difficult to face that guy..." Yurou'er Meimu also There was a trace of worry, that kind of battle was not something she could handle, but now that her son was right in front of her eyes, if she couldn't escape this time, I'm afraid they would be separated from each other in the future.

"I have two holy flames, which can greatly restrain the power of the great demon. With the strength of the predecessors, it shouldn't be difficult to escape from here, right?" Suddenly, on Xiao Yan's palm, two holy flames slowly emerged, He opened his mouth immediately. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Er Duo Shengyan?" Listening to Xiao Yan's voice, Xiao Zifan's expression suddenly became strange!

Holy flame is one of the best holy spirits in the world, and it is also the strongest force against foreign evil races. However, only one holy flame can exist in one person. If two holy flames exist in one person at the same time, it will undoubtedly explode. body die.

"This guy... is it the same as those elders in the clan?"

"Or is it just a coincidence?" After a while, Xiao Zifan muttered slowly.

"Senior, what do you think?" The next moment, Xiao Yan asked.

"Little guy, do you have the guts to join hands with me to fight the Great Demon?"

"If we succeed in leaving then, we will give you a great fortune!" After a while, Xiao Zifan's handsome eyes stared at Xiao Yan's dark eyes, and smiled, Xiao Zifan knew that Xiao Yan's purpose seemed to be not only Only the fourth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"I can't ask for it." Xiao Yan heard the words, clapped his hands slowly, and said with a smile.

"In that case, get ready and set off immediately." Seeing Xiao Yan so cheerful, Xiao Zifan said with a smile.

"By the way, senior, when I was on the third floor just now, the fire phoenix powerhouse on the third floor seemed to have a lot of resentment towards our Xiao clan. Why is this..."

"Is there anything between the Dragon and Phoenix Clan and our Xiao Clan..." The next moment, before leaving, Xiao Yan decided to ask, after all, Xiao Zifan must know something.

"For the sake of your kid helping us, I'll just tell you a little bit."

"At the beginning of the first World War, the situation was anxious. When it was in the middle and late stages, countless forces were only seeking to protect themselves, but in the face of the endless attacks from the evil races outside the territory, the races and forces standing at the peak of the Great Thousand Worlds bore the brunt."

"Among them, the Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan are the two races that suffered the most losses. One time, the foreign evil clan aggressively attacked the Dragon Clan and Phoenix Clan, because the Dragon and Phoenix Clan were enemies from the back, and the two clans had a good relationship with our Xiao Clan at that time. Called our Xiao clan for help, and the Xiao clan immediately dispatched the strong men from the clan to support them in two ways, but at the last moment, for some unknown reason, none of the strong men sent by the Xiao clan to the Feng clan went to the Feng clan to rescue, even Since they left the Xiao Clan, there has been no news."

"In that battle, we, the strong people of the Xiao clan, helped the dragon clan resist the attack of the evil clan from outside the territory, and just now retained the fighting strength of the dragon clan and laid the groundwork for the subsequent victory, but the phoenix clan was greatly damaged. The relationship between the Clan and the Phoenix Clan was completely broken, and this situation was created just now."

"However, I remember that the Xiao Clan clearly allocated a lot of power to the Feng Clan, but they were nowhere to be seen. Even if the most senior members of the clan made a move, they did not detect their traces, which is quite strange..." Xiao Zifan Looking back, he was also extremely puzzled about this.

"Although the Dragon Clan is now torn apart, it is our Xiao Clan's strongest ally. After the first World War, the Phoenix Clan and our Xiao Clan have become enemies, similar to the existence of the Fire Phoenix, but only the Phoenix Clan. Some of them are of average status, if you encounter a strong Phoenix clan in the future, you should stay away." After the blink of an eye, Xiao Zifan opened his mouth and said.

"Alas..." Xiao Yan heard the words, so he nodded slowly, knowing the truth of the matter, he couldn't help muttering.

"Senior, I have something else to do, kid." After blinking Xiao Yan opened his mouth.

"You ask..." Xiao Zifan said calmly.

"Senior, junior take the liberty to ask, about the Xiao clan dissipating in the Great Thousand Worlds overnight, and even the countless vassal races all dissipating..." In an instant, Xiao Yan asked, after all, he was as strong as the seven-star Dou Xian peak. , Among the Xiao clan, they also have a certain right to speak, so Xiao Yan asked.

"I know these things, but it's not the time for you to know."

"Because the scope of those levels is too large, knowing that it won't do you any good." Listening to Xiao Yan's question, Rao Yi, the powerhouse at the peak of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, also felt a surge of interest. Feeling powerless, it seems that the reason for the disappearance of the Xiao clan is like a big mountain pressing in his heart.

"It seems that there is still a long way to go in the future... But I believe that sooner or later, I will make the Xiao Clan repeat its glory, and even make those who harm our Xiao Clan pay a heavy price." Xiao Zifan's rejection, Xiao Yan knew that he was doing it for his own good, and immediately said.

"Good guy, have ambition!"

"Although those forces are all at the peak of the Great Thousand World, our Xiao Clan is still the first race in the Great Thousand World. Even if it has been lonely for countless years, the camel is bigger than the horse, sooner or later, what they do, We'll make them pay a thousandfold."

"At that time, our descendants of the Xiao clan will also restore the glory of our clan." Qiqi's novel was first published on the whole network

"We...will be back."

"The next time the Xiao Clan returns, it will be time to take revenge against these forces."

"The glory of our clan must be rendered with blood by these guys." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Xiao Zifan said impassively. In an instant, the entire mountain forest was surging, and the surging power was like a surging river.