Chapter 487: The strong surge!

"The remnant soul of the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python has actually disappeared?" An extremely shocked look appeared in Xiao Yan's pupils!

Of course, Xiao Yan knew how terrifying the power of the Seven-Colored Sky Swallowing Python was, yet he was defeated by the combined force of the Xuanling King!

"The strength of this Xuanling King may have reached the level of a sixth-rank nine-star Dou Emperor..."

"Although that seven-colored swallowing python is just a remnant of a soul, it should not be underestimated." Long Yi on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan opened his mouth and said to Xiao Yan.

"Senior, if you take action, you will have some plans for this Shefu or Qin Tian!" Xiao Yan became anxious and said.

"After all, Shefu is a half-immortal. If I go against her, I am afraid that the odds of winning will not exceed 30%. As for Qin Tian, ​​who is at the peak of Dou Di, I am afraid that it will be 55%." Long Yi passed through the black and white barrier, and then opened his mouth. road.

"Five or five?" After Long Yi finished speaking, Xiao Yan was shocked.

Because no matter what, the strength of this Long Yi during his lifetime had reached the Dou Xian, far from being comparable to those of the half-immortal or Dou Emperor peak.

"Don't look at me, I seem to feel a rather peculiar power in Qin Tian's body... What power, it seems to be terrifying!" Long Yi said slightly, with a dignified voice in his voice.

"Is this Qin Tian so terrifying..." Xiao Yan murmured.

This Long Yi's strength during his lifetime was extremely terrifying, even if it is only a soul body now, its strength is comparable to that of a half-immortal powerhouse!

If Long Yi said that Qin Tian had a terrifying power, then he had to pay attention!

Xiao Yan was also concentrating, because with his huge soul power, Xiao Yan was able to have a panoramic view of the battle in the black and white barrier!

"Tang Tang?" Just as Xiao Yan was about to watch the battle between Shefu and Qin Tian, ​​a familiar figure suddenly appeared beside Xiao Yan.

"Well, it's me." Tang Tang said slightly.

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan frowned.

"The battle between the Medusa family and the Xuanling royal family should be over soon... Are you interested in going to the Medusa Temple?" Tang Tang said slightly, and a frenzy emerged.

"The Temple of Medusa?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his dark pupils suddenly lifted, and then he stared at the white body hidden under the desert.

Just as his pupils were staring at the Medusa Temple, a soul tremor suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's mind!

"That's..." The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly.

"What!" At the moment when Xiao Yan's soul power trembled, the members of the Blood Blade Mercenary Group clearly felt a trace of uneasiness in the invisible soul power covering the body.

"What is in this Medusa Temple..." Xiao Yan's pupils turned slightly, and then for some reason, there was always a slightly familiar aura looming in this Medusa Temple!

"Forget it, although there are a lot of rumors in this Medusa Temple, you have to have a life to enjoy it, right?" Xiao Yan didn't know what Tang Tang had in mind, so he immediately refused.

If you enter this temple, I am afraid there will be death and no life!

"Our blood blade mercenary group has a new plan. For this cooperation, we can only terminate it... I'm sorry." Tang Tang had a difficult opening, and after opening it, he stared at Xiao Yan.

After speaking, a heavy bag of medicinal pills appeared in his hand, and then threw it directly at Xiao Yan.

"Okay, then let's separate here." Xiao Yan's eyes rolled quickly, how could he not know what Tang Tang was thinking!

The secrets held in the temple of the Medusa family, I am afraid that the entire Xuan Santian is quite jealous!

If you can make a fortune from this, I'm afraid you won't have to be so dangerous in the future.

"that……"

"What you need, or there is in the desert, but it's too dangerous..." Tang Tang and his party were just about to leave, and then Tang Tangbei's lips moved slightly.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan naturally knew what Tang Tang meant, and immediately thanked him.

"What should we do?" Xiao Yi on the side said slowly, and then opened her mouth.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I still want to go to the desert area. I can feel that there is something I need." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"Then go for a break!" When Xiao Yi heard the words, she also spoke boldly!

"Don't worry, I sensed that Mu Feng and the others are right next to us, so let's meet them first..."

"And the drama between the Xuanling royal family and the Medusa clan seems to have just begun!" Xiao Yan suddenly laughed. With Xiao Yan's huge perception, he naturally sensed that many extremely terrifying powerhouses were approaching here. , in less than a minute, the powerhouses of the Medusa clan will gather, and the situation of the Xuanling royal family may be at stake!

"Captain, should we just give up that desert area like this, where is the thing for us..." The man with scars on the side spoke a little reluctantly.

"The desert area and the temple of the Medusa family, or the latter is more surprising... As for the desert area, I always feel that something is wrong, let's forget it." Tang Tang said slightly.

"But why tell that Xiao Yan that they are from the Fenxiang Pavilion. If they die here, I am afraid that the Fenxiang Pavilion will only be counted on our heads!" The coyote said after thinking.

"It shouldn't be, those little guys are not fuel-efficient lamps." After Tang Tang finished speaking, he tried his best to hide his strength, and then slowly approached the temple of the Medusa family!

"Damn, someone defeated the guardian beast and entered the temple?" In the black and white barrier, the snake just found that the remnant soul of the colorful swallowing python had disappeared without a trace, and immediately said angrily.

"Hehe, old monster, I have already said that my Xuanling royal family has a great career and a lot of talents. Isn't it comparable to your snake people?" In the black and white barrier Qin Tianzhou A black and white light ball full of the power of life and death constantly appeared around him, and then slowly opened his mouth.

"There's no need to do too many fights with snakes!"

"Entering the temple, it's not necessarily a good thing for them!" On the old face of Shefu, some unpleasant emotions suddenly appeared.

Through that trace of displeasure, Qin Tian seemed to sense something, and then shook his head. After all, Qin Tian was quite satisfied with King Xuanling.

The things on the seventh floor of the underground palace can be subdued, and that kind of perseverance is far beyond comparison!

"Then don't worry about it!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, then clenched his fists, and a terrifying wind that contained the power of life and death suddenly shot at Shefu!

"Humph!" Shefu snorted softly, raised the snake-headed crutch in his hand, and resisted Qin Tian's seemingly terrifying attack at will.

"As expected of a half-immortal-level powerhouse..." Qin Tian narrowed his eyes slightly, then stared coldly at Shefu in front of him!

With the roar of the snake, Qin Tian clearly felt a black and **** emerge.

"Qin Tian, ​​this time, I'll let you see the power of a real half-immortal powerhouse." Shefu said slowly, and then the snake-headed staff sent out fiery fluctuations, and was chased by mysterious demons in the desert. The green snake's breath suddenly soared, and then came towards the black and white enchantment!

"This is..." Emperor Qin Tiandou's peak strength, he saw something was wrong at first sight, he immediately clenched his fists, and a chill suddenly emerged from the bottom of his heart!

Ask for tickets!