Chapter 220: Mystery man!

Since the fire of the root of Longyi, the spirit of the ruler of the eternal fire, was swallowed up by Xiao Yan, Long Yi also knew that if he wanted to see the sun again in the future, then he had to rely on Xiao Yan. After all, he is now all betting On Xiao Yan.

The power of the source was swallowed up, and the dragon soul lost the chance to escape, so he could only stay within the ancient ruler of the different fire.

"That's right."

"I have lived in this corpse forest for thousands of years, but I am familiar with it."

"There is one of the biggest treasures in the corpse forest, and it exists on the third floor of the corpse forest, and I can guarantee that this treasure cannot even be touched by the overlord of the corpse forest, Yinyue Sirius." Long Yi also said proudly.

"Don't betray you, where is it?" Xiao Yan also said inexplicably.

"Follow me." After Long Yi finished speaking, an extremely small force also overflowed along the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire, and then went to a place.

"Go this way." Xiao Yan also followed quickly and said to the two behind him.

"Let's go away first, it's not good to attract others' attention here." Youquan and Hongye's voices came from the well in the same way, and they obviously heard the quarrel outside.

"Yes!" A group of people outside the well also disappeared without a trace, leaving only Mueller alone.

"Damn Soul Race, what the **** are you doing?" Mueller said in a mood, apparently even he didn't know why he came to the third floor of this terrifying Infernal Forest.

The thinking was fruitless, and Mueller's figure was also hidden.

Before we knew it, a day had passed, but Xiao Yan and the others also noticed that the ghost energy around them had clearly grown stronger.

"We have entered the core area of ​​the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, everyone be careful." Xiao Yan also looked around vigilantly and said.

"Yueru?"

"Mu Feng?" After patrolling around, Xiao Yan also looked behind him and found that the two had disappeared!

"Hey, don't worry, these are just some protection techniques on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest, they're just some tricks."

"It will disperse in a while."

"And Yueru and Mu Feng are also in it, but there is no danger. They will recover after passing through here." Long Yi, who was on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, also noticed Xiao Yan's change, and then went out. sound.

"There are two huge breaths on the third floor of this corpse forest..." The Golden Dragon King muttered in Xiao Yan's body, but it was fleeting, and it was quiet again, apparently slowly refining the secret realm. Dragon Qi, thereby restoring some of his strength.

"Long Yi, why did we go to the east?" Xiao Yan also found that the Infernal Corpse Forest was only on the east and west sides, which was quite strange.

"The treasure I'm talking about exists in the easternmost part. As for the west part, it is the overlord of the Infernal Corpse Forest, where the Silver Moon Heavenly Wolf is located..."

"This is still the dividing line between the things on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest. I hope I won't meet him..." Long Yi said weakly.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan stopped at a small hole around him. After all, the ghost energy around him was weak and there was almost no trace of ghosts.

According to Long Yi, the passage here contains passages, which used to be the place where the Yinyue Sirius lived, but now the Yinyue Sirius has already occupied the west, so this cave is also abandoned.

Compared with other places full of ghosts, this place is extraordinarily strange.

Xiao Yan walked in slowly, while carefully observing the place.

This is a small cave, only a few feet, and there is nothing in it, but the strange thing is that this cave is actually bright, which is very strange.

Xiao Yan probed carefully for a long time, but he didn't understand why there was light here. It was clearly the bottom of the cave, so it should be impossible for moonlight to appear...

Suddenly Xiao Yan's body turned around, and the breath all over his body also increased to the limit, and then he snorted coldly: "Who is it, come out!"

At the same time, I saw the milky white flame on Xiao Yan's body flourishing, and a terrifying flame instantly illuminated the entire cave.

At the same time, Xiao Yan was also holding the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng tightly in his hand, because he felt an extremely terrifying force from the moment he entered the cave.

On the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, Long Yi also looked around vigilantly, and then a huge force on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was slowly rotating, a layer of crimson light, from the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng. The top fell off, and Xiao Yan was firmly protected inside.

If you look closely, there is no one.

But a voice came from the void in the cave.

"A rare young man, you have quite a few secrets in your body, but I didn't expect you to dare to come here. It's very rare. Do you know where this place is?"

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was also shocked. This voice contained extremely terrifying power, and then the huge soul power dispersed in an instant, constantly changing positions and exploring everything around him.

Xiao Yan also said: "Who are you, why don't you show up? You can be sneaky and have the demeanor of a strong man."

"And where is this place? Isn't this the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest? Why can't I come?"

In the void, there was a sudden laugh in the voice: "Young man, I don't have any malicious intentions, I'm just bored and lonely here. I want to find someone to chat with. Would you like to chat with me?"

"As for this place, it is the two most mysterious places in the corpse forest."

"This Infernal Corpse Forest is divided into three floors. Most people don't know the entrance to the third floor, so they can't enter."

"As for the cave where you are now, there are extremely tyrannical restrictions and isolation. People who don't know it can't find that restriction, and they can't get in at all."

"So you can come in, I'm a little weird If you're willing to chat with me, I'll show up to see you, if you don't, just leave, it's just so many years, I It's really lonely."

At this time, Xiao Yan's soul force had already captured the position of the voice, but this result surprised Xiao Yan.

Because what he found out was that the sound was not in this space, but in another space, and his voice was just transmitted in a special way.

The strength of this person is very rare, this is something Xiao Yan has never encountered before.

Xiao Yan also said softly: "Since you are lonely, please come out. I also have a lot of things that I don't understand, and I want to ask you for advice."

"As long as you are not malicious, I will not take the initiative to attack others."

The voice laughed and said, "Alright, it's rare that after so many years, there will be human beings here. It can be considered a fate. I will see you."

"I hope nothing unpleasant will happen between us, and I hope my appearance won't scare you."

As soon as these words came out, Xiao Yan was about to speak when he suddenly felt the aura around the cave suddenly fluctuate.

A flashing crack appeared out of nowhere in the cave, and a figure shining with silver light came out of the crack in an instant, quietly appeared a few feet away from Xiao Yan, and looked at Xiao Yan with a smile.

Xiao Yan was startled, such an instant transfer, appearing here out of thin air from another dimension, without profound strength, it is absolutely impossible.

Who is this person and why he has such profound strength is really mysterious.

"This breath, could it be him!" The ruler Linglongyi on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng was also staring at the man in front of him.

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: