Chapter Vol 4 1657: Cunning means!

"Crash!" Immediately, a stream of water emerged directly from the impenetrable barrier below. Then, a figure of a behemoth slowly appeared in everyone's sight, but it was wrapped in countless turbulent currents. It was impossible to identify what kind of creature it was in a short time, but the majestic aura showed its extraordinary origin.

"Damn...what is this?" The powerhouses of the Five Sects Alliance were originally standing in the void, exerting their fighting spirit to resist the enchantment power, so as to protect the law for the two of the Xuantian Temple, but now with the emergence of a mysterious creature, Immediately, there was a touch of fear, and it suddenly appeared. It seemed that the mysterious creature hidden under the water could easily kill them, and there was a hint of retreat immediately.

It's just that they didn't find out that the two of them in Xuantian Temple had been preparing to crack the barrier, but they were actually secretly moving some hands and feet. With the appearance of this behemoth, a trace of cracks appeared on the edge of the barrier.

"No, go back!" At the same time, You Er, who was standing at the front of the team, snorted softly, his figure burst back, and left the void in the basin's enchantment. Obviously, with the tyranny of her soul, she had already noticed it. Creatures hidden under the water curtain.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hoohoho!" After a while, the huge figure wrapped in the water flow in the sky, the body vibrated like a mountain shaking, the water curtain all over the body was directly shaken away, and the turbulent water flow burst out at the other powerhouses. , as for its figure, it also appeared in the sight of everyone.

"Guru."

"This is... a wild beast?" Looking at the huge creature with a body length of nearly a thousand meters in front of him, the pupils of everyone present shrank tightly and lost their voices.

"I didn't expect that there are such creatures guarding here." In the dark, Xiao Yan and the three of them lurked at ease. At this time, Xiao Yan stared at the behemoth.

"you know?"

"What kind of creature is this, looking at this breath, I'm afraid it is comparable to the power of the early stage of the human five-star fighting immortal." Irene hugged Little Zhuoma tightly and asked.

"This ancient giant beast is called Huang."

"Some people also call it a desolate beast, because its existence is the birthplace of the fate of the heavens and the earth. The place where it exists is the blessed land of the heavens, and it breeds countless miracles." Xiao Yan said softly.

Looking around, that Huang is like two balls, one big and one small. The lower body is round, but on top of his body, bursts of silver scales emerge, and above the silver scales, there is an extremely weak miniature ball. Above the ball, a pair of pupils shimmering with silver luster slowly emerged. In addition to the fatness of his arms and feet, it seems that this guy's random strikes contain quite terrifying power.

"He has a small head and a big belly... This guy looks very stupid." Seeing such a creature emerge, Irene wondered. Obviously, it is difficult to associate a creature of this level with a wild beast. Together.

"Go ahead and obliterate this guardian, and the rest is ours!" Seeing the appearance of the wild beast, the two of Xuantian Hall shouted at the crowd, but their eyes were still fixed on the knot. The cracks on the edge of the world, they know that with their three teams, it is quite difficult to repel the wild beasts, let alone obliterate them.

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, the two of them looked at each other in Xuantian Hall, and the incomparably fierce and gloomy ghostly energy also permeated from other bodies, and then the figure was as fast as lightning, and it easily attacked Huang's body.

"Bang bang bang!" The gloomy ghost qi carried a shocking and terrifying power, but when the two dim light beams attacked the barren and bulging body, it was like hitting cotton and did not cause any damage to it.

"This guy...it's not easy!" Seeing the two in Xuantian Hall, You Er and the powerhouses of the five sect alliances suddenly felt nervous.

Among the five alliances, only Zhao Guang was the only one in the early stage of Five-Star Dou Xian. Not gaining any advantage in the hands of such a beast makes them quite vigilant. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"Why are you still standing there, do it!"

"This beast's defense is too tyrannical." The two figures in Xuantian Temple burst back, and immediately roared at the other two teams.

"Do it!" Seeing the two people in Xuantian Hall being so embarrassed, the dazzling Dou Qi fluctuations spread out from the five members of the Five Sect Alliance, and at the same time they attacked Huang.

"This guy... seems to be doing it on purpose?"

"What is it doing?" You'er didn't act rashly. With her soul power, she could easily find out that the reason for Huang's quietness was not fear of them, but something brewing.

"This guy has a lot of dark diseases in his body, and he actually wants to use their power to restore himself. It's really a very high intelligence."

"Master of Fire Guard, let's go." At the end of the sentence, an extremely vague black shadow followed Xiao Yan's back to face the crowd, but no one noticed that Xiao Yan, who had cast Master of Fire Guard, was clearly visible. There is no shadow.

"Damn... This guy's turtle shell is too hard, our attack can't cause any injury to him, and it's not the way to go on like this." After a few minutes, the five powerhouses of the Five Sects Alliance and the Xuantian Temple two continued in succession. They shot, but their power disappeared strangely after hitting the silver scales of Huang's lower body, but no one noticed that the cracks on the edge of the enchantment in front of them were quite obvious.

"Gululu!" Just when everyone was at a loss, the barren silver pupils suddenly opened, and a more powerful aura permeated instantly.

"This beast actually used our power to restore his origin..."

"It's probably already comparable to the powerhouses in the middle stage of the human five-star fighting immortals." At this time, the two powerhouses in the Xuantian Temple had dark eyes, looking at the barren beast guarding the edge of the barrier.

"Hoohoho!" The huge body squirmed in an instant, and then a silver force, centered on itself, with an extremely tyrannical destructive wave, attacked everyone, and the force was filled with The power of the crowd is extremely strange.

"I'll still come."

"Ghost spirits!" Looking at this scene Xuantian Temple, the strange handprints of the palms of the two changed, and in a short period of time, they turned into a strange palm surrounded by dim light!

The palm of the hand is surrounded by dim light as a whole, and there are even traces of suffocating fluctuations in it.

"A person from the kingdom of ghosts?" Irene below looked at this scene and said abruptly.

"The kingdom of ghosts?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, as if he had thought of something.

"Boom boom boom boom!" Huang's attack collided instantly, and the extremely hot energy sparked everywhere, causing the temperature here to soar suddenly, but the place where the explosion was, was secretly transferred to the knot by the two guys in Xuantian Temple. Cracks at the edge of the border.

"Weng buzzing!" With a sound, the weak crack instantly magnified several times.

"Whoosh whoosh!"

"These two guys really have ghosts!"

"Follow!" In an instant, Xiao Yan and the three of them turned into a stream of light and fell directly into the fleeting void. At the same time, You Er and Mu Wushuang followed along, leaving only five alliances left. The guy is dealing with the wild beast!

It all happened in a flash.

Before the five members of the Five Sect Alliance had time to do anything, the rift closed instantly, leaving an extremely angry wasteland, and their situation was probably in jeopardy.

And with the appearance and disappearance of this strange void, everyone also directly penetrated the mysterious barrier and the guardian of the barren, and headed towards the bottom of the glacial Tianhe!

And this time, the most important thing in the Glacier Tianhe is probably about to emerge.