Chapter Vol 4 861: Dragon Soul Hunter

"Prepare to start, capture the fighting spirit!" The next moment, Qin Tian's pupils shrank tightly and said to the people behind him.

"Yes, head." The other strong men of the Dragon-loving Legion heard the words and immediately spoke.

"Zizi."

"A man from a legion."

"The weakest one also has the rank of eight-star Dou Di, and the strongest one has the peak of Dou Di, so he really looks down on me." At this time, Immortal Ming Que Que opened her mouth and said.

But even so, the immortal Mingqueque has no fear at all.

Don't look at the fact that the current strength of the undead nymph is only the peak of Dou Di, but the undead nymph can be called the undead nymph, naturally it has its secrets.

Moreover, even if he took 10,000 steps back and said, even if the immortal Mingque was caught by Qin Tian's group, the immortal Mingque would still have its own abilities and stand in an invincible position!

Immortal Mingque, why not die?

"Undead Mingque, give up resistance."

"You alone can't beat us." Qin Tian said slightly.

"If you think that you want to catch me with the help of you people, it would be too ridiculous!" Undead Mingque is indeed a fighting spirit with the strength of fighting immortals, facing as many as ten strong men, not afraid at all.

"Head of the regiment." Ye Mo heard the words, and naturally felt that the immortal sparrow was not easy to mess with, so he said immediately.

"This undead ghost is certainly a fighting spirit at the level of Dou Xian, but now its strength is also suppressed by the peak of Dou Di."

"Let's test the truth first!" Qin Tian stared at the undead Ming Sparrow, looked up and down, and said.

I don't know why, Qin Tianque smelled some strange fluctuations from this undead ghost.

That fluctuation is somewhat like the fluctuation of fighting skills.

However, according to the records, there has never been an exception for a fighting spirit to practice fighting skills.

"This undead bird is cunning by nature."

"Just now after the battle between the Solomon Sect Master and the Wandu Sect, if you didn't show up, I'm afraid he would take advantage of the fisherman and kill them, so be careful." Qi Haoqing suddenly said at this time.

"As expected, it is a fighting spirit whose wisdom does not lose to human beings." Qin Tian was not surprised when he heard this.

Although the Solomon Sect Master has a fairy weapon of the level of the Vast Sea Cover, if he wants to subdue the fighting spirit, I am afraid that he is still a little short.

"Go!" After Qin Tian finished speaking, the nine strong men around him immediately stepped up.

The nine strong men lined up one by one.

Ye Mo, Xuan Ming, Qingmu, Fan Yu, Mu Chen, Mu Chenfeng, Yaoxin, Xuan Wanxin, Xuan Mo.

Among the nine people, the weakest person also has the power of the eight-star fighting emperor. As for a few of them, the strength has reached the level of the nine-star fighting emperor. Therefore, at this time, some people exude pure white vitality, while others On the human body, an extremely dazzling black and **** of life and death erupted!

With the combined force of the nine people, I am afraid that the real Dou Di peak powerhouse can only temporarily avoid its edge.

Qin Tian didn't move. After all, the title of Duke Ming was not for nothing!

Qin Tian stood blankly in the air, watching the other nine people who were fighting with the immortal Mingque, carefully observing the movements of the immortal Mingque.

"This undead sparrow seems to be much stronger than imagined."

"The thing that King Xuanling gave me, although I can subdue it, but I think if that thing is used, I am afraid that the fighting spirit will be his."

"So you can't use that thing, you can only outsmart it." Qin Tian thought slowly in his heart.

However, the undead ghost seems to be full of ridicule for the nine people who came besieged by him.

In a short while, the undead sparrows poured directly into the molten world and disappeared!

At the same time, a dazzling wave reverberated in this molten world!

"Is the undead ghost bird down?" Xuanmo exclaimed immediately.

"Is there a cave below?" Yaoxin was also surprised, but with his own soul power, he didn't find any other space below, and there seemed to be only endless lava below!

"Not good!" Qin Tian suddenly realized something, adding that the wings behind the undead Mingque were already ignited when they poured into the molten world, and he burst into a drink.

Such fluctuations are probably the fluctuations of some extremely powerful fighting skills!

"Fast back!" After a few breaths, Qin Tian suddenly shouted at the nine people, his voice was full of urgency, obviously something dangerous was about to happen.

The other nine strong men were still standing in the air at this time, and when they heard Qin Tian's urgent call, they didn't hesitate to disperse directly from the molten world where the undead sparrow fell!

"late!"

"Exploding Flame Sword!" But just when Ye Mojiu was about to leave, a burst of dazzling light suddenly appeared in the molten world, and then a scorching wave with a destructive aura instantly appeared from the molten world. After speaking, he appeared from the molten world!

What caught my eye was an incomparably huge, gigantic flaming sword with an aura of scorching heat and destruction!

The whole body of Yanjian is wrapped in fiery red power, like a flame elf!

"not good!"

"It's a holy fighting skill!"

"Retreat!" Ye Mo was the first to bear the brunt, immediately felt a destructive wave from the hot wave, and said directly to the crowd.

"That's too late!"

"I can't run anymore!"

"Deputy Head!"

"Let's fight!" At the next moment, Qingmu, Yaoxin, and Xuanmo spoke at the same time. They knew that the power of Saint-level fighting skills was no trivial matter, and it was obviously impossible to escape at such a close distance.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"damn it!"

"This fighting spirit is actually a beast who has mastered fighting skills, and he is still a saint!" Ye Mo couldn't help but scolded.

But at the next moment, the tip of the extremely hot Sword of Destruction is already very close to them, I am afraid they will be able to kill them in the next breath!

"Battle!" Ye Mo made a decisive decision and spoke directly.

And with Ye Mo's opening, the other eight strong men flashed a strange color all over their bodies!

"Gathering strength!" Ye Mo said directly, and then the other eight strong men flashed a dazzling light and then gathered on Ye Mo's body.

In a short period of time, the power of the eight powerhouses all wilted!

At this time, Ye Mo absorbed the power of the other eight strong men, and the power exploded instantly, breaking through the current realm in a short time, and actually reached the peak of all points!

"Xuantian's wrathful spirit hand!" An angry roar suddenly sounded from Ye Mo's mouth.

And with Ye Mo's roar, in front of Ye Mo's body, a palm that touched about zhangxu appeared faintly!

The palm of the body is full of glass, filled with boundless ancient smell, and an equally huge power of destruction emerges.

"He even showed his holy rank fighting skills." Although Qin Tian was worried about the danger of everyone, he didn't act in a hurry.

Just ask, how can someone who can enter the Dragon Addiction Legion be incompetent!

"Break it for me!" Ye Mo shouted, and the Liuli palm immediately attacked the flaming sword of the undead Mingque!

"It seems that these humans also have some strength." Undead Mingque glanced at the dazzling fluctuations around Ye Mo, and naturally knew that it was also a fighting skill of the holy class!

Although Liuli's palm is extremely small, the power contained in it cannot be underestimated at all!

"If that's the case, let's see if your holy rank fighting skills are powerful, or yours is even better!" After the undead Mingque finished speaking, his wings were slightly fanned, and a steady stream of flame power poured into the flames in front of him. In the sword, then the two attacked viciously together.