Chapter Vol 4 1088: Yinyue Immortal Bow, seriously injured Xuanling King

"Yueru, don't fight with him."

"Kill the phantom on his chest, and leave the rest to me!" And Xiao Yan and the holy flame fusion last resort, as long as he completely kills the Gorefiend, he can use it.

Although I don't know why, but Xiao Yan vaguely guessed from the burning decision, that combined with the power of holy flame, this Xuanling King is definitely not his opponent!

"Okay!" Yue Ru heard that, although she was puzzled, she did not dare to be distracted when fighting against a powerhouse like Xuanling King, who had completed the battle of immortals with one star, and agreed.

"You bastard, you're so messed up." And Xiao Yan walked over slightly, Cai Lin couldn't help laughing and scolding, obviously if it wasn't for Yue Ru's appearance just now, if Xiao Yan really exploded, I'm afraid according to Cai Lin's temperament, he would definitely not Will watch Xiao Yan like this, even if he is seriously injured, he still wants to save Xiao Yan.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan heard this, but did not speak, and grinned.

"There will be a fierce battle in a while."

"Please reply to your strength first." Cai Lin hesitated for a while, and then said, because she knew that with so many strong people here under the control of King Xuanling, things might not be so simple.

At this time, Xiao Yan's strength has temporarily dropped to the level of a five-star fighting emperor because of the detonation of twenty-three kinds of strange fires in his body, but Xiao Yi has already become a fire elf formed by the fusion of many strange fires, and he has long been immune to the strange fires in Xiao Yan's body. influence.

"As long as I kill the Gorefiend, I will have enough ability to kill King Xuanling."

"I hope the fusion of the two holy flames will allow me to..." Xiao Yan slowly opened his mouth while swallowing the medicinal pill, his voice full of confidence.

At this time, in the sky, the Lord of Soul Eater and Xuan Cang were constantly negotiating, and the other ten fighting immortals were trapped in the blood river bell. As for Long Yi and Xiao Yi, they were evenly matched, and they were inextricably fighting for a while. .

"I don't see that you still have a second chance." King Xuanling and Yueru briefly fought for a few rounds, then stopped and said to him.

King Xuanling didn't know why, but he always felt that the strength of the woman in front of him was not simple.

According to her strength, at most the woman in front of her is in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, but how could she be so indistinguishable from her?

You must know that you have devoured the Gorefiend, and there is still ghost energy in his body. In addition to the power of life and death that he originally cultivated, there are as many as three kinds of power, but no one can deal with him so easily.

"You have done a lot of evil, and today is your judgment day!"

"Monster Moon Slash!" And Yueru didn't talk nonsense with King Xuanling. On the palm of her hand, a round of beautiful and bright moonlight slowly emerged.

"What kind of power is this..." On the other hand, King Xuanling stared at the bright moonlight in Yueru's palm, and an uneasy feeling emerged.

"Pretend to be a ghost!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Death to me!" King Xuanling hesitated for a moment, and the next moment, his figure skyrocketed. In his palm, a blood-colored evil force emerged and shot him directly.

"This King Xuanling devoured the Gorefiend, and now he can actually use the power of the Gorefiend, but although this devouring wiped out all the intentions of the Gorefiend, it will cause endless troubles."

"If you are accidentally bitten by the Gorefiend, hehe."

"But in the end, when the Xuanling King fell, the power of these evil races from outside the realm, for me, was a big boost. After all, there is a Soul Eater Talisman..." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Boom boom boom!" Yueru held the bright moonlight, and then turned into a beautiful short blade. On the short blade, a round moon pattern was divided into mysterious, and then gently raised the short blade, facing the Xuanling King. Assassination away.

"This short blade is not simple... I'm afraid it is the fairy weapon of the Fairy Moon." While Xiao Yan tried to recover from the injury below, he said slowly.

With his perception, he knew the majestic energy contained in the mysterious pattern on the short blade, and I am afraid that even a complete powerhouse with a single star would not be able to decipher it!

"Crash!" Strangely, when the **** evil power in Xuanling's palm just touched the Yueru short blade, it suddenly stalemate, and the evil power showed a hint of fear.

"Bang bang bang!" Seeing this, Yue Ru's face turned cold, and then she squeezed hard and directly shook the figure of King Xuanling back.

"Little girl, you are challenging my few patience."

"Let this blow and get to know you thoroughly!" King Xuanling seemed to be afraid of the strange short blade on Yueru's body, so he opened his mouth, and as soon as the words fell, there was a mass of blood energy on King Xuanling's body. slowly condensed.

"That's what I mean." Seeing this, Yueru smiled slightly, and then closed her beautiful eyes slightly.

The next moment, the full moon directly above the altar exuded a dazzling brilliance, which then completely turned this place into night, and a trace of the power of moonlight kept tilting down from the full moon, slowly scattered on the moon. on Ru.

"Bright moon!" Yue Ru let out a snarl, her beautiful eyes suddenly opened, and at the same time, on the forehead, a mysterious full moon pattern that was exactly the same as that on the short blade suddenly flashed!

"Silver Moon Bow!" After a while, a silver bow and arrow condensed by the bright moonlight slowly emerged from the mysterious rune on Yueru's forehead!

"Shabu Shabu!" With the emergence of the silver moon bow, Yueru's whole body will be like a fairy who doesn't eat fireworks, and it will be very solemn!

"Good guy, you actually even learned Fairy Moon's famous skills."

"The silver moon bow is also a very terrifying existence among immortal artifacts." And the Lord of Soul Eater also said.

"The blood demon swallows the sky!"

"Fall for me!" The next moment, King Xuanling's attack was finally condensed, and he didn't care what Yueru was doing, the blood and energy all over his body opened his huge mouth and swallowed Yueru away!

Such a strong evil aura, if it is stained with any trace, I am afraid that it will instantly lose one's mind!

"Yueru, you can't be in trouble..." And Xiao Yan below, clenched his fists tightly, staring intently at the battle in the sky.

Finally, just when King Xuanling's **** evil force was about to attack Xiao Yan, Yueru moved.

"Silver Moon Bow... been silent for so long."

"It's time to shine your own light."

"Silver Moon Bow!" And Yueru seemed to whisper to the exquisite fairy bow in her palm Following Yueru's muttering, the Yinyue fairy bow seemed to understand Yueru's intentions, and Weng buzzed. A burst of extremely excited joy echoed to Yueru.

"Let me urge you." Seeing this, Yueru placed her satisfied jade hand on the center of the fairy bow, making it look like she was pulling a bow!

"Hahaha!"

"Don't talk about the Yinyue Immortal Bow, you don't even have a bow and spin, and you are trying to defeat me!"

"Die!" King Xuanling didn't panic when he saw Yueru's habit, and burst out laughing!

"Boom boom boom!" King Xuanling's voice just fell, and then the blood-colored air mass's ferocious mouth directly swallowed Yueru!

"It's over!" King Xuanling looked at Yueru who had no resistance, shook his head and said, his voice full of ecstasy.

"Not yet..." And in the sky above the altar that had been swallowed by the blood-colored air mass, there was still a small space protected by a bright moonlight.

In the narrow space, on the exquisite silver moon bow, a sacred arrow with the annihilation of all things, slowly absorbing the power of countless bright moons, came into being at the historic moment.

"Yinyue Bow... go." Yueru shouted softly, and then the jade hand loosened slightly. At that time, the silver bow and arrow with incomparable divine power, like a runaway horse, shot directly at Xuanling King. And go!

Wherever the Yinyue Bow and Arrow passed, the evil aura receded everywhere, this blow can be described as a real killer move!

Still coding, there should be another update