Chapter Vol 4 1572: Weird leaves!

"Do not miss passing through."

"Acacia liquid, the peerless divine water of the flesh and bones of the living dead."

"The Nether Stone, I got it from the inside of the Acacia tree after all the hardships, don't miss it when you pass by."

"..." In the zero-hour market, there were endless shouts.

"cut……"

"It's really relying on the limelight of the acacia tree to come here and make a fortune." Xiao Yan walked on the other side of the zero-hour market, constantly searching for something strange, so listening to these shouts, he couldn't help rolling his eyes and said. .

These things in front of them are clearly ordinary things, but at this time they have actually carried them to sky-high prices.

Zero Hour Market, this is an open space at the very edge of Soul Valley. It is strange to say that the power of lovesickness is extremely strange, covering a kilometer range, but this place is not affected by the power of lovesickness, and immediately It has been developed by many powerhouses and formed a natural protection area. It also provides a trading place for powerhouses who try to enter the acacia tree. In the open space, a seemingly shrewd powerhouse divides this place. Many strong people choose to live here, and there are many treasures here. Of course, most of these treasures are in a dusty state. Whether they can be discovered or not depends on their ability.

"what……"

"Fire Phoenix Grass?" After a while, Xiao Yan stopped in front of a booth, slightly surprised.

"Stinky boy, I have treasures here. If you don't have enough capital, don't act rashly." Just when Xiao Yan squatted down, the middle-aged man guarding the booth snorted coldly.

"Fire phoenix grass, this thing can only be formed by absorbing the blood of the phoenix, how can there be such a precious thing here?" Xiao Yan ignored the stall owner's words, squatted down and slowly looked at the medicinal materials in front of him.

The fire phoenix grass shimmered with golden luster all over its body, and its leaves were about four, but each piece seemed to contain some kind of special magic power, and this medicinal material was enough to refine a fifth-grade immortal-level medicinal pill, which made Xiao Yan Quite shocked.

"Senior, how do you sell this column of medicinal materials?" After a while, Xiao Yan stood up and said to the middle-aged man in front of him.

"Ten million." The middle-aged man frowned, first glanced at Xiao Yan, then at the golden grass below, and immediately said.

Naturally, he didn't know what this golden grass was, so he would sell it. Otherwise, if he knew it was a phoenix grass, he would probably not sell it if he was killed. After all, the value of the phoenix grass is only in gold coins. Measured, I am afraid it is not impossible to auction hundreds of millions of sky-high prices.

"Ten million?" Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help but look shocked and said in surprise.

"Senior, I only shot this grass after seeing it, one million." Xiao Yan pouted.

As an old Jianghu, Xiao Yan naturally knows that if he lets others see that he is interested in this thing, I am afraid that these guys will raise its value to a sky-high price.

"Boy, don't think I don't know what you're up to."

"I risked getting this thing from the inside of Soul Valley, and its value will definitely not be low." Seeing Xiao Yan's shocked expression, the middle-aged stall owner also said slowly.

"Forget it." Xiao Yan heard the words and got up to leave.

"Ahhh, come back."

"One million is one million." After a while, the middle-aged stall owner also had no choice but to make a deal with Xiao Yan. After all, if this kind of thing can be sold for one million, it is already very good.

"What is this?"

"One million, let's add this leaf." He took out the crystal card and gave the gold coin to the middle-aged stall owner. Suddenly Xiao Yan's eyes lit up, and his palm lightly brushed over a leaf placed on the edge of the stall. , said.

"No, this thing is not easy."

"One million gold coins can only buy the immortal grass just now. If your Excellency is interested in this leaf, I will not sell it if it is less than 100 million gold coins." After the rest, the middle-aged man directly gave the grass to Xiao Yan, only However, the blade was solemnly protected by it.

This leaf is completely dull, about the size of a finger, and has an oval shape with lines like flowing water. It is extremely strange, and it is such a leaf that is worth 100 million gold coins.

"One hundred million gold coins?"

"Senior, this is a bit of a lion's mouth." Xiao Yan put away the fire phoenix grass, and then looked at the leaf casually.

With his tyrannical soul power, he was able to smell a special fluctuation from the dull leaves. This fluctuation seems to have something to do with the Acacia tree that appeared at the core of Soul Valley at this time.

"Little guy, I don't know what use this blade is for, but it can make me a dignified four-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouse almost gone. I dare to conclude that the value of this blade is definitely not cheap."

"So... 100 million gold coins, definitely not a loss." After a while, the middle-aged stall owner smiled slowly, his voice full of treacherousness.

This leaf was obtained when he entered the depths of Soul Valley and was 100 meters away from the pink halo of the Acacia tree. At the moment of obtaining it, the pink halo burst into an extremely tyrannical wave that almost wiped him out completely. The ability to press the bottom of the box escaped. At this point, he never dared to step into the Soul Valley again, just because he had been unable to decipher these strange things obtained from the Soul Valley, so he could only take it out for auction.

"One hundred million gold coins is too much, it's cheaper... After all, this thing is like gambling, no one knows what is inside." Seeing that the middle-aged stall owner refused to take a step back, Xiao Yan said.

"One hundred million gold coins I bought it." After a while, Xiao Yan's voice hadn't fallen, and suddenly a woman in colorful clothes appeared directly in front of Xiao Yan, and then took out a piece of considerable weight. Jingka threw it in front of the middle-aged stall owner and said domineeringly.

"This is……"

"Song Lanfeng from the Different Soul Tower?" Xiao Yan raised his head, and there was a vigilance in his expression. Obviously, since he came to the Zero Hour Market, the names and figures of the four powerhouses have been spread by everyone.

"Hey, this little brother, if you need it, please increase the price, otherwise this thing will only be sold to this woman." The middle-aged stall owner suddenly smiled when he heard the words.

"Forget it." Xiao Yan shook his head, then turned and left here, preparing to head towards Soul Valley.

This leaf must have something to do with the acacia tree, but now Xiao Yan doesn't have 100 million gold coins on him, and he doesn't have any bargaining chips to compete with, so he just gave up.

"Miss, this is the blade you auctioned off."

"This leaf is very special, and I don't know what it's used for, but I'm afraid it has a lot to do with the acacia tree." The middle-aged man carefully wrapped the leaf and handed it to Song Lanfeng, smiling.

"This guy is the recently rumored Myriad Fire Sect's management... Xiao Yan." She took the leaf, checked it again and again, and immediately left the Zero Hour Market. At the same time, she followed Xiao Yan. There are some things she must do Making sure.