Chapter Vol 4 2230: The remains of Yaoji!

Among the Yaoji statues.

"Where is this?"

Following the strange power just now, Xiao Yan and the two only felt a surging energy surging around their bodies. After a while, they suddenly became quiet, but a dizzy feeling hit, no matter how they used their soul power. Or mental strength defense, can not resist.

That kind of power is like an extremely pure power. When nourishing the lack of fighting qi in their bodies, it also exposes all the secrets they hide in the depths of their bodies without reservation.

"Cough cough."

He coughed lightly and just returned to normal. Xiao Yan hurriedly patted his head, then woke up Xiao Yi who was beside him and began to look around.

Here is a very beautiful nest, a purple breath, the smell of birds and flowers is pungent, and under their feet is a piece of purple soil, and there is a trace of warm purple flames lingering on the soil...

"strangeness……"

Looking up, he saw that in this purple world, there were forests and trees, weeds and beasts, but these things were not real, but more like they were born from purple flames?

"Second...Second brother, look!"

Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the reincarnation mark at the center of Xiao Yi's eyebrows trembled violently, like a scale that was about to fall away, the hot purple flame tilted uncontrollably, with an ancient wave, directly facing the purple world. away from the center.

"Bang bang bang!"

The appearance of Xiao Yi's purple flames suddenly made these objects covering the purple world retreat one after another, and a very strange scene suddenly appeared in front of the two of them.

A road paved by the purple golden carpet directly connects to the end of this space, and at the end, a path of energy of different colors is quietly dormant.

"Those...are the elf powerhouses with their own attributes in the elf clan?"

"Fire elves, water elves, thunder elves..."

"How can it be?"

Xiao Yi's eyes were fixed on the distance, her eyes filled with surprise, and she couldn't say a word for a long time.

"What are they doing?"

Even at a great distance, Xiao Yan could smell ancient waves from the bodies of these stone-like elf powerhouses!

The power of reincarnation!

Are these guys actually all reincarnation powerhouses?

Moreover, they bowed to their knees, raised their hands, bent their backs, and a graceful purple round table appeared on it. Around the purple round table, there were circles of extremely noble purple lines, like a divine brush. It contains monstrous divine power.

Looking at the appearance, what do these elf stone statues seem to be carrying?

"Crack!"

When Xiao Yan noticed this scene, a loud noise came from the round platform on the top of the nine stone elves, and an extremely terrifying coercion of heaven and earth tilted down.

"Gulu...that is?"

"Yao Ji?"

The two raised their heads, and the enormous pressure directly made them kneel and bow down. Their bodies were sunken in the purple soil by dozens of centimeters, and their eyes were fixed on the purple round platform, a looming figure.

"This immortal is also stingy."

The voice fell, and a graceful figure appeared on the purple round platform on the backs of the nine powerful elf stone statues. On the contrary, Xiao Yan's ancient ruler and Di Yan ring came to the latter's hands at some point.

That guy's slender hands were holding Xiao Yan's Ancient Ruler and Emperor Yanjie, chattering and playing around, his expression was extremely disdain, and his words were full of nostalgia and hatred, making it difficult to comprehend.

"Senior!"

When Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi saw this, a numbness appeared on their scalps, and they could only say in a very trembling voice, under the pressure of such a strong person, they had no resistance, and their life and death were only hers. in a moment.

The power of this guy has already surpassed all things, and that power is definitely not comparable to reincarnation!

"The masters of the holy flames, as expected, are so fond of teasing flowers... let's kill them all."

The faint and elegant voice passed, the graceful figure rose up, and a purple flame suddenly turned into an ancient purple rune at his fingertips, and there was a terrifying aura that pierced through the sky. come down.

In the purple runes, there is an ancient wave that seems to be easily burned by the world.

"Guru..."

Just a few dozen meters away, feeling this terrifying aura, the corners of Xiao Yan's eyes twitched violently, and even the speed of his heart beat was unprecedentedly turbulent.

At this moment, Xiao Yan just felt that death was approaching now. In front of this guy, all the power in his body could not be mobilized, even the power of immortality and immortality trembled, obviously unable to resist this level of attack.

It seems that the figure that appears in front of him now contains energy that is no longer comparable to human beings, but a god!

How can mortals fight against gods?

"Holy... Our Lady!"

Against this suffocating pressure, Xiao Yan let out a low roar.

"Little guy, what did you say?"

Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, the purple figure suddenly paused for a while, his body wriggled away from the round platform, and flashed in front of Xiao Yan in an instant. All the power lightly tapped on Xiao Yan's shoulder, and then the suffocatingly beautiful cheeks turned around and stared at Xiao Yan under the shroud of purple runes.

With this stare, the spiritual power of the soul in the body instantly boils, as if the power is burning, and even the spiritual palace in the body shakes violently under this power, which is extremely strange!

"Master!"

Seeing this guy's terrifying means, Xiao Yi roared in a hurry.

"It's none of your business here, get away from me!"

The purple figure couldn't care about Xiao Yi, her slender hand trembled, and she shot Xiao Yi hundreds of meters away with one palm, making the latter unable to resist.

"Your Majesty, we have no ill intentions, I have come here to disturb you this time..."

Being in such close contact with the purple figure, the icy touch of death swept through Xiao Yan's entire body, helpless, and the icy chill spread to his heart.

"There's so much nonsense..."

The purple figure shook his head The purple rune tore away Xiao Yantian's spiritual cover without reservation. Those seemingly understated actions carried monstrous killing intent!

"Damn!"

Feeling this fierce threat of death, Xiao Yan's chest began to roar, and endless gorgeous flames swept out like an erupting volcano. Unfortunately, under the action of the purple figure, these forces could not raise any waves at all. Completely submerged above the purple rune.

"what happened?"

Just when Xiao Yan felt that the coldness of death was conveyed out, the spiritual palace in his body suddenly released an extremely gentle energy to nourish his riddled body.

"Ahem... Yaoji, your move is a bit too much."

And just when Yao Ji's power was about to invade Xiao Yan, a warm current, like bamboo shoots after a rain, descended on the whole world.

It was a golden stalwart body, the ancient ruler and the emperor flame ring together exuded an incomparably hot golden brilliance, and the golden figure on it was looking at him with a smile on his face.

What is the terrifying power of Pan Gaofeng contained in the ancient body?

If the fluctuations on these two bodies are displayed, I am afraid that the entire sea of ​​​​sky will completely disappear!

Their power, I am afraid it is not a reincarnation at all! ! !

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: