Chapter 523: 5 floors of deserted roads!

"Successful?" Mu Yingying saw Xiao Yan approaching her, and immediately opened her mouth slightly, her voice full of excitement.

"Well, it succeeded." Xiao Yan said softly, but he didn't say anything about the contamination of the demon core and blood essence.

"That's good." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she said in a low voice.

"How's it going here?" Xiao Yan was too focused on the changes of the evil aura and the Soul Eater Talisman, so he didn't notice the battle here, and immediately asked.

"The situation is not optimistic. This black beam is extremely terrifying... Even if Mu Feng uses some terrifying means, there is no sign that it can be killed."

"It's like immortality and immortality..." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes kept flickering, and she opened her mouth slightly.

"Immortal?" When Xiao Yan heard this, he was suddenly surprised!

However, just as Xiao Yan was about to speak, the soul-devouring talisman in the palm of his hand gave off an extremely greedy aura!

Xiao Yan suddenly had an idea in his heart.

"Mu Feng, Green Flute, let me get close to it!"

"I have a way!" A roar appeared directly beside several people.

"Okay!" Mu Feng and Ludi heard the words and immediately agreed!

Because they have been fighting with the black beam for a long time just now, and found that the black beam is extremely strange!

It seems that it is truly as Mu Yingying said, immortality and immortality!

If they were blocked by this black evil beam all the time, I'm afraid these people would die in the desert mountains.

"Zhan Kong!"

"Thousands of snakes share the tide!" Mu Feng and Lvdi launched a terrifying attack at the same time!

The wooden sword in Mu Feng's hand exuded extremely terrifying strength, and then slashed down with one sword, and an incomparably huge fighting spirit burst out, facing the black beam!

As for the green flute, it did not lag behind either. The battle qi on his body turned into an emerald color, and the poison emerged, and then turned into thousands of giant energy snakes, carrying the venom that corrodes everything, and went towards the black beam!

"Xiao Yan...do you have any idea?" Mu Yingying stood aside, because she also knew that Xiao Yan did not let Xiao Yi take action not only to preserve his strength, but also to protect himself.

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, an evil aura appeared around the black beam, trying to resist the attacks of Mu Feng and Green Flute.

The terrifying explosion fluctuated, sparks scattered, and dust filled the sky, making everyone's vision blurred!

It's just that the eyes of several people were attracted by this earth-shattering explosion, and they didn't notice that the space under Xiao Yan's feet trembled strangely, and then Xiao Yan disappeared in place!

"Space shuttle handprint!" Xiao Yi was on the side and could see it clearly!

What Xiao Yan showed just now was the space shuttle handprint that was taught to him by the mysterious figure in the Yin Corpse Forest!

A mysterious fighting skill that can travel through space at short distances!

The current Xiao Yan is undoubtedly much stronger than before, so he does not need to seal, and he can move freely through a short distance of space!

"I don't know what eldest brother is going to do..." After Xiao Yi finished speaking, she looked closely at Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's figure disappeared strangely. When Dou appeared, the space around the black light beam squirmed slightly, and then an arm stretched out from it!

The appearance of the arm is actually Xiao Yan's arm!

It's just that at this moment on Xiao Yan's arm, in the palm of his hand, a soul-devouring talisman flashing with a strong aura slowly beats!

"Plop!" With a sudden movement of the palm of his hand, the Soul Devouring Talisman exuded a huge devouring power, and then the black light beam, which was difficult for Mu Yingying and the three of them to work together to deal with, disappeared instantly!

"Fortunately, they didn't discover it under the terrifying fluctuations..." Xiao Yan felt relieved when he saw the soul-devouring talisman swallowing the evil black beam.

The next moment, the figure flashed and returned to Mu Yingying's side!

"Where's Xiao Yan?" Mu Feng and the others launched an extremely powerful attack, but they vaguely felt that even so, they might not be able to kill the evil black beam.

"It's alright, I've solved it." Xiao Yan's figure appeared and then said directly.

"It's resolved?" Mu Feng's expression became slightly surprised when he heard this!

This evil aura is much more powerful than the gloomy and eerie ghost energy, so Mu Feng knows the power of this evil energy better than others. ?

"Finally calmed down." Green Flute spoke slightly, obviously excited because Xiao Yan subdued those intractable evil black beams.

"Everyone, please reply to the fighting spirit first." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the ring on the palm of his hand flickered, and then one after another of extraordinary quality medicinal pills appeared.

Several people heard the words, without hesitation, they reached out to take it, and swallowed it!

The medicinal pill had just entered the body, and a gentle force continuously nourished the body, allowing the fighting qi on the bodies of Mu Yingying and the others to recover quickly.

"Are you okay?" Xiao Yi slowly appeared from behind Xiao Yan, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan responded calmly, no surprise that Xiao Yi vaguely knew about this Soul Eater Talisman!

After all, the two have been closely linked due to the different fire, so this is the question from Xiao Yi.

With the fall of the Ice Scar Tianhu, this forest has changed beyond recognition. Above the wasteland, a conspicuous path appeared.

Because when Xiao Yan and the others entered the desert mountain range, they came to the huge back of the Ice Mark Tianhu, so at this time as the Ice Mark Tianhu got up, the forest had already changed beyond recognition, leaving only a trace of it. The afterglow of the silk battle.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The bottom road is twisted and twisted, and I don’t know where it leads, but what makes Xiao Yan feel strange is that there seems to be a strong restriction in this desert mountain range!

After the evil black light beam appeared just now, Xiao Yan can no longer step in the air!

Flight is restricted!

So he could only go on foot, and Xiao Yan also discovered that this desert mountain range is not only foggy, but the fog is extremely extraordinary, and it can actually isolate Xiao Yan's soul power and even spiritual power!

This is what puzzles Xiao Yan the most!

The wonder of soul power and spiritual power Xiao Yan can resolve many crises with these two, and now this tone has isolated Xiao Yan's soul power and spiritual power, it is tantamount to breaking an arm!

"I don't know where this path leads..." Xiao Yan murmured, but he could vaguely feel that this path was what they were going to walk!

"Five-level barren road!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the Soul Eater Talisman in the palm of his hand suddenly sent out a message, which was directly merged into Xiao Yan's mind!

"A five-story barren road?" Xiao Yan was suddenly surprised at the next moment!

Because according to what this Soul Eater Talisman said, there are five full layers in this desert mountain range!

And the Ice Mark Tianhu just now was on the first floor!

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan who happened to be teleported here when they entered the passage, I'm afraid it would take a lot of effort to pass through every floor!

"This Soul Eater Talisman is really weird." Xiao Yan secretly surprised and said.

"The Soul Eater Talisman has been an evil thing of heaven and earth since ancient times, and its power is comparable to that of holy flame."

"It may be that you helped it absorb those few traces of evil aura just now. It will give back to you." Long Yi couldn't think of why, so he said immediately.

"Yes." Xiao Yan slowly agreed, because he also knew that this Soul Eater Talisman contained enormous power, and this power was beyond his control now, so he didn't pursue it too much.

"Let's go!" With a slow voice, Xiao Yan stepped directly into the crooked path.

Ask for tickets!