Chapter 40: Fighting against each other, the power of immortal-level fighting skills!

In those shocking gazes, above Mueller's head, the scarlet Origin Qi whistled, as if a huge scarlet light wheel was formed, and terrifying power was exuded between the vibrations.

Looking at the red wheel, Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed slightly.

Bear!

The huge crimson light wheel was suspended in the sky above Mueller, exuding fiery and violent fluctuations, which directly caused the ground below to be withered and cracked, and even the temperature of the lake water rose a lot!

Between the lakes, those eyes stared at this scene with a hint of horror.

"Then...that's actually an immortal fighting skill?!"

"It's not surprising that this Muller is a young city lord and masters immortal rank fighting skills."

"This Mueller has so many trump cards..."

"Then Xiao Yan is going to be in danger. With Muller's strength and the power of immortal-level fighting skills, I am afraid that even those top-notch prides have to be a little more cautious."

"After all, it's an immortal-level fighting skill, and it's enough to change the situation."

Many whispers sounded, and those looking at Xiao Yan showed a little more sympathy. When the latter broke through the secret method, he showed a very strong background, but unfortunately, he did not seize the time after all, and now The secret time is over, and all that awaits him is...

"This Xiao Yan is still young and energetic. If he endured today's tone and turned back to devour the crescent green fruit to practice, I am afraid that Mueller will really help him." Someone sighed inwardly.

There was a trace of warmth in Yueru's eyes, and a rune like a crescent-shaped birthmark slowly glowed!

Yueru also felt the terrifying power contained in Mueller's fighting skills. If Xiao Yan was touched by that power, even a little bit, his fate would be doomed forever!

"Don't worry, I believe I can handle it!" Xiao Yan was also aware of Yue Ru's actions. Although he didn't know what that crescent-like rune was, the price of trying to use it was definitely not small.

Yueru also looked at Xiao Yan, who was still calm as always, and bit her lips slightly. She didn't know why, but she still believed in Xiao Yan. The slowly glowing crescent moon rune also fell silent. Now, Yue Ru also smiled at Xiao Yan.

Among those many sympathetic eyes, Xiao Yan's expression was also slightly solemn. He looked at the huge crimson light wheel condensed above Mueller's head, and the fluctuations emanating from it were extremely violent.

This kind of power is indeed far beyond ordinary heaven-level fighting skills. Moreover, Xiao Yan also discovered that the spiritual energy of heaven and earth all over his body also solidified at this moment.

"I actually master the fighting skills of the Immortal Rank..." Xiao Yan whispered to himself, this Muller is indeed a formidable enemy. If he has not broken through the Three Star Dou Emperor, I am afraid that he will be able to face the opponent's attack like this. Choose to retreat.

But unfortunately...

The milky-white flame instantly covered the whole body, and the fighting qi continued to gather, beginning to pour out of Xiao Yan's body at this time, constantly whistling around him, and finally gradually expanding, like a milky-white tornado, entangling him.

The astonishing fluctuations were released, and even the lake water under his feet was trembling.

Those eyes outside the lake noticed this scene and burst into amazement.

"I'm asking you something!"

"Hand over the crescent moon fruit!"

"otherwise!"

"die!"

Mueller looked up at Xiao Yan and howled, as if a king was judging a sinner.

Xiao Yan looked at the majestic Muller in the sky, his vindictiveness restrained, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand exuded a strong power!

"It's up to you."

"Not worthy!" Xiao Yan also said calmly.

"Although we have no grievances or enmity, since you don't know the good and the bad, then you will be offended!"

"Immortal Fighting Skill: Magic Spear Golden Wheel!" Mueller attacked Xiao Yan from the sky with the magic spear!

Bringing up the water of Qianzhang Lake, the terrifying golden wheel aura is strong and terrifying even in this space where the strongest are suppressed!

"as you wish!"

"The first foot of the seven-layered sky-shattering ruler: the first step of the three-step swimming ruler!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly.

The terrifying flame power is attached to the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire. With Xiao Yan's mobilization, the huge flame power and Xiao Yan's own vindictive energy merged together, and it also brought a water column of thousands of meters from the lake!

bang bang bang!

The different fire constant ancient ruler and the magic spear collided with each other!

Boom boom boom!

At this moment, the originally calm lake surface was turbulently rolled by the strength of the two of them.

Xiao Yan forcibly stabilized himself in this fierce battle, raised his pale face, wiped the blood from the corners of his mouth, and a bit of madness also appeared in his dark eyes. Come out with full strength.

The frantic surging in his eyes, Xiao Yan spat out the blood foam from his mouth, his hands changed handprints again, and a huge phantom shrouded his body again.

A phantom appeared, and Xiao Yan felt a sense of dizziness in his mind, but he still gritted his teeth.

The terrifying impact of the soul emerged, and finally spread to Mueller, who was originally concentrating on mobilizing the spiritual energy of the surrounding world to supplement his fighting skills. At that moment, Mueller's pupils were all dimmed, first the fairy. Step fighting skills, followed by a powerful soul attack, two consecutive shocks, the damage to him is too great...

"Puchi"

A large mouthful of blood spurted out of Muller's mouth. He looked grimly at Xiao Yan who was calm in front of him, but found that the latter smiled wildly at him, flipped his palm, and a delicate fire lotus of twenty-three colors quietly emerged. Then slammed it on Mueller's body.

"Blast"

"boom"

The fire lotus erupted, and the bald-headed Mueller was directly blown away thousands of feet. Along the way, he spat out a mouthful of blood as if he didn't want money. He didn't expect that he was ruthless, and Xiao Yan was even more ruthless than him, and he directly exchanged punches for punches!

"This Xiao Yan is so terrifying!"

"Actually defeated Muller in the middle stage of the Samsung Dou Di with the strength of the early Samsung Dou Di!"

The people around whispered. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com

Anyone can see that the battle has been decided so far.

"Young City Lord, are you alright?" A follower who was also bald hurriedly helped Mueller up.

Mueller's speed was too fast, and their entourage hurried on their way. After finally chasing Mueller, they saw that Mueller was beaten so badly by others.

The injured Mueller was not in a coma, but he was seriously injured and looked at Xiao Yan fiercely.

"let's go!"

It seems that this great fortune cannot be continued, too many methods have been exposed, and then the entourage carried the bald Mueller on his back and flew in the opposite direction. All he can do now is to quickly treat the injury of the young city master. Of course, someone else will take care of it.

Xiao Yan also knew that there was no need to separate life and death, and he should keep a hand on Mueller. Although he saw that Mueller was seriously injured, he avoided the key point.

He was breathing heavily.

"It's alright."

"Nuo, the crescent moon green fruit you want." Xiao Yan took out three ripe crescent moon green fruit found at the bottom of the lake to Yueru. Although he did get more than ten at the time, for Yueru, Three were enough, and of course Xiao Yan took the rest.

Yueru was really surprised to see that Xiao Yan was calm in the face of Mueller, and even defeated Mueller in the end.

"Let's go, it's time to go to the depths of the ruins to take a look." Xiao Yan also took a short rest and then said to Yueru.

The people who were there to watch the excitement also dispersed one after another, because they also witnessed the battle between Xiao Yan and Na Muler, and they only had one thought in their hearts.

This Xiao Yan is not easy to mess with.