Chapter Vol 4 1788: Did it fall like this?

"Boom!" With a sound, Jasmine's body was filled with the power of space, and she instantly fought with the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast.

As for the other side, Gu Lao fights against several sea lords alone, and is vaguely invincible. I am afraid that failure will only be a matter of time.

"Forget it, I'll do it." Xiao Yan glanced coldly at the bottom, it seemed tyrannical, but in his eyes he was just a lord of the defeated soldiers, he said indifferently, these guys are not bad, but in front of him , but is much weaker.

"Whoosh..."

"You lost." The battle above the sky was decided in a short period of time. The flames and the power of space that were burning violently around the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast were easily turned into a speck of dust, and even a trace was rare. The thunder of his body was beating around his body. Obviously, this situation emerged after an extremely violent battle.

"Cough cough..." Above the sky, Jasmine's hand was already stained with bright red blood, and her breath was extremely sluggish. Obviously, since she was lucky enough to repel the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, this guy has done a lot of precautions. Even now, Jasmine, who was fully prepared, was helpless.

"Is that the only way?" Seeing the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast with the winning ticket shaking its huge dragon tail, Jasmine's expression became determined. She knew that this mission was originally her own will, and the other mercenary team members also There is no good countermeasure, but even if they die, they will not be a drag on them!

"Wait... what is that?" Just as the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast had beaten Jasmine to the brink of death, and was about to win, it discovered that at this moment, on the surface of the sea below the sea, an extremely scorching aura accompanied it. With bursts of piercing screams, they emerged together.

"Huhu... These guys seem to be a little weak." Xiao Yan clapped his hands, and after easily baking the last sea beast that was comparable to the human five-star fighting immortal, he showed a creepy smile at the devil whale sea dragon beast!

"Cunning little beast!" Seeing the special amber flames emerging from Xiao Yan's body, the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast gritted his teeth and said, but he was extremely apprehensive. It seemed that Xiao Yan's flame, even on the surface of the sea, was so powerful. Much more tyrannical than ordinary flames.

"Yan Xiao?" At this moment, Jasmine's eyes were quite startled. He naturally could not have imagined that Xiao Yan had such a hidden method.

"Lord Yanxiao, I was offended just now, please have a lot." At this moment, Old Gu bowed his body humbly and apologized to Xiao Yan. Obviously, it was only his idea to use Xiao Yan as a bait just now.

"Let me do it." The amber flames around Xiao Yan's body beat like a elf, and every time it flickered, a touch of high temperature filled the sea.

"Boom!" In an instant, in this Devil Sea, lightning and thunder followed, and a storm followed, as if there would be an ancient battle to come.

"It's very strong..." Jasmine said softly, and immediately floated to the deck of the ferry. At this time, she had reached her limit. On the other hand, those lords who were temporarily knocked unconscious by Xiao Yan slowly woke up. There was an unprecedented madness in it, as if trying to swallow Xiao Yan and the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast!

"Go back to me!" Looking at these guys, the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast roared at the back, and dazzling water ripples emerged on the sea surface, with an unquestionable order.

"Hoohoho!" What is strange is that, being roared by the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, the overlord of the Devil Seas, these lords didn't have any intention of retreating, their bodies flew and shot directly at Xiao Yan and him.

"Demonized?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly. The amber flames formed a natural barrier in front of his chest, protecting the entire ferry and himself.

"Tear it!" Suddenly, the huge body of the tyrannical Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast was bitten by the corners of the mouths of several lords, and the harsh sound was mixed with the sound of the meat falling, which was especially harsh!

"Ah ah ah!" How could the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast think that these lords who were originally subservient to him would dare to bite him, but the pain in his body made him let out an angry low voice. Roar.

"Get out of the way!" Pieces of meat were bitten by these mad lords, the devil whale sea dragon beast roared wildly, and a violent sea dragon roll was born on the surface of the sea!

"Puchi puchi!" An extremely strange voice emerged, and several crazy lords were directly involved in the sea tornado, which instantly turned into a blood mist under the eyes of everyone, and the **** smell came out, stimulating several present. human nerve.

The tyrannical sea beast, like a five-star fighting immortal, was easily obliterated by this overlord!

"A little bit!" When the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast wiped out these guys, tiny wounds appeared on the body, and even behind these wounds, a rare blood-colored evil pattern was slowly outlined.

"What the **** is going on with these guys?" Looking at this scene, Jasmine and Gu Lao were also confused, obviously they were also extremely puzzled by the behavior of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast.

"Suffer to death!"

"Amber Rock Soul Fire!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to think about other things. The Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast had already been scarred from fighting Jasmine, but now it was bitten by these crazy subordinates, and some strange power poured into its body. This is the best way to kill it. good chance.

"Crash!" Following Xiao Yan's exit, the amber flame on his body suddenly burst into dazzling fire like a blazing sun, immediately burning the entire sky completely, and immediately with a rainbow light, directly facing the demon The whale sea dragon beast roared away!

"This is... holy flame?" As he felt the power of such flames at close range, the pupils of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast suddenly shrank, and an aura of death poured into his heart.

"Defend me!" The Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast was shocked, and immediately mobilized the power of its own overlord to try to use the combination of its only remaining power and the water surface of the Devil's Sea to stop Xiao Yan's terrifying one. hit.

"How could it be..." What the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast did not expect was that under its own call and roar, there was no response in its body, and even a trace of connection between itself and the Devil Sea was completely cut off by it!

And his eyes stared at the wounds on his body that were bitten, and there was a rare trace of blood on the wounds, which turned out to be vaguely composed of two vague words.

"demon!"

"Boom!" Xiao Yan didn't know why the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast didn't resist, but his strongest attack, which was attacked by the fire of the Holy Flame, completely turned into a raging flame, completely obliterating the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast!

"Kacha Kacha!" With a sound, the huge body of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast was directly burned by Xiao Yan's countless amber flames. For a time, its limbs were directly divided by Xiao Yan, and it was immediately divided into five parts, which entered without a trace. In Xiao Yan's pocket.

"Tsk tsk... This guy named Yanxiao is quite amazing." At the same time, in a rather quiet room inside the ferry, a beautiful woman opened the window slightly, staring at the floating in the air. Xiao Yan, who was trying to divide the body of the Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast, muttered.

So far, this mighty Demon Whale Sea Dragon Beast has completely fallen, but I don't know the reason for this fall, whether it was Jasmine's actions, or the wounds bitten by her subordinates' rebellion, or Xiao Yan's Holy Flame Fire is the biggest credit. .