Chapter Vol 4 1933: Detonating Angel Wings, Liu Yun was arrested! ...

Latest URL: "Beast!"

"What are you doing?" Looking at the dazzling brilliance behind the Demon of Light, even with the power of her four-winged angel, she felt a throbbing heartbeat, and she couldn't help but contained a hint of anger in her beautiful eyes. , opened his mouth.

That kind of power is the unique source power of angels. It ignores the difference in strength and has extremely tyrannical lethality. If it is displayed by it, even oneself will have to temporarily avoid the edge.

"What am I going to do?"

"Aren't you clear?" Watching the four-winged angel turn so arrogant from the arrogant appearance just now, a touch of warmth pervaded the cheeks of the demon of light, and the **** angel's wings slowly shook, a touch of indescribable nobility. , released, and even under the always gentle face, there is a touch of crazy fluctuations.

The source of angels!

Angel wings!

At such a critical juncture, the Demon of Light has been unable to care about his own life and death after this blow, because only by sending Xiao Yan and others out can the current situation be resolved and there is hope of helping the Demon Emperor!

And angel wings, this is the last killer of the demon of light.

"This..." Xiao Yan's body's demon power was suppressed, and then he stared blankly at the demon of light, speechless for a while.

Once he uses the power of the devil, I am afraid that there is no room for manoeuvre with the Holy See, and even if he uses the power of the devil, with Xiao Yan's current power, he cannot kill the four-winged angel who has stepped into the cycle of reincarnation. In fact, I am afraid that the great powers behind him who are protecting him will also be impeached by the Holy See.

At that time, I am afraid it will be difficult to recover the real water.

"Hey, mistress..." At this moment, Heishan Longlang couldn't help but clenched his fists tightly and rebuked himself. Unexpectedly, the situation he didn't want to see happened.

"You need to take Xiao Yan to the sealed land, where only you know the coordinates."

"And Xiao Yan is carrying a strange treasure, which is the key to unlocking the seal. The seal of the demon emperor is up to you."

"Don't worry, she and I belong to the Holy See, even she can't really kill me!" The soft voice slowly reached the ears of Xiao Yan and the two of them, and the four of them were immediately wrapped in a touch of holy light, isolating the four wings. The angel's attack, and at the end of the sentence, a trace of self-confidence proudly emerged from the mouth of the demon of light!

That is definitely not pride or polite and false words, but the demon of light does have that strength and confidence, because they are both angels, even four-winged angels cannot unilaterally make a final judgment on themselves!

This is the reliance of the demon of light.

And the giant finger of light displayed by the four-winged angel was swallowed up by the **** wings of the demon of light after touching it, and thus dissipated easily!

The giant finger of light blessed with the power of reincarnation and the power of angels is actually submerged in the wings of the angel?

But looking closely, on the **** angel's wings, a faint flame is slowly beating. The terrifying power and sacred aura contained in that flame is beyond all things, and it is no longer comparable to a four-winged angel.

"Liu Yun, you are courting death!" Looking at this scene, the contempt and ridicule slowly disappeared from the beautiful eyes of the four-winged angel, and a rare killing intent, accompanied by countless holy lights, turned into countless Sanskrit sounds echoing in the between this world.

"Angel wings are the most powerful weapon that angels give us to maintain order, but they are not for you to use them to do things!" The demon of light smiled sweetly, and then the angel wings behind him, the **** white feathers fell off the wings, An extremely terrifying angelic force swept out!

In an instant, in the entire empty Demon Suppression Prison, the void trembled, and scenes of extremely terrifying distortions swept out.

"Liu Yun, are you crazy?"

"Self-exploding angel wings, even you, I'm afraid there will be irreversible scars." The four-winged angel's eyes were full of anger, staring at Liu Yun, the demon of light, and said coldly.

For them, angel wings are more important than their own lives. The self-destructing angel wings can indeed burst out extremely terrifying power in a short time, but they will leave the angel class and suffer a lot of damage. In addition to endangering their lives, otherwise No angel would do this!

"You forced it all."

"Bloom, angel wings!" A high-pitched light voice, accompanied by a sacred air, suddenly burst out from the demon of light, and in an instant, the energy in the entire Demon Suppression Prison suddenly quieted down.

In the sky, Liu Yun's figure swayed with the wind, her strength, her breath, and even her vitality all became wilted in an instant, and then the **** angel wings changed strangely under her roar.

The blood-colored feathers fell off quietly, and each blood-colored feather contained a terrifying power that could destroy the world. They slowly fell off the angel's wings. At the moment of falling off, a heart-piercing pain spread throughout the body. , gave Liu Yun the kind of terrible pain that pierced into the bone marrow and penetrated into the soul, but Liu Yun's mouth still showed a warm smile that was quite soft and kind!

It seems that all this is irrelevant to her, because from the beginning to the end, she only wants to protect Xiao Yan and a few people, and to make up for the mistakes she let go before!

This is what an angel should look like!

Following Liu Yun's actions, the entire sky, a scene of holy burning bright flames fell off and gathered from countless **** angel feathers, and there was a noble aura that could be learned from the world.

"You are still obsessed with it now, and you really insulted our angel... If that's the case, then I won't waste time with you!"

"With the power of my four-winged angel, I call on the breath of light to wash away all dirt and evil!"

"Maintain the order and light of the world!"

"Small purification technique!" The magnificent voice was like the wrath of the gods above the nine heavens, and the endless divine power leaned out from the angel's wings behind the four-winged angel, completely shrouding this shattered Demon Suppression Prison!

That kind of Sanskrit sound is enough to completely imprison the human soul and pull it into the magnificent temple for judgment. Surrounded by the sound of God, it is enough to destroy the last line of defense in a person's heart without attacking and directly kill it!

In an instant, this space was completely shattered, and countless cracks, large and small, emerged, and the entire Demon Suppression Prison was completely collapsed at this very moment!

"Let's go!" Seeing such a shocking Sanskrit sound, Liu Yun, with the last bit of strength, slowly sent Xiao Yan and others away from here, and under the leadership of the black dragon wolf, they faced the demon emperor's seal. And go.

"Clang clang!" A mighty collision of sacred energy suddenly exploded in this void, and an extremely sacred and hot flame swept out.

"Weng buzzing!" After roaring for a while, the sacred flame generated by the self-destructing angel's wings was directly expelled by the four-winged angel, and thus injected into Liu Yun's body. Condensed!

"You!" Looking at this scene, Liu Yun's slack eyes were full of doubts. With that blow just now, she was bound to die, but why did this four-winged angel give her the power of self-destruction back to herself?

Liu Yun doesn't believe she has that kindness Since you've been in a demon, it's useful to keep you..."

"Otherwise you would have been submerged under the pressure of my angel."

"Let's go, it's time to go back." He whispered softly, and suddenly the four-winged angel waved his hand, a cage on his body, completely shrouded Liu Yun and imprisoned her, gently led her, broke through the Demon Suppression Prison, and cut through the void, yes Go to Douyun Continent.

It seems that there is no anger towards the demon of light desperately trying to let Xiao Yan and the others go. Instead, there is a hidden smile.

However, before leaving, the four-winged angel was facing the direction of Yaoyuandongtian, and in a voice that could only be heard by himself, he said softly: "Demon Emperor, this time, I won."

"See you next time, maybe you will become a plaything in my hands."

The Sanskrit sound echoed for a long time, causing the entire ancient battlefield to be filled with extremely rare fluctuations.