Chapter Vol 4 1571: The midfield is moving!

The Central Territory, this is an extremely huge territory. In the Central Territory, there are countless powerful forces, and at this time, these forces are all bursting with ecstasy, for nothing else, it is because of the Acacia tree!

Acacia tree, Acacia tree, the power of acacia is unpredictable, and even if one can enter the inside of the acacia tree, it can obtain benefits that ordinary people cannot imagine. Therefore, the entire Central Territory has become restless, because they are all pregnant with that. A little bit of luck, after all, being able to spy on the opportunities in the Acacia tree is probably enough for them to become disciples in the Four Great Courts and enjoy endless benefits.

Listen to the Wind Pavilion.

"My lord, this trip doesn't seem right." In the Tingfeng Pavilion, its pavilion owner and manager slowly stood in the hall, and the two frowned as if they were arguing about something.

"Needless to say, the chance in the Acacia tree is extremely important, and I must go." Yang Xi said with a gloomy expression.

"My lord, I have just had a grudge with the Ten Thousand Fire Sect, and although our overall strength is a little bit more tyrannical than them, if you go to the land of the Acacia tree like this, and you also take away many strong sects, once the Ten Thousand Fire Sect attacks Come on, I'm afraid our sect's situation is in jeopardy." The pavilion master of Tingfeng Pavilion refused, although their sect is a little more tyrannical than Wanhuo sect, but if they really fight, I'm afraid it's hard to say who wins and who loses.

"Don't worry, according to the information I got, the Myriad Fire Sect also sent strong people, so they didn't have the time and extra troops to attack us."

"This trip to the Acacia tree, we will naturally get a lot of benefits. At that time, not to mention the mere Ten Thousand Fire Sect, even the top forces in the Central Territory are enough to squeeze in."

"So the pavilion owner doesn't need to panic." Yang Xi naturally knew what this guy was afraid of, but he didn't say much.

"Oh... well." After some struggles, the Pavilion Master of Tingfeng Pavilion could only give up.

"It's not too late, leave now, otherwise it will be too late, and the benefits will be snatched away by the powerhouses of other sects." After a while, Yang Xi smiled.

As soon as the words fell, Yang Xi took nearly 30% of the strong men in the Tingfeng Pavilion towards the Acacia tree, and the trip was powerful, one for the Acacia tree, and the other for beheading Xiao Xiao. Yan and the two, but he did not expect that the news that Wan Huo Sect sent a strong man to the Acacia tree was just a cover, and the purpose was to lure this guy into the bait.

Qingyun Pavilion.

"Sir, the Acacia tree is here, shall we go?" In the hall, Qingyang Qingfeng asked Qing Yunkun, who was above the first place.

Qingfeng had been beaten by Xiao Yan in a very embarrassing manner, and even the few disciples who had lost their minds in the pavilion could not be healed now.

"Don't go."

"Although the Acacia tree is precious, the shame that Wanhuozong gave us is difficult to wash away. This time, once the strong people of Wanhuozong leave the sect, we will immediately take action to wipe out their sect." The voice just fell, and suddenly here become quiet.

In the courtyard, in a rather elegant attic, a man slowly took his seat.

Here, it is Ling Yu's mansion. After all, Ling Yu is very talented. In addition to the four-star Douxian Perfection and the existence of a half-field, his status is also among the best in the entire courtyard.

"It's unbelievable that the guy from Qingyun Pavilion would actually be defeated by Xiao Yan, who was in the late Samsung Dou Xian." Ling Yu muttered to himself as he stared blankly at the void in the distant Central Territory through the mansion.

"Hehe, I told you a long time ago, don't think Xiao Yan is a soft persimmon, this guy has holy flames, and fighting methods emerge in an endless stream, although it is only the strength of the late three-star fighting immortal, but facing some early four-star fighting immortals. A strong person of the same level is not weak at all." In an instant, an evil aura suddenly emerged from Ling Yu's body.

"Humph!"

"No matter how he jumps, in my eyes, he's just a jumping clown."

"This time when he goes to the Acacia tree, I will personally take action to destroy the Ten Thousand Fire Sect. It just so happens that he doesn't have a brother Xiao Gui, so let him exchange holy flame for his brother's life."

"Hahaha!" A strange smile appeared on the corner of Ling Yu's mouth, and it didn't go away for a long time. If it wasn't for the prohibition of the underground courtyard from being able to participate in this Acacia tree battle, I'm afraid he would have already taken action.

At the same time, in the Central Territory, there are many sects who are also planning intensively, trying to go to the land of the Acacia tree.

Among the top forces in the Central Territory, the four major forces are the main ones.

Different Soul Que, this is a force that focuses on cultivating the power of the soul. Its subordinate Song Lanfeng has reached the fairyland soul and the middle stage of the four-star fighting fairy at a young age, which is the biggest obstacle to this Acacia tree battle.

Meteor Sect, Hu Tianyuan, is extremely powerful, and a pair of Meteor Hammers are extremely powerful, and they are the strength of the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals.

Binghuofu, Kong An, a strong man who can control both ice and fire although only has the fire attribute.

As for the last one, it is Ling Yu's disciple, Qi Ziwen under the blood flame cave. He has a strange fire element, a terrifying fighting power, and has Ling Yu behind his back, vaguely wanting to occupy the central domain. a sign.

These four guys are among the top powerhouses in the Central Territory today.

In addition to this, still has many forces going to the acacia tree, but compared with these four guys, it is undoubtedly a lot worse.

In the middle of the Central Territory, Soul Valley, this place was originally just a barren land that no one cared about. There are many soul beasts in the valley, and it is extremely dangerous, but with the emergence of the Acacia tree, it is also slowly surrounded by many strong people.

The overall range in the valley is tens of thousands of meters, but there is a pink halo slowly lingering at the core, and in the halo, a very strange energy is quietly permeating.

Immediately, within a thousand meters of the core of Soul Valley was completely shrouded in a pink and extremely special Acacia power, and the soul beast's strength increased greatly under the increase of this special Acacia power, so he wanted to enter the Acacia tree. The land became difficult, even a four-star fighting immortal powerhouse could not hold on for long, and could only retreat for no reason.

Immediately outside the Valley of Souls, there is a zero-hour market. Here, many artisans and daring people ventured into the valley and collected a lot of good things from the valley to sell. These things, they I don't know what it is useful for, but with the advent of the acacia tree, it was auctioned at a high price in this zero-hour market. After all, these things must have some strange connections with the acacia tree.