Chapter Vol 4 2261: Demon King Leng Luochen!

"Dong dong dong!"

"Sir, they are here."

Elder Dagan reached out and knocked on the door of the wing room, and said to the figure inside.

"Let them in."

"You can take this opportunity to prepare for the plane meeting. We will start the plane meeting immediately after the meeting."

"Time is a matter of every second, and there is no time to delay."

A serious voice came from the wing, and the voice was deep, but it contained some kind of shocking fluctuation.

"Yes!"

After the elder Dagan finished speaking, he immediately retreated, and Xiao Yan and the two naturally entered easily.

"Buzz!"

Just stepped into the wing, but the surrounding space changed drastically, making people feel dizzy, as if the void here had been deliberately imprisoned.

"Space domain?" Xiao Yan exclaimed before he could look at the void here.

"The sense of smell is quite keen."

"I am the Daqiangong Demon Slayer King, Leng Luochen."

"Xiao Yan, it's nice to meet you."

There were no ordinary decorations in the wooden wing room, but an extremely stable space domain. In the space vortex above the space, a middle-aged man with a dark yellow complexion lit up slightly, staring at Xiao Yan.

"The Demon King?"

Xiao Yan frowned, then squeezed Xun'er tightly in his palm, obviously not knowing how to deal with this scene.

The seemingly serious Demon Slayer in front of him, although he was only middle-aged, was full of white hair. He had obviously been through vicissitudes of life, and invisibly gave Xiao Yan a very strong sense of crisis. His sense of danger was even higher than that of the fire elves. Elder Eliza is even stronger!

"This is my domain, and our conversation will not be known to anyone."

"What do you want to know, just ask."

"After all, I also want something from you."

The middle-aged man walked towards Xiao Yan step by step. The majestic power was as vast as a bottomless deep sea. Those power filled the air, as if he was examining or exploring something in Xiao Yan's body.

"What's the matter with this face-to-face meeting?"

Xiao Yan thought for a while and decided to ask.

"The plane meeting has been an exchange meeting of the younger generation since ancient times, but this meeting is a bit special."

Leng Luochen opened his mouth, but his voice contained a touch of unquestionable majesty, and his eyes never left Xiao Yan's body since the beginning.

This Demon Slayer looks only middle-aged. His handsome face and that cold aura make people shudder, and his strength is unfathomable. I'm afraid he is at least more tyrannical than Eliza!

"I don't know why the Demon King is looking for me?"

Xiao Yan looked indifferent, then watched the latter and slowly opened his mouth.

"According to the information I got, you should have several holy flames in your body, right?"

At this moment, Leng Luochen suddenly grinned, from a serious look to a very soft one.

"Extraterritorial evil race?"

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he couldn't help being stunned for a moment. Although the holy flame in his body was no longer a secret, he couldn't help but be surprised when he heard it from the Devil Slayer's mouth.

This kind of thing is not a good thing.

"Do not."

"Our Daqiangong has been established for a long time, and many powerful Demon Slayer Kings have been born. Today, I'm just coming from behind, far behind those seniors."

"And some of these Demon Kings have fallen for countless years, and naturally left behind extremely precious treasures."

"Among them, the 'wufu' of the Demon Slayer King Zhou Yuan's predecessor is the place where we have obtained the most accurate information."

"There are many treasures in the Wufu, among which there are many supreme methods and many great opportunities to spy on the secrets of heaven."

After Leng Luochen weighed it for a while, the taste changed when the words came to his lips.

"Zhou Yuan, the Demon King, has fallen, why can he still use his name and aura to issue the Great Thousand League Scroll?"

"And what does this have to do with my holy flame?"

Xiao Yan was puzzled and looked at Leng Luochen with doubts.

Zhou Yuan and Leng Luochen both belong to the Demon Slayer King, but the so-called Demon Slayer King undoubtedly has some strengths and weaknesses. You don't need to think about it to know that the former is naturally more powerful and prestige.

"Lord Zhou Yuan's 'Wufu' is located in an evil area, which is one of the residences of the evil tribes outside the territory, so if you want to go there, you must be isolated by the fire of holy flame, otherwise we can't get close."

Leng Luochen shook his head, then looked at Xiao Yan firmly, as if he had settled for the latter.

"But what does this have to do with me?"

"Among the Great Thousand Worlds, I shouldn't be the only one in charge of the holy flame. If you find any one, your strength is more terrifying than me."

Listening to Leng Luochen's words, Xiao Yan also smiled slightly, obviously these two are old foxes.

"Once the Holy Flame recognizes the master, it cannot be deprived. This also creates the noble status of the master of the Holy Flame."

"As for the other powerhouses, because they are guarding various fortresses in the Great Thousand World, they can't leave, and now the foreign evil clan is about to move, and our top combat power can't move rashly. This time the battle of the mansion is the main point of your plane meeting. course."

Leng Luochen explained, and then looked at Xiao Yan with an unfinished look.

"What's in it for me?"

Xiao Yan suddenly asked without a smile, this kind of thing can't be sloppy.

"The benefits are of course yours."

"But after things are over."

"Our Daqiangong will be responsible for sending you into the void, and everything you gain in the cave will be yours. Other specific details will be discussed at the plane meeting."

"Well."

"You keep this thing, it should be able to help you in some places in the Wufu."

After Leng Luochen finished speaking, a piece of noble golden paper suddenly appeared and handed it to Xiao Yan.

"This is……"

Xun'er, who had been silent for a while, suddenly frowned and looked at the golden piece of paper in front of Xiao Yan with a little stunned expression.

The golden paper is as clean as white paper, and there are no lines or marks on it, but it is filled with a vast aura.

"Let's go, you go to the plane conference room first, and I'll be there later."

After finishing speaking, the space domain was lifted, the wing room returned to normal, Xiao Yan and the two walked towards the plane conference room under the leadership of the Daqiangong staff.

It wasn't until Xiao Yan disappeared from sight that the void in the wing wriggled, and an old man rushed out with a face full of shame, and then looked at the disappearing Xiao Yan and murmured, "Just use them like this. , wouldn't it be too cruel?"

"King Gu Kun... Have you forgotten the tragic state of being tortured by foreign evil races in the Great Thousand World?"

"After countless years of development, all the top forces on the Human World Continent just want to stay in a corner, and doing so now is a last resort. After all, if you want to shake the foundation of the evil races outside the realm, we rely on us alone. The palace is not enough."

"Moreover, the Demon King in our Great Thousand Palaces has lost too much in the battles of the past dynasties. If he does not use some special things to integrate his strength, I am afraid that he will not be able to resist the Second World War."

"I have a hunch that the Daqian world has been so quiet in recent years, and the evil races outside the territory have begun to gather. I am afraid they are already planning to attack our Daqian territory."

Leng Luochen scolded the Demon King with resentment on his face, shook his head and sighed.

"Perhaps, wait until this lord is rescued, and let us both bear all the crimes by ourselves."

"Daqian World will be guarded by our Daqian League Daqian Palace."

"This trip to the Martial Palace can be regarded as a battle between us and the evil race outside the territory."

The voice fell, and the two Demon Slayers also hid here, but this trip to the plane meeting is probably not so simple.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: