Chapter Vol 4 1668: All means available!

"Boom!" The terrifying offensive of many powerhouses is like endless darkness roaring away at the demon guard. The strength of its attack is so strong that I am afraid that the powerhouses in the middle stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortals will not dare to resist, but it is precisely because of the large number of people. Some powerhouses held the heart of luck, so they fished in troubled waters, and did not go all out. With so many powerhouses fighting against Immortals, the Demon Guard was only defeated, but now the fire of immortality is in sight, so this scene happened. It was because of this greedy fluctuation that almost wiped out these guys.

"..." A violent energy ripple wriggled, and the endless light in this void instantly shattered, and immediately returned to its original state. The void did not vibrate due to such violent energy fluctuations, but became stronger and stronger.

"Huhu... What a terrifying fluctuation." After the aftermath dissipated, a circle of milky white energy shackles surrounded the Demon Guard's body, directly protecting it and the area behind him.

The milky white shackles are like supreme rulers, with an unstoppable momentum, they can easily resist the force of the crowd, but the devil guard has a strange smile on his face.

If these guys put aside their mutual opinions and use all their strength to obliterate themselves, I am afraid that they will only be able to fall. Unfortunately, in order to retain their strength and compete for the undead fire, the combined attack strength of everyone is too weak.

"This guy is actually a human." After everyone attacked, they retreated, forming a joint attack, wrapping it up, but Xiao Yan frowned.

"Among the demon guards, they are basically human." Eriner said with a breath of fresh air.

"Isn't that demon of light..." Xiao Yan became more and more puzzled. It seemed that the details of this demon of light were extremely mysterious, and Xiao Yan always felt that this demon of light was not simple.

"Heaven's arrogant son of the dignified five courtyards, is this strength?"

"It's too pediatric!"

"Hahaha!" The demon guard was at a height below zero, with milky white shackles surrounding his body, and endless rays of light slowly permeated his body, dazzling like a sun.

"This guy's strength is too strong...and light attribute power..." The five members of the Five Sect Alliance's faces were quite ugly. They were naturally trying to fish in troubled waters.

"Yu Xiao, let's do it." After hesitating for a while, Deng Qing said with a sullen face. So far, I am afraid that only by letting the two most powerful people in the five major academies take action will they have a chance to obliterate him.

"Damn it... Originally, these means were prepared for the undead fire. It seems that now we can only deal with the demon guards first." Yu Xiao heard the words and nodded solemnly. The awakening, I am afraid that the immortal fire will miss them.

"You all stand back!" Deng Qing snorted coldly, the power of thunder around his body was dense, like a thunder **** of war standing still, his aura was arrogant.

"Shadow!" Deng Qing also snorted coldly, the energy of the shadow system beside him turned into bursts of black flames, entangling his body.

"Have you decided to be real... Then let you have a good taste of what real fear is!"

"The Holy Nail of Light!" The Demon Guard screamed in the sky as he watched the two powerhouses of the Judiciary in the Judiciary make such an offensive.

"Boom!" At the same time, a more pure and holy milky-white halo appeared around the Demon Guard's body, and after a while, it turned into a slap-sized milky-white sharp nail in front of everyone's eyes.

The nails were all snow-white, and countless sacred and inviolable breaths permeated. Under this breath, countless strong men felt a vague sense of unease in their hearts.

"Hand of Judgment!" There was a loud noise, and Deng Qing's palm gently protruded out of it. At that time, a giant thunder hand, which was eclipsed by the sky and the earth, burst out. The whole body of the thunder giant was filled with silver thunder, and countless tiny lines were A rather obscure fluctuation permeates out, and the endless majesty that sets off it seems to be able to completely destroy this place with a random blow.

"Scythe of Judgment!" On the other side, Yu Xiao's pupils shrank tightly, and circles of black flames suddenly emerged from his body. After the blink of an eye, a huge sickle wrapped in endless black flames appeared in his hands. .

The black scythe seemed to exist, but the power contained in it was inciting everyone's minds.

"These two guys are so secretive." You Er of Soul Academy looked at the methods of the three in front of her, and couldn't help taking a deep breath.

"What's the matter... The fluctuations in these two people are not like they can use their strength." Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed and he wondered.

"The hand of judgment, this is one of the top sealing fighting skills in the court of justice. It is so powerful that it is appalling. With this hand, it is enough to easily seal a powerhouse of the same level."

"Scythe of Judgment, this thing is even more tyrannical. The Sickle of Judgment is an immortal weapon, and it ranks among the best in the list of immortal weapons. It is stored in the Judgment Court, controlled by the strongest, and cultivated to the extreme. Disciple You can temporarily multiply the phantom of the Scythe of Judgment, so as to use it to imprison the enemy." You Er explained.

"It's really two tyrannical guys...but the two of them are probably not the opponents of this guy." Xiao Yan was startled at first, and then shook his head.

With his tyrannical soul power and control over all kinds of holy flames, Xiao Yan could clearly feel the monstrous evil power under the demon guard. It seemed that the demon guard was still not using all his strength.

"Sir, that guy in has the existence of holy flame." Just when the three were preparing for a terrorist attack, Heipao Mu Wushuang suddenly pointed at Xiao Yan and said.

"Holy Yan... He can't run away." The Demon Guard glanced at Xiao Yan lightly and spoke indifferently, but with such a light glance, Xiao Yan was shaken all over, as if he had fallen into an abyss!

"Suffer to death, Demon Guard!" Deng Qing and Yu Xiao roared with a dazzling offensive, both at a height below zero.

"Come on." The Demon Guard was still half-smiling.

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, the Holy Nail of Brightness shot towards the two of them under the shroud of white light in the sky.

"Suppress me!" Deng Qing and Yu Xiao looked at each other, and the dazzling attack in their hands was directly pushed out.

For a time, the entire Undying Saint Tan was surging, and the energy of destruction was constantly fluctuating. Even after such a long time, the three men in black robes had slowly mobilized the power above the ancient branches, and a more dangerous atmosphere was about to emerge. .

"Crash!" The endless vindictive energy completely turned into bursts of destruction storms, squirming recklessly here. Wherever the destruction storms go, nothing grows, making this void even more desolate.

"Has the outcome been decided?" After a long time, the fog of battle dissipated, and three figures appeared one after another from the aftermath of the battle, but above the three figures, the aura was wilted, as if about to die common people.