Chapter 374: The secret deal between the Xuanling royal family and Solomon!

Within the Xuanling royal family, there was a rather dark gate, and several figures slowly appeared at this time. Among them, there was one, who was the person in charge of Solomon who participated in the super sect trials!

Solomon, in this Xuansan three days, is a fairly low-key sect, because there are very few things that come out, and the disciples within Solomon are also extremely low-key.

However, even if it is like this, it cannot resist the prestige of this Solomon. After all, it is possible to be within the nine super sects within the Xuantian Santian with as many sects as the stars. No one can be trusted without any background.

A few people slowly entered a room, and Wen Zi also carefully checked to see if there were any suspicious people, and gently closed the door of the room with you.

Just as Wen Zi closed the door of the room, a slight spatial fluctuation also quietly entered, and then he stood still in a certain corner of the room.

"How are things going?" Wen Zi also asked.

In the room, the dim light also shone slowly, and then a voice emanated from it.

"According to our investigation, the Medusa clan did not know where a clan with the blood of the nine-colored swallowing python came from."

"Since the arrival of this clan, the nine major tribes that originally faced each other in the Medusa clan have all surrendered to her rule, but only three tribes refused to obey her rule, but the blood of the nine-colored swallowing python was helpless. The power is too powerful, and it also has a terrifying power to suppress the heretics in the family, so those three tribes are also suppressed." Solomon's twelfth sect master also spoke slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Oh?"

"How about the strength of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python?" Wen Yi also responded slowly. Obviously, although he helped King Xuanling with one hand, King Xuanling also concealed something from him.

"The strength of the nine-colored swallowing python is mediocre. I am afraid that it is now at the level of a five-star fighting emperor."

"But..." Solomon's Twelfth Sect Master also seemed to hesitate.

"But what?"

"But it doesn't matter." Wen Zi didn't put on any airs at all. After all, the relationship between the Xuanling Royal Family and Solomon was somewhat close, so there was no need to put on airs!

More importantly, beside the twelfth sect master of Solomon, there are two mysterious figures in black cloaks!

Even Wen Zi felt an extremely fearful aura from both of them, so he had to lower his stance.

As far as Wen Zi knows, Solomon has a total of twelve sect masters, and the strength of each sect master is extremely terrifying!

And the one in front of him, Solomon's twelfth sect master, has reached the level of the Seven-Star Dou Di. As for the other sect masters, his strength is only stronger than these twelve sect masters!

"However, our Solomon experts have investigated, and it seems that the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python hasn't appeared since the last time..."

"It seems that they have entered the forbidden land of their Medusa family." Solomon's twelfth sect master also said.

"Really?" Wen Zi was overjoyed when he heard this!

"If this nine-colored swallowing python is not among the Medusa family, then dealing with the Medusa family is quite simple..."

"It's my king's goal, and it's this nine-colored swallowing python!"

"She has entered the forbidden area of ​​the Medusa family, and then we will be able to take action." Wen Zi also laughed when he heard this.

"That said, don't forget that the forbidden area of ​​the Medusa family is extremely strange. Even our first sect master couldn't detect what was in the forbidden area..."

"And this forbidden area of ​​the Medusa family is only accessible to the royal families of their nine major tribes, and the inheritance in the forbidden area is extremely terrifying."

"So you should be careful." Solomon's twelfth sect master also said slowly.

"En." Wen Zi heard the words and was also shocked. If this Solomon's first sect master couldn't explore the forbidden area of ​​the Medusa clan, I am afraid that no one in Xuan Santian would know about the forbidden area of ​​the Medusa clan. s things.

"I don't know what these two are called?" The next moment, Wen Zi also realized that the matter was over, and immediately bent down and said to the two mysterious figures beside Solomon's Twelfth Sect Master.

"You don't need to worry about that."

"When you go back, remember to tell King Xuanling that our plan has to be advanced."

"And the forbidden area of ​​the Medusa family is full of variables, let him send troops as soon as possible." After Solomon's twelfth sect master said, he also put on a black cloak in an instant, and then the next moment, the three also disappeared in this place. in a dark room.

"Looking at this fluctuation, the strength of these two will definitely not be lower than that of the twelfth Solomon sect master..." Wen Zi looked at the disappearing three people and said slowly.

"Could it be..." The next moment, Wen Zi also remembered something, and he also had some thoughts in his heart when he combined with the few people from the Burning Incense Valley.

The next moment, Wen Zi also slowly left the dark room, and then walked towards the Xuanling royal family.

At this time, in the dark room, the space was twisted slightly, and a force also dissipated out of thin air.

"It seems that the Xuanling Royal Family and Solomon have made a big move this time..." In a room, Elder Zhu slowly opened his eyes and said slightly.

"King."

"Solomon's people are here, they told me, let us send troops as soon as possible, otherwise once the nine-colored swallowing python obtains the inheritance of the Medusa family, it will be detrimental to us at that time..." Wen Zi also came to Xuanling King Beside him, he said in a low voice.

"Hehe These devils..."

"However, the work efficiency is not bad."

"Go ahead and assemble the other members of the Dragon-loving Legion as soon as possible. As soon as the news spreads, it is said that our Xuanling royal family sent troops to attack Medusa." King Xuanling was also staring into the distance, and then there was a different look in his pupils.

"That's right, King..."

"In addition to Solomon's twelfth sect master, there are two extremely terrifying figures beside him who came to Xuanling City this time." Wen Zi also remembered something.

"Hehe, it seems that Solomon is more anxious than me..."

"However, even if this Zhujin is me, I have to give him three points." King Xuanling also said slowly.

"I really don't know, why does Solomon have the idea of ​​ruling the entire Xuantian three days..."

"With so many sects, can one of them handle it by themselves?"

"It's too whimsical."

"But forget it, when I get the blood of the Nine-Colored Swallowing Python, whether it's Sheng Yan, this Xuantian Santian, or even Solomon, it's all mine..."

"Hahaha..." Terrifying laughter also spread throughout the room.

"Wang, no matter what, my life is yours, so no matter what you do, I will support you unconditionally!"

"Even if I sacrifice my life for you!" Wen Zi said silently in his heart when he heard the words, and then slowly retreated.

Ask for tickets!