Chapter Vol 4 1335: Stage 2, Soul Competition!

"It's hit!" The next moment, Xie Mo in the black liquid suddenly understood.

Among their extraterrestrial evil races, the kings of each race will leave a special imprint on their base camp. Once someone falls, the supreme among the extraterritorial evil races will know it immediately.

And now Duo Tianhong's five-star fighting immortal's strength is coupled with a holy flame controller, it is easy to obliterate his own four-star fighting immortal, but the two of them are deliberately letting themselves escape, and they have just escaped from Duo Tianhong's body. Above, was immediately imprisoned.

"Where to run!"

"Come back to me!" Realizing that the black liquid under the restraint was still restless, Duo Tianhong snorted, and immediately sewed it tightly together, and then brought it to him. Until now, this evil foam has also been completely blocked by Du Tianhong. Give control.

"Senior, you are..." At this time, Xiao Yan was in control of Sheng Yanjing, as if he was going to urge the power of Sheng Yan to completely obliterate this guy, he was slightly puzzled.

"Many people already know that Xie Mo was sealed in my body by me, so my strength is greatly reduced because of his existence, but now that he has been squeezed out of my body, my strength will return to its peak soon. ."

"And this time, I believe you have also discovered some clues. You met two soul clan people in the first stage. In addition to the information I got, the foreign evil clan seems to have made some moves against our East Continent. , their power should have penetrated into the contestants and the inside of the Thunder Valley of our forged swords."

"So Xie Mo can't fall, otherwise they will notice, this time the war we carefully arranged will disappear." Duan Tianhong looked at the black liquid that was bound by Xie Mo and smiled.

"This battle is the revenge of the evil clan from outside the territory to our sword-forging Thunder Valley, but it is also the clarion call for our East Continent to declare war on the evil clan outside the territory." Duo Tianhong said.

"It's still senior's righteousness." Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words, but this kind of thing obviously couldn't be handled by him fortunately.

"Xiao Yan, thank you."

"Originally, Xie Mo was sealed in my body. My chance of winning this war was only less than 30%, but now, because of Xie Mo's incident, my chance of winning has reached 70%." Duan Tianhong smiled from the heart. road.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Is there anything I can do to help?" Xiao Yan asked slightly, after all, he was also a holy flame controller, and it was his task to eliminate the evil race from outside the realm.

"Just take care of Fei'er."

"This time, the evil tribe from outside the territory attacked our East Continent, and to a large extent, they wanted to capture Fei'er, because once her identity as a reincarnator is awakened, I am afraid that it will cause a lot of prestige to the evil tribe outside the territory."

"And this time the comparison of Eastern Continents is over, and after the comparison of Four Continents, if there is a chance, take him back to the human world, the ghost world is not suitable for her."

"At least protect her until she wakes up." Duan Tianhong said with a hint of helplessness.

"Yes." Xiao Yan heard the words, looked at Du Qifei, whose aura was looming, and nodded helplessly.

"Reincarnator..."

"I don't know when I will wake up..."

"Sometimes too much power can be a burden."

"As her mother said, Fei'er's life is just as ordinary as other girls." Du Tianhong looked at Fei'er's eyebrows vaguely merged with the silver thunder, and suddenly said sadly, he knew, Once the identity of the reincarnator is awakened, the crises and enemies that will be faced in the future will definitely be some wicked people.

"With great power comes great responsibility."

"However, in order to protect the people you hold dear, you still have to practice hard." Xiao Yan also shook his head slowly, and the images of Mu Yingying and Xun'er and a few daughters appeared in his mind.

"Okay, let's go first."

"The second phase should also begin soon."

"After Fei'er wakes up, I will let her go to find you." Duan Tianhong said slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and was instantly teleported back by Du Tianhong.

"Xie Mo... This time, I will definitely make your extraterritorial evil clan lose their blood!" As soon as he finished speaking, Duo Tianhong immediately took the black liquid that had been imprisoned by the silver thunder back into his inner ring, and Forging the illusion of an evil black group on the chest, as for the specific use, it is unknown.

"A descendant of the Xiao clan..." Following Du Tianhong's actions and Xiao Yan's departure, Duo Qifei also completed the fusion at this moment. emerge.

However, this voice was like bursts of Sanskrit, and Duo Tianhong was not heard.

"Huhu."

"Movement fighting skills Thunder Explosion and Thunder God Scroll, this first stage of the test is not a loss." Xiao Yan had just returned to his room, and was about to take out his body fighting skills to practice, but he was swept away by the rain. He was awakened by the knock on the door with the second daughter Liu Qing.

"What's the matter?" Pushing the door open, the two goddesses immediately looked a little wrong, Xiao Yan wondered.

"The rules for the second stage of the competition have come out." The two women were not polite to Xiao Yan, they went directly to the wooden table in the room and sat down, took a sip of tea and said.

"Ah?" After Xiao Yan heard the words, he remembered that he had been in the Treasure Pavilion for too long, and now the second stage is about to begin.

"The second stage of the competition is very strange... It is the soul competition Liu Qingbei's lips moved slightly, and then the seductive voice filled the whole house.

"Soul competition?" Xiao Yan's face suddenly became shocked when he heard this!

When it comes to the cultivation of Dou Qi, Xiao Yan naturally cannot be compared with these heavenly heroes above Dongzhou, but when it comes to soul power, I am afraid that no one can compare to Xiao Yan. Medicine, the cultivation of soul power is also steady step by step.

"And this second stage of the competition, the rewards are also extremely rich."

"The first place can get a volume of soul attack fighting skills." The next moment, Yu Ran's voice resounded throughout the room.

"What?" When Xiao Yan heard this, the corners of his mouth couldn't help but tremble!

Soul Attack Fighting Skill!

Its value is comparable to Thor's Scroll, or even better!

"You are an alchemist of the 4th rank of immortal rank, and your soul power must have reached the fairyland. This time, you are very hopeful to win!" Liu Qing also said with a cheerful smile.

"The registration has lasted for nine days. Tomorrow is the last day."

"But according to the current registration situation, it doesn't seem to be ideal..."

"Because the total number of applicants is only a few hundred now, and the powerhouses whose soul power has reached the fairyland are not even one-handed." Yu Ran opened her mouth in Dudu.

"Let's go, then why don't you take advantage of today and sign up." Xiao Yan heard the words and smiled slowly, although he already had such a tyrannical soul fighting skill as You Mingtian Trance, he was not afraid of any more!