Chapter 551: Mansion manor? Fairy?

"Clang." The door was slowly opened.

What appeared in front of Xiao Yan was actually a room full of countless dust.

After walking a few steps, he scratched it with his hand. Unexpectedly, the dust was extremely thick. At first glance, he knew that no one had disturbed him all the year round.

"Strange, the door outside this house is very clean, why is there so much dust inside this house... It seems that it has not been disturbed all year round." Xiao Yan thought for a while, and it appeared that no one had come in here.

The area of ​​the house is very large. In the main hall, there is a road in the middle. There are ten chairs on both sides of the road. As for the first one, above the high one, there are two golden chairs.

Behind the golden chair, there is a wall with a rather exquisite painting hanging on the wall.

The content of the painting is a very large cauldron!

In the cauldron, an elixir about the size of a longan is so lifelike that at first glance, people seem to know that it is refining medicine.

"What is that..." While Xiao Yan was observing the wooden hall, Shanyao suddenly felt a little bit of doubt, then raised her jade hand slightly and pointed to a box in front of her.

I don't know why, but this box actually made Shanyao feel dizzy!

"En?" Xiao Yan followed Shanyao's guidance and found that on the wooden table between the two golden chairs, a box was slowly standing on it.

The box is about the length of a person's arm, but there is too much dust, and the appearance of the box can no longer be seen. What can be seen is only an outline that is basically the same as that of the box.

"Let's go and have a look." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said.

"It's very dangerous!" Shanyao directly pulled Xiao Yan's shirt, and Bei bit her lips.

"Dangerous?" Xiao Yan was quite puzzled. According to his perception of soul power, there seemed to be no danger here, but why did Shanyao say that?

"Hey, I'm just a thug, don't expect me to do anything, I'm not interested in these things, little brother Xiao Yan just promises to give me the refined medicinal pills." said.

The labor and capital do not look down on the treasures here, so they will not **** it from you. Therefore, the task of the snake torture is only to protect Xiao Yan. Once they get out of this desert mountain range, the transaction will be terminated!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's natural." Xiao Yan thought it was a little funny, why is this snake torture so greedy for life and fear of death now?

"Don't go in, this is an organ..." The three of Xiao Yan slowly stood at the door, but Long Yi's voice suddenly sounded!

"Organ?" Xiao Yan was suddenly startled, because it has been several minutes since he entered the door of the wooden hall, Xiao Yan did not feel any fluctuations in vindictiveness, so he stopped at the door.

"That's right, it's the agency."

"So I think, it's not that no one has been here before, it's just that I was scared off by this institution." Long Yi said slowly.

"Shanyao, do you know what the secrets of these ten wooden chairs and golden chairs are?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after sensing that he had no results.

"I don't know, but I can feel that these things are alive." After Shanyao finished speaking, she suddenly raised her brows and looked at the ten wooden and golden chairs in front of her.

"What should I do now?" Snake Xing naturally noticed Shanyao and Xiao Yan's hesitation, and asked immediately.

"I'm here, I can't leave empty-handed, I want to give it a try." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Although there seems to be a hidden mystery here, but with Xiao Yan's character, naturally he will not give up easily.

"Me too." Shanyao said excitedly.

"Let's do it then." Snake Xing heard the words and laughed. Although there seemed to be some hidden secrets in this hall, it was not too much of a threat to Snake Xing, who possessed the perfect strength of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor.

"By the way, Shanyao, what is the attribute of your Dou Qi?" Just as he was about to start, Xiao Yan asked out of a whim.

"It seems to be from the water system..." Shanyao said vaguely.

"Is the water system..."

"Be careful later, if anything goes wrong, leave immediately." Xiao Yan said to Shanyao in a deep voice.

This Shanyao shoulders the mission of reviving the Tianmu fish clan, so Xiao Yan is naturally more helpful.

"Yes." Shanyao responded, then slowly stared at the hall in front of her.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan took a deep breath and then slowly stepped out.

"Pimple!" Just as Xiao Yan took the first step, a majestic voice suddenly came from the painting!

"Those who trespass on the mansion are forbidden by wood for thousands of years!" The majestic voice slowly returned to the hall, and then Xiao Yan's heart trembled slightly, and his body was violently tumbling with fighting qi!

"Cough cough cough..."

"What a terrifying coercion..." Xiao Yan resisted the tyrannical coercion of those few, and then walked forward slowly, without flinching at all because of the sound.

Xiao Yan was still ten steps away from entering the ten wooden chairs. He gritted his teeth and walked forward one bite at a time.

Xiao Yan was extremely struggling. On the one hand, there was an extremely tyrannical coercion in his voice. Xiao Yan's strength was only in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, so the resistance was too terrifying. As for Shan Yao and Snake Punishment, the two of them were relatively good. .

"I can do it... No need." Just when Xiao Yan wanted to share a little pressure on Shanyao, Shanyao raised a stubborn face and declined Xiao Yan's good show.

"It seems that the Tianmuyu clan is really good." Xiao Yan also slowly felt relieved. After all, Xiao Yan was worried that Shanyao had just woken up and was not familiar with the use of power, but now it seems that it is Xiao Yan. Think too much.

"Every time you enter this wooden hall, you will be blocked by the power left by the mad wood immortal master. Of course, there is a reason why I was refined by him..."

"However, these boys can actually resist this terrifying fluctuation. It seems that the contents of the box can be found out, so I will wait..." Sisi figure slowly walked out of the wooden hall came from a void.

"Damn it, what a terrifying fluctuation!" After Xiao Yan and the three spent a few minutes, they simply resisted the pressure of the terrifying voice.

After the fight, Xiao Yan and the others stopped in front of the wooden chairs in the wooden hall.

At this time, they can step into this organ with just one step!

"I seem to have a solution." Maybe it was Xiao Yan's concern for Shanyao just now, so Shanyao's attitude towards Xiao Yan is very good now.

"What can I do?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard the words. After all, here, just relying on intuition, Xiao Yan could feel that it was too dangerous!

If there was a simpler and safer way, Xiao Yan would definitely not take the risk!

"You may not believe this method, but it's true."

"Because I can find that the power in this manor and manor, I seem to be able to draw a part of it!" After Shan Yao finished speaking, a strange look flashed in her eyes?

"what?"

"Is this manor and manor also a... fairy?" Xiao Yan heard Shanyao's words and seemed to remember something that his master, the Golden Dragon King, had said, and suddenly shouted.

Ask for tickets!