Chapter 399: All parties gather!

Deep in the Xuanling royal family, in a rather quiet bamboo forest.

"Wen Zi, how are things going?" King Xuanling also slowly sat in the pavilion, and then said slowly.

"Wang, the auction is ready, just waiting for it to start tomorrow." Wen Zi also said respectfully.

"That's good. The things in this auction are too precious, so don't make any mistakes."

"Don't neglect your guarding power." King Xuanling also said indifferently.

"Yes." After Wen Zi finished speaking, he also immediately withdrew. After all, this auction was fully entrusted to Wen Zi, so he had to do his best.

"I don't know why, why does my left eyelid keep jumping..."

"Is it a bad omen?" King Xuanling also said to himself.

"But forget it, after this auction is over, we will set off to attack that Medusa!"

"Nine-colored swallowing python, you can't escape from my palm!"

"Humph!"

"Bamboo Jin, just wait for Solomon's people to deal with you..."

"Yanzhi, you will be mine sooner or later!"

"Hahaha..." King Xuanling's laughter was also extremely ferocious.

Today’s Xuanling Royal Family and Xuanling City are undoubtedly the most lively. After all, tomorrow is when the auction opens, and many super sects or some major forces will also live in this Xuanling City to wait for tomorrow’s auction. .

After all, an auction at this price must be filled with bizarre treasures. If you can get one or two in your pocket, it will be very good for your own strength and even the sect behind you.

In Xuanling City, there are also two extremely powerful forces.

A force called the Tuling family, although the name is not very pleasant, but this family has existed since the establishment of the Xuanling royal family, so its background is quite large!

Among this clan, there is a terrifying powerhouse with earth-type fighting spirit!

The Xuanling royal family built the Great Wall that defended the Medusa family, and it also relied on the strength of this family. Otherwise, with the power of the Xuanling royal family, if they wanted to build the Great Wall, it would undoubtedly be extremely difficult.

After all, the use of earth attribute fighting qi in this earth spirit family, I am afraid that the entire Xuan Santian is unmatched.

Another force, strange to say, is the Sun family.

The Sun family has always been the guardian of the Xuanling royal family, but the Xuanling royal family has also noticed that the Sun family's ambitions are not small, and it seems that they vaguely want to replace their Xuanling royal family's status.

It's just that he was afraid of some old monsters in the Xuanling royal family, so he didn't dare to take action rashly.

In this regard, the Xuanling Royal Family is also aware of the Sun Family's intentions, but they didn't point it out.

It is precisely because of this that the Sun family and the Xuanling royal family have been at peace with each other.

However, the Xuanling royal family also has confidence. If the Sun family rebels, it will be terrifying to say that the family will be destroyed.

"You little girl, can't you walk slower?"

"Do you want to exhaust your master and my old bones?" An unpleasant voice also came from behind the woman.

"Okay, okay, my good master, if you don't walk faster, the good things will be picked out by others." The woman also found her master, and immediately turned around.

One of the two people who spoke was a loving old man. The old man was dressed in yellow and stared at the woman in front of him with a smile on his face. The steadyness from his pupils also set off his entire body, and his body was full of breath. It is also very calm, like a mountain with an aura like a rainbow.

And the woman in front of her was also dressed in yellow clothes and had a rather slender figure, but the woman's short hair also perfectly set off her eccentricity.

On the woman's waist, there is a rather delicate jade pendant hanging quietly. On the jade pendant, there is a circle, and in the middle of the circle, an earth character slowly appears.

"It's actually from the Tuling family..." Pedestrians passing by also saw these two people, and they immediately greeted them respectfully. After all, the status of the Tuling family is in Xuanling City, which is dozens of miles around, even Xuanling. Among the royal family, the status of the Tuling family is more deeply rooted in the hearts of the people than the Xuanling royal family and the Sun family.

This Tuling family built the Great Wall!

The Great Wall of 10,000 li has stopped the Medusa family from invading countless times and protected their people, so these people are also very grateful to the people of their Tuling family.

"Master, let's go to the medicine market first. I heard that there is a small auction of the Xuanling royal family. There are many strange things." After the woman finished speaking, she also went straight to the medicine market.

"Hey, you..." After the old man finished speaking, he also followed the woman. After all, this little girl is in their Tuling family, and her status is quite high, so as a master, she has to protect her well.

"The Xuanling royal family really lives up to its reputation." Outside an inn, two men with swords on their backs also appeared.

When the two men appeared, they didn't exude any aura, but they were quite young at this time, but the shocking sword intent on their bodies could not be concealed.

"This time, the master and the others didn't come. I also followed the name of the master and took you out to see it. Maybe it will help you break through the current realm."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After all, although this little junior brother started a little late, his understanding of the sword intent made them feel ashamed as senior brothers.

"Thank you Third Senior Brother, but I'm not interested in these One of the figures also said, and then went directly to his residence.

"Hey, I'm really obsessed with swords..." The third senior brother also knew his junior brother's weird attitude, and he didn't have any thoughts, and then went to his residence.

Their Wanjianmen is the head of the nine super sects, so it is naturally indispensable for this kind of prosperity.

"It seems that there are a lot of forces pouring into this Xuanling City now..."

"With so many forces pouring in, it seems that this auction is also extremely anticipated." After speaking, he disappeared into the inn.

Up to this time, a lot of powerful forces have poured into Xuanling City, and of course some people who entered silently cannot be ruled out.

Inside the Xuanling Imperial Palace, a rather exquisite place, this place is where the items of this auction are stored!

"How is the arrangement of the guards?" Wen Zi also appeared at the door of this room, and then said to the soldiers guarding the door.

"Reporting to the lord, the guardian has immediately spread all over the interior of the Xuanling Imperial House and the outer periphery of the Xuanling City."

"No one can trespass unless you are an immortal warrior." The soldier also said respectfully.

"Well, that's fine."

"Thank you for your hard work. After this auction is over, I'll give you a long vacation. Let's do it well." After Wen Zi finished speaking, he also left here.

When the soldiers heard this, they immediately started patrolling more and more diligently.

Ask for tickets!