Chapter 513: Destroy the Golem!

"Go!" In the darkness, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then an extremely dazzling flame burst out of the two of them in an instant!

The flames on the two of them are all twenty-three colors, or from the inside out, a smear of flames directly covers the whole body, and the terrifying high temperature makes the temperature of this dark passage increase a lot!

"Sisi!" At the next moment, the dark passage was just above the sky, and countless pairs of fiery red eyes appeared!

A wave of viciousness was born in an instant!

The dark bat's eyes were tightly locked on Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi. Being locked by such a huge number, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel chills on their backs because of their concentration.

Seeing this, the dark bat kept making an extremely harsh sound, and the sound was filled with crazy excitement!

"Shabu!" The space in the dark passage is extremely narrow, and the flames on the two of them just emerged, and they illuminate the entire passage!

At this time, the true face of this channel is revealed!

This dark passage, above the passage, are actually all dark bats!

The dark bat was suspended upside down in the passage, and above the thin body, a strange flame faintly appeared in its abdomen!

Don't underestimate a cluster of flames, the power contained in this tiny cluster of flames is extremely terrifying!

The next moment, the dark bats around were as if they had seen delicious food, and flew towards the two of them desperately!

"The number of these dark bats is really terrifying."

"However, the dark bat of the mere one-star Dou Di is nothing to be concerned about." Rao is Xiao Yi's temperament, looking at the large black spot in front of him, he can't help but slap his tongue secretly!

"Go?" Xiao Yi said solemnly!

"Wait, this number is not enough." Xiao Yan kept his eyes fixed on the dark bat directly above the passage, seeing that the number was increasing, he said.

"It's almost there, let's go!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan said lightly, it was obvious that the dark bats were very close to the two of them at this time, and the number was enough!

Immediately, the speed of the two firemen, who were covered in flames, burst out suddenly, and flew away towards the place where the stone giant was located. In order to prevent the dark bat from losing its target, the two had a moderate speed.

"Shabu Shabu!" The dark bat directly ignored the three-seven-two-one. There was no hesitation when Xiao Yan and the two escaped from the hungry place.

"Come on!" Mu Yingying and her party stood slightly at the farthest point of the giant stone statue, and immediately saw two extremely dazzling flames appear in the dark passage, and they looked at each other slightly.

"Get ready, if something goes wrong..." Mu Feng signaled with his eyes, and immediately became vigilant. In this unknown place, one cannot let down any vigilance, otherwise the next moment will be the burial place of their group!

"Boom boom boom!"

"Hurry away!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and then the flames on the two of them merged instantly, and then Xiao Yan didn't hesitate, and directly threw the fused flame onto the stone giant!

"Let's see what you do now." After Xiao Yan finished all of this, he said something to the giant stone statue, and then suddenly landed down towards the corner of the wall where Mu Yingying and the others were. The huge soul force And the double protection of fighting qi.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just as Xiao Yan left his front feet, the dark bat on his hind feet was like a hungry ghost rushing towards food. Without any hesitation, he smashed directly on the stone giant!

"Bang bang bang!" The harsh impact sounded directly in this space, and then the body of the dark bat, due to its too fast speed, smashed directly on the stone giant and turned into powder!

In the powder, a terrifying flame flashed out, and then directly attacked the stone giant!

But the tiny flame was instantly absorbed by the stone giant!

"I want to see how much you can absorb!" Xiao Yan said lightly in his heart, and then the huge dark bats kept smashing on the stone giant, causing a burst of dust to appear.

At the same time, the flame on the stone giant did not disappear instantly, but after burning for a few seconds, it was extinguished by some special power on the stone giant!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

But these few seconds are enough!

The speed of these dark bats is extremely fast, almost in a breath, they are smashing at the stone giant, and the number of large troops behind is extremely terrifying, even if the power of flame on the stone giant is extinguished, but because the speed is too fast , The dark bat couldn't stop the car, and smashed directly on the stone giant!

"Boom boom boom!" A wave of extremely hot flame ripples instantly radiated from the stone giant's body!

And as the dark bat continued to die, some cracks appeared faintly on the indestructible stone statue of the stone giant!

"Although these dark bats possess a lot of flame power and space power, they live in this dark space all the year round, and their intelligence is too low. At this time, it is no different from sending them to death." Mu Feng said.

"Look, every time these dark bats hit the stone giant, they will be instantly turned into powder by the mysterious power of the stone giant, but even if the dark bat dies, the power that erupts is a terrifying flame. Fluctuations, maybe a dark bat is not very good, but if there are hundreds of thousands, the power is too terrifying." Green Dibei's lips moved slightly, as she emerged from the blood of the snake people, it was obvious from the destruction of the dark bat. Among them, I could smell a wave of hot fluctuations.

"It seems to be feasible." Xiao Yan said slowly, and then he was a little worried. Soul power was bursting out, forming an invisible protection around everyone!

After this huge layer of soul power appeared, the terrifying energy generated by the dark bat's death-style was instantly isolated and clean!

"It's going to explode..." I don't know who said it Then those dark bats also seemed to have noticed something was wrong, and stopped sending them to their deaths, but at this time, the cracks on the stone giant were very obvious!

"Xiao Yi, you're adding some ingredients!" Xiao Yan said in an instant, and immediately blocked the exit when several people came in, and an extremely hot flame wave was born in an instant!

"Okay!" Xiao Yi was also someone who understood Xiao Yan's thoughts immediately. As soon as the flame power in her body was invoked, an extremely bright flame appeared in the palm of her hand!

"go!"

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yi and Xiao Yan's powerful voices slowly spread in this space, the sand and dust rose slightly, and a volcanic eruption-like aura of fear suddenly drifted away!

"Boom boom boom!" The flames left by the dark bat's death, coupled with the power of Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, instantly hit the stone statue giant, and the stone statue giant actually made a burst of cracking sound!

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the giant stone statue blocking the road slowly settled down, and then the dust spread all over!

"Everyone, be careful, this giant stone statue should be broken!" Xiao Yan said, and then his eyes became vigilant, because at this time, Long Yi, who was on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind him, said something that made Xiao Yan's hair stand upright. discourse.

"There... there seems to be fluctuations in the evil race from outside the territory."

Ask for a ticket?

Five more today!

beg!