Chapter 59: Defeat 6 Guardians!

Looking at Yue Ru, who was weak in front of him, Xiao Yan also moved her to a resting place for a good rest. Then, in the stunned eyes of the audience, a dozen medicinal pills appeared in Xiao Yan's hand.

The pill is surrounded by a faint pill halo, and people with discerning eyes can know that it comes from the hands of high-level alchemists.

Moreover, there were dozens of them in the first shot, and the people in the hall were stunned by such a wealth of money.

"Eat it, you will recover faster after eating it. You won't have to use this kind of power again in the future."

Xiao Yan was also helpless. Yueru had just used a power that did not belong to him to protect the law. He also saw it in his eyes. He could do this by chance. Xiao Yan couldn’t help but feel a little emotional, but Xiao Yan was not a long-winded person either. Knowing that although one guardian has been resolved, there are five other guardians who are also taking care of Yueru.

"Xiao Yan, you bastard!"

"Don't come and help me!"

Wu Huan also saw that Xiao Yan and the others had ended their battle and couldn't help shouting loudly.

But how could Xiao Yan have the same knowledge as this martial art? If it is too late to avoid this kind of battle, how can he take the initiative to go up.

It's always not wrong to go out and defend yourself.

Except for Xiao Yan and the others, the battles in the other five places were also at a disadvantage.

As for the gray guardian that Xiao Yan and the others faced, it was not because the guardian was too weak, but because the mysterious rune on Yueru's forehead was too powerful.

The light of the bright moon instantly imprisoned all the spiritual energy around the gray guardian, and even the grudge within the gray guardian had a hint of solidification. the scene of the person.

After all, something that can be related to Dou Xian is definitely extraordinary.

Seeing that Xiao Yan and the others ended the battle, the others present also knew that they were planning to strike the final blow.

"Boom boom boom!"

The terrifying power radiated from Wang Zhong, and then slowly poured into the black sword in his hand.

The black sword is simple and simple, making it look like an ancient giant sword. Strangely, even if Wang Zhong madly poured a huge grudge into the black sword, the black sword did not have any power.

Could it be that something went wrong? The strong people present couldn't help but think, but then they thought about it again, the sword madman in the dignified sword king city should not be like this...

"Puff puff!"

Wang Zhong still has a strong will to fight in his eyes. From the battle with this guardian just now, Wang Zhong's perception of sword intent has improved a lot.

"Pick me up!"

After Wang Zhong finished speaking, there was a fierce look in his eyes, and then he raised the black sword in his hand.

The black sword was lifted up, and it immediately exuded a monstrous atmosphere. Countless sword shadows appeared next to the black sword, roaring towards the guardian!

"Sword damage to kill!"

At this time, Wang Zhong's eyes showed a lot of madness, and the black sword in his hand also burst out with amazing power.

This is the realm of the unity of man and sword!

There are many discerning people present who can see it at a glance. Although Wang Zhong is just getting started with sword unity, he is invincible among his peers!

The unity of man and sword is the fusion of the power of man and the power of the sword. The power of the two is extremely terrifying!

"Boom boom boom!"

The aftermath of the circle of battles dissipated, and the guardian also coughed a few times, and then a mouthful of blood spurted out.

When the guardian saw this, he also returned to the stone steps. If he loses, he loses.

The third place to fight.

Sun Ming's whole body exudes a monstrous and tyrannical aura, even if he is full of scars, it does not affect Sun Ming's attack on the guardian at all.

One punch!

A kick!

With such constant battles, the blood will only make Sun Ming's maddening effect even more pronounced!

No matter how powerful the guardian's attack was, Sun Ming also used his body to resist it, and his strength continued to rise as he was injured again and again.

"Puff puff!"

The Guardian was also defeated in the battle of Sun Ming's life-for-life battle.

The third guardian, back to the stone steps.

The demon is constantly dealing with the guardian, relying on her own strong and flexible movement, dodging the attack of the guardian, and then giving the guardian a strong counterattack.

Feng Yi knew that he could not fight in actual combat, so he watched the timing closely, and the terrifying soul attack instantly attacked the guardian.

Even with the strength of the guardian of the peak of Samsung Dou Di, facing Feng Yi, who is dedicated to practicing medicine refining technology and soul power, it is still uncomfortable.

After all, Feng Yi is the soul of the emperor, and the soul of the emperor is adding a terrifying soul attack, and the guardian is sluggish for a second at this moment, and the demon seizes the opportunity and defeats it with one blow.

As a result, the fourth guardian failed!

The fifth guardian.

Martial illusion and the living dead.

The living dead, surrounded by black fighting qi, confronted the guardian with the fire attribute, and the dead man, whose black fighting qi was suppressed in the attribute, had no choice but to do it, and then he could assist Wu Huan on the side.

Wu Huan also looked at the results in other places, and regardless of other things, he used his vindictive energy to defeat the Guardian with all his might!

The fifth guardian failed.

Looking at the sixth guardian, with the passage of time, he has actually recovered to the strength of a half-step four-star Dou Di. It is no wonder that hundreds of people are struggling to cope.

"Boom boom boom!"

Violent fighting spirits attacked the guardian in all directions.

The guardian also waved his hand casually in the face of danger, and those seemingly tyrannical fighting spirits were shattered.

The other battles in the field are also over, but their 100-man brigade is still fighting.

"Everyone, this guardian is already at the end of the line. As long as we work together and strike with all our strength, we will definitely be able to defeat him!"

Bai Shan also stood up at this moment and said The last guardian at the moment, after defeating this guardian, he can get his hands on which immortal-level fighting skills, and even... the so-called great fortune!

When everyone heard Bai Shan's words, they felt it was reasonable, and immediately aroused the fighting spirit in the whole body, and then the colorful fighting spirit in the team of 100 gathered together, transformed into a huge dragon, roaring and roaring towards the guardian. go!

The terrifying force directly broke through the guardian's defense, and then slammed into the guardian's body viciously.

"Boom boom boom!"

A circle of terrifying energy exploded, and the guardian in front of him also stepped back a few steps under this terrifying power.

As a result, the six guardians have been defeated, and those who defeated the guardians got the light of the fairy-level fighting skills on the guardians.

He went straight back to the stone steps, and then looked at the white clothes under the bones.

"Since you can pass the assessment, that's all."

"This great fortune should belong to your younger generation."

Wearing white clothes, he turned his head slowly and looked at the unstable atmosphere of the people in the hall.

"Come here for me, boy!"

Wearing white clothes and facing Xiao Yan, he grabbed the void, and then Xiao Yan appeared in front of the former.

What caught Xiao Yan's eyes was a delicate face, with a slender body and white clothes that looked so outstanding. If he hadn't looked at it from a close distance, Xiao Yan would not have believed that such a delicate man could exist in the world.

Then, dressed in white, he also grabbed at the void.

"Why are you sneaking around since you're here?"

"Bang bang bang!"

The space shattered, revealing a girl with a bamboo hat and a green lotus on her feet.

​​