Chapter Vol 4 1111: Go to Ghost Moon Well

"What's the matter?"

"Suicide?" When Xiao Yan heard the words of the Soul Eater, a scene of shock emerged in his heart.

"That's right, suicide." The Master of Soul Eater smiled slowly when he saw Xiao Yan was so shocked.

"According to your previous situation of swallowing the holy flame, only when you are in crisis, the flaming beast will directly escape from the sea of ​​fighting qi to save you. From this, it can be concluded that this guy can freely enter and exit your sea of ​​fighting qi."

"And at that time, you were in danger because you swallowed the holy flame, and the flame beast appeared."

"So according to my speculation, if you are in danger, the flame beast will also show up."

"After all, he lives in your body, and he will definitely not let you have an accident."

"After the flaming beast appears, you can directly use the power of two holy flames to lock you to death. No matter how tyrannical the flaming beast is, you will not be able to go back."

"If that's the case, then you can rest assured to condense the Dou Core and advance to Dou Immortal." The Soul Eater analyzed.

"It makes sense..."

"However, I don't have a trace of Dou Qi in the sea of ​​Dou Qi in my body. How can I compress the Sea of ​​Dou Qi to condense the Dou Qi?" Xiao Yan heard this, his brows relaxed immediately, but the next moment, he became suspicious again.

"This……"

"These secrets are probably related to flaming beasts."

"Wait for it to be brought out, and question it carefully."

"But don't worry, kid, according to what I read in a book before, your fighting spirit is a great good thing, but I can't remember the specific book." said Soul Eater.

"That's the only way it can be now." Xiao Yan heard the words, no longer in a deep voice, but slowly and calmly, quietly waiting for the arrival of tomorrow.

The night at Guiwangling was extremely cold, and it was accompanied by the roar of the dark wind, which made people feel fearful.

The next day, the vigor of the morning just dissipated, and a beautiful day began.

"Brother Xiao Yan, you got up early enough." As soon as Qing Wen came out of the tent, he saw Xiao Yan sitting cross-legged under a big tree not far away.

"Morning is the best time for all things to recover. This kind of cultivation will help improve your strength." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also smiled at each other, and then spoke slowly.

How did Xiao Yan know about these things? He came out early just to familiarize himself with the terrain in the Ghost King Ridge, but before he could move, Qing Wen appeared, so he had to do it.

"It's getting late."

"Let's go." After a few more minutes, figures came out of the tents one after another, and then Qingwen said.

"This girl is born with water spirit, but why do I feel that there is something not simple about this girl..."

"That kind of ghost energy is not something that a little ghost king can have." The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body used Xiao Yan's body to look at Qing'er from a close distance. Naturally, the feeling was stronger, and he said slowly. Dao, but did not mention it to Xiao Yan.

"Let's go." The group of five slowly looked at each other, then headed towards the depths of Ghost King Ridge, and Xiao Yan was also looking forward to whether the Ghost Moon Well was as mysterious as it was said to be.

At the same time as Xiao Yan and the others were walking, some uninvited guests appeared at the foot of the Ghost King Mountain.

"Tell me, where are your masters now!" Three men in robes appeared here with a bound figure. The one in the lead, with a very sharp breath, directly faced a bound man. sternly.

"Ha ha."

"Yuquan, you are nothing but the lackey of the Yu family."

"I won't tell you the position of my master, even if he dies." But the bound figure was a tough guy, still unwilling to accept soft words.

"Mr. Yu, this Qing family has been tough since ancient times. Why are you talking nonsense with him? You can just kill him."

"According to my estimation, the young master and the eldest lady of the Qing family are probably in the Ghost Moon Well at this time. If we are dawdling like this, I am afraid that the things that the master has explained to us will not be able to be done." Among the three figures, standing The figure on the side of the fierce man said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"To shut up!"

"Yu Jin Yuyin, you have to remember that you were sent by the master to assist me."

"If you're not convinced, just go back." The stern man said viciously.

"What Yu is teaching is." Seeing that his words and deeds seemed to anger this big man, Yu Jin Yuyin couldn't help but smile.

This stern man is clearly Yu Quan, the current manager of the Yu family. His strength has reached the middle stage of one-star fighting immortals.

"go."

"He didn't say anything, just took him. When we meet someone from the Qing family, we just have a bargaining chip in our hands." After Yu Quan finished speaking, a sinister smile slowly appeared on the corner of his mouth, obviously thinking of some sinister plan.

"Right, Yu is in charge."

"The people from the Lei family seem to have also received the news and rushed here." At the next moment, Yu Jin spoke slightly.

"Lei's, Qing's, Yu's, all three are here..."

"But the person from the Qing family who was in charge of going back and tipped off was stopped by us. Our opponent is only the Lei family."

"This time, Guiyuejing, I am afraid that the biggest winner will be us." Yu Quan muttered a few words, and then thought.

"How many people are in the Lei family?" Yu Quan asked.

"It seems that one person is here."

"The madman of the Lei family, Lei Shi." Yu Jin said.

"Is it Lei Shi in the early days of One Star Fighting Immortals..." Yu Quan seemed to have thought of something when he heard this.

"go."

"This auction is just around the corner. The powers of the respective forces in the Ghost King City are being supervised by each other. I'm afraid there will be no more people available."

"This Ghost Moon Well will be the tomb of their Qinglei family rustling." After Yu Quan finished speaking, ghost aura surged on his body, that aura, extremely dark, with a trace of rare Cyan energy.

"The manager's strength has actually reached the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal. It's so terrifying." After Yu Jin and Yu Yin felt the aura, their hearts couldn't help condensing.

After the three of them finished speaking, they knocked out the people of the Qing family who were bound and bound, and then walked towards the depths of Ghost King Ridge.

"Boom boom boom!" Not long after the three of them left, a tyrannical figure like thunder appeared directly above its original position. , quite scary.

"The Qing family and the Yu family are here." The tyrannical figure's keen sense of smell sniffed in the air, and then he smelled two familiar breaths and muttered.

"Patriarch said that there are good things in Ghost Moon Well."

"If I can bring it back this time, I will have half of it."

"I just don't know what good things are in Ghost Moon Well." After Lei Shi finished speaking, the power of thunder on his body slowly extinguished, and the movement was suppressed, and he gently stepped out into the depths.

At the same time, outside the Ghost Moon Well, a rather tyrannical force gathered.

The Qing family, the Yu family and the Lei family, I don't know who will be the real winner.

There are more than ten days before the exam. I have been too busy recently.

This story is a bit sloppy, please forgive me, this story is just a small episode, it will be written well later