Chapter Vol 4 2193: Xiao Yi's personal envoy?

The sea of ​​the sky.

The Holy Land of the Spirits.

This is a holy land with many elf creatures gathered, stretching for almost ten thousand miles. Whether it is the stability of space or the abundance of energy from heaven and earth, it is far prosperous in Doudi Continent, and the elves are the superpowers that rank first in the world. Power, so there are not many natural enemies, and they live comfortably here.

Elves are synonymous with the symbol of beauty. They are good at the production and reproduction of art, noble decorations, elegant words and deeds, smart, beautiful, almost integrated with nature, basically living in forests and forming huge creatures The group is very deep into witchcraft.

The elves love peace. Except for the royal family, most of the common elves are friendly and equal among the major groups. They are beautiful and kind, but they are particularly hostile to evil forces. Among the elves, women are the majority, so here, women's Dominance has reached its peak, which is one of the reasons why Xiao Yi is resisted by the other two electors.

Three candidates, two women and one man.

In a quiet bamboo forest in the huge space of the sea of ​​​​sky, here the creek is humming and flowing, and the scenery is beautiful, but next to the creek, there is a strange space light door, which contains an extremely huge space power, look. In this way, it seems that someone is going here through the void passage, and at this time, the three figures are sitting here leisurely, as if waiting for something.

Among the three, the strength is not bad, and even the strength of the leader has reached an extremely terrifying level.

"That girl, Elsa, is really worrying."

Among the three, the woman in the lead just spoke when a melodious voice emerged, but it made the entire bamboo forest stream feel peaceful and peaceful.

Look up. Since the source of the sound is an extremely beautiful and noble woman.

The woman has pointed ears that are slightly longer than humans, blond hair and blue eyes, and her whole body is shining with a shimmering lustre like a crystal. What is even more strange is that there is actually a pair of butterfly wings behind her, which is as beautiful as a butterfly spirit. It is also engraved with a trace of mysterious lines, adding a lot of mysterious atmosphere to it.

"His Royal Highness, although Miss Aisha is playful, she has been taught a lot by you on weekdays, so in this special period, she should be more eager to make contributions."

"However, in the opinion of my subordinates, although Miss Aisha's actions are inappropriate, it is for the public and private, and everything she does is for Her Royal Highness."

"In addition, there is an ice spirit, and Ciel is by her side to protect her, so nothing should happen."

The two women beside the beautiful elf woman hurriedly said.

Except for the leading woman, who is immortal, the other two women still look like elf women, but compared with the first one, both in terms of strength and temperament, they are quite different.

Princess Alice, Lord of the Fire Elf Western Tribe.

"hope so."

"But this girl is real. She was so active during this battle. I have never seen her so active in the past."

"Forget it, we'll keep it here, and once that Xiao Yan from the Endless Fire Territory arrives, we'll kill him on the spot."

"I need the holy flame on him to turn on that thing in our clan."

"As for the things on Xiao Yi's body, they naturally cannot escape my palm."

The butterfly-winged elf Alice spoke indifferently, her eyes fixed on the Void Light Gate in front of her, and her voice was very leisurely, as if she had already controlled everything in her heart.

"Yes!"

"But... Your Royal Highness, this guy is rumored to be only in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal. Do we really need the three of us to take action together?"

"Did you make a big deal out of it?"

The two guards around him didn't understand and asked in a low voice.

"It is rumored that the Endless Fire Territory has an affair with many forces in the demon world and the ghost world. I worry that he is the biggest change in the matter."

"So I would rather believe it than have it."

"Wait... As for Xiao Yi, I have sent the chief of this tribe and two elf elders to go together with the elite, and come out of the nest, trying to completely conquer them today."

After speaking, silence has returned to here.

……

"Pfft!"

The void shattered, Xiao Yan and the two came to the Sea of ​​Sky, but they failed to cross the space passage to the southern Luo Xiaoyi station, and they went to the edge space of the Sea of ​​Sky, and they simply avoided a fierce battle. After all, Ellie As a candidate for Si, her first-level reincarnation strength is far from the first-level of ordinary human beings.

Here is a sea of ​​flowers, abundant energy overflowing everywhere, and the fragrance of birds and flowers, quite a sense of sight of a fairyland on earth.

"Where is the source of the breath?"

Xiao Yan looked around, but did not sense any power, and frowned.

"Sir, over here."

After Jiuxin finished speaking, he ran directly to the hill in the sea of ​​flowers, and walked along the side road, very eager.

"It's really troublesome... But I have to say that female elves are really beautiful."

Xiao Yan straddled Aisha around his waist, then his speed skyrocketed and followed.

In the distance of the sea of ​​flowers.

"Damn it..."

"You guys from the western tribe are so despicable!"

Three elf men stand here, and they surround an elf man in the center, forming a situation of many enemies and few enemies. The violent energy fluctuations on their bodies make the **** aura in this sea of ​​flowers particularly dignified.

"Okay, let's save all this nonsense when I go back to see Her Royal Highness Princess Alice."

The leader took a step forward, and the majestic force tilted down like a galaxy, trying to bind the elf man who fell on the ground.

The three elites, each of whom has a good aura, all have the perfect strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, and even the strength of the leader has reached the rare reincarnation level. With such a terrifying lineup, I am afraid that this kind of fire elf superpower can do it. Take the shot.

The besieged elf man's face was pale, blood was constantly spilling from the corners of his mouth, and his eyes were filled with endless anger as he stared at the three of them.

"You worms of the western tribe!"

"What do you know!"

"Master Xiao Yi is not only talented, but also bears the imprint of the holy flame of reincarnation. He is the real heir!"

"Although the other two princesses have royal blood, they are far worse than Lord Xiao Yi!"

The miserable elf man's complexion was twisted and then roared, the dazzling energy all over his body began to shake, and it seemed that a big trick was about to be used.

"Hey-hey."

"Your strength is indeed the reincarnation level, but the combined strength of the three of us is enough to deal with the real first-level reincarnation level."

"So... let's capture it!"

Above the four bodies, a dazzling silver light suddenly appeared, and immediately completely suppressed the movement of the injured elf man.

"Puff."

The elf man was jointly suppressed by the three, and his breath fell into depression immediately, and his eyes were full of turbidity and unwillingness.

"Lord Xiao Yan, this is the bodyguard next to Lord Xiao Yi, Xi Mo!"

"The reincarnation-level strength is the personal guard that Mr. Yi trusts very much. If even he is captured, I am afraid that the guys from the Western Tribe have launched a general attack on us, and Mr. Yi's situation is in jeopardy!"

Immediately, Jiuxin's expression became vigilant at the same time.

"Next!"

Xiao Yan gently handed Aisha to Jiuxin, and immediately his body turned into a black shadow, which emerged directly into the sea of ​​flowers in the distance.

The Lord of Fire Guard and the dazzling soul power made Xiao Yan like a ghost, quietly avoiding the detection of the three, and surrounding the injured man.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: