Chapter Vol 4 1461: Demonic python!

"Boom!" In just a few breaths, tens of thousands of contestants were teleported through the gate of space and successfully entered the Demon Prison of Poison Temple Town.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and the others lightly landed on the ground.

"Xuuuu!" The overwhelming evil aura, like a tide, shrank back and forth in this space at an astonishing speed, making people shudder.

"This...is this the Poison Suppressing Demon Prison?" Xiao Yan had just arrived in this space, and after sensing the overwhelming evil aura, even breathing became more difficult.

Looking around, in this Demon Suppression Prison, it turned out to be a huge space that seemed like a dead silence. The space was boundless as far as the eye could see. Even Xiao Yan's soul power could not detect the edge.

However, on the deep pits that can be seen everywhere or on the ditch, there are many bones and some broken weapons, which renders the atmosphere of this town devil's prison to the extreme.

The deadly silence, coupled with the evil corpses that can be seen everywhere, makes this Demon Suppression Prison shrouded in darkness all day long.

Moreover, the line of sight can easily penetrate the evil aura, and you can vaguely see that, around those white bones, a trace of black energy of strange power, like shackles, completely connects the white bones and the bones of their fallen powerhouses. , and those chains are all full of evil power or holy and tyrannical breath.

"Big brother... They seem to..." The next moment, when Xiao Yan finished looking around, Xiao Gui frowned and said to Xiao Yan, obviously there are only the two of them here, as for the two of them. The other people who entered the Demon Suppression Prison together disappeared without a trace.

"It seems to be separated... The transmission of the door of space is random." Xiao Yan glanced at it and found that within a hundred meters, there were only two of them, and he immediately shook his head.

"Big brother, where are we going now?" Xiao Gui naturally trusts Xiao Yan very much, so he also focuses on Xiao Yan.

"There... I'm afraid that's the center of the Demon Suppression Prison..." Xiao Yan's gaze, piercing the boundless evil energy, suddenly stared at that, in the endless space of the Demon Suppression Prison, there seemed to be a rather vague and magnificent palace, slowly Slowly floating in the air in the center of the town magic prison.

The whole body of the magnificent palace is filled with countless tyrannical coercive seals, even dazzling lines with the coercion of heaven and earth, wrapping it tightly, you don't need to think about it, the seal there is impressively the most powerful in the Suppression Prison. The strong, the Demon Empress of Poison Braces.

"Let's look around first to find out the situation here, and then go look for them." Xiao Yan looked around and said immediately.

The evil winds of "Sisi" continued to emerge, causing the two of them to sink. Obviously, this level of evil aura was quite threatening to Sanxing Douxian.

"In this Demon Suppression Prison, there is an aura of evil everywhere. Although there are many strong men from the Great Thousand Worlds who have fallen in the Demon Suppressing Prison, I am afraid that their relics are not so easy to find... I can only look around." Xiao Yan looked at this huge space, and immediately shook his head, and then he could only focus on the dry forest where the two were.

The place where the two of them are currently is a rather barren forest, but in this forest, there is no vitality or even green at all, and there is only the boundless and monstrous evil atmosphere.

"Weng Om!" The next moment, the two of them were just about to walk, but on the withered branches, a peculiar black qi slowly spread out, and the black qi contained a rather tyrannical evil spirit. force.

"嘁偁嘁!" In an instant, hundreds of black qi suddenly condensed together, and immediately formed a devilish giant python composed of black qi!

The whole body of the devilish giant python is a hundred feet in size, and its whole body is covered with black evil power, but at the pupil, a trace of seductive blood-colored luster reflects a monstrous evil power.

"Xiao Gui, you stay here, be careful." Xiao Yan looked at the giant python with demonic energy in front of him, and immediately felt an unprecedented threat, and immediately burst into flames and walked over to it.

"Hey!" In an instant, as Xiao Yan approached the demonic python, the demonic python immediately left the branch, and then hovered in mid-air, with its snake pupils staring at Xiao Yan.

Although the demonic python did not have any intelligence at this time, it was just a machine that only knew how to kill, but when he saw the rising flames above Xiao Yan's body, he couldn't help but be vigilant.

"Crash!" Xiao Yan also seemed to have sensed the demonic python's actions, and immediately opened his mouth, suppressing the fluctuations of the holy flame in his body.

The strength of this devilish python is comparable to that of a human being in the early stage of the three-star battle of immortals, and the power is even more terrifying when he is in the devil prison, but even so, Xiao Yan does not need to use holy flame. After all, Xiao Yan is now Yan, it is more than enough to deal with this kind of guy, and using holy flame may attract more powerful evil.

"Sisi!" After a moment of vigilance, the demonic python also relaxed its vigilance, and then twisted its huge body wrapped in demonic energy, opened its **** mouth, and roared towards Xiao Yan.

"Tear it off!" A terrifying roar filled with shocking energy just filled the air, and suddenly the **** mouth of the devilish giant python came to Xiao Yan head-on.

"Dragon God's first transformation!"

"Dou Qi!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan calmly called out softly, and instantly a very dim golden luster appeared on the body . With the blessing of the first transformation of the Dragon God, The strength of the body has become a higher level, and the next moment, the fighting core flame fighting qi in the body is emerging.

"Pfft!" With a sound, Xiao Yan raised his hands suddenly, and immediately grabbed the head of that fierce devilish giant python!

"Weng Om!" How could the devilish python know that Xiao Yan was so tyrannical, relying on the blessing of the first transformation of the Dragon God and the suppression of the evil power by flame fighting qi, he directly confronted him.

"Crash!" At that time, the body of the demonic python suddenly twisted, trying to break free from Xiao Yan's restraint.

"Big Heavenly Seed!"

"Red Flame Sea of ​​Fire!" Naturally, Xiao Yan would not give the demonic python such a chance, and immediately shouted, a bright voice filled with blood-colored flames, and suddenly diffused from its body, and then with the help of Xiao Yan's palm, he instantly sent the demon out of his body. The gas giant python was completely restrained.

"Hoohoho!" Being enveloped in such flames by Xiao Yan, the devilish giant python suddenly ran away as if it was under a fatal threat.

"go to hell……"

"Oh..." The next moment, just as Xiao Yan was about to kill, he noticed the strange chains in the body of the demonic python, which seemed to be connected to the depths of the forest, and he immediately laughed.

"Go, follow it." Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

Just when the demonic python was dying, the chain emerged, Xiao Yan noticed something else, the reason why this demonic python was so weak was because there was a bigger fish behind it, and that guy, more than The demonic python was more powerful, but it was enough to give Xiao Yan a lot of points.