Chapter 627: Funny way to get over the robbery!

In the dense formation, there is Xiao Yan's enormous spiritual power.

It's just that the Jie Ling, whose strength has been reduced by Mu Yingying's mysterious power, roared, obviously Mu Yingying's actions really angered it!

"I didn't expect that the mysterious power absorbed in this Xuanling Emperor Pond would have the terrifying effect of suppressing the robbery."

"If the strength of this robbery spirit reaches the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, then for me, I am afraid that it is a great threat, and even I can only use that power, but that power will always eat away at my will..."

"Although the robbery of the Six-Star Dou Emperor's initial stage is not a small threat, it will be enough to pass the time when it returns to its peak!" Mu Yingying thought to herself.

"Hoohoho!" Jie Ling made a deafening voice, and then the power of lightning that had been dimmed by the golden energy all over his body emerged, but this power of lightning was obviously not as tyrannical as before!

"Shabu Shabu!" Jie Ling's speed is extremely fast, like a human being with hands and feet, but its body is too large.

The figure moved, and the fist in his hand held the sky-shattering thunderbolt, and suddenly photographed it at Mu Yingying!

"Humph!" Mu Yingying let out a coquettish anger, and then her figure flashed, easily dodging the seemingly terrifying blow of Jie Ling!

Jie Ling's wisdom is not low. Seeing Mu Yingying dodging a blow from her, she did not flinch immediately, and attacked Mu Yingying with all her strength!

This time, Jie Ling seemed to have learned to be smart, and did not attack directly, and clenched his fists with both hands, and then the power of lightning in his body continued to spread, and finally, it slowly condensed into a lightning ball in front of his chest!

Above the lightning ball, the lightning circled around, and there were some small electric currents flickering constantly. Although this electric current was small, it made Mu Yingying feel a tingling feeling in her scalp.

"The power of thunder of this robbery is different from the power of ordinary thunder and lightning. It actually contains the power of destruction. If it is hit by this lightning ball, I am afraid that it will be seriously injured in an instant!" Mu Yingying was also not feeling well.

Although the strength of the robbery spirit was forcibly suppressed to the early stage of the six-star Dou Emperor by virtue of the golden energy, but Mu Yingying herself was only a five-star Dou Emperor, and the robbery spirit radiated the sky-shattering thunder and lightning invisibly, Mu Yingying had no choice but to take precautions.

"Go!" Jie Ling spit out a slow cry, and then the destructive lightning ball on his chest suddenly whistled away at Mu Yingying!

The lightning ball swept across the sky without any trace of energy or fluctuation, but it was this situation that moved Xiao Yan.

"Tsk tsk, the power of this lightning ball, even I have to use all my strength, otherwise, if I accidentally get contaminated with the destructive power of this lightning power, I will have to drag a layer of skin if I die." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Hehe, don't underestimate every owner of the holy flame." Xinyan doesn't seem to care about whether Mu Yingying succeeds or not, because in his words, Mu Yingying's success is only a matter of time. Because of the holy flame!

And only Xinyan, the spirit of holy flame, knows the true power of holy flame!

The true power of Sheng Yan, even the current Xiao Yan, cannot be fully exerted. If he wants to completely unleash the power of the Fire Heart Tianyan Shengyan, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's strength must at least reach the Nine Star Dou Emperor!

"Look, this woman should use the pure power of holy flame." The next moment, the lightning ball was about to hit Mu Yingying, and then Xinyan spoke slowly.

"I originally thought that he could help, but now it seems that the robbery spirit transformed by these eight-color thunderclouds does not seem to be so terrifying..." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, a charming and dangerous arc radiated from the corner of her mouth, and then the pupils , directly burst out a shocking cold glow!

At this moment, in Mu Yingying's eyes, there were azure blue ginseng and a trace of demonic flames, which looked quite strange!

"ice……"

"Frozen!" A cold snort came from under Mu Yingying's red lips instantly!

As Mu Yingying's majestic voice came out, the lightning ball that had come a few meters in front of Mu Yingying suddenly stopped suddenly, and then a bright blue flame burst from its holy flame in front of Mu Yingying's chest. Emerging from the crystal!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although this flame is extremely small, when the azure blue holy flame just appeared, Xiao Yan felt that deep inside his body, not only the new flames that had merged with his twenty-three different fires, but also the Fire Heart Tianyan The holy flame crystals all exude an aura of worship!

"Shabu Shabu!" As soon as Mu Yingying finished speaking, a circle of blue flames suddenly spread out from under her feet like ripples!

Wherever the terrifying flames passed, the space was filled with bursts of ice strands, and even the lightning ball containing the power of destruction in front of it was instantly frozen and lost its vitality.

"!!!" Jie Ling also noticed that Mu Yingying seemed to have changed her appearance. Even the breath was not right, and she immediately shook violently, and then her body turned into a dazzling power of lightning, facing Mu Yingying suddenly. And go!

The mental intelligence of this Jie Ling is obviously very high, so at this moment, Jie Ling already understands that the flame on the woman in front of him is not simple, and his own power of thunder and lightning can't cause any damage to her, so he has to compress himself suddenly, Immediately blew himself up, trying to kill this woman with the terrifying destructive power of that self-destruction!

"A mere robbery spirit is also worthy of this king..." Mu Yingying exuded azure blue pupils, and her body was like an iceberg, refusing to be thousands of miles away, and she said viciously and disdainfully.

Just after Mu Yingying finished speaking, the self-exploding energy generated by the self-exploding robbery spirit was frozen in ice, and then dissipated into bursts of powder!

The danger is lifted, the next moment, Mu Yingying's palm directly put the holy flame crystal in her hand into her body!

"Cough, cough..." Sheng Yanjing had just entered the body, and Mu Yingying's pupils suddenly returned to a deep black, and even the breath weakened slightly.

"Strange, what secrets does this Mu Yingying hold..."

"The azure pupils just now shocked my soul. This is something I have never heard of before."

"Also, the power of the six-star Dou Di's initial robbery spirit's self-exploding power was instantly destroyed. It's strange." Xiao Yan stood aside From beginning to end, she was quite helpless about this Mu Yingying transcending the tribulation!

Since this Mu Yingying has such a powerful force, why did she still come to this Burning Incense Pavilion?

Is it a bit unreasonable?

Moreover, Mu Yingying with azure blue pupils and Mu Yingying with deep black pupils are clearly two people!

This is the question in Xiao Yan's heart.

"It seems that this woman has more secrets than I thought..." Xiao Yan said slowly, the Spirit of Holy Flame in Xiao Yan's body, and then he kept his mouth shut.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan saw that Mu Yingying had successfully crossed the robbery, and immediately ran over to ask.

"I'm fine..." Mu Yingying sat cross-legged on the ground weakly, and then coughed violently a few times, obviously the state of her body was quite bad.

"Take it." Xiao Yan didn't want to waste time here, and handed Mu Yingying some medicinal herbs.

"The azure pupils just now are actually..." Mu Yingying took Xiao Yan's medicinal pill and ate it directly, and then her internal condition improved a little.

"Although I don't know what it is, it's better to use it sparingly. I always feel that it's not a good thing." Xiao Yan naturally didn't explore other people's secret hobbies, so he said.

"Yep."

"Let's go."

"The team competition has already started." After speaking, Mu Yingying stood up as if nothing had happened, and ran Wei Wei like a falling fairy facing Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!