Chapter 369: The Golden Dragon King's plan!

"Success?" The woman also slightly exuded an air of extreme joy, and then asked.

"His grandma's..." Xiao Yan sat down on his butt, and then gasped heavily, apparently also in shock.

At the last moment just now, Xiao Yan clearly felt that above the palm, an irresistible force came out of nowhere, and it was about to tear the palm of the black Xiao Yan!

But it was at that moment, the moment the stick appeared, with the stick in the palm, and then abruptly moved towards the Origin of Life Stone!

This time, it was much easier. When the palm of the hand touched the source of life stone, it seemed to be trying to penetrate it!

But at the next moment, a gentle force emanated from the palm of the hand, and then there was a slight movement in the source of life stone, and the palm took the source of life stone away, along with the mysterious round object, and the The wooden stick also replaced the position of the source of life.

But one thing is fortunate that the terrifying plants on the ground were also blocked by his master, the Golden Dragon King, when they were about to attack his palm. Otherwise, Xiao Yan would not be so smooth!

However, although this seems very simple, the level of complexity in it, I am afraid that Xiao Yan thinks about it now, but he has enough energy.

After all, Black Xiao Yan is also a clone of his soul power. If he loses a palm, his soul power will also be greatly damaged. If he attacks Xiao Yan at that time, it will probably cause considerable trouble.

But luckily that didn't happen.

Xiao Yan is also quite fortunate for one thing, then he is also quite handy with the use of the handprints in this space.

"It's fine." The Golden Dragon King also walked up quickly, then circled around Xiao Yan and said with satisfaction after finding that there was nothing missing.

This Xiao Yan's courage is still his mind, and the Golden Dragon King appreciates it.

This small action of the Golden Dragon King, his master, is also warm in Xiao Yan's eyes. After all, the source of life is also an extremely important thing for the Golden Dragon King. Now the Golden Dragon King does not see life at first sight. Originium, but to check Xiao Yan's body for any injuries.

"Thank you very much." White Xiao Yan also said slowly to black Xiao Yan. Obviously, in the situation just now, it was also the strength that the two of them showed together, and it was immediately said.

"You and I were originally one, so why should I thank you for this?" Black Xiao Yan also smiled casually, and the next moment, without waiting for White Xiao Yan to speak, he suddenly turned into a force and returned to his soul. within the sea.

"Fortunately not to be humiliated." The next moment, Xiao Yan also said to the woman.

"I was the one who miscalculated before. I didn't expect this place to be so terrifying. Otherwise, I wouldn't let you risk your life." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

"Master, don't worry, I have my own measure." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also slowly raised his palm.

At this time, a rather exquisite stone also appeared on Xiao Yan's palm.

Along with the appearance of the stone, there is a round thing like a bucket attached to the stone.

"This is the Origin of Life Stone." The Golden Dragon King also looked away, then stared at the Origin of Life Stone in Xiao Yan's hand, and muttered.

"Don't forget to promise me." The remaining power in the immortal sword was also aware of the situation in front of him, and without speaking, it turned into a beam of light and returned to the immortal sword.

The battle just now consumed a lot of her strength, so she simply did not fight Xiao Yan and the others. After all, she could not fight if she wanted to...

"Master, do you really want to give some of the power to this fairy sword..." Xiao Yan also saw that the woman returned to the fairy sword, and then whispered.

"That's natural. That fairy sword is a rare treasure. If it wasn't a semi-finished product, I'm afraid it would be very valuable." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"And don't worry, the function of this source of life stone is not just as simple as refining weapons."

"A weapon tempered with this Origin of Life Stone will also have some attributes of this Origin of Life Stone on the weapon."

"So if this immortal sword is tempered in the future, it will be a huge help." Jin Long also smiled at the immortal sword immortal after he finished speaking.

"Master, what exactly is this source of life stone?" The next moment, Xiao Yan was also puzzled.

"This is exactly what I want to tell you." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, there was a lot of vicissitudes in his voice.

"Master, you..." Xiao Yan also discovered some of the Golden Dragon King's emotions, and immediately asked.

"I'm fine, I just remembered some bad things."

"But I am also very at ease with you. I'm afraid that old fellow Tuo Tuo's eyesight has to be admired even by me." The Golden Dragon King also had a bit of fog in his pupils.

After Xiao Yan felt it, he was greatly surprised in his heart!

This Golden Dragon King is extremely arrogant. To allow such an arrogant Golden Dragon King to treat Tuo She like this, it only means that the two of them can be called life and death!

"Hey, I'm wrong, let's talk about business." The Golden Dragon King also found that he was emotional, he coughed a few words, and then said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This source of life stone is a stone with enormous vitality. This kind of vitality seems too slim to you now, but I believe you will know the secret in the future."

"The biggest function of this source of life stone is the power of life You know, when I was controlled and sealed by those foreign evil races, I lost a lot of my original power, even my vitality."

"And this source of life stone is also a great supplement."

"With it, I can also return to the peak state of my soul power!" The Golden Dragon King's voice also became stronger.

"This thing..."

"It's so terrifying!" You don't need to ask Xiao Yan to know that this source of life stone is also a great supplement to his master, the Golden Dragon King!

Once his master, the Golden Dragon King, has recovered to the pinnacle of his soul power, with time, after he has obtained a holy flame, he will condense his body for it, which is also a real rebirth!

"Maybe from today, I will have to retreat."

"Because I felt some familiar aura, I had to make some preparations in advance." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly.

"Master, don't worry, the disciple will surely condense a body for you when you are out of the gate!" Xiao Yan also said.

"I don't doubt that you are this kid's potential. I just think that in the days when you're not around, you also need to practice hard. If you're lazy, I can't spare you." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

"The disciple takes orders!" Xiao Yan also said, although his master Jinlong King said so, but Xiao Yan could also feel the concern from the bottom of his heart from that smile.

Just as Yao Lao cared about him on the Dou Qi Continent back then.

Ask for tickets!