Chapter Vol 4 1602: disturb!

"Boom!" In an instant, with the fall of the two, the realm of darkness also slowly disappeared, revealing the destroyed green mountain peaks like flat ground.

In the past, the Qingshan Peak was extremely prosperous, and there were many Qingyun Pavilion disciples, but with the attack of Xiao Yan this time, this place became a desolate mountain range, and the Qingyun Pavilion, Ling Yu and others were even more broken in his hands. .

"Let's go... The rest, I'll leave the rest to those old guys." After Shun Qi, the Soul Eater returned to Xiao Yan's body and said.

"Will the fluctuation of that level just now be discovered by the great masters in the Earth Spirit Academy?" After a while, Xiao Yan also looked into the distance and spoke slowly.

"The Realm of Darkness is the proud work of Demon Emperor Siye, so unless you are a strong person like the Lord of Souls, it is not easy to be discovered. Don't worry." Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Xiao Gui's breath..." After a slight pause in mid-air, Xiao Yan headed towards the water prison on the top of the mountain.

"Big... Big brother." On the top of the mountain, the pale Xiao Gui was carefully supported by Luo Menglan.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively. Obviously, based on Xiao Yan's understanding of Xiao Gui, the arrest of Xiao Gui must have something to do with Luo Menglan, but it doesn't matter now, after all, Luo Menglan's beautiful eyes are full of traces. With a hint of heartache, the eyes of Xiao Gui have also changed. Now that Ling Yu is dead, the relationship between the two of them has become justifiable.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Since there is nothing to do, let's go, and leave the rest to others." Luo Menglan looked at the barren mountain in the air, and waves of terrifying fluctuations appeared, as if some terrifying guy was about to emerge.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, the speed of the three of them skyrocketed and they were ready to leave here easily.

"Since you have done such a crazy thing, then stay, and when the matter is investigated, you will naturally be given justice!" Just as Xiao Yan and the three were shaking their bodies and preparing to leave here, the endless void in the middle of the barren mountain suddenly appeared. It was filled with extremely terrifying fluctuations, and after a while, it turned into a giant hand of nothingness, directly slaughtering Xiao Yan and the others.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the wave of death appeared in his heart. The holy flame and the clan mark slowly brewed, and once there was a change, it would be displayed immediately.

"Bang bang bang!" In an instant, just when the giant hand of nothingness was about to attack Xiao Yan and the three of them, a big tree in the sky rose from the barren mountain below, and the strong breath of life directly sent that terrifying Attacks are easily resisted.

"Who?" In the void space, there was a cold snort, obviously extremely angry.

"The three headmasters of the dignified and dignified courtyard will actually bend over to attack a junior, and are not afraid of losing your face?" After a while, two strange figures suddenly appeared above the lush ancient tree.

"Rozamu?"

"Earth spirit old ghost?" Seeing the appearance of these two people, an old man appeared slowly in the endless void.

"Ling Feng..." Looking at the man in brocade clothes standing quietly in the void, Di Ling looked at the two with a solemn expression.

"The sect competition is inherently unavoidable, and Zhangjiao's move is a bit too much." After a while, Luo Zamu snorted coldly, but the tyrannical fluctuations on Ling Feng's body, like the seven-star fighting immortal level, were still the same. Make yourself quite exhausted.

"Old Ghost of Earth Spirit, I promised you not to get involved in the Acacia tree before, but I didn't promise you not to interfere in the affairs of the Zhongyu sect." Ling Feng also snorted coldly.

"Sect Master Ling, as far as I know, your son seems to be very wrong in recent years, and he is so reckless. I don't know if the headmaster knows about this?" After Shunxi, the old ghost of the earth spirit stopped Luo Zhamu and asked.

"How do you know?" Ling Feng immediately frowned upon hearing this. Obviously, Ling Yu's situation has been wrong in recent years.

"I don't know much about Ling Yu, but this guy seems to have an affair with a foreigner." After a while, the old ghost of the earth spirit let out a gloomy sneer.

"Impossible!" Ling Feng heard this, his face full of disbelief.

The foreign evil clan is the common enemy of the entire Great Thousand World and even the powerhouses of the seven realms. If Ling Yu has an affair with the foreign evil clan, even if he is the headmaster of the terrestrial academy, he may not be able to escape.

"If the matter is true or false, please go back to Ling Yu's residence to find out." The old ghost of Earth Spirit said.

"Let's not talk about Ling Yu, I have to take this Xiao Yan back. Throughout the ages, no one has been able to escape the laws of our Earth Spirit Academy..."

"Destroying a sect with one's own power is a capital crime in our courtyard." After a few breaths, Ling Feng looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"Huhu... Still can't escape?" Xiao Yan heard the words, but he didn't struggle too much. If things really reached the last step, then even if it was a crisis of serious injury, Ling Feng would definitely be hurt.

"The rules are indeed true, but the rules can be changed." The next moment, the old ghost of Earth Spirit laughed.

"Bold, both of you, as headmasters, dare to say such disrespectful things. When I meet the Lord, I will definitely impeach you!" Ling Feng was furious when he heard this!

The laws and regulations under Li Soul Territory were formulated a long time ago, and now Xiao Yan directly ignores the laws and regulations and destroys them.

"The two of them are right, the laws and regulations in this spiritual courtyard can indeed vary from person to person and the next moment, looking at Ling Feng in a state of rage, the person in front of Ling Feng The void squirmed slightly, and a middle-aged man smiled.

"Spiritual Court Master... Ling Yuanzi?" Suddenly, with the appearance of this seemingly ordinary middle-aged man, Ling Feng's face turned completely gloomy.

The strength of the head of the Lingyuan is very close to the level of the eight-star fighting immortal. Even the strength of the head of the earth is not much different from it. It has an important position in the courtyard.

"This time, let's end it like this..."

"Ling Yu's matter, you should go back and investigate it yourself, and you should be clear."

"I originally wanted to use this guy to call out the culprit of 'sin', but I didn't expect to be pulled out by this little family, which is really a misstep." Ling Yuanzi said with a slight smile in his eyes, and it was this understatement. , but it makes this world have a feeling that the world is eclipsed.

"Alas..." Ling Feng heard the words, the fierce momentum suddenly collapsed, and then slowly disappeared.

"Little guy, you did a great job."

"After you can go back to settle down, you two, bring him over to find me." As soon as the voice fell, the powerful man who was close to the peak of heaven and earth slowly disappeared, and the void regained its calm.

"Is this the powerhouse at the peak of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals... That fluctuation..." Xiao Yan looked at the Ling Yuanzi disappearing in front of him, and a familiar wave seemed to emerge. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/