Chapter Vol 4 2019: The afterimage of the meeting of kings?

"Dong dong dong!" The blood-colored demon baby was just thrown into the explosion center of Senluo Hell, and suddenly bursts of harsh voices sounded.

"It's not enough, give it to me!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw the five holy flame crystals separated from his body, and immediately threw the five holy flame origins directly into the center of the explosion.

All the evil energy here must be completely purified, and the power of the Demon Infant and Blood King Mo must be completely smashed, otherwise it will be extremely troublesome for them to make a comeback in the future.

"Bang bang bang!" In an instant, the strangely arranged eight golems shattered at the same time, and the last power of the blood king ink of the Sky Demon Infant was completely turned into dust and disappeared here.

"Crash!" The power of many strong men had just been extinguished, and in the endless dark void of the sky, a crystal door of light slowly emerged.

The crystal door of light descended here as if it had stepped through the shackles of many spaces. An unprecedented terrifying force suppressed Xiao Yan, and above the door of light, there were faint black fine lines adorning it extremely gloomy.

It seems that the door of light is like a Pandora's box containing evil people. It is very charming, and the power contained in it has subverted Xiao Yan's cognition!

"What is this?" Seeing that the crisis around him was resolved, Xiao Yan couldn't help but look at the crystal door of light, but with Xiao Yan's strength he was unable to detect the slightest, and even the backlash made Xiao Yan quite uncomfortable. , I can only wonder for a while.

"Squeak." With a sound, the crystal light door opened automatically, and a scene of afterimages like a memory corridor slowly appeared in the sky.

"This is?"

"The meeting of the kings of the evil tribes outside the territory?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank violently, and he carefully looked at the afterimage above the sky, and several huge handwritings appeared.

In the afterimage of the sky, it is the afterimage of the meeting of the kings of the evil race outside the territory. It is obviously that the blood king Mo has participated in the meeting of the kings before, but all the information about the meeting has been sealed in the depths of his memory, and now with him The fall, this memory is naturally released automatically.

"Xuuuu." It was an extremely dim earth. Countless evil lights flickered on the earth, as numerous as stars. All of them exuded a sinister and sinister aura, and even had a lot of aura. Xiao Yan looked at it and saw that there was a A feeling of numbness in the scalp.

too strong!

Among those strengths and numbers, there are many strong men in the samsara!

And on this barren and dark land, somewhere **** and evil abyss stood out. The abyss was like a spiraling vortex. At a glance, countless light spots flickered. The density was even Xiao Yan's. All felt heart palpitations.

"128?" Xiao Yan counted it carefully, and found that there are 128 stars in total. Combining the information he just sensed, he said solemnly.

"Among the extraterritorial evil races, there are 128 strong people above the king rank?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but click his tongue in surprise.

"Since it's all here, let's start." After the sigh, the 128 light groups surrounded by evil aura became quiet at the same time, and the first few light groups at the bottom of the vortex made a sound at the same time.

The voice was indifferent, but it gave Xiao Yan a strong tremor. That kind of oppression was more tyrannical than any previous force!

These guys did not show their true faces, but the representatives of the light groups wrapped in their evil aura seemed to be just a trace of evil sources gathered together for a meeting.

"My esteemed evil gods, now that our army of evil tribes from outside the territory has assembled, we can attack the Great Thousand World." Some evil groups behind the vortex abyss said with a respectful voice.

"Well... it's been a long time since the first World War, and the overall strength of our alien race has almost recovered."

"It's time." A few unusually bright evil groups at the bottom spoke, with awe-inspiring evil spirits, and the evil spirits surged out into the sky.

"This time we are prepared, and we will definitely succeed in capturing countless territories in the Great Thousand World."

"But now, the entire Great Thousand World is in crisis.

"The demon emperor of the demon world has been broken, and his strength is advancing by leaps and bounds. Several kings in the two demon-suppressing prisons have been completely beheaded by them." Several evil gods at the bottom flickered and whispered, monstrous killing intent and Anger is evident.

"Kacha!" For a while, a trace of anger emerged from the entire space.

"Apart from that, in the Buddha world, the ghost world, the demon world, and the demon world, human powerhouses are also emerging one after another." After a while, the evil king who was in charge of intelligence continued.

"Tell me all the information." The first few evil gods also said.

"Now the human world is the most difficult to deal with. A strong man named Lin Dong stepped into Samsara, built his own martial arts, and resisted the pace of our army's attack."

"And the Palace of the West Heaven, the emperor of a hundred battles in the mouths of mankind, has unrivaled fighting power, and has successively destroyed many troops and kings of our foreign evil tribes. I am afraid that it will not be able to successfully break through from here."

"The hill of the Northern Wilderness, the land of ten thousand tombs, the undead Lord suppresses the heavens and the earth, forming natural dangers to block our army."

"The demon emperor of the demon world is also forming a force, eyeing and guarding the cracks in the demon world, so that we can be attacked from the back."

"The strong people in the center of the human world even sent strong people to strictly guard the cracks in the planes in the respective realms of the seven worlds..." One after another, the information about the giant-like characters in the thousands of worlds was lined up one by one. come out.

"I know."

"However, the Nine-eyed Evil God has already brought the army of alien demons to the lower realm quietly, trying to obliterate the so-called Lin Dong."

"As for other places, keep the troops on hold."

"The Martial Realm is the easiest place for us to enter the Great Thousand World, where the guards are the weakest. Once the Nine-eyed Heretic God succeeds, our army will overwhelm the realm, and the second World War will break out!"

"Get ready, when the real feast comes, my emperor will definitely not treat you badly." The evil **** said with a mighty voice.

"En." After the vortex below, the kings heard the words The light group flickered, and the scorching heat could no longer be stopped.

"In addition, we can start to investigate the detailed information in the Great Thousand Worlds, and rescue the several evil gods who have been suppressed and sealed. At that time, our chances of winning are even greater." The first few evil gods said.

"By the way, Lord Heretic God, on the Dou Di Continent of the Human World, it seems that a trace of a descendant of the Xiao Clan has been discovered, and there is a lot of information indicating that the destruction of several small and medium races, including the Blood Demon Clan, is all related to him. Do you think..." Some suspicious voices sounded.

"Douyun Continent..."

"Blood King Mo and Xie Charm Scholar are not in the ancient world, let them do it."

"In addition, send people to inquire more. In the second world war, we can only win and not lose!!!" The majestic voice was like the sound of nature, shaking the hearts of countless evil groups.

That kind of power transcends reincarnation, but has reached the real supreme state!

"Daqian World, there were countless geniuses who were desperately protecting you last time, but this time, I see how you can resist our monstrous offensive."

"Wait, sooner or later, we will capture this fertile territory."

"..." The voice reverberated for a long time, but that immediate aura was far beyond all things, it was truly above all things in the world.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: