Chapter Vol 4 1407: Douyun Continent, Xun'er!

(Disclaimer: This chapter is based on the timeline of Xun’er leaving the ancient clan to find Xiao Yan, which is different from the current timeline in the ghost world.)

Far away, there is a piece of land called Dou Di Continent.

The Dou Di Continent is an extremely fertile land in the human world, but compared with the ghost world, it is undoubtedly much weaker.

The Dou Di Continent was divided into four continents according to the overall area.

The northern part of Doudi Continent, called Tianxing Continent, is where the Immortal Saint Flame, which is related to the Immortal Golden Body in Xiao Yan's body, stands.

The southern part of Doudi Continent, called Haohai Continent, is a special country floating on the water, but its strength is surprisingly tyrannical.

The western part of Dou Di Continent, called Xuanling Continent, was where Xiao Yan first came to Dou Di Continent. Xuan Tiantian and Cailin lived here.

The eastern part of Dou Di Continent is the core of the entire Dou Di Sifang Continent, Douyun Continent.

The Douyun Continent is full of geniuses, and it is where the real powerhouses of the Dou Di Sifang Continent gather. Even the eight ancient races, the Holy See and many other powers live here.

At this time, on Douyun Continent, quite strange things were happening.

"Miss Xun'er..."

"Our figure seems to have been discovered..." The two Qianying moved quickly in a forest. Looking at their appearance, they seemed to be avoiding something, but after a while, one of the women said.

"Since we left the ancient clan, we have vaguely found that someone is following us, but we have never been able to confirm the whereabouts."

"Sister Gu Qing... Are these guys the enemy?" When Qian Ying heard this, her eyes were slightly wrinkled, obviously a little angry.

The three thousand blue silks of this beautiful figure fell down, and the flawless white face was like a fairy who does not eat the fireworks of the world.

And this beautiful figure is not the Xun'er that Xiao Yan was thinking about, who else could it be?

"It should be a guy from the Holy See..." After a while, Gu Qing said in a deep voice, but his voice was full of helplessness.

Although his strength is tyrannical, it is only at the level of the Nine Star Dou Di, and the powerhouses of the Dou Xian level are restricted because of the seven major forces in the ancient clan fighting openly and secretly, but the opponents dispatched by the Holy See will only be stronger than themselves.

"Miss Xun'er, if there is a problem in a while, you can go first." Gu Qingdai moved slightly, and then thought that the golden emperor's burning flame on Xun'er's body is the key to opening the ancient family's inheritance of holy flame, so no matter what , Gu Qing will not let Xun'er suffer any harm.

"Damn..." Xun'er heard that, a rare killing intent emerged in her heart. It was obvious that Xun'er had always been obedient in the ancient clan, but it was all to prove her efforts with her master Peerless Heavenly Emperor.

Now that his goal has been achieved, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor also gave himself a short vacation and agreed to find brother Xiao Yan, but he was secretly blocked by the **** Holy See, and immediately burst out in anger.

"If they really made a mistake about me, they will regret it in the future..."

"Even if there is an angel family behind them!" Suddenly, a golden flame suddenly appeared in Xun'er's eyes, but when the golden flame emerged, even the whole body collapsed. Obviously, the flame at this time has already It is no longer the power of the strange fire on the Dou Qi Continent, as if some mysterious power is mixed in it.

This level of flame is definitely not comparable to the different fire.

"Shhhhh."

"Hurry up!"

"Be careful!" At this time, outside the forest, one after another, dressed in black clothes, the stern figures that covered themselves kept emerging, completely encircling the entire forest.

"Tsing Yi cultivator, we have completely surrounded the entire forest according to your instructions. The two women inside are difficult to fly even with their wings attached." A man in white came towards him, with a serious tone, slowly Open your mouth.

"Cultivator in white, I've worked hard for you. After this incident, I won't be able to treat you badly." The man in blue smiled slowly and spoke to the man in white in front of him.

From the few people headed by these guys, it is not difficult to see that they are members of the Holy See.

The clothes of the Holy See and horses are uniform throughout the Dou Di Continent, and their internal rank is very obvious.

The most humble believers go to the further monks, and the monks are divided into three levels: blue, white, and black.

The dozens of black-clothed cultivators in front of them ranged in strength from the seven-star to eight-star Dou Di, but the white-clothed cultivator's strength was abruptly reaching the nine-star Dou Di, and even the strongest blue-clothed cultivator, whose strength was a fusion of life and death. , reached the rare level of half-immortal!

With such a terrifying lineup, I am afraid that in the face of Xun'er, who is only five-star Dou Emperor, and Gu Qing, who is only nine-star Dou Emperor, it is clear at a glance who wins and who loses.

"The people inside are listening... According to the boy we got, we suspect that you hold treasures of our Holy See, so I want to invite you to go to the Holy See to find out, so please put down your weapons and cast, don't make indifferent struggles..."

"Otherwise, I will punish you on behalf of the Holy See!" Suddenly, the figure of the man in Tsing Yi slowly lifted into the air, and then suddenly shouted angrily at the forest.

"Weng buzzing!" The loud voice suddenly wrapped the entire forest, and it also entered the ears of Xun'er and Gu Qing.

"Qing... Tsing Yi monk?" Gu Qing's beautiful eyes stared at the smiling man above the sky, but Dai's eyes shrank suddenly, and then her heart beat suddenly, and a touch of chill emerged in her heart.

"Sister Gu Qing... this is this?" Xun'er heard the majestic voice, and the aura in the body suddenly became disordered, and bursts of horror emerged, but fortunately there was the extremely mysterious Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan, so it was also easily blocked.

"Sorry...Miss Xun'er, given the current situation, I'm afraid this time, you can't leave Douyun Continent to find your lover." Gu Qing's beautiful eyes became serious at the same time.

As a strong native of the ancient clan, Gu Qing naturally has a very clear division of the power of the Holy See, and today's Gu Qing, whose strength is already a nine-star Dou Emperor, has stepped into the rank nine, even so, it is from this Tsing Yi cultivator. On his body, he felt a great aura, which was enough to see that this guy's strength was stronger than his own, not to mention his accomplices.

"never mind……"

"But these guys, I will remember them..."

"When I'm strong enough in the future... These guys who blocked me from finding brother Xiao Yan... can only apologize with death." After a while, Xun'er also slowly shook his head. Obviously now the enemy is outnumbered, and if we fight recklessly, we will be injured. It will only be themselves, and suddenly the indifference that reigns over the world like a queen suddenly emanates from the corner of Xun'er's mouth.

"If that's the case, then Sister Gu Qing, let's go back."

"After I go back, send me to the Holy Land." Looking at the man in Tsing Yi who exuded a tyrannical aura in the sky, Xun'er smiled sweetly, as if in his mind, a man with a heavy ruler on his back slowly emerged.

"You... have you decided?" Gu Qing heard the words and was suddenly surprised. The ancient sacred place is said to be the resting place of the ancient powerhouses of all dynasties, and it is also the storage place of their ancient sacred flames, but there is no holy flame. Perception, no one has entered into it for thousands of years.

In addition to the recent disappearance of the patriarch of the ancient clan and some elders in the clan, people in the ancient clan were panicked.

At that time, Peerless Heavenly Emperor defied the public opinion and prepared to close his disciple, Xun'er was sent into it, but was rejected by Xun'er. Obviously, there was something in the ancient holy land that made Xun'er disgusted.

"If that's the case... then go back..."

"When you completely control the things in the Holy Land, let alone the powerhouses of the seven immortal peaks in the clan will not stop you, then you will be the new generation of saints of our ancient clan, even if the Holy See wants to move you, It has to be weighed too." Gu Qing was quite happy when he finished speaking, when a silver scroll in his hand was quietly crushed, and then the figures of the two women suddenly became illusory.

"See you next time... You and the so-called Son of Light in the Holy See are not so lucky." The silver scroll appeared in the sky above the forest, and a space channel emerged. Suddenly, the figures of Xun'er and Gu Qing slowly merged into it. It's just that when Xun'er finally disappeared, the Tsing Yi cultivator's face and even his breath were all seen by Xun'er. In an instant, a word with shocking killing intent, like thunder and violence, suddenly resounded in front of the Tsing Yi cultivator. rise!

. Mobile version update fastest URL: