Chapter Vol 4 1727: Light-based Forbidden Technique, Bright Judgment Demon Sword!

Countless rays of light emerged, and immediately paved the way for the Devil of Light. The pure white rays of light turned into white dresses, decorating the Devil of Light's breath as extremely sacred, serious, and inviolable!

"Bright Saint Clothes?"

"How is that possible?" Looking at the demon of light surrounded by white dresses, Lord Li Soul couldn't help but lose his voice.

Bright holy clothing, this is not only an armed force, but also an armor. After wearing it, the strength will increase significantly.

Perhaps the strength of the Demon of Light has not yet reached the level of Samsara, only the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, but now that the Light Saint Cloak is added, it has slowly turned into a scene of white armor wrapped in countless ancient runes.

The white armor was transformed by the dress, sacred and incomparably pure. After the breath, the breath of the demon of light was pushed to the peak.

Half time!

After a while, a pair of milky white wings slowly spread out at the top of the huge sand wave. With a slender figure, he was wearing white armor. The white armor completely dispelled the countless gloomy atmospheres in the entire desert, and his body was as dazzling as the sun!

The demon of light under half reincarnation!

"Bastard!" Looking at such a terrifying demon of light, the corners of his mouth kept wriggling, and the sacred incantations continued to permeate. After a while, they turned into countless white halos, illuminating the entire desert hinterland, and even countless countless people in the desert. Elements, energy, all quietly crawl down in an instant, just like welcoming the real goddess of light.

"Damn it!"

"Light devil, stop me!"

"Are you going to destroy this place!" Seeing the sacred energy becoming more solid and brighter, the illusory soul body of the Lord of Souls couldn't help trembling!

Even if he touches reincarnation, if the demon of light in front of him unleashes such a terrifying attack, his only end will be destruction.

"Hahaha!"

"Li Hun, when you joined the powerhouses of the Three Realms to kill him, how could you ever be soft-hearted?"

"So, I just want you to taste the pain of Wanguang's Soul Eater, even this kind of pain is not as good as one ten thousandth of what he suffered back then!"

"Today you will surely die!" Seeing the panic that only appeared on the face of Lord Li Soul, the Demon of Light smiled.

Ever since she knew that the Demon Emperor had completely fallen, she had abandoned her status as a high-ranking member of the Holy See, and left the Holy See desperately. From the goddess of light, who was admired by the world, she was reduced to the demon of light who is now spurned by the world. Countless pain and torture, who knows?

But all of this is not important. As long as you can completely obliterate the Lord of Li Soul and avenge him, even if it is broken, what is there to be afraid of?

But today, the Demon of Light came with the determination to die, and the purpose was to perish with the Lord of Li Soul!

"The demon of light, the demon emperor is not dead."

"Today you are so aggressive, if you are known by the demon emperor, I am afraid that he will also feel sorry for you, and then you will be truly separated."

"Furthermore, I, Li Soul Territory, is not a place where you foreigners can run wild!" The Lord of Li Soul forcibly restrained the anger in his heart and roared.

"not dead?"

"I have seen it with my own eyes and heard it with my own ears, how can it be fake?"

"As of now, in the name of the God of Light, I will judge you thoroughly!"

"Go to **** with all your remorse!"

"You shouldn't, you shouldn't, you shouldn't provoke him, and you shouldn't take the initiative to join forces with other two world powerhouses to obliterate him!"

"The Forbidden Technique of Light!"

"Light Judgment Demon Sword!" The high-pitched chant sounded violently, like a sacred voice that purifies the evil in the world, and it sounded completely in the desert hinterland. For a time, the demon of light was wearing white armor and blowing Buddha, and countless milky white ancient texts, like With life, it beats slowly, and outlines the entire desert hinterland. Even in front of this power, other powerhouses appear as small as ants.

"Mad!" Looking at the demon of light who was in madness and did not hesitate to activate the forbidden technique, the face of the master of the soul finally showed an extremely solemn look.

Forbidden.

The word insignificance contains some kind of supreme power, because only the Holy See has such a level.

The so-called forbidden arts are the same as those of the top-level immortal arts in the Great Thousand World, but there is no division of immortal arts in the Holy See, and immortal arts are equal to forbidden arts!

The only difference between the two is that in the display of the forbidden technique, only the real high-level people in the Holy See who have been intimated by the angels!

Once the forbidden technique is used, thousands of miles of land will be turned into nothingness. Within a hundred years, no grass will grow, and it will even turn into a ruined area unsuitable for any human beings to survive.

It may be rude to say that the forbidden technique is the strongest fighting technique under the divine technique.

And this kind of forbidden technique can only be performed by the supreme power of the Holy See.

"Alas..." Looking at the furious demon of light provoked by the Lord of Souls in just a few words, the Heishan Longlang couldn't help clenching his fists tightly.

He is loyal to the demon emperor, and his life is also given by the demon emperor. No matter what today, he must protect Xiao Yan and the demon of light, even if his body is shattered, but if he wants to tell the truth, only after this forbidden technique has completely arrived.

Because once the forbidden spell begins to be cast, it cannot be interrupted unless the caster dies.

"Light Element Forbidden Technique, the strongest single attack."

"Bright Judgment Sword." The evil Xiao Yan on the side controlled his body and leaned towards the black dragon wolf. The dark cloak behind him emitted bursts of strong fluctuations, protecting the three of them.

Even Xiao Sensheng is helpless at this time, and then he can only wait for the forbidden technique to be used safely.

"Madman, madman, madman!" Looking at the rising aura, the demon of light with half-reincarnation-level power in a short period of time Looking at the top of his head, an amber-colored handle the size of a hundred meters The divine sword of light was slowly taking shape, and the Master of Li Soul couldn't help but scolded.

Once the forbidden technique is displayed by the demon of light, I am afraid that this place will turn into a pile of ruins, and it will not be able to recover for a hundred years and a thousand years, and this is the base camp of Li Hunyu. And he can only endure secretly, this kind of thing, anyone will be violent.

"The devil of light, you forced me." Seeing the division of light so bold, the expression of the master of the soul began to change, from a face full of fear to apathy, even a madness, and this madness Among them, there is even a disdain, as if the attack of this demon of light does not pose any threat!

After a while, his pupils turned into a rare pink. At the same time, he was not looking at the demon of light who was using the forbidden technique, because he knew that with his power, he could not shake it in the slightest, but the corners of his mouth changed. Got crazy.

"Wan Soul Art!" With a light snort, countless yellow sands emerged above the desert hinterland, and immediately turned into a line of yellow sand soldiers wearing armor, standing solemnly beside the Lord Li Soul.

"Not good..." At this moment, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in his soul realm, suddenly noticed something and lost his voice.

"What's going on?" Xiao Sensheng has been replying to his strength since the Demon of Light appeared, and now asked Xiao Yan in the Dou Qi Sea.

"He... he doesn't want to devour Acacia and Broken Enteritis!" A crazy thought filled Xiao Yan's heart.

"Keep it for me!" Zai Du roared, and the pink flame that had been standing quietly on the palm of the Lord of Soul Li was thrown directly into his soul body!

With such an appearance, the Lord of Li Soul actually wants to directly devour Acacia Broken Enteritis?