Chapter Vol 2 784: fierce fight

"Three Profound Transformations of Skyfire!"

"Immortal body!"

"Emperor Yan!" In the face of such a terrifying attack from the Demon Whale in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Di of a human being, Xiao Yan did not dare to neglect, and used all his skills!

"This guy..." Xiu Qi stared at Xiao Yan who was shrouded in the golden yellow giant, and at the same time found that Xiao Yan's aura had indistinctly increased to the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. In addition to Xiao Yan's body at this time Outside the golden giant, a splendid flame slowly wrapped his body, and he immediately looked forward to Xiao Yan even more!

If nothing else, the body of the Dou Emperor alone may be extremely terrifying. With the body of the Dou Emperor alone, although it cannot completely stop the attack of the Demon Whale, it can weaken the attack of the Demon Whale to the greatest extent. And the soaring strength is enough to show the high level of its secret method!

As Xiu Qi in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, he deeply knew that there was a huge difference in perception between each level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, but this Xiao Yan was able to rely on the power of the secret method to forcibly raise two levels. At this level of secret method, I am afraid that the rank will not be lower than the holy rank.

Saint Rank, that is a rare thing, so he was puzzled about the power behind Xiao Yan.

In addition, that gorgeous flame gave Xiu Qi an extremely powerful burning sensation, which had to make Xiu Qi take Xiao Yan seriously.

If this is the case, maybe it really has the power to fight against the Demon Whale!

"Human, you have a lot of treasures on you."

"However, the absolute gap between strengths cannot be changed by relying on this kind of thing."

"Die." The Demon Whale seemed to be slightly surprised by Xiao Yanneng's soaring strength and golden Dou Emperor, but the next moment, he was trying to escape. Obviously, no matter what happened to Xiao Yan, he couldn't escape the fate of falling today.

"That's not necessarily!" Xiao Yan saw that the Demon Whale was not busy, and immediately knew that this was the pride of the Demon Whale.

But it was this pride that gave Xiao Yan the opportunity to fight back!

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Tianhuo has raised my current strength to the level of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor in a short period of time, and with the addition of Immortal Body and Emperor Yan, I'm afraid it is still a little difficult to deal with the Demon Whale..." Xiao Yan said slightly, and then his eyes turned blank. It was looking at Xiu Qi, who was tossing and turning.

"Oh, never mind."

"It's better to solve this guy in front of you first, and then find out." The next moment, it seemed that he had made a decision, and Xiao Yan spoke directly.

"Xiao Yan, this guy is mysterious, what is he doing?" Xiu Qi tried her best to keep the sea water from touching the two of them, but Xiao Yan stared at him hesitantly, but he was discovered by him.

"There hasn't been a human here for a long time. This human can be the first batch of people in this ruin. I want to see what its strength is." The demon whale is not in a hurry, as if no matter what Xiao Yan does, he can't escape his fall. fate.

"However, the gorgeous flame on this human body is peculiar. It is similar to the one in the three major islands, but it is too weak."

"That guy said that if he encounters a human with an unusually powerful flame, he must be allowed to enter the ruins. I don't know why." The demon whale slowly muttered to himself, and then the monstrous waves of hundreds of meters behind him It exudes a terrifying power that grabs people's hearts.

"Come out." Xiao Yan said to himself, and suddenly an unusually bright earth-yellow flame replaced the splendid Emperor Yan.

Impressively, the Holy Flame Ranking ranks No. 35, Huoxin Tianyan!

"This is……"

"Holy flame?" The next moment, as Xiao Yan's earthy yellow holy flame surged out, the temperature of his entire body suddenly increased, and then Xiu Qi couldn't help being surprised!

Holy flame, this is the most powerful fire attribute in the world, there is no one!

is the strongest!

I am afraid that the entire Xuan Santian has never heard of someone who can possess holy flame. Even the pavilion master of Fenxiang Pavilion only has a trace of holy flame, not to mention those who are immortal in Pill Valley.

"That's..." The Demon Whale appeared with Xiao Yan's holy flame's power, and was suddenly surprised, and then stared at the bright khaki flames on Xiao Yan's body.

At the same time, a burning sensation came from the Demon Whale's body.

"That flame..."

"Could it be what the guy in the three islands said!" The Demon Whale was surprised the next moment!

For that guy, even if he is as powerful as the Demon Whale, he can only surrender, so the Demon Whale doesn't dare not listen to his words.

"It seems that this human can't be killed." The Demon Whale said slowly in his heart, but the huge wave of destruction behind him did not disappear at all.

"Although you can't believe what that guy said, but if you have this thing, you can't even take a blow from me, then entering the ruins is also self-destruction."

"Let me see how powerful this legendary holy flame is!" The Demon Whale had a plan in his heart, and then quietly waited for Xiao Yan's attack.

At this time, Xiu Qi found out that something was wrong with the Demon Whale, and she couldn't help frowning.

"The brain of the demon whale is broken today?" Xiao Yan was controlling the Fire Heart Tianyan while condensing the broken rock burial, ready to give the demon whale a great gift, but seeing that the demon whale was motionless, Can not help but be surprised.

"Rock Breaking Heaven Burial!" Not long after, Xiao Yan, who was shrouded in golden immortality, suddenly attacked the Demon Whale with an extremely bright earth-yellow flame ball in his hand!

With the falling off of the flame ball, the seawater around the body has a vague feeling of being vaporized and attached to it!

"It's good!" The demon whale felt a holy and hot power from the flame ball, and immediately did not hesitate, and the shocking waves behind him suddenly beat the flame ball away!

"Boom boom boom!" Zhentian's attack spread throughout the sea, and then the huge blue wave was pierced by the flame ball!

"What a terrifying power!" Xiu Qi said in surprise when she saw the earth-shattering movement above the sea.

"Break it for me!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's resolute voice carried a huge heavy ruler burning with the power of a khaki flame, directly using the impact of the flame to slash at the demon whale!

"Bang bang bang!" In the sea area, the attack of the flame ball and the huge wave were both hurt, and they all dissipated in the end, but at the same time, Xiao Yan's next attack burst out.

"This human being is a bit strong." The demon whale saw that his smug attack that was enough to obliterate Xiao Yan was actually cracked by his flame ball, and after cracking, there was still no sign of exhaustion. He kept muttering.

"Forget it." The next moment, the demon whale smiled slowly, and then there was relief in the smile.

Facing the strange smile, Xiao Yan was startled at first, but at this time he was very close to the Demon Whale, so he had no choice but to attack! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: