Chapter Vol 4 1309: Rain flies and fails

"There are two contestants who are the same number one, please enter the arena." Du Tianfeng's voice slowly permeated outside the arena for a long time.

The competition between the top 25 and the top 12 was extremely exciting.

"I'll go first." Yu Ran Ran smiled at Xiao Yan, then let out a long sigh of relief before heading towards the competitive mountain range.

With a "pop", he immediately penetrated the energy light shield and sank into the competitive mountain range, waiting for the battle.

"I didn't expect that my opponent was actually her..." The next moment, in the crowd, the voice of madrigal moved slightly, and then stepped out of the crowd, also submerging into the competitive mountain range.

"Damn, Ran Ran is no match for this guy. This guy... is too strong." Seeing Mu Ge's appearance, Xiao Yan was suddenly shocked. After all, he still had a lot of goodwill towards Yu Ran Ran, so he couldn't have an accident so easily. .

"Fast, if you lose in a while, then admit defeat. This guy is very strong." The next moment, Xiao Yan's dazzling soul force directly carried the message Xiao Yan wanted to convey, quietly penetrating the energy knot. World, came to Yu Ran.

"Oh...soul voice transmission?"

"It is possible to penetrate this level of enchantment energy, and this guy's soul power is probably not weak." Mu Ge had just rushed into the sky above the competitive mountain range, and immediately noticed Xiao Yan's actions and said.

"Huhu."

"It's very strong...but who will kill the deer, I still don't know!" Yu Ran Ran easily crushed Xiao Yan's soul through voice transmission, and then turned her beautiful eyes to face the pastoral song, she knew that she could not be this guy anyway. An opponent, but Yu Ran Ran is not someone who shrinks when encountering difficulties. Even if he fails, he still has to find out some useful information for Xiao Yan.

"You admit defeat."

"In my battles, there is no distinction between men and women. If there is a battle, one party will be injured or killed."

"And you and Qi Fei are supposed to be friends, so I don't want to hurt you." Mu Ge's eyelids twitched slightly, and he wasn't ready to do anything.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The strength of the pastoral is that the real two-star Dou Xian is complete, and with this strength behind the scenes, it is indistinguishable from the ordinary powerhouses in the early stage of the three-star Dou Xian. An ant makes no difference.

"Humph."

"Who said women are inferior to men?"

"Stop talking nonsense... Look at the tricks!"

"Wind and whirlwind!" The next moment, Yu Ran Ran didn't have any hesitation, the blue-colored Dou Qi suddenly revolved, and a tyrannical attack suddenly attacked the pastoral song.

"Since you insist on courting death, then you can't blame me." Seeing this, Mu Ge was a little surprised at Yu Ran Ran's courage. After all, the gap between the two was too huge, and Yu Ran Ran was the first to attack without any fear.

"Crash!" Yu Ran Ran naturally knew that this person in front of him was the pastoral song known as the strongest in the Thunder World, so he didn't hold back at all, and the moment he made a move, it was a tyrannical attack.

Everyone outside the arena saw that the Yu Ran's delicate body was surrounded by a cyan Dou Qi, and the cyan Dou Qi instantly turned into a small hurricane with a scale of several tens of meters. The fluctuation of people's suffocation even caused a crack in the sky of the competitive mountain range.

"Very good attack." The pastoral still showed no signs of doing anything, and the corners of his mouth moved slightly.

"This guy, is it too arrogant?" Some strong people outside the field couldn't help but say.

Although Yu Ran Ran's strength is weak, but such a tyrannical attack, the two-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouse may also be severely injured.

"The strength of this guy, Mu Ge, is probably getting more and more tyrannical." Feng Yu of Fenghua Valley couldn't help but said, even he, facing the pastoral song, is under huge pressure, not to mention that his strength is only two The rain in the late stage of Xingdouxian flies.

"Is this pastoral song taken lightly?" Liu Qing on the side said.

"It's not like, I once played against the pastoral song and was suppressed everywhere."

"This guy is not only talented, but he has also accepted the tasks of the mercenary union for many times, and has experienced many battles. He is a real powerhouse." Duan Qifei's big watery eyes also flashed a little solemnity , Obviously even if she is against the pastoral song, the odds of winning are quite small.

"She will lose, she is testing the strength of the pastoral song for herself." The next moment, watching Yu Ran Ran's attack combined with the sound transmission that had just wiped out his soul, Xiao Yan also understood Yu Ran Ran's mind.

"Boom!" The small hurricane was like a death ray, and its speed was so fast that it came to the pastoral in an instant.

"Da da da!" And the seemingly devastating blow came to Mu Ge, Mu Ge gently stretched out his finger, and at one point, the small hurricane was like an ice cube, solidifying in an instant, and then under the doubts of everyone , shattered in degrees.

"Ice attribute?" Realizing that her offensive was broken in an instant, Yu Ran Ran also figured out this guy's attribute.

Ice attribute, this is a similar attribute to water attribute, but it is completely different. Ice attribute vindictiveness is more controlled than the many properties of water attribute.

The ice attribute and Xiao Yan's fire attribute are exactly in the relationship of mutual generation and mutual restraint. Ice and water can put out the fire, but as long as the power of the flame is stronger than the power of ice or water, they can be destroyed in turn.

"Want to run?"

"I won't give you a chance!"

"Because I said, if you don't admit defeat, I'm afraid this will be your cemetery!"

"Frozen!" As soon as the pastoral entered the battle, he became fully devoted, regardless of the outside world. In his eyes, only the number of opponents or the elimination of opponents can win.

"Bang bang bang!" The pastoral voice just fell, and immediately above the competitive mountain range, a piece of cold suddenly hit, even under the strong control of the ice attribute, even this space was temporarily imprisoned.

"The Wall of Wind!" Yu Ran Ran felt an extremely tyrannical pressure, and suddenly a grudge filled her body, forming a cyan light shield in front of her, trying to resolve this special cold air.

"Sisi!" At this time, the pastoral song, milky white energy is constantly overflowing, and this energy is mixed with an extremely cold chill. If it is touched for a long time, it may damage the source.

"Ice picks!" Seeing that the entire sky was filled with his milky-white cold air, he suddenly hummed and hummed, and a milky-white giant sword composed of cold air slowly emerged.

There was no other aura above the giant sword, but when he saw this giant sword, even Xiao Yan felt a sense of fear in his heart.

"It's raining! That's enough!" A roar emerged directly from Xiao Yan's mouth.

"I... I admit defeat." Hearing Xiao Yan's words, Yu Ran Ran was about to use more aggressive means, but she shook her head slightly.

"Rain flies against the pastoral song, the pastoral song wins." Du Tianfeng instantly appeared in the competitive mountain range, announcing the end, and the pastoral song's tyrannical attack also dissipated.

"Are you alright?" Just after leaving the competitive mountain range, Yu Ran's legs suddenly became weak, and she collapsed instantly, feeling rather haggard and weak.

"Sorry... I didn't force him to do much." A shadow appeared on Yu Ran Ran's pale face.

"Don't worry, this guy, I will defeat him personally." Xiao Yan gave Yu Ran Ran a reassuring smile.

"This bastard!" Seeing this, Du Qifei couldn't help cursing at the madrigal beside him.

"Liu Qing, send Ran Ran back to rest, I still want to take a look." Xiao Yan's eyes became fierce, and a violent breath slowly permeated. Obviously, this man named Mu Ge provoked Xiao Yan's murder. meaning.

"En." Liu Qing nodded slightly and took Yu Ran Ran back to rest.