Chapter Vol 4 1155: Seal Dou Technique, Devouring Blood Monument!

"The next auction is the second auction item of this auction." After a while, seeing the strange silence in the entire auction, Li Qin smiled slowly, and gently placed his palm on the auction table. Hit it a few times.

"Kacha Kacha!" As Li Qin's palm gently tapped towards the auction table, a loud voice suddenly sounded, and then the slightly raised bottom of the auction table seemed to be transported up.

"What a dazzling red light!" Just as the Amplifier stopped, on the bulging auction stand, there was an item wrapped in red light, wrapped in such a dazzling red light, even if it was Some tyrannical powerhouses can't find out what is in it.

At this time, on the raised auction table, once the necessary red light covers the auction table, it will also attract the attention of all the powerhouses in the entire auction.

"What a tyrannical red light, even my soul power can't penetrate it." Seeing this, Xiao Yan wanted to use his soul power to investigate, but his soul power couldn't penetrate, obviously he was also a strong man in the City Lord's Mansion. I had thought of this scene for a long time, and here a rather tyrannical barrier that restrained the soul was set up.

"Hehe, everyone, please see, this is the second auction item." The next moment, the dead wind, who had been standing behind, slowly walked up, and then a silver fighting immortal power emerged from his hands, instantly turning the The necessary red light was destroyed, but the silver fighting immortal power on his body was protecting the scroll-like thing.

"What is this……"

"It seems to be a scroll?"

"Scroll?"

"Just judging from the red light just emitted from this scroll, I'm afraid the value is not low." And many of the strong men in the private room dispersed in the red light, but also found that they were protected by the power of the dead wind and lay quietly. The red scroll above the auction table couldn't help but muttered in a low voice.

"That thing on the auction table is so bloody..." In the private room No. 3, Qing'er's little face couldn't help but look a little awkward, apparently sensing something.

"Blood?" When Qinger said this, Xiao couldn't help but wonder, because with the red scroll being protected by the wind of death, Xiao Yan couldn't feel any breath, while Qinger's strength was only at the peak of Dou Di. It was because he was able to discover some unusual things, which made Xiao Yan have to look at Qing'er differently.

"City Lord of Dead Wind, don't sell anything, what exactly is this?" After a while, some figures in the private room said eagerly.

"Hehe, everyone, don't be in a hurry."

"This second auction item is a volume of fighting skills." Dead Wind laughed, standing side by side with Li Qin.

"What the city lord said is not wrong."

"This is a scroll, but it's not an ordinary scroll."

"Because it is a volume of seal fighting skills." Li Qin's soft voice sounded slowly, but it shocked the hundreds of powerhouses present like a thunderbolt.

"Sealing fighting skills?"

"The treasures in this city lord's mansion are really dazzling, and treasures with such rare seal fighting skills can be taken out..."

"If I get this treasure, I'm afraid I can compete with the three major families in each ghost king city..."

"You just save it, the three big families are not something that a small force like you can provoke."

"..." There were constant whispers in some private rooms

"Sealing fighting skills?"

"There are quite a few good things in the hands of this dead wind, but I think that the reason why he is so willing is that the younger generation of Ghost King City can have a place in the East Continent. After all, if no tyrannical genius has been cultivated, I am afraid that Death Wind will never be able to live without this ghost king city." In the private room No. 1, the mysterious black-robed man said slowly in his heart, but the mysterious man was seeing the private room No. 3. When Xiao Yan's figure was the same, he became vigilant at the same time, obviously aware of something.

"That kid in the third private room is also a pharmacist, why is the soul power in his body a little terrifying?" The mysterious man in the first private room cast a glance at Xiao Yan and then laughed.

"It's actually a seal fighting skill, father!" In the second private room, Feather Wing's voice was full of urgency, and he obviously knew the value of the sealing fighting skill.

"The value of the Sealing Dou Technique is unlimited, but don't worry, such a precious thing must have a high auction value. If we can't get it temporarily, no matter who it ends up in, we won't be able to escape from our Yu family. Devil's claws." Yu Gan also seemed to have the chance to win, without the slightest worry.

"Seal fighting skills?" In the private room No. 3, Xiao Yan saw that Li Qin's voice had just fallen, which immediately caused a rather noisy commotion, and couldn't help muttering.

"Brother Xiao Yan doesn't know anything."

"The classification of fighting skills is quite noisy. Basically, there are attacks and defenses. In addition, many space teleportation scrolls for escape and one-time fighting skills scrolls for recording fighting skills have been born."

"It's just that these fighting skill scrolls are not comparable to the sealing fighting skill." Qing Wen said with a smile.

"Oh, why is this?" Xiao Yan also asked with interest after hearing this.

"It's very simple."

"Because the value and potential of seal fighting skills are infinite."

"There is no level of seal fighting skills, but it can be based on the strength of the performer. If it is stronger, it will be stronger!" Qing Wen said with a smile.

"Hehe, everyone."

"This seal fighting skill is called Spirit Devouring Blood Tablet After the city owner's identification, it was created by a strong man whose strength reached 3-star fighting immortals in his lifetime."

"And the city owner has done an experiment. This scroll of fighting skills is quite well preserved. Everyone can feel free to auction it."

"Don't be afraid to tell everyone, the city lord once told me that this seal fighting skill seals a strong person who is no worse than two small levels."

"In other words, if you are a Dou Xian in the early stage of One-Star Dou Xian, you can also use the Seal Dou Technique to seal it when you encounter a late-stage One-Star Dou Xian. Unless you encounter some perverted geniuses, this seal will not be accepted. Fighting skills make you invincible."

"And the most important point, I believe you all know it too, that is the seal fighting skill, which has infinite potential." Li Qin said a lot, but there is no doubt that these words fell on the strong in the private room. In the ear, it caused a storm of waves.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Miss Li Qin, stop talking nonsense, let's start the auction!" The next moment, a fiery tone came from some private rooms, and he said directly.

"Due to the rarity and preciousness of sealing fighting skills, gold coins alone are not enough to measure its value, so this auction of the Soul Devouring Blood Tablet will be traded in a barter way."

"You only need to take out the chips in your hands, and our City Lord's Mansion will naturally choose a more satisfied auctioneer for the transaction based on the chips you take out."

"So... everyone, let's get started." Li Qin showed a playful smile on the corner of his mouth, and his elegant voice echoed throughout the auction.