Chapter 120: Youquan!

?? Xiao Yan also opened the wooden house after regaining his strength, but found that it was already morning.

"I can't believe it took me one night to recover my strength." Xiao Yan also shook his head, then put on a bamboo hat to cover his face, and then walked towards the Yue Family lobby.

"Xiao Yan, have you recovered?" Yueru also came to the lobby early to help her father with some things, and then saw a figure with a hat on his head, and it goes without saying that he knew it was Xiao Yan.

"Yeah." Xiao Yan also responded.

"Hey hey, I said that Xiao Yan is an imperial alchemist, and there are all kinds of recovery-type medicinal herbs, so it will take a long time to recover, you still..."

"Hey, hello." Before Yue Yu could finish her words, she was pinched by the slender hand of her Bao'er daughter.

"Let's go, I'll take you there." Yueru obviously knew what Xiao Yan meant, then gave her father a vicious look, and left with Xiao Yan.

"This girl..." Yue Yu was also quite helpless about this, and then she immersed herself in sorting out family affairs.

"Yueguliang, is there any place where water flows near Qingcheng?" Xiao Yan also asked. After all, he heard from his master Jinlong King that the medicinal power of this solid foundation Peiyuan Pill and some medicinal materials need to be neutralized. The land of water flow, otherwise Qing Yuan's weak body can't absorb it now.

"Is the water flowing?" Yue Ru heard that her beautiful eyes smiled slightly, and suddenly remembered a spring in the Warcraft Mountains when she was a child, and then told Xiao Yan everything.

"How about I take you there? I'm also a girl, so it's convenient to take care of Qing Yuan." Yueru also said.

"No need, thank you for your kindness." Xiao Yan hurriedly refused when he heard the words, and it wasn't that Xiao Yan was embarrassed to open his mouth. When he absorbed Guben Peiyuan Dan, his master Jinlong King made it clear that he should not bring anyone else.

"Then go back quickly, don't forget when the mysterious three angels arrive in ten days." Yueru obviously didn't want to be difficult, and then brought Xiao Yan outside Qing Yuan's house, He spoke slowly.

Watching Yue Ru leave, Xiao Yan also sighed slowly, and then gently opened the wooden house.

"You kid is really showing love everywhere." The Golden Dragon King's voice suddenly sounded.

Xiao Yan is also helpless about this. After all, he is not a lover, and his relationship with this Yueru is like a friend at most.

"Hey, let's take one step at a time." After speaking, he did not hesitate, and walked into the wooden house, where Qing Yuan slowly lay on it.

A trace of ice silk covered Qing Yuan's body, and then under the ice silk, there seemed to be groups of pure white rays of light surrounding it, as if to protect him.

"Let's go, hold her and go to the place that Nizi said first, where can I absorb Guben Peiyuan Dan." The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also slightly put away the heavy ruler behind his back. In order not to be conspicuous, he hugged Qing Yuan and left the Yue family quietly.

As soon as Qing Yuan started, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a stream of pure energy nourishing him, and then he forcibly suppressed his curiosity and walked towards the secluded spring in the Monster Beast Mountains.

In the silent Warcraft Mountains forest, the group of people walked quietly, with vigilant eyes, constantly scanning the dark places in the surrounding trees, their palms tightly holding the weapons around their waists, ready to deal with any unexpected events. situation.

As an old mercenary who has been in the Warcraft Mountains for many years, every time you go out to hunt beasts, you must maintain a basic tacit understanding. When your eyes are interlaced, you can also identify some signals representing danger and safety from the eyes of the other party.

Xiao Yan was relieved to put away the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng. The strange ability to suppress vindictiveness and the overweight weight made Xiao Yan's actions more convenient, although Xiao Yan was also used to the suppression and weight of the ancient ruler of Yihuoheng.

Xiao Yan carried Qing Yuan in front of the team of mercenaries, then turned his head and looked at the people behind the guards, his eyes swept across the team at will, and finally stopped there as if being surrounded by stars Usually surrounded by the woman in the white dress in the middle.

At this moment, the woman in the white dress just straightened up slightly, wiped the sweat on her forehead lightly with the back of her hand, panting lightly, and with her soft cheeks, she looked quite lovable.

Seeing the white-skirted woman showing this appearance, some mercenaries around had the urge to carry her to their destination, but they also knew that even if they wanted to carry it, the white-skirted woman would only refuse with a smile.

"This woman's soul power seems to be somewhat powerful..." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

Xiao Yan is already an emperor-level mortal-level soul power, and even Yueru's emperor-level soul does not have this invisible suppression. The woman in the white dress below has it, which inevitably makes Xiao Yan look at it more. .

When the eyes of the mercenaries below converged on the woman in the white dress, a rather handsome young man walked out of the guards on the side with a smile on his face, bowing his head and saying something to the panting white dress.

"There is a person with a very powerful soul who is spying on us." The woman in the white dress also looked around vigilantly Well, no, we have already searched the periphery of the demonic beast mountain range..." The handsome young man arrive.

The two talked for a while, and the woman in the white dress smiled and shook her head, and then continued to drive ahead.

Slowly withdrawing his gaze, Xiao Yan didn't have much interest in the relationship between the young man and the woman in the white dress, so he shook his head, and once again stepped lightly towards the secluded spring of the Demonic Beast Mountains.

Outside the Demonic Beast Mountains, everything was relatively calm. However, not long after Xiao Yan entered the Demonic Beasts Mountains, a small-scale attack of Beasts was brutally displayed in front of Xiao Yan.

The attackers are three-headed ninth-order monsters, which are comparable to the monsters of the fighting saints. They are called fire snakes and tigers. This type of monster is quite common in the periphery of the monster mountain range. Its attribute is fire, and the fire is pregnant with fire poison. If they are not treated, they will be attacked by fire poison until they die.

However, Xiao Yan was also helpless about this, and then released his grudge, these three monsters ran away terrifyingly as if they had seen a natural enemy.

"It's here, it looks like the secluded spring that Yueru said." Xiao Yan also nodded in satisfaction as he watched the waterfall flowing down the sky from a distance.

Walking into the woods outside the waterfall, the light was dim, but this was the area that Xiao Yan had previously investigated with his soul power, so Xiao Yan did not have to worry about being suddenly attacked by monsters, and his eyes swept around, looking for the most suitable concealment. Place.

Taking Guben Peiyuan Pill is not a small movement, after all, this is the elixir of the first-order peak of the emperor.

As Xiao Yan walked from the small forest, he also went deeper and deeper into the small dense forest, and after walking a distance again, the "boom boom boom" sound of waterfall water > Asking for a ticket~...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: