Chapter 595: fight

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations dissipated in an instant, Xiao Yan's strange fire constant ancient ruler was uncontrollably and directly let go. As for the energy clone of the blood demon, although Xiao Yan's three-foot combo momentum gave him He was quite frightened, but in the final analysis, he was the energy clone of the Gorefiend, and he was much stronger than Xiao Yan in the later stage of the Six-Star Dou Di.

"Why does this human body seem to have other powers besides the holy flame?" Above the blood demon's energy clone, the black energy was faintly eroded by Xiao Yan's holy flame.

However, what surprised the Gorefiend's energy clone the most was the power of the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body, and the attack generated by attaching to the ancient ruler of the strange fire was also extremely terrifying!

"As expected of the true king of the Gorefiends." Xiao Yan looked at the shattered void beside him, and slightly wiped the bloodstain on the corner of his mouth due to the suppression of the Gorefiend's energy clone.

"Now the power of holy flame and the power of different fire in the body cannot be merged. Although this Gorefiend clone is just a clone, from the previous fight, it is not something that any of us can resist. It seems that we can only use the help of The power of the two of them..."

"Long Yi, Xinyan, give me your strength!" As if he had made up his mind, Xiao Yan and Xinyan and Longyi said in his heart at the same time.

"You are..." Xinyan and Long Yi were quite puzzled by Xiao Yan's actions, but seeing the solemnity on Xiao Yan's face, coupled with the power of the Gorefiend's energy clone, they felt Xiao Yan's Yan Jue was surging rapidly in his body, his teeth clenched, and the strength of the two of them directly irrigated him!

"Gorefiend, let you know how powerful it is!" A frantic laughter spread across the shattered void with flames all over the sky!

The flames spread out, not only with different fires, but also with the power of the Fire Heart Tianyan Holy Flame, which is extremely tyrannical to suppress the evil race outside the territory!

For a time, the temperature of this space rose sharply, and the barren aura above the holy flames instantly emerged, making the blood demon energy clone not only the pressure greatly increased!

After all, the strength has reached the level of Gorefiend, and it is impossible to easily come to Doudi Continent, so only one clone can be projected, but the gap between the strength of this clone and the main body is huge!

"Oh?"

"What the **** is this human doing?"

"There are so many flames in the body, aren't you afraid of exploding and dying?" Gorefiend's energy clone said slowly.

"Well, even if there is a holy flame, in front of me, it's just an ant, just to see what this kid wants to do!"

"If possible, this kid can be regarded as a general of my Gorefiend clan!" After the Gorefiend finished speaking, he instantly became quiet, and then he stopped moving, floating directly in the shattered void, staring at Xiao Yan.

"Huh." Feeling the huge and pure power of Long Yi and Xinyan, Xiao Yan couldn't help gasping for breath, then raised his head with some difficulty, and stared at the evil and contemptuous Gorefiend in front of him.

"The true king of the Gorefiends is still too reluctant for me now."

"But this avatar should be fine." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a strange hint of madness appeared on the corner of his mouth!

"To be on the safe side, let's call out that immortal body." Xiao Yan hesitated for a while, although he felt that the blood demon emissary in front of him had stopped his offensive and looked at himself as if he was looking at a lamb to be slaughtered. In order to prevent accidents, you still have to be careful!

"Immortal body!"

"Come out!" Xiao Yan's mind moved, and he immediately summoned the immortal body that had been integrated into his body!

"Bang bang bang!" The golden energy slowly wrapped Xiao Yan's entire body. At that time, a huge golden energy giant slowly appeared around Xiao Yan's body!

With the appearance of the immortal body, Xiao Yan felt that every cell in his body was protected by a golden immortal power!

This immortal power is as indestructible as if the eternal existence exists!

The power of immortality invaded every cell and every piece of flesh and blood in Xiao Yan's body, making Xiao Yan feel that not only his strength had skyrocketed, but his body's defensive power had also greatly increased!

"This immortal body is really terrifying." Xiao Yan looked at the huge giant outside his body, and couldn't help but praise him contentedly.

This terrifying immortal body, I am afraid that a six-star Dou Emperor perfect powerhouse will be difficult to defeat with a single blow!

"Is the body of a fighting emperor..."

"Almost a lot of Dou Di's cultivation has forgotten the body of Dou Di, and very few people still use it. I didn't expect Xiao Yan to have such a terrifying Dou Di."

"With such a terrifying body of a fighting emperor, I am afraid that among his peers, Xiao Yan is also looking for an enemy!" Xinyan's body looked weakly at Xiao Yan, who was shrouded in rays of light. detect it.

"what……"

"How can this Dou Dizhi have a smell that I am familiar with..."

"Are there traces of holy flame?"

"This Xiao Yan doesn't seem to be so simple..." The next moment, Xinyan suddenly felt something from the immortal body, and said vigilantly.

"It's time." After Xiao Yan finished all this, he just calmed down and condensed the whole body strength of Xinyan and Long Yi into two energy light groups, which slowly floated in front of Xiao Yan.

"The strength of these two, if they were to deal with the Gorefiend Left Guard just now, would still have the power to fight, but it seems a little insufficient against this Gorefiend." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth raised slightly.

The next moment, the power of the strange fire in Xiao Yan's body instantly emerged At that time, three groups of energy beams with different energies appeared in front of Xiao Yan!

"Human, you have been planted with blood demon gold energy, even if I don't kill you now, you will be assimilated by my blood demon gold energy in the future, so..."

"How about surrendering to me?" A rather strange voice came from the illusory black energy of the Gorefiend.

Obviously, although this Gorefiend is only a clone, he is quite good at seducing people's hearts and subduing his subordinates.

Such a temptation is clearly because the blood demon made the energy clone feel the terrifying power in Xiao Yan's body!

Although it's not to be afraid of, but if a seedling of this level submits to their Gorefiend clan, and cultivates them well in the future, they will surely become a powerhouse that surpasses the Gorefiend Left Guard!

This is the intention of the Gorefiend's energy clone who has been reluctant to do it!

"Submit to you?"

"I'll consider it." Xiao Yan suddenly laughed.

"Hahaha!"

"Come on, submit to the embrace of my Gorefiends, and let's hunt down the living creatures together." The Gorefiend's eerie and eerie voice resounded throughout the shattered void.

"However, compared to your alien race, I still prefer us here."

"So, go to hell!" Xiao Yan's smile gradually disappeared, replaced by a burst of madness!

"Go!" With a full push of the palm, the three groups of forces instantly merged, and a destructive wave slowly appeared!

"Susu!" In the face of such a terrifying attack, the Gorefiend's figure, surrounded by black energy, instantly shook, and then a **** power instantly emerged.

It's just that with the battle between the two, the nine major tribes of the Medusa clan also discovered, and even in the quiet Medusa Temple, there were some uneasy voices! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: