Chapter Vol 4 2062: The real highlight! (Supplementary Rewards Vol 4 1)

The latest website: "Good thing!" Even with layers of protection, everyone clearly felt the endless coercion contained in this forbidden scroll. Undoubtedly, all of them can achieve real transformation and leap into the dragon gate!

"Brother Xiao Yan, let's try it." Xun'er pursed her lips and said in a low voice, if such a terrifying thing fell into Xiao Yan's hands, I am afraid that it would be an invincible existence under Samsara.

"No, the power of this forbidden scroll is irresistible, but its auction price will probably be higher than the sky."

"We've already gained something from this auction, and we can't let go of ruining our family for a piece of fighting skills. Let's just wait and see what happens next." Xiao Yan smiled while stroking Xun'er's three thousand blue silks.

"Well... alright." Hearing Xiao Yan say, Xun'er had no choice but to do it, otherwise, with the qualifications and background of the new patriarch of the ancient clan, he did have the qualifications to bid with other powerhouses, but it was inevitable that the ancient clan would be swayed by the ancient clan afterwards. Many elders pointed and pointed, so Xiao Yan naturally wouldn't make it so difficult for Xun'er.

"Forbidden Art Scroll, the auction of Heaven's Sad Rainbow, starts now!"

"It's still the same old rules!"

"Reminder, although this water attribute, it is possible to cultivate whether it is water. The difference in attributes is only for the restraint relationship in the forbidden technique, so everyone can buy it with confidence."

"If there is any problem with the Forbidden Technique Scroll, our Medicine Clan will take full responsibility!" The time was ripe to watch, and the atmosphere in the auction hall had reached its peak, Yaoyun continued.

"As the pavilion master of Xiayunhuang Pavilion, my pavilion is willing to exchange a piece of 10,000-year-old black iron for this thing." As soon as he finished speaking, a middle-aged man stood up directly behind Xiao Yan and the others with a smile on his face.

"Ten thousand years of deep-sea black iron?"

"This thing exists in the tens of thousands of meters under the deep sea, where the level of danger is comparable to that of some powerhouses of the first level of reincarnation."

"Sisi." Seeing the middle-aged man speak, the focus of the immediate presence also moved closer to him.

"The Yunhuang Pavilion is also similar to the Xiyue Sect, and its status is only second to the top forces of the ancient race." Xun'er pouted.

"A Mysterious Yellow Mother Stone." At this time, Elder Lei Qianren, a strong man of the Thunder Clan, stood up and raised his hand at the same time.

"As expected of an ancient race, it is so bold as soon as it is shot."

"Xuanhuang mother stone, this is the treasure qi used by some strong people to temper the flesh. A trace of Xuanhuang qi is extremely difficult to find on weekdays, not to mention the source of Xuanhuang qi, Xuanhuang mother stone."

"It seems that Lei Qianren of the Lei Clan is determined to take this thing into his pocket." Whispers rang out, but most of them can only choose to look up. In terms of sports, it is not enough to have bidding chips. There must be enough power, otherwise it will just be self-defeating.

"Haha, Lei Qianren's reputation is like thunder, but this thing, my Yan clan also liked it."

"..." A series of shocking auction chips and items emerged one after another, making this place a treasure appraisal meeting for a while, and there was clearly no trace of an auction.

"Since all of you are so elegant, why don't you just take the bidding chips and step into the gate of light around you and show it to the old man. After a few minutes, the old man will team up with the elder pavilion to give the final winner, which will speed up the auction." In the lively and noisy scene in the field, Yao Xuanyi said, obviously if these hundreds of voices were reported by one person, I am afraid that they would have to go to the year of the monkey and the month of the horse.

"Okay!" Listening to Yao Xuanyi's opening, many powerful people responded one after another. One jumped into it, and the entire auction hall became quiet. to read

The remaining guys obviously don't have the qualifications to bid with the ancient race, but they also want to take a closer look at the last auction item, so they stay here.

"Are you Xiao Yan?" After a while, Xiao Yan and Xun'er sat on their seats, the younger generation and the old people of the five ancient clans around disappeared at the same time, leaving only a beautiful figure, slowly facing Xiao Yan come over.

"Anything with me?" Xiao Yan was at a loss, he didn't remember what he had to do with this Spirit Race woman.

"En?" Seeing this, Xun'er also stared at Xiao Yan with a small face.

"Hello, my name is Lingzixi." The Qianying woman ignored Xun'er and spoke directly to Xiao Yan, her slender hand shining with white raindrops like flower dew, and she smiled sweetly at Xiao Yan. .

"Hello, Xiao Xun'er." Before Xiao Yan could make a move, Xun'er stood up, an embarrassed but polite smile accompanied the smile, and the two palms slowly clasped together.

"I think your strength is not bad, plus the other tribes are quite hostile to you, but in the medicine clan festival, we may be able to cooperate." After speaking, he went straight back to his seat.

"What a strange guy." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

"The elders of the five ancient clans plus the younger generation behind them should be the real opponents of Brother Xiao Yan's grand ceremony soon."

"Don't underestimate them. Although their strength is about the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, their combat power is terrifying, and even the refining technology makes countless people fear them." Xun'er nodded solemnly.

"Okay, Mrs. Wife." When Xiao Yan heard this, he smiled casually. With the existence of Xun'er's backbone, Xiao Yan felt a lot more relaxed.

"Hey!" With a sound, the entire auction hall became agitated, and immediately many of the powerhouses who had just poured into it also returned to the auction hall one after another. This time, the auction of the forbidden art scroll has already achieved results.

"I hope you won't let me down." Just after returning here, the figures who were all participating in the auction couldn't help but look forward to it.

They have given Yao Xuanyi all the chips they can come up with for appraisal, and the final result will be revealed soon.

"Everyone, don't be impatient, wait for the Elder Pavilion to decide the most suitable bidder." Looking at the excited atmosphere in the venue, Yaoyun said creaking. "With a sound, the auction platform squirmed in the void, and Yao Xuanyi's figure also appeared.

"After the repeated decisions of our Elder Pavilion, the final winner of this forbidden technique scroll is the Yan Clan's ancestor Yanyun." A smile slowly emerged, and the entire auction hall suddenly became boiling!

"This old **** actually chose the treasure of the Yan clan in the end..."

"In order to cultivate the younger generation in the medicine, I am afraid that some unique treasures of the Yan clan are needed..." For a time, the other strong men could only say a few angry words, and then the breath subsided, after all, the ancient race Yan clan was strong , they don't have that bear-hearted leopard dare to do something wrong.

"Haha, thank you old friend Yaoxuanyi." Ancestor Yanyun heard the words and said directly.

"Okay, the auction of the fourth auction item is over. Is it time to bid for the finale of this auction?" Suddenly, Yaoyun's voice mobilized the voices of many strong people present.

What will this last auction item be?