Chapter Vol 4 2143: 5 Winged Angel's Might vs Taishang Elder...

"Boom!"

The eight ferocious and unusual attacks directly burned the entire holy city, making the temperature here extremely hot, and even because of such a terrifying confrontation, an extremely dangerous black hole vortex appeared in the sky where the sky was fighting.

The black hole vortex is like a ferocious devil, ruthlessly devouring all living beings in this world, and at its center, the power of divine brilliance is extraordinarily brilliant, and for a while it has the momentum of faintly suppressing the attacks of other people. .

The eight attacks suddenly shattered and exploded in the black hole vortex, and an earth-shattering sound erupted. The dazzling energy made the entire black hole vortex extremely distorted.

Even if they were separated by thousands of meters, the bursts of cold on their skin, the hair standing on end, the cold sweat, and the extreme depression above their hearts, all proved the attack of the eight people together. How strong is it!

"Boom!"

The black hole vortex is extremely distorted, and even if the dazzling energy inside explodes completely, at the same time, the angel wings behind Black are completely formed!

The five purple angel wings are exposed, and each angel wing contains an extremely magical and divine aura, which sets off its entire body like an angel symbolizing the mansion of the gods!

"Bang bang bang!"

The destructive power possessed by the eight attacks was enough to completely collapse the world, but at the moment of the explosion, it was suddenly wrapped up by the angel wings behind Black.

The seemingly terrifying black hole vortex and the power contained within it are as ridiculous as a toy in front of Angel Wings.

"Whoa!"

The sound of muffled thunder sounded, and five purple angel wings swayed slightly behind Black. At the same time, the mighty black hole vortex of destruction collapsed in an instant without any warning.

With the blocking and isolation of Black's Angel Wings, the black hole vortex did not produce any destructive energy, and it easily turned into countless threads of light, falling down.

"..."

The body of the eight people quickly retreated, and there was a look of disbelief in their eyes.

"Dirty ants, feel the wrath of the angels!"

Blake's laughter was full of disdain, and the five angel wings behind him stirred up, and a monstrous holy light condensed out from his angel wings like a shooting star.

However, the three and two angel wings on the left and right behind Blake are extremely twisted and ugly, so the reason for the imbalance of energy makes his body one higher and the other lower.

But even so, it can't hide the supreme power of the world in Blake's body!

"Weng Om Om!" The holy light meteors condensed, and suddenly it was like a dimensional shock wave, sending out countless blades of light, blasting directly at Xiao Yan and the others!

"Next, leave it to us."

Feeling the extremely terrifying impact blade above the holy light meteor, an old voice emerged.

An attack of this level is definitely not something that their Eight-Star Fighting Immortal Perfection can handle!

"Crack!"

The void in front of Gu Yuan was directly torn apart, and a sturdy old man stepped out, with a flicker of murderous intent in his eyes, and at the same time he waved his palm heavily.

The sudden scene caused the extremely terrifying impacting meteor and the surrounding void to collapse.

"Gu Xingtian?"

Looking at this scene, Blake exclaimed in surprise.

"Blake, I haven't seen you for a long time. Your attack is really getting tougher."

Gu Xingtian stepped out, and a mysterious wave swept out, making the entire holy city quiet, and countless energy aftermath fell down.

"And us."

After the breath, in the void behind Gu Xingtian, six figures emerged together. The fluctuations on these guys are all good, that is the power of reincarnation!

"Are the seven Supreme Elders of the ancient race..."

Looking at the seven people in front of him, Blake didn't have any fear in his heart, and even had an indescribable excitement!

With the power of reincarnation, he used the power of reincarnation to cast the wings of angels with one hand, naturally to force these supreme elders out.

The Supreme Elder is already the last reliance of these guys, and their hopes must be stifled, so as to suppress the trial of the demon of light. With the help of the situation of death and no life, there is a chance to lead the demon emperor!

All of this is within his own calculations!

"Five angel purple wings."

"It seems that your soul has also become dirty."

Gu Xingtian looked at Blake with angel wings in the sky, and a fierce smile appeared on his cheeks, which made him extremely uncomfortable.

"I haven't seen you for a long time. I didn't expect you to break through to the second-level realm. It really surprised me."

Blake's eyes changed, and a terrifying attack was slowly brewing.

"Your strength... also improved a lot."

"This time, let's compete again!"

Gu Xingtian's voice was like thunder, resounding throughout the world, and the terrifying coercion caused some weak people to lose their combat effectiveness.

"Angel Holy Hand!"

Blake didn't intend to talk nonsense with these Supreme Elders. With a loud shout, terrifying attacks followed.

Blake's palm suddenly grabbed the void in front of him, and the energy in the holy city tumbled violently, the luster between the heavens and the earth dimmed instantly, and strands of holy light quickly condensed away from his palm.

The holy hand of the angel, pure white and flawless, contains a supreme divine aura. It gathers directly on Blake's right hand. Between the milky white patterns squirming, it seems that there are endless angelic Sanskrit sounds spreading out, which is indescribably light and quiet. .

What's even more strange is that on the holy hand of the angel, a shadow of the angel's soul is reflected!

"The twist of space!"

In the face of Blake's level of ultimate move, Gu Xingtian roared, and exerted his spatial attributes to the extreme, with an ancient silver luster on his hands, sticking out together!

In an instant, a thousand-meter silver vortex suddenly formed in front of Gu Xingtian, with unparalleled terrifying and chilling power, directly facing Black!

Blake let out a gloomy laugh, the angel's wings were stirred, and the whole body boiled like the sun, and the speed was as fast as a ghost.

"Bang bang bang!"

The dazzling sacred halo lingered on the holy hand in the sky, directly submerging into the silver vortex, countless space forces penetrated the angel's soul shadow, but it did not cause any substantial damage to it Instead, the corner of Black's mouth The smile above is even crazier!

"It seems... the so-called double reincarnation is not so terrifying."

The holy hand of the angel quietly exploded, and the boundless divine energy directly turned the silver vortex displayed by Gu Xingtian upside down, and there were faint signs of collapse.

"Pfft!"

Gu Xingtian's body abruptly retreated several hundred meters, the strong bright aura made the aura in his body float violently, his throat was dry, and a smear of scarlet blood slowly overflowed from the corner of his mouth.

"Boom!"

Immediately, inside the silver vortex, countless rays of light burst out, piercing the vortex with many holes. After a while, under the gaze of countless people, the silver vortex suddenly shattered.

"How can it be……"

Seeing that Gu Xingtian, who was as arrogant as a double reincarnation, was seriously injured without even taking a single move from Black, Xiao Yan's eight people, including the six Supreme Elders who had just appeared, looked extremely nervous.

Their eyes exuded endless gloom, and they stared at Blake, who was shining brightly in the sky.

At this moment, a rare horror haunts my heart.

It seems that when facing Black, all the power in front of him seems to be just as small and powerless as dust.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: