Chapter Vol 4 1711: Get out!

"How is it possible..." Looking at the sky that appeared out of thin air, a look of disbelief flashed in Bai Ruoqian's beautiful eyes.

The dark green fog poison barrier is the source of Bai Ruoqian's painstaking practice for hundreds of years. He used the power of the source to obliterate Xiao Yan, but also to eliminate some unnecessary troubles, but now the dark green fog poison barrier is covered by a completely clear and transparent water color. Sky curtain, completely blocked!

At this time, Xiao Yan and the two were wrapped, and the space of hundreds of meters around the body was filled with a water-liquid sky with terrifying power. Countless pure and transparent water sources formed a huge spiritual screen that could isolate the erosion of all things, like a sky-screen. Completely protect the two of them, and even the dark green poisonous fog and poisonous mist are retreating.

"What a terrifying defense." The side was worried about Xiao Yan's quiet ears, but it was difficult to speak. I am afraid that this level of defense cannot be defeated by eight-star fighting immortals. The numerous treasures, and even such tyrannical defenses, really surprised You Er.

"This is... the breath of the dragon race?"

"How can you, a human being, have the power of a dragon?"

"You little guy, it's getting more and more interesting." As soon as he finished speaking, Bai Ruoqian's figure disappeared and was drowned in the dark green poisonous mist. The barrier is like a poisonous snake that contains highly poisonous poison. Once it is touched in the slightest, I am afraid that the two of them will fall here completely.

In the final analysis, with the strength of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal early stage, Xiao Yan wanted to deal with a seven-star Fighting Immortal-level mourner too reluctantly.

"This guy is too strong, it seems that he can only retreat temporarily." Seeing this scene, Xiao Yan was also unable to shake his head.

As Bai Ruoqian merged into the poison barrier, those dark green mists seemed to have a look at life. They did not continuously impact on the water-liquid sky, but stood quietly aside, as if waiting for something. .

"This guy is too cunning. If things go on like this, it's probably us who will fall." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel no joy, instead a heavy feeling appeared in his heart.

In the pattern of Dominance given to Xiao Yan by the third transformation of the Dragon God, although there is an incomparably tyrannical defensive fighting skill, Xiao Yan knows that although this water-based defensive fighting skill is tyrannical, with the strength of Xiao Yan today, it can support It didn't take long, and Xiao Yan knew the strength of the mourners. Once there was no protection from the sky, let alone Bai Ruoqian's fighting strength, just those dark green poisonous barriers could easily kill both of them. Time frowned.

"Two little guys, just wait here for a month, why do you have to do so much extra resistance?" Bai Ruoqian, who was hidden in the fog of the poison barrier, kept speaking, and seemed not to be in a hurry. Humans have entered, and there are also daring people like Xiao Yan, Bai Ruoqian naturally wants to chat more, so he teases them along the way.

Otherwise, as the mourner of this fellow, once the power in his body exploded completely, Xiao Yan would be more fortunate than fortune.

"Follow me for a while, we only have one chance." After a little deep voice, Xiao Yan also had a solution in his heart.

Space shuttle handprint.

This is Xiao Yan's last resort so far. After all, at the moment when the sky is broken, if Bai Ruoqian can hesitate for a while, then the two of them can escape from here, otherwise they can only use all their strength here.

"Hey!" With a loud voice, the sky curtain composed of surging water actually slowly subsided, and the area and defense power were greatly weakened, which was obviously due to the lack of vindictiveness.

"Finally... Are you starting to get discouraged?" Looking at the gradually weakening sky, Bai Ruoqian's laughter filled the air.

"Not good!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly increased the delivery of Dou Qi in his hands, but at this time Xiao Yan was already sweating profusely, and the sky was still receding at a speed visible to the naked eye.

"The power of the poison barrier, bewitching!" Seeing that the sky was getting weaker and weaker, Bai Ruoqian snorted without any hesitation, and the dark green poison barrier instantly turned into a ferocious dragon, roaring away at Xiao Yan, watching It looks like he wants to obliterate Xiao Yan here.

"The source of the soul!" Looking at this scene, before Xiao Yan was ready, the quiet ear screamed, and the colorless and transparent soul power filled out, actually temporarily blocking the progress of the poison barrier dragon.

"You..." Looking at You Er's actions in front of him, Xiao Yan felt a little astonished.

The source of the soul, this will have an impact on one's own origin. If the source of the soul is used, I am afraid that the power of the soul will not be able to improve in the future.

"Space shuttle handprints!" The sky curtain disappeared instantly, a terrifying poison barrier filled the void, and the pressure on Xiao Yan and You Er greatly increased, but Xiao Yan knew the current situation, gritted his teeth, and the handprints changed rapidly.

"Boom!" With a sound, the space shook, and a door to the void appeared directly in front of the two of them.

"you go first!"

"Quick!" The door to the void just appeared, and Xiao Yan hurriedly spoke to You Er.

You Er has used too many methods here, Xiao Yan is a big man, nothing will break her.

"Pfft!" With a sound, You Er pierced directly into the gate of the void.

"She's gone, then you can stay with me." Bai Ruoqian didn't expect that Xiao Yan was still proficient in the law of space. Looking at the disappearing You Er, he couldn't help saying.

"It's not good, it's too late!" Seeing Bai Ruoqian suddenly appearing on the top of the dark green poisonous dragon outside, attacking him in the form of a thunderbolt, Xiao Yan's heart was filled with shock.

"Four fingers in the sky!"

"Three punches of good fortune!"

"..."

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!"

"Bang bang bang!" A series of fighting skills came out Immediately, Xiao Yan couldn't care about anything else, and his speed skyrocketed and flew towards the gate of the void. No matter it was too late, he could not give up the last chance. , even if the chance is slim! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Die, little guy."

"You have a good human body. After you die, you will turn into a ghost, so that you can stay with me forever." The poison barrier dragon easily swayed its tail, and all Xiao Yan's attacks turned into nothingness, and immediately faced Xiao Yan And go.

"Damn it...it's just a little bit!" The gate of the void was close to his eyes, but Xiao Yan knew that it was too late. On the palm of his hand, three-color flames emerged, and immediately touched his forehead slightly, with an indescribable terrifying wave. , like a giant dragon, slowly waking up.

"Hoohoho!" The next moment, just as Xiao Yan was about to cast his clan mark and Bai Ruoqian was about to attack Xiao Yan, a green figure suddenly emerged from the gate of the void, and immediately transformed into a huge wolf shape The energy phantom roared away at Bai Ruoqian.

"Who is it?" Bai Ruoqian thought that the victory was in his hands, but where did he think of such a strange scene, he was instantly dispelled by the wolf-shaped energy phantom, and the poisonous dragon disappeared without a trace.

"Pfft!" Xiao Yan rushed into the gate of the void in an instant, and silence was restored here.

"Such a tyrannical demonic energy, I am afraid it is the tyrannical Eight-star Fighting Immortal, but how could the overlord of the demon world appear in our Lihun Territory..." Bai Ruoqian could only helplessly shake her head.

At this moment, the red sign on the southernmost side was almost safe, but still no place for the retreat of Lord Li Soul was found. It is probably less than a month away from the successful retreat of Lord Li Soul. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://