Chapter Vol 4 1985: The ancients are sick, the imprisoned Gu Yuan? ...

"The will is good, but it's a pity that the initial strength of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal is too weak." The middle-aged man slowly raised his hand, and the countless water curtains around him turned into water pillars, facing Xiao Yan who was on the reef with the power of lightning. Blast away.

Their guardians are naturally to defeat and block these peak breakers, so every time they attack, they will leave no room.

"Good come!"

"Fighting Soul!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly when he saw this, and a huge fire attribute Dou Qi emerged, accompanied by a phantom of the undead King of the Nether Sparrow!

The gigantic soul shadow of the King of Undead Sparrows was on Xiao Yan's body, and an extreme sense of heaviness permeated, and even the fiery red big celestial seed Feiyan echoed the power of the King of Undead Sparrows, bringing Xiao Yan together. The body set off like a strange red-gray appearance.

"Fighting Soul?" The middle-aged man was slightly surprised. Obviously, the tyranny of the fighting soul was obvious to all, but in the entire Great Thousand World, there were very few strong people who were willing to take the time to hunt.

"嘁偁嘁!" The soul shadow of the King of the Undead Sparrows fluttered his wings as if he had spirituality, and the countless bird feathers behind him fluttered and fell off. The red-gray flames intertwined on them, and instantly roared away at the countless water columns.

"Boom boom boom!" The two touched, setting off an earth-shattering explosion in mid-air, and the scorching temperature dropped the temperature of the entire sea area unconsciously increased a lot.

"Oh..." Seeing Xiao Yan's sharp response, the middle-aged man couldn't help but smile.

He has been guarding the sixth peak for hundreds of years, and he has read countless people, but he has never met a guy as smart as Xiao Yan, and he couldn't help but become interested for a while.

After all, if Xiao Yan became a member of the ancient clan by breaking through the barriers, even if he could not become a core member, but according to his talent, his achievements in the future would be limitless. On the other hand, these peak guards would also gain a lot of benefits.

"Senior, let's be honest, this junior came to the ancient clan this time, not to join the ancient clan, but to find someone." Seeing the cherishing of talent in the pupils of the middle-aged old man, Xiao Yan also stopped. , asked.

The tyrannical power of the soul allows Xiao Yan to clearly detect some subtle changes in the hearts of others.

The middle-aged man's name is Gu Qingfeng.

"Looking for someone?" Gu Qingfeng heard the words, his expression darkened, and he asked with some doubts.

The ancient clan has been closed for a long time and has not been in contact with the outside world. This guy actually said that he was looking for someone?

"Junior came here to find a senior named Gu Yuan. I don't know if Senior Gu Qingfeng knows?" Xiao Yan continued.

Originally, Xiao Yan was going to ask Xun'er directly, but after weighing it, he retreated and asked for it, and this is the scene.

"Gu Yuan?"

"Boy, who are you Gu Yuan?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, Gu Qingfeng was shocked and lost his voice.

"Gu Yuan is my father's friend. I came here to pick them up." Xiao Yan said, but vaguely sensed something wrong from Gu Qingfeng's strangeness.

"Boy, I originally missed your talent and wanted you to join the ancient clan, but you have bad intentions. If that's the case, then you can only die." After the breath, the smile on Gu Qingfeng's face softened. It subsided slowly, replaced by a strong killing intent.

"Senior, what are you?" Xiao Yan obviously sensed something, but the play was naturally going to be a full set, so he couldn't help but be surprised.

"What you are asking is the top secret of the ancients, those are not things you should know."

"Okay, it's time for you to hit the road." As soon as the voice fell, Gu Qingfeng's body was surrounded by waves and ripples, and a dazzling attack was brewing.

"Are you quasi-immortal art... But it's useless to me." Seeing this, Xiao Yan waved his big hand, and the fiery red flames on his body were instantly replaced by amber flames. Immediately, a strong aura that surpassed heaven and earth emerged.

"Holy...Holy Flame?"

"The late stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals?" Gu Qingfeng said in a trembling voice, seeing the changes in Xiao Yan's body in front of him.

"Tell me, where are Gu Yuan and Gu Xun'er now?" Xiao Yan was at a height below zero, and the Holy Flame Realm completely wrapped this place to prevent any power from spilling out.

"Gu... Gu Yuan is now imprisoned."

"Not only Gu Yuan, but even all the henchmen of Gu Xun'er's master, Peidai Tiandi and others, are now under house arrest in the 'ancient prison'." At this moment, the majestic fighting spirit in Gu Qingfeng's body dissipated, Said with trembling hands.

"What about her?" Xiao Yan frowned, obviously with a trace of anger, the amber flame on his body twisted violently, as if he could easily end his life at any time.

"Gu Xun'er is very talented, but it hasn't appeared since entering the Holy Land a few years ago. I don't know if he is inheriting the power of inheritance or..." Gu Qingfeng felt that he was so close to death for the first time, it seemed that Xiao Yan The amber flame on his body is enough to easily destroy his body and spirit.

"Is there any way to go to the Holy Land or enter the 'ancient prison'?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Entering the Holy Land requires the keys of the three elders of the clan. If you want to steal it, it may be more difficult than ascending to the sky, but you can go to the 'ancient prison', because the peerless Heavenly Emperor controls another way to enter the Holy Land."

"It's just..." At this moment, Gu Qingfeng also seemed to be hesitant to say anything.

"Just what?" Xiao Yan's soul power has been watching Gu Qingfeng's soul and found that there has been no change, so he believes what he said, otherwise once a normal human lies, there will be slight fluctuations in soul power .

"Today's ancient clan is no longer as tyrannical as it used to be... It seems to be sick." Gu Qingfeng said in a strange way, and his voice was full of gloomy meaning.

"Sick?" Xiao Yan murmured, but he turned out to be somewhat unconvinced.

Among the ancients, there are reincarnation powerhouses in charge. Who would dare to have some other ideas for such a behemoth?

"Yes, the ancients are sick."

"Actually, the patriarch of the ancient clan and the elders in the clan were quite caring for Gu Yuan and others at first, but after they returned from running errands, their temperament changed drastically."

"After they came back, they released a series of extremely absurd clan rules. Immediately, many direct descendants in the clan were imprisoned in ancient prisons, and the whereabouts and behavior of the patriarch and the elders seemed to have changed." Gu Qingfeng He said intermittently, his voice full of doubts.

"Then you?" Xiao Yan said as if he remembered something.

"The clansmen in the ancient world and the strong people in the clan, those who disobeyed the orders of the patriarch were imprisoned in the ancient prison, and they will be released after a long time. Whether it is strength or temperament, it is like a different person. As for where we are in Outside the ancient world, there is no impact." Gu Qingfeng said.

"It seems that this ancient clan may have gotten into something unclean." Xiao Yan heard the words, nodded slowly, the demon cube inside his body actually became greedy, it seems that there is something in this ancient world that is as evil as it is. breath.

That kind of aura can only be possessed by a true alien race.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: