Chapter 163: Taoist boy!

Yueru and the others also returned to their residence after the test under the guidance of Xiao Hei. Although Yueru was worried about Xiao Yan, she did not go to look for him.

"Here we are, this is your residence." Xiao Yan followed Mo Chen to a rather luxurious room. After Mo Chen finished speaking, he also explained Xiao Yan a few words and disappeared.

Xiao Yan found that the place where he lived seemed to be different from other people's. Other people's ones didn't seem to be so luxurious. It was just because he used too much soul power and mental power when testing his soul talent before, and then he didn't have time to think about it, he lay on the bed and rested. .

A day passed quickly, Xiao Yan woke up early on this day, and Mo Chen said that there was a market next to where they lived, and they could go to trade if they needed anything, so Xiao Yan's purpose today Right here, close the door and head towards the downtown where they live.

On the desolate downtown alleys, all kinds of shouts are endless, some selling medicine, some selling weapons. A figure came from a distance, and it didn't take long before he walked to an attic.

Taking a closer look, it was a boy. He was about 20 or 30 years old, dressed as a blue scholar, very handsome.

A pair of eyes are as clear as water, bright as mirrors, full of energy, very attractive.

The first impression this young man gives is that of a weak scholar, he just doesn't know where he came from.

This person was actually Xiao Yan, and his destination was naturally the downtown area.

In order not to let others see him, he also pretended, so Xiao Yan just dressed up and went to the downtown. One is to collect some intelligence, and the other is to purchase some necessary things, such as medicinal materials.

Taking a look at the tea shop next to him, Xiao Yan walked over slowly with a smile on his face.

Most of the tea shops are places where idlers talk the most, and a lot of information can be collected here.

The tea shop is very simple, with more than ten broken tables and some simple but clean stools. The old shop owner is an old man in his sixties, with a face of vicissitudes.

Xiao Yan looked around. There were also two people drinking tea here at this time. The most striking one was a young man in a torn Taoist robe. He was about the same age as Xiao Yan.

"Be careful, this person's aura is a little weird." The voice of his master Jin Longwang suddenly resounded in his heart.

Hearing that Xiao Yan was also driven by curiosity, and was going to investigate this dao-robed boy, but with Xiao Yan's strength he couldn't see through this dao-robed boy, and he quietly used his soul power, but found that he couldn't investigate, and he thought about it. There was something on his body that blocked Xiao Yan's investigation.

It seemed that he felt Xiao Yan's investigation, and the young man in Taoist robe also looked at Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan couldn't care less, he found a table and sat down, looked at the shopkeeper and asked, "Little Er, serve a good pot of tea, and order something to eat."

"Dele." A lean young man also agreed.

"Use it objectively and slowly, and the food will come right away." Several of the shop assistants in the breathing room also put the tea on Xiao Yan's table, and then prepared to get the food. .

As soon as Xiao Yan's words came out, the young man in a torn robe immediately turned his head to look at Xiao Yan with a strange smile on his face.

I saw that the young man jumped to Xiao Yan's side and sat down. He cracked his mouth and said with a smile: "Meeting is fate, let's make friends." After speaking, he smiled.

Xiao Yan looked at him with a smile on his face and a naughty expression, like a child who had not grown up, very likable.

At this time, the old shop owner on the side also noticed Xiao Yan, and then said: "This young man, looking at your talented outfit, you must have gone to the sect of Xuantian Santian to cultivate? That is a It's a good place, the people who joined those sects in previous years have all become useful talents."

"Every year we have a lot of people from all over the place gather here, and then conduct a selection to compete for some powerful characters." After finishing talking, some snacks were also placed on Xiao Yan's table. Those sects of the three days are also quite respectful.

Watching the shopkeeper leave, Xiao Yan smiled and said, "Who is your Excellency?"

"Hey hey, you don't need to worry about who I am, anyway, I know you are here to participate in the selection, right?" The dao robed boy decided immediately.

"Oh, are you too?" Xiao Yan didn't refuse. After all, it wasn't a shameful thing to participate in the selection, so he didn't hide it too much.

When the little Taoist priest on the side heard it, he quickly said, "In that case we would be competitors, but this doesn't prevent us from making friends. After all, we might be able to help each other..."

"By the way, what's your name, my name is Mu Feng, how about it, isn't it a good name?" After speaking, he looked at Xiao Yan, waiting for him to answer.

Xiao Yan glanced at him and said with a smile, "My name is Yan Xiao, hello, Mu Feng, your name is very good and very loud."

"Nice to meet you, but I'm new to the ramp, can you tell me what happened to the trials?"

Hearing the approval of others, Mu Feng also smiled and said, "Yan Xiao, I'm also very happy to meet you."

"Then you are asking the right person. As for the so-called trial, I heard that it is a points system, and I don't know the specifics. After the fifth-level talent is announced tomorrow, the trial will be divided according to the fifth-level talent. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com”

"By the way, how long can you expect to achieve this test?"

"And you came to participate in the trials this time, and you went to Xuan three days to learn something. I went to learn their swordsmanship of slaying demons and slaying demons. Hehe, I heard that the Taoism there is amazing." His eyes lit up, as if he had learned a stunt.

"Don't force any talent, just do whatever you want." Xiao Yan was obviously a little troubled by this sudden series of questions. He didn't expect that this was the first time he met this robed boy so politely, but Xiao Yan also responded to Mu Feng's question. .

Xiao Yan tasted the tea in his hands lightly, looked into the distance, and said softly: "I went to Xuan San San, just to go there because of the fame, and want to see the strong people there and some peculiar humanities, as for what to learn, when the time comes. It depends."

Mu Feng rolled his eyes and said with a smile, "I heard that there are a lot of swordsmanship there. If you learn some powerful fighting skills like this, and then learn some swordsmanship, maybe you can become a knight."

"That's fine too."

"I have to say goodbye beforehand." Xiao Yan also found that Mu Feng was a little annoying, so he threw a few copper coins and found an excuse to escape.

"This person's aura seems to be a little obscure, but I can feel it, this is a formidable opponent..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I don't know how many of the fifth-level talents can be ranked?" Seeing Yan Xiao leave, Mu Feng also changed his smile.