Chapter Vol 4 1838: Demon servant, Lin Fengya!

At this moment, in the Tianyuan Mountains, the sound of battle explosions continued to emerge, and bursts of gunpowder smoke filled the air.

Above the sky, the power in the remaining seven elders was also dying under the attack of Soul Wuji.

"Prince, this is not the way to go. We will be consumed by Soul Wuji sooner or later." At this time, the Seven Star Fighting Immortal above the three dragon corpses, constantly resisting Soul Wuji's sinister power, the power of ghosts, said.

"Shut up!" Lin Fengya heard the words, his heart became strange, and his face became hideous.

"Boom!" As Lin Fengya hesitated, the black coffin under his feet suddenly shattered.

"How is it possible..." At this moment, Lin Fengya's heart was stabbed fiercely.

After all, the father is the father, and he deserves to be a strong man in the name of the emperor. His own conspiracy was actually seen through by him. It seems that all this is under the control of the emperor.

"Lin Fengya, you lost."

"I lost completely." Soul Wuji stood on top of the dragon's corpse, and said with a tone of contempt for the world.

"Do not!"

"I didn't lose!"

"You are the loser!"

"Soul Wuji, since you covet the territory of the tens of thousands of common people in my Tianxing Continent, even if this prince dies, he will never let you succeed."

"Guru!" Without any hesitation, the half-ripe Devil Fruit on the palm of the hand was directly lifted up by it, like the last bit of faith of a fanatical and devout believer.

"I didn't have time to feel it when I was in the devil's lair. I'm also a little curious about the devil." Even though Lin Fengya's desperate move, Soul Wuji was not afraid.

The complete strength of the dignified Seven Star Fighting Immortals is enough to make him have the capital to look down on the heroes.

"You will regret this."

"Then let's try." After the conversation between the two, Lin Fengya did not hesitate, raised his palm, put the Devil Fruit directly in his mouth, and stirred violently.

"..." At this moment, the thunderclouds above the sky were still bursting with thunder, and there was no sound from the rest.

"It seems that Gamma lied to you, but it doesn't matter. Before long, I will personally send him down to accompany you."

"So, Your Royal Highness, it's time for you to hit the road!"

"Susu!" An eerie and eerie voice emerged from Soul Wuji's mouth. Immediately, the sleeves of the black robe waved, and a path of eerie power appeared beside him like a stormy sea.

That feeling is like a real king surrounded by countless ghosts and ghosts, looking down at Lin Fengya with contempt.

"Is this... the end of the day?" Looking at the extremely terrifying power around Soul Wuji, the expressions of the seven elders became dim.

"No matter what, Lin Fengya is the prince of our Tianxing Continent, and he must not fall here."

"As for the fault he put down, let the emperor decide everything!"

"Go!"

"Dawn compass!" The seven elders glanced at each other, and there was a rare determination in their eyes. After the breath, a green light glowed on the body, burning like a flame.

"Boom!" After the blink of an eye, a huge compass that spanned the entire sky enveloped everyone's bodies, and the terrifying aura contained in the compass was enough to make people feel truly heartbroken.

"Strong defense, but a pity!"

"Magic dog!" Soul Wuji snorted coldly, on the ground, a bottomless black hole vortex was squirming, and suddenly a magic dog from **** still stepped out, and a roar resounded through the nine days, venting Its endless rage.

"Hoohoho!" With a sound, the magic dog waved its limbs, opened its **** mouth, and suddenly gnawed away at the defense!

With one mouth and one bite, the indestructible defensive compass was actually bitten by a conspicuous gap.

"Shadow Tide!"

"It's over!" Seeing this, Soul Wuji snorted coldly, and the countless gloomy roars all over his body carried the terrifying power that eroded all things, turned into a wave of tides, and completely spread over the sky.

At this time, countless dark thunderclouds in the sky trembled violently, as if they were afraid of something, countless gloomy ghosts, screaming and screaming filled the entire sky. At this moment, the sky above the Tianyuan Mountains was no different from hell.

"Boom!" The defensive compass was constantly being bitten by the devil dog. In addition to the blow of Soul Wuji's best efforts, it became vaguely fragmented. I am afraid that after a few breaths, it will completely vanish.

"Ah ah ah!" At this critical moment, Lin Fengya's pupils shrank tightly, and a heart-piercing pain filled his heart, he couldn't help floating in the void, holding his head in his hands, Tears dripped from the pupils, and bloodshots continued to overflow down the nose and ears. That kind of appearance was extremely miserable and scary.

"Prince?" At this time, Uncle Lin couldn't help but control the dragon corpse and came towards Lin Fengya.

"Boom!" When Uncle Lin's figure was just a few meters close to Lin Fengya, Lin Fengya suddenly raised his head, took a big mouth and swallowed it into his body in an instant!

"This beast!" Seeing this, the other seven elders and the remaining two strong men standing above the dragon corpse cursed in a low voice, because with Lin Fengya's swallow like this, Uncle Lin's breath suddenly disappeared!

"Blood and blood... I want it!" At this moment, Lin Fengya's pupils slowly turned towards dark green, and even the long black hair on his body was growing like a twig, full of evil intentions. .

"Puchi!" With a big mouth, a dark green vortex suddenly appeared, and many strong men were immediately surrounded by Soul Wuji, without any extra resistance was easily swallowed by Lin Fengya In the belly, it creaked and stirred.

"嘁嘁嘁." For a while, Lin Fengya, who was suspended in the void in front of him, was like a man-eating demon. It was just a tide of ten thousand souls that was trying his best. When he came into contact with Lin Fengya, he was caught by him. Zhou's dark green energy and dark green evil hair were easily cracked.

"Boom!" As Lin Fengya devoured all the remaining ten people, after all the blood of the bones was stirred, his eyes and breath became unfathomable, and his body was wrapped in a dark green blood mist, extremely sinister.

"Soul Wuji, this time, after all, I won."

"It's going to be completely submerged here." After a while, Lin Fengya used only the last shred of rationality, and left a very cold sentence, and immediately disappeared.

In front of Lin Fengya, his soul has been destroyed. With the addition of the increase of the ten seven-star fighting immortals just now, he is now infinitely close to the real demon. However, Lin Fengya failed to control the demon in the end, so he became the servant of the demon. Became a stepping stone to welcome the coming of the devil.

"Is this... the human world?" At this moment, the dark green demonic evil pupil glanced around, like a newborn baby, full of curiosity and unknown about everything.

"What kind of monster is this..." Soul Wuji, and the devil dog below, all felt an unprecedented oppression from the understatement of this demon!

That kind of oppression is like a mountain of hundreds of thousands of catties pressing on their hearts, and the oppression it brings is not inferior to the real Eight-star Fighting Immortal!

At this moment, the war situation has turned around!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.