Chapter Vol 4 1297: Follow!

With the end of the top 100 advancing to the top 50, the entire mountain range has also quieted down. Obviously, the remaining 50 strong people are also trying to grasp the information they have obtained during the ten days of rest, so as to be able to The top nine places in the promotion are bound to be won.

And this time, in the blink of an eye, five days have passed.

In five days, the two daughters Yu Ran Ran and Yu Wei also lived their lives out of the simple dwelling. Obviously, they were also carefully preparing for the rest of the competition. As for Xiao Yan, while meditating, he waited for the movement of the man in black.

In the middle of the night on the fifth day, Xiao Yan, who was standing quietly on the bed, suddenly opened his eyes and murmured, "After five days, can you finally bear it?"

Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and it was obvious that the Fire Heart Tianyan flame that was entrusted in the body of the man in black was moving slowly.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan didn't stop there either, a black robe directly covered his body completely, then gently pushed open the door, and chased after the man in black according to the flame he left behind. Through a specific soul power, He Duan Tianfeng told him.

In an attic outside the barren arena, two figures slowly appeared here.

One of them is Du Tianfeng, and the other is the City Lord of Leicheng.

"Duanqi Finanizi left the Thunder Valley of Forging Blades, I'm afraid she has come to the Thunder Realm." Duan Tianfeng was the first to speak.

"How could Liu Qing be fooling around with her..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"If there is anything wrong with the two of them, I'm afraid we..." A trace of concern could not help but emerge from the hungry face of Leicheng City Lord Junxiu.

Because Du Qifei is the future heir of the entire Thunder Valley, and Liu Qing is also a noble and terrifying figure in the Holy See. If something happens to the two of them, I'm afraid the two of them won't be able to eat and walk around.

"Don't worry, although no trace of them has been found for the time being, neither of them are vegetarians."

"Moreover, the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives is heavily guarded, so the two of them can escape easily. I'm afraid it is the intention of the owner of the valley." Duan Tianfeng said with a smile.

"Valley Lord..." City Lord Lei heard the words and was relieved.

"Crash!" The next moment, while the two were still talking, a silent soul force slowly came to Du Tianfeng.

"What is this?" City Lord Lei frowned.

"Looks like that guy can't stand it anymore..."

"Let's go, let's take a look together." After Duan Tianfeng finished speaking, the two figures instantly turned into black shadows and disappeared above the attic.

At night in the Thunder Realm, the wind was gloomy and cold, and the man in black had been quite cautious since he left the living mountain range. After confirming that no one was following him, he faced a cliff outside the living mountain range. And go.

This cliff is on the edge of the mountain range where the contestants live, so it is quite hidden. In addition, it is night, so it is sparsely populated.

"It seems that no one found my figure..." The man in black came straight to the cliff, then leaned on a rock beside the cliff, and said slightly.

"Xiao Yan, little bastard, this time our soul clan must make all of you in the East Continent go to pieces. Then I will naturally want you to die, in order to avenge my broken arm!" The man in black looked at the edge of his sleeve. The empty air, angry.

"let's start!"

"Report the information here, so that adults and the guys from the ghost kingdom can discuss a solution together." The man in black said.

"Gulugulu!" The next moment, the black clothed man's hand was incomparably pitch-black, and on the scroll, a trace of tiny runes slowly wriggled, as terrifying as a worm.

"Gulu!" After a while, the scroll was in front of him, slowly forming a cloud of black mist, and through this black mist, Xiao Yan felt a deadly threat.

"Weng Om Om!" It seemed that he realized that the dark mist was too sinister and evil, and the clan lines on Xiao Yan's forehead exuded a trace of gentle power, nourishing Xiao Yan, and Xiao Yan felt better just now.

"Soul Mist, you summoned this seat, but what you told you to do?" The evil black group just appeared, and suddenly turned into a hideous evil ghost face, and asked the man in black.

"My lord, I have already found out what you ordered me to do."

"This is the distribution map of Forged Knife Thunder Valley, Thunder City and Thunder World." The man in black said respectfully. After speaking, a scroll slowly appeared in his hand, and there was a trace of thunder around the scroll. This thing was obviously forged knife thunder. How can the things in the valley be in the hands of this guy.

The entrance to the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives is mysterious, and there are many organs in the valley, not to mention the Thunder Realm, so if there is no accurate information, even the strong souls will not dare to attack rashly.

"Okay!"

"You did very well!"

"For the rest, our soul clan will discuss with the powerhouses of the ghost kingdom."

"This time, Dongzhou, there must be no need to exist!"

"Susu!" The strange black air slowly let out a frantic laughter. With this thing, plus the strength of the two of them, it is no problem to level the entire Dongzhou.

As soon as the laughter fell, the scroll that recorded the secrets inside the Thunder Valley of the Forging Knife was swallowed directly by the black air scroll and disappeared.

"Respectfully send your lord." The man in black said respectfully after finishing all this.

The next moment, the black air instantly turned into nothingness, condensed into a scroll, and when it returned to the hands of the man in black, it seemed as if nothing had happened in the space here.

"How could this guy have such a thing..."

"How could a strong man in the late two-star Dou Xian get this thing from the Thunder Valley of Forged Swords, which is like a cloud of strong men..." Xiao Yan wondered.

"It seems that the forging knife Thunder Valley has a lot of ambition. The scroll of is clearly obtained by their deliberate negligence so that the man in black can get it. I am afraid it is really a long line to catch a big fish..."

"The soul clan, the kingdom of ghosts, plus a sin, the three forces unite to deal with them, I don't know who will win this final victory..." The Lord of Soul Eater laughed.

"I hope Dongzhou won't be so vulnerable..." Xiao Yan shook his head gently, then stopped talking, staring at the man in black.

It was obvious that the man in black was about to leave here, and Duan Tianfeng had not arrived yet, so Xiao Yan had to stop the man in black before Duan Tianfeng arrived.

"Sister Liu Qing, here and here."

"We climbed up from here and arrived at the Thunder Realm's territory."

"Competitions are all in the thunder world." A silver bell-like voice slowly came from under the cliff, and then two shadows quietly clinged to the cliffs below the cliff and climbed upwards ,

"Daughter of Forge Thunder Valley Master Du Qifei?"

"It seems that this time, God won't help you!"

"Hahaha!" The man in black burst out laughing, apparently knowing the identity of the woman in just an instant, and then the speed skyrocketed, facing the fatal attack, facing the two women who were climbing the ropes to the cliff. go.

The man in black is naturally an intelligence spy. Naturally, he is too familiar with the high-level figures in the Thunder Valley, so he recognized Du Qifei at a glance.

At this moment, Du Qifei and Liu Qing obviously did not realize that a crisis was slowly approaching them both.

: . :