Chapter Vol 4 1119: The king of beasts?

"The king of beasts?"

"What is that?" Xiao Yan looked at the flaming beast that was finally willing to leave his sea of ​​vindictiveness, and directly blocked the sea of ​​vindictiveness, and immediately opened his mouth in surprise.

"Boy, where did your spirit beast come from?" But the Azure Niu Tianmu spirit beast said with a solemn expression at this time.

"Ow!" The flaming beast was still roaring at Xiao Yan at this time, as if blaming Xiao Yan for why he sealed up the Dou Qi Sea so that he could not return home.

"Naturally, I got it by coincidence." Xiao Yan heard this and smiled slowly, Xiao Yan is not a fool, and he will definitely not explain the details of this flaming beast.

"I know even if you don't tell me."

"It is said that among the Seven Realms, there is a beast of a rather tyrannical overlord."

"It's called the king of beasts."

"The king of all beasts is the strongest of all the beasts, spirit beasts and beasts in the Seven Realms, and the owner of the supreme power." The Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast said slowly, his voice full of awe.

"Then what?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he seemed to be listening carefully.

"Since the last time the Great Thousand World dealt with the evil race from outside the territory, the King of All Beasts has disappeared. I can't imagine that I can actually see the King of All Beasts in my childhood. Destroy my beast clan." And the Azure Ox Tianmu Soul Beast said with tears in his eyes.

"That's not right, if it is the king of all beasts, how could it be..." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he slowly shook his head. This flaming beast was born in his own Dou Qi Sea, and it almost devoured his Dou Qi Sea and even his Dou Qi. It is a different fire. If it is said that it is the king of beasts, obviously these things do not make sense.

"Do you know what the King of Beasts likes to eat?" The Azure Ox and Heavenly Wood Soul Beast asked, seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's thoughts.

"What?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak when he heard the words, but he vaguely guessed something in his heart.

"The King of All Beasts loves human fighting qi the most, especially some tyrannical fighting qi."

"And it loves flames even more." The Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast said word by word.

"How could it be possible..." Xiao Yan's eyes became strange as he watched the Azure Ox Tianmu Spirit Beast say these things one by one.

Having said that, then you, the fiery beast, is the real king of all beasts?

"After being said that by this Azure Ox and Heavenly Wood Soul Beast, I am reminded of something about the previous battle between heaven and earth."

"In that war between heaven and earth, Lord Tuoshe Gudi seemed to disappear together with the King of All Beasts, and the relationship between Tuoshe Gudi and the King of All Beasts was very close. In the end, it was said that Tuoshe Gudi burned reincarnation. The king of all beasts, with the ability of the ancient emperor of Tuoshe, I am afraid that he will not let him fall..." But when Xiao Yan felt a little shocked in his heart, the master of soul eater said.

"No way……"

"Then he has already devoured my Dou Qi Sea and the source of strange fire, what should I do..." When Xiao Yan heard this, he was suddenly miserable.

"Haha, little guy, take a long-term view."

"Maybe this flaming beast is the reincarnation of the king of all beasts. Although it has swallowed up your Dou Qi and strange fire now, its relationship with you is also extraordinary. If it really grows in the future, I am afraid it will become Your great help." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"A big help?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised when he heard this.

"Do you know what the king of beasts is?" The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help but said.

"Among the beasts, the real king is probably far more powerful than me."

"And this king of beasts is the real king of beasts. All the beast creatures in the seven worlds, except for the dragon family and a few special beast races, will be ruled by him."

"Although this little guy is only in his infancy now and hasn't grown up yet, you should know its potential, right?" The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"It won't be so scary..." But Xiao Yan felt dizzy after hearing this.

He clearly didn't do anything, how could he have such a king of beasts? This was obviously something Xiao Yan couldn't figure out.

Could it be Emperor Tuoshe Gu?

Burning?

This is the only conclusion Xiao Yan can draw so far.

"Okay, the King of All Beasts seems to be entering the next stage. You can bring it in. I'll stop the people here." Looking at Yuquan, who was staring at him next to him, Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast said.

"Many thanks, senior." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he directly greeted the flame beast, then swept his figure and walked towards the center of Yinyuetan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

If you can solve your own battle qi sea problem here, it will not be difficult to advance to Dou Xian, and the most important thing is that the flame beast has swallowed the power of the fusion of the two holy flames before, and its body is like a furnace at this time. , there is a vague suspicion of an imminent explosion.

"asshole!"

"This guy seems to have reached some consensus with the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast, and the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast actually let him go to the Ghost Moon Well?" Seeing that the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast didn't stop Xiao Yan and let it run to the Ghost Moon Well, Yu Quan couldn't help roaring.

"Everyone join forces and kill this soul beast for me!" Seeing this, Yu Quan hurriedly became furious and shouted angrily.

"Hey... I never thought that I would still do a dowry for someone else." And Qing Wenshu couldn't help laughing at Xiao Yan's leaving figure.

"Brother..." Qing'er also came to Qing Wen's side slightly and said.

"This kind of opportunity has always been reserved for those who are destined, and it is useless to force it." Although Qing Wen was quite eager for Ghost Moon Well, he was free and easy and smiled slowly.

"Since this is the end of the matter, let's go." Qing'er glanced at the Ghost Moon Well with a trace of reluctance.

"The two of you seem to have the aura of the little guy just now, what is your relationship with him?" Seeing that there was a lot of Xiao Yan's aura on the two of you, Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast couldn't help but ask.

"Naturally, it's a game of brothers and friends." After Qing Wen finished speaking, she had plans to leave.

"Since that's the case, then I'll see that guy's face and give you two a good fortune!" In the hands of the Azure Niu Tianmu Soul Beast, the front foot suddenly lifted, and then it suddenly stepped on the void.

The next moment, the figures of Qinger and Qingwen were instantly enveloped by a silver light.

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Qing Wen couldn't help roaring, but just wanted to resist, but just looked at the two figures and went directly to the Guiyuejing in the center of Yinyuetan.

"What kind of consensus has this Xiao Yan reached with the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast?" At this time, Qing'er also guessed something and couldn't help but say.

"Little bastard, the next time is your death." Seeing Xiao Yan and the Qing family being sent directly to the Ghost Moon Well by the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast, Yu Quan's expression turned ugly, even It is a trace of killing intent, vented.

Yu Quan knows that this Ghost Moon Well is not only about the legend of Love Moon, but also because there are some treasures under the Ghost Moon Well that can make people crazy!