Chapter Vol 4 1991: The spiritual power of straight line promotion!

"Hoohoo."

"It's better to retreat first to increase the strength of the battle formation masters. Even in the face of many unknown enemies within the ancient clan, it is more certain. Otherwise, I am afraid this time will be more fortunate." After Xiao Yan returned to his mansion, he was also Not caring about admiring the grandeur of the mansion and the amorous feelings of the maids around him, after giving the order, he took the ring that Gu Qingkong had given him and entered the retreat training room.

The situation among the ancient clan is unknown, the cultivation of the battle formation master is imminent, and it is quite close to the headquarters of the Holy See. If it is not a last resort, Xiao Yan suddenly does not want to use the power of the devil, because once the power of the devil is used, no matter what. Whether it is the Endless Fire Territory behind him or himself, it is difficult to clear the relationship. At that time, the power that he has painstakingly built up will probably be in vain.

"The promotion of the Array Master is confusing even me now. I hope that the ancient races, the ancient races, can provide me with some useful help." Xiao Yan just finished his words and sat cross-legged directly, and the core inscriptions of the divine movement natal life filled out. , a spiritual aura different from the power of the soul emerged.

If the power of the soul is the power to attack the soul of people, make people sluggish or directly destroy the soul of the enemy, then the power of the soul is the power to control the spiritual actions of people, and even the mysterious power that prevents the enemy from performing fighting skills!

The two are quite similar but not the same.

There are countless ways to cultivate and improve the power of the soul, but there are countless ways to improve the spiritual power of the magician, even the powerhouses of some ancient races, know very little.

It is a pity that Xiao Yan's soul power is strong now, but his spiritual power is terrifyingly weak, which restricts Xiao Yan's combat effectiveness to a certain extent. Even Xiao Yan's previous grading of magicians is too vague. Obviously It is not a specific level delineated by the Great Thousand World, and it lacks a sense of authenticity.

"This is?"

"Formation scroll?" In the quiet stone room of cultivation, Xiao Yan just shook his acceptance ring, and heavy silver scrolls flickered out, dozens of them, and the terrifying power contained on them made Xiao Yan Can not help but stunned!

Even though these scrolls are already yellowed, and there are clearly traces of time, Xiao Yan is still shocked by so many formation scrolls. I am afraid that this kind of handwriting is only owned by these super races.

"The rock ghost formation requires 10,000 formations. Once it is cast, it can transform into countless Specter Ghost Rocks. It is a combination of attack and defense."

"..."

"The wind confines the sky wall array, the array pattern required is one hundred thousand! The wind swirls the clouds, the sky wall imprisons the enemy, an attack-type formation." Xiao Yan carefully sensed the yellow-colored note on the silver scroll, and muttered.

"My current number of formation patterns is probably only around 60,000, and my mental strength is still too weak." Xiao Yan put aside the remaining two scrolls that required 100,000 and 80,000 formation patterns, and the rest Put them all away, muttering.

Xiao Yan’s specific division of spiritual power is a bit blurry, but Xiao Yan is still clear that 10,000 array patterns correspond to a one-star Dou Xian powerhouse, similar to 60,000 Dao, which is only for 6-star Dou Xian, which is too much for Xiao Yan today. Chicken ribs.

"It seems that there is more?" After doing all this, Xiao Yan was shaking the ring, and found that there were other things in it.

"God and Demon Plate!"

"What is this?"

"Ahhhh!!!" Xiao Yan just picked up a round stone plate that fell out of the ring, and suddenly looked at the words on the stone plate in front of him. Before he could study it, he was suddenly tortured. Emerging from the front, Xiao Yan couldn't help roaring violently.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan suddenly threw the round stone plate out, and immediately sat on the ground gasping for breath, every drop of sweat dripping like raindrops.

The torture just now made Xiao Yan feel as miserable as falling into the Senluo Hell in an instant. That kind of terrifying mental torture almost made Xiao Yan completely annihilated!

"What is this?" After gasping for a few breaths, Xiao Yan got up and walked towards the round stone plate thrown out.

The circular stone plate looks like a ring the size of a slap. Countless hidden traces appear around the ring, and it turns out to form a rare ripple. However, when Xiao Yan first saw it, the spirit in his body appeared. The core inscription of the moving life was uncontrollably agitated. After the breath, it fell off directly and hung quietly around the garden-shaped stone plate.

"There seems to be some connection between the two?" Xiao Yan felt some vague connection between the two, and immediately crouched down and watched quietly.

The body of the core inscription of Shen Dong's life should have the pinnacle of the inscription level, but unfortunately Xiao Yan has only found half of it now, and the remaining half may undoubtedly find a needle in a haystack, and it will be difficult to gather it together.

"Xuuuu!" With a loud voice, on the divine moving inscription, a special pattern that has been around for a long time actually slowly evolved into a fat little light worm, comparable to the silkworm and Cordyceps. After a while, under Xiao Yan's stunned gaze, he climbed to the circle. on the stone plate.

"What's the situation?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be surprised when he saw that the round stone plate full of endless restrictions did not bounce back at this time.

When I held it in my hand just now, the awe-inspiring aura made me quite afraid. How could this divine inscription be so easy?

Is there really any connection between the two?

"Crackling~" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, he stared at the light worm on the circular stone plate, and the light worm about the size of a finger suddenly twisted his plump body, slowly smoothing Crawling around on the round stone plate!

"嘁偁嘁!" At the same time, just as the light worm was crawling, deep within Xiao Yan's body, a place called Nigongwan radiated a dazzling light, and the pain that penetrated deep into the bone marrow radiated from the mud. It was spread from Miyamaru.

"Ah ah ah!" Xiao Yan suddenly hugged his head, his body tense, his hands tightly holding the Ni Gong Wan, trying to control the pain, but he was indifferent.

The area of ​​the Nigong Pill slowly expanded with each crawling of the light worm, and the pain Xiao Yan suffered was also a little bit heavier.

"I..." Xiao Yan only felt that his body was darkened by this spiritual force, and suddenly a scream from the bottom of his heart swept out.

"Crash!" That kind of torture, even if Xiao Yan possessed many skills, was useless for a while, and he could only forcefully grit his teeth and persist.

"Pfft!" Although this kind of scream was quite miserable, it was accompanied by the fact that the area of ​​the Nigong Pill in Xiao Yan's body expanded a lot, and his mental strength was also slowly increasing, but he didn't know that this kind of abnormality was different from ordinary people. How long will it take for the torture to end completely.

The day it ends is also the moment of transformation.

full book

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: