Chapter Vol 4 1996: Infiltrate old fox!

"How could the evil races from outside the realm join the ancient races under the noses of these ancient races?"

"Are Senior Gu Yuan and Master Xun'er really here?" Xiao Yan held the token in his hand and walked towards the entrance of the ancient prison in the giant stone square. The figure of the evil clan outside the territory cannot be detected unless there are some extremely tyrannical powerhouses.

But Xiao Yan was also a little strange. Now the ancient prison and the core of the ancient world wrapped by the gray barrier are extremely strange. If it is really the work of the evil race outside the territory, I am afraid they will not let Xiao Yan succeed so easily. The ancient prison below The powerhouses that exist in it are enough to make people move.

"It doesn't matter, I can only go down and have a look." For some reason, every time Xiao Yan was very close to the entrance of the ancient prison, his heart beat involuntarily, as if there was some terrifying evil below that could threaten Xiao Yan's life. Spirit exists!

"Squeak." Xiao Yan came to the bulging block in the center of the two stone pillars, and threw the token directly at it. For a while, a black light appeared. Xiao Yan's body seemed to be bathed in a black beam, and the black beam was like a black beam. The strength of Xiao Yan's body is average.

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, it seemed that the inspection was over, Xiao Yan turned into a puff of black smoke and plunged directly into the ancient prison.

"Is this the entrance?" Seeing Xiao Yan taking the lead in entering it, Liu Hao also appeared together. After a while, he followed Xiao Yan's footsteps with the mysterious power unique to the Holy See and entered it. The means are far more than Xiao Yan.

In the ancient world, the gray core layer of the ancient people in the sky was extremely dim, and an indescribable dignified catharsis came out. Even in the dozens of cities below, although the voices were full of people, to some extent, it was also full of people. kind of sick.

"Shabu Shabu!" With the blessing of the devil's power all over his body, and the power of Ghost Face Soul Flame, Xiao Yan's evil aura was extremely realistic, and he slowly walked towards the ancient prison.

"It turned out to be underground?" Feeling the layers of thick evil formations around him, Xiao Yan frowned and said softly.

Without the token just now, I am afraid that his movement will be greatly hindered. After all, there is an extreme repulsive force inside and outside, which makes Xiao Yan feel uncomfortable.

"Crackling." With a sound, it took an unknown amount of time, Xiao Yan finally passed through a black world surrounded by thick black energy, and suddenly it was as if he had entered a new world.

"Who is it?" Xiao Yan took the first step into the ancient prison, and before he could make any move, a cold shout emerged.

Following the voice, it was a black stone gate. Two figures behind the stone gate were walking towards Xiao Yan solemnly. They were wearing armor, and the weapons in their hands were even more flickering.

"En." Xiao Yan didn't panic, he snorted slightly, the aura on his body was exactly the same as the evil qi he had just controlled Gu Yang, and even his tone was the same. The reason was that Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power was easy I learned some subtle things.

"It turned out to be Lord You." The two figures came over one after another, and immediately bowed to Xiao, their voice softened.

"It's not a big problem." Xiao Yan pretended to be mysterious.

"Sir You, everything is fine, but there is too much movement below. Do you want them to be quieter? After all, our brothers have not had a good rest for a long time." The second guard hurriedly came to Xiao Yan's side, A pleasing look.

"Well, I will remind them."

"Go down." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"Dele." The two guards heard the words, their eyes could not help but light up slightly, they immediately picked up the weapons in their hands, and went to patrol the other passage.

"Their breath seems to be from the ancients, but why is there a trace of evil in their bodies?"

"But now it looks like a normal human being, what's going on?" Xiao Yan hesitated after feeling it.

"Huh..." Just as the second guards were leaving, through them turning around, Xiao Yan slowly saw a hole that was almost invisible to the naked eye on the skin of the back of their necks.

If Xiao Yan's insight and soul power were not sharp enough, this kind of subtle situation would naturally be impossible to detect.

"Susu... such an aura of evil power." Xiao Yan did not rashly sense it, but just shook his head and spoke.

There was a rather small hole in the skin on the back of the neck, which probably had an inescapable relationship with the foreign evil race, but Xiao Yan couldn't guess the exact relationship for a while.

"Forget it, let's look around first, and there are many strong people in this ancient prison that limit my soul power." Xiao Yan was unable to shake his head, and immediately walked away.

"Someone... help."

"I'm not guilty, I didn't kill anyone!"

"..." Screams and screams continued to spread out from the cage on the other side.

Entering the ancient prison, three lines emerged. The middle path is naturally used for in-depth use, and the other paths are also used for the same purpose. Xiao Yan walked along the front path, and he didn’t go far by then. On the left and right sides of himself, the paths were made of special materials. The iron gates of the prisons emerged, and even some extremely tyrannical power was injected into the iron gates of special materials, which completely suppressed these prisoners.

"No... These guys don't have a trace of evil on them." Xiao Yan walked slowly, seemingly counting the number of people, but in fact, he was carefully sensing the strength in their bodies. Fortunately, the two guards just said hello in advance and put All the guards in the middle passage went to the side of the evacuation passage.

Xiao Yan is very sensitive to the aura of evil races outside the realm, but there is no trace of evil aura from these prisoners, which makes Xiao Yan feel quite serious. of suspicion.

"Looks like you can go down and have a look."

"I hope this trip can go smoothly." After repeated investigations, Xiao Yan found that most of the prisoners imprisoned here were only weak guys, so he had no plans to stay any longer.

"Lord You, are you back?" Just as he walked to the end of the passage, a swordsman in black said with a slight smile, and there was a monstrous evil spirit in his laughter.

"Yes." In order to prevent his identity from being revealed, Xiao Yan nodded and said.

"Master Xuan is waiting for you below... Please." The black-clothed swordsman said, with the sword in his hands behind his back, and gently made a please gesture toward the dark passage in front of him.

"I'll leave it to you here." When Xiao Yan emerged with his voice, a hidden shadow, like a Phobos ruler, slowly hovered here.

"Don't worry, Lord You, everything is safe and sound on the fourth floor of the ancient prison." The swordsman in black said respectfully.

At this time, Xiao Yan also followed the passage on the fourth floor of the ancient prison and headed for the third floor. For some unknown reason, every time he went to the next floor, the demon cube in his body became quite restless, as if there was something terrifying underneath. General life.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: