Chapter 668: The situation of the ground team

"Hey, these little guys are not bad. They were able to enter the final with a late six-star fighting emperor, a six-star early fighting emperor, and two five-star fighting emperors who were successful teammates."

"That girl Lingxuan, the hall master ordered me to take good care of her, but it looks like she should have entered the finals."

"I didn't expect that after so many years of silence in the Hall of People, a disciple as evil as Xiao Yan finally appeared."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The Lingyun Women's Team and the Dawning Team were both defeated by him. It's really not a simple little guy." Inside a quiet wooden house, Xiong Yuan was looking at the ten stones on the table with a smile.

These ten stones record the life and death of Xiao Yan and his ten teams. If one is injured, the stone will issue a warning. Now, among the ten stones, eight have lost their luster, and only the remaining ones are left. The stones of Xiao Yan and the other two teams from the ground team were still glowing.

"It seems that this time's final, unsurprisingly, should be between Xiao Yan's team in the Human Palace and the strongest team in the Earth Palace. I really look forward to it. The powerhouse will compete." Xiong Yuan finished speaking, and did not enter the wooden house directly. This appearance is obviously rushing to the three major mountain ranges. After all, the three major mountain ranges are very dangerous. If there is any damage to these two teams, I am afraid that Xiong Yuan will not be able to take this responsibility.

In this competition, there are a total of three difficulties, and the first place in each difficulty is selected to form the top three of this trial.

Xiao Yan and the others were still recovering their fighting spirit at the entrance of the three major mountain ranges. As for the five members of the ground team who had entered the three major mountain ranges, they had different circumstances.

The five members of the ground team had just arrived at the entrance of the three major mountain ranges, and they directly passed the mysterious restriction with the help of three wooden signs, and then entered the three major mountain ranges.

It is strange to say, although this place has been monopolized by the Fenxiang Pavilion, and no outsiders are allowed to enter, but this is the case, the top management of the Fenxiang Pavilion has not yet figured out what is going on with the mysterious prohibition in these three major mountain ranges!

Every time you use three wooden cards to enter the three mountain ranges, you cannot go directly to the designated mountain range, but teleport immediately!

This uncertainty greatly deepens the danger of this competition.

"Where is this..." The five members of the ground team had just passed through the mysterious restriction at the entrance of the three major mountain ranges, and they were scattered by an inexplicable powerful force!

At that time, the five highest-ranking people in this hall will be scattered directly!

There are five people in the ground team, they are the second senior brother of the ground hall, Zhu Yuan, a half-step seven-star Doudi strongman, the third senior brother Zhang Wumeng, a six-star Doudi perfect powerhouse, the fourth senior brother Xingyu, the late six-star Doudi emperor , Fifth Senior Brother Wang Chen, the middle stage of the Six Star Dou Di.

In addition, the only woman in the team is also a person with a very mysterious identity, a disciple of Qing Lao, Qin Xin, a late six-star Dou Emperor.

The first to bear the brunt is that Zhu Yuan. Zhu Yuan's strength has reached the half-step seven-star fighting emperor. Naturally, he will not be afraid of these three mountain ranges, because with his tyrannical strength, he believes that no matter what mountain range he enters, he can easily deal with it. .

"Damn it, they were actually separated. This has never happened before?"

"What happened in these three major mountain ranges..." Zhu Yuan was dressed in white, with a rather well-proportioned figure and the arrogance that radiated from his brows from time to time, he really deserved to be the Second Senior Brother Earth Hall!

After thinking for a while, Zhu Yuan stopped struggling indifferently, but looked around.

Zhu Yuan could only see a foggy area around him, and the visibility was extremely low, and he couldn't even see his fingers!

"Has the sense of perception failed?" The next moment, Zhu Yuan used the power of his body to try to spread it out, but found that it was unsuccessful.

"You have to be a little more careful. I'm afraid that living in these three major mountain ranges are dead beasts of great strength." Shaking his head, Zhu Yuan said.

"I just don't know what happened to the other people..."

"Also, Qinxin, you will belong to me sooner or later. You can't do anything." After Zhu Yuan finished speaking, he moved quickly, apparently heading towards the mountain range, but Zhu Yuan didn't know that he The current mountain range is not the Five Elements Mountain Range, but the Tianmu Mountain Range.

"Cough, cough..." The second in the team was Wang Chen.

Wang Chen's luck was good, he came to the Five Elements Mountain Range where the Five Elements Beasts lived, followed by the four senior brothers Xingyu.

Xingyu was covered in a blue Taoist robe, and the gentleness between his lips and teeth looked like a monk who didn't eat human fireworks.

"Wang Chen, where are the second senior brothers?" Xingyu just stabilized, then glanced around, and found that he didn't see anyone other than Wang Chen, and immediately asked slightly puzzled.

"I don't know, it seems that some strange changes have taken place in these three mountain ranges."

"I vaguely remember that the senior brothers who participated in the Luoling Mountain trial said that at the entrance of the three mountain ranges, the same team entered, it is only possible that all five people were transported to the same place. Now it seems that this should be the case. What happened inside the three mountain ranges." Wang Chen analyzed.

"Let's look around first, maybe a few of them are near us."

"If it's not there, I'm afraid it will be troublesome." Xingyu said.

"En." Wang Chen replied, just about to look around, but heard Xingyu's words.

"Be careful, not to mention how terrifying the strength of the five-element beast is, the dead beast that can live in the five-element mountain range is much more tyrannical than the outside." Xingyu finished speaking, the energy of life directly emerged. , for fear of any danger.

In addition to this, there is also the equally terrifying third senior brother Zhang Wumeng in the ground team, who has the perfect strength of the Six-Star Dou Di.

"Plop." With a sound, a figure sank directly into the lake, only to hear a scream, and a tall figure suddenly struggled in the water.

"Bastard, this was designed by that bastard, isn't this a scam?" A voice of dissatisfaction came out in an instant, and then the figure rose directly from the lake and came to the land.

"It's really unfortunate, it's so unfortunate just after entering the three major mountain ranges."

"Didn't you say there are ten teams participating Why are the teams participating this time so weak, it's not fun."

"Let me see how the dead beasts in these three mountain ranges are more challenging." Zhang Wumeng was free and easy, and he didn't notice that the other teammates were no longer there, but went directly to the depths of the mountain range.

It's just that Zhang Wumeng and Zhu Yuan were both teleported to the Tianmu Mountains.

"This is..." A shadowy figure slowly appeared in a secluded small forest.

When Qianying just appeared, her beautiful eyes jumped around.

This beautiful figure, covered in a skirt, has three thousand blue silk falling vertically, her beautiful hair seems to exude a hint of danger, and her skin that can be broken by blows is quite attractive, a full-fledged beauty embryo.

"Is it still separated as the master said? This should be the most mysterious Boundless Lesser. According to the master, the overlord of the Boundless Mountain should be planning something. This time, let me uncover your true veil. ." After Qin Xin finished speaking, there was a hint of determination on the shadow, and then she walked towards Boundless Mountain.

"Susu..."

"someone is coming."

"Look at the breath, it's the people of the Burning Incense Pavilion, well, this time, I'll let you all enjoy this feast together!" In the cave at the top of Wuliang Mountain, bursts of abnormal **** smells continued to radiate. The child in the middle of Ding let out a very strange smile.

As for the two giant cauldrons beside the child, one cauldron was filled with extremely thick blood, and the other was filled with something like a magic nucleus!

Ask for tickets!