Chapter Vol 4 2149: The Pope's conspiracy?

"The Pope... Miffel?"

The holy light storm is evolving, instantly turning into countless notes, emerging from the ground like a tide.

Under this extremely terrifying sacred note, even the demon emperor's unparalleled overbearing demonic power made bursts of fierce and ferocious sounds, and the reaction was particularly intense.

The countless remaining people from the Holy See and Douyun Continent below, watching the scene that suddenly appeared in the sky, their eyes froze, their eyelids trembled violently, and they jumped, and there was extreme shock on their cheeks!

At this moment, the excitement that was born in their hearts just because of Black's fall was indifferent!

Even when they saw the Pope's figure stepping out completely, the blood in the body solidified, and the feeling of trepidation made them feel that this time, it was probably a trip to hell!

"The Pope?"

Xiao Yan was like a great enemy, and his auras such as clan lines and demon power were automatically released together to protect him, but he was extremely unbelievable, why did the Pope appear at this time?

Could it be that all this is his conspiracy?

The entire holy city reflects the supreme holy light behind the Pope, countless holy wind chimes buzzing, golden holy dragons whistling together, leaving behind the brilliance of angels without reservation!

"The Pope... unexpected."

"Unexpected."

At this moment, the demon of light was paralyzed on the ground, his voice trembling, and there was no brilliance in his eyes!

As for the Pope, she couldn't be more clear!

Although Pope Miffel is not a strong man at the same time as the Demon Emperor, his talent is too strong!

A thousand years ago, the Master of Soul Eater and the others were all eight-star strength, but after a thousand years, this guy's strength has reached a level exceeding the triple reincarnation level, which is simply appalling!

No one knows what he experienced, so Miffel is also known as a miracle in the Holy See!

His strength and life are full of countless legends!

"You are still here."

The Pope got up, dozens of golden holy dragons were quietly crawling around him, and countless sacred powers invaded, and he opened his mouth softly. With his actions, all the energy in the whole world completely solidified, and no one could move one bit.

It seems that even time and space have stopped beating, and they quietly crawl.

Just such an understated voice made everyone below uneasy, the soul power in the body trembled, and the core of the battle was faintly broken!

What kind of tyrannical power is this?

The triple reincarnation stage?

Do not!

Just the strength of Black's triple reincarnation level was not enough to make them feel so heartbroken. Could it be that this guy is a quadruple?

Even... fivefold!

"Since you are so eager for my arrival, you must have prepared a sure-fire plan."

On the contrary, the demon emperor had no fear, a faint green demonic energy entangled around his body, and vaguely converged into a green demonic throne.

Without any hesitation, the Demon Emperor sat on the green throne and smiled at Miffel.

"Haha, the name of the Demon Emperor is really famous."

"But you are wrong."

"I didn't plan the plan this time, I just finished it for Blake."

After Pope Miffel finished speaking, the sacred notes around his body turned into countless thick white energies, squirming and forming a milky white sacred throne at the same time!

The two kings, sitting on the throne at the same time, looked at each other, standing horizontally in the sky of the holy city, like two negotiators talking.

At the same time, the energy above the Erdao Throne emerged, shrouding the entire holy city and the thousands of miles of territory, bathing the place with layers of crystal energy shackles. Start breathing, otherwise without their defense, once the two start, this world will collapse in an instant!

"Why does your Holy See always like these boring tricks."

The demon emperor opened his mouth and said with a hint of pride, even in the face of Pope Miffel, he had no fear!

"It's not important anymore."

"Whether it is the demon of light, or the famous demon emperor, and these stinky ants, they will all be submerged under the holy light of the Holy See today."

Miffel said lightly, a bright moon behind him gathered slightly, lingering out, there was a whisper of a **** above the bright moon, and in a single thought, it turned into a specific angel gauze, extremely sacred.

"By the way... I'm a little curious. I'm afraid there's one thing Liu Yun doesn't know about herself."

"Liu Yun is the earliest group of angels from the Holy See in Douyun Continent, and she has an affair with the famous demon emperor. How could she survive for so many years?"

Pope Miffel's eyes were full of golden luster, and there were bursts of chills inside.

"That's my own business."

The Demon Emperor sneered and didn't say much.

For Liu Yun, of course, there is the intervention of the demon emperor, otherwise, with her Eight Star Fighting Immortal strength, it is impossible for her to survive for so long.

"Even if you are completely killed today, whether it is the undead power in your body or the position of the demon emperor, it will disappear completely from today."

The Pope said with a slight smile, his confident expression undoubtedly showed!

"Humph!"

"It's just a mere five-tier rank!"

The demon emperor waved his hand, and endless beasts and monsters appeared at the same time. They roared and rushed to kill the Pope. They were extremely domineering, and they actually collapsed the void!

"Hahaha!"

"Demon Emperor, you will die here today!"

"All the spearheads will point to Blake, and all the culprits are him!"

"And I, the Pope of the Vatican branch of Douyun Continent, Miffel, will end with the lives of mortals like Er and enter the kingdom of angels!"

"Enjoy immortality forever!"

"The fifth level?"

"Demon Emperor, you have only just broken through the seal, your strength has not yet recovered to the peak, and your domineering weapon has not been recovered."

"How to fight with me?"

"This time, I won The high-pitched holy sound washed the souls of everyone, and suddenly the sacred throne above the sky, a smear of terrifying sacred light filaments, brewed out, and loomed with the bright moon behind him. The sacred gauze is very ethereal.

"Yes, you are right."

"But the records of the Great Thousand World for me seem to be very inaccurate."

"10,000 years ago, I was reincarnated many times. What will happen today after 10,000 years?"

The demon emperor's face changed slightly, and he vented out with a domineering aura that shook the world!

"Ten thousand years ago?"

"Could it be that?"

At this moment, Pope Miffel on the sacred throne muttered and couldn't help but speak.

Ten thousand years ago, in this great world, there were very few reincarnation-level powerhouses. At that time, in reincarnation, the power of one person could kill countless heroes, and it was the real reincarnation!

"But... so what?"

"This is your funeral and my grand ceremony!"

"Demon Emperor, times have changed... Let's die!"

Pope Miffel swept away the other thoughts in his mind, and spread out the beautiful angel wings behind him!

In an instant, this world already belongs to the battle of the two top powerhouses!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: