Chapter 622: Preparations before the calamity

In the silent basin, Xiao Yan stood in the sky to be alert. In order to prevent anyone from disturbing, as for Mu Yingying, she slowly adjusted her breath under it.

After all, transcending the calamity is no child's play. If you are careless, the consequences will be too severe, so even if it is to improve any chance of success, Mu Yingying will not let it go.

"Huhuhu." After Mu Yingying's breath regulation was completed, the beautiful eyes that had been tightly closed were slightly loosened and opened.

"It's still a bit of a guard's consciousness." Mu Yingying got up slightly, looking at Xiao Yan in the sky and felt a little funny.

Because at this time Xiao Yan, his body was slightly tilted, as if a scale was tipped to one side, which was quite comical.

But Xiao Yan had no idea.

Because at this time Xiao Yan, all his attention has been put on the core inscription of spiritual power and divine movement!

Xiao Yan is the first time to use the power of a battle formation master since Elder Zhu instructed him how to cultivate his spiritual power, and the power of the holy flame caused his spiritual power to skyrocket.

Xiao Yan found out that since the condensed battle formation master Xiaocheng made a secret formation with 6,000 core inscriptions, it seems that every grass and tree in this space has been controlled by Xiao Yan!

This really surprised Xiao Yan!

You must know that although this space is not large, it is definitely not small, with a radius of several hundred meters.

Xiao Yan stood in the air. On the one hand, he separated out a trace of his soul power to check if anyone disturbed Mu Yingying. On the other hand, he focused all his attention on his spiritual power!

"let's start."

"First of all, we must force out the power absorbed in the Xuanling Emperor Pond in the body before, and then swallow it directly. With the help of some holy flame's power, it is not difficult to come to the Dou Emperor Tribulation."

"But Sheng Yanjing told me that pills can't be used in this tribulation... It's really weird." Mu Yingying had a plan in her heart, and immediately got busy.

Immediately got up and walked around the pool.

The pond water at this time was different from when Mu Yingying came.

Mu Yingying had just come here before. The water in this pool was crystal clear, but as Mu Yingying dispersed some powder and entered, the water in the pool became turbid, and even the temperature rose slowly.

"Gulugulu!" It didn't take long for the water in the pool to boil, just like boiling water. The temperature was extremely high, bringing up a lot of the temperature in the basin.

"The things that Sheng Yanjing gave me are really useful..." Mu Yingying had a smile on the corner of her mouth, and then jumped straight away.

"Plop." With a sound, Mu Yingying went directly into the pool.

The turbid pool water made Mu Yingying's whole body wet, but on top of her body, traces of yellowish energy actually slowly dispersed from her body.

"This……"

"Is this the mysterious power absorbed in the Xuanling Emperor Pond..." Xiao Yan exited the state and immediately looked at Mu Yingying.

At this time, Mu Yingying was immersed in the pool water, only her forehead above Yu Jin was exposed. As for her body, it was completely soaked in the turbid pool water.

"Gulu Gulu!" The temperature of the pool water was not high, but there were many bubbles appearing strangely, even Xiao Yan felt strange.

"I'm afraid the secret of this woman is not simple..." Just when Xiao Yan hesitated in his heart, the Holy Flame Spirit in Xiao Yan suddenly spoke up.

"Well?" Xiao Yan asked in doubt.

"Hey, don't say that the young master didn't tell you, the powder that this woman just scattered into the pool water is very famous."

"That's something like a catalyst... But this thing can only be condensed if you have a certain level of control over the holy flame." Xinyan said slowly.

"Holy Yan?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but cast a glance at Mu Yingying below.

"The secret of Sheng Yan is not as simple as you think. There are many secrets in Sheng Yan, all of which have to be discovered by yourself." Xin Yan said earnestly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded and said thoughtfully.

If it is really like Xinyan, then this Mu Yingying's control of Sheng Yan is probably still higher than Xiao Yan!

You must know that Xiao Yan is a genuine alchemist, and there is no doubt about his ability to control flames, but this Mu Yingying's ability to control holy flames is actually more profound than Xiao Yan, which makes Xiao Yan a little puzzled.

"This woman is also smart. She forced the power out of her body, and then led out the Dou Emperor Tribulation. She used her own holy flame power and that mysterious power to break through the Dou Emperor Tribulation." Xinyan said.

"Mysterious power..." Xiao Yan naturally knew that the mysterious power that Xinyan was talking about was the power they soaked and absorbed in the Xuanling Emperor Pond.

That power has always been lurking deep within their bodies, and if they hadn't actively searched for it, they might not have been able to find it.

However, Xiao Yan carefully sensed the inside of his body, but did not find any power. He couldn't figure out where the mysterious power he had absorbed in the Xuanling Emperor Pond had gone.

"Don't look at it, the power in your body has already been fused when you devoured the holy flame." Xinyan said disdainfully.

"..." Xiao Yan heard the words, and his head was immediately covered with black lines.

"By the way, you kid, don't think that holy flame is so easy to swallow."

"The devouring of the holy flame will only be more dangerous than the strange fire in your body."

"So you also have to prepare those things that devour the holy flame... Heaven and Earth Treasures plus the help of medicinal pills, you have a chance to approach the holy flame. As for whether to swallow it or not, it depends on your good fortune." Xin Xin Rock opened his mouth.

"What?" Xiao Yan was suddenly shocked.

Why didn't you use it when you devoured this Fire Heart Heavenly Rock by yourself? Now this Holy Flame Spirit says so.

"Don't look at me, I'm just a special case, because the perpetual suppression of aliens in the desert mountains led me to separate from Saint Flame Crystal, and with the consent of Saint Flame Crystal and the previous master, You can swallow me so easily..." Xinyan hesitated for a while and then spoke.

"Really..." Xiao Yan suddenly paused when he heard the words.

This Holy Flame Spirit is indeed right. If it wasn't for Immortal Master Yan and Kuangmu plus the Holy Flame Crystal, Xiao Yan would definitely spend a lot of trouble swallowing this holy flame.

However, Xiao Yan felt that Xinyan was still hiding something from him.

Because Xiao Yan always felt that this Xinyan seemed to have something indescribable with Xiao Mu, the ancestor of the Xiao family, and did not tell Xiao Yan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Now that all the medicinal materials have been collected, there should be no problem in swallowing the holy flame ranked 20th above the holy flame stick..."

"It's just that Xu Shengdan is a second-rank emperor-rank earth dan. For me now, there is still a lot of pressure." Xiao Yan analyzed.

As for the three things needed to devour the holy flame, the three flame flowers and the blood spirit ice liquid, plus the materials for Xu Shengdan, they are now fully prepared, but Xu Shengdan has not yet started refining.

"Be careful, the aura on this woman's body has already begun to change, and the catastrophe should be led out by her!" Just as Xiao Yan opened his mouth slowly, Xinyan suddenly said something to Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he immediately saw that the space tens of meters above him suddenly began to wriggle, as if some terrifying power was emerging from it.

Ask for tickets!