Chapter 492: Medusa 1 Clan Fiasco!

"Swallowing the sky?"

"This is derived from the blood swallowing python of the king of the Medusa clan..." On the back of the golden dragon, Qin Tian narrowed his eyes and stared at the huge swallowing python not far away!

Although this swallowing python had no color in its body, the huge aura emanating from the depths of its soul made Qin Tian tremble slightly.

"Heaven-swallowing python swallows the sky formation. This formation claims to have the ability to swallow the sky and devour the earth, but I don't know if it's true..." Zhu Lao murmured vaguely.

"What is that...it seems to have a gloomy and eerie smell..." The next moment, with the eyes of Zhu Lao, he felt a very subtle fluctuation from the depths of Qin Tian and the Dragon-loving Legion.

"There is also a ghost in Qin Tian's group?" Under the desert, Nu Dong said in surprise.

"Hehe, the Xuanling Royal Family has cooperated with Solomon for many years, and naturally they have some gifts, but it doesn't hurt." The people of the Soul Clan on the side spoke slowly, with disdain in their voices.

"Hehe, I have to rely more on the adults." When Nu Dong heard the words, he was overjoyed immediately, because even if there was ghost energy in Qin Tian's group, the concentration was far less intense than that of the soul clan in front of him.

"Keep an eye on it, the Heaven Swallowing Formation vs. the Dragon Addiction Formation, this battle is almost over." After the people of the Soul Clan finished speaking, they closed their eyes for a moment, and then said nothing.

When Nu Dong and several subordinates around him heard the words, they immediately became vigilant, because they knew that no matter whether the Medusa clan wins or Qin Tian wins, the next time will be their battle!

"Captain, while these two groups are facing each other, let's hide our breath!" The coyote said.

"Go!" Tang Tang heard the words, glanced at Xiao Yan and the others in the distance, and then moved her lips slightly.

"Boom boom boom!" Above the sky at this time, the originally clear sky had already been shrouded in dense rain and thunderclouds!

Between the lightning and thunder, two huge energies slowly confronted each other in the sky!

On one side, there is the giant sky-swallowing python phantom with Shefu as the main force and the leaders of the other eight tribes as the support point!

On the other hand, it is the golden dragon phantom with Qin Tian as the eye and the eight members of the Dragon-loving Legion as the auxiliary!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, as time passed, the dragon-loving legion group, covered by the golden dragon, suddenly surged in vindictiveness, obviously preparing for the final blow!

Seeing this, Shefu muttered something in his mouth, and then the terrifying fighting spirits of the leaders of the eight tribes gathered directly on the huge figure of the swallowing python!

"Swallowing the sky!"

"Swallow the sky and devour the earth!" Shefu roared, and then stared at Qin Tian who was standing on the golden dragon!

"Go!" The next moment, Shefu and the leaders of the eight major tribes pushed with all their strength, and immediately, the swallowing python with the power to devour the sky and devour the earth opened its huge mouth and suddenly walked towards Qin Tian!

"Sisi!" The terrifying fluctuations above the phantom of the swallowing python caused the space to shatter in an instant.

"Sure enough, it is indeed the Swallowing Heaven Formation." Qin Tian sighed slightly, and then an extremely pure fiery red flame burst out from his pupils, and then directly attached to the phantom of the golden dragon!

The fiery red flame was attached to the phantom of the golden dragon, and the golden dragon roared in the sky, and the world changed color!

"Under the dragon addicted, everything is silent!" Qin Tian's pupils burst out with an extremely pure flame, his aura soared to the peak, and then his hands slammed into the place where the swallowing python was in front of him and ignored it!

"Hoohoho!"

"Breakthrough!"

In the sky, the golden dragon phantom and the green swallowing python collided suddenly.

Shocking waves spread out from the sky, turning into terrifying ripples that were enough to destroy the Five-Star Dou Emperor, spreading everywhere!

"Swallow!" Shefu swung out his hands, and a more dazzling force poured into the swallowing python, and then the two who were originally deadlocked, the swallowing python actually achieved a conspicuous advantage!

"Damn it, the Dou Qi in the body of a half-immortal powerhouse is really not comparable to the peak of Dou Di!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, and then a chill appeared in his pupils!

"Qin Tian, ​​your dragon-thirsty formation doesn't seem to be as scary as the legends say." The snake king who was constantly pouring energy into the sky-swallowing python suddenly opened his mouth at the back of Shefu.

"Damn it... I can only use that power..." Qin Tian said slightly unwillingly.

Although that power was extremely huge, Qin Tian could vaguely feel it. It seemed that the more that power was used, the more his personality and even his human nature were slowly being distorted.

"There's no way!" The next moment, Qin Tian's pupils suddenly widened, because he clearly saw that the two swallowing pythons and the golden dragon, who were in a stalemate in mid-air, and the fiery red flames around the golden dragon had slowly disappeared. If it goes out like this, I am afraid that it will only be a matter of time to lose.

"Go!" Qin Tian snorted coldly, and then his figure trembled!

"Drink!" Several members of the dragon-loving legion behind the golden dragon also nodded secretly, and then there was a dignified look in their eyes!

"What are they doing?"

"Did you admit defeat..." Among the eight leaders, a leader who was in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor said.

When the few people next to him heard the words, they immediately looked over, and then they saw that the green sky-swallowing python slowly forced the golden dragon to retreat!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, the green swallowing python extinguished the fiery red flame on the golden dragon, and was about to break through the golden dragon.

From behind the golden giant dragon came an extremely huge black energy.

The breath is like a ghost, full of eerie and eerie, extremely desolate.

"Hoohoho!" With the blessing of this black energy, the golden color completely disappeared from the golden dragon's body, and it was replaced by a rather dark color!

"What kind of power is that..." Shefu's pupils shrank tightly, and a feeling of something going wrong came up spontaneously!

"Hoohoho!" A frantic roar emerged from the black dragon!

Then the next moment, the black giant dragon, which was pressed by the green sky swallowing python step by step, instantly turned from defense to attack!

Above the pitch-black dragon claws, a black air surrounded it, and then slapped the swallowing python directly!

"Sisi!" Sky Swallowing Python wanted to defend, but the jet-black dragon moved too fast. After the black air dragon claws slapped on his body a burning sensation in his soul suddenly appeared, causing the swallowing python to tremble slightly!

"嘁偁嘁!" The swallowing python exuded anger in the sky, and then a terrifying force emerged, ready to go to the black dragon!

"Hoohoo!" The black giant roared up to the sky, then opened its huge mouth and bit the body of the swallowing python!

"Si Si Si!" The Swallowing Python was bitten by the black giant dragon, and from the black dragon's mouth, a pitch-black and strange black energy suddenly emerged above the green body of the Swallowing Python!

"Shabu!" The swallowing python seemed to realize the danger, and then the huge snake tail waved suddenly, trying to break free from the attack of the black dragon!

But after the black giant dragon's mouth bit the swallowing python, it released it instantly, but that strange black energy had already poured into the swallowing python!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, the black energy on the swallowing python exploded instantly, turning into a black-red chain, directly imprisoning the phantom of the swallowing python!

"Shefu, I said that the background of the Dragon-loving Legion is not what you can imagine!"

"Go to **** with remorse!"

"Hahaha!" Behind the black giant dragon, an even larger black energy poured into the black giant dragon, and then a monstrous smile emerged. This smile was full of madness.

Above the strange figure of the black giant dragon, an extremely strange aura emerged, and then cut through the sky, approaching the snake!

Ask for tickets!