Chapter Vol 4 1422: Detoxify!

Everyone in the two camps knew that the emergence of the strange fog prevented them from moving forward, so they went back to their tents and closed their eyes to rest.

Time flies, and in a blink of an eye it is night.

"Come on, you can go back and rest." Beside the bonfire, Xiao Yan happened to be standing alone, thinking about why Yuan Yan didn't come over, and suddenly a soft voice came out.

Xiao Yan turned around, but saw a handsome figure. At this time, Du Qifei was wearing a close-fitting dress that perfectly complemented her figure. It was obviously changed to prevaricate the battle.

"I..." Xiao Yan wanted to refuse, but seeing Du Qifei's determined face, he had no choice but to give up, and got up and headed towards the tent.

"This guy..." Duan Qifei smiled slowly after seeing Xiao Yan's disappearing figure, and then guarded beside the bonfire.

"Not coming yet?" The tent where Xiao Yan was resting stood at the very end of the camp, so it took a few minutes to walk, so Xiao Yan walked gently on the road and couldn't help but muttered in his heart.

"You can't lie to me... But the injuries on the woman's body are also extremely serious..." Xiao Yan muttered as he walked.

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, a strange wave of waves slowly filled Xiao Yan's feet.

"It really is the strength of the formation..." Xiao Yan was startled at first, and then laughed.

"Pfft." With a sound, Yuan Yan's petite body suddenly emerged from the ground.

"Big brother... Didn't you scare you?" Yuan Yan just appeared, and suddenly whispered.

Yuan Yan emerged directly from the soil, and if he were an ordinary person, he might be startled, but Xiao Yan made it clear that the core inscription was injected into the soil by Yuan Yan, so it was reasonable for this scene to emerge.

"It's okay...Let's lead the way." Xiao Yan shook his head slowly, then smiled.

"En!" Yuan Yan nodded happily upon hearing this.

"Crash!" After a while, Xiao Yan and the two rushed into the soil, and then a passage emerged.

"Shabu Shabu!" After a few breaths, the two bodies were shining brightly and returned to the tent.

"Here, it's a bit interesting..." Xiao Yan immediately glanced around and said when he came to this tent.

The tent is square, about ten meters in size. Inside the tent, there is a wooden table and a bed, which is quite simple, but the brutal core inscriptions are all over the tent, which obviously blocks the outside world. And open.

"This place is already surrounded by my formation, and other people will not come to interfere with us." Yuan Yan's small mouth squirmed, quite complacent.

"Ah, by the way, big brother, come and see my sister." In an instant, Yuan Yan hurried to the bed and said anxiously.

"I'll take a look." Xiao Yan also walked slowly.

Just walking past, Xiao Yan couldn't help but be startled, and what was reflected in Xiao Yan's pupils was a delicate figure, with a low stature and a sluggish smell, her beautiful eyes were locked, her brows were black, and everyone was lying peacefully. On the bed, the delicate body is like a sleeping beauty.

"What happened to her?"

"Tell me the truth." Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a shock after examining it.

According to Xiao Yan's investigation, the woman was obviously seriously injured, and then was attacked by the poison, so she fell into a coma.

"Sister, elder sister..." Yuan Yan couldn't help but be surprised when she saw Xiao Yan's sudden seriousness.

"Elder Yuan Xiao won't let me say..." Yuan Yan spoke slowly, with a hint of fear in her voice.

"Little sister, your sister's injury is extremely special. I'm afraid it will take fire and some special measures to get rid of it."

"And with your strength, you should have created the strong fire attribute on me. Among all the people here, I am afraid that only I have the means to save her."

"However, it is necessary to treat the disease with the right medicine, so if Sister Yuanyan doesn't say the reason, in case there are three long and two short..." Xiao Yan seemed to be hesitating. The heart is still very immature.

"I... I said, but you can't tell others." Yuan Yan whispered after hearing Xiao Yan's words so serious.

"We have just entered the Tianming Mountains. After several days of rushing, we have reached the middle of the mountain, but when my sister went out to fetch water alone, our men and horses broke into the territory of the spirit beasts and were attacked by the spirit beasts. In the end, my sister led the spirit beast away alone..."

"By the time we found my sister, she was already in a coma with poison."

"But when my sister was in a coma, she had a scroll in her hand. According to Elder Yuan Xiao, it seemed to be a map of a treasure map, but it is now in Elder Yuan Xiao's hands." Yuan Yan said slowly.

"Hidden treasure map?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard this.

At this time, his strength has reached the perfect two-star Dou Xian. If he encounters some opportunities, then he will be able to completely advance to the three-star Dou Xian in the four continents competition. At that time, he will be very sure about the odds of winning the competition.

"I can rescue your sister, but you have to show me where it is, how about a good deal?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"But..." Yuan Yan seemed to be hesitant to speak, for some reason, she always felt that she was being tricked by Xiao Yan.

"I can steal that scroll, but you have to take me there with you." Yuan Yanfan's cute little hand clenched slowly and said after a while.

"This..." Xiao Yan didn't know how to reply for a while.

"Don't worry, I won't hold you on your back, and I also want to see what the treasure map covered by my sister is after all." Yuan Yan smiled.

"It's a deal." After struggling, Xiao Yan agreed. After all, this girl is only ten years old, so she's not afraid to put it off.

"I'm going to get the scroll first, you can save my sister." After Yuan Yan finished speaking, her body suddenly dissipated, so Xiao Yan and the unconscious woman were left behind.

"You're lucky... Such an intense poison must be slowly dispelled with the combination of strong fire properties and medicinal power."

"Although your troops have done toxin treatment for you, but it is not complete enough. If you want to completely expel it, I still have to do it." Xiao Yan looked at the unconscious woman in front of him and muttered.

"Damn, I really can't bear the child and can't get rid of the wolf. I hope that the hidden treasure map will not disappoint me." Not long after I reluctantly took out a lot of high-level medicine pills from my acceptance ring, and then into the flames.

"Weng buzzing!" The brutal flame suddenly erupted with extremely hot temperature, plus Xiao Yan's neutralization of many medicinal pills, it turned into a colorful liquid, and slowly moved towards the unconscious woman's body.

"Crash!"

"What?" When Xiao Yan forced these antidote liquids into the unconscious woman's body, there was a tyrannical wave on the woman's body, like actively protecting the master, which shocked Xiao Yan quite a bit.

"The core inscription is more tyrannical than my core inscription..." Gulu swallowed, and then Xiao Yan looked at the woman in front of him with some surprise.

It seems that this unconscious woman is the most terrifying one among the disciples of Yuanzong!

In an instant, as Xiao Yan's pure antidote poured into Qian Ying's body, the black mark on the beautiful eyes also slowly receded.

. The latest chapter, Chapter 14222 of the novel Fight Breaks the Sky God Yan Emperor, expel the poison! URL: https://