Chapter Vol 4 1881: Battle 7 Star Fighting Immortal is complete!

"Kid, die!" Xuanshan's whole body's strength soared to the limit, and then an unusually loud roar ran through the entire field, his arm suddenly bent, and a sharp fish-shaped bone sword flashed from behind, stabbing Xiao Yantian's cover. go!

The shape of the fish-shaped bone sword is quite strange, and the green demonic energy rises into the sky. At a glance, it is known that it is this guy's carefully warm demon weapon.

"Dragon God Transformation!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the body and arms were also covered with dragon scales, and the dazzling soul power formed a defensive energy garment to wrap around him. There is no doubt that the fighting spirit is on display.

The sequelae of the skyrocketing strength are also very obvious. Now Xiao Yan's body is quite illusory, and only the confrontation between life and death can quickly resolve this sequelae.

"Bang bang bang!" The fish-shaped bone sword carried a moist and thick force. When it just hit Xiao Yan, a harsh metal collision sounded in the Acacia Flame Domain, and even a pool of domineering demon energy. It was revealed from it that Xiao Yan, who was faintly suppressed by that extremely tyrannical demonic energy, was out of breath.

"This guy is very powerful." After the first blow, the two of them retreated in unison. Obviously, Xiao Yan was still at a disadvantage in the collision between the fish-shaped bone sword and the ancient ruler of different fire.

"The flame on this little beast is a little weird." Holding the fish-shaped bone sword in his hand, Xuanshan's face darkened. When his own Seven Star Fighting Immortal Perfection level power hit Xiao Yan, the pink flames in the field The flame, as well as Xiao Yan's own fiery red flame, was actually eroding and absorbing his own power, and because his own body was a supernatural being in the ocean, the fire attribute had a strong suppression on him, and Xuan Shan's heart also appeared for a while. Heavy, although this Xiao Yan is weak, he is probably the strongest person among the Seven Star Fighting Immortals he has encountered in recent years!

"It can't be dragged on, it must end as soon as possible." After a while, a cloud of water filled out around Xuanshan, instantly filling the entire Acacia Flame Domain, thus turning it into a scene of profound waters, at the same time , Xuanshan's human body is also rapidly dissolving, moving towards another supernatural illusion!

"Sir Xiao Yan, be careful, this is the body of Xuanshan's monster, both in strength and defense, it has greatly increased!" Die Qi on the side was protected by Xiao Yan's soul power, but looking at this scene, he couldn't bear it. After speaking, Xuanshan Qixing Dou Xian's complete strength, his body is unknown, and he is decisive in killing others, which is not comparable to the previous three elders Xuanyi.

"It's good to come!" After the Acacia Flame Domain was also wrapped by countless waters, the pink Acacia Broken Enteritis still released a rare temperature, but Xuanshan's body suddenly disappeared and evolved into a whale with a body of hundreds of feet!

There are dense words on the head of the whale, and those words are like mantras, giving Xuanshan extremely tyrannical and mysterious power.

"Hoohoho!" The whale monster raised its head suddenly, with a high and furious sound, twisting its huge body, driving the rushing water, it rushed towards Xiao Yan!

That kind of oppression, the huge pressure of the water flow, seems to be no less than the oppression brought by the face of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, but Xiao Yan did not have any surprises, instead he was quite happy.

What we need is this kind of oppression, what we need is this kind of pressure, otherwise how can we be reunited?

"The power of the soul... You Ming Tianxuan!" Xiao Yan sneered when he saw that this guy used the power of his body as soon as he came, his eyes became deep, and a dazzling soul energy rippled into a strange roar , spread throughout the entire field, that level of soul power directly hits the most vulnerable meridians in the monster's body. Once hit, I am afraid that this guy will die instantly.

After all, among the supernatural monsters, except for some special existences, there are almost no surprises to cultivate soul power, and most of them are just reckless men who focus on physical strength or combat.

"What kind of power is this?" The Great Elder on the other side saw this, Bai Huahua's brows wrinkled, as if he could smell a very dangerous aura from this invisible power.

"Crack!" When the soul power was about to attack the whale monster, the latter's body twisted, and the power above the skin slowly dispersed, unexpectedly resisting Xiao Yan's soul attack for a while.

"Seventh layer breaking sky ruler!" Without any hesitation, he held the ancient ruler in his hand, with the increase of the flame of the Great Heaven Seed, his body moved like a ghost, and he easily came to the whale monster and beast, and it was a vicious continuous slashing of seven flame rulers. .

"Weng buzzing!" This time, the whale monster didn't have any room to dodge, and when the seven flames hit its body, a burning pain like a piercing heart spread out on the surface of its skin.

"Ahhh!"

"Suffer to death!"

"Water Abyss Art!" Xuanshan's body was tortured to death by Xiao Yan. Immediately, countless mantras surged around his body, and an aura of awe, accompanied by countless tsunami-like harsh sounds, emerged.

At this time, all the water currents in the field are at a quiet speed around him, and an indescribable silence permeates the entire field.

"A desperate blow?"

"The Seal of the Heavenly King!" Seeing this guy like this, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, the dazzling fighting qi turned into substantial energy ripples, like a volcanic eruption constantly overflowing, palms slowly clasped and interacted, one after another of obscure and ancient forces, Brewing out.

"Death to this sect master!" Xuanshan shouted loudly, and then countless water currents formed a water chain in a rare arrangement, and stabbed Xiao Yan, it seemed that every water chain contained a water chain. Enough to obliterate Xiao Yan's tyrannical power.

"Seal of the Heavenly King!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan saw the ancient pattern on his palm finally brewing, and immediately an ancient palm print fell off gently and rushed towards Xuanshan.

"Boom!" The ancient palm print with a lot of mysterious power touched the tyrannical water chain, and the deafening explosion sounded in the field, it seemed that it would support the Acacia flame field at any time. break away.

"Sect Master!" Seeing this scene, the Great Elder was also a little astonished. How can this guy in the early stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortal be so indistinguishable from the Sect Master?

"Boom!" After a wave of terrifying energy ripples, the large and small scars on Xuanshan's whale body, and even the breath were wilted a lot. The blow just now consumed a lot of his origin, but in contrast, Xiao Yan As if nothing happened.

"Sure enough, the strength has skyrocketed a lot. Now as long as you don't encounter particularly perverted guys, and masters with fighting skills above the peak of the holy rank, I am afraid that you are invincible under eight stars." At this moment, Xiao Yan laughed. The increase in strength and refinement, coupled with the increase in the immortal flame, Xiao Yan's physical strength and strength are now different from what they used to be.

"Sect Master Xuan, let me take you on your way." At this moment, an amber flame slowly spread out from Xiao Yan's body, and this kind of temperature and strength made Xuanshan and the Great Elder look suddenly A change, the pupil shrinks tightly!

From that amber flame, they really smelled a fear of death!