Chapter 246: The soul is exhausted, the soul is broken, the heart is dead, the ghost emperor is born!

"The soul is exhausted, the soul is broken, the heart is dead, the ghost emperor is born..." The mysterious voice also echoed in Xiao Yan's mind, and then disappeared without a trace.

Xiao Yan was also surprised immediately, and left a sound transmission in his body and mind. This is not something that ordinary strong people can do. The guardian of this stone tablet, the strength of the Nine Souls tablet is also unfathomable.

"Hehehe, the strength of this Nine Soul Monument is stronger than you think..."

"Because there are nine of them in total, and they are specially responsible for suppressing and sealing the powerful ghosts in the ghost world..." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Is this Nine Soul Monument the body of a soul..." Xiao Yan murmured when he heard the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King.

"No, this nine-soul stele is a really powerful human being. This stele is a powerful fighting technique they used, and it was specially used to suppress powerful ghosts. Then they were using secret techniques to live in the stele, guarding them. At the same time, it also suppresses and seals ghosts..."

"Once this ghost breaks the seal, it will also take action at that time..." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also appeared, and there was some worship in the voice.

"I see..." Xiao Yan shook his head, and then saw that the body of the soul of the woman in white in front of him had also returned to the stone tablet. Obviously, her soul body would not be able to leave for too long.

It's just that when the woman in white returned to the stele, Xiao Yan was surprised to find that the originally vague stele became brighter!

At the very center of the stone monument...

There seems to be a figure standing slowly!

Qian Ying stood with her eyes slightly closed, but there were some tears flowing slowly from the edge of her eyes...

"The soul is exhausted, the soul is broken, the heart is dead, the ghost emperor is born..." After a brief doubt, Xiao Yan kept muttering the words left by the Nine Soul Monument just now.

"The soul is exhausted and the soul is broken. It should be a symbol that the wish of the woman in white is gone. As for the death of the heart, it should be the woman in white who has fulfilled her last wish, and there is no regret..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Ghost Emperor Sheng..." When he said this, Xiao Yan's pupils also widened viciously.

Immediately, Xiao Yan seemed to know something. Looking at the figure of the woman in white in the stone tablet, on the body of the figure, a very strange ghost energy was constantly emitting from the woman's body, and then constantly covering the woman. on the body...

The stele also seemed to have discovered this terrifying ghostly energy, and immediately became red all over. A huge energy also attacked the woman in white, and the two forces kept stalemate in the stele.

"Hey..." Xiao Yan also sighed softly, obviously at this time Xiao Yan also knew that the extremely terrifying ghost energy inside the woman in white was the other half of the twin ghost emperors!

Evil Yin!

Although Xiao Yan didn't know why the evil yin existed in the body of the white-clothed woman, what Xiao Yan knew was that the white-clothed woman also put down her resistance at this time, and let the terrifying ghost qi continue to erode her body.

Once this kind of erosion is completed, the woman in white will truly become a twin ghost emperor, Xie Yin.

This made Xiao Yan on the ground and his master, the Golden Dragon King, startled. The confrontation between the two energy beams soaring into the sky could be clearly seen and felt even from a few meters away from the stone tablet.

Xiao Yan only felt that an incomparably powerful force was overwhelming him so that he could not move forward at all.

In fact, the fiery red energy in the stele is a protective restraint, or a powerful enchantment, which has the effect of blocking the intrusion of all foreign objects.

At first, Xiao Yan wanted to use his soul power to explore the secrets of this stele, but who knew that this stele was so mysterious that he could actually take his own soul power and devour the soul power madly, making Xiao Yan not dare to use his soul power to probe. It is a pity that this barrier can be forcibly broken through with fighting spirit.

According to Xiao Yan's guess, the strength of this Dou Qi can be compared with that of a six-star Dou Di powerhouse!

Therefore, Xiao Yan also withdrew his soul power and vindictive attack, so as not to do all his work in vain.

Xiao Yan's whole body turned milky white light, instantly turning into a golden brilliance, and suddenly took a step forward.

I saw Xiao Yan's body shaking uncontrollably. It was obvious that two powerful forces were fighting against each other to produce a huge vibration.

Xiao Yan's whole body suddenly exploded with golden light, and a force of destruction instantly broke through the barrier.

The water waves in the restricted water area in the space fluctuated sharply, and a water column suddenly shot out into the sky, rushing out of the ground river to a height of more than ten feet. It can be seen how powerful and powerful it is.

The powerful explosive force not only flushed the water from the forbidden waters in the space out of the river and spread to the ground, but also shattered the stele that was several meters tall.

"This..." Xiao Yan was also stunned at this time.

The hardness of this stone tablet made Xiao Yan feel desperate. Although it was vaguely known from the words of the Nine Souls tablet and his master Jinlong King before, this treasure should exist in this stone tablet, but Xiao Yan was helpless. not open!

I just didn't expect that it would be easily smashed by the black river water in this forbidden waters.

"There are some special powers in this black river, so it also exerts a very serious restraint on the stone tablet, so the stone tablet will be shattered..." The Golden Dragon King also said solemnly, and then stared at him.

Many rubble were washed out with the black river water, but a one-meter-high jade stele appeared where the stele was located.

The jade tablet is covered in green, with countless strange and mysterious runes engraved on it. On the very edge of the jade tablet, there are several ancient characters the size of a fist - the tablet of the soul!

This jade tablet is full of streamers, and a streamer continuously circulates around the jade tablet, like a whole, very mysterious.

Xiao Yan looked at the jade tablet and said softly, "Is this the true face of the Soul Requiem tablet..."

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a meteor with terrifying power also appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"Hey, maybe this is life..."

"But this woman is also suffering..." A voice of vicissitudes also appeared, followed by an old man who thought he was full of white hair.

"Xiao Yan has seen senior!" Xiao Yan was also clever at this time, and it was obvious that the white-headed old man in front of him was the mysterious figure in the previous stone tablet - the Nine Souls tablet!

"Haha, I really didn't expect this woman to have such a thing on her mind. Some people came here before, but they were all killed by her without exception..."

"Should I say you are lucky or lucky..." The old man stared at Xiao Yan with a playful look.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also sweating profusely. Although he knew that this woman in white had the power of the twin ghost emperors, the evil yin, but possessing it and being able to use it were two completely different things!

The feeling is that the woman in white has something to ask for herself, otherwise her fate will also be...

Xiao Yan's back felt cold when he thought about it carefully...

Xie Yin is comparable to a human 6-star Dou Emperor or a stronger 7-star Dou Emperor...

If you deal with it yourself...

"Okay, you don't need to scare my disciple. Since it can't stop the twin ghost emperors from breaking through the seal, then the treasure here can be taken out, right?" The Golden Dragon King also laughed, and then squatted on top of Xiao Yan's head, revealing his eyes. Staring at the Nine Soul Monument with a smile.