Chapter Vol 4 1746: Go to Tianling Shengyuan!

The next day, the sun was rising, Xiao Yan had already arranged all the matters, and only after he was resurrected, he would return to the Earth Spirit Academy, and bring the Wanhuo Sect forces to the Dou Di Continent!

I don't know if Mu Yingying will be able to survive after her resurrection, and Cailin Xun'er's current state.

The top of Linghe River in Lingyuan.

"Senior, what should we do?" Xiao Yan stood on the cloud and said slowly.

"She is a holy flame herself, but I don't know why she converted to human beings, and their original place of existence is guarded by a vassal race under our Xiao clan called the Tianling clan." Xiao Sensheng said lightly, obviously Pretty familiar with these things.

"How can senior know so much..." Xiao Yan wondered.

"Because these two holy flames were deliberately stored by the great master of the Xiao clan, and they were specially sent to guard the vassal race, so that they could wait for our clansmen to collect them in the future. Unfortunately, in the end, the Xiao clan was installed by some wildly ambitious guys in Daqian World. The name of a traitor, so they joined forces to kill them, so they also suffered..." Xiao Sensheng waved his hands and said, even when his voice mentioned some wolf-minded guys in the Great Thousand World, the surging killing intent permeated.

"However, the Xiao clan is still the top force in the Great Thousand World, how could it be possible..." Xiao Yan asked in confusion for a while. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest computer: https://

"The Xiao family is indeed like a giant in the world. Countless humans can only look up. It is this huge power and power that makes many people jealous."

"The creatures in the Great Thousand World have advantages and disadvantages. Once a force is strong enough to be admired, it will breed many problems. Therefore, only one leader is needed, and the Xiao family will be shaken." Xiao Sensheng opened his mouth.

"Senior, don't worry, since these matters belong to our clan, the kid must do his best." Xiao Yan smiled at Xiao Sensheng.

"It's enough that you have this heart."

"When this girl is resurrected, I will take the remaining nine Yamas to some special areas."

"Where do we have our own body, and only here can they be completely awakened."

"Yan Luo in the Ten Halls is the last hope for the recovery of the Xiao clan. As for you, you should concentrate on your cultivation now." Xiao Sensheng instructed.

"Junior takes orders." Xiao Yan said.

"Well, other things, you will understand in the future, but those who offend our Xiao clan will inevitably use blood to pay homage in the future. The dignity of the Xiao clan is unquestionable." Xiao Sensheng said slowly.

"Let's go, I'll take you to the place of her birth, Tianling Shengyuan." As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Sensheng appeared in front of Xiao Yan, waved his hand, and a space-time channel quietly emerged. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

Time and space wormhole!

A powerful method of long-distance teleportation that must be condensed by seven-star fighting immortals!

"Go." With a soft murmur, Xiao Yan took Xiao Sensheng's power and directly submerged into it, heading towards the recorded space coordinates of Tianling Shengyuan.

"Hum!" In the dark void, countless black liquids are as chilling as pieces of darkness squirming. Obviously, the so-called space-time wormholes are not that simple, and they are full of dangers.

"Gululu!" In the dim space-time wormhole, cracks appeared one after another, and even those cracks were full of deadly suction. Once sucked into them, they would face many dangers.

"The time-space wormhole is a long-distance teleportation, but it is extremely unstable, so there will be some strange crises at any time... Concentrate and go to the space coordinates I gave you." Just when Xiao Yan was shocked , Xiao Sensheng's voice filled Xiao Yan's heart, and a bad feeling filled out, so he didn't have time to take care of other things, and said eagerly.

"Boom!" After a while, Xiao Yan didn't have any hesitation, his figure suddenly jumped, and went directly to the Heavenly Spirit Sacred Abyss.

"The breath of holy flame... It's a pity."

"However, the next time to rescue the kings from the demon prisons, the second world war should begin."

"Human... what a humble creature, it shouldn't occupy such a large area."

"Susu." Just as Xiao Yan had just disappeared, the countless black liquids in the wormhole shook and turned into a clay figurine. The evil fluctuations on the clay figurine that were strong enough to resist the heavens and the earth emerged completely, and then he let out a slow voice. .

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan was also heading towards the Heavenly Spirit Sacred Abyss, so he didn't notice such a change. With the power of this clay figurine, Dou Xian probably wouldn't be in a state of reincarnation and would be invincible.

For a while, Lingshengyuan was strange and extraordinary that day.

In the Heavenly Spirit Sacred Abyss.

The original Tianling Shengyuan is an independent space, and it is also the sleeping place for Mu Yingying and Yanchi. Unfortunately, one time Yanchi broke through the holy abyss, and the spatial coordinates of the Tianling Shengyuan were leaked, and it was leaked by the outside world. One of the evil tribes, the evil blood of the blood, noticed it, so the evil king of the blood of the blood led his army to attack Tianling Shengyuan and tried to obtain two holy flames. , and even the Celestial Spirit Clan, who guarded this place for generations, were wiped out, but the whereabouts of the two holy flames in this place were unknown in the end.

Inside the Heavenly Spirit Sacred Abyss.

"King... Now the meeting of the kings is imminent, do we need to give up here, lead the army back to the evil realm, and wait for the meeting of the kings." At this time, on a rather dark building, a man wrapped in black aura appeared. The figure attacked and said to a handsome man in front of him.

Moon Guard!

The Evil King of the Nether Moon!

"The meeting of the kings... It seems that they can't bear it anymore. After all, the power of Saint Flame and the top power of the Great Thousand World are constantly increasing. If it is delayed, it will be extremely unfavorable for us."

"The meeting of the kings should be the meeting to decide the second battle of heaven and earth and rescue the black, white and red three-level kings." The handsome man said slightly.

"It's a pity that the two holy flames here are lost. Otherwise, with the pure heart, they can be suppressed for a hundred years and a thousand years, so for our foreign evil clan, the chance to win the next war is much stronger." The evil king of the moon said slowly. road.

"Go on and rectify the army, evacuate here in a few days and return to the evil realm." After a while, the evil king of the dark moon spoke coldly.

They have stayed here for hundreds of years, from the original few fighting immortals to dozens of immortals today, which can be said to be the effect of this Tianling Shengyuan, and the reason why they have stayed here for a long time is mainly because In order to prevent the return of the two holy flames, after all, this is the place where they were born. Once they play it back, they will be caught by themselves, but unfortunately they have miscalculated.

"I don't know why, but I've been feeling restless recently... It's probably the sequelae left by killing too many people from the Celestial Clan." The Evil King Mingyue said slowly, and then took a nap on the elegant attic.

I don't know, a demon capable of tearing apart the entire Dark Moon Evil Clan is slowly coming here.

Rebirth, or destruction, is waiting for them.