Chapter 67: Clan tattoos?

Su Xueying's hat has already fallen, and a veil can't hide the surprise in her eyes!

She clearly remembered what her master said.

"You went out to practice this trip. If you meet someone with this pattern on their forehead, you must not be an enemy."

"If we do encounter it, we will bring that person back at all costs. We are keeping very important things to give to this person." The words that my master had said echoed in my mind.

Su Xueying also frowned slightly. From the contact with Xiao Yan just now, she clearly felt the smell of the lines on the man in front of her!

Moreover, when he hid in this ruin before, he also knew the name of the man in front of him!

Xiao Yan! Also surnamed Xiao! Is it...

"Clan Marks!"

Su Xueying and her sect have always kept a remnant of the clan mark, so she is very clear about the appearance of this pattern and the power it radiates!

"What the **** is that on your forehead!" Su Xueying slowly calmed down and said to Xiao Yan after a brief shock.

"This is my personal secret, there is no need to tell you." Xiao Yan also said calmly.

Su Xueying also forcibly suppressed the abnormality in her body, and then turned the cyan battle qi from her whole body to gather in her jade hand, and attacked Xiao Yan!

Just now, she felt that what was looming on Xiao Yan's forehead seemed to be what her master said, so she had to confirm some things!

"Boom boom boom!"

The cyan Dou Qi contains terrifying power, hot as molten lava, and cold as ice.

"Damn!"

"Why is this woman crazy? Could it be that she really wants to take out the black yin and yang heart that I refined?"

Xiao Yan also scolded secretly, this woman is really not easy to deal with, and playing cards out of the way really caught Xiao Yan by surprise.

In the face of such terrifying fluctuations, Xiao Yan frowned because of his concentration, because he felt a force of destruction from this fighting qi, and he obviously planned to start desperately.

Although Su Xueying's current strength has been suppressed to the level of the peak of the three-star Dou Di, but after all, her true strength is too strong for the current Xiao Yan. Therefore, even if he is now facing Su Xueying who is suppressing his strength, Xiao Yan has no chance of winning. That is absolute suppression!

The milky white flame slowly adhered to Xiao Yan's body surface and the ancient ruler of different fire, and Xiao Yi also looked at Su Xueying in front of him with a slightly angry brow.

"Bang bang bang!"

The terrifying cyan palm print vindictiveness and the milky-white Henggu Ji viciously collided with each other!

"Puff puff!"

Xiao Yan also vomited out a mouthful of blood after the attack.

"Cough, cough! This crazy woman is really powerful, and the level of arrogance alone has far surpassed me."

Xiao Yan spat out a mouthful of blood, then took out a large amount of medicinal pills from the ring and ate it. At this time, he could no longer care about these high-level medicinal pills, and then he glanced at Su Xueying slightly.

"Oh!"

Su Xueying obviously did not expect this Xiao Yan to be so powerful. The palm just now seemed to be normal, but only she knew that the palm was the combined strength of her own Dou Qi and Sheng Yan, and its power was even stronger than that of a four-star Dou Emperor. Can only temporarily avoid the edge.

Xiao Yan actually just spat out a mouthful of blood and then pushed back a few steps, which really surprised Su Xueying.

"Master, what do you mean by familiar fluctuations..."

Xiao Yan also felt absolute oppression during the battle just now. Even if Su Xueying's strength is suppressed now, she has little chance of winning.

"The woman in front of you is really not easy!"

"Do your best to motivate your clan marks, if I expected it to be good." The Golden Dragon King said carefully staring at Su Xueying in front of him.

"Master, didn't they say that you shouldn't activate the clan tattoos before you arrive at Dou Xian? I wonder what secrets there are in this..."

Xiao Yan also agreed with what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said, and didn't say much.

"Three Mysterious Transformations of Skyfire! The first transformation! The second transformation! The third transformation!"

Suddenly, Xiao Yan's hands suddenly formed a handprint like lightning, and the Three Mysterious Transformation of Heavenly Fire was completely opened by it in just a few seconds, and at the same time, the aura in Xiao Yan's body also suddenly increased...

The late Samsung Dou Di...

The pinnacle of Samsung Dou Di...

Half-step four-star Dou Di!

The scorching and violent fighting qi was rapidly revolving in Xiao Yan's body, and the fiery temperature slowly penetrated out, and finally penetrated into the blood vessels. With the infiltration of these high temperatures, the blood flowing in the blood vessels suddenly accelerated. , With his excellent soul perception, Xiao Yan was able to perceive that there seemed to be a strange power that was rapidly moving through the blood vessels. When looking at its destination, it was the place between his eyebrows!

When the strange energy in Xiao Yan's body was shuttled, Xiao Yan's eyebrows in the outside world gradually flashed a little brilliance, and faintly, a natural pattern slowly emerged, and immediately after this one." It seems that there are other lines following closely...

Su Xueying could only see Xiao Yan's eyebrows, a purple-red pattern, and a small dot appeared slowly.

Seeing this scene, Su Xueying's indifferent temperament was also stunned for a moment, and then there was a bit of astonishment in her eyes: "Is this feeling?"

Since Xiao Yan performed the Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire, Su Xueying felt more intense fluctuations from his forehead!

The fluctuation is exactly the same as the mysterious pattern enshrined in his sect.

In Su Xueying's astonishment, the strange line on Xiao Yan's eyebrows is also slowly falling in a slow but extremely firm trajectory without a slight pause in the middle, it seems that it is full of A flowing beauty.

"I actually met you!"

Su Xueying held her lips lightly with her jade hand, so she wasn't too surprised.

Under the amazement of Su Xueying, the last trace of the pattern was finally completed at a slow speed, and just as the last trace of strength fell, a mysterious purple-red clan pattern suddenly appeared in Xiao Xiao. On the flaming forehead!

"Om!"

At the moment when the clan pattern was formed, the blood flow in Xiao Yan's body suddenly accelerated, and a strange relief passed through the blood vessels, slowly passing through the body.

"Huhuhu!"

The clan pattern took shape, Xiao Yan's closed eyes also suddenly opened, the purple light in his eyes was bright, and after a while, the light gradually became skilled, and the Tao clan pattern between his eyebrows was also attached to his forehead under the movement of his mind. , as if it were natural.

Xiao Yan let out a long breath, he clearly remembered what his ancestor Xiao Xuan said. Even if the clan lines at the center of his eyebrows disappeared, he could feel that at this moment, under his eyebrows, there was a strange light of energy floating. With this kind of clan lines, in the future, the Three Mysterious Transformations of Tianhuo would not be needed. Open it again, as long as your mind moves, this clan pattern will become the most perfect secret technique!

But after all, the Dou Di Continent is different from the Dou Qi Continent, and it is still necessary to activate the Three Mysterious Transformations of Heavenly Fire to activate the Clan Marks!

"Are you from the Xiao clan?" Su Xueying also bit her lip slightly, and said to Xiao Yan who motivated the clan lines. The indifference of refusing people thousands of miles away is no longer in the words.

"How could she know about the Xiao Clan?"

There was also a flash of surprise in Xiao Yan's eyes.

"She seems to be related to your family." The Golden Dragon King also spoke slowly.