Chapter Vol 4 1253: Kuyezhai's sneak attack

"A person from the soul clan?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words. Obviously, the word soul clan was not unfamiliar to Xiao Yan's ears.

As early as when Xiao Yan was still in Dou Qi Continent, he had some vague guesses.

Of the eight ancient races, only the Dou Emperor bloodline of the Xiao family suddenly fell, while the Dou Emperor bloodline of the other seven races continued.

And remember that the birth of Emperor Dou's bloodline was the breakthrough of Emperor Dou.

In ancient times, many of the eight major race powerhouses on the Dou Qi Continent broke through the Dou Di, thus breaking through the space to reach the upper plane, and the upper plane is very likely to be a certain piece of the Dou Di Sifang Continent!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And the soul clan is no exception!

However, Xiao Yan's intuition told himself that the soul clan did such a dirty thing to collect souls in the lower world Dou Qi continent. I am afraid that in this great world, the real soul clan would not be much better, so I heard the soul clan again. When they were in the family, they couldn't help but muttered.

"It seems that after the ghost world is over, Xun'er must be found as soon as possible, and they must also go to the Dou Di Sifang Continent where the ancient eight clans live. They should know something about the Xiao clan... After all, they were the ancient eight clans. They were both promoted from Dou Qi Continent." Xiao Yan quickly calculated in his heart.

As Xiao Yan pondered, the other powerhouses were also vigilant. During the period, there was no change in the silver dragon, so the time passed quickly.

Time flies, a month has passed.

"Master Zhai, wouldn't these guys dump us?"

"How long does it take to repair the space teleportation formation?" Third Elder Kuyezhai couldn't help but said.

During this month, they were all in this narrow secret passage, even though the Immortal Fighting Powerhouse had already been able to avoid the world's fireworks.

"When I sent someone to destroy the space formation, I'm afraid the damage was a little bit bigger... But if you count the time, it's almost the same." Ye Kuwei said, although this space teleportation will become disordered due to the power of space, but If no one secretly takes action, I am afraid that there will be no problems in a hundred years, and now it has only been a few decades since the last repair, so it stands to reason that there should be no problems.

"Then wait." The man in black also said.

The man in black is not in a hurry, although his strength is the same as Ye Ku, but after using some special means, his strength is stronger than Ye Ku.

Furthermore, their soul clan lineage has a special method to deal with soul power. Although their strength has not reached the soul of fairyland, there are ways to deal with that kid.

"Why hasn't the Sect Master come out yet?"

"According to the previous restoration of the formation, it would take ten days at most. How did it take so long this time?" The elder Rain Curtain, who closed his eyes, couldn't help but said.

During this month, they have been waiting here. Although they encountered some counterattacks from the power of space on the way, they slowly defended under the protection of Xiao Yan's soul power.

"Gulugulu!" After a while, the silver scales on the tightly bound silver dragon next to it were erected, as if it had encountered some fatal threat.

"Crash!" And the next moment, the light at the core of the formation exuded majestic power.

That power is still the power of space, but it is different from the power of space of the silver dragon. The power of space emanating is extremely gentle!

"Gululu!" As the core of the formation exudes such a gentle power of space, the body of the silver dragon suddenly becomes illusory, and the power of turbulent space above the body is gradually resolved, moving in all directions. And go.

"Successful?" Xiao Yan's soul was powerful, and he was naturally the first to perceive such a thing. Watching the silver dragon's chaotic power of space gradually dissipate, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

As long as the space formation is successfully repaired, then the ratio between himself and Dongzhou is also extremely close.

"Pfft." With a sound, Yu Tianyue's figure emerged directly from the formation's core light group.

"Sect Master!" Seeing Yu Tianyue coming out, the many Yu Sect powerhouses on the side were all delighted.

"Success." Yu Tianyue smiled slightly, then looked at the silver dragon that was gradually dissipating in the sky.

The space formation has been repaired. After the silver dragon dissipates, the space formation can be resumed.

"This space formation is also strange, it doesn't seem to appear naturally... but it looks like someone started it..." The silver dragon is huge and cannot be dissipated for a while, Yu Tianyue said.

"Sect Master, you mean..." The Great Elder Yumu seemed to know something and wondered.

"It's just speculation, after all, there is no evidence." Yu Tianyue shook his head.

The overall strength of Yuzong and Kuyezhai is almost equal, even the top three-star Dou Xian has average strength in the late stage, which makes the two forces fight day and night, but after so many years of fighting, there is still no winner.

"When the power of the silver dragon dissipates, we will leave here..."

"This trip is really hard, little friend Xiao Yan." Yu Tianyue said with a smile.

"I'm afraid it's too early to say this..." Before Xiao could respond to Yu Tianyue, a certain void in the space of the formation suddenly trembled strangely.

"Bang bang!" With a sound, like the sound of broken porcelain, four figures slowly appeared in the eyes of many experts in the Rain Sect.

Exactly!

There are four!

The four of them are all strong men from Kuye Zhai, and as for the soul clan guy, they are still hiding in the dark without making a move.

"Sect Master Yu, stay safe." Ye Ku, the master of Kuye Zhaizhai, took the lead and said directly, his voice full of jokes.

However, at this time, two of Yuzong's two-star Dou Xian late stage powerhouses were instantly wiped out by Ye Ku and a middle-aged woman!

"Bastard!" Upon realizing this scene, Yu Tianyue couldn't help roaring. The most worrying thing happened.

They entered a total of ten people in the space formation, the self in the late Three Star Dou Xian and the Great Elder Rain Curtain in the middle of the Three Star Dou Xian. A two-star Dou Xian perfected powerhouse was actually wiped out like this, and the remaining two-star Dou Xian's strength was only in the early and middle stages.

"Ye Yunqing, the third elder of Kuyezhai?"

"Didn't you find out your identity by the ~ and imprisoned in our Yuzong dungeon... How could it be?" Some discerning people muttered as they watched the two who fell in an instant.

"Thanks a lot to Zhai Master... As for the third elder in your dungeon, he's just a ghost."

"Hahaha." The third elder, wearing a gray robe at this time, took a step forward and said to the strong man of the Rain Sect.

"Ye Ku in the later stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian, Ye Shuang, the great elder in the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian, Ye Yunqing, the third elder in the early stage of the Three-Star Dou Xian..." Yu Tianyue couldn't help but mutter, and an invisible sense of oppression slowly came.

"And the five elders of the late two-star fighting immortal... old opponent." Xiao Yan also took a step forward and said.

"Hahaha, little bastard!"

"Last time, you ruined the good deeds of my Kuye Zhai, this time it will definitely make your life worse than death!" The fifth elder also showed a deep hatred towards Xiao Yan.

"Go!"

"I'll deal with Ye Ku, the first elder, you deal with Ye Shuang, and the other two-star fighting immortals are divided into two groups, one group will deal with Ye Yunqing, and the other group will protect Xiao Yan and deal with the five elders!" Yu Tianyue has a clear division of labor, and in an instant The team is divided.

"Ye Yunqing in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, his strength is a bit weird..."

"As for the last five elders of the late two-star fighting immortal stage, leave it to me."

"Don't worry, the old rival." Xiao Yan said slowly, but he couldn't help but laugh in his heart.

. m.