Chapter 177: The inheritor and the new king!

As soon as the old man said this, the whole square was suddenly silent!

Countless people stared at Yueru above the tall building with their eyes wide open, as if they were looking at the most respected person!

They are very clear about the gold content of the three characters of the inheritor!

"Senior, I don't care about this, why do you..." Yueru also frowned slightly, she just wanted to join a sect calmly, and then practice until she can accept the inheritance, and then accept the inheritance, and then be able to help Xiao Yan.

Although she didn't know why, Yue Ru could vaguely sense that Xiao Yan had some not-so-simple secrets, which she knew from the inheritance mark on her forehead.

Moreover, his father's injury was cured by Xiao Yan. Now, his family is under the management of his father, and he can be considered to have no worries about food and clothing. He wasted too much time before, and now he is in his youth, and he has time to pursue it. own happiness.

"Hey, hey, it's okay."

"After all, this kind of thing is also God bless me for Xuantian three days." The old man smiled gratified after he finished speaking.

"I know your concerns, it's not good to reveal the identity of the inheritor, but what you don't know is that the identity of the inheritor is also highly respected by people in these three days of Xuan, and the number of each inheritor is in Xuan San. There are only a few people in San San, and everyone is definitely under the attention and protection of Xuan San San, so you don’t have to worry too much.” The old man obviously misunderstood what Yue Ru meant and hurriedly explained.

Yueru didn't say anything after hearing that.

"It's actually the inheritor!" The commotion on the square seemed to be particularly high. Those present were all people who knew the value of the inheritor, who was comparable to the alchemist!

The alchemist has a huge network of relationships, while the inheritor has strong strength and some unique means. Both of them have their own advantages, but if you want to become any of the two, without exception is extremely harsh.

"This woman could actually be an inheritor!" The man who was called Brother Ma also shrank his pupils tightly, as if he remembered that he had been contemptuous of others just now, which made him sweat.

Don't look at this Yueru is only the peak strength of the three-star Dou Di, but in a real fight, even those of the four-star Dou Di have little confidence in defeating her, just because she is the inheritor!

Inheritance, inheritance.

Therefore, the inheritors are some people who are born with some peculiar physiques or talents, so they are selected by the superpowers and have the opportunity to inherit the mantle of the superpowers!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although this opportunity is also open to 55%, the inheritor must have something left by the strongest person in his body, so as long as he is the inheritor, he has a power that cannot be underestimated!

Because in addition to the power of their own cultivation, they can also borrow the power of the strongest!

If he can be called the supreme power, his strength is at least at the rank of fighting immortals!

That's a fighting immortal!

These ordinary Dou Di, in Dou Xian's eyes, are as small as ants! Therefore, even if the inheritors themselves are weaker, few people dare to provoke them. After all, they have some of the power of the strongest in their bodies. Although they are weak, they are more than enough to deal with them.

Therefore, the so-called inheritors are people with extraordinary talents, and their potential is also powerful and terrifying. Once they accept the power of inheritance, and after the inheritance is successful, their strength will also increase terribly!

Even if it is said to be true, then it will not be an exaggeration to fish over the dragon gate!

"A successor?"

"I really want to try what kind of power this inheritor possesses..."

"It should be a very good opponent..." He Wanxia also muttered to herself, her eyes full of fighting intent.

"Absolutely not, this inheritor is quite tyrannical, and now I don't know what kind of power he possesses, so it's better to be careful. After all, we may be teammates in the trials that follow." Song Cheng also said.

"Cut, if you're afraid, just say it." He Wanxia didn't show any affection, and directly broke down Songcheng.

Comparing Song Cheng, he was helpless. It wasn't that he was afraid of He Wanxia. The trials had not yet started, so it wasn't worth exposing too many trump cards for this, but I had to say it. The He Wanxia in front of him, even for him, is quite difficult to deal with.

"Puff puff!" Zhu Zhuqing on the side couldn't help laughing.

"Sister Xiaxia, why are you arguing with them, they are all big men with big five and three rough." Zhu Zhuqing couldn't help but speak.

The four people beside Wen Yan also looked at each other, although it is true to say so, but is there anyone who said so?

Huan Zhu Zhuqing really has a personality who is afraid that the world will not be in chaos, but a few people didn't care too much.

Hearing this, He Wanxia also snorted coldly, then turned her head away and looked at the old man and a slender figure above the tall building.

"Let's go down." Seeing that, he also handed the token to Yue Ru, and then said softly.

"Yeah." When Yue Ru heard the words, she ignored the thousands of gazes on the square. She tapped her feet and returned to Xiao Yan, and then smiled at Xiao Yan. Although she didn't know why, Yue Ru He has blind confidence in Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's talent will never be lower than his own.

"Next is the last fifth-class talent rookie, and also the first among these nine rookies!"

"Xiao Yan!" The old man above the tall building glanced at the jade slip in his hand and said.

On top of the jade slip, there are these boys behind Xiao Yan's name, "Tenth-level soul power..."

Then the voice he was looking at sounded above the tall building with a hint of jest.

Xiao Yan didn't act too surprised when he heard the words. He originally thought that he was not weak if he ranked second. After all, Yueru's status as an inheritor was enough to overwhelm him It's just that he was This first, this is also what he did not expect.

Under the envious gazes of thousands of people on the square, Xiao Yan also walked slowly to the high-rise building.

The person next to Xiao Yan called Brother Ma was also very shocked to see Xiao Yan who was walking towards the location of the high-rise building step by step.

"He, what is this for?"

"That Xiao Yan can't be him..." The corners of the eyes of the man known as Brother Ma also twitched wildly. These three people who had just been underestimated by him were actually the top three among the five talented newcomers!

"Xiao Yan has seen the old gentleman." Xiao Yan also said to the old man when he came to the high-rise building.

"Haha, the person Wu Jiang said was you, right?"

"The soul power of the emperor level, because I don't have such a strong soul power..."

"I really envy you young people..." The old man also looked at Xiao Yan and said slowly.

"The old gentleman has won the prize, but it's just a fluke." Xiao Yan is also not proud at all. After all, only he knows how many difficulties he has experienced under this powerful strength and soul power.

"This year's fifth-class talent rookie has so much moisture?"

"Is a mere 3-star Dou Di peak enough to win this first place?" Ma Ge was obviously also shocked, and then said.

"Oh, what do you think?" Xiao Yan also saw that this brother had some thoughts about them early in the morning.

Ask for a ticket~