Chapter 669: Infinite Mountain!

In the blink of an eye, after three days passed, Xiao Yan and his group's strength recovered eighty out of ten with Xiao Yan's endless high-level medicinal pills. As for Mu Feng and Lu Flute, it was also vaguely due to this high-level battle. About to touch the threshold of the six-star fighting emperor's life calamity.

"Since everyone's reply is almost the same, then it's time to enter the three major mountain ranges." Xiao Yan got up first and said to the four next to him.

"It's almost there, I can feel the strength in my body is improving. If I wasn't in a hurry during the competition, I'm afraid I can try to break through the six-star Dou Emperor life calamity right now." Mu Feng heard the words and grinned.

"Breaking through the six-star Dou Emperor's life calamity, this matter can't be rushed, otherwise..." Green Flute and Mu Feng were in the same situation, but only spoke slightly. Obviously, to break through the six-star Dou Emperor's life calamity, one must be fully prepared.

"Hey, I know, that's what I said casually." Mu Feng naturally knew the concern of Green Flute and laughed.

"Are you two okay?" Xiao Yan asked Ling Xuan and Mu Yingying.

"Hehe, you also know that you care about people. Just now, the two of us dealt with the four powerhouses of the Dawning team, we and I..." Ling Xuan just thought about Xiao Yan being shabby for a while, and found that Xiao Yan just dealt with the light path of the Dawning team. , The six-star Dou Di consummate powerhouse, the tyranny of the light path, Lingxuan is obvious to all, so she can't help but be speechless.

"We're fine."

"It's you, you just used the power of holy flame, are you alright?" Mu Yingying smiled slightly.

"It's okay, the first time I used the power of the holy flame, I didn't control the holy flame."

"But if there is a next time, I believe that the light path will not last for five minutes in my hands." Xiao Yan smiled confidently.

This is not a joke. If Xiao Yan uses the holy flame, the most terrifying power of the holy flame will directly suppress the opponent. In addition to the horror of the holy flame, Xiao Yan is confident that he is absolutely invincible under the Seven Star Dou Emperor. !

"If that's the case, then let's go." Xiao Yan got up and walked towards the boulders in front of the five.

This boulder is very conspicuous, and at a glance, it is known that it is the place where three wooden signs are placed for entry.

"We have a lot of wooden tokens now." The group of five slowly came to the boulder, and then Mu Feng looked at the wooden tokens in Xiao Yan's hand and couldn't help laughing.

"There's no way, there are only three pieces of this wooden plaque that are useful. Once we enter, the other wooden plaques will turn into dust." Lingxuan said.

"I always feel that this mission is not just as simple as defeating the Five Elements Beasts, and it seems that these three mountain ranges make me feel uneasy." Mu Yingying slowly stared at the three mountain ranges hidden behind the boulder. Speak now.

"Let's go ahead and talk about it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he immediately took out three wooden tokens from his hand and threw them at the three grooves on the boulder.

"Shabu Shabu!" The three wooden plaques entered the groove on the boulder accurately, and then the boulder suddenly emitted a dazzling halo. The next moment, Xiao Yan and the others were immediately enveloped by the dazzling halo !

"Boom boom boom!" There was a sound like a cogwheel of a giant wheel, and then the figures of Xiao Yan and the five became transparent, passed through the huge rock directly, and then disappeared!

"Cough cough cough..."

"What a powerful suppressing force." In this mystery, Xiao Yan suddenly felt an indescribable pressure during the teleportation process, so he could only grit his teeth secretly.

"Susu, these guys, there seems to be something good in there." Right behind Xiao Yan, the Yinmu sent by the Ghost Emperor slowly made a very eerie sound, and immediately said.

"However, the restriction here is so strong. If it wasn't for the existence of ghosts here, or I wouldn't be able to enter here, it would be God's help for me." After Yinmu finished speaking, he went directly to the place where Xiao Yan and the others disappeared before the boulder. , a spooky black aura gushed out directly, and then merged with a very faint ghostly aura behind the boulder!

The next moment, Yinmu's figure disappeared directly, apparently entering the three major mountain ranges.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's group of five had already entered the three major mountain ranges through the teleportation of the boulder, but at the last moment, a huge and irresistible force attacked and swept the five people away.

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Mu Feng was very anxious, because these three mountain ranges are not a joke. If you are not careful, I am afraid that the situation will be extremely bad. Moreover, Mu Feng is only the perfect strength of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. In the mountains, it is quite difficult.

"Why are these three mountain ranges so weird?" Mu Feng scolded a few words secretly, then calmed down, and just came to one of these three mountain ranges, he felt a gloomy and eerie aura, this aura was not ordinary Ghosts are a bit like creatures made up of decent people and ghosts.

"This should be the Five Elements Mountain Range, but I don't know where Xiao Yan and the others went." Mu Feng spoke slowly and then said.

After Mu Feng finished speaking, the dark blue battle qi poured out from his body, the wooden sword was clenched tightly in his hand, and he was always vigilant in all directions.

As for Lvdi and Lingxuan, they came to the Tianmu Mountains.

"Where are the others?" Green Flute had just stabilized her figure when she realized that Xiao Yan and the others were gone, and said immediately.

"do not know."

"This kind of thing has never happened in these three major mountain ranges. I don't know what happened recently?"

"It's really weird." Ling Xuan looked around slightly and said.

In the past, every time they had this kind of competition in the Burning Incense Pavilion, Lingxuan would know more or less some rules and stories from her father, but she had never heard her father talk about such a situation, and she was immediately shocked.

"Here...otherwise, the Five Elements Mountain Range, where the Five Elements Beasts live, is a bit like the Tianmu Mountain Range." After looking around for a while, Ling Xuan also found something wrong.

The Five Elements Mountain Range is dominated by the Five Elements beasts, and they all show the number of the five elements. Whether it is the direction of the mountains or some trees, they all show the five elements.

There are no rules in the Tianmu Mountain Range, but this place is extremely dangerous than the Five Elements Mountain Range. If you are not careful, you will be distracted by the Tianmu Giant Beast, and I am afraid that the Immortal Fighting Powerhouse will not be able to do anything.

As for the most dangerous Boundless Mountain, it was shrouded in smoke all day long.

"Be careful, the Tianmu Mountains are no better than the Five Elements Mountains, we should go out here first to find Xiao Yan and the others."

"I don't know where they went?" After Ling Xuan finished speaking, she slowly looked around and walked slowly.

"Sure enough, they were scattered." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying came to Boundless Mountain.

"Before I entered this place, I felt that something was abnormal in this place." Mu Yingying glanced around with her beautiful eyes, and found that the three of Green Flute, Mu Fengling, and Lingxuan were nowhere to be seen. Naturally, she had expected it.

"I also feel that there seems to be something unusual here, why don't you go in and take a look?" Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"That's what I meant." Mu Yingying said with a smile.

As soon as Mu Yingying finished speaking, the blue holy flame suddenly poured out, and then shot directly at Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan's eyes are fast, but when he was just about to make it seem like he saw Mu Yingying winking at him, he immediately let Mu Yingying attack.

"Your holy flame... there seems to be something wrong." Mu Yingying knocked back Xiao Yan a few steps with one palm, and then on Xiao Yan's body, the heart rock seemed to fall into some kind of deep sleep.

"Cough cough cough."

"What's the problem?" Xiao Yan stabilized his mind, not knowing why Mu Yingying's attack just now put Xinyan into a deep sleep, and immediately spoke up. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: