Chapter 647: Dark Crow Demon Emperor

When the Fenxiang Pavilion was in full swing, some secret forces in the distance were also eager to move.

Xuanling City outside the Xuanling Royal Family.

In the huge auction hall of Xuanling City, inside a beautiful house, the house is full of gold and silver jewelry, which looks quite luxurious.

At this time, a Qianying was slowly lying on the bed, and then the space within a few meters of the bed was squirming slightly, and a group of black qi was born in an instant.

"Isn't this a dark crow?"

"It's really been a long time." A sweet voice sounded slowly, and then on the bed, a woman with a seductive radian smiled.

Taking a closer look, isn't this the Blood Rose who controlled the Xuanling Royal Family and even the auction in Xuanling City!

"Hehe, Blood Rose, it seems that you are getting more nourished." The man known as the Dark Crow snorted slowly, his body was wrapped in black robes, and a bewitching crow stood on his shoulders.

"Hehe, I didn't use that opportunity at the beginning, so I can't blame it." Xue Qiangwei was still lying on the bed and said lazily, the looming white skin and some mysterious places were quite tempting.

"Lord Gravedigger let me tell you that the plan must be carried out in advance." Dark Crow naturally wouldn't be disturbed by Blood Rose, so he opened his mouth slightly.

"Humph!"

"Grave Digging Ghost Immortal, don't be a bad thing, after all, you can't eat hot tofu in a hurry." Blood Rose sneered.

"According to his instructions, the Fenxiang Pavilion is now conducting a competition in the sect. The location is at Luoling Mountain. I have already sent someone to go there." Dark Crow said slightly.

"What!" Hearing the words, Blood Rose stood up suddenly, her brows furrowed, and she was extremely angry with the dark crow.

"Grave digging!" A loud shout came out of his mouth.

"Damn it, you will only wipe out our entire army!"

"We have been preparing for hundreds of years, no matter how much hatred, shouldn't we wait?" Blood Rose's pupils were stained with a trace of blood, and ghosts emerged from her body, and she said angrily to the dark crow.

"I'm just following orders." Facing the powerful pressure of Blood Rose, the crow on the shoulder of the dark crow suddenly made a strange sound.

"No, take your people back immediately!"

"At this juncture, nothing can happen." Blood Rose knew that her and Dark Raven's strengths were almost the same. After all, the two were one of the nine ghost emperors in the ghost world, so she had to say solemnly.

"No way, I'm afraid he has already entered Luoling Mountain." Dark Crow said without any change in his face.

"Humph!"

"Don't think I don't know what you are thinking, the twin ghost emperors are his own fault, and the ghost emperor's heart is not on that human being."

"Back then, there were some mysterious powerhouses in the Yin Corpse Forest, so I'm afraid that the Ghost Emperor's Heart has already been taken away by others." Xue Qiangwei naturally knew the mind of this Tomb Digging Ghost Immortal.

"This is just one of them. I don't know the intention of Lord Guixian. I was ordered to do things before."

"This time, I'm just here to tell you." Dark Crow said gloomily.

"I know, I will bypass you this time. If there is another unauthorized act like this, I am afraid that the other two Guixian adults will not bypass you!" Xue Qiangwei bit her heart and spoke slightly.

"Everyone is in charge of their own." After the dark crow finished speaking, he didn't bother to stay here any longer, and then slowly turned into countless crows and dissipated in the house.

With the disappearance of the dark crow, the anger suppressed by the blood rose suddenly burst out, and spooky ghosts continued to emit, and he kept saying: "Damn gravedigger ghost, what are you doing!"

Blood Rose naturally knew the grievances between the Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal and Burning Incense Pavilion, but this Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal acted very low-key, so Blood Rose would definitely not believe that the Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal fought against the Burning Incense Pavilion for her own personal grievances. .

"Someone." After a short thought, there was no result, and then the blood rose slowly drank.

"Master Ghost Emperor, what's the matter?" Blood Rose's voice just fell, and a ghost guard of the ghost world appeared instantly outside the door.

There are dozens of ghost guards under Xue Qiangwei. The strength of these ghost guards is all trained by Xue Qiangwei, and they are the most trusted subordinates of Xue Qiangwei.

"Find me what the grave digger ghost is doing recently!"

"And let's see if the Dark Crows and the others have found a new entrance to the Mysterious Three Days in addition to the current three passages." Blood Rose said coldly.

"Yes!" The ghost guard heard the words, respectfully, and then slowly stepped back, and then did not disturb the blood rose.

"Damn bastard, what the **** are you trying to do..." Blood Rose still felt that something was wrong.

The Tomb Digger Ghost Immortal and the other two Ghost Immortals have their own Ghost Emperors, and the Ghost Immortals followed by their Ghost Emperors are different.

The dark crow is loyal to follow the tomb digger ghost. As for why the dark crow does not betray, the blood rose is unknown. Anyway, the blood rose of the tomb digger ghost knows that only the dark crow is a ghost. As for the ghost immortals that Blood Rose stood on, there were two ghost immortals.

As for the last one, Blood Rose doesn't know.

"Hehe, it seems that this Blood Rose entered Xuan Santian hundreds of years ago, and it has already been very good." In Xuanling City, the shadow of the dark crow slowly appeared, watching the huge blood rose controlled by the blood rose. In the auction house, I can't help but think slightly I don't know when I will be able to live such a life... Although the ghost world is good, but it is dark all day long, where will there be prosperity in the world. "

"If the tomb-digging Lord Guixian succeeds this time, it can be regarded as a repayment of the kindness I gave to me at the beginning. I can also leave the ghost world with peace of mind and find a holy place on earth to take care of my life." The dark crow's bitter melon face suddenly had a hint of it. Silk smile.

At this moment, outside the distant Burning Incense Pavilion, a man in black robe, surrounded by black aura, slowly took off his black robe, and then showed a very hideous smile.

"Xiao Yan..."

"This time, you made it easier for me to find it." After the figure surrounded by ghosts finished speaking, he stroked the void in front of him, and suddenly a scroll appeared in his hand and threw it in suddenly.

"Shabu!" The next moment, the void in front of the man suddenly shook, and then turned into a vortex, which seemed to lead to a space channel somewhere.

"Fortunately, there is a space teleportation scroll that the Dark Crow gave me, otherwise I might not be able to find the coordinates of Luoling Mountain..."

"Xiao Yan, Ghost Emperor Xin, I'm here." After the man finished speaking, he jumped into it and disappeared.

Just when this man appeared not far from the Fenxiang Pavilion, the Fen Tianyu above the sky immediately became restless, as if it were automatically defending.

"What's wrong?" Seeing this, some disciples in Fenxiang Pavilion who had not participated in the team competition, all looked at Fen Tianyu's changes in confusion.

"It's alright, everyone, let's go and get busy." One of the disciples said slowly, and then those surprised disciples heard the words, all did not hesitate, and went to work on their own.

"It's really not peaceful recently. It seems that I have to report it to the elders." After the disciple finished speaking, he disappeared immediately, obviously looking for someone. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: