Chapter Vol 4 2031: Let more people live!

"Finally, a friendly reminder to you."

"The people on the chessboard are deprived of all their power. They are like mortals. Their fighting skills, holy flames, etc. will fall from the path of the post, and the dropped items will increase their attack power, defense power and vitality. Let's help you with good luck." The evil enchanting scholar said gently and elegantly, as if he was not afraid of Xiao Yan at all, on the contrary there was a touch of fanaticism in his heart.

With a sound, the entire space became restless, and the black throne and the white throne center chessboard swayed rapidly, and the pieces swayed in an orderly manner.

"Xun'er...the king." Seeing the position at the back of the white chessboard, the word "king" flashed above Xun'er's figure, Xiao Yan was relieved.

It seems that this battle must be carried out with the protection of Xun'er as the core, but Xiao Yan found that he could clearly see the people in the forest of death, but he was unable to communicate with Xun'er and the others.

"Guard... the two elders, Bronze and Gu Yulan." After a flickering moment, Xun'er and the two spirit elders were also crawling together. They were very close to Xun'er, and the words behind them indicated their identities.

"Sacrificial sacrifice, Gu Yuan."

"General, Gu Yuan and Great Elder Gu Tianyan."

"The corpse, the two who manage the affairs of the ancients, Gu Qing and Gu Li."

"Scout, the two commanders of the Imperial Army, Gu Li and Gu Xu."

"Post, Gur."

"Ghost, peerless emperor."

Seeing that all the pieces here were slowly taking shape, Xiao Yan kept muttering and nodding, and a shocking wave emerged.

These guys, except for Gu Yuan, Xun'er, Peerless Emperor and Gu Yuan, the other eight are all spirits, and they are highly respected powerhouses among the ancients, their strength reaches the ranks of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, and they are now selected as white Fang Qizi, I am afraid that the evil spirit scholar's intentions are very obvious.

He wanted to torture himself with the chessboard of life and death, so that he could witness the fall of these powerhouses with his own eyes.

"It's time to start playing chess." After everything was ready, the evil scholar said gracefully.

On the Black side, except for the wrong positions of the four people, the other eight are exactly the same as White. On the White chessboard is their soul body, while on the Black side is their body, the body controlled by the foreign evil race. , In addition, the remaining four were also replaced by the four powerhouses from the extraterritorial evil clan.

The Emperor Heifang is the source of evil that controls Gu Yuan. This guy is a capable leader of the Xie Mei Scholar. Qin Mo, who is now thrown into the chessboard of life and death by the Xie Mei Scholar, is also complaining a lot.

Sacrifice, chess magician, mid-stage powerhouse of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

One of the generals, the book demon, is a mid-stage powerhouse of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

Ghosts, painting demons, mid-stage powerhouses of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

For a time, the entire chessboard was extremely quiet, and the chessboard itself was the forest of death. At this moment, the forest of death, the land rose up, turning it into a chessboard, and a magnificent momentum in the forest restrained them. All power, whether it is white or black, can only stay in place quietly.

"There are many squares in the chessboard, and there is a river boundary in the center. If you cross the boundary, you will face the opponent's attack. You can only place it in this way. The movement and attack distance are three squares."

"That's it." Soon, Xiao finished placing his chess pieces, his eyes became deep, and an unprecedented solemnity emerged.

And when Xiao Yan placed the chess pieces, the bodies of Xun'er and the others in the forest of death were also affected by an inexplicable force, they couldn't resist, they could only pray silently and trust Xiao Yan.

The entire chessboard has eight rows and ten steps, with a total of eighty squares, and Xiao Yan's way of placing the pieces is also extremely strange, placing twelve squares on the left and right edges, leaving the center all empty.

The gameplay of this chessboard is somewhat similar to Lu Zhanqi. Each side has twelve pieces, and the identity behind the pieces is known only to the respective players. This chessboard not only tests the strength of the board, but also tests the courage of both sides. Mingqi is more terrifying and exciting.

"Now that you're ready, let's start." The corners of the evil enchanting scholar's mouth became frenzied, and every time he had a life-and-death chessboard test, it would be like this, because in his eyes, the subordinates behind him were just ants who devote themselves to art. Haven't experienced this feeling in a long time.

"Here." Time passed quickly, Xiao Yan's whole body became tense, his spirits lifted to the top, and he immediately took the lead.

Xiao Yan first moved the last "post" Gu Er towards the center of the chessboard by three squares. The moving position was obviously a straight line, and he was in his own faction. Even if some weapons fell on the path of the post, they would avoid being picked up by the opponent. .

"Hehe." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the evil scholar smiled coldly, and immediately a chess piece crossed the river boundary and came to Xiao Yan's camp.

The entire chessboard was divided into eight rows and ten columns on the left and right, and in order to prevent the opponent from attacking rashly, Xiao Yan completely left the first three rows at the river boundary empty.

"Jiu Xuan Chong Mingyan, plus one health?" Looking at the fierce offensive of the evil and charming scholar, Xiao Yan suddenly noticed that a token flashed out just as he passed by the post.

Naturally, this thing is not the source of holy flame, but just a path on the board of life and death, but no one can break the rules of the board of life and death.

"Oh, it's a good thing, but if you don't pick it up for three rounds, it will disappear automatically... So, have you decided who to give it to?" Scholar Xie Mei did not expect Xiao Yan to be so lucky, and immediately laughed, but it was also a matter of time. The location and identity of Xiao Yan's post were determined.

White Fang's post, Gu Er.

"Give it to you." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't look shocked, and immediately gave this thing to one of the generals, Gu Tianyan, so Gu Tianyan's attack power was 2 and his health value was 2.

"Here At this moment, Xiao Yan deliberately moved Gu Tianyan to the back position, creating a pair of This is my king, giving him health protection, and pulling it back to hide in the snow.

"This guy..." Seeing Xiao Yan's way of playing chess, the evil and charming scholar became suspicious.

Normally, with a treasure like life value plus one, ordinary people would naturally give it to their respective kings to ensure their survivability, but the feeling that Xiao Yan gave to Xie Mei Scholar was not so simple.

"Here." After some hesitation, the Xie Charm scholar took all his pieces across the river and entered Xiao Yan's camp. The space offensive seemed to be aimed at killing Xiao Yan's pieces. net.

"This guy, what a fierce offensive." Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately frowned.

Relying on the experience of the Dark Scholar, Xiao Yan has no doubts about the authenticity of the words spoken by the evil and charming scholar. Once the strong man falls in the chessboard of life and death, I am afraid it is the real fall, and Xiao Yan wants to guarantee the wrong life of the twelve people , has been taking defense as offense, but the more Xiao Yan is like this, the more proud the face of the evil and charming scholar, it seems that he has already guessed Xiao Yan's thoughts.

At this moment, there is still no loss on the life and death chessboard, but the battle of one attack and one defense, I am afraid that it will not last long, and it will collapse in an instant, because the Xie Mei Scholar is obviously a master of chess, and his aggressive attack The method is astonishing.

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: