Chapter Vol 4 1292: Top 100!

"Boy, I can't see that you are hiding very deeply." After the burly man's figure had just swelled up, his strength and defense had soared to a new level, which surprised Xiao Yan, so he didn't end the game for a while, after all, he still wanted to Through this competition, I will integrate the power in my body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Each each other." Xiao Yan was too lazy to answer, and responded slightly.

"You are very strong, but if you underestimate me, it will make you die miserably." The burly man shouted loudly, and his body actually swelled up. In just one breath, it swelled to the point of death. ten meters in height.

"This kind of exercise has the same effect as the Dragon God's Nine Transformations, but it is much weaker than the Dragon God's Nine Transformations." Xiao Yan did not rush to make a move, and watched slightly quietly.

After all, this is the first battle, and it is more or less necessary to hide some strength and defeat the opponent with a thunderous momentum, which is obviously not Xiao Yan's style.

"I underestimated you just now. Next, I will show all my strength... After all, being able to fight an equal opponent is a blessing in life." There was a sound of breaking wind due to the man's high-speed movement.

"It's good to come." Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the ancient ruler of Yi Huo Heng stopped directly in front of his chest.

"Bang bang bang!" The burly man's attack was like a frightened bird, his momentum and attack strength were extremely tyrannical, and then the two started to fight slowly, and the fight was indistinguishable for a while.

"This little guy named Xiao Yan, but the owner of the valley has specially instructed the person to take care of..."

"Now it seems that this guy is pretending to be a pig and eating a tiger!" Duan Heng, who was in charge of the arena, couldn't help but see a black line. Obviously, with his eyesight, he naturally knew that Xiao Yan wanted to defeat his opponent, and one move was enough. .

"This guy seems to be a bit strong." The other powerhouses waiting for the competition outside the arena watched the battle between Xiao Yan and the burly man in the arena, and several figures with decent strength couldn't help but said, obviously they also found Xiao Yan inflammatory intent.

"how?"

"The famous Mu Xiao is still afraid of this kind of guy?" There were also two figures in the crowd, who kept talking.

"Bingling, you have to be careful. If you fail this time, I'm afraid the Ice Palace Master doesn't know how to punish you."

"Furthermore, this guy vaguely makes me feel uneasy. Don't look at his strength in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian. If you don't pay attention to it, I'm afraid even you will be defeated by him." Mu Xiao said coldly.

"Humph."

"In the last competition of the eight major families, I just made a mistake. If the time comes again, I will naturally win." The voices of the two of them talking continuously.

"A disciple of the wooden pavilion and the Ice Soul Temple..." Among the crowd, there was a man with a rather dark aura, and he muttered slightly, the aura on this man's body was extremely strange, similar to a ghost, and more evil than a ghost. It vaguely resembles the aura of a foreign evil race. As for why it was not discovered by the guards of Thunder Valley, it is unknown.

The two who spoke were the current disciples of the Wooden Pavilion and the Ice Soul Hall. Their identities and strengths were among their respective forces, and they were both at the top level, so they were cultivated by their respective forces.

"It's actually from the wooden pavilion and the Ice Soul Palace. This first stage of the battle will probably be even more exciting." Some figures clearly discovered the identities of the two and spoke slightly.

Wooden Pavilion and Ice Soul Hall, these are the top forces above East Continent. The strength of ordinary disciples is extremely terrifying, not to mention the disciples who are close to genius. I am afraid that no one can match their strength.

"The outcome is already divided."

"Admit defeat." And just as the outside world was discussing intermittently, the battle in the arena was also decided.

"I... lost." The burly man looked at Xiao Yan in disbelief.

At this time, Xiao Yan's Yihuo Heng ancient ruler directly touched the burly man's throat less than one centimeter. The burly man did not doubt at all. If Xiao Yan wanted to obliterate himself, I am afraid that he would fall if he did not have time to admit defeat.

"In the first round, Xiao Yan wins." Duan Heng heard the words, and he went directly to the arena with a rush of lightning, then took out a crystal ball, registered a message on it, and then announced the result.

The crystal ball records the results, which are naturally some small inventions of the master of the Thunder Valley Valley. Recording them on it can realize the data exchange in the entire mine world, saving a lot of trouble.

"Next, let's go to the second round." After Xiao Yan's battle was over, Xiao Yan also returned to the outside of the arena, but he did not rush to leave. After all, the top 100 will be decided today, so after a while, Xiao Yan should And fighting.

Fortunately, it is still in the audition stage, and the contestants have different levels of strength, so the battle time of a round is very fast.

"Hello, my name is Mu Xiao, let's be a friend." When Xiao Yan just came outside the arena to watch other people fight, a handsome man walked up to him, then stretched out his white The palm of his hand, smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Well?" Xiao Yan asked, raised his head immediately, a hint of doubt flashed in his eyes.

"Don't worry, I just saw that your strength is very strong, and I want to get to know you." Mu Xiao was also worried that Xiao Yan might have misunderstood and explained.

"Hello, Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan clasped his palm lightly, and immediately said with a smile You are very strong, I hope to have the opportunity to fight in an upright manner. "Mu Xiao said seriously.

"Me too." Xiao Yan nodded with a smile, then the two of them separated their palms and watched the game in the arena.

"Aren't the guys in the wooden pavilion all handsome men, why does this guy look like a fighting madman?" Xiao Yan said helplessly.

This Mu Xiao is far from being as simple as it looks on the bright side. Just because of his strength, he has reached the level of the late two-star fighting immortals.

"Hey, this wooden pavilion is one of the eight major families of Leicheng, and there are definitely not many trump cards in hand. For you, this is a rare trial opponent." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"I hope." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

With the end of the second round of battles, Xiao Yan fought five rounds of battles, and then successfully advanced to the top 100 with six wins!

"We have three war zones in the first stage of the East Continent Ratio, and there are a total of 100 arenas. Now all the winners have been decided. Congratulations, the five of you have successfully advanced to the top 100."

"Tomorrow, the powerhouses in your three war zones who have reached the top 100 will gather you together, and the battle between the top 100 will be more intense."

"Now, let's take you all down to rest first." After Duan Heng finished speaking, he slowly nodded to Xiao Yan and the others, and then sent them to the rest area.

At this time, the winners of this arena were Xiao Yan, Muge Muxiao, Bingling of the Binghun Palace, the evil figures who had the aura of a foreign race, and the unknown powerhouses!