Chapter Vol 2 734: 8 steps

"That's fine too?" The mysterious old man above the hall stared directly at Xiao Yan's appearance, stunned.

Entering the place where the treasures of the temple are located, one must defeat the power scattered by the stone pillar, and then absorb the power in the stone pillar, so that it is possible to touch the fighting skill scroll, otherwise the holy-level fighting skill scroll will be lost. The coercion contained in it is enough to kill any six-star fighting emperor, which is why the old man would let Xiao Yan do these things.

The Human Temple fighting skill is called Tiantian Ruler. Although it is well-known among the holy ranks, it has not been cultivated by disciples for thousands of years. This has led to the practice of this fighting skill being forgotten, but its power cannot be underestimated. .

"Hehe, Six-Star Dou Di's perfect strength can't hold so much Qi. Next, let me see how you deal with it." The mysterious old man smiled slowly, and there was a look of anticipation in his voice.

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan in the stone hall had been absorbing power, but Xiao Yan found that it seemed that he couldn't absorb the power himself!

At this time, a gray seed has condensed in the body. I think this seed is the condensed Qi that the mysterious old man said.

"No, if it goes on like this, it will explode." Xiao Yan's mind was condensed, and he snorted immediately.

"Weng Om!" Yihuo Heng Gu Chi also realized that he had absorbed too much power just now, and just wanted to break free from the stone pillar, but found that he and the stone pillar seemed to be entangled!

"Feng Jue, swallow it for me!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes lit up, but he knew how to deal with it!

Following Xiao Yan's explosive drink, the flaming beast in the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body suddenly opened its pupils and stared at this enormous power with anticipation!

"Enter!" Xiao Yan absorbed the remaining power with all his strength, and immediately said with a smile.

And following Xiao Yan's actions, the remaining flames were swallowed up by the flame beasts in their bodies, and in the end they didn't even know what to do.

"Huhuhu." After doing all this, Xiao Yan sat down directly, gasping for breath.

"This kid, there should be something in his body..."

"But forget it, this guy is the same as the kid back then. It took seven days to solve these matters. It seems that this time we have an incredible disciple in the Human Palace." After the mysterious old man finished speaking, he got up slightly, He waved gently at the stone hall under his feet.

Immediately, a majestic force emerged, and immediately the confinement of the stone hall disappeared, and the figure of the old man slowly appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"Senior, this should be alright, right?" Xiao Yan was not surprised when he saw this mysterious old man appearing. He passed all the tests just now, and it was time to get in touch with the fighting skill scroll.

"That's right, that's right, you've all passed, which proves that you have the qualifications to cultivate the treasures of our human palace." The old man did not delay, and said directly to Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan heard this, he was immediately overjoyed, this was something he had coveted for a long time.

"Okay, since you can't wait so much, let's get started."

"But remember, if you can't bear it, then choose to quit. Although your fighting skills are good, you won't lose your life." The old man said slowly.

"Okay." Xiao Yan responded, and then fixed his eyes on the eight steps in the center of the stone hall.

"What you see is the place where our Human Temple Dou Technique scrolls are stored, but don't underestimate the eight steps. The eight steps contain extremely powerful repulsive force. If you don't absorb the ruler on the stone pillar. I am afraid that even the Nine Star Dou Emperor powerhouses will not be able to get close, after absorbing it, it can indeed lighten a little burden." said the mysterious old man.

"I'm going to try." Xiao Yan heard the words, and a fiery radiance appeared in his heart. This was something that was in front of him, but he didn't mean to back down at all.

"One step, two steps." Xiao Yan took a few steps gently and suddenly came to the eight steps in front of him.

These eight steps are in a raised state, one is higher than the other, and where the eighth step is, the figure of the fighting skill scroll is looming.

"Gulu!" Xiao Yan's eyes flashed with a dignified look, and then he stepped on it!

Just as he took the first step on the steps, overwhelming pressure burst out from Ping An Eighth, causing Xiao Yan's body to sting slightly.

"Damn, such a strong repulsive force." Xiao Yan said coldly, but there was an extremely firm gaze in those eyes.

The next moment, Xiao Yan is on his way!

The second one!

The pressure of the second one was more than three times stronger than that of the first one. When he got here, Xiao Yan had to unleash the power of his whole body, that is, the power of the gray seeds, to wrap his entire body. Yan knew that the power on these eight steps was exactly the same as the power in the stone pillar he had just absorbed!

"Huhu." The power of the gray chi chi seeds just appeared, and it immediately relieved Xiao Yan countless pressures. After a few breaths, Xiao Yan stepped into the stairs!

This time, Xiao Yan exuded a gray aura, and without hesitation, he suddenly stepped into the third, fourth, and second steps!

Before the terrifying pressure on those two steps appeared, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and stepped directly into the fifth and sixth steps!

"Good boy." Seeing this, the mysterious old man on the side couldn't help but admire Xiao Yan.

The pressure contained in these eight steps is difficult even for me, and the heart guy can be so relaxed one after another.

"Damn it!" After Xiao Yan reached the sixth step, the tingling pain from his body indicated that he was about to reach the limit, and on Xiao Yan's forehead, sweat was pouring down like rain.

"No way is close at hand, we can't give up so easily." Xiao Yan snorted coldly, then slowly picked up his steps and walked towards the seventh stage!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as he stepped into the seventh floor, Xiao Yan, who was suddenly suppressed by an invisible pressure, was almost out of breath. Xiao Yan's eyes were slightly red, obviously reaching the limit.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hey, boy, you are very good. The previous disciples only stepped into the sixth stage. Now you are very good at the seventh floor."

"Come back, if you continue like this, your body will not be able to withstand the explosion and die." The mysterious old man watched Xiao Yan stalemate on the seventh stage for a while, and immediately said.

"Come back!" Seeing that Xiao Yan didn't respond, the mysterious old man immediately said worriedly, this guy is Zhu Jin's disciple, if anything goes wrong with him, I'm afraid that old guy will tear him directly.

"Do not……"

"I……"

"It's okay!" The next moment, facing the power of the mysterious old man, Xiao Yan directly refused, and then a dazzling power emerged.

With the emergence of this power, Xiao Yan's footsteps also smoothly entered the eighth floor, and as Xiao Yan stepped into the eighth floor, the invisible pressure disappeared instantly, and the battle for the treasure of the palace of the people was gone. How did the skill scroll appear in front of Xiao Yan.

"Good boy, he actually succeeded..." Seeing this, the mysterious old man couldn't help but stare at Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!