Chapter Vol 4 2153: Divine Rune Summons, Archangel Comes! ...

"Now, do you know?"

Liu Yun shook her head gently, her voice was full of melancholy, these words were intended to tell Xiao Yan.

"They...are they in the underworld?"

At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes were filled with a trace of doubt, and he boldly guessed.

"do not know."

"Maybe they are on the way to escape, or maybe they have already been obliterated."

"The end of everything is still waiting for you to explore by yourself, and we can't help you."

"Even if we help you, we can only do it in secret until all the truth is revealed. After all, there are still many forces that are eyeing the descendants of the Xiao clan, but it's just because of some Xiao clan allies, it's not easy to take action."

Speaking of which, Liu Yun finally revealed such a rather mysterious remark.

"Why do you know so many secrets?"

This is Xiao Yan's greatest concern.

"Because... I am him, and he is me!"

"Relying on the supreme magic formula of the demon world, our memories coexist together!"

After Liu Yun finished speaking, without words, her beautiful eyes returned to their original fluctuations, as if the appearance just now was just possessed, extremely mysterious.

"It's messed up."

"The whole thing is messed up!"

At this moment, all the power in Xiao Yan's body trembled, his thoughts began to be sorted out, and he slowly sorted out the information of the Xiao family that he had learned.

Xiao Clan, hero of the Great Thousand World.

After the First World War, he disappeared strangely.

Countless allies of the Xiao family and forces that secretly hate the Xiao family.

After that, someone from the ancestors of the Xiao clan once crossed the divine road and became a divine residence.

The Ten Halls of Yama...

At the same time, some kind of strange change has taken place in the two above the sky, and even the distant kingdom of heaven is undergoing some kind of change.

"You don't seem to give up yet?"

The eyes of the Demon Emperor are glowing with golden luster and green demon light. The green demon light is extremely domineering, and the golden luster is indescribable. It is the power of the divine path that surpasses ordinary reincarnation!

"I didn't expect you to actually enter the path of God, and you even retreated completely, gaining the most mysterious power in the path of God."

"It's no wonder that your strength and combat effectiveness were so terrifying during the first World War, and then you were besieged by several strong men, and you didn't die."

Pope Miffel ignored the angel wings, the breath of light and other powers passing over his body. The old face smiled, the smile was distorted, and it was extremely hideous. Big things are about to happen.

Even if he underestimated the demon emperor's strength this time, the victor will definitely not be him easily!

Fortunately, I left behind!

"What the **** are you doing!"

At this time, looking at Pope Miffel who had fallen into madness, the demon emperor's brows were slightly wrinkled. With his sense of smell, he could vaguely perceive a rather strange aura, which was awakening from Miffel's body.

I am a little familiar with that breath, but I can't remember what kind of power it is anyway!

"Child of Light Divine Mark!"

"Summon!"

The crazy and high-pitched voice fell, and Miphael, who was at a loss, waved his palm, and directly pulled out a white light pattern wrapped and imprisoned by countless red blushes from his arms, rolled his palm, and threw it towards the sky in an instant!

The milky white holy pattern, once thrown, spreads and rises in the void and the brilliance of the sun. After the breath, the whole world becomes scorching hot, and bursts of white flames are ignited, and the whole situation has been divided into chaos. stand up.

Everyone looked up, only to see scenes of light, ripples and flames rippling open, among them it turned out to be a holy flame that contained supreme, extremely thick, filling the whole world!

Under this power, they once again felt unprecedented heart palpitations!

"The Divine Mark of the Child of Light?"

"You really are an out-and-out lunatic."

At this moment, the demon emperor's calm face couldn't help becoming a little serious. As the radiance of the holy pattern rolled, the void around him began to shatter, and thick milky white flames swept out, and even the center of the divine pattern was faint. There is a powerful figure that is about to break through the void and come.

The power of the divine way is enough to make the demon emperor almost invincible in the same rank, but now he has not recovered his arrogant weapon, and his strength has not returned to the peak.

After all, my current self is only in the fifth-order realm. I really want to face the angels of the angel kingdom, and I have to fight on the premise of protecting Doudi Continent and Xiao Yan and others, and the pressure is increasing!

Most importantly, there are Xiao Yan, a descendant of the Xiao family, Liu Yun, his lover, and others. No matter what, the Demon Emperor must protect them.

"Hahaha!"

"Even if this emperor is guilty, it's still not your turn to be tried by the supernatural demon emperor!"

"I will obey the final judgment of the kingdom of angels!"

"But this time, the winner is still me."

Miffel's voice fell, and the entire sky began to rippling. One after another six-pointed star formations swept from the edge of the distant Douyun Continent, forming a bright ocean above the sky. The divine pattern of the Son of Light bloomed slowly, as if calling from the sky. The strong men of the kingdom of angels have come here.

At this moment, in the whole world, bright stigmata burst open one after another, it seems that there is a holy sea of ​​light reflected in the sky of the holy city!

In the holy sea of ​​light, endless sacred brilliance is constantly wriggling and rising, and a majestic giant shadow is rapidly brewing in the horizon of the holy sea of ​​light.

"Sky Mark."

At this moment, a touch of warmth flashed in Liu Yun's eyes, her body lifted into the sky, and she faced off against the Demon Emperor, her palms and fingers embraced, quite warm and firm, without any fear.

"The Son of Light in the previous life, whether it is strength or temperament, is the real strategic power of the Great Thousand World. The Son of Light's Divine Rune in the Dacheng period, with the addition of the angel's divine power, even I can't be against him."

"That child of light, even I admire him very much."

"However, the Son of Light in this life has been reduced to a puppet. Even the source of the divine runes has been deprived by the people inside the Holy See. It's really ridiculous."

With ten fingers embracing Liu Yun, the demon emperor shook his head slightly, not afraid, and spoke in a deep voice that sounded like thunder resounding through the sky.

"Last time, the power of the divine path did not spread successfully, and it was sealed away by other strong men."

"This time... even if the strength has not yet returned to its peak, no one can stop us."

The demon emperor said softly, his voice vibrating and powerful, the green demon light around his body squirmed, and even a trace of golden divine power quietly rippled.

"And I."

"And us."

Xiao Yan, Gu Xingtian and others behind him rushed into the sky together, looking at the churning stigmata in the holy sea in the distance and the intensifying breath of the majestic sacred figure, they said in unison.

"This is our home, let's protect it together."

"This thing summoned by the Holy See, I am afraid that the Demon Emperor needs to deal with it in person."

Gu Xingtian said with a condensed expression.

"It's natural."

"Soul Eater, Doudi Continent is a fertile land, you must protect it."

"This angel, leave it to me."

As soon as the voice fell, the demon emperor rose into the air, and endless fighting intent slanted out.

A moment later, beside Xiao Yan, the Master of Soul Eater also stepped out, endless ghostly ghosts, forming a ghost fog, firmly protecting them in it!

"teacher……"

Xiao Yan saw the Soul Eater Lord Black Robe on his body, and the familiar aura made Xiao Yan smile slightly.

"Don't worry, with us here, no matter who it is this time, it can't be turbulent here."

The Lord of Soul Eater also sneered, and circles of gloomy ghosts spread out with the power of reincarnation.

At this moment, the heaven and the earth boiled, the holy sea roared and rolled, and the milky white flames wriggled around the body of the Son of Light, and an extremely terrifying figure was about to descend here!

That's an angel!

He is the supreme real angel above the kingdom of angels!

Definitely not comparable to these pedantic Holy See angels from the Nether!

Recommend the new book of the city **** Lao Shi: