Chapter Vol 4 1683: War breaks out in advance!

At the same time, a dark area within the void of Li Soul Territory.

"King..." In a gloomy corner, thousands of figures were lined up. These guys were dressed in neat military uniforms, and the evil aura was confused with the bright aura. It was quite strange. Respectfully said to a woman in front of him.

The woman is wearing a pair of simple clothes, but the power hidden under the shadow is enough to destroy the world. The bright lines in the heart, together with the bright eyes, contain a trace of strange power, which pushes the breath of this woman. to the real peak.

Demon of Light.

"Is the investigation clear?"

"Who made a presumptive decision to go to the Holy Tan of the Undying to try to compete for holy flame, or even steal a pure heart for this purpose." The woman's voice seemed to be light and lovesick, which was quite pleasant, but the anger in her voice was full of anger , but it can't hide it.

"Wang... I'm sorry, they are my subordinates." For a time, among the thousands of people, a burly man walked out dignifiedly.

"Feng Tian...you?" Watching the man walk out, the woman standing beside the Demon of Light couldn't help but be surprised.

The Demon of Light is the real powerhouse among the evil tribes outside the realm. The demon army under his command is called a demon guard. Although there are only a thousand demon guards, all of them are well-trained powerhouses, and there are also demon guards among them. Strength and weakness.

The demon of light is the strongest, but I don't know if it has touched the reincarnation. Below it are the left and right wings of the demon. The left and right wings are the confidants of the demon of light. The strength is also at the level of eight-star fighting immortals. After that, it is in charge of the demon guards. The leaders of the great demons, the strength of these leaders hovers between the seven stars, followed by the most common demon guards, but among the demon guards, the one with the lowest strength is also in the ranks of fighting immortals, so this army of only a few thousand people was Many powerhouses in the Seven Realms are afraid.

"Wang... the subordinates are not properly managed, and I ask the king to convict him!" The demon leader didn't change his mind, knelt down on one knee and said respectfully.

"King Reporter... I have already figured out the doorway and the location of the temple of Li Soul Domain. Now the Lord of Li Soul is sluggish, it seems that he has entered a deep retreat, which is the best opportunity to attack." At the same time, the void squirmed, A demon leader appeared at Du.

"Let's start the war..."

"The target this time is the four temples of the Lord of Li Soul, and the main target is the Lord of Li Soul."

"I'll make you pay back everything you've done to him." As soon as the voice fell, the thousand-strong team was divided into ten groups and launched a real attack on Li Soul Territory, and this so-called light The devil, the hatred of the master of the soul, has reached the bone marrow of hatred.

Although Li Hunyu had gathered a lot of powerhouses, it suffered heavy losses for a while. Therefore, the real war was also caused by the complete launch of the demon of light.

On the other side.

The battle of the immortal fire slowly passed. Although the powerhouses of the five major courtyards were extremely dissatisfied with it, at the last moment, under the terrifying power of Xiao Yan, they could only withdraw.

After they went back, they spread the news that Xiao Yan was human and possessed three holy flames. Suddenly Xiao Yan became the most famous person on the most wanted list in Li Soul Domain. Countless powerhouses tried to find Xiao Yan to kill him so that Taking Sheng Yan as his own, but Xiao Yan's situation is quite strange, they spent a lot of energy and could not find it.

Even the Ten Thousand Fire Sect under Xiao Yan was almost affected by this, but fortunately, due to the protection of the dean of the Spiritual Academy and others, the Ten Thousand Fire Sect had nothing to do, and even the strong souls of the Li Soul Realm were interested in arresting Xiao. Yan, the current Xiao Yan is still swallowing the fire of immortality in the Holy Tan of Immortality, and they have nothing to do.

However, just when many experts were surprised that Xiao Yan was carrying three holy flames, a piece of bad news came, which shocked the entire Li Soul Realm with five thunders.

Among the shrines of the Lord of Souls, the North Shrine.

"What's going on?" In the North Temple, there is nothing but four huge stone pillars, and the rest are flat ground. At this time, dozens of high-level leaders have gathered here. The lowest strength of these high-level leaders is also the level of Six-Star Fighting Immortals, and even Yes, there are also seven-star level powerhouses. They are all the tyrannical masters of the planes under Li Soul Territory or even a hero, which naturally includes the dean of the grounds.

"what happened?"

"I didn't ask you to go to clean up the suspected Soul Eater Domain. What's the matter with you?" Above the lobby, a white-haired old man squinted and asked.

The body of this old man is very familiar to them. This guy is the uncle who guards the North Temple, the Lord of Li Soul, and controls the most tyrannical Li Soul Guard.

"Uncle... In the territory of Li Soul Territory, I found a demon guard under the demon of light..."

"They not only disguised to avoid our perception, but even entered the Holy Tan of the Undying to try to compete for holy flame." One of the men said with an ugly expression.

"The devil of light..." When Bo Lao heard the words, he slowly stroked his white beard with both hands.

"Sir, please also invite the Lord of the Soul to come out and discuss countermeasures together!" For a while, seeing the old man's attitude, these strong men panicked.

They are all the subordinates of the Lord of Li Soul. Now the enemy is facing the enemy, and the demon guards are coveting them. In addition to the Soul Eater Realm where the enemy's situation is unknown, countless strong people in the entire Li Soul Realm are very worried.

They knew that if something happened to Li Hunyu, they would not be able to get rid of it, so they were so nervous.

"Your Excellency is temporarily unable to show up for important matters. Now, everything in the temple will be discussed by the masters of our four major temples. You don't have to worry about it." The old man stroked his white beard and smiled at everyone.

"Hall Master!"

"The origin of the Demon of Light is mysterious, and he is one of the most mysterious kings among the evil races outside the realm. Moreover, this guy is still at the level of a white king, so it should not be underestimated!" Ya insisted that even if they were threatening to commit the following crimes, they must resolve this matter.

"I said it before!"

"Let's all go back." Seeing this, Bo Lao's voice shook slightly, and a dazzling energy ripple spread out, like a real master, no one could shake it.

"Alas..." Everyone heard the words and they could only shake their heads secretly, move their footsteps slightly, and try to leave the temple.

"Hall...Hall Master!"

"The big thing is bad!" In an instant, an armored figure with a figure as fast as a ghost trembled from the void in an instant, with a nervous expression, and countless **** auras permeated the armor, which was quite terrifying.

"This guy...isn't Li Hunwei's squad leader?"

"Why are you so embarrassed?"

"What's the matter?" The strong man on the scene couldn't help but stop when he saw this scene.

"Speak." Seeing this, Bo Lao slowly clenched his palms and asked immediately.

"The demon of light led the demon guards under his command, and the troops were divided into ten groups...and began to attack our Li Hunyu." Li Hunwei's expression was serious, and every voice in his voice was extremely heavy.

"Clang!" With a sound, the four heaven-reaching stone pillars in the temple shattered instantly, and an aura of awe burst out from Uncle Lao's body.

"Call the other three hall masters, and the remaining powerhouses, go to the front line to resist the demon of light first." The old man's figure sounded like a bell.

"My subordinates take orders!" Listening to Uncle's words, the strong people present also understood, their figures disappeared, and they followed Li Hunwei towards the front line.

"It should come, after all, there is no escape."

"Master, that choice was wrong after all, it angered the three forces of the Three Realms, and this demon of light, I always felt as if I knew it." After watching, his footsteps trembled, and he immediately walked out of the temple. .

At this moment, the Demon of Light's declaration of war on Li Soul Territory also started completely.

The real war has also started completely.