Chapter Vol 4 865: Bright Moon Disciple, Douxian Cangkey

"Crash!" As soon as everyone entered the hall, the crowd was suddenly overwhelmed by the enormous pressure.

Fortunately, the Jade Rabbit exuded a gentle power in time, and the pressure was greatly reduced.

"Brother Xiao Mu!"

"It's actually you?"

"You finally came to see me."

"I'm so happy, I knew you wouldn't leave me alone." Just when Xiao Yan was about to take a look around, an extremely sweet voice instantly echoed in the hall!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And Xiao Yan followed the voice.

Impressively, he saw a purple cage in which a beautiful figure was standing on the edge of the purple cage with his hands dead, his eyes were quite soft, staring at himself!

"Hey, this girl." Yutu and the Demon Whale heard the words, and a trace of sympathy flashed in their eyes.

If it wasn't for her existence, I'm afraid that the two evil races from outside the territory would have already escaped, and it would have been a bloodbath at that time!

"Gudong!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes fell into deep thought when he saw Qianying's pupils in the cage, and at the same time, a very familiar scene appeared in Xiao Yan's mind!

What came into Xiao Yan's mind was the scene of this handsome figure and a man snuggling in front of him!

However, on the man, Xiao Yan vaguely felt that his blood was the same.

It feels like that, it is the power of the blood of the same family!

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Seeing this, Mu Yingying was about to stop Xiao Yan, but Yutu reached out her hand and stopped her.

"Don't worry, he is safe now, he just remembered something." Yutu said.

After Yutu spoke, Yueru and Mu Yingying became quiet.

"Huhu." After a few breaths, Xiao Yan regained his composure, but an unbelievable look appeared on his cheeks!

Because when he just saw the shadow in the cage, Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something!

In my memory, the man who cuddled with the woman looked exactly the same as me!

If it wasn't for the conspicuous scar between the man's eyebrows, it would be really hard to tell the difference!

"I'm sorry, although I'm very similar to him, but I'm not him." Although Xiao Yan knew that saying this would inevitably cause some blow to the woman in front of him, he still said.

"you and him……"

"It's really similar."

"Whether it's strength or looks." Qian Ying's previous joy was swept away, and her eyes returned to emptiness.

"Although I don't know who he is, but I think he must still be waiting for you." Xiao Yan glanced at the stone statue in front of him, and was shocked to find that he was exactly the same as the man he had just seen, even the Yihuo Henggu behind him. The feet are the same!

"you……"

"Also from the Xiao clan?" After a while, Qian Ying in the cage suddenly said to Xiao Yan.

"Yes!" Xiao Yan was immediately overjoyed when he heard the words. He just felt the aura of blood from this man and wanted to ask the woman about the Xiao family.

"And you also seem to have a familiar aura." After Qianying finished speaking, her slender fingers moved slightly, and then Xiao Yan only felt that the source of holy flame in his body seemed to emerge uncontrollably.

"It really is Fire Heart Tianyan!" Seeing this, Qian Ying was immediately overjoyed!

"Senior knows this thing?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

Since this woman can mobilize your Huoxin Tianyan in her body out of thin air, I am afraid that this woman has something to do with Huoxin Tianyan.

"I can not."

"But he can."

"And this holy flame was originally his thing." Qian Ying stared at the flame in front of her softly, and then looked at the stone statue beside her.

"Senior Xiao Mu?" Xiao Yan nodded immediately when he heard the words, because from the time he was in the desert mountain range, Xiao Yan knew that the previous owner of Huoxin Tianyan was Xiao Mu.

Although I don't know why Xiao Mu is storing the holy flame, Xiao Yan seems to feel that Xiao Mu is not dead.

"This holy flame is actually Xiao Muliu's backhand. First, it's for the foreign evil clan in the Fairy Moon Ruins, and second, it's also for your Xiao clan's affairs."

"After all, what happened back then was too quiet, and all the people of the Xiao family disappeared overnight..." Qian Ying said suddenly.

"For our Xiao clan?"

"It all disappeared overnight?" Xiao Yan suddenly became puzzled when he heard this.

If it was to suppress the foreign evil clan that was also in the ruins of the Fairy Moon in Xuantian Sansan, Xiao Yan would inevitably admire Xiao Mu's prophet of uncertainty, but if it was for the Xiao clan, then the secret inside was enormous.

"Huoxin Tianyan is far stronger than you think, and inside, I can feel that there is something that Xiao Mu put there." Qian Ying said.

"Is there something else in the holy flame?"

"Why didn't I feel it?" Xiao Yan was immediately puzzled when he heard this.

Huoxin Tianyan Xiao Yan has been thoroughly inspected, and there is no other power or things.

"Xiao Mu Douxian's strength, there is something hidden that you, a little Dou Di, can't find."

"However, your strength will reach the Nine Star Dou Di in the future, and you will be able to know what Xiao Mu has put in by urging you to use that special technique."

"I can feel that that thing is of great help to you in finding the Xiao family." Qian Ying said slightly.

"Nine Star Dou Di?" Xiao Yan heard the words and secretly wrote down such a huge amount of information in his heart.

After all, many people have said before that if you want to use the true power of Sheng Yan, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's strength must at least reach the level of the Nine-Star Dou Di So for what Qian Ying said at this time, Xiao Yan naturally does not have any A hint of doubt.

"This little girl also has a holy flame on her body. In this case, two holy flames will have a chance to deal with these two guys." Qianying stared at Mu Yingying and said.

Mu Yingying was stared at by Qianying like this, and she immediately felt uncomfortable and did not dare to look directly at Qianying.

"However, this little girl's holy flame is a bit strange, and it actually forcibly seals the spirit of holy flame..." Qian Ying said to herself.

"Okay, let's get down to business."

"My name is Cang Key, and I am the only female disciple under the constellation Bright Moon Andromeda."

"The strength is one star to fight immortals. As for these two things behind me, you should know what they are, right?" Qian Ying said to Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan in the next moment.

However, when talking about the two things behind him, his voice became heavy. Obviously, even with the strength of Cang Key's one-star fighting immortal level, it was quite difficult.

"Are you two exalted foreigners?" Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

"That's right." Cang Key said with a smile when he heard the words. He didn't expect that this guy Xiao Yan would not show any fear in the face of the two venerable foreigners.

"The task of the two of you today is to assist me."

"To expel this alien race together." After Qianying finished speaking, her voice suddenly became solemn, and Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan stepped forward at the same time and came to the purple cage.

Three shifts today