Chapter Vol 2 845: Mysterious Elf (Limited Happy)

Although the man died inexplicably just now, Xiao Yan still found some clues.

Just now that person was the furthest away from him, and in the early stage of the powerful Seven Star Dou Di, his attribute was wind.

"What?" When everyone heard the words, their expressions immediately became strange in the darkness.

"It's too dark here. The two of you are fire-type alchemists. Let's make some fire." In this darkness, some people couldn't stand such a terrifying scene, and immediately said to Xiao Yan and Meng Fei.

"You can't use light here." Xiao Yan and Bing Shui said instantly.

"What's going on?" Facing Xiao Yan and Bing Shui at the same time, Feng Hong and Song Yue were also at a loss and asked immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Did you say it?" Xiao Yan said to the ice water in a negotiating tone.

"I'm here for Fairy Moon's inheritance. I'm not interested in other people's lives and deaths." Bing Shui didn't appreciate it at all, but he was slightly surprised when Xiao Yan noticed the mystery here.

"So we are rivals?" Xiao Yan heard and laughed.

"You can say that." Bingshui replied.

"Actually, I don't want them to know the secret here."

"But depending on the two of us, I'm afraid we won't be able to deal with that guy, so why don't we announce the situation you and I know, and when we solve this, the inheritance will depend on our ability?" Xiao Yan stared at Bing Shui Road slightly.

Xiao Yan did discover some clues when the mysterious creature took action just now through his soul power and spiritual power, but Xiao Yan was sure that what he knew was definitely not as much as ice water, so he discussed it with ice water.

"Yep."

"Alright, that guy, I can't handle it either." Bing Shui thought for a while, and then said.

"How good would it be earlier?" Mu Feng immediately laughed and scolded when he heard the words.

"What the **** is that..." Seeing Xiao and Bing Shui reach a consensus, the other powerhouses also became vigilant.

"Do you know Fairy Moon?" Bing Shui was the first to speak.

"The Fairy Moon Moon is said to have the strength of fighting immortals, and she is as beautiful as a flower. She is one of the best beauties in the world." Wang Xie said, but when talking about beauty, some evil clearly emerged.

"There is only one female disciple in Fairy Moon's sect. This female disciple is extremely powerful, and she also has a Jade Rabbit Spirit to accompany her. The Jade Rabbit Spirit is probably a strong one now." Bing Shui continued.

"Why do you say this?"

"We just want to know the secret here." Gunny couldn't help but wonder.

"Don't interrupt, let her speak." Hearing that, Song Yue cast a vicious glance at Gunny.

Although everyone is in the dark at this time, these people are very powerful, and through their soul power, they will naturally not recognize the wrong person.

"Have you heard of the mysterious elves?" The next moment, Bing Shui suddenly said.

"Mysterious elves?"

"What is that?" Qi Haoqing asked in surprise.

"what?"

"Mysterious elves?"

"That vicious creature that exclusively feeds on human hearts?" Meng Fei's expression suddenly became strange when he heard the words.

As a disciple of Meng Feidangu, he naturally knows these things.

"Sure enough, it is this thing." Xiao Yan and Mu Feng both said in their hearts, obviously they had already guessed this thing.

"Mysterious elves are extremely strange creatures."

"They like to live in the dark, and once they are exposed to light, they will fall into a state of madness."

"In the state of madness, the strength of the mysterious elf will be greatly improved. If the mysterious elf is in a state of madness, I am afraid that no one present will be able to escape." Bing Shui said slightly.

"Crazy?" Hua Lexin asked in confusion.

"The so-called madness is madness." Xiao Yan explained.

"Then what does this have to do with eating people's hearts?" Hua Lexin continued to ask.

"Mysterious elves can only use this method if they want to advance."

"Originally, the strength of this mysterious elf should be at the consummation of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. Now that it has swallowed up several human powerhouses, I am afraid that it has vaguely touched the threshold of the eight-star." Bing Shui said seriously.

"Eight stars..." After hearing the words, many strong men felt lingering fears.

"And this is just the main entrance of the palace. If you want to enter, you must pass here." The ice water is at the exit.

"What's the best way to solve this?" Feng Hong thought for a while and then said.

Although the strength of this mysterious elves is likely to reach the level of an eight-star Dou Di, they are better than many people.

"Use fire."

"Mysterious elves are yin by nature, and are naturally extremely afraid of flames."

"That's why it killed that guy just after it shot."

"If it weren't for the fact that we and Xiao Yan were very close, I'm afraid it wouldn't be that person who just died." Bing Shui said.

"Tsk tsk tsk." After hearing the words, the three of Gunny were afraid that the three of them did not have the fire attribute, and if they joined forces, they might not be able to deal with this mysterious elf.

"What now?" Someone asked immediately.

"Let Xiao Yan and Meng Fei take the lead. They are both alchemists and they use flames better than any of us."

"And we are responsible for drawing out the mysterious elves and letting them both perform a fatal blow." Bingshui said.

"Row."

"No problem." When everyone heard the words, they immediately had no doubts about the arrangement of the ice water.

"By the way, is any of you a Light Element?" Ice Underwater asked instantly.

"Light system?"

"Except for the attributes of gold, wood, water, fire, soil and five elements, other attributes are quite difficult to create." Song Yue said.

"I happen to have a scroll of light-based fighting skills." Feng Hong heard the words, naturally he didn't hide it, and said directly.

"That's good, I'll be optimistic about the opportunity to stab the mysterious elves directly with the light element, and give Xiao Yan and the others some opportunities said Bing Shui.

"Okay." Feng Hong heard the words, and naturally he would not be reluctant to give up a scroll of light-based fighting skills, although this thing was expensive.

"Next, let's find out where this guy is hiding."

"Remember, you can't use the power of life and attributes. Otherwise, once the light is generated, I'm afraid we will be in trouble." Bing Shui exhorted.

"Well." Everyone heard the words and nodded slightly. They all knew that if the mysterious elves were mad, I'm afraid it would add unnecessary trouble to them. Everyone came for the treasures in the palace, so there would be no fools. to do that kind of thing.

"Squeak." In the darkness, a looming giant creature was suspended above everyone's heads, watching the few people below vigilantly.

This guy is a mysterious elf, but at this time in the dark, he can't see the true face of this guy.

Originally, the mysterious elf wanted to kill all the people below, but the flames in the body of a person below made him feel uneasy, so after killing one person, he didn't make a move.

But at this moment, on the mysterious elf's strange palm, a beating bright red heart was being swallowed by it at a snail-like speed.

"Tick!" Suddenly, a drop of blood fell from the top of everyone's heads, and this drop of blood was just trapped on Wang Xie's forehead.

Wang Xie stuck out his tongue to devour the blood, and then used his soul power to tell everyone, "That guy is on top of our heads."

Ask for tickets!