Chapter Vol 4 1693: Ambush!

"Xiao Yan, young hero, you still have a solution." In another place, Yuan Feng followed Xiao Yan, disguised as a fallen guard of the Senate, mixed into the Yuan River, and headed towards the base camp, and immediately couldn't help laughing.

"According to the information I have learned before, the powerhouses guarding Yuanhe now have three six-star fighting immortals, three of them have a middle-stage six-star fighting immortal, and the other two are in the early stage of six-star fighting immortals. "

"Besides, there are also dozens of Five-Star Fighting Immortals in the back. This power should not be underestimated." The two walked around a passage below Yuanhe and said immediately.

This passage exists 100 meters below the Yuan River. Without Xiao Yan's soul exploration, I am afraid that Xiao Yan and the others would be extremely difficult to find. In addition, many strong men above the Yuan River are heavily guarded, and it will be even more difficult to enter here.

The passage is like a square, and there are dim lights all around. Among them, there are many figures walking around one after another. These guys walking across the opposite side are like no one, and there is no chance to speak at all. As for Xiao Yan and the two, it is Walking with head held high.

"Xuuuu!" With a sound, Xiao Yan and the two had just turned a corner and directly bumped into a thin man.

"Huang Li, Huang Li, why are you two here?"

"Didn't you be in charge of patrolling the forest outside Yuanhe?" asked the emaciated man approaching with a questioning tone.

"Hehe, Captain Tian, ​​our brothers found some auras and fragments that were suspected to be demon guards in the forest. We collected some and prepared to report back to a few adults, so that the adults can decide whether this is a conspiracy or not." Xiao Yan grinned and said, only Different from before, now Xiao Yan's Yihuo Henggu ruler has been completely closed in the entrance channel. With the disguise of ghost face and soul flame, ordinary powerhouses can't identify Xiao Yan's true body at all.

"Oh... breath and fragments?"

"Take it out and show it to me." The man Xiao Yan called Captain Tian heard the words, his eyes turned, and he said righteously.

"Hehe, Captain Tian, ​​the two of us are under the orders of the three adults, so..." Xiao Yan said in a melancholy tone.

"Stop talking nonsense, it's up to me to have the final say here!" In an instant, the man's five-star Douxian perfection level strength showed no doubt.

"What do I do now..." Yuan Feng used his soul power to convey to Xiao Yan, this guy is not strong, Yuan Feng can easily and silently kill him, but he is afraid that it will disturb the other powerhouses here and make them trapped danger.

"Don't do it, just wait." Xiao Yan was not in a hurry, but looked at the dark wind flashing in the depths of the passage, which was extremely strange, and since entering here, Xiao Yan always felt that something was watching him, and that The power is too mysterious, and now with the two entering the middle part of the passage, Xiao Yanfang can be sure that this aura must be one of the three powerhouses stationed in Yuanhe.

"Captain Tian, ​​don't make it difficult for us, now is an eventful time." A crystal pattern card appeared on Xiao Yan's palm and slightly projected it towards the man.

"Forget it, let's go." Captain Tian took the crystal pattern card and waved his hand helplessly. There is a lot of gold coins in this thing, and this is also some unwritten rules of Li Soul Domain. This kind of situation occurs everywhere.

"By the way, the three adults are resting now, so don't disturb them." Captain Tian said one last sentence after watching Xiao Yan and the two leave slightly.

"These guys are really greedy." After the two passed this level, they suddenly walked towards the depths as if they had stepped into the realm of no one.

When they had to enter the depths of the passage, a rather luxurious building appeared in front of the two of them.

"..." The two of them were startled at first, and then laughed helplessly.

"It seems that Li Hunyu's extravagance is prevalent." Seeing this scene, Yuan Feng couldn't help but laugh.

"Is there a place for those three guys?" Yuan Feng asked after a while, with a calm air in his voice.

"Yes." Xiao Yan stared at a certain place in this majestic building. According to the memory of the two of them before, it was the habitat of the three adults.

"We'll be in charge of inquiring about the information for a while. If the situation is right, we can kill them... Can you stop a six-star Dou Xian early stage powerhouse for an incense stick of time?" Seeing Xiao Yan so calm, Yuan Feng couldn't help it. asked.

"Okay." Xiao Yan didn't say much, just agreed, because Xiao Yan also felt that although Yuanfeng's strength was only in the middle stage of Six-Star Fighting Immortals, his combat power was probably not bad, otherwise he would not have been sent by his senior sister to fight with him. a pair.

However, Yuanfeng still underestimated Xiao Yan's strength, not to mention a six-star fighting immortal in the early stage, even if it is two, I am afraid it is possible.

"You two are back?"

"I heard that you have found some strange things. Lord Chen is waiting for you in the hall." The two walked slowly, and a figure came over and said to Xiao Yan.

"Let's go, here." After a few conversations, Xiao Yan and the two walked towards the hall.

"Squeak." There was a light knock on the door, and the two figures of Xiao Yan stayed by the side quietly.

"Come in." The faint voice sounded. It seemed weak, but it was extremely strong. I'm afraid the guy who made the voice was very strong.

"Listen to the people below, the two of you found something suspicious?" Xiao Yan and the two had just entered the hall when an invisible coercion struck directly.

"Chenxi in the early stage of Six Star Fighting Immortals..." Xiao Yan looked around and found that there was no other figure here except this guy, and suddenly muttered in his heart Lord Chenxi, what about the other two adults? "Xiao Yan tentatively groped himself to accept the ring, pretended to take out something, and said slightly.

"The two adults have been transferred back. After all, the Senate has a passage to the temple, so..." Chenxi didn't think too much, opened the mouth and said, and walked over to Xiao Yan.

As for Xiao Yan's question, Chenxi had no doubts. After all, the two brothers had special identities. They were covered by someone, but they didn't know it.

"Returned?" Xiao Yan was also puzzled for a while.

"Let's do it, I can't wait!" After Shun breathed, watching Xiao Yan take out a dark-colored light group, Yuan Feng Zaidu said to Xiao Yan's soul.

"I always feel that something is wrong there..." Xiao Yan shook his head.

"Don't worry, let's do it!" For a while, Xiao Yan didn't hesitate at all, and the dazzling gray flames filled the air, completely wrapping the hall!

Immortal Fire Territory!

Being in the realm of immortality, increasing the power of Xiao Yanhuo's attributes, there is even a chance to resist the fatal blow of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal powerhouse.

"You... Who are you?" At this time, circles of black energy filled Chenxi's body, and there was no doubt a gloomy and eerie ghostly energy.

"Go to hell!" Yuan Feng didn't hesitate at this moment, the silver battle qi in his palm turned into a ferocious thunder vine, wrapped around his arm, and roared away at Chenxi. This level of offensive turned out to be in the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal!

"Crash!" The seemingly tyrannical fatal blow was blocked by a clear water when it attacked Chenxi. Immediately, a void in the hall under the Immortal Fire Territory shattered, accompanied by two figures. Laughter burst out.

"Xiao Yan, I've been waiting for you for a long time." The voice resounded throughout the hall like a bell.