Chapter Vol 4 1050: dispute

When Xiao Yan opened his heavy eyelids, what was reflected in his pupils was a dark space. In this space, only a huge teleportation formation could be seen. As for the forest that covered the formation, I am afraid that the original Under the attack of Xiao Yan and the Blood Demon Envoy, it had already vanished into nothing.

"Senior Brother Xiao Yan is awake!" Xiao Yan just barely opened his pupils, and all of a sudden, ecstatic voices emanated like a tide.

The next moment, hurried footsteps sounded one after another, and many high-level officials of the Fenxiang Pavilion quickly gathered towards the place where Xiao Yan was.

"I've been in a coma for a few days?" Xiao Yan asked immediately after looking at the gratified senior brothers.

"You've been in a coma for ten days."

"In ten days, all the super sects who participated in the sect competition have left here. If the power in the blood river has not reached saturation, I am afraid that we will also be squeezed out." Mu Tianyuan on the side stepped forward. One step, he smiled slightly.

"It's been ten days..." Xiao Yan muttered, and then got up gently, even though the injury in his body had completely healed?

"Dont look at me."

"These days, it's all thanks to Junior Sister Mu Yingying and Junior Brother Xiaoyi who have continuously fed you with the power of flame, and your injury has improved. Otherwise," Mu Tianyuan hurriedly explained Xiao Yan's doubtful gaze. .

"Thank you." Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately cast his eyes on Mu Yingying.

"Yes." After Xiao Yan said this, Mu Yingying's pretty face immediately flushed, like a red petal, which was very attractive.

Then Xiao Yan cross-examined some unimportant matters, and immediately said: "The disciples of the Xuanling royal family are all wiped out, I am afraid they will not be so kind and let it go. The troops will converge and return to the cabinet."

"Everything depends on Senior Brother Xiao Yan."

"Everything depends on Senior Brother Xiao Yan."

"Everything depends on Senior Brother Xiao Yan." As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the disciples behind him immediately burst into a loud drink. Obviously, Xiao Yan's desperate appearance to fight the Gorefiend had won the true conviction of these disciples.

"I'm afraid the current blood river town is extremely popular." While watching this scene, Xiao Yi opened her mouth slightly.

"When the soldiers come, they will block the water and cover with the soil." Xiao Yan laughed.

"In that case... let's go."

"It's time to leave here." Xiao Yan said slowly when he saw that Mu Yingying, Yin Tong, Xiao Yi and the others around him were all right.

"Let's go." Several other high-level officials nodded when they heard the words.

As soon as the voice fell, the team of hundreds of people immediately turned into a meteor, and went towards the teleportation formation.

Blood River Town.

As the Zongmen competition came to an end, the atmosphere of the entire Blood River Town became very strange, because the disciples who participated in the Zongmen competition more or less spread some information, so that the entire Blood River Town The atmosphere was hot to the extreme.

"I don't know why the guys from Burning Incense Pavilion haven't come out yet..." At this time, on an attic in Xuehe Town, two beautiful figures appeared slightly.

"These guys from Burning Fragrance Pavilion are proud of themselves this time, but the Xuanling royal family is so arrogant and domineering, and this time the loss is so heavy, I'm afraid they won't let it go." These two people are the five poisons of Poison Sect and Xiuqi of Wanhua Pavilion. .

"In my opinion, this Xiao Yan has a very calm nature. I'm afraid he won't come out for a long time, because he is recovering his strength. After all, with his smartness, he must know that when he comes out, he has to deal with the wrath of the Xuanling royal family." Xiu Qi said.

"Oh... it's here." Just as Wudu was about to speak, he saw the dazzling light of the teleportation formation in Blood River Town.

In the border area of ​​Blood River Town, there is a formation. The formation is a teleportation formation that connects the blood rivers, but it can only go out, not in.

At this moment, in this formation, a burst of dazzling rays of light emerged, and then a monstrous aura emerged. After a while, hundreds of tyrannical auras suddenly appeared in the air.

These auras just appeared, and immediately the eyes of some figures who were guarding outside the formation also became hot, because they could easily tell the difference by virtue of their auras, and this was the disciple of Burning Incense!

"I'm back." In front of the hundreds of figures, a man with a heavy ruler on his back opened his dark pupils and spit out a word.

"Good, you ruthless boy!"

"How dare you kill all the elites of my Xuanling royal family!"

"The killing intent is too heavy, and it will not benefit your future cultivation."

"Follow me back to the Xuanling royal family, abolish your cultivation, and let Fen Tian lead you back!" And just in the middle of the formation, when Xiao Yan and his party all appeared, ten amazing breaths suddenly appeared. Swept away at Xiao Yan and his party!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

These ten figures, lined up one by one, are impressively the ten most powerful dragon-loving army members in the Xuanling royal family.

"Elder Qin Tian, ​​the sect competition is a life-and-death battle. You say that, it seems that your Xuanling royal family is too small!" And when ten amazing breaths emerged in front of Xiao Yan's crowd, a soft light The curtain landed on Xiao Yan in an instant, removing the coercion generated by the dragon-loving legion from the second and seventh districts, and several powerful men with equally tyrannical breaths appeared in an instant.

These people are the Fenxiang Pavilion Zhujin, Mu Xuzi, Xiong Yuan, and the master of the Human Palace, Bai Ya!

"Zhu Jin, stop talking nonsense!"

"My Xuanling royal family's disciples who participated in the sect competition were all destroyed. This **** feud must be avenged!" Qin Tian brought a whole ten members of the Dragon-loving Legion and said directly to Zhu Jin.

"Joke!"

"In the previous sect competition, my Fenxiang Pavilion disciple was killed by your Xuanling royal family. Have I ever complained in the Fenxiang Pavilion?" Zhu Jin said sternly.

"Zhu Jin, don't use your words. I have reported this matter back to the palace, and the top officials of the palace are furious."

"But for the sake of the sect competition, I will only bring back the culprit this ~ I must bring Xiao Yanji back..."

"If you insist on blocking it, then the big deal is that the second pavilion will start a war!" Qin Tian was also not afraid of Zhu Jin at all, and then said with a sudden shock.

"It's a good two pavilions to start a war!"

"But I'll leave it here."

"Xiao Yan is the person named by my Fenxiang Pavilion to protect."

"I see today, who would dare to touch him!" Zhu Jin looked at the arrogant Qin Tian and immediately burst out.

"Furthermore, in the sect competition, their skills are not as good as others, and they deserve to die... they deserve it!" At the end of the sentence, Zhu Jin smiled with a dangerous arc on the corner of his mouth.

"Zhu Jin, you are courting death!" And Qin Tian, ​​who was already angry, was so provoked by Zhu Jin, his whole body suddenly burst out!

"One Star Fighting Immortal?" Zhu Jin frowned when he saw this. Qin Tian's strength was always at the peak of Dou Di, how could he step into One Star Fighting Immortal in such a short period of time?

The gap between the Half Immortal and the One Star Dou Immortal can be said to be a world of difference, not to mention the gap between the strength of the Dou Emperor's peak and that of the One Star Dou Immortal.

"There's a good show to watch. If you don't say anything else, the background of the Burning Incense Pavilion and the Xuanling Royal Family is really terrifying."

"Two and a half immortals..."

"A one-star fighting immortal, a half immortal..."

"And not to mention the other nine-star fighting emperors..." At this time, the figure watching the lively below slowly looked at the second group of people in the sky with the extremely strong smell of gunpowder, and said.

.. m.