Chapter Vol 4 1028: kill the blood

"The blood demons are really annoying." Xiao Yan's voice slowly echoed in this space, and then Xuetian and Xuexuan were too surprised when they were suddenly struck by a huge ruler with the power of khaki flames. Mang, directly shook back dozens of steps.

"He Fang Xiaoxiao?" Xue Tian shouted angrily, and then his eyes kept moving, the voice was somewhat familiar.

"This person's breath... seems to be a bit familiar." The blood demon's scarlet blood power slowly emerged on his palm, but he did not release it immediately. After all, this thing is equivalent to human beings themselves. Every drop of blood essence contains extremely powerful power, and every drop of use will cause a lot of load on oneself.

Although the Gorefiend had enough confidence to seriously injure Ghost Face Soul Yan, but now that there is another Xiao Yan, it is impossible to be strict.

"What a little bastard!" After a while, the Gorefiend child suddenly laughed.

"For the evil races outside the area, kill them." Xiao Yan undeniably smiled when he heard the words, his whole body was enveloped by the khaki-colored source of holy flame, and a dangerous aura permeated.

"Boy, don't say I didn't warn you."

"This Gorefiend is the strongest of the Gorefiends. His strength is comparable to that of your human beings. Now you are not his opponent... Even if he only has half of his strength now." Appearance, the soul-devouring talisman in Xiao Yan's body hurriedly spoke, after all, the soul-devouring talisman was also afraid of Xiao Yan's sudden move, because he was still living on Xiao Yan's body.

"Don't worry, I have my senses." Xiao Yan said softly.

"Wang, the second envoy and the fourth envoy were obliterated by this kid." The next moment, the blood star stared at Xiao Yan resentfully and said.

"This kid... the breath is a bit familiar..."

"Are you one of the guys who killed my Gorefiend left guard in the desert mountains before?" After a while, the Gorefiend spoke slowly, his voice full of doubt.

"Desert mountains... it should be." Xiao Yan also calmly said in the face of the pressure of the Gorefiend.

"Sure enough..."

"But your act of throwing yourself into the net is undoubtedly the most stupid." After the Gorefiend finished speaking, his figure swept away, and he walked away to the two of them, obviously planning something.

"Are you alright?" Xiao Yan stretched out his hand to support Ghost Face Soul Yan's body not far in front of him, and asked.

"fine."

"The master of the holy flame, is it finally here..." Seeing this, Ghost-faced Soul-yan couldn't help but feel a sense of relief. Although the strength of the guy in front of him was not strong, the genuine holy flame in his body made Ghost-faced and Soul-yan all over the place. Wei Wei is happy, after all, with only two holy flames, it is not impossible to kill the Gorefiend.

"This Ghost Face Soul Flame is really powerful, it can actually make my Fire Heart Tianyan produce such strong fluctuations." The palm gently helped Ghost Face Soul Flame, and suddenly a huge pressure came.

"Go ahead, kill them all!" After a short while, a pain flashed in the eyes of the Gorefiend, and he said something to Xuetian and Xuexuan behind him.

"Xiao Yan, I'm here to help you." Then the next moment, Mu Yingying's figure flashed directly, and followed Xiao Yan.

"Hey, hey, don't go..." Then Xiao Yi just made a move to stop Mu Yingying, but she was easily resisted by the azure power of holy flame on Mu Yingying's body. Power is also helpless.

"This girl is really worrying." Yan Chi shook his head slowly.

"Don't go, just stay here obediently." Xiao Yi said cautiously.

"Xiao Yan, I definitely want you to die!" Xue Tian and Xue Xuan looked at each other briefly, and then the dazzling evil power erupted directly, surrounding Xiao Yan and the two in tandem.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Why are you here..." Xiao Yan had long made Xiao Yi take good care of Mu Yingying, but after all the calculations, they still didn't count. With Mu Yingying, who has holy flame, Xiao Yi had nothing to do with her.

"I'll help you." Mu Yingying said playfully.

"What is the etiquette for girls' families to fight and kill?" Xiao Yan's voice became severe, and he said in a different voice.

"They are very strong, I don't trust you to be brave alone." Mu Yingying's big eyes full of spirituality flickered a few times, and then said timidly.

"Your body is special. As a fellow senior brother, I have the responsibility and ability to help you stop this..." Xiao Yan just wanted to say something, but was attacked by Xue Tian and Xue Xuan and had to stop.

"Mother-in-law's..."

"Suffer to death!" Xuetian directly raised his head to the sky, and then the dazzling attack was about to attack.

"Boy, the Gorefiend can stop me for a while, and the others will ask you." After Ghost-faced Soulyan finished speaking, he directly entangled with the Gorefiend.

"Brother, leave this **** sky to me." At the next moment, Xiao Yi's figure also flashed.

"Those blood mysterious, I'm with you..." Mu Yingying just wanted to speak, but was interrupted by Xiao Yan.

"Senior Yanchi has a special status, you should go back and protect him."

"Don't worry, none of these guys can escape." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"But..." Mu Yingying wanted to say something, but said helplessly.

"Do it!" Seeing Mu Yingying hesitate to speak, then she returned to Yan Chi's side, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi, including Ghost Face Soul Yan, met the three powerhouses of the Gorefiends at the same time.

"no……"

"Xiao Yi won't be able to last long like this..."

"We must fight quickly." Xiao Yan's thoughts just turned Suddenly, the majestic soul power kept secretly condensing in his body.

"Xiao Yan, give me death!" Xue Xuan was chosen by Xiao Yan as his opponent, and he didn't have any sense of fear.

"Crash!" Xue Xuan's figure exploded, and the evil black energy in his body whistled past him continuously.

"It's good to come!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't dodge in the slightest, he directly bumped into it with his body, and closed his eyes.

"Boom!" Loud noises continued to emerge. Although Xue Xuan's attack was powerful, to Xiao Yan, it was ticklish, and Xiao Yan's figure suddenly wriggled like a ghost.

"Soul fighting skills... You Mingtian is stunned!" However, in the next moment, just after the sound fell, a silent and destructive attack suddenly shot out of Xiao Yan's body towards Xue Xuan!

"What is that?" Xue Xuan just saw Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly open, and a fear filled his heart.

"not good!"

"Xue Xuan, go back!" But the next moment, the voices of the Blood Demon Envoy and Xue Tian suddenly sounded!

"late!"

"Xue Xuan, the third envoy of the Gorefiends, gives this Emperor Yan...fall!" Xiao Yan's ferocious voice slowly echoed in this space, and then that soul force suddenly hit Xue Xuan!

"Bang bang bang!" Just after hitting Xue Xuan, Xue Xuan's body squirmed violently, and he didn't speak, and then the next moment, it exploded directly, turned into a blood mist that covered the sky, and directly destroyed, even if it was the power of the soul. There is not a trace left!

.. m.