Chapter Vol 2 824: The robbery was successful, the terrifying golden demon puppet

"It's almost there." Xiao Yan saw that in the terrifying robbery clouds, all those robbery clouds were absorbed by the golden demon puppet, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

Jin Yaopup is worthy of being a Jin Yaopup. It was transformed by his uncle Jinlong King before, and now with his holy flame and some medicinal materials, his body strength is undoubtedly improved to a higher level.

Originally, Xiao Yan didn't think of using this method, but the power of death would be wasted if he didn't use it. With the addition of holy flames, Jin Yaopup's body could be made even more tyrannical, so Xiao Yan definitely wouldn't. pass up this opportunity.

"Boom boom boom!" No matter what kind of terrifying attack the Nine-Rank Jieyun made, it just fell on the golden demon puppet, and the golden demon puppet absorbed all of it without a trace. The power of thunder and lightning seems quite terrifying.

"The last blow..." Xiao Yan stared at the extremely bright robbery cloud, and suddenly found that the robbery cloud had condensed into a group of extremely small thunder tribulations, but the fluctuations above the thunder tribulation were more than ever before. Attacks are more powerful.

"Holy Flame, come out!" Xiao Yan immediately frowned. Obviously, the Golden Demon Puppet had been tempered just now, but he was still a little worried that the Golden Demon Puppet couldn't withstand such a huge attack. On the body of the demon puppet.

Otherwise, if the Golden Demon Puppet were to fall under this robbery cloud, Xiao Yan would not be distressed. After all, this Golden Demon Puppet was the most loyal thug!

"Boom boom boom!" Jie Yun directly ignored the three seven twenty one, and suddenly hit the golden demon puppet.

"Crackling!" The thunder tribulation caused by the robbery brought bursts of terrifying power of destruction and directly attacked the golden demon .

"Not bad, not bad." Watching the Golden Demon Puppet slowly smash Jieyun away, a smile appeared on the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth.

"Hey..." With the disappearance of Jieyun, Xiao Yan suddenly felt a strange power appear in his body.

Dou Qi at home.

This place was originally the residence of Xiao Yan's flaming beasts and Sheng Yanjing, but I don't know why the flaming beasts suddenly opened their fierce pupils at this time, and the gorgeous flames were suddenly replaced by a dazzling white energy. replace!

"Ow!" The flame beast changed so much, it seemed to make a very happy cry.

"Strange, what is going on with this flaming beast?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled.

Emperor Dou's cultivation is all about compressing the sea of ​​Dou Qi, but the Dou Qi in his Dou Qi Sea is all on the body of this flaming beast. At this time, after passing through the ninth-grade life calamity, the power of life that was born appeared on the body of the flaming beast. This made Xiao Yan have to be surprised.

"It is said that if you want to be promoted to Dou Xian, you must create the power of life and death, perfectly integrate the force of life and death, and then compress the Dou Qi into a fist size and turn it into Dou Xian, that is the real Dou Xian strong." Xiao Yan tightly Sensing the flame beast within his body, he seemed to be thinking something.

It seems that this fiery beast has compressed Xiao Yan's Dou Qi in the Dou Qi Sea. Could it be that this guy came here because of his own fire or a change in the strange fire?

The short-term speculation was fruitless, and Xiao Yan simply did not hesitate. After all, this flaming beast was just born with the power of birth, and it was falling asleep.

"The power of life, come out!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly opened, and he immediately shouted loudly.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and a milky white life force instantly appeared around Xiao Yan's body.

"Good guy!"

"The strongest ninth-rank student power!" Seeing this, Mu Feng couldn't help saying.

The power of life is divided into 1 to 9 ranks, and rank 9 is undoubtedly the most tyrannical.

"I'm afraid this guy can deal with the powerhouses in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor just by relying on such a powerful life force. At least I haven't heard of who has the ninth-rank life force in Xuan Sansan."

"Xiao Yan, the first one." Xiu Qi also couldn't hide the surprise in her tone.

"What a terrifying force of life, just this fluctuation, terror can deal with some ordinary seven-star fighting emperors." Xiao Yan casually sensed the tyranny of this ninth-rank life force, and immediately opened his mouth.

"By the way, there is also you guy." The next moment, Xiao Yan turned his attention to Jin Yaopup.

At this time, the golden demon puppet had a faint black aura on its body. Xiao Yan was no stranger to this black aura.

"Look where your limit is!" Xiao Yan sensed it, and found that he could not sense the limit of the Golden Demon Puppet with his current self, so he spoke immediately.

Hearing the words, Jin Yaopup made a please gesture to Xiao Yan.

"Huangquan refers to!"

"Huangquan Palm!" The two roars attacked the Golden Demon Puppet directly with dazzling vitality.

Jin Yaopup did not dodge or dodge, letting Xiao Yan's attack fall on him.

"Boom boom boom!" The power of Xiao Yan's second fighting skills is naturally good, and when combined with the power of life that Xiao Yan is using now, instead of fighting qi, the power is even higher.

"What a terrifying defense." Just after the attacking afterglow dissipated, Xiao Yan found that his attack did not cause much damage to the Golden Demon Puppet, and immediately said uncontrollably.

"Zizi." With the disappearance of Xiao Yan's attack, traces of lightning and the power of death continued to surface on the surface of Jin Yaopup's body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Absorbed the power of death and the power of thunder."

"I'm afraid that you are not too arrogant to deal with some mid-stage Seven Star Dou Emperor powerhouses just by virtue of your physical tyranny Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Now that the Golden Demon Puppet has a loyal partner who is comparable to the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, there is undoubtedly some more trump cards.

"Since the matter is over, let's go." Xiao Yan waved it at will, and the Golden Demon Puppet was immediately put away by Xiao Yan. This is a trump card. The fewer people who know it, the better.

"The power of rank nine students." Xiao Yan had just returned to the large army, and was suddenly surprised.

"Okay, you are not weak anymore." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"How can we compare with you..." Leng Fuyao pouted and said slightly, obviously looking at Xiao Yan now as if he were looking at a monster.

Even if you have the holy flame, the medicine refining skills are still better than your own, and even the cultivation of Dou Qi is much better than your own, which makes the proud Leng Fuyao feel slightly depressed.

How can there be such a guy in this world.

"How are things going?" Xiao Yan asked casually.

"It's ready."

"The token for entering Guanghan Island has also been prepared, and now it's time to go." Xiu Qi said.

"Yueru, don't you still need something to inherit runes?" Xiao Yan suddenly remembered something and said.

"No need, Fairy Jiaoyue said just now, just wait until the end of this place and go straight over." Yueru smiled slightly.

"If that's the case, then let's go." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he took the lead to leave the Life and Death Eryi Spring, and the other people followed after seeing this.