Chapter Vol 4 2103: The Holy See Judgment!

"Liu Hao!"

"Don't think that you can do whatever you want by relying on your identity as a child of light!"

"This is the place of our Yao family, not the holy city of your Holy See!" Looking at the milky white passage in the sky, and at the dozens of devout servants standing next to Liu Hao, Yao Wan roared, endlessly. Senran's killing intent actually formed invisible energy ripples that swept out and shot directly at Liu Hao, provoking countless energy storms along the way, which looked extremely fierce.

The anger of the Eight Star Dou Xian Perfection Powerhouse is so terrifying!

"Patriarch Yao's temper, which I haven't seen in a thousand years, is still so hot."

"This is not the demeanor of a patriarch of an ancient race." Just when this energy was about to hit Liu Hao, the void beside Liu Hao shook violently, and two waiters covered in white robes smiled. It emerged that even Yao Wan Wan's terrifying energy was dissipated by his random blow.

"Austin, the first believer of the Holy See, Hill, the second believer..." Seeing the two men with elegant faces suddenly emerge from Liu Hao, Yao Wan's face suddenly became solemn.

The strength of these two is extraordinary, and even with the blessing of angel wings, even he is not confident enough to defeat both at the same time!

"Patriarch!" Immediately, many elders behind Yao Wan were also disgusted, with countless hatred in their expressions, and they wished they could slash the Holy See powerhouse with a thousand swords!

"The two Holy See believers came to my medicine world with the Holy See mission, why?"

"If there is no reasonable excuse, I'm afraid this matter will not be so calmed down." Seeing the two believers come forward, Yao Wan roared coldly and put away his killing intent.

"The two of us came here with the jury, naturally with our intentions." Austin shrugged and smiled, his old eyes constantly scanning the minds of the many forces below, as if something was brewing.

"The Holy See Judgment?" Xiao Yan looked at the tense situation in front of him, and immediately held Xun'er's slender hand tightly, his heart began to beat vigorously, but he wondered in his heart.

"In the Holy See, there are two major legions, one is called the Judgment Corps, which is the top force in charge of arresting criminals in the Holy See. Only the heinous evil devil in the Holy See will dispatch this legion, and the entire judgment There are only dozens of people in the group, but when they unite with each other, even the eight-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouse can only fall sadly."

"The Holy See Judiciary is also known as the judge in the Holy See. Once they are targeted, I am afraid that it will only be a way to fall, because no one has been able to escape their clutches so far."

"And as far as I know, it seems that the grievances between the Yao family and the Holy See are also related to these guys." Xun'er noticed a trace of unease in Xiao Yan's body, and immediately said.

"Madam, if something happens to me, you must not act rashly. The ancients and the Endless Fire Territory still need you. Don't worry, I will not die." Xiao Yan's eyes were filled with determination and tenderness. Xun Er said.

"Well, don't worry, brother Xiao Yan."

"Xun'er won't."

"Because... immortality." Xun'er smiled sweetly. She had already sensed something was wrong. In addition, Liu Hao's eyes had been lingering on himself and Xiao Yan, and he could guess that even with the last laugh, a touch of Crazy killing intent spread out.

Once Xiao Yan has anything to do, she will never stand by, even if the other party is the Holy See, or even this world!

"The behavior of the Son of Light just now was quite rude. I am willing to apologize to the Yao Patriarch, but I am here with the Holy See Judgment Group. The main reason is to arrest demons, get rid of evil, and bring justice to the world."

"After we talked about it several times, the guards of the Yao clan were still stubbornly resisting, so in order to prevent the evil from slipping away, we had to resort to this... I just didn't expect the people of the Yao clan to fight so hard. It seems that the Yao clan didn't either. It's as tyrannical as the rumors say." Austin stepped out, and the incomparably majestic divine aura was vented like a shrine.

"Eight-star Douxian is complete?"

"Eight-star fighting immortal late stage?" Shunxi, some of the powerhouses below couldn't help but muttered.

The Holy See's first believer Austin's strength is as high as the eight-star Dou Xian consummation?

The strength of the second believer is as high as the late eight-star fighting immortal?

Not to mention the lofty status of the dozens of elite judges behind him and the son of Liu Haoguang, this lineup, even if it is placed on top of the entire Douyun Continent, can be regarded as a super strength!

"What is this Holy See doing..."

"The reason for directly slaughtering the Yaozu guards seems to be too high-sounding. Killing a genius like Yaoxuan is undoubtedly a demonstration against the Yaozu."

"And what is the demon in their mouth?"

"Could it be that the Yao clan really had an affair with the evil tribe outside the realm?" The minds of many forces who came to participate in the grand ceremony also retreated, keeping a distance from the ancient races such as the Yao clan, and they did not want to be involved.

"Brother Yaoxuanyi, you are..." Hunxuzi, old Lingxi and others also hurriedly asked.

With the medicine family's heritage and superb refining technology, they have already surpassed the top of the Douyun Continent pyramid, why bother with foreign evil people?

"It's just nonsense!" Yao Wan said disdainfully.

The relationship between the Holy See and the Medicine Clan has already reached the point of fragmentation, and what they are doing now is more like a declaration of war.

"The ancient clan was invaded by two kings from the evil clan outside the territory. If it wasn't for the Son of Light of the Holy See, I am afraid that the ancient clan would have been wiped out by them."

"And after our investigation, all the borders of the entire Douyun Continent are guarded by your medicine clan, so why did the foreign evil clan quietly bypass our investigation and mix into the ancient clan, I am afraid some of them are unknown. It's a secret." Austin said reluctantly, and the shocking killing intent in his voice was unmistakable.

"Hahaha!"

"When did the church believers fall down to finding such boring excuses?"

"You and I already have hatred. If you want to fight, then my Yao family will accompany you to the end!" Yao Wanwan's palms rubbed violently, and the anger in his chest became even more surging!

If the Holy Spirit of the Medicine Clan existed, even if the Holy See Pope personally came, Yao Wan would have some power to fight, but unfortunately, the Holy Spirit was lost in the battle a thousand years ago, and now the Holy See is taking the initiative to attack If he kills many guards in his own medicine family, if he sits and waits, I am afraid that he will only be criticized by future generations.

"Yao Wan, you don't have to make such a gesture. I am not ambiguous in the work of the Holy See. If you don't believe me, you can ask the ancient saintess Gu Xun'er." Just when this tension surfaced, Liu Hao said: There was a dangerous smile on his face, and he slowly stared at Xiao Yan.

The Yao family is only second, killing Yao Xuan and others is just to warn them that the supreme glory of the Holy See is unquestionable, the real important thing is to capture the devil!

"Miss Xun'er, may I ask you about this..." Yao Xuanyi nodded suddenly, and also noticed something.

"Among the ancient tribes, there is indeed such a thing, but according to our investigation, it seems that the source is not the problem of the Yao tribe."

"Xun'er is willing to prove the innocence of the Yao family as a saint of the ancient clan." Xun'er's beautiful eyes flickered lightly, even she didn't know what the Holy See's mighty team was for?

After the end of the ancient catastrophe, they have investigated all the information clearly, and all the spearheads are directed at the Soul Palace, but they do not know why this Holy See powerhouse came this time?