Chapter Vol 4 2097: Crazy moves, robbing Dan Lei, casting holy pills...

"It seems that the outcome is now decided."

"The Yao Yichen of the Yao family actually caused the seven-colored Seven Profound Magic Lightning. This is the pinnacle of the Immortal-Rank Alchemist. I am afraid that a hundred years from now, there will be a Saint-Rank Alchemist in the Yao family."

"This time, no one seems to be able to defeat him..." In the altar mountain, looking at the three people who were arguing with swords, people with discerning eyes also knew that this grand ceremony had finally come to an end.

"Wait, that guy, seems to be Xiao Yan?"

"He's this?" Just after the senior members of the Medicine Clan took a deep breath, some figures couldn't help but look at Xiao Yan's figure suddenly appeared in the crystal prism in front of them. emerge lightly.

internal.

"Xiao Yan, you have already failed, so hurry up and get out!" Shen Hong looked at Xiao Yan's sudden appearance, but said suspiciously, but when he thought about the current situation, Shen Hong's grievance was not easy to break out. , can only growl.

Although the two have grievances, but in front of him the five-colored and seven-profound demon thunder is about to fall, this is not a joke, and Shen Hong is worried that Xiao Yan will interfere with them receiving the thunder, so he is so dignified.

"Xiao Yan, step back."

"Although you have obtained the prescription of the quasi-sacred rank eight-grade medicinal pill, the medicinal pill of that level cannot be refined only by relying on your soul power to achieve it."

"Soul strength and vindictiveness, coupled with skilled and sophisticated techniques, are indispensable for the three."

"Xiao Yan, I, Yao Yichen, are the ultimate winners of this Yao clan festival." Looking at the smile on Xiao Yan's face, for some unknown reason, Yao Yichen had a chill from the inside out, but the corners of his mouth twitched. The pride on the top is extremely arrogant!

This time, after all, he still won!

"..." Xiao Yan was indifferent and did not speak, because Xiao Yan's goal was not them.

Xiao Yan is waiting, he is waiting for the thunder tribulation of these three guys to be completely brewed, the moment when they fall from the sky, that time is his last chance.

"Xiao Yan...you?" Ling Zixi asked suspiciously from Xiao Yan's indifferent expression, as if she could smell something keenly.

"I want to try." Xiao Yan nodded with a smile, not shy, after all, no one would believe such a thing.

"Are you crazy?"

"The power of the Seven Profound Magic Lightning is not something you can handle today, not to mention the lack of fighting spirit in your body. If you force it, I'm afraid you will be shattered!"

"Failure is not terrible, terrible..." Ling Zixi hurriedly panicked, her beautiful eyes shrank tightly, and she screamed.

"Yao Yichen, you are so confident that your seven-colored Seven Profound Demon Lightning can win the first place in the grand ceremony?"

"The seven-color Seven Profound Demonic Lightning is indeed the pinnacle of the seventh-grade immortal-level pills, but unfortunately, there are many more powerful pills than it." Xiao Yan turned his head and stared at Yao Yichen. It contains a rare crazy fiery color.

"Although the Seven Profound Demonic Thunders are extremely fierce, I have already come prepared, so Xiao Yan, your little abacus is useless." Yao Yichen thought that Xiao Yan meant that he could not take on this level of thunder tribulation. , so he sneered.

He is a dignified genius of the medicine family, but he has everything to deal with the treasures of thunder tribulation, how could he not be able to catch the mere thunder tribulation.

"No, you are wrong."

"You are all wrong."

"The people who should retreat are you." Xiao Yan said, looking up without turning his head, looking at the three thunderstorm clouds entrenched above the heads of the three, and said with a smile, at the same time, an extreme The turbulent flames swept out, lingering the sky covered with Dan Lei, forming a world of fire.

"This guy, because he can't make medicine pills, can't bear this blow, how stupid he has become?" Some weak guys watched Xiao Yan actually go to the gathering place of the three thunderstorm clouds. Couldn't help but wonder.

"Boom!" Xiao Yan didn't bother to pay attention to them. The dazzling amber rock soul fire in his body swept out, showing the undead fire, easily forming a sea of ​​fire, isolated from the world, and gathered the three most terrifying thunder tribulations in together.

That feeling is like a person seeking death who wants to fall here with the power of three thunders.

"How could this guy be so kind?"

"He is... helping us resist the thunder calamity?"

"Could it be that he needs the power of Lei Jie to temper his body? After all, when he dealt with Yan Xuan just now, that kind of power was somewhat similar." Shen Hong, Yao Yichen, and Ling Zixi retreated a little unconsciously, muttering in their hearts. .

Even with the existence of Juling Peak, after a long period of refining, they are now quite weak in their bodies. If they are to receive a thunder calamity, I am afraid it will take a lot of effort. Now that they have free coolies like Xiao Yan, they naturally laugh. 's mouth shut.

"Wait... this matter shouldn't be so simple."

"But where is the blame, I couldn't say for a while." Yao Yixuan was puzzled, but she looked at the flame medicine cauldron at the eighth peak of Xiao Yan, and it seemed that there was still a trace of temperature inside. And inside, a young pill appeared, but it didn't have any energy. It seemed that Xiao Yan had not completely merged all the medicinal powers into pill.

Didn't he give up?

Why hasn't the flame in the medicine cauldron been extinguished?

Why risk the threat of death to pick up the thunder robbery? And it was the most terrifying three thunder tribulations in this grand ceremony? The power of that thunder is enough to really obliterate him...

"Boom!" Yao Yixuan was troubled by countless questions, but before she could think more, there was a black figure beside Xiao Yan on the sky.

That black shadow was exactly the same length as Xiao Yan's body, it was simply carved out of the same mold, and even the strength was the same, the surging power gushing out like a source.

Seven Star Fighting Immortal is complete!

Moreover, it is the state of peak strength, which is not like Xiao Yan's sluggish atmosphere at all.

"That's... a soul clone?" For a moment, Yao Wan Wan only felt a headache from the outside world. Looking at the two Xiao Yan, a trace of unease appeared in his heart.

He has a rather uneasy premonition This guy is extremely unruly playing cards, and I am afraid that this time, he will turn up some strange things again.

"How... Are you confident?" Seeing Xiao Lei appear, Xiao Yan asked softly.

"En." Xiao Lei's expression suddenly changed a little, but it was too weak, and Xiao Yan didn't notice it. Hearing Xiao Yan's voice, Xiao Lei nodded abruptly.

"If that's the case, then give it a good vote!"

"Pick it up for me!" As soon as the two's voices fell, their bodies suddenly became tense, and then, under the gaze of countless people, they went directly to the three terrifying thunder clouds!

Even the weak flame medicine cauldron at Xiao Yan's eighth peak was brought into it together, I don't know what this guy wants to do.

"This guy, wouldn't he want to use the power of the Pill Thunder Tribulation to merge into a pill?" Seeing Xiao Yan's desperate move, many powerhouses sneered. The old man's face sank, and a panic emerged!

This guy is very human!