Chapter Vol 4 1204: tricky guy

"Strange, this Shawu Village was not crowded in the past, how could it be empty today?" The four Yu Yifeng had just arrived at the edge of Shawu Village, and the village chief of the deserted village said.

The relationship between Desolate Village and Shawu Village is good, so according to the old village chief's understanding, it is natural to easily detect that something is wrong here.

"I'm afraid something happened here, and I always feel that there is some danger ahead, old village chief, let's part ways here."

"This is a little thought." After Yu Yifeng finished speaking, a money bag flashed out, threw it towards the old village chief, and then walked away towards the altar without looking back.

I don't know why, Yu Yifeng always has a feeling of trepidation.

"Captain..." Seeing Yu Yifeng's appearance like this, the other two powerhouses in the team couldn't help but ask.

"Let's go!" Yu Yifeng's face was gloomy, he let out a loud snort, and then accelerated his speed towards the center of the village. After all, the area of ​​Shawu Village is quite large. If you want to enter the center of the altar from the outside, there is still some distance.

"Huhu." On the other hand, in the center of the altar, after eradicating the guilty guards of the late two-star Dou Xian, Xiao Yan stood quietly and recovered his breath.

Using the power of mental power, soul power and fighting qi at the same time really made Xiao Yan a little overwhelmed, but fortunately, it was Xiao Yan's Fen Jue that had recovered nearly 80% of his power in just a few minutes. It made Xiao Yan also curious about Fen Jue.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, are you alright?" Shui Yue, who was in charge of guarding while watching Xiao Yan open his eyes, asked with a hurried smile.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan got up gently, then smiled.

"I have already sent a signal to the captain, and the captain is coming here." Shuiyue said.

As for Liu Qing on the side, her eyes were green, as if she was thinking about something, and Yu Xiaoye was also staring at Xiao Yan with changing eyes.

"It's a pity that this late Xing Dou Xian and the late two-star Dou Xian criminal guard..." The Lord of Soul Eater in the body expressed a slight regret. The Lord of Soul Eater was originally a strong man with the power of devouring. Soul Eater Talisman, a ghost soldier, can naturally be fearless, so as to recover his own power by devouring the power of others.

However, Xiao Yan is also a little puzzled. It seems that this Soul Eater can devour anyone and turn it into his own power, and even if he devours the evil tribe outside the territory, it will not be polluted by the power of the evil tribe outside the territory. This makes Xiao Yan couldn't help but look forward to the strength of the Soul Eater.

"Susu..."

"What a light system..."

"What a holy flame..." While Xiao Yan was talking with everyone, he was located less than ten meters away from the altar, and suddenly started to wriggle slightly, and then a ghostly body slowly emerged.

The space wriggled slightly, and then calmed down again, even Xiao Yan didn't notice the change.

"Humph."

"The two criminal guards who killed my "sin", you guys, you can only repay with death."

"A powerhouse in the middle stage of the Three Star Dou Emperor and some small shrimps are coming from a distance, let's just catch you all." The evil sinner was quite confident, and after muttering to himself, he immediately melted into the air. , wait quietly.

"Xiao Yan?"

"Little Ye, are you all right?" After a while, Yu Yifeng came to the altar first, and immediately saw that the four people in the altar were intact, and immediately said with joy.

"Second uncle."

"Uuuuu." Yu Xiaoye just saw Yu Yifeng, and she burst into tears. Obviously, if Xiao Yan hadn't saved her just now, I'm afraid her life would be...

"It's all over." Yu Yifeng could naturally guess why Yuyi was like this, so he comforted him immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Second Uncle, this time we were attacked, it was Xiao Yan who saved me, if it wasn't for him, I'd be afraid..." Yuyi Yinyi bit his teeth lightly, looked at Xiao Yan and said.

"The one who attacked you is..." The land monkey on the side couldn't help but said.

"It's a "sin"."

"A late-stage one-star Dou Xian guard... and a late-stage two-star Dou Xian." Shui Yue in the distance walked up slowly, apparently, as the only two-star Dou Xian among the four, he finally defeated The crime guard was seriously injured by Liu Qingguang, so he was obliterated by Xiao Yan's formation and thunder methods.

"what?"

"Guilty guards in the late two-star fighting immortals?" Yu Yifeng couldn't help frowning when he heard the words.

"Naturally, there is no problem in the late stage one-star Dou Xian guard. As for the late two-star Dou Xian powerhouse, they were also successfully killed with the help of Liu Qing and Xiao Yan."

"But we feel that there are still their men here..." Shuiyue said.

"Susu."

"It turns out that it was you who killed my subordinates..." As soon as Shuiyue's voice fell, the entire space was suddenly filled with a rather cold evil aura!

This breath is like ice that has not melted for thousands of years, it is extremely piercing, and it is also filled with quite evil power.

"Good guy..." Feeling this tyrannical aura, both Xiao Yan and Liu Qing's faces turned gloomy instantly. With Xiao Yan's holy flame and because Liu Qing was born into the light element, it was natural that I felt the horror of this guy for the first time.

The strength of this guy is much stronger than the combined strength of the first two sinners.

"Captain..." Seeing that the space is full of ice silk flying, but the evil figure is moving at a high speed like a ghost, so that everyone can't catch the specific location, and then the land monkey said.

"This guy is very ~ and just a face-to-face, Jade Legacy gave an evaluation.

"Shuiyue, land monkey, protect them."

"Thunder Snake, I will feign attack, and you will be in charge of the main attack." The next moment, Jade Legacy's fearless aura appeared, and a Bodhidharma order was issued slowly.

"Wow!" Yu Yifeng's voice just fell, and suddenly the pure blue water-type fighting spirit and yellow earth-type fighting spirit on Shuiyue and the earth monkey flashed out at the same time, and then surrounded the crowd into a light curtain that was several dozen meters long. Formation, protect everyone!

As for Jade Legacy, there were hurricanes emerging around him, and then his eyes kept moving, apparently capturing the location of the evil aura.

"Captain, this guy is moving too fast, I can't hit him." On the side of the Thunder Snake, the crackling silver thunder slowly flowed, and above the silver thunder, there was the power of the ultimate yang to destroy everything.

"Susu."

"A late-stage two-star Dou Xian, plus a middle-stage three-star Dou Xian, just want to kill me?"

"It's too ignorant to take my ice sinner seriously." As the voice fell, the temperature in the entire space suddenly dropped, and in a certain void, it came out slowly. A figure.

This figure is also wearing a black robe, with the red word of sin engraved on the back, but this guy is different from the previous two guys, because this guy wears a mask on his face, there is no decoration on the mask, some are just A touch of dark red aura lingered, but that dark red aura shocked everyone!

. m.