Chapter Vol 4 1934: Chaos situation!

The latest website: "Boom!" Deafening voices continued to sound in the ancient battlefield. Immediately, whether it was the three powerhouses or the remaining six demon kings, they could clearly sense the terrifying aura.

"That's... the direction of the evil cage town of water and fire." At this time, in a quiet battlefield forest, barren land and rickety trees filled the place, and several figures appeared here one after another. There was an unmistakable terrifying pressure on his body.

That kind of aura is arrogant and arrogant like an innate superior person, but its strength should not be underestimated.

"The Demon Suppression Prison has been broken. I am afraid that the two white kings imprisoned in it have also been successfully broken."

"Wait... Is there a breath of light?" For a time, a woman with crane hair twisted her enchanting body. Every stroke would bring a touch of terrifying power, and her beautiful eyes slowly stared at it. The location of the Demonic Prison in the Demonic Cage of Water and Fire, he said vigilantly.

Even though both of them are both of the light attribute aura, the power emanating from the Demon Suppression Prison is far more tyrannical than himself.

"What's the matter?" The first man frowned and his face darkened.

Bone Demon King!

Even with his power, when he smelled this bright breath, bursts of palpitating power swept out uncontrollably.

It's not that the White Bone Demon King is afraid of this bright aura, but he is surprised. How can there be such a level of powerhouse in the demon world?

That is clearly the power aura of the Holy See Angel!

"It seems that some extraordinary guys have also poured into the demon world." At this moment, the White Bone Demon King sneered with interest, and the madness in his voice was hard to contain.

Holy See Angel, waiting for him to rule the demon world, there is always a chance to go to the meeting!

"By the way, what's the current situation of the Black Demon Dragon Wolf?" After a while, the White Bone Demon King said coldly.

"I don't know, I found his breath in the Demon Suppressing Prison before, but now his breath seems to be beyond the range I can sense, it's very strange..." Yu Yin curled up, the place is now calm, but with these few The strength of the top powerhouses, this time on the ancient battlefield, I am afraid they are the biggest winners, but I don't know what they are waiting for, and they are reluctant to take action.

On the other side, at Tianxiong Tyrant.

This is a relatively narrow cave. There are only two people in the cave, but both of them are full of demonic energy without exception.

"Lord... the blood demon king has fallen." Not long after, one of the monster beast men whose body was wrapped in blood-colored scales spoke first, and there was an extremely rare shock in his voice.

The Blood Demon King is the strongest in their army, and the strength of the Eight-Star Dou Xian in the late stage has almost gone sideways in the demon world today. How could it have fallen?

"What?" Hearing what the monster said, the man above the first snorted coldly, and a circle of invisible green monsters swept in with a heavy aura like a mountain.

"Lord, calm your anger."

"In my opinion, this matter is probably related to the bright aura in the Demon Suppression Prison today."

"Looking at the entire Daqian world, there are very few powerhouses with a bright breath, and almost most powerhouses have been subdued by the Holy See, so the fall of the blood demon king, I am afraid..." The bloodscale sage spoke slightly, for the sky Tyrant Bear analyzed.

Bloodscale Sage, this is a monster famous for his wisdom. His whole life is mainly about arranging troops. Although his strength is only in the middle stage of Eight Star Fighting Immortals, he is highly regarded by Tianxiong Tyrant.

Tianxiong Tyrant was originally just a warrior. He suffered a lot of setbacks before encountering the Bloodscale Sage. He was rescued by the Bloodscale Sage several times in the water and fire. He immediately spared all the medicinal resources to force this guy who was not good at cultivation. In the middle stage of the Eight Stars Fighting Immortals, and in addition to the blessings that Tianxiong Tyrant did not know from there, the Bloodscale Sage was able to help him wholeheartedly.

With the help of the Bloodscale Sages, Tianxiong Tyrant's Monster Beast Legion and the forces behind him have also increased significantly.

"Now the figure of the Black Devil Dragon Wolf is unknown, and the battle situation on the ancient battlefield is at stake. How do you think this is good?" The fluff on Tianxiong Tyrant's body was blowing, and he slowly muttered, a fear of depression spread out.

Tyrant Tianxiong knows that at this time, only by asking his opinion can he formulate each next step, and if he takes a wrong step, the consequences may be disastrous.

"Sir, Shu Xiao dared to say something."

"According to the news I got now, one of the seven demon kings has perished. Although I don't know who did it, this is a good thing for us." The Bloodscale Sage continued.

"How do you say this?" Tianxiong Tyrant frowned and asked.

"Originally, our two forces were like fire and water, but our two armies fought just to force the seal of the Demon Emperor out, so as to collect some useful things from there."

"Now that the battle situation has changed, the whereabouts of the black fiend dragon and wolf are unknown, and in addition to the fact that the fiendish king of white bones is not moving... We might as well take the opportunity to send troops to quell the remaining six demon kings and incorporate their power, so that we are qualified to fight against the fiendish king of white bones. ."

"After all, the power of the remaining six demon kings, if we can use them all, is also a powerful force." The Bloodscale Sage analyzed.

"But even so, the reincarnation powerhouses behind the White Bone Demon King are far more than us, and then there are the Black Demon Dragon Wolf's army that is eyeing..." At this moment, Tianxiong Tyrant was also puzzled, and he didn't know for a while. How to be good.

"Lord, you must stop it, and you will suffer the chaos."

"The Black Devil Dragon Wolf army has no backbone, and it is not as good as us in terms of combat power, so there is nothing to be afraid of."

"As for reincarnation, we don't have it, do you think so?" After the bloodscale sage finished speaking, he smiled strangely.

"Okay!"

"It's all as you say!"

"..." The orders were issued in an orderly manner, and at this moment, the entire pattern of the demon world was also cleaned up by the Tianxiong tyrant.

"There is actually an angel?"

"It's really a miscalculation." On the far side, Xu Shao's gloomy body, accompanied by the evil light of the evil bone, went directly to the deeper part of the wild and desolate demon realm, but within his body, there was a piece of evil awe-inspiring. The crystal block, the crystal block has absorbed countless evil powers, and the power contained in it is probably comparable to reincarnation.

There there is a looming grand palace, the palace is full of countless awe-inspiring sacred energy, those forces only completely lock this space, so that no one can step into it!

And here, in the ancient battlefield, the seal of the Red King!

The sixth town demon prison, code-named Dark Night!

There are a large number of Demon Suppression Prisons, but without exception, among the top six Demon Suppressing Prisons, all sealed are the true kings of the alien races.

Red King!

At this moment, a larger conspiracy is slowly brewing. If no one stands up, I am afraid that this time the demon world will face an unprecedented disaster!

The two white kings may not be something to be afraid of, but the strength of the red king is definitely not something that a few demon world powerhouses who have just stepped into reincarnation can handle!

Because this Red King has truly passed through the realm of reincarnation and evil calamity!