Chapter Vol 4 2215: A shocking scene!

"Boom!"

Alice's slender hand held a cyan sword, and her footsteps were like lotuses in the void. She was graceful but contained a powerful spirit that shocked the soul. One after another fierce attack was drawn out from the palm of her hand, and countless waves were rippling. The terrifying energy fluctuations knocked Xiao Yan back step by step!

The cyan sword body is covered with countless ancient patterns, and even the butterfly shadow wood spirits are looming, adding countless light auras to it.

"Hey!"

Suddenly, Alice's eyes closed, and the cyan sword was raised above her head. The next moment, a bright cyan sword mark with a size of thousands of meters swept out like a dawn born before dawn, and appeared on the edge of the amber holy flame river. , making the entire enchantment tremble.

"Buzz!"

This sword alone slashed the terrifying power contained in the entire Shengyan River with a buzzing sound. Although the color of the Shengyan River was bleak, the power contained in it did not diminish in the slightest. The spirit of the formation descended from the sky with the power of falling meteorites, killing Alice directly!

Looking at this appearance, it seems to be a battle of the two with a lose-lose attitude!

The blue-colored sword mark is like a sword of death, which is pointed out in the air, with terrifying power. The sword shadow beam is constantly expanding in Xiao Yan's pupils, but in the end, it has not broken through the flaming river in front of Xiao Yan. Ling roared, and two majestic flames were swallowed up, and they were instantly entangled with it!

"Boom!"

The seemingly tyrannical blue sword shadow, but under the action of two strong forces, made a strange sound of cracking and breaking.

"How can it be?"

"What kind of power is this?"

"A rock-like heavy aura, the restraint of the ghostly spirit of the soul, and a mysterious power that is immortal and immortal?"

"Ah ah ah!"

The sword shadow did not fall, but when it was about to disappear, a rare panic appeared on Alice's beautiful face.

It seems that his strongest blow was swallowed up by the flaming river when he was about to shatter it, and then disintegrated by Xiao Yan's strange flaming river?

What kind of terrifying flame is this?

"ended."

A cry of regret fell from the sky, and all of a sudden, everyone saw a thin black figure standing on the river of flames of amber color, a terrifying dragon unparalleled in the world, with the terrifying power of destroying the sky and destroying the earth, emerging.

"Pfft!"

The amber flame river turned into countless flame shackles, and the speed was extremely fast, without giving the latter a chance to react, and one after another bound to Alice's delicate body, and under the pressure of this terrifying holy flame, Alice first At one time, I felt that the power of reincarnation in my body actually failed, and I was indifferent to how I mobilized it!

The current self is no different from a weak woman who is powerless!

"Hoohoho!"

Xiao Yan showed no signs of pity and cherishing the jade. The giant dragon circling between, turned into a fiery red energy beam, and roared away at Alice who was temporarily bound!

"Crack!"

With a sound, Alice's delicate body was like a broken flower and a willow. She was violently retreated by Xiao Yan's attack for several thousand meters, and even hit the edge of the altar's enchantment. Violent energy ripples emerged. On, there was a touch of astonishment from beginning to end!

The fire of the holy flame on this human is too powerful, so powerful that it can narrow or even ignore the gap between the strengths of the two, and because she is the king of the fire elves, her internal strength is related to the flame, so she is naturally killed by it. restraint.

"Princess Alice!"

At this moment, the audience was silent, and no one knew what was going on. All they could see was that Princess Alice elegantly swung a sword that destroyed the world, but it disappeared in Xiao Yan's flaming river. Then Alice was defeated so easily.

As tyrannical as Princess Alice, the first-level reincarnation level strength, how could it be so easily defeated by a human whose strength is only in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal?

This is too far-fetched, isn't it?

"Second Elder, I suspect that this human being used despicable methods, please order him to be killed!!!"

Seeing Alice's ugly appearance, some of the elven powerhouses who supported Alice glared at them, and the dazzling power all over their bodies was tumbling, and they were actually ready to directly kill Xiao Yan with a tough stance!

"Humph!"

"My second brother can't be compared to the younger generation like you!"

"The competition is fair and fair, everyone can see it, is it possible that you want to disobey the rules set by the goddess Yaoji from generation to generation!"

When Xiao Yi heard this, she stood up suddenly, and a purple flame burst out from the reincarnation mark between her eyebrows, shaking everyone's hearts.

"Pfft!"

Alice stood helplessly on the edge of the altar, and a blank flashed across her mind for a short time.

lost.

I lost myself.

"Are you still fighting?"

Xiao Yan asked each other in a distant voice. Xiao Yan's situation at this time is not optimistic. After all, he used the power of Formation Pattern and Holy Flame to defeat Alice by luck. Otherwise, there will definitely be a fierce battle between the two.

"I... I lost."

Alice shook her head weakly, her beautiful eyes kept staring at Xiao Yan, as if she was unwilling, as if the competitive spirit in her heart also became quiet under the strange holy flame around Xiao Yan.

At this point, there is no need to continue.

Judging from the fight just now, Alice knew that even if she was fighting, she didn't have much chance of winning.

"Princess!!!"

Countless vassal powerhouses heard the words and shouted loudly. They invested a lot of resources and costs in Alice. Now Alice's appearance has undoubtedly made their countless days of anticipation in vain.

"I lost."

"The West Tribe withdrew from this and competed for the position of the next patriarch."

"But I hope that after the matter is over, Aisha and the others will be returned to us, and the strong people of the Western Tribe will be under the command of Young Master Yi."

Alice shook her head. After being defeated by Xiao Yan, she didn't feel ashamed and angry like an ordinary human being. The noble princess' cultivation made her act very different from other humans.

"Princess Alice is so daring."

When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help but complimented him. This kind of aura is not something that everyone can possess.

"I still have a question, I wonder if Young Master Xiao Yan can solve the puzzle?"

In Alice's beautiful eyes, there was always a hint of doubt That was why her own power of reincarnation was defeated by Xiao Yan.

"Princess, may I ask." Xiao Yan replied.

"What kind of holy flame is your flame, and why is it different from the many flames on the holy flame list?"

"Even the strongest sword that can resist me."

Alice stared at Xiao Yan closely, this was the question she most wanted to know.

"Pfft!"

"How is it possible... I didn't lose wrongly."

Xiao Yan's whole body exuded an energy barrier that could not be detected by external forces. After blinking, a strong relief appeared in Alice's eyes, and she smiled casually.

The blessings of the Holy Flame River and the power of the array pattern, coupled with the fact that Holy Flame's restraint on Alice is extremely obvious, so there are some tricks involved, but in the final analysis, Xiao Yan won this time.

"The three western tribes have all lost, and the next is the competition between the three eastern tribes and the last one from the southern tribe."

People with discerning eyes had some regrets in their eyes, but after Shunxi, they also set their sights on the three people in the east and Xiao Yan.

Is it a coincidence or another hidden reason that Princess Lisi, the great lover of winning the championship, was defeated by a weak human being?

But the next scene, I am afraid it will become more lively!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: