Chapter Vol 4 1478: The Situation of Tennozo

"Hey, you guy, you are in a hurry." Seeing Xiao Yan's voice, the fascinated old ghost turned the corners of his eyes and smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Since I entered the ruins, the reincarnation fluctuations have faintly emitted a faint aura of fear. Obviously, there are some tyrannical evil things in this ruins."

"And relying on my intuition, I am afraid that this evil creature is related to the Tianwangzang." Du Qifei said, saying that the perfect eye also penetrated the endless void and went towards the depths of the ruins.

"The power of the Thunder Lord is really not something I can spy on. Unfortunately, I did not witness the true face of the Thunder Lord back then. It is said that she is still a beautiful woman..." The fascinated old ghost said respectfully.

"But Tianwangzang knows." For some reason, Du Qifei said abruptly.

"Although I haven't seen Lord Leizhu, Lord Tianwangzang has fought with Lord Leizhu. Although Lord Lord Tianwangzang is not as powerful as Leizhu, the relationship between the two must be good." The next moment, the fascinated old ghost smiled. road.

"Senior, don't betray you, we should solve it as soon as possible," Du Qifei said after a while.

"This ruin is extremely dangerous, and inside there is a tomb left by Lord Tianwangzang."

"However, since the establishment of the ruins, the lord will impose a strict death order, and no one shall enter his tomb." After a while, the eyes of the fascinated old ghost became deep, and he slowly looked at the endless void, revealing a hint of With a very respectful look, he said.

"The mausoleum... It seems that the Heavenly King's Treasure may be entangled by the evil clan outside the realm." Although he didn't want to admit it, Xiao Yan still said helplessly.

The strength of Tianwangzang is tyrannical, and the extraterritorial evil clan that can entangle him may also have the same strength as the sky.

"When the lord fell, he once sealed himself in the depths of the ruins, and in the depths of the ruins, there was a mausoleum that the lord had already prepared."

"Since then, no one has stepped into the mausoleum, but when the adult fell, the monstrous evil power on his body was like a demon, which puzzled me." The fascinated old ghost recalled.

"Could it be controlled by the evil race outside the territory?" Du Qifei said.

"I don't think so."

"Lord Tianwangzang's strength is extraordinary, and he has many means of the seal of the heavenly king in his hand. Even if it is a foreign evil clan, I am afraid it will not be easy to control him." Xiao Yan nodded slowly and said, Xiao Yan knew the evil of the foreign evil clan. , but the evaluation of this Tianwangzang, who was praised by the Lord of Soul Eater, was quite high.

"Then he is..." Suddenly, the fascinated old ghost looked at Xiao Yan curiously. After all, when the Heavenly King Zang fell, even he didn't know what happened, and Xiao Yan was pregnant with holy flame, so naturally I know more about the alien race than myself.

"Although the powers of the evil race from outside the territory are powerful, Lord Tianwangzang also has a great reputation in the ghost world. No matter who wants to control the other, it's probably not so easy for the two of them..."

"So I guess... Lord Tianwang Zang is probably doing it on purpose, pulling himself and the foreign evil tribes into the tomb prepared in advance, the purpose is to seal and suppress!"

"Therefore, he left his last words that he was not allowed to enter the mausoleum. The purpose was to completely obliterate the extraterritorial evil clan that entangled him with the passage of time." Xiao Yan's voice was like a bell, resounding in everyone's hearts.

"The extraterritorial evil race that once fought with Lord Tianwang Zang was the Demon Queen of Poison Temple, but the Demon Queen of Poison Temple was suppressed at the core of the Demon Suppression Prison. If it wasn't for the Demon Queen of Poison Temple, what level of extraterritorial evil race would there be? , can you make Lord Tianwang Zang do this?"

"After all, the strength of this Heavenly King's Collection is also very important." Du Qifei shook his head and said, obviously not believing what Xiao Yan said.

"According to the information I got from the holy flame."

"The Demon Empress of Poison Temple is a unique force of the evil tribes outside the realm. They are good at using poison. It is said that they can easily obliterate hundreds of cities by virtue of their evil spirits without using one soldier or one soldier." Xiao Yan said.

"I know this, but what does this have to do with Tianwang Zang?" Du Qifei asked in confusion.

"The Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is one of the evil races from outside the realm, and her strength has reached the 'Emperor' level, which is comparable to the powerhouse of our six-star fighting immortals."

"As far as I know, there are two generals in the hands of the Dusha Demon Puppet. Although they are not as powerful as the Dusha Demon Empress, they are still at the level of a 'half emperor', and their strength has reached the level of a five-star fighting immortal. "Xiao Yan said word by word.

"Little guy, what you said... But the Sky Poison Temple and Earth Poison Temple beside the Poison Poison Demon Empress?" After a while, the fascinated old ghost also remembered something and hurriedly said.

"Yes, it's the two of them." Xiao Yan nodded.

"But these two guys, weren't they suppressed by the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple together?"

"How could it be possible..." The fascinated old ghost obviously didn't believe it and shook his head.

"Senior Fascinating Soul, when Lord Tianwangzang fell, did you ever get seriously injured?" Xiao Yan asked.

"In order to help the master of the plane to capture the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, Lord Tianwang Zang once suffered a fatal blow from the Demon Queen of the Poison Temple. Later, he was unable to heal, so he fell in remorse, and I am worried that the evil power in the Lord may be the poison Left behind by the Demon Empress." The fascinated old ghost recalled.

"Heaven Poison Sha and Earth Poison Sha are allegiance to the Demon Empress of Poison Temple so I speculate that the Demon Queen of Poison Temple has already hidden the Sky Poison Sha in the body of Tian Wang Zang in secret for revenge. Although Zang is powerful, but after being seriously injured by the Demon Empress of Poison Temple, I am afraid that it will be at stake to deal with the strongest Sky Poison Temple under her." Xiao Yan explained.

"If this is the case, I'm afraid that the adults are in danger!" And as Xiao Yan spoke, the fascinated old ghost finally couldn't sit still. Tianwangzang has made great contributions to the ghost world. So let them feel at ease as their subordinates.

"Senior, don't worry, we are here to help Lord Tianwangzang." Seeing that he had easily persuaded the fascinated old ghost, Xiao Yan immediately laughed, but where did these information come from Shengyan? From it, it was clearly what his master, the Lord of Soul Eater, told him.

It's just that in the deep ruins at this time, Xiao Yan didn't get to the bottom of the relationship between the Lord of Soul Eater and Tianwangzang, otherwise, how could the Lord of Soul Eater, a dignified Lord of Soul Eater Domain, be so clear As for the details of the powerhouses in Li Soul Domain, among them, I am afraid there are some tricks.

"This guy." Looking at Xiao Yan's analysis, Du Qifei couldn't help but happily said, obviously this guy Xiao Yan can always be unexpected.

"Senior, it is the responsibility of our holy flame controllers to get rid of foreign evil races..."

"But now we are weak and weak, so in order for us to better protect the Daqian world, shouldn't senior... also show some sincerity?"

"In this way, it will also enhance our strength, and we will be able to deal with extraterritorial evil races with half the effort." The next moment, Xiao Yan's mouth also slowly drew a smile, and said slowly.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: