Chapter Vol 4 851: push back

"who?"

"Come out!" Wang Xie suddenly became slightly vigilant when he heard the words.

As Wang Xie's voice just fell, the only person who responded to Wang Xie was the dark and quiet silence.

"Clang!" With a sound, the stone gate was slammed shut!

"..." But in the next breath, this space is now calm, and even the breathing sounds of other powerhouses can be heard clearly.

"What happened to that voice just now?" The strong man couldn't help but said.

"I don't know." Facing the question, someone responded directly.

"Strange, that sound seems to come from the jade rabbit statue..." Xiao Yan shook his head.

The moment the voice appeared, Xiao Yan locked onto the jade rabbit statue, but he didn't find anything. The jade rabbit statue was still standing there quietly.

"Shimen has been sealed, so I can't get out." Mu Feng walked slightly to Shimen and pushed hard, but found that Shimen could not move no matter what.

"What the **** is this place?" Although there were not many strong people present, there were nearly a hundred people, so no one flinched for a while.

"What did you find?" Xiao Yan glanced around, then asked Yueru.

The appearance of that voice just now, with the power of Xiao Yan's soul, the strong man could not find the birthplace. This is what surprised Xiao Yan the most.

You must know that the soul power of Xiao Yan's eyes is extremely tyrannical, and it is impossible to find it so powerful. I am afraid that the soul power of the voice just now is more powerful than Xiao Yan!

"No." Yueru shook her head, obviously not sure where the voice just came from.

"Where did that voice come from just now?" At this time, Xingtaki spoke slightly.

Obviously, the reason why Xingtaki entered the ruins was to obtain some treasures that could improve him. However, as for the fighting spirit or inheritance, Xingtaki had no intention of getting involved. It seems that the biggest beneficiary of this ruin will be the Xuanling royal family, although Hoshitaki is quite puzzled.

After all, there is only one Qi Haoqing in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor left in the Xuanling royal family, and Qi Haoran in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor has all fallen into the hands of Xiao Yan.

"The voice just now..." After hearing the words, many strong men remembered.

"Giggle, funny." A strange voice sounded!

With the sound of this voice, many strong men's hearts were filled with fear.

But this fear, only Yue Ru, Xiao Yan, Meng Fei and Leng Fuyao felt the deepest feeling.

"It's that guy..." Yueru said softly, and then her eyes fell on the stone statue.

However, Xiao Yan, Meng Fei, and the three alchemists said in unison: "The soul power of the emperor's realm..."

After the three of them finished speaking, a dignified touch appeared on everyone's cheeks!

The soul power of the Emperor Realm is extremely close to the strength of Dou Xian.

Although the people present are not weak, most of them are at the level of the Seven-Star Dou-Emperor, but they can deal with some of the Seven-Star Dou-Emperor who are either complete or weak.

"The stone statue is gone!" Guni suddenly said at this time.

Following Guni's opening, many strong men turned their attention to the only stone statue in the hall, and found that the stone statue had already disappeared without a trace!

"Welcome to the Jade Rabbit Palace."

"My name is Yutu, I covet my master's inheritance, you can die." As soon as the voice fell, a rather graceful figure suddenly hovered slightly in the middle of the hall.

Everyone looked up and saw a woman sitting on top of a crescent moon, and the woman's body was the same as a human being, but the furry rabbit ears were exactly the same as the stone statue just now!

"asshole!"

"Let's shoot together!" Seeing this, Meng Fei hummed suddenly, and then the dazzling power of life was urged.

This guy is too strong, if he doesn't sit still, I'm afraid everyone will die!

"Boom boom boom!" After hearing the words, many powerhouses stopped holding hands, and terrifying attacks emerged one after another, attacking the jade rabbit above the air!

"Tricks of carving insects." Yutu smiled slightly, and a silver moon with mysterious power appeared. Suddenly, the seemingly terrifying attacks of many powerhouses were directly swallowed by the silver moon.

"what."

"Who to start with?"

"It's up to you." Yutu finished all this, and then stared at the many powerhouses below, like a **** of death.

"no……"

"too strong……"

"Is it really going to die here today?" Seeing this, some strong men immediately gave up their resistance and felt desperate.

However, the other disciples of the other super sects did not sit still, because they knew that if they didn't fight hard, they would really turn into a corpse!

"Senior..." Just when Yutu was about to kill, Yueru stepped forward slightly, and then on her forehead, a silver moon that was exactly the same as Yutu's feet appeared.

"Oh?" Yutu heard the words, temporarily put aside his interest in others, and stared at Yueru.

From Yueru's forehead, she seemed to smell that guy's breath.

That guy, of course, is Fairy Moon.

"Hehe, little guy, there seems to be something in your body?" After a while, the figure of Yutu disappeared in mid-air, and then a slender figure appeared next to Yueru, and the jade rabbit's jade finger slightly touched Yueru's body. He raised his chin and said in an incredible tone.

Seeing this, many strong men hurriedly retreated. They knew that the strength of this Jade Rabbit was too terrifying, and I am afraid that it could kill everyone here in an instant It is indeed an inheritance rune. "The next moment, as Yutu raised Yueru's chin, a crescent-colored mysterious rune radiated a faint light on her forehead.

The next moment, Yutu's eyes were looking at Yueru's companions. When he saw Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, a burning feeling spread throughout his body.

"I didn't expect this guy to have the inheritance rune of the bright moon on his body, and the flames on these two are probably holy flames..."

"In this case, maybe the child can be freed..." Yutu thought for a while, and then spoke slightly in his heart.

"Come with me." After a while, Yutu said.

"You, she, both of you must go." Yutu pointed at Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, and spoke immediately.

"There are many treasures in this palace, please come back."

"If you step inside, kill!" Above the weak body of Yutu, a strong aura emerged, and it was immediately displayed in front of everyone.

"A powerhouse at the level of the Nine Star Dou Di..." Seeing this, many powerhouses felt a hint of helplessness in their hearts.

Even if the treasure is attractive, I am afraid they will not have any chance of winning against the Nine Star Dou Di, so they can only give up.

However, Guni, Qi Haoqing and Wang Xie did not intend to do so. After all, the three of them had proof.

"Just let you jump around for a while."

"I want the inheritance, and I want the fighting spirit!" All three of Gunny wanted to say in unison.

After finishing speaking, many powerhouses scattered directly to other parts of the palace, obviously unable to enter the deepest part of the palace, so they can only go to other places to find treasures. Fortunately, there are not many treasures in this palace. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: