Chapter Vol 2 811: 5th grade blood curse

"How can it be……"

"This second Qi family brother actually has a blood curse..." Xiao Yan murmured in a low voice, an emotion of surprise poured into his heart.

The so-called blood curse is a gift from the foreign evil race to some humans in the world. This kind of blood curse can greatly enhance the strength of the user, but once the blood curse is planted in the body, it undoubtedly means that this human is a foreign evil race. Serve.

But it is a bit harsh to say, that is the seed of the alien evil race in the human body. Once this kind of seed is planted, I am afraid that it is extremely difficult to eradicate, and once it is implanted, I am afraid that it will be a part of the alien evil race in the future. elements.

"It seems that the Xuanling Royal Family is more terrifying than I thought, not only having an affair with the Soul Clan Solomon, but also seems to have something to do with the extraterritorial evil clan." Xiao Yan whispered.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, go to hell!" At this time, the strength of Qi Haoran's two brothers has actually increased by a level, but their pupils are filled with endless bloodshots, and an extremely evil aura emerges from their bodies. .

The original strength of the two was only in the early stage of Qi Haoqing's Seven Star Dou Emperor, and Qi Haoran in the middle stage of Seven Star Dou Emperor, but now the strength of the two has been abruptly improved by one level, which makes the pressure on Xiao Yan even more terrifying.

"How can the aura on these two humans be so evil?" The Fire Beast of Life and Death naturally felt the evil aura on the two, and immediately spoke.

"Human boy, I hope you can stop them for a while, otherwise I will fail to transcend the calamity, and I am afraid that both of us will fall here today." But after the blink of an eye, the fire beast of life and death calmed down. At critical moments, there is no time to think about things.

"No, the expressions of these two guys don't seem to know this thing..." But the next moment, Xiao Yan felt a strange feeling again, and immediately opened his mouth.

Soul power can perceive people's emotions, so Xiao Yan is sure that the two of them don't even know that this thing is the blood curse of the foreign evil clan!

"What are you using?"

"How could it have soared so much power in a short period of time?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking aloud.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, you will be afraid one day."

"Then I'll tell you mercifully."

"The thing we use is clearly a unique power in our Xuanling royal family. It is called Xuanyin. Using this power can increase our power in a short time. The only side effect is that it will be weak for a period of time. It was used by Han Dao, but King Xuanling has his life, so he has to take your body back." Qi Haoran did not shy away, as if Xiao Yan was already dead in the eyes of the two of them.

"The unique power of the Xuanling royal family?"

"I see that the power is extremely evil. I'm afraid it's not from the Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan saw that the two were arrogant and showed no signs of making a move, so he was not in a hurry.

"impossible!"

"This is definitely the power of our Xuanling royal family!" Qi Haoqing answered directly.

But after Qi Haoqing finished speaking, his pupils turned blood red and bloody.

"Haoqing, are you alright?" Qi Haoran snorted coldly when he saw this, but he was carefully sensing the aura in his body. It seemed as Xiao Yan said, it was extremely evil!

"I think the power on the two of you is most likely the power of the evil race from outside the realm. The evil aura on your body is too abhorrent." Xiao Yan seemed to want to confirm his guess, and immediately opened his mouth.

"impossible!"

"Xiao Yan, stop talking nonsense."

"Although our Xuanling Royal Family is at odds with you Burning Incense Pavilion, we will definitely not do such things as fornicating with foreigners." Qi Haoran was furious when he heard this!

"You won't, but that doesn't mean others won't."

"And in my opinion, you seem to be just victims." Xiao Yan continued.

"Is it true..." Qi Haoran heard the words, his eyes flickered with determination, just wanted to withdraw this power, but how did he expect the blood curse to suddenly cover their bodies in an instant!

"Ahhh!" With Xiao Yan's voice, the second brother Qi Haoran became strange!

At first, the two of them just had their pupils flashing blood red, and the five blood threads symbolized the fifth-level blood curse. At this time, the blood curse filled their bodies!

"Ahhh!"

"Don't!" The screams echoed in the molten world. The two brothers Qi Haoran were in extreme pain, their hands tightly holding their foreheads, as if they were struggling violently.

"Shoot, this must be a foreign evil clan!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and suddenly gathered his offensive, preparing to attack the two.

No matter what the two of them said, the matter of the extraterritorial evil race on their bodies must be clarified.

And this time, his master Zhu Jin planned to save someone from the Xuanling royal family. If they didn't know the news, they would probably just throw themselves into the net!

"Damn!" Just as Xiao Yan was about to make a move, the blood demon gold energy in his body that had calmed down suddenly became agitated, causing Xiao Yan's hard-to-condensed power to instantly turn to ashes.

"If you don't come sooner or later, why do you come at this time?" Xiao Yan endured the outbreak of the blood demon's golden energy, and the two Qi Hao brothers could only ignore it for the time being.

"Holy Flame!"

"Suppress me!" Xiao Yan knew that the blood demon gold in his body was no joke, so he didn't dare to neglect, he sat cross-legged directly, and then a dazzling holy flame force was facing the blood demon gold in his chest. Air pressure away.

It's strange to say, this blood demon golden energy is good, how can it be so restless!

However, Xiao Yan understood the next moment when he saw the second Qi Hao brothers.

"It seems that it is the power between the evil races outside the territory. The blood demon Jinqi feels the blood curse in the two people has a change." Xiao Yan said.

"Suppression!" As Xiao Yan used holy flame again and again to suppress the blood demon gold qi in his body, the blood demon gold qi in Xiao Yan's body suddenly calmed down.

"Huh, the whole body has been suppressed." Xiao Yan was frightened. If the blood demon gold qi really broke out, I am afraid that with his current strength, he would not be able to deal with it, but fortunately, the blood demon gold qi was only attracted, and No real outbreak.

"These two guys..."

"It seems that there is no help." After suppressing the blood demon gold energy in his body, Xiao Yan turned his attention to the two brothers in front of him.

The two seem to have lost all their will at this time, and they have already been reduced to a machine that only knows how to kill.

"It's still a step too late." Xiao Yan shook his head, he knew that when he just suppressed the blood demon gold energy in his body, I am afraid that the last thoughts of these two brothers have been assimilated by the blood curse!

"Hehe, these two guys, what are you going to know about those things?"

"If you don't make good use of the fifth-level blood curse, you have to know something else that you shouldn't know. Curiosity will kill the cat." Among the Xuanling royal family, Xuanling King said.

"Soul Clan, Solomon, you may never have imagined that all the cooperation between my Xuanling Royal Family and you is just to cover up that power..."

"I hope that these two guys are worthwhile to die. It's better to die in the hands of the people in the Fenxiang Pavilion!"

"Hahaha!" After Xuanlingcheng finished speaking, he laughed strangely, but on the body of King Xuanling, a blood curse that was exactly the same as the two brothers of the Qi family was looming.

If you count it carefully, there are actually seven paths! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: