Chapter 559: 1 letter!

In the backyard at this time, the aisles are all made of high-quality wood, and there are many exquisite decorations on both sides of the aisle, such as some flowers, plants, birds and beasts.

"The owner of this mansion really enjoys it." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say in shock.

Xiao Yan's group of three slowly walked from the front yard to the back yard. It didn't take long for Shanyao to talk about it.

"It's here, it's here." After Shanyao finished speaking, she ran happily, and then pushed open the closed wooden door.

At the same time, a rather pleasant voice spoke to the figure inside the wooden door: "Sister Shanling!"

"I already remembered, you are my sister Shanling!"

"Shan Ling..." At this time, the wooden door was opened, and Shan Ling's figure appeared in front of everyone.

Shan Ling spoke slowly and feebly, and there was a bit of sadness in her voice.

"Sister Shanling, what's the matter with you?" Shanyao seemed rather puzzled why Shanling had a somber face, and immediately asked with a slow smile.

"It's fine." In order not to worry Xiao Yan and the others, Shan Ling tried her best to squeeze a smile from her lips, but this smile was too fake, and Xiao Yan saw through it at a glance.

"Ugh……"

"Shan Ling, why are you suffering?" Seeing this, Snake Punishment couldn't help but agree in his heart, and his voice was full of love.

"Why?"

"I don't know how powerful Immortal Master Madwood is, but a person who actually allows his wife to be killed and his daughter to wander, how can I call him father for such a person?"

"Sure enough, he is a good Mad Wood Immortal Master." Shan Ling said emotionally, and after speaking, she threw a letter in her hand at Xiao Yan.

It turns out that when Salvia left here just now, I don't know if I forgot to put the secret letter away or if I wanted to show it to Shan Ling on purpose.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, his brows furrowed tightly, and then he reached out and took the letter.

Snake Punishment looked at Xiao Yan in confusion. As for Shanyao, she seemed to have some guesses in her heart. She was slowly shaking her head at Shanling who was beside her, trying to please her and make her feel better.

As soon as I received this letter, a shady feeling struck instantly, as if it had fallen into an abyss!

The content of the letter is not much, about a few hundred words, but when Xiao Yan started to read it, his heart was overwhelmed!

"This seat is called Crazy Mu Xianlan, a fourth-grade pharmacist of the Immortal Rank at the peak of the Dou Emperor, who got a holy flame by chance."

"The holy flame is the lifelong dream of all pharmacists. As long as one can obtain one, it will not only greatly improve their refining skills, but also increase their combat power by geometric multiples!"

"Before I got the holy flame, I was still a person with a happy family, but after I got the holy flame, I was targeted by the aliens..."

"I'm staring at a group of extraterritorial evil races called Gorefiends."

"They live on blood and are extremely ferocious. After I obtained the Holy Flame, my strength skyrocketed and broke through the Dou Xian. At that time, I was the king of this land..."

"Relating to the safety of this land, I had to stand up. It happened that when my daughter was born, I named her Shanling, and the little princess of the Tianmuyu clan was also named Shanling. Yao."

"Shanyao Shanling, the two of them will spend their lives slowly."

"On the day of childbirth, it was the time when the Gorefiends were attacking, and I was already weak just by resisting the Gorefiends. Mother, finally..."

"When fighting against the Gorefiends, due to negligence, I made a fatal mistake, causing your mother to die on the battlefield..."

"At that time, I was exhausted, so I had to escape with you at your mother's strong request, but your mother also..."

"It wasn't until then that I realized the terrifyingness of this alien race. After that time, I swore that I would destroy this Gorefiend."

"So after I settle you down, I will do my best to fight the Gorefiends, and finally, at the cost of my life, I will suppress the Gorefiends at the top of this desert mountain range..."

"Shanling, I know I'm sorry for you, but I still want to hear you call me... Dad." The letter is over here.

When Xiao Yan saw this, he was finally relieved why Shan Ling was so excited, but something was wrong in his heart. The content of this letter seemed to be quite wrong, and it always felt strange.

Shan Ling lived in that lake since she was a child. If it wasn't for the snake torture that accidentally triggered the two of them, I'm afraid the two of them would still be at the bottom of that lake.

"Shan Ling, you can't blame him for this matter, after all, the evil race from outside the realm..." Xiao Yan wanted to say something, but seeing the look in Shan Ling's pupils, he immediately closed his mouth.

"But... how could he give up my mother and run away with me..."

"That's my mother, and it was just the day of giving birth..." Shan Ling said stubbornly, tears already brewing in her pupils.

"Alas..." Xiao Yan sighed slowly, Xiao Yan also shook his head at the actions of the Mad Wood Immortal Master.

Although there are few fights with the foreign evil clan, Xiao Yan has always been aware that the strength of the foreign evil clan is extremely terrifying. The strength of the Crazy Wood Immortal Master Fighting Immortal, plus the power of holy flame, can only be defeated. Running away is enough to see that this Gorefiend is extraordinary!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The first person I saw when I opened my eyes was Big Brother Snake Punishment. I haven't seen my father and mother from beginning to end. I've always been looking forward to the day I met them..."

"They don't have to be unparalleled heroes, just ordinary people, but..." Shan Ling kept saying.

"Buzz!" When Shanling opened her mouth, she didn't notice Shanyao next to her. Little did she know that Shanyao's situation was undoubtedly even more miserable than Shanling!

Because Shanyao has always been sealed by the Tianmuyu clan If Xiao Yan was not entrusted by Yuxuan this time and appeared with the conch, the token of the Tianmuyu clan, I am afraid this Shanyao would still continue to sleep. .

"Sister Shanling, we won't cry anymore. Uncle must have his reasons for doing this. He will definitely not abandon you." Shanyao said.

"Shan Ling, you have to remember that no matter when, your father will never abandon you. Your father is the hero who saved a land!" Snake said comfortingly.

"Hey, the handwriting on this letter seems to have been altered?" At the next moment, Xiao Yan originally wanted to use his soul power to investigate once to see if there was anything else on the envelope. After all, Immortal Master Madwood was also a A pharmacist, I don't know if I don't see it, but I'm startled when I see it!

Xiao Yan's soul power was surprised to find that the handwriting on your letter has been altered!

Although the traces of the changes were extremely vague, as if they were written by Immortal Master Madwood himself, Xiao Yan still allowed Xiao Yan to find out the slightest difference.

"Hehe, I thought it should be the effect of Salvia, so..."

"The content of this letter is not necessarily true or false."

"At least I can't believe it all, and I can't believe it all." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"I'm going to the top of the desert mountain range!" In the next moment, Shan Ling seemed to muster up her courage.

"When I finish absorbing the soul liquid, I'll go with you!" Xiao Yan said when she saw that Shanling's mood was slightly better.

Ask for tickets!