Chapter 610: Inescapable trouble!

When dawn crosses the sky and the afterglow of the sun scatters over the earth, it heralds the beginning of the day.

"Xiao Yan, early, what are you going to do when you get up so early?" Mu Feng, who was on the side, saw Xiao Yan long ago, and immediately greeted him warmly.

"Hehe, I just came out of the desert mountain range, and I just want to go to the competition field to practice my hands."

"By the way, let's take a look at the other powerhouses in our Fenxiang Pavilion. It's good for the team competition in a few days." Xiao Yan said without shyness.

"Then I happen to be familiar with this place. I'll take you there. I also want to see your strength." Mu Feng said with a grin.

"Let's go."

"On the way, I'll tell you about the results of our individual competition in the three halls of Heaven, Earth and Man in the Burning Incense Pavilion." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he took the lead in walking.

"When we cultivated in the desert mountain range, we did get a lot of benefits, and our strength improved by leaps and bounds. However, after cultivating for two years, the desert mountain range actually sank and disappeared, so we had to withdraw."

"Returning to the Burning Incense Pavilion, and then retreating again, my strength has skyrocketed a lot."

"When we get out of the customs, the individual competition at Burning Incense Pavilion will begin."

"After our consideration, we decided to give up the individual competition. After all, in the individual competition, the strength of the Temple of Earth and Heaven is unquestionably strong, and we don't want to go when you are not there." Mu Feng said slowly on the road.

"What is the strength of the people in the Temple of Earth and Heaven?" Xiao Yan heard the words, and immediately felt warm at the actions of Mu Feng and the others.

"Among our human halls, we are the weakest."

"Because among the most powerful disciples in our Human Palace, I'm afraid you are the only one." Mu Feng said bitterly.

"what?"

"Am I alone?"

"Could it be that there are no more disciples above the six-star Dou Di in our Human Palace?" Xiao Yan suddenly stopped in surprise and looked at Mu Feng.

"You can't say the same thing, because many of the disciples in our Human Temple came here to move the Heaven-shifting Ruler, so in the end, they couldn't get the Heaven-moving Ruler. Naturally, it was an opportunity to go out to experience and find a breakthrough."

"So in our Human Palace, except for the five of us, all the senior brothers left early." Mu Feng said.

"That means that there are only five of us in the Human Palace this time?" Xiao Yan couldn't help shrinking his eyes.

"Yes."

"So during the individual competition, Mu Xuzi said let us wait for you to directly participate in the team competition." Mu Feng said helplessly.

"I see." Xiao Yan thought it was a little funny and said, what the **** is this person doing? The number of disciples is too small.

"Mu Xuzi said that it is better to be short than to waste." Mu Feng hurriedly explained.

"As for the powerhouses in that temple..."

"There are as many as five of the six-star Dou Emperor powerhouses alone, and there are also quite a few powerhouses who are in the perfection of the Five-star Dou-Emperor..."

"There are even rumors that the senior brother in the temple has reached the level of a seven-star fighting emperor." Xiao Yan said with some difficulty.

"Five six-star fighting emperors?"

"A seven-star fighting emperor?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but frown upon hearing this.

As for the strength in this palace, although I didn't know it before, since it is stronger than the palace of people, it will definitely not be weaker than the palace of people, but how can I think that the strong people in this palace are so terrifying!

Five six-star fighting emperors and one seven-star fighting emperor, this is comparable to the strength of some medium-sized families!

"Where's the Temple of Heaven?" Xiao Yan still couldn't help asking.

Since this Earth Palace is so terrifying, if the Heavenly Palace is...

"In the case of the Temple of Heaven, only one person will participate in this individual competition, and he will be defeated by the second senior brother of the Temple of Earth." Mu Feng said.

"I don't know who is playing in the Heavenly Palace?" Xiao Yan asked, this day, the disciples of the Heavenly Palace actually lost to the Earth Palace's, which is somewhat inconceivable.

"The person who shot from the Heavenly Palace is named Ling Sha, and he is a strong man who has reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor."

"And the strength of the second apprentice brother Zhu Yuan in that hall was to reach the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation. In the decisive battle, Zhu Yuan won the victory only by one-and-a-half strokes."

"But everyone with discernment knows that if this Zhu Yuan is stronger than Ling Sha, Zhu Yuan would not have won." Mu Feng said with some envy.

"In the late stage of the Lingsha Six-Star Dou Di in the Heavenly Palace, is the second senior brother in the Earth Palace, Zhu Yuan, the Six-Star Dou Di consummated..."

"It's really hard to deal with..." Xiao Yan rubbed his head vigorously.

"By the way, how many disciples were there in the hall that day?" Xiao Yan suddenly asked after a little deep voice.

"It is said that there are only seven disciples of the Temple of Heaven. From the beginning of its establishment to the present, there have been only seven, and there has been no change." Mu Feng said thoughtfully.

"Is that so..."

"It seems that there seems to be some secret in this Heavenly Palace..." Xiao showed a strange smile on the corner of his mouth, this Heavenly Palace is definitely not easy!

"It's here." Just as the two were talking, a plaque appeared in front of them.

"Competition venue!" Three big characters with flying and phoenix dancing slowly appeared.

"Senior Brother Fifth, let me tell you, that Xiao Yan from the Earth Palace is back, he is very arrogant!" A beautiful woman said to a man who was drawing fists in the competition arena.

"Xiao Yan?"

"What's wrong with him?" The man was dressed in portable clothes, his handsome face matched the smile on his face, and he also had a somewhat tall image.

It's just that every punch he punches is extraordinarily powerful, causing a slight vibration in the space.

"He, he, he..."

"As soon as he came back, he broke into the sky above Burning Tianyu without authorization!"

"The sky above Burning Tianyu is expressly stipulated not to break in!"

"Second Senior Brother asked Ye Qing to take Xiao Yan back to our hall to ask one or two, how do you know that this Xiao Yan is arrogant, and even hit Ye Qing's nose and face." The woman said indignantly.

"Hey, after all these years, few people dare to provoke you like this."

"Doesn't he know who you are?" The man didn't stop what he was doing, he punched a series of fists and then put it away, wiped a sweat and said to the woman.

As the brother of this little witch, he naturally knows the character of this little witch, so the little witch just opened her mouth, and he faintly guessed the truth of the matter Fifth senior brother, you are the one who loves Xuan'er the most on weekdays. , you have to give me a bad breath! "The woman is the Lingxuan that Xiao Yan met before.

"Exporting bad anger?"

"Why didn't you tell the palace master, but come to me instead." The man smiled slowly, there was no reproach in his smile, but rather a taste of pampering.

Everyone in the temple knew that Lingxuan was the daughter of the master of the temple. I'm afraid only someone who was tired of living would provoke this little witch.

"Dad, he doesn't seem to be here these days." Ling Xuan's tone was filled with displeasure, and her eyes moved slightly.

"Is that the person who disappeared for five years, Xiao Yan?" Fifth Senior Brother Wang Chen smiled, and then a terrifying aura leaked out.

"Yes, it's him!"

"It's too arrogant, so I have to teach him a good lesson." Ling Xuan clenched her fist tightly and said.

"Let's go, I'll go with you to see how sacred Xiao Yan is in this man's palace." After Wang Chen finished speaking, he patted the dust on his shoulders before speaking.

"what……"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Five senior brothers, wait a minute, that seems to be Xiao Yan." Just when Wang Chen was about to leave the competition arena to find Xiao Yan, Lingxuan Breakthrough widened her eyes and raised her jade hand, pointing to a place.

"Damn, I really can't escape..." Xiao Yan cursed inwardly.

Ask for tickets!