Chapter 66: Take Yang?

"You already knew there was something wrong with the yin and yang heart?" Hearing this, Su Xueying's eyes suddenly flashed, and Qingyue's voice suddenly became cold.

At this time, he also did not want to fall out with Xiao Yan, although she was not afraid of the latter.

"It was written in the sarcophagus, but I only discovered it after you refined your Yin-Yang Heart. Didn't you find it?" Xiao Yan quickly cleared away that this woman is not as easy to talk as before, and they disagreed and said Maybe it was a slap in the face.

Su Xueying's cheeks fluctuated, and she was obviously extremely angry. Naturally, she wouldn't be okay to see if there were any messages inside the coffin wall, and if there were, she wouldn't be tossed into this look.

Su Xueying is also clear that in order to absorb the power of the yin and yang heart, there is another way besides the combination of yin and yang, which is to refine black and white beads at the same time!

"Young Master Xiao Yan."

As Su Xueying's cheeks changed, the pure yin energy around her became more and more intense. She stared at Xiao Yan, and her cold voice suddenly became much softer again.

"What's the matter?" If ordinary people were treated gently by this fairy-like beauty, they would probably soften their bones, but Xiao Yan felt that something was wrong and immediately said vigilantly.

"The little girl wants to borrow the black beads from your body. If the siege is resolved afterwards, she will definitely give the son a satisfactory reward." Su Xueying said softly.

"This is not very good. The tutor once instructed that you must not break the body of a boy before you cultivate to the Seven Star Dou Emperor!" Xiao Yan said with a dry smile.

This is naturally Xiao Yan's nonsense. He neither has a teacher to guide him, nor does he have any rules to say that he must not break his body before the Seven Star Dou Di.

"Young master, please rest assured, you don't need a man and a woman to have **** in order to get a man's yang energy. Even if the son has swallowed the black beads, the little girl has other means to take it out." Hearing Xiao Yan's words, Su Xueying clenched her hand slightly. A little, then smiled faintly, said.

"Xiao Yan, be careful, this woman may want to forcefully extract the black yin and yang heart from your body, the black yin and yang heart has been swallowed by you, and the power of the terrifying flame in your body has now refined it. To absorb the power of yin and yang, you must combine yin and yang, if you are extracted from the energy of this black bead, you will definitely damage the foundation, and the sequelae will be extremely serious." The voice of the Golden Dragon King suddenly sounded solemnly in Xiao Yan's heart.

"Hehe, if it is obtained in the normal yin and yang way, both parties can benefit a lot, but this woman is obviously very aloof, even the young heroes like Wu Huan are hard to see, naturally it is impossible to use that kind of The way is used for you, so you can't dream that people will give you a clean body"

"So now this woman is likely to open your stomach and take out the black beads."

"Damn, this woman is so cruel!"

Hearing the words of the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan's scalp also went numb, and he said without hesitation, "Miss Su should go find someone else, I'm really not suitable."

"you!"

Hearing this, Su Xueying's eyes became angry, Xiao Yan's words were too harsh

"Young Master Xiao Yan, I said that no matter how big your loss is, I will compensate you several times." However, although she was angry, Su Xueying was obviously very self-restrained. Even at this time, she still took a deep breath. , try to be as soft as possible.

"No interest, farewell!"

However, Xiao Yan did not listen to her words, clasped his fists, and then shot backwards. At the same time, a heavy ruler appeared under his feet, and when his palm clenched, the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire flashed out.

"Bang!"

When Xiao Yan stepped back, the flame force behind him also ran and slammed into the bronze gate. The powerful force actually did not slowly push the closed bronze gate open.

"Damn!"

Xiao Yan was also shocked. The hardness of this stone gate is far greater than that of ordinary stone gates, and even if he thinks about it, he is temporarily unable to get out.

Xiao Yan also looked at the Qinglian woman with different expressions vigilantly.

Seeing this scene, Su Xueying's eyes were also cold, and the state of her body could not allow her to delay any longer. She waved her hand, and the blue lotus under her feet burst out, and then it was like a blue cable in the sky, facing the Xiao Yan flew away.

"Since Young Master Lin Dong is unwilling to cooperate, the little girl will be offended."

Seeing that Su Xueying finally made her move, Xiao Yan's face also sank slightly, his body was surging with vindictive energy, and a milky white luster erupted from the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire. above.

"Ding Ding!"

Sparks erupted from mid-air, and every time Xiao Yan made contact with Qing Suo, Xiao Yan felt an extremely powerful anti-shock force coming violently. The downward force still caused Xiao Yan to go backwards rapidly, and sweetness poured into his throat.

Even if the strength of the Qinglian woman in front of him was suppressed by the emperor's attack, the strength between him and Su Xueying was too great.

"Whoa!"

In mid-air, blue shadows danced all over the sky, and before he knew it, it turned into blue light, enveloping Xiao Yan as much as possible, and his range of movement was getting smaller and smaller.

"Shh!"

With the limited range of movement, Xiao Yan's ancient ruler of different fires could not be fully deployed. If he was not careful, he was directly swarmed by Qingsuo, directly entangling Xiao Yan.

After subduing Xiao Yan, Su Xueying walked slowly over Qinglian. She looked at Xiao Yan's angry eyes, but did not speak. Yan felt that his body could not move under the restraint of the blue flame!

"Damn!!"

His eyes flickered wildly, Xiao Yan roared in his heart, at the same time, he was also preparing the huge fire lotus seeds to slowly merge in his hands.

The blue flame on the Qinglian woman's jade hand jumped. Seeing that Xiao Yan was restrained, the blue flame once again condensed and entered the latter's body directly under Xiao Yan's eyes.

"Offended the son."

The Qinglian woman slowly exudes an icy aura.

"How can it be!"

"The black yin and yang heart was actually refined by you?" The Qinglian woman also felt when the flame entered Xiao Yan's body. There were no beads in Xiao Yan's body, but there were just piles of black liquid containing terrifying energy!

When the cyan flame entered Xiao Yan's body, he suddenly encountered the obstruction of twenty-three kinds of different fires in Xiao Yan's body, and it seemed that something was about to erupt in the deeper part of Xiao Yan's body.

Xiao Yan's body has long been refined into a pile of black liquid, and it seems that he has seen a fatal attraction, and is about to burst out.

"Wait, this volatility is!"

However, to Xiao Yan's low growl, the Golden Dragon King suddenly replied. When the Golden Dragon King entered Xiao Yan's body from Su Xueying's cyan flame, he felt something familiar in Su Xueying's body!

"Wait, wait, I'll be an adult!" Hearing this answer, Xiao Yan almost vomited blood.

"What's that on your forehead!"

The Qinglian woman also woke up at this moment, and then her eyes were slightly wide, and she looked at Xiao Yan with a pair of watery eyes.

When Su Xueying's cyan flame entered Xiao Yan's forehead, she seemed to find something familiar in Xiao Yan.

​​