Chapter Vol 4 1141: Xiao Yan's wood attribute!

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Xiao Yan closed his eyes, the Immortal Fighting Power in front of him was quite strange.

The original fiery red power of Fighting Immortals is now a brilliant fiery red and green, with green taking up one-third of it.

"Wood attribute, separate me!" The next moment, Xiao Yan shouted, and the dazzling soul force launched a violent attack on the power of Dou Xian.

The original fiery red fighting immortal power fills one-third of the wood attribute, in order to better separate it, otherwise the fighting immortal wood attribute is too weak, and once it is separated, it will disappear. Not worth the loss.

"Weng Om!" The fiery red power of fighting immortals has been suppressed by Xiao Yan, so he didn't do anything about the fact that nearly a third of his body was of wood attribute.

However, following Xiao Yan's attack, the power of the fiery red Dou Xian directly communicated with the round and gorgeous Dou Qi within the Dou Qi Sea, as if he wanted to devour the wood attribute!

If it is swallowed up by the fire attribute, I am afraid that Xiao Yan will be wasting his efforts, so Xiao Yan will not be so stupid.

"Douhe has been cut off from you by me."

"Get out of here!" Just as Xiao Yan finished speaking, his dazzling soul power, like a scythe of the **** of death, directly cut out the wood attribute that was close to one-third of the fiery red fighting immortal power!

"Boom boom boom!" After losing one-third of his power, the power of the Fire Attribute Fighting Immortal burst out with a monstrous anger, rampaging everywhere in Xiao Yan's body.

"Douhe!" And Xiao Yan seemed to have expected this scene for a long time, the Douhe was running, and circles of bright power were continuously injected into the power of the fire attribute Douxian, supplementing the missing one-third. When he got up, the power of the fire attribute Fighting Immortal just stabilized.

"Tianmu, bring it to me!" And one-third of the wood-attribute power had just been split by Xiao Yan, and it quickly weakened and dissipated. Fortunately, Xiao Yan was quick-witted and directly absorbed the power of Tianmu to maintain the wood-attribute. scattered.

A few minutes passed, and Xiao Yan, who was waiting for him, let out a muffled groan, and immediately the wood attribute was completely stabilized!

"Successful." The next moment, Xiao Yan raised his hands slowly. On the left hand, the fiery red power of fighting immortals slowly emerged, and on the right hand, a green light emerged!

That green light is exactly the same as the power of Dou Xian!

"Pfft!" In the next instant, the thick green sky tree with fingers placed aside by Xiao Yan, as if being guided, burst into Xiao Yan's body frantically.

"Stop for me!"

"Bastard!" But Xiao Yan's original smile became solemn due to this sudden change.

"Hehe, don't worry." The Soul Eater also comforted.

"Boom boom boom!" And all the remaining power of Tianmu blasted away at Xiao Yan's body of Dou Qi, and when it entered Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Sea, it turned into a green energy talisman. , and the circular bucket core slowly stands together!

"Two Dou Cores?" After doing all this, Xiao Yan's body became quiet, but Xiao Yan found that in the sea of ​​Dou Qi in his body, there was a circular fire attribute Dou Nucleus, and there was even one that radiated all over his body. The bar-shaped energy charm of the green wood attribute, this familiar fluctuation, is also a fighting core?

"Two fighting cores?" The Soul Eater was slightly surprised when he heard the words. Even with his experience, he had never heard of such a situation.

"How do you feel?" The Soul Eater said solemnly.

"It feels... it seems to be good." Xiao Yan carefully sensed his body, but there was no concern. Even Xiao Yan found that every time he activated the two fighting cores in his body, the continuous flow of fire attributes and wood The power of the attribute Fighting Immortal is emerging!

"Two fighting cores." After a while, Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

"Looking at what you look like now, I'm afraid that just by virtue of the brilliance of the power of Fighting Immortals, you won't give in too much to the average one-star fighting Immortal mid-stage powerhouse." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"My current strength has been stabilized at the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal. With the addition of the two attributes of fire and wood, I am afraid that I will have the power to fight against some old monsters." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

"And with the power of Tianmu, the injuries in your body caused by the immortal robbery have also recovered." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Uh..." After being said by Soul Eater, Xiao Yan realized that it was indeed the case.

"But although you have successfully awakened the wood attribute, you don't have any wood attribute fighting skills, which also causes your shortcoming." The Lord of Soul Eater opened his mouth.

"Wood attribute fighting skills?" Xiao Yan asked with some doubts.

"Upgrading to the power of Dou Xian, the Dou Qi in the body has undergone earth-shaking changes, and the force of Dou Xian is divided into five main categories according to the attributes of gold, wood, water, fire and earth. Brightness and many others."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"And once the strength breaks through the fighting immortals, the requirements for fighting skills are even more stringent."

"The fighting skills that are cultivated after Dou Xian are divided according to the attributes of Dou Xian's power."

"Just as you are the power of the fire attribute fighting fairy, cultivating fire attribute fighting skills is more effective for you. Not only is the power huge, but it is also faster to cultivate than ordinary people."

"But if you have the power of the fire attribute to fight immortals and go to practice the fighting skills of the water attribute, if you waste time, your power will be greatly reduced."

"This is the basis for the division of fighting skills after Fighting Immortals." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"It turns out that there is such a secret." Xiao Yan nodded in understanding.

He knows that the fighting skills in his hands have no attributes at all Now that he has reached Dou Xian, it is inevitable that he is a little powerless, and he has just awakened the wood attribute, and he does not have any wood attribute resources in his hands. is quite disadvantageous.

"It seems that in the next time, you have to pay attention to collecting some fire attribute fighting skills and wood attribute fighting skills." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"The cultivation of the immortals, the fighting spirit, and even the laws of the domain, and even in the later stage, it also involves the power of belief..." The Master of Soul Eater pointed out a direction to Xiao Yan.

"You don't need to worry about Dou Soul, it's just this domain law..." Xiao Yan muttered, he knew that among the Dou Xian strong, there was a world of difference between Yong possessing a domain and not having a domain.

"However, these are quite far away for you. You should take your time one step at a time." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Since everything is done, let's go out."

"I believe that you have wasted your strength here for a few months. The two little guys from the Qing family have already left the customs, but they have not been willing to leave for a long time. They are obviously waiting for you."

"Looking like this, I want to draw you into their Qing family." The Soul Eater said.

"I'm new here, and the Qing family might be my first stop."

"And I heard from them that there will be a grand auction in Ghost King City recently. I just went to see if there is anything I need." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he closed his eyes and carefully adjusted his breath.

What he wants to do now is to hide his wood attribute, and he won't use it easily unless he has to.