Chapter 141: Intend!

Xiao Yan is also depressed. Although the inscriptions of life have been condensed, and the formation of formation has also been learned, but not to mention the hierarchical system of spiritual power, what about the cultivation method of spiritual power?

If you don't know how to cultivate your spiritual power, how can you improve your spiritual power...

"Forget it, let's take one step at a time." Xiao Yan also raised his head again. After all, the illusory figure had also disappeared, so he had no choice.

Ever since he came to Dou Di Continent, he had a feeling of being in the way, but it will not be like this from now on, because Xiao Yan is also familiar with Dou Di Continent these days, and he respects the strong just like Dou Qi Continent. So there is nothing to be afraid of.

"Is there a way to cultivate spiritual power?"

"Where should there be..." The Golden Dragon King also opened his mouth and said. From the moment when the illusory figure appeared just now, the Golden Dragon King, his master, seemed to be lost in thought and thinking about something.

"Master, are you all right?" These small things naturally couldn't escape Xiao Yan's eyes.

"It's okay, since everything has been dealt with, then the messenger from Xuan Santian is about to come to pick him up." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Master, where did you just say the way to cultivate spiritual power?" Xiao Yan also asked eagerly. Obviously, the attraction of this battle formation master is really not small. Just imagine, during the battle, he unexpectedly threw a siege to the enemy. The formation of , so as to cover Xiao Yan's fusion of the lotus of annihilation, this is...

"Burning Incense Pavilion!"

"The world is huge, and there are so many sects of cultivation, which are inexhaustible. Every sect has its essence and is worth learning. However, due to the thousands of sects, the views of the sects are getting deeper and deeper, and many sects are hostile to each other, making Many sects have fallen behind."

"Fenxiang Pavilion is a detached force on the Xuanling Continent, and its strength is unquestionable. It is the most peculiar place in the Xuanling Continent, because the students it recruits are divided into two types, one is those who cultivate Dou Qi, and the other is Ordinary students, specializing in educating people and literature. Other sects only accept practitioners, which is why the Fenxiang Pavilion ranks last in the Xuanling Continent, but it is the most popular place."

"And in Doudi Continent, weapons are also very important. There are four types of weapons on Doudi Continent, namely divine artifact, immortal artifact, spiritual artifact and mortal artifact. Ordinary artifact is the most common and the most common, and There are only a few artifacts in the entire world, and they are things that can’t be met. For immortal artifacts, they are all forged or tempered weapons by some fighting immortal-level powerhouses. They are very domineering and extremely rare. Not much room."

"And the so-called spiritual tools are made by the foundry after refining the weapons to the mortal tools, and then further training. There are many ways to refine the weapons, and there are two most common ones. The first one is used by most people in the world. The method is to use one's own cultivation base to forcibly inject the cultivation base vindictive energy into one's original mortal weapon. After a long period of tempering, its power will be greatly increased, and then it will cross the boundary of the mortal weapon and become a spiritual weapon. The power of the spiritual tools of method cultivation is very powerful, but unfortunately it takes too much time and cultivation. Without strong will and strong fighting spirit as the back, obviously it will not succeed, so this is also why many people are unwilling to work hard to refine spiritual tools. "

"The second is the magic weapon refining method. Generally, it is to forcefully add living souls or the souls of some magical beasts to one's own mortal tools, so as to increase the power of one's mortal tools and thus achieve the power of spiritual tools. It is a pity that it is extremely vicious, and is despised by the Great Thousand World. The people of the Demon Race love to use this method the most, because this method is the fastest and most labor-saving, and it is much faster than the Great Thousand World cultivating spiritual tools."

"Looking at this ancient ruler of different fire in your hand, I think it has reached the level of a spiritual tool."

"Since we are going to Xuantian San, there is one thing you must keep in mind, that is, all things in the world, in addition to humans, there are other spiritual beings who are cultivating their true self, hoping to transform into human beings. But in the eyes of human beings, they are aliens, and they are called only human beings. They are demons and ghosts. These supernatural beings, like humans, are divided into good and evil. Not all demons, ghosts, and ghosts are bad, just as not all people are good people. So don’t be slaughtered by the world’s demons. If you are deceived by the words, you must distinguish the good and evil of the other party by yourself, and then make a decision. The most evil in the world is not those alien spirits, but the human beings themselves, you must remember this sentence. "

Xiao Yan carefully savored the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, and said with a slight smile, "Don't worry, I won't be the same as those people." After speaking, he looked around slightly, and seemed to have a feeling of reluctance.

Xiao Yan already knew what his master, the Golden Dragon King, said, that there are many strange creatures in the Great Thousand Worlds who are also working hard to cultivate. , and eventually cultivated to become like a fire spirit.

"And the holy flame I mentioned is also related to this Incense Pavilion."

"So you must join the Burning Incense Pavilion." The Golden Dragon King spoke slowly like a loving old man.

"Yeah!" Wen Yan Shengyan Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then looked at his master, the Golden Dragon King, with fiery eyes.

Since coming to Dou Di Continent, apart from seeing the power of holy flame on the Qinglian woman in the ruins, Xiao Yan has never seen any holy flame, and there is no news at all.

Now that his master, the Golden Dragon King, has revealed a trace of holy flame, it is much simpler than Xiao Yan looking for a needle in a haystack.

Xiao Yan became more and more sure of the holy flame on the Qinglian woman. There must be some unknown secrets between the strange fire in his body and the holy flame. Of course, this secret can only be discovered by Xiao Yan himself.

But the power of holy flame is really powerful!

The power of the source of the holy flame is even more powerful and outrageous. Although Xiao Yan also tried to use the strange fire in his body to activate the power of the source, he did not have the same power as the holy flame, which also made Xiao Yan look forward to the holy flame. hotter.

"Okay, let's go back to Yue's house first. With them here, it can save a lot of trouble." The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also nodded, and then felt the avatar in the soul realm in his body, the divine inscription seal in the Niwan Palace, and was quite satisfied.

Obviously, the inheritance of this battle formation master is the biggest treasure in the ruins, and the blood of the emperor is insignificant compared to this.

Xiao Yan also laughed, then got up and walked towards the Yue family.

The huge soul power in the body and the spiritual power are also far away from each other, but Xiao Yan can feel the truth. There seems to be some connection between the two. He can only rely on himself to cultivate his mind and understanding. , left the cave in an instant, and flew towards the Yue family.

Ask for recommended tickets...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: