Chapter Vol 4 1519: The Lord of Soul Eater strikes!

"Boom!" In an instant, with the appearance of the red-clothed woman, in the depths of this demon town, countless evil blood mists emerged from nowhere, and continued to gather towards the red-clothed woman above the sky. When he left, in an instant, waves of destructive waves slowly emerged from his delicate body and swept the entire Demon Suppression Prison.

At this moment, the demonic energy in this Demon Suppression Prison is overwhelming, and countless demonic energy rises like waves, setting the Demon Suppressing Prison a real hell! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"The Demon Empress of the Poison Brake!" Mo Tianxing, headed by the Hidden Soul Society, saw this, his eyes slowly became serious, and his voice was unusually hoarse.

Many of the powerhouses in their Hidden Soul Society at this time have been seriously injured. In addition, the forbidden arm in their hands has been cracked by Xiao Yan, and they can't deal with the Poisonous Demon Empress no matter what.

"Forbidden Sea King's subordinate..." The red-clothed woman standing in the sky slowly turned her beautiful eyes away from the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society below, and her voice was extremely contemptuous.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"My queen, it was this guy who killed the Sky Poison Sha!" After a while, the local Poison Sha noticed Xiao Yan's upright figure, and his face became hideous.

He and Sky Poison Sha have some tacit understanding and sense, and naturally he can know that Sky Poison Sha was beheaded by this guy in front of him.

"The middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals..."

"Huoxin Tianyan is ranked thirty-fifth on the Sacred Flame Ranking." After a short while, the beautiful eyes of the Poisonous Demon Empress slowly stared at Xiao Yan, and a tone of surprise filled the air.

"Zizi." Being stared at by the Demon Queen of Poison Braces, even if Xiao Yan tried his best, it was of no avail. Chills continued to emerge from his heart, and even the Fire Heart Tianyan and Ghost Face Soul Flames erupted in his body. With an extremely terrifying vigilance, it was obvious that the Demon Empress of Poison Bracers had given them a very dignified pressure.

"Since it is the subordinate of the forbidden sea king, it is also an honor for you to die in the hands of this queen." The next moment, the demon queen of poisonous brakes took her eyes away from Xiao Yan, and then her turquoise pupils slowly burst out. A burst of green light beams, the green light beams seemed to be weak, but with a monstrous evil aura, they suddenly attacked the many strong men of the Gintama.

"not good!"

"Let's go!!!" At that time, Mo Tianxing snorted coldly, not caring about the other strong men, his figure quickly retreated, trying to escape the attack of the Poisonous Demon Empress.

But after all, the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is a six-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse, and the attack of a six-star Fighting Immortal powerhouse, even if it is the Poison Temple Demon Empress who has just broken the seal and is in a weak state, is not something they can deal with.

"Put poof!" Every time the green beam came into contact with a powerhouse of the Hidden Soul Society, it immediately devoured and devoured it, leaving no trace of soul power left.

In an instant, many of the powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society, except Mo Tianxing who escaped from the Demon Suppression Prison, other powerhouses...

All gone!

As the Demon Empress of Poison Temple absorbed the power of the many powerhouses of the Hidden Soul Society, her aura gradually increased, and vaguely, there was an extreme unease in the space of the Demon Suppression Prison.

"Little guy, hand over the holy flame in your body..." After a while, the rest of the minions were dealt with, and the voice of the Poisonous Demon Empress accompanied by a burst of jokes, slowly in this space of the Demon Suppression Prison It sounded, although the voice was weak, it was like a king in the Demon Suppression Prison, and it contained monstrous demonic energy!

"Squeak." Xiao Yan was unmoved, and stood there in a daze. The Great Heavenly Seed and the Holy Flame were displayed at the same time, but the poisonous power was too tyrannical on the green demonic energy on the Demon Empress. It made Xiao Yan feel powerless.

"Hey!" At this moment, the jade hand of the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple slowly grabbed the void where Xiao Yan was, and immediately the space around Xiao Yan was completely imprisoned, and Xiao Yan's body was also completely wrapped by a green demonic energy. , In this green demonic energy, there is a tyrannical power that can easily obliterate him.

"To pay or not to pay?"

"Handing over the holy flame may protect you in the future, or train you to become a confidant of our evil tribe outside the realm." It seems that she is quite reluctant to give up on Xiao Yan. said.

"Dream." Xiao Yan laughed loudly, and his body's burning art was running fast, and there was a faint sign of cracking this green demonic energy, and there was a trace of hidden power between his forehead and eyebrows, like a sleeping giant dragon. about to wake up.

"If that's the case, then die!"

"After you die, I will smash your corpse into ten thousand pieces, and then take out the holy flame, although it will be quite troublesome." As soon as the voice fell, the demonic energy in the entire town of demons suddenly tumbled. At that time, The Demon Empress of Poison Brake didn't hold back either, her jade hand controlled the green demonic energy that enveloped Xiao Yan and squeezed suddenly.

"Boom boom boom!" In the face of such a vicious attack by the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, let alone Xiao Yan at the level of three-star fighting immortals, even if it is four-star fighting immortals, I am afraid that there is only one way to go.

"Crash!" After a few breaths, on Xiao Yan's body, a near-colorless and transparent soul force completely wrapped it, and above Xiao Yan's head, an illusory man stepped out.

The man as a whole is quite illusory like a soul, but the lines between the eyebrows show his extraordinary aura, and a strong devouring power emerges all over his body.

"Boom boom boom!" With the appearance of this soul man, the countless demonic energies in this Demon Suppression Prison suddenly fled, as if they were afraid of being swallowed up by this soul man!

"Master of Soul Eater?"

"How is that possible?" After a while, Di Dusha, who was beside the Demon Empress Dusha, suddenly spoke up, and her voice was filled with extreme unease Who is the Lord of Soul Eater, that is the entire ghost world Among them, the strongest of the Soul Eater Domain, although they are not clear about their strength, but it is said that the Lord of Soul Eater is the supreme one who can compete with the "king" level powerhouses of their evil clan outside the territory. Such a ruthless man, Just appeared, and immediately gave Di Dusha a dignified feeling.

"Master of Soul Eater..." After a while, the Poison Demon Empress stared at the illusory man above Xiao Yan's body and spoke, her voice also filled with a sense of solemnity.

Although the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is an "Emperor" level powerhouse of a foreign evil clan, and her strength is comparable to that of a human 6-star Fighting Immortal, the strength of this Soul Eater is not a 6-star Fighting Immortal!

"You bully my disciple while I'm not paying attention, the Demon Empress of Poison Temple. Today, you don't have to think about escaping from here." The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater spoke softly, and there was an extremely terrifying devouring power in his voice. With the emergence of this devouring power, the monstrous demonic energy within a few hundred meters of Xiao Yan and the Soul Eater was directly swallowed by the Soul Eater and turned into his power!

"Master of Soul Eater, you are not in a good state now, why don't we each take a step back?" Looking at the extremely difficult enemy in front of her, the Demon Empress Dusha hesitated for a while and then said softly.

The Demon Queen of Poison Shack knew that even if the Soul Eater Lord was seriously injured now, she would have a poor chance of winning against him.

"I had this plan originally, but my disciple is eyeing your high points, so this time, I can only grieve the two of you..."

"Fall down again!" As soon as the voice fell, the eyes of the Lord of Soul Eater became sharp, and the forces of devouring continued to sweep out, setting off the entire Demon Suppression Prison quite strangely.

"Master's power...how strong is it..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but become hot when he saw this scene.