Chapter Vol 4 1357: intelligence!

"Damn it!" The evil figure hidden in the ghostly white puppet's body cursed when he noticed a holy flame on the khaki-yellow flame rock giant that made the world fear him.

At this time, they were already shrouded in Xiao Yan's holy flame space. If they wanted to escape, it was obviously impossible. Moreover, the power of this heavenly puppet composed of holy flames should not be underestimated.

The suppression of the evil power of the alien race by the holy flame space, and the restraint of the power of the holy flame on the evil race outside the territory, the two kinds of suppression make the evil figure who is as tyrannical as the half-step three-star fighting immortal level. Xiao Yan was tied.

"Ghost blood jumps!" The next moment, the evil figure will not easily admit defeat, after all, he is one of the Youhuan clan, the capable general of Youzun's men, and immediately roared viciously.

As soon as the voice fell, white bandages fell off instantly on the ghost white puppet, and after falling off, a blood-colored bandage with a size of a hundred meters was formed in the air!

The blood-colored bandage was like a poisonous snake, exuding unparalleled evil power and a **** smell, and the target of the attack was tightly locked on Xiao Yan.

"Yan!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, not too worried.

At this time, he is standing in his own holy flame space, and the holy flame space is almost half of the realm. With the power of his own holy flame, it is not difficult to obliterate this guy.

As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, in the countless voids in the Holy Flame space, pieces of khaki-yellow rocks the size of a palm came out of nowhere. These rocks seem simple, but they have hidden mysteries, and they are faint but exude a tyrannical khaki-yellow flame. , keep lingering!

"Go!" Ghost White Puppet controlled his blood-colored bandage, raised his palm, and slapped Xiao Yan. Immediately, the blood-colored bandage seemed to be guided, and shot at Xiao Yan with a mighty thunder!

"Weng Om!" Wherever he passed along the way, the Holy Flame Space trembled.

"Tianyan!"

"Defense!" Xiao Yan didn't worry too much, he spoke directly, the voice just fell, and suddenly countless khaki-colored rocks suddenly gathered towards him, and immediately formed a huge and countless hundred-zhang rock shield around him!

"Boom!" The dazzling blood-colored bandage directly hit Xiao Yan's khaki-colored rock, but it didn't have any effect.

"Fire Heart Puppet!"

"The power of holy flame!" After temporarily blocking the attack of the ghost white puppet, Xiao Yan was drinking, and the khaki rock giant beside him suddenly collapsed against the ground, and a deafening roar resounded through the holy flame space.

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, on the khaki rock giant, his hands were gently raised, making a projection to the ghost white puppet.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This human..." The evil figure couldn't help but wonder after seeing Xiao Yan stop his attack and the rock giant suddenly making a strange projection.

But the next moment, the doubts of the evil man were also indifferent, and it turned into a shock!

"The power of holy flame!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and suddenly a khaki-colored prismatic holy flame crystal appeared in the rock giant's hand, a smear of khaki-yellow liquid emerged without reservation, and then whistled away at the ghost white puppet !

"Not good!" Seeing this, the evil man couldn't help but let out a loud roar. The bandages kept emerging on the puppet's body for defense, but no matter how tyrannical the defense was, when the khaki liquid passed by, it was like a dam bursting, and in an instant Fall apart!

"Boom boom boom!" The khaki liquid carried the real source of holy flame, just eroded the ghost white puppet, and the ghost white puppet was instantly dissolved, turned into a colorless gas and disappeared, leaving only the A dark blue evil light group.

"Now, let's see how you can deal with it?" The power of the Holy Flame's suppression of the evil race outside the territory was beyond Xiao Yan's imagination. Originally, Xiao Yan thought that the power of the Holy Flame could only break the defense, but unexpectedly, it directly destroyed the ghost. White puppet.

"Little chops!"

"You must not die!" After realizing that the power of holy flame had defeated his ghost White Puppet, he surrounded himself in a circle, and an evil voice could not help but make a sound in the dark blue light.

"Don't worry, you can't run away... and I'm not ready to kill you!" Seeing the evil light group with no way out, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, obviously wanting to get a lot of information from this guy.

"Xiao Yan, this guy's predecessor was the Xieguang Gang. This force is extremely strange. Now that he is a foreign evil clan, I am afraid that this force has nothing to do with the foreign evil clan." Du Qifei asked slightly below. .

"Well?" The other three women shook their heads slightly when they heard the words. Obviously, they didn't know these things.

However, there is one thing that makes Du Qifei extremely strange. She found that these three women seem to have an intimate relationship with Xiao Yan that is beyond friends. The token of reincarnation will stop this fluctuation, and even emit a sense of hatred and disgust for Xiao Yan!

This is also the main reason why Duo Qifei is lukewarm towards Xiao Yan and keeps a distance, because this feeling is like an enemy or an enemy.

"This Evil Light Gang is probably a branch of the foreign evil clan."

"Forget it, wait until I ask about the specifics Xiao Yan said softly, and then smiled.

"Hahaha!"

"I wouldn't do anything to betray my race!" Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's thoughts, the evil light group couldn't help but let out a roar.

"It's up to you!" Xiao Yan didn't intend to ask directly, but closed his eyes slightly, the spiritual palace in the soul realm within his body flashed, and the incomparably huge soul force kept squirming, and then, under the stunned gaze of the evil light group, it burst into flames. into his body.

"How is it possible... the soul power of the fairyland level?"

"No!" Directly invaded by Xiao Yan's soul power, the evil light group emitted an extremely painful scream, but it didn't help.

"Illusory clan..."

"The patriarch Youhuan is a four-star Douxian perfection-level powerhouse, good at using pupil technique?"

"You Zun and Huan Zun are also in the ranks of the Four Star Fighting Immortals..."

"I entered the Thunder Tomb this time, it seems to be preparing to take revenge on the Forge Sword Thunder Valley?" After some exploration, Wei Wei obtained a lot of useful information, but when Xiao Yan probed deeper, he was met with The Lord of Soul Eater's restraint, because if he were to investigate the memory below, he would probably attract this ghostly powerhouse, so Xiao Yan had no choice but to give up.

But the next moment, when everyone was discussing the Youhuan family, a rare spatial fluctuation suddenly appeared in the void in front of them!

Above this spatial fluctuation, there is a tyrannical soul voice transmission. Looking at this familiar fluctuation, Xiao Yan seems to have seen it somewhere, but he can't remember it for a while.