Chapter Vol 4 2175: Big means, upgrade the plane!

The jubilation lasted for about a day. From morning to night, the entire Xiao Clan, and even the entire Dou Qi Continent, was extremely hot. With the news of Emperor Yan's return, countless forces rushed to the Xiao Clan's mansion, trying to take a look. The posture of the peerless powerhouse.

First, it was to congratulate Xiao Yan, and second, it was to understand the so-called new world. After all, the four Xiao Yan were strong men who came back from the new world.

Two days later, the Xiao Clan went back to the mountains.

Now there are only three daughters of Xun'er, Xiao Zhan, Xiao Chen, Yao Lao, and several other powerful patriarchs of the Thunder Clan of the Yan Clan. Naturally, they gathered here to discuss the next thing.

There is another person, Hun Tianhao.

I have to say that this guy has more information than Xiao Yan could have imagined. He has helped Xiao Yan several times, and now he has gained their trust.

"Little Yanzi, this time..."

After a long time, Yao Lao was the first to speak, seeing that Xiao Yan's face did not change much, but his keen soul power was able to capture a subtle change.

Obviously, in the decades that Xiao Yan left without breaking the air, this guy's life would definitely not be as peaceful as the Dou Qi Continent.

However, they are all fighting saints strong, and there are many magical medicines, so their appearance has not changed much for decades.

"Well...five days."

"It's almost time to leave."

There was always a trace of worry in Xiao Yan's eyes.

The object of concern is not only the safety of Dou Qi Continent, but also the three daughters who disappeared in a strange way.

Among the three daughters, except for Zi Yan, the other two have a close relationship with Xiao Yan, so even after experiencing the baptism in the world, Xiao Yan is still unable to let go of this.

However, Xiao Yan believed that between the two of them, it seemed that they would meet again after a long time, and at that time, these old and old accounts would be settled together.

"Brother Xiao Yan's strength is really terrifying now."

"And the power of the evil figure that appeared a few days ago is completely beyond our ability to deal with it."

"Now that the catastrophe is over, I don't know what the next step is for Brother Xiao Yan?"

The Patriarch of the Lei Clan and the Patriarch of the Yan Clan asked with anticipation, his voice was full of excitement.

"The Dou Qi Continent is indeed not very safe, and the continent is divided into upper, middle and lower planes in the big world, and the Dou Qi Continent is only the lowest one."

"The restrictions between the planes prevent us from staying for a long time."

"Senior Soul, I don't know if there is any way to raise the plane level of this continent or... upgrade it?"

Xiao Yan turned his head and asked Soul Tianhao, who was beside him. The Soul Clan information network was set up very far, so it was naturally the best plan to ask him about this kind of thing.

"Upgrading the continent's level... Doing this can completely increase the spatial stability here, the density of the energy of the heavens and the earth by geometric multiples, and it is enough to bind the Dou Qi Continent and the Dou Di Continent to help each other."

"However, this approach is too extreme, and few people have done it in the past."

Hun Tianhao's face sank as he thought about what he was trying to remember.

The ancient races that disappeared on the Dou Qi Continent did not say much about the ancient races on the Dou Di Continent. Although there were a few clans that did not have a good relationship with the Xiao clan, they had the help of the ancient Yao clan. Things have become extremely simple.

"By the way, I remember that an elder of my soul clan accidentally obtained an ancient book, and there were obscure records on it. To upgrade the level of the continental plane requires a core thing."

"The core of the plane."

Hun Tianhao patted his head suddenly, as if he remembered something, and said what he knew with a very excited expression.

"The core of the plane?"

Xiao Yan murmured, I am afraid this thing is more precious just by hearing the name, but with a general direction, it is like finding a needle in a haystack.

"The birth of the core of the plane is extremely special. Only in the sea of ​​10,000 years can there be a slim chance to be born."

"There is an area called Yuanhai Continent far away from Doudi Continent. It is said that there are such precious resources at the bottom of the sea for generations."

"However, it is extremely difficult to obtain such a treasure from the Yuanhai Continent. After all, where is the jurisdiction of the fairyland."

Hun Tianhao said this, his brows wrinkled, there are not a few of the seven worlds fighting each other openly and secretly.

"Okay."

"Left tomorrow."

"In addition, send someone to guard the space channel, and lead a group of relatives and friends here to the endless fire area of ​​Doudi Continent, where they will get the best resources."

"If you don't want to go, you can stay in Dou Qi Continent with peace of mind, and wait for me to take back the core of the plane and upgrade it."

"After the Dou Qi Continent's plane is upgraded, it will be able to face off against the Dou Di Continent, forming a space channel between each other, which is extremely convenient."

Xiao Yan laughed. It was quite a pleasure to solve such a major matter in his heart. After all, the Dou Qi Continent was a world where Xiao Yan was born and raised, and he already had strong feelings.

"Now that you've decided, let's start."

"But next, I'm afraid it will take the hard work of the three ladies and the patriarchs."

Xiao Yan knew that this kind of thing could not be delayed, and now that he was short of time, he hurriedly said.

"Yep."

Everyone nodded, especially the patriarchs of several clans, their eyes were full of madness. They had already wanted to set foot in that world, but there was no chance for the destruction of the space channel. Now that Xiao Yan returned, the worries in their hearts dissipated in an instant.

"By the way, why haven't you found a way back to Dou Qi Continent for a long time after your ancient race settled in Dou Di Continent?"

Xiao Yan murmured as if he remembered something.

"At that time, the war between heaven and earth had just ended, and all the souls were devastated, and each of them was busy repairing their health. Later, their respective races also sent powerful personnel to find a space channel back to the Dou Qi Continent. For decades, there was no news. In addition, the Dou Di Continent continued to have disputes. The people in power are constantly changing, and there are great differences of opinion among the ancient races, so this matter has been put on hold."

"But the last information I got seems to say that the space channel into the Dou Qi Continent has collapsed, and because there are extremely terrifying creatures occupying the space, it cannot be constructed Soul Tianhao explained with a smile.

"I see."

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he was suddenly dumbfounded. In this case, it matched the situation of the Golden Dragon King and the powerhouses of the extraterritorial evil clan they encountered when the five emperors broke through the sky.

At this point, things in the Dou Qi Continent are considered calm.

Because of the plane restrictions, Xun'er and the three daughters continue to send strong men in the endless fire domain to maintain the peace of the two continents. As for Yao Lao and others, they stayed in the Dou Qi continent, except for a few other races. Except for the patriarch, many people did not leave, and the Douqi Continent was already their homeland, and it was difficult to give up.

Of course, because of their strength, Xiao Xiao and Xiao Lin could not stay in the Dou Qi Continent and had to come to the Endless Fire Territory.

With the arrival of the two, after getting along with each other, especially Mu Yingying's many actions that made people feel like a spring breeze, the contact deepened, and with Xun'er Cailin's enlightenment, a few people were relieved, and then the family seemed to be It's fun.

Seeing Xun'er and Cailin looking so happy, especially Xiao Xiao and Xiao Lin, two lovable guys, Mu Yingying became jealous and tried to find Xiao Yan to work together several times, but unfortunately it was to no avail.

As for Xiao Yan, after setting up the Endless Fire Territory and the Dou Qi Continent, he rushed to the Yuanhai Continent non-stop, and the upgrade of the Dou Qi Continent plane cannot be delayed.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: