Chapter 44: Double chain trapped dragon column!

"superior!"

"Since you don't appreciate it at all, don't blame us for being ruthless." The white-haired old man Bingtian said to another person.

Bingwu also heard Bingtian's words, and immediately flew towards the place where Bingtian was, and the seal was constantly changing in his hand, as if something was brewing.

Bing Tian raised the dragon-headed cane high, muttering some strange terms in his mouth.

A strange scene appeared. Bingtian's high-raised dragon-headed crutches actually emitted a whitish white mist!

The bloodthirsty dragon lizard saw these humans in front of him, especially the two old men leading the team!

The peak of the two three-star fighting emperors!

Although the strength of the magic dragon is comparable to that of a four-star Dou Di human being, these despicable humans sneak up on themselves while they are sleeping, resulting in scars on their bodies, and their strength has dropped a lot.

At this moment, the bloodthirsty dragon lizard showed its wisdom that is not inferior to human beings. Looking at the techniques of Bingtian and Bingwu, it can clearly feel that this is the last resort!

Immediately, his entrenched body trembled, and his eyes stared at the two who were forming a formation in front of him!

The huge dragon pupils stared at Bingtian and Bingwu, and the two of them only felt their whole body tremble, and they didn't care about the 3721, because they both knew that if they didn't get rid of this bloodthirsty dragon lizard today, Then they will be wiped out! And when I think of not being able to complete the tasks assigned by the sect, if I go back, that kind of torture will be unbearable for ordinary people!

"Can't lose! Fight!" A belief appeared in the hearts of both of them.

Saying that, the two of them quickened their movements! The originally dark sky turned into a cloud of mist.

Looking at the discolored sky, the bloodthirsty dragon lizard secretly said that it was not good, but how could the unyielding spirit of the dragon race allow such a arrogant creature to escape!

Taking a deep breath, the dragon lizard roared out at the cave!

This roar seems simple, but the dragon lizard contains an extremely powerful sonic attack! Circle after circle attacked away from the cave! When directly attacking Solomon's disciples, the Demon Dragon Lizard also knows that what he can do now is to greatly reduce their number, so that his subordinates have the opportunity to fight the war of attrition!

"Boom boom boom!"

The people of Solomon, who were resisting the other beasts, didn't notice the dragon's actions, but were surprised to feel the powerful sound waves.

Some weak people couldn't help being festered by the sudden attack of the dragon, and some held their heads tightly. Obviously, their strength was low and they had no means to prevent this kind of sonic attack, so Solomon's people were terrible!

More than a third of the dead!

How could Bingtian and Bingwu not be angry with him!

"Beast!"

"I originally wanted to borrow some of your dragon's blood to complete a great experiment for us, but now you have angered us, so you must die today!"

"Hahaha! The despicable and shameless human beings still want to borrow my blood. Is the blood of our noble dragon demon beasts yours? Besides, you plotted against me first, and their deaths are just to atone for your sins. Don't worry, you are very happy. I'll go with them soon!" The bloodthirsty dragon lizard was also the overlord of the party, and immediately shouted at Bingtian.

"All Solomon disciples obey the order and form a formation!" Bingtian's eyes were also red!

Hearing the cold shout resounding through the cave, most of the remaining Solomon disciples froze for a moment. After a little hesitation, they responded in unison and slowly closed their eyes. After a while, strands of white energy emerged from the top of the Solomon disciples' heads. penetrated from above.

A steady stream of white fog energy rose into the sky, and finally almost covered the entire sky. At first glance, it looked like it was in a sea of ​​clouds, and the ice sky and ice fog were in the center of the sea of ​​clouds to control the formation.

"Everyone, help me!" Bing Tian shouted again coldly looking at the surrounding cloud energy, the blood stains on his face due to the sonic attack of the demon dragon had formed blood scars at this moment, which looked particularly terrifying.

As Bingtian's shouts fell, the dozen or so white-robed disciples on the stone platform immediately stood up, and with a jump, they quickly separated, and then shot to some big trees around the square, with their hands printed on them. The knots moved at the same time, and with the movements of their handprints, the sea of ​​clouds that filled the sky also suddenly fluctuated. At the center of the sea of ​​clouds, the energy of the cloud qi rapidly condensed and covered the entire cave in an instant!

"Oops!" The bloodthirsty dragon who didn't agree at the beginning couldn't help roaring when he saw the completion of the great formation, because, because of its strength, he also felt a sense of destruction from the great formation. the power of!

"Oh, it's actually a double-chained dragon pillar!" The Golden Dragon King also said to Xiao Yan.

"What is the Double Chained Dragon Pillar?" Xiao Yan looked at the center of the battle, and the Bingtian and Bingwu who controlled the formation seemed to be part of the big formation at this time. On the other hand, the situation of the magic dragon was extremely bad.

"The so-called double-chained dragon pillar is a kind of sealing formation, but this sealing formation will have unexpected effects when dealing with dragon monsters. In other words, it is the nemesis of dragon monsters!" The Golden Dragon King also explained to Xiao Yan. road.

Xiao Yan frowned upon hearing this.

"Don't worry, I haven't paid attention to this level of sealing formation. It's okay to deal with bloodthirsty demon dragons with impure bloodlines. If you want to seal me, I can kill them with one finger are also dragon monsters, the former is a monster with a trace of dragon blood, while the latter is a genuine golden dragon king!

"But I always think the so-called Solomon people are weird." The Golden Dragon King said in a voice that only he could hear.

Xiao Yan did not doubt the authenticity of the words of the Golden Dragon King.

Then he turned his attention to the battle.

Xiao Yan also deliberately strengthened the soul power covering himself and Yueru, because he was afraid of being discovered by others! Although the soul power of the people here is much weaker than that of Xiao Yan, there is no harm in being careful.

"Strange, Xiao Yan is clearly here, why can't I feel his breath?" said a girl in a colorful skirt.

"Miss, there seems to be traces of fighting in the cave ahead. Shall we go and have a look?" Followed the girl's entourage to explore the way back.

I don't know what's wrong, why the eldest young lady of my own family doesn't want to take good luck and wants to come to Xiao Yan, but the mission of these followers is to protect the young lady, and they don't dare to ask any more questions.

"go!"

"Xiao Yan, you can't escape from my palm." The girl slowly and playfully rushed towards the cave.

Looking carefully, this playful girl is actually Feng Yi!

"Boom boom boom!" The great formation controlled by Bing Tian and Bing Wu was also completed at this moment!

I saw clouds and mist covering the entire sky, and two sky-piercing beams of light appeared in the center of the rolling cloud and mist ground formation, piercing the sky!

The bloodthirsty dragon lizard felt an extreme fear from the two beams of light!

Followed by the hysterical roar of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard!

"The seal formation?"

"Isn't the double-chained dragon pillar lost?"Foolloow 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lbin(.)com

"How could it be in your hands!"