Chapter 503: Closing!

"Hahaha!"

"Zhujin, I admit that your holy rank fighting skills are very powerful, but at this time your holy rank fighting skills are far from being formed, and your strength is not enough, how can you fight me?" Thousand-faced ghost heard the words, gloomy laughter from black Emerging in the fog!

"Then give it a try!" Zhu Jin snorted coldly, and then the silver-white thundercloud moved rapidly. It looked like it wanted to resist the five chains!

"Wonderful!" Thousand-faced Ghost said disdainfully, because Thousand-faced Ghost knew that his own soul-piercing stab could not be resisted by just a few thunderclouds.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying silver-white thundercloud came to the chain in an instant, and all the terrifying black thunderbolts had been absorbed by the bamboo embers. At this time, the thunderbolts above the silver-white thunderclouds were quite weak.

"Choke!" The chain and the thundercloud touched instantly, and then the chain made a very harsh sound. The next moment, at the center of the silver-white thundercloud, a dark chain suddenly pierced out!

Then the silver-white thundercloud was instantly pierced, and then the five dark chains rushed towards Zhu Jin.

"Bang bang bang!" The silver-white thundercloud was broken by a chain with a strange ghost, and then disappeared into the sky into pieces.

"It should be enough!" Zhu Jin smiled slowly, but on the palm of his hand, a terrifying aura like the power of the ancient times suddenly filled the entire sky!

Seeing this, the scarlet eyes in the black mist suddenly froze.

Zhu Jin slowly closed his eyes.

But the next moment, Zhu Jin suddenly opened his eyes and shouted, "Heavenly Palm!"

With a loud shout, it was like a thunderous thunder, attracting all the people above the sky and the desert.

"Thunderbolt, thunderbolt!" As soon as the voice fell, the palm of Zhu Jin's right hand, one black and one white, two completely different powers jumped close to the distance!

"Boom boom boom!" At the next moment, Zhu Jin suddenly stood up, and slapped his palms forward heavily, a strong aura that wiped out everything between heaven and earth emerged.

The strange thing is that this time, the energy on Zhujin's palm did not converge into an energy handprint and attacked the five chains. Instead, it was just a miniature black and **** that slowly wrapped Zhujin's palm, and then Zhujin's The figure suddenly hit the five chains!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as the two collided, they collided with fierce sparks.

"what happened?"

"Space freezes?" A shock suddenly came from the black fog.

Because Zhu Jin's palm collided with the five chains at this time, Hei Wu wanted to take advantage of this time to escape, but found that the space here has solidified!

No matter how turbulent you are, you can't move at all!

"Susu!"

"The power and secrets of holy-level fighting skills are rarely mentioned to me even by a few ghosts. Let's go... Otherwise, if you fall down today..." In the black mist, those scarlet eyes were slightly solemn. road.

"Break it for me!" He shouted loudly, and then the five dark chains that were stalemate with ZhuJin, the palm wrapped by Thunder instantly pressed over the dark chains, and then the chains were suddenly shattered under the power of the extremely overbearing thunder. , and finally turned into traces of black gas and poured into the black mist.

"Cough, cough..." Several violent coughs came from the black mist.

"Ghost fog!" A roar suddenly emerged from the black fog.

"Shabu!" A **** smell emerged from the scarlet eyes in the black mist, and then in this space, a dark and gloomy ghostly dream spread, letting this space, terrifying howls make this space The space trembled.

"Thousand-faced ghosts, where are you running!" Zhu Jin had just cracked the five-soul piercing, and the next moment, the offensive in his hands increased rather than decreased, and the speed exploded, coming towards the black mist!

Zhu Jin vaguely realized that this thousand-faced ghost seemed to have some purpose, and there were signs of escape at this time!

"Susu... Zhu Jin, I have to say that you are very strong, but my goal has been achieved."

"See you next time." Just after the weird laughter ended, the weird black mist spread suddenly, covering the entire sky in an instant, and even the desert!

"Let's go!" A cold snort came from the desert, and then Nu Dong, whose aura had been sluggish, was actually lifted up by a sinister palm surrounded by ghosts!

"damn it!"

"Stop him!" Seeing this, Shefu immediately shouted angrily.

"Susu... Next time we see you, I hope you can still have such good luck." After the thousand-faced ghost said, he turned into a black light with his anger and disappeared in front of everyone.

"Don't chase after poor thieves."

"Cough, cough..." The bamboo embers above the sky instantly wilted, and then the terrifying attack on the palm also dimmed in an instant.

"Zhujin, are you alright?" Shefu frowned, obviously not knowing what happened to Zhujin.

"Hehe, I'm fine, but I didn't think that the price of rashly launching a holy-rank fighting skill would be expensive." Zhu Jin coughed violently.

"It's fine." Shefu said directly, and the next moment he glanced at the eight leaders next to him.

"Everyone has worked hard this time, everyone will go back to their tribe now and strengthen their defenses!" Shefu said.

"Lord Shefu, three people from the Xuanling royal family have already entered the temple. Are we joining forces to find out..." The male leader who had colluded with Nu Dong said.

"The matter of the temple is not something you should worry about. You should worry about your business!" A cold snort directly disrupted the man's plan.

"Let's go, there should be no problem with Lord Shefu here, we should go back as soon as possible to prevent the Xuanling royal family from counterattacking." The Snake King also said.

"If that's the case, then let's go." When the leader heard the words, he also nodded, and then mobilized the vindictive energy in his body and spread it out.

After a few breaths, there were only Shefu, Zhu Jin and some of Nu Dong's subordinates Let me tell you, how could Nu Dong collude with the ghost realm and the Xuanling royal family? " Shefu said lightly, but there was an unquestionable majesty in his voice.

"I don't know!" A firm voice appeared.

"Crack!" With a sound, the man's head and body were instantly separated.

That shot was Snake.

"It's your turn." Shefu said coldly.

"Sir, spare your life, we really don't know." Several people under Nu Dong wailed at the same time.

"Crack..." The voice sounded, and these people died instantly.

The body and head were divided, and the soul was instantly killed, and these people would only become a bone as the desert eroded.

"It's really cruel." Zhu Jin couldn't help but said.

"This is an internal matter of our Medusa. By the way, why did you come here suddenly?" Shefu glanced at Zhu Jin next to him and said.

"Just passing by." Zhu Jin said casually.

"I don't believe it... Is it what Fen Tian meant?" Shefu said.

"You..." Zhu Jin's smile just disappeared instantly, his face full of surprise.

"My Medusa clan is not your turn to help!"

"We will naturally resolve the matter of the temple."

"You better manage your flames." Shefu said coldly.

"We are already planning, Yanchi must be saved!" Zhu Jin said slowly.

"Where is he?" Shefu asked in surprise.

"It should be in the deepest part of the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family..."

"Are you sure..."

"Not yet!"

"If you need my help, just say..."

"En..." Shefu and Zhujin were talking slowly, but the Medusa Temple was sinking into the desert! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: