Chapter 391: Xun'er's situation!

In the rather imposing conference room, following Qin Tian's departure, the others also left one after another.

King Xuanling also walked to Ye Mo's side and said to the two of them, "The end of the auction will begin. The "Snake Hunt" plan, I hope the two of you can let go of your past grievances and work together..."

After King Xuanling finished speaking, he also left here.

"Top-secret plan..." Ye Mo also shook his head, very surprised why Lord Qin Tian, ​​who had always had a bad impression of King Xuanling, agreed with King Xuanling at this time...

Shaking his head, he didn't think too much and left slowly.

Xiao Yan and the others were also resting and recuperating in the inn in Xuanling City, waiting for the auction in ten days.

The Dou Di Continent is a high-ranking continent. Due to its vast territory and many people, it is also divided into four continents.

The northern part of Doudi Continent is the Tianxing Continent!

The southern part of Doudi Continent is Haohai Continent!

The western part of Doudi Continent is the Xuanling Continent!

To the east of Doudi Continent is Douyun Continent!

Douyun Continent is a continent rich in land and emperor energy!

There are many talents here, and among them, the eight ancient clans also stand on this continent.

Legend has it that the eight ancient clans were all promoted from a lower plane called Dou Qi Continent to the upper plane of Dou Di Continent. At the beginning, there were only a few people in each race. With the talents of a few people, they gradually became here. Only when Douyun Continent gained a firm foothold, there are the Eight Ancient Clans today, and it is unknown whether it is true or false.

The eight ancient clans were Xiao, Gu, Soul, Yan, Yao, Shi, Ling, and Lei.

It's just that they are the eight ancient races. In fact, there are only seven races in the core area of ​​Douyun Continent!

The Xiao Clan also didn't stand on this Douyun Continent, and I don't know why.

Douyun Continent, within the ancient clan.

The ancients occupied an extremely huge mountain, and the mountain was subdivided into seven peaks, each with different branches!

Seven mountain peaks, which means that this ancient clan is now divided into seven factions, so many factions, I am afraid it is quite rare.

There are seven mountain peaks, each of which is called the immortal creation peak by the outside world. Ordinary people only know that living on this mountain peak will be enough to set foot in the battle of immortals in the future, but they don’t know that seven of the ancient tribes are made of immortals. Xianfeng, each of which is dominated by Dou Xian powerhouses, which also created the prestige of the ancients. After all, on this Douyun Continent, Dou Xian powerhouses are not a big one.

A Fighting Immortal powerhouse can be regarded as a heavyweight, not to mention that this ancient clan has seven or more on the bright side!

At this time, on one of the seven mountain peaks, a figure also dressed in simple clothes, slowly walked out of the courtyard.

Even in plain clothes, it can't hide the woman's slender figure!

The slender eyelashes were slightly closed, and the three thousand silks behind her were falling in the wind, making her look quite elegant.

But at this moment, a golden flame was beating slightly in the beautiful eyes of the woman.

This person is not the Xun'er that Xiao Yan has been thinking about day and night, who else would it be?

It's strange to say that since Xun'er and Gu Yuan came to this ancient clan, the seven peaks were only managed by one person, but as time passed, the person who managed the ancient clan mysteriously disappeared, and among the seven peaks. The seven fighting immortals had to come out to preside over the overall situation!

It is strange to say that the patriarchs and some elders in the ancient clan seem to have disappeared. Only a very few people know that they are looking for some mysterious things.

So at this time, the management of the ancient clan was still the seven fighting immortals above the Seven Peaks.

At this time, there was an old man outside the courtyard. The old man was dressed in white, but the hair was black and white. At this time, the old man squinted, and there was not even a trace of fighting spirit fluctuations all over his body. .

The old man lay flat on the green grass outside the courtyard, his pupils closed slightly, and he let the wind blow on him.

Xun'er also walked gently to the old man's side, and then Bei's lips moved slightly: "Teacher."

"Did you succeed?" The old man didn't change at all, and then murmured.

"Well, it worked." Xun'er's sweet voice echoed on the grass.

"You really are talented. In just a few months of retreat, you have completely controlled the entire power of the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan."

"You should also break through the Five-Star Dou Emperor now..." The next moment, the old man also opened his eyes and said slowly.

"Reporting to the teacher, Xun'er has indeed broken through the five-star fighting emperor, and now it is the middle stage of the five-star fighting emperor." Xun'er also said respectfully, but the pupils with golden flames seemed to have some different thoughts.

The Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan, on the Dou Qi Continent, is the heritage of their ancient clan, but Xun’er also discovered that after coming to the ancient clan’s base camp in the Dou Yun Continent, he was surprised to find that the Golden Emperor Fen Tian in his body The power of flame, even if it was implanted into one's body for inheritance since childhood, was not completely absorbed, as if something important was missing, but fortunately, my teacher also perfectly absorbed the power of this strange fire. At the end, with some magical medicines, the strength is also skyrocketing!

"Your strange fire itself contains a huge amount of power, but it restricts its potential in your Dou Qi continent, so it's too little help for you." The old man also said.

When Xun'er heard the words, she also nodded.

"Okay, since you have broken through to the Five-Star Dou Emperor, you also have the opportunity to compete with the other six factions."

"After all, you, the Golden Emperor, Fen Tianyan, is related to the existence of the most precious treasure in our ancient clan."

"The other six factions are trying their best to take this flame from you The old man also spoke slowly.

"But, teacher, I..." Xun'er also slowed down when she heard the words.

"What's wrong?" The old man also saw at a glance that Xun'er seemed to have something unspeakable in his heart, so he asked.

"Teacher, do you still remember that you said that as long as I break through the five-star Dou Di, you will give me a small vacation." The next moment, Xun'er looked at the old man with anticipation.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Oh, you little girl..." The old man also laughed helplessly.

"It's okay to let it go, but Xun'er, you must know that the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan in your body is related to a holy flame inherited from our ancient clan, so if you are in the clan, with me, the other six Even a faction dare not do it..."

"But once you leave here, then outside is..."

"And your current strength is too weak, I'm not at ease." After the old man finished speaking, he didn't say anything further, but the implication became more and more obvious.

"Xun'er knows the teacher's good intentions, but Xun'er's husband is still outside, how can Xun'er cultivate with peace of mind?" Xun'er also said slowly, but there was a rather stubborn taste in the beautiful eyes of the golden flame. It was noticed by the old man in front of him.

"That kid..."

"It's from the Xiao clan..." The next moment, the old man also stared into the distance and said slowly.

Ask for tickets!