Chapter Vol 4 2123: Light Forbidden, Wanxia Tianyi vs Fosha...

"Bang bang bang!"

The battle above the sky is still going on, the flames of war are flying, like an unparalleled battlefield, countless angry roars, accompanied by bursts of abnormal **** smell, swept out.

"thump!"

"Pfft!!"

"Pfft!!!"

The demon Xiao Yan was protected by the halo of the clan pattern and was not affected by any power for the time being, but Xiao Yan's bones were buzzing, and two completely different powers were carried on his hands, and he moved closer to his chest.

Only Xiao Yan himself knew that the fusion this time was no more serious than the previous battle with Mekal.

"Are you going to die..."

"But there are still so many things to do."

"I have worked hard for so long, and I can succeed if I go further, how can I fall down at this time!"

"Immortal!"

"As long as the will in my heart is immortal, I will live forever!"

"Bring me back to life!"

The ferocious roar, loud and powerful, gradually burst out from Xiao Yan's body, who had passed out in a coma. Xiao Yan suddenly recovered, and in his hands, two completely different forces were only a fist away. Fusion!

"The Holy See... let you see what power is."

Xiao Yan finished speaking, ignoring the countless large and small scars on his body, his body rose slightly, and in the halo reflected from the clan lines between his eyebrows, his hands suddenly squeezed closer, the power of the devil and the soul of holy flame. Start contact, start fusion!

"Crack!"

"Pfft!"

When the hands crossed, the dark green demon power and the amber flame suddenly swelled, and countless energy ripples were like a volcano that could erupt at any time, venting countless evil and sacredness.

The power of the devil carried countless powers and poured out like raindrops, and immediately brought deep self-blame and remorse to countless people.

Selfishness, greed, greed for life and fear of death...

All kinds of emotions are transmitted from the power of the devil, mobilizing the emotions that have been suppressed for a long time in the hearts of countless powerhouses, and the entire medicine world is exceptionally cool.

happy, joyful, joyful, sharing...

On the other hand, the amber flame instantly covered the emotions conveyed by the power of the devil, showing several emotions together!

At this moment, on Xiao Yan's hands, the power of the devil and the power of holy flames began to fuse, but the skin on Xiao Yan's hands was evaporated in an instant. A creepy fear!

In the bald head filled with countless power and death breath, Xiao Yan did not hide the madness in his heart at all. A looming energy group also appeared in front of his chest.

"This... what kind of power is this?"

Seeing Xiao Yan's scene, countless powerhouses were suddenly dumbfounded. Even though they were the leaders of the great forces in the Douyun Continent, the power that Xiao Yan displayed today was something they had never heard of!

Or even mobilize the long-suppressed emotions in their hearts?

There is always a very unreal illusion in their hearts, the power of Xiao Yan's attack now is comparable to the forbidden technique that Lacey is using!

That's a forbidden technique!

This guy can actually create his own forbidden technique?

And successfully performed it?

"Go back, I'm doing too many useless actions now, it's useless."

After trying for a while, everyone's attacks could not shake the cohesion of Lacey's forbidden technique, and everyone also fell to the ground of the medicine world.

They know that the situation is beyond what they can handle now, and they can only pin their hopes on this man completely.

Let the medicine world be fragmented, but the dimensional prism does not show any signs of being broken, which makes Yao Wan very eager.

"Trust him, at this time, it can only be like this."

Xun'er didn't say much, just said a word to comfort the restless people in the back, and the Reincarnation Seal suddenly dimmed, her face paled instantly, slightly standing on the ground, watching Xiao Yan's monstrous move, her heart was calm, Because she has unreserved trust in Xiao Yan.

"You said...will he succeed?"

Ling Zixi and Yao Yixuan supported Xun'er and asked softly.

"He will...don't worry."

Xun'er managed to squeeze out a friendly smile, but the reincarnation mark had consumed too much of her strength, and now her body is even more burdened. If it wasn't for the Phoenix Nirvana Pill that Xiao Yan secretly snatched when the old monster Shen Xi fell, I'm afraid that Xun'er now should be more serious.

"What kind of sorcery are you doing?"

"Why can I smell the divine breath of holy flames, and the dirty and stench of demon breath emanating from your whole body?"

"Can these two forces really merge?"

Lacey looked at an illusory energy light group produced by the two energies slowly merging in front of Xiao Yan. Seeing that because of the fusion, Xiao Yan's body and even his vitality were rapidly passing away, and he couldn't help laughing.

"It's fitting to use it to send you to hell!"

Xiao Yan sneered, endured the horrific torture, his entire body was compressed violently, and his palm, which had already turned into a skeleton, was grasping, directly condensing and merging the power of the devil and the fire of holy flame, even because the speed of fusion was too fast. , causing the scales under Xiao Yan to automatically protect the master.

"If that's the case, let's end this farce here completely."

"Light, I am your devout believer, please send down the divine light to forgive the ignorance of these mortals."

Lacey had a gentle smile on the corner of his mouth, and suddenly a huge pentagram formed from behind his body, chanting the most sacred Sanskrit incantation in his mouth.

"Whoa!"

With a bang, the entire medicine world imprisoned by the dimensional prism suddenly cracked a gap, and suddenly the sun standing in the abyss of the universe, a golden flame, like a meteor, fell towards Lacey at the speed of light!

"Light Forbidden Technique, Wanxia Tianyi!!!"

As Du chanted softly, behind Lacey, the four purple angel wings instantly merged and suddenly walked away in front of him.

In the blink of an eye, a giant wing of the sky spread across the entire medicine world!

The giant wings of the sky were transformed by Lacey's four angelic purple wings, and then Lacey joined the power of light. At this moment, it appeared endlessly brilliant, like a divine wing used to judge the evil in the world!

Divine glory gallops!

"Buddha... Buddha Sha reincarnation!"

Looking at this giant wing of the sky, the demon Xiao Yan exerted all his strength and immediately let out a loud cry.

In front of Xiao Yan, a dark green square only the size of a palm appeared, slowly rotating like a Rubik's cube, but inside it contained a power of destruction.

It seems that after the fusion of its holy flame power and demon power, all power becomes insignificant!

"Let's show you what a real devil is!"

"Buddha's reincarnation, slaying the gods!!!"

Xiao Yan's body twitched violently, and he immediately used up the last bit of strength in his body to push the Buddha Sha Samsara out again!

"Wanxia Tianyi Purify all evil in the world!"

"Destroy it under the power of light!"

Facing the last blow from the demon Xiao Yan, Lacey waved his hand suddenly, and the giant wings of the sky, countless purple feathers wriggled, gently fell down.

At this moment, the void shattered, countless energies were visible everywhere, and the space storm slowly came out.

"bring it on!"

When the demon Xiao Yan saw this, the blood of the demon in his bones was extremely crazy, it boiled uncontrollably, and the fusion body was thrown out by Xiao Yan.

Like a rising evil magic cube, it blasted away at the angel's wings in the sky!

The power of the second forbidden technique finally arrived at this very moment!

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: