Chapter Vol 4 1510: The Qiankun Ancient Array was broken!

"This is the Qiankun Ancient Formation?" As soon as they entered the milky white light, waves of soft luster appeared on Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui, and the fighting qi in both of them couldn't help but burst into joy.

At this time, they have already entered the sealing formation located in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, and this formation is the ancient Qiankun formation with a splendid reputation. It is said that in ancient times, once this formation was displayed, In an instant, it can control thousands of meters of space and obliterate the emperor-level aliens.

"Is this the Qiankun Ancient Formation, what a tyrannical imprisoning power." Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power radiated out, but nothing was gained, as if he was completely repulsed by the milky white luster, and Xiao Yan's heart was also affected by this formation. The power of confinement inside made it quite uncomfortable.

However, Xiao Yan knew that this was in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, where countless evil auras gathered, but the ancient Qiankun formation could completely isolate these breaths from the Poison Temple Demon Empress. It seemed that this formation was also quite powerful.

"By the way, what about Earth Poison Sha and Poison Poison Demon Empress?" After a while, Xiao Yan suddenly asked in doubt as he looked at the endless milky white space around him.

"This is the inner space of the Qiankun Ancient Array. Only after the formation is broken, can the Poison Temple Demon Queen and Earth Poison Temple be seen. This is also set up to prevent contestants from entering by accident."

"As for the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, she was suppressed in the depths of the Qiankun Ancient Array." The Soul Eater said slowly.

"Master, this Poison Temple is also at the level of a 'Half Emperor', and the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is even more of a 'Emperor'. We do this, right..." After a short while, Xiao Yan shook his head in doubt.

"Don't worry, I'm here, and I've long thought that I'll meet her. After all, she has some good things on her body." The Soul Eater said fiery in his heart.

"Is it a good thing?" Xiao Yan nodded slowly when he heard the words, obviously something that could be so praised by his master would definitely not be ordinary.

"Although my current strength is not at the peak, it is still easy to deal with a poisonous demon queen, and you still have a lot of distance to exchange your points for swallowing the flame technique, so this time, let me do it, just in time. Let you see, what is the real powerhouse among the foreign evil races." After the Lord of Soul Eater finished speaking, he slowly fell silent, obviously brewing his own power.

With the departure of the Soul Eater Talisman, the overall strength of the Soul Eater Lord has dropped a lot, but fortunately, there is the existence of the blood river bell, so it can also make up the gap.

"Wong buzzing!"

"Big brother, look there!" Xiao Gui saw a black spot in the milky white light array flickering, and suddenly raised his fingers slowly and said to Xiao Yan.

"Be careful, go take a look." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dazzling soul power emerged, and then directly covered the body of the two, and walked away towards the strange black spot.

"Susu..."

"The core of the ancient Qiankun formation..."

"With the existence of the stone formation, the deity depends on how you deal with it..."

"The Demon Empress of Poison Brake, this time, after all, we won." As soon as the voice fell, the figure of the ghost slowly appeared in the space of Qiankun formation.

"That is……"

"The core of the formation!" In an instant, Xiao Yan and the two approached the center of the formation, and they saw an astonishing scene.

The core of the formation was originally the formation stone and the formation pattern, but the ancient Qiankun formation stone was lost for too long, so the formation core was born at the center of the formation to maintain the normal operation of the formation.

Looking around, this ancient formation of heaven and earth is full of milky white halos full of purifying power, and in the center of the formation, in front of the evil spirits, there is a group of strange lines, forming a pillar of optimism, towering high!

The Lord of the Sky is about several hundred meters tall, and his whole body is composed of countless mysterious milky white patterns. Under the illumination of these patterns, it seems that the evil aura is dissipating one after another.

"The power of this ancient Qiankun formation is really terrifying." Looking at the pillar of the sky at the center of the formation, Xiao Gui spoke slowly, obviously because of the ghostly aura on Xiao Gui's body, he felt it from it. A heart palpitation.

"Hey-hey……"

"Let's start." After a while, the gloomy gaze under the ghostly black robe suddenly turned into a pair of eerie cyan pupils, and then the entire body was bathed under the eerie cyan ghostly black robe, and the black breath lingered on the palm of the hand, The boulders slowly emerged.

"Brother, do you want to do it?" Suddenly, Xiao Gui also held his breath and asked in a low voice.

Although Xiao Gui didn't know what the ghosts were doing, Xiao Gui could feel that there seemed to be a demon-like figure hidden inside the Pillar of Optimus. If the ghosts succeeded, I'm afraid they would only end in failure.

"Wait first, after all, the ancient formation of Qiankun is not so easy, and this ghost can actually use the strength of Samsung Dou Xian to go to kill the poisonous demon queen, I am afraid there must be some treasures in the bottom of the box, let's wait and see how it changes. ." After speaking, the two became quiet.

"Huhu."

"This ancient Qiankun formation is really powerful. If it weren't for the extremely tyrannical restraint of our spooky and strange ghosts, it would be an option to use it for one's own use."

"But let's get down to business now." The ghost suppressed the fiery gaze in his body, and then a trace of ghostly energy spread into the stone in his hand.

"Weng buzzing." At this time, a strong and powerful beam of light suddenly erupted from the formation stone in the hands of Soul Evil, and it turned out that the pillar of Optimus in front of him resonated extremely terribly.

"Since that's the case... let's go!" After speaking, Soul Evil slowly threw the stone in his hand towards the Pillar of Optimus, but above the stone, there seemed to be a hidden power like a ghost. I am afraid it is the backhand of the soul.

"Boom!" The ancient Qiankun Array and the Array are one body. The Ancient Array of Qiankun is tyrannical, but without the support of the Array, the power of the Ancient Array of Qiankun is also greatly reduced. The Pillar of Optimus also erupted with an extremely hot suction, and without thinking, directly inhaled the formation stone into the body!

"Xuuuu!" The Pillar of Optimus at the core of the Qiankun Ancient Array can be said to be invincible. If you want to use external force to break it, even if it is a Five-Star Fighting Immortal, it is impossible to break it, but with the appearance of the formation stone, There was a trace of fiery heat in the Pillar of Optimus, so he didn't notice the ghostly aura left on it, and devoured it directly.

"Weng hum!" As the pillar of optimism swallowed the formation stone, the formation stone suddenly exuded incomparably hot fluctuations, and the lines on the pillar of optimism suddenly faced the formation at a speed visible to the naked eye. Flying away, in a short period of time, it is to completely fill the entire interior of the ancient universe!

In this way, it is obviously the return of the formation stone, which has restored the power of the ancient Qiankun formation to its peak.

"Susu..."

"Sure enough!"

"Ancient Qiankun Array, thank you!" Looking at this scene, the hidden face under the black robe of the soul also revealed a strange smile.

"Bang bang bang!" In an instant, the ghost didn't hesitate, and the black aura lingered in the palm of the hand. It was obvious that the hands were clasped together, the fingers changed rapidly, and the handprints containing strange power were displayed impressively.

And with such a move of the soul, a crack suddenly appeared on the formation stone swallowed by the Pillar of Optimus, and then a dazzling ghostly aura suddenly emerged from the formation stone, facing the inside of the Pillar of Optimus. Whistling away.

And with the soul evil like this, the Optimus Pillar also realized that something was wrong, and the dazzling purification power suddenly emerged, trying to purify the strange black qi remaining on the formation stone, but in this moment, those black qi seemed to Not to attack them, but to form a burst of tiny cracks directly on the surface of the Pillar of Optimus, and this crack is the passage leading to the land where the Poison Temple Demon Empress is sealed.