Chapter Vol 4 1821: Terrifying Soul Attack!

In the underground palace, there is a crisscross area of ​​narrow stone walls. There is a circular space here, like a circular basin. At this time, the gray stone walls around the space are airtight, and there is a faint trace of it. The looming power squirmed and kept swimming.

"Strange, why is this brat's power a little weird..." On the other side, Uncle Lin also followed the traces of Xiao Yan's escape and came here.

Uncle Lin, covered in golden clothes, with the royal aura of arrogance between his brows, surrounded by green aura, his endless aura of life gushing forth like the stars and the sea, in line with his strength in the later stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. , can be described as a strategic powerhouse in the Tianxing Continent.

"Don't think about leaving." Just as he stepped into the stone wall space, Uncle Lin snorted coldly, and suddenly a beam of green energy spread out like ripples centered under his feet, completely covering the place with ease.

field!

The wood attribute domain, which is full of life aura, is enough to greatly increase the strength of Uncle Lin, and the domain contains an extremely large force of confinement. I am afraid that the power of this domain is confinement. This method, Xiao Yan is even a wing. It is also difficult to fly.

"It's good to come!" At this moment, Xiao Yan's voice appeared in the space like the sound of the sky, and suddenly, like a meteor shower, flames fell vertically from the top of the space, and roared away at Uncle Lin.

"Small worm-carving trick!" Seeing Xiao Yan's blow like this, Uncle Lin sneered, and with a wave of his hand, the green aura turned into flying stars all over the sky, which he easily resisted.

"Formation!" Xiao Yan's voice rang out just after the attack had subsided.

"Boom!" In the green field, a formation completely dominated by amber flames and soul fire directly wrapped Uncle Lin completely. The fierce aura contained in it, even Uncle Lin felt a burst of energy. Chilled.

"Oh... Formation?" The whole body was imprisoned by a special formation composed of amber flames. Uncle Lin watched this scene, but a hint of suspicion flickered at the corner of his mouth.

The amber flame on Xiao Yan's body gave him extremely tyrannical oppression. With the addition of the flame-centered formation, this guy's strength should not be underestimated, but the formation pattern of this formation did not reach as many as 70,000. There are more than 60,000 at most, so for Uncle Lin, he is naturally not afraid.

"Although you have a strange treasure in your body, but now you have met me."

"I'm not interested in wasting too much time with you and spied on our secrets. It can only end with your fall." Uncle Lin knew Xiao Yan's cunning from Hun Wuji's mouth, so he didn't plan to Fighting with it more, the green light on the body is squirming, like a patron saint of nature, standing at a height below zero, the soil and rocks on the ground in the entire field tremble, trees and vines suddenly appear wildly, grow, and faintly The entire space is completely filled.

Such a strong breath of life, the power of the wood attribute is prosperous.

"Crash!" With a sound, the formation was like a mechanical gear, making a deafening sound, and then it turned into a terrifying dragon of flames, which shot at Uncle Lin from countless directions.

"Buy me a little time." Xiao Yan hid in the edge and corner of the formation, the spiritual palace in his body fluctuated violently like a vast ocean, and the Qidu soul-inducing lamp above his palm also seemed to be pulled by something, a trace of strength Influx into Xiao Yan's body, Xiao Yan's soul power is still growing.

"Stop doing indifferent struggles. Even if you are talented, it's a pity that we are the ones who provoke them."

"In the next life, you will still recognize who you will never be able to offend." This time, Xiao Yan's flame formation was completely smashed by Uncle Lin, and immediately surrounded by countless vines, it was like a predator in the jungle The king approached Xiao Yan little by little.

"It's not enough..." Seeing Uncle Lin getting closer and closer, beads of sweat the size of peas were dripping from Xiao Yan's forehead, and a deathly death filled his heart.

Xiao Yan doesn't know the specific function and efficacy of the Qidu Inducing Soul Cup, but now with the blessing of this thing, Xiao Yan's soul power has crossed the "Tai Xu" late stage in one fell swoop, entered "Hua Yuan", and even moved towards "Hua Yuan". "Mid-term burst.

The fourth floor of the spiritual palace in the body has been filled by the Qidu spirit cup. At this moment, it is charging away from the fifth floor. Xiao Yan knows that although the sudden soul power is only temporary, it is enough to solve the current predicament, because Uncle Lin's soul power has not even reached the fairyland. If his soul power reaches the middle stage of "Huayuan", I am afraid that it may really cause a situation of one-hit kill.

"Die!" Seeing Xiao Yan holding a strange lamp in the palm of his hand, Uncle Lin's mouth was full of excitement. Xiao Yan was covered in treasures.

"Soul... ascending to the sky!" In an instant, Xiao Yan's pupils turned pale, as if he was absent-minded and stagnant, and at the same time, the five-layered spiritual palace in Xiao Yan's body, like an unparalleled mountain range, appeared on top of Xiao Yan's head. An indescribable aura of life and death permeates the entire wood attribute field!

"Not good!" Uncle Lin was less than ten meters away from Xiao Yan at this time. He originally thought that Xiao Yan was dying just to survive and wait for his death, but how could he have thought that Xiao Yan was so bold and careful now that the close distance was positive. After taking Xiao Yan's blow, he will not die or be disabled!

"Boom!" An extremely strange cry erupted from the Soul Mountain above Xiao Yan's head, and an invisible energy ripple spread violently!

"Shabu Shabu!" For a time, the wood property field suddenly shattered, and even the countless trees and vines in the space dissipated. The corner of Lin Wangshu's mouth seemed to be torn apart by a hurricane. Severely injured!

Even in the pupils, a surrounding gaze emerged, and the breath of the whole body was already disordered.

"Kacha!" At the last moment, just when the soul ripples were about to completely engulf Uncle Lin, a beautiful jade pendant suddenly shattered on his body, and an extremely good power swept up on the shattered body, surrounding him, resisting Xiao Yan's soul attack was miscalculated..." Xiao Yan's breath was sluggish at this time, and he immediately shook his head when he saw this scene, and then his body wriggled and ran away directly.

"Ahhh!"

"Little beast, this king must flay you and cramp your muscles as a sacrifice for my injury trip!" A roar shook the nine days.

"Huhu... such a terrifying soul attack." Even though Xiao Yan had already left the stone wall passage, he could feel the fierce energy contained in it, and it was definitely not something that ordinary powerhouses could resist.

If Uncle Lin didn't have the jade pendant that was specially designed to defend against soul attacks, Xiao Yan would have enough confidence that the blow just now was enough to kill him directly. It's a pity...

But even so, Xiao Yan's blow just now caused unhealable wounds to Uncle Lin. In the future, this guy's strength will be full of diligence.

"Come on!"

"Search me!"

"This little beast has no strength, and his seriously injured body must still be in the underground palace!"

"Live to see people, die to see corpses!" Uncle Lin roared at the other stone walls, and dozens of guards appeared in response.

At this moment, the alert and patrol of the entire underground palace became even more severe, and Xiao Yan, who was seriously injured, had obviously reached the point where the lights were running out. He wondered if he could escape the underground palace and tell the princess about Lin Fengya's conspiracies and ambitions. et al.