Chapter Vol 2 816: Vicious old monster!

"This guy, so strong..."

"Eight-star Dou Di is complete, it seems that even the fire beasts underestimate him." Xiao Yan forcibly resisted the powerful suppression emanating from the vicious old monster, and spoke slightly.

This vicious old monster is so tyrannical, I am afraid that it is difficult to enter the spring of life and death in his hands!

"So many beauties, I'm afraid I can keep my youth forever!"

"Hahaha!" As soon as the vicious old monster appeared, his eyes swept away, seeing so many women, he immediately looked at Mu Yingying and the women with a sneer, but his heart burst into laughter.

The vicious old monster has actually survived for thousands of years, but as the time goes on, the strength cannot be broken through, so it causes the appearance of old age.

But I don't know where the vicious old monster learned that, as long as he absorbs the spirit of young women, he can temporarily maintain his youth!

Although the vicious old monster also knows that this method is not good, and it will be punished by God for a long time, but the vicious old monster has no other way, so the vicious old monster has also become a monster that kills women. The energy to keep your youthful appearance.

"Shameless." After hearing this, Mu Yingying opened her mouth slightly, as if she noticed that the vicious old monster was staring at the women with extremely unfriendly eyes.

"You guy." After a while, a silver mouse suddenly appeared inside the vicious old monster, and said to him with a look of disdain.

"What do you know!"

"If I don't absorb the spirit of the woman, I'm afraid I will grow old again. When I see that old appearance, I can't wait to die!"

"So I was forced to do so." There was a hint of pain on the cheeks of the vicious old monster Junxiu.

"This guy actually focuses on absorbing women's spirit, no wonder he is so young." Xiu Qi seemed to have discovered something, and then spoke slowly.

"What should I do now?" Mu Feng also discovered that the vicious old monster in front of him had the perfection level of the Eight-Star Dou Di, not to mention Xiao Yan and Xiu Qi who were present, I'm afraid everyone might not be able to fight together.

"Do it!" Seeing that there was no way to resolve the matter, Xiao Yan immediately snorted.

"Go ahead, don't say that you weren't given a chance."

"Before you die, you still have a chance to fight." The vicious old monster said as if he had a chance to win. Even with his strength at the level of Xiuqi Qixing Dou Emperor, he didn't have any fear at all.

"Looks like this guy..." The silver mouse sighed slightly, looking at the vicious old monster, but the next moment it saw Xiao Yan, it opened his mouth.

"Why does this guy seem to have something in his body the same as the guy in Hirohan Island?"

"Is it an illusion?" The silver mouse said slowly, and then returned to the vicious old monster's clothes.

The silver mouse naturally knows about the mystery of Yueru's possession of the inheritance rune, but the silver mouse also knows that Yueru has the inheritance rune. In this ruin, I am afraid that the vicious old monster wants to kill them, obviously not. actual.

"Buy me some time." Yueru gritted her silver teeth and said something to Xiao Yan and the others, then she closed her eyes and did not speak, but the inheritance rune on the forehead faintly radiated a huge wave fluctuation.

"She is..."

"Are you triggering the inheritance rune?" Qin Xin was well-informed and knew at a glance what Yueru was doing.

In the ruins, it is the inheritance place of Fairy Moon, and Yueru's body has the inheritance rune of Fairy Moon, and Yueru's actions are likely to call for the inheritance rune.

Only in this way can everyone deal with this vicious old monster who is as powerful as the eight-star Dou Di Perfection level in front of them.

"Make a move, buy some time, Mu Yingying, Leng Fuyao, the two of you are optimistic about Yueru, the others, let's go together!" After the simple arrangement, Xiao Yan did not hesitate, and the power of holy flame burst out in an instant. .

This time, he was facing a powerhouse of the eight-star Dou Emperor Perfection level. Xiao Yan knew that if he was hiding, he would probably end up here this time.

"Good guy, he's still a kid with holy flame!"

"If that's the case, then I'll accept it with a smile." After the vicious old monster finished speaking, an extremely greedy look slowly emerged on his cheeks.

"Great Heaven's Good Fortune Palm!" Xiao Yan said it was too late, the dazzling power of holy flame gathered in the palm of his hand, and slapped the vicious old monster with one palm, and the terrifying flame fluctuations instantly turned into deadly bullets!

"Shoot!" Seeing this, Xiu Qi didn't hesitate, all the dazzling attacks all over her body rushed towards the vicious old monster. It could be seen that the intensity of this attack was even more terrifying than when she fought against Xu Guang before.

"Yin-yang gossip!"

"Behead!" Mu Feng also burst out with extremely tyrannical power.

"Go!" Qin Xin also didn't dare to hold back.

"It's just a bunch of rabble."

"The gap between the powerhouses cannot be made up by the few of you." The vicious old monster seemed unmoved by the attack of the four, and then made a slight voice, but there was an extremely strong voice in his voice. Disdain feeling.

"Go away!" Not long after, just when the four huge forces were about to attack the vicious old monster, the vicious old monster suddenly showed a strange smile, and then spoke slightly.

As soon as the vicious old monster opened his mouth, a dazzling white energy suddenly appeared around his body, but there was a faint black aura in the white.

"Damn!"

"This guy's eight-star Dou Di's consummate strength actually gave birth to the power of death..." Xiao Yan was shocked.

The power of life and the power of death are two different things.

The difference between having the power of life and not having the power of life is not very big But the premise of giving birth to the power of death is to have the power of life!

Moreover, the power of death is generally only born when the Eight-Star Dou Emperor has successfully broken through the Nine-Star Dou Emperor.

Furthermore, this vicious old monster has the power of death, which is a terrifying power that can cause instant kills, so it is no wonder that Xiao Yan and the others are so shocked.

"Hahaha!"

"Several, die."

"Don't worry, after you die, I will bury your body completely." After the vicious old monster finished speaking, the attacks of Xiao Yan and the four instantly turned into nothingness, and then the dazzling power of life and death on the vicious old monster was not at all. The weakened, attacked Xiao Yan and the others.

Just when the vicious old monster's power of life and death attacked, everyone clearly felt a wave of death.

"Is it over..." Mu Feng muttered to himself.

However, the four of them did not sit still, Xiao Yan, Xiu De, Qin Xin, and Mu Yingying, they all seemed to be brewing something, and the inheritance rune on Yue Ru's forehead also showed a mysterious He fluctuated and immediately hit the force of life and death that was about to attack Xiao Yan.

"Vicious old monster, the inheritor I chose, you can also move?" The next moment, a sweet female voice with the coercion of heaven and earth instantly echoed in the spring of life and death!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

ask for a ticket

Today's 8th watch, today's 5th watch, and yesterday's 3rd watch when something went wrong