Chapter Vol 4 1112: Fighting Immortal Soul Beast, Qingniu Tianmu!

In the Ghost King Ridge, every cloudy moon attracts some powerful people who come here.

The purpose of these powerhouses is naturally Ghost Moon Well.

The Ghost Moon Well is located in the deepest part of the Ghost King Ridge. The terrain is dangerous, and there are many powerful soul beasts guarding it. Even the powerhouse with average strength does not dare to enter it rashly.

However, every time on the night of the full moon in the dark moon, some rather mysterious things will appear in the ghost moon well.

These mysterious things are rumored to be powerful martial arts and fighting skills, and there are rumors that they are the magic elixir of life and death. The powerhouses who successfully obtained treasures from the Ghost Moon Well will all undergo transformation.

"Whoosh whoosh." With a series of sparse voices, several figures slowly appeared in this dense vegetation.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, in three days, it will be the night of the full moon. By then, we must defeat the guardian spirit beast no matter what, otherwise we will have no chance to approach the Ghost Moon Well, and we will just come here in vain." For a moment, among the dense vegetation, a rather empty space was directly opened up by one of the Qing family's subordinates, and several tents were slowly set up, and then Qing Wen smiled at Xiao Yan.

"Oh……"

"And the guardian spirit beast?"

"I don't know what kind of guardian spirit beast is?"

"How's your strength?" Xiao Yan heard the words, originally wanted to go back to the tent to rest, after all, there are still three days, but after hearing Qing Wen's words, he asked slightly, after all, knowing yourself and knowing the enemy, you will be safe in a hundred battles.

"That is a soul beast that has entered adulthood."

"Qingniu Tianmu." When Qingwen heard the words, he immediately spoke, and there was some bitterness in his voice.

Obviously, in the past month, the five members of the Qing family were blocked by this soul beast, otherwise they should have arrived near the Ghost Moon Well at this time.

"what?"

"It's actually Qingniu Tianmu?" When Xiao Yan heard the invitation to the document, his expression suddenly became strange.

"It's the Qingniu Tianmu."

"Is there any problem?" Qing'er, who was beside her, looked at Xiao Yan so shocked and couldn't help asking.

"It's fine." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, the bright smile replaced the shock, and then walked back to his tent, but his heart was overturned.

Qingniu Tianmu, this is a soul beast known to Xiao Yan in the Xuanling Continent. It is a kind of soul beast known for its strength. When entering adulthood, I am afraid that its strength can be comparable to that of the middle-stage human beings.

And don't forget, this kind of soul beast is famous for its strength. If it really fights, I am afraid that the average one-star fighting immortal mid-stage powerhouse will be invincible.

The four members of the Qing family watched Xiao Yan act like this and went back to the tent without disturbing him, and went back to rest.

"In the process of cultivation, generally everyone has an attribute, but because I am an alchemist, the bright fire attribute is mixed with a trace of wood attribute."

"But no matter what, this wood attribute cannot be fully activated after all."

"And if you kill this Azure Niu Tianmu soul beast, the soul core in its body should help me stimulate the wood attribute!"

"The fire attribute is already an extremely powerful booster, but if it is stimulating the wood attribute, I am afraid that the attack and defense will be integrated. At that time, it will also have the power to protect itself against some powerful enemies." But Xiao Yan's matter was in his heart. He smiled slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe, boy, don't forget the soul beast nature of Qingniu Tianmu." When Xiao Yan thought of this, the Soul Eater Master couldn't help but say.

"The essence of Qingniu Tianmu?"

"Could it be... Tianmu?" But Xiao Yan was so little bit by Soul Eater that he couldn't help being shocked!

"That's right, since this soul beast has the strength to fight immortals, maybe there will be Tianmu."

"Qingniu Tianmu, Tianmu and Qingniu coexist, a bit like the accompanying amethyst source of the Amethyst Winged Lion King in your previous plane."

"And if there is Tianmu, I am afraid that it can completely stimulate the wood attribute in the body. At that time, the two attributes of fire and wood will be enough for you to deal with some difficult enemies." said Soul Eater.

"I don't know what is the use of this Tianmu?" And Xiao Yan heard the words and smiled slowly. The information about the Azure Bull Tianmu Soul Beast was known to Xiao Yan by chance when he was on the Xuanling Continent, but the details are not very clear. .

"It's not your fault."

"The secret of the Qingniu Tianmu Soul Beast, let alone you, I am afraid that in this ghost world, only very few people know it."

"And this Tianmu is something that has been born since the birth of Qingniu Tianmu. It grows with its strength, but it is a bit like a piece of wood," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"Wood?" When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help but be stunned.

"Don't underestimate this wood."

"During the training of Dou Qi, among Dou Di, it is divided into the power of life and death, and when advancing to Dou Xian, the force of life and death is perfectly integrated, resulting in a more powerful force of Dou Xian."

"The power of fighting immortals is divided according to your attributes, but it is much more tyrannical than the power of life and death."

"And this Tianmu, although it's just a piece of wood, but because it is associated with the Azure Ox Tianmu soul beast, the huge wood attribute power contained in it is enough to fully stimulate your wood attribute, and it's even more powerful." Soul Eater The Lord said quite fiery.

"Really..." Xiao Yan heard the words and seemed to know what the Soul Eater meant.

"Hey-hey."

"Simply put, because you are an alchemist, it is very likely that you have the fire wood attribute, but after you stimulate the wood attribute, your strength is the same as that of ordinary people who cultivate the wood attribute."

"But if you absorb the power in the sky tree your wood attribute is undoubtedly much stronger than others."

"for example."

"Comparing the strength of ordinary people who cultivate the fire attribute to one, and the fire attribute power of your pharmacists is twice that of their normal people, as for you, after swallowing the holy flame, the fire attribute power has reached six times or even more. Gao, if light is the power of fire attribute, no one at the same level will be your opponent."

"And this Tianmu is similar to your holy flame." The Soul Eater explained slowly.

"So it is." After listening to the Master of Soul Eater, he suddenly smiled but the corners of his mouth were laughing.

After swallowing the holy flame, Xiao Yan, among the powerhouses of the same level who also cultivated the fire attribute, could almost walk sideways. It's not a problem to have a leapfrog battle!

Leaping!

This is no child's play.

If it is above the Dou Qi Continent, the battle of the Dou Emperor and Dou Wang level is also commonplace, but in this new world, the gap between the Dou Emperor and the strong can be determined by a small level, not to mention the more advanced. order.

The stronger the strength, the more difficult it will be to fight.

However, if relying on the tyranny of the fire wood attribute, Xiao Yan still has this confidence.

"For now, let's look forward to it. I hope this Azure Ox Tianmu spirit beast is really guarding Tianmu, otherwise it will be a waste of our time." Xiao's eyes became deep, and then he looked into the distance.