Chapter Vol 4 1634: Brief fight!

In the void at the edge of Li Soul Territory, a silver boat with a size of thousands of meters was wrapped by the endless power of devouring, its whereabouts were hidden, and it was extremely difficult to be discovered. The word is very conspicuous, and even inside it, there are hundreds of breaths, these breaths, even the weakest, are comparable to some five-star fighting immortals, and this "soul eater" boat branch is a soul eater. The master's handwriting, and now this ship has quietly evaded the detection of many powerhouses in Li Soul Realm, and entered the Li Soul Realm and stopped.

"Queen... We have now entered the territory of Li Soul Territory, what should we change now?" On the head of the boat, a lonely figure stood upright, with beautiful eyes penetrating the endless void, looking at the distant Li Soul Territory. .

"Yep."

"Is there any news from the teacher?" Mei Mu slowly retracted, nodded lightly, and asked the handsome man in front of him.

"There is no specific news for the time being... But according to the subordinate's obscure investigation, the master's breath seems to have appeared in a place called the Earth Spiritual Academy under Li Soul Domain." After Shun Qi, the handsome man hesitated to speak. road.

"Earth Spirit Academy?"

"Bai Ze, the affairs of the ship, I have to go to the Diling Yuan after listening to your order." As soon as the voice fell, Qian Ying spoke in a hurry. At that time, a pink halo appeared from the toes like ripples, and soon it was over. The identity is quite elegant and mysterious.

"Queen... Now there are half of the most powerful people in our Soul Eater Realm in the ship. This is the greatest background for saving the master and taking revenge on Li Soul Realm. If you don't have your guard, if something goes wrong here, I'm afraid it will be difficult for your subordinates to communicate with the master. The queen will explain." The handsome man couldn't help but fear when he heard the words.

Now Qianying is Hao Nier who controls all areas of Soul Eater Domain at zero hour. Although she is a first-time female streamer, her strength is shocking, and this trip, relying on the mystery of Soul Eater's main ship, directly avoids many Li Hunyu's investigation came here.

"But..." Hearing the handsome man's words, Hao Ni'er gritted her silver teeth, her beautiful eyes flickering, and hesitated.

"Queen, the most urgent task now is to find the master first and restore the master's power to the peak. The next thing is the most important thing. The queen should not be in a mess." Bai Ze Zaidu persuaded.

"All right……"

"Send the order, send scouts to inquire about the information, and contact the people we have placed in Li Hunyu, and investigate all the information without a trace." As soon as the words fell, the place was calm.

However, in the now calm Li Soul Territory, they really don't know that an army composed of Supreme Beings enough to destroy most of the Li Soul Territory has already floated here. I am afraid that war is only a matter of time.

On the other side, inside the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"Master of Soul Eater, you didn't fall?"

"How is it possible..." Fang Hao's face became ugly when he looked at the extremely dark face in front of him, and an appalling devouring power emanated from it.

When Li Soul Territory attacked Soul Devouring Territory, they all participated, but even so, it was still difficult to defeat Soul Devouring Territory, but fortunately, in the end, the supreme leader of other realms took action to help the Lord of Li Soul, so the Soul Realm was defeated, and after that battle, Soul Eater's vitality was severely damaged, and even Soul Eater was missing, and Li Soul Realm was justifiably seated in the first realm of Ghost Realm. The Lord of Soul has clearly told them that the Lord of Soul Eater has completely fallen in that battle, and there is no return, so these years, the two domains have been at peace with each other, otherwise, the canthus of Soul Eater Domain will be used. The character that must be reported, suffered such a shameful humiliation, will definitely take revenge on Li Hunyu.

"Falling?"

"If Li Hun doesn't die, how can this master fall so easily!"

"This time, the Lord will make you pay the price for everything you do to our Soul Eater Realm!" In the black air mass, Soul Eater Lord's laughter-like voice resounded through the entire Soul Eater Realm like the voice of the sky.

"Master of Soul Eater... Although you are the master of a domain, but your aura is not low now, I am afraid that you are not even strong enough in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals."

"If the dignified Soul Eater, the overlord of Soul Eater, falls and breaks my hand, I'm afraid our name Fang Hao will resound throughout the ghost world. When that time comes..." At that moment, a trace of black thunder flashed across Fang Hao's eyes. Immediately laughed.

"Then see if you have that ability!"

"Worship of thousands of ghosts, army of ghosts and gods!" After the blink of an eye, a roar emerged from the black air mass of the Lord of Soul Eater. Immediately within the entire Devouring Realm, countless eerie ghost auras wriggled, suddenly turning into one after another lifelike and vigorous. The soldiers, if you count them carefully, there are tens of thousands of people. These guys are all soldiers composed of bright ghosts, and the scenes composed of such extreme violent auras on their bodies can be said to be the real commanders. People are smacking their tongues.

"Shabu Shabu!" This action of the Master of Soul Eater undoubtedly heralded a complete war with Fang Hao, but with the existence of the Domain of Devouring, it was naturally impossible for Fang Hao to escape.

"Thunder beast!"

"Punishment of Ten Thousand Thunders!" Perceiving that in the world of swallowing tens of thousands of majestic ghost soldiers surrounded the Lord of Soul Eater, just like the king who surrounded them, Fang Hao did not dare to have any He kept his hand, because he knew that the Master of Soul Eater was a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal. Even if he was seriously injured, although the gap between the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal and the Perfection was quite small, the slight difference was like a The chasm is generally difficult to bridge.

"Weng Om Om!" Tens of thousands of soldiers, surging with momentum, suddenly ran towards Fang Hao, and there was such power in the air, I am afraid it is enough to tear apart the ordinary eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse!

"Boom!" Suddenly, with Fang Hao's great means, the gloomy lines on his body burst out with dazzling rays of light, and at the top of the void of the world of devouring, bursts of black thunderclouds suddenly filled out, black thunderclouds There was a thunderous roar, and bundles of black thunder exuded a violent aura.

"Is this the battle between the eight-star fighting immortals?" Seeing the destructive fluctuations between the two, Xiao Yan hurriedly retreated to the side, his eyes were fixed on the two, and he couldn't help but said, Xiao Yan knew that even the slightest trace of aura of this level was enough to easily obliterate him.

"Boom!" Countless black thunders emerged directly from the black thunderclouds and directly hit the tens of thousands of ghost soldiers of the Soul Eater. Suddenly, the two attacks were in a certain balance, slowly dispersion.

"Boom!" A burst of dazzling white light emerged, and the two immediately exploded, causing the energy inside the Devouring World to surge.