Chapter Vol 4 2049: Another mystery!

"Here... it seems to be a bit like the graveyard of some powerful people in the medicine clan."

"But every powerhouse in the ancient race will be sent to their own tombs by the powerhouses in the ancient race after they fall, and there is no chance to survive in the outside world. It's really strange..." , Slim, and the surrounding green energy is also quite sacred, and the beautiful eyes are constantly turning, looking at this mountain top covered by the formation, and muttered.

"This is a secret place that only I know. I have been frail and ill since I was a child, but no matter what illness I have, as long as I come here, I will be able to cure it."

"And there's always a lingering voice in my mind telling me that the secret is probably hidden in the bronze statue and the medicine cauldron. Unfortunately, my strength is too weak to open it at all."

"Big brother, sister fairy, please help me." Yao Shigui's eyes earned the boss, and he finally revealed the secret that he had been hiding in his heart. During these few days, Yao Shigui was also with the two of them I found a trace of a long-lost relative feeling on my body, so I told the little secret that was in my heart.

"Don't worry, elder sister and elder brother will help you." Xun'er said with a slight concern.

"Go back a little bit, I'll take a look." Xiao Yan stared at the bronze statue in front of him, and then walked over step by step.

When I came to the bronze statue just now, I didn't find anything. The whole body of the bronze statue was carved naturally, and I couldn't detect any flaws at all.

"Boom!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's whole body ignited with an amber flame, which easily covered the bronze statue.

"Pimples." At that time, the copper statue that had been quiet all the time suddenly trembled, and the pieces of copper slowly shattered and fell off.

"Kacha!" With a sound, the bronze statue shattered, and a dark passage appeared at the foot of the broken bronze statue. I don't know where it leads, but there is another mystery.

"This is?"

"This is exactly the same as the dream I had."

"Follow me!" At this moment, Yao Shigui seemed to have remembered something, and was quite surprised, and then his figure jumped into the dark passage.

The scene in front of him was exactly the same as the dream he often dreamed of in the past, but the dream was extremely vague, and there was no record of the secret passage under the bronze statue, so Yao Shi was so anxious to return.

Yao Shigui didn't believe that both his parents died. He always felt that there might be another mystery in the matter, and the secret should be hidden below. He lost his inch for a while, and shot directly at it.

"Follow up, be careful of the danger below." Xiao Yan nodded and entered with Xun'er, Xiao Yan's soul power faintly felt a good terrifying energy below, the level of that energy was definitely eight The Xingdouxian level is even comparable to Xun'er.

Xun’er was in front and Xiao Yan was behind. Xiao Yan’s eyes looked around at all times with vigilance. In addition to the protection of the formation around the mountain top and the countless vibrant auras, Xiao Yan decided that this place was probably a treasure.

Xiao Yan suppressed his breath, and even his breathing became extremely light, and his footsteps slowly walked towards the secret passage below.

The passage below the bronze statue is clearly like a vast cave. The cave is covered with dust and weeds. Obviously, there are traces covered by many years. However, Xiao Yan can also conclude that the things below will be preserved. very complete.

"What a weird place..."

"There are some strong life breaths all around, and even some of the weeds here are extraordinarily fat. I am afraid that after absorbing some years, they will all transform into congregational spirits." The two followed the medicine stone and returned to the cave everywhere. After the ramps, a small valley with a fairly wide area appeared in front of the two of them.

In the center of the cave, this is a rare small valley. The valley is like a layer of cumulus clouds, surrounded by lush trees and weeds that reveal a strange atmosphere, and above the cumulus clouds in the valley , a group of gray light flickered slightly, and every flickering of it would bring an extremely majestic vitality, it seemed that it was the treasure here.

"Stop, there is definitely something weird here." Just after entering here, Xiao Yan noticed that the temperature around him had suddenly dropped, and immediately a wave of awe-inspiring fluctuations filled his heart, and he couldn't help roaring at Yaoshigui.

"Giggle giggle." But facing Xiao Yan's roar, Yao Shigui seemed to have lost his mind, ignoring the dangers and hidden dangers hidden here, and went straight to the gray light on the cumulus clouds in the valley.

"Brother Xiao Yan." Xun'er rolled her eyes, naturally aware of the strangeness here.

"Protect him!" Xiao Yan's body was as fast as a ghost, the void around him suddenly split open, and his body was submerged in it. When Du appeared, he had already come to Yao Shigui's side, stunned him and brought him back.

"Da Da Da!" It seemed that the actions of Xiao Yan and Yao Shigui had just disturbed some terrifying creature, and the roars of eerie monsters filled the entire valley.

At that time, in the entire valley, countless trees, weeds, and even the soil will quietly crawl down. They seem to be welcoming some kind of terrifying creature's revival, and the entire valley will suddenly become dark, and you can't see your fingers.

"Come on, get out of here." Feeling the strong wind, Xiao Yan turned his head and roared at Xun'er. Before clarifying the matter, don't make extra troubles.

"All roads are blocked, it will take a minute to crack..." Xun'er said with a vigilant look.

"It seems that this is a test." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly when he heard the words, his entire body became brighter, and the amber flame slowly rose, illuminating the entire dark valley.

On the edge of the circular cumulus cloud in the center of the valley, a silver creature with a body size of dozens of meters was majestic and majestic. The huge beast's eyes contained a touch of contempt and bloodthirsty intent to stare at them, making them shocked~www .mtlnovel.com~ The hairs all over the body stand up involuntarily, as if facing the enemy.

It was a magical beast, a creature with extremely thick silver hair. It exuded a tyrannical oppression and a sense of strength. Its heavy breathing even carried a trace of dust, deep-colored beast eyes, and silver hair. Looking at its body, it looks exactly like a human being?

With healthy limbs, hands, feet, eyes and nose, if it weren't for the silver hair all over his body, it would be extremely difficult to tell the difference from humans?

"This is?"

"The Titan among the Three Titans?" Xiao Yan said, looking at the creature in front of him, and said with great surprise.

Even just relying on the thick aura emanating from this guy, Xiao Yan clearly sensed a titanic mammoth that was not inferior to the titan mammoth he encountered in the previous assessment of the alchemist!

In the Yao clan, he encountered the Titan mammoth and the Titan giant two times in succession. Xiao Yan did not believe that this was accidental. Obviously, the appearance of these two giants may have some subtleties with the Yao clan. relation.

A crazy thought lingered in Xiao Yan's mind.

For example, for some shady conspiracy, the Yao family raised or cultivated titan mammoths and titan giants in the shadows of Yunling Mountains.

​​

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: