Chapter 304: 3 battle circles!

At this time, the main hall was already caught in a scuffle.

In one place, Mu Yingying dealt with the most powerful being among the named disciples, Li Zi.

One is Xiaoyi's role in dealing with the last five-star Dou Emperor's initial strength. Although Xiao Yi's current strength was deliberately suppressed by Xiao Yan, the four-star Dou Emperor was consummated, but she was still able to win when dealing with people in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. It's a matter of time.

Also, Green Flute and Mu Feng jointly deal with the ten powerful four-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouses.

As for the rest, they set their sights on Xiao Yan.

"Since you've picked it up, let's make a quick decision." Li Zi also said slowly, and then his aura also soared.

When the people around heard the words, they also nodded, and then Zi Lian and the ten four-star Dou Emperor perfection-level powerhouses all looked at the few people in front of them.

They are also very clear!

In order to obtain the status of the Fenxiang Pavilion's named disciples, no one knows more than them how much suffering they suffered and how much blood they shed!

At the same time, these named disciples are also clear that the one who can participate in the points plundering competition is undoubtedly a genius from a certain side of their Xuanling Continent. These named disciples have mediocre talents. If they want to join such a super sect, they can only make a certain contribution to it. , and then obtained the status of this named disciple, thus challenging these real disciples!

Once they succeed in the challenge, then they will also drop the title of named disciples and become real disciples of Fenxiang Pavilion!

Therefore, these named disciples are also extremely looking forward to this battle!

"Humph!"

"Brothers, success or failure is here!" Zi Lian also said slowly, and then his eyes shifted to Xiao Yi. He smelled a rather terrifying aura from Xiao Yi, so he didn't dare to be distracted.

The ten remaining four-star Dou Di consummate named disciples also slowly surrounded Mu Feng and Lu Di.

Mu Feng and Green Flute are not fuel-efficient lamps, and they really exude a grudge.

As for Xiao Yan, he stood quietly at the back, watching the remaining named disciples, but a scroll slowly appeared in the palm of his hand, and then the terrifying spiritual power also slowly emerged.

Xiao Yan is also always prepared. Once the remaining named disciples launch an attack, or the three battles in the hall change, they will attack immediately!

"The mental power in this kid..."

"And the scroll in the palm of your hand..."

"Could it be that this kid is a battle formation master?" The old man above the main hall also changed his lazy gaze, and then stared at Xiao Yan in surprise.

"Hehe, it's been a long time since these named disciples defeated my disciples from Fenxiang Pavilion..."

"I don't know if it will be this time..." Mu Xuzi also smiled slowly, and then stared at several battles in the hall. As the deputy hall master, he must also take full responsibility for these people, so he is also Don't dare to relax.

A war is about to break out!

"Although you are a woman, I will not show mercy..."

"Look at the move!" Li Zi also laughed loudly, and then his figure moved instantly.

"Let the horses come here!" Mu Yingying also snorted softly, and then the blue flames instantly attached to the surface of her body, and her beautiful eyes were always watching Li Zi's every move!

Li Zi moved instantly, then clenched his fists tightly, and a khaki-yellow fighting qi appeared on his palms!

Earth property!

"This Li Zi is actually an earth-type fighting qi..." When Mu Yingying saw the khaki-yellow fighting qi on Li Zi's body, she also discovered Li Zi's fighting qi for the first time!

The attributes of Dou Qi are basically divided into five categories: gold, wood, water, fire, and soil, and some other attributes are born on this basis.

It was too late for Mu Yingying to think, because she also knew that even though her own flame power was extremely terrifying, Li Zi's strength was undoubtedly much stronger than hers. !

Therefore, Mu Yingying also moved her beautiful eyes slightly, apparently she had some way to do it.

The next moment Li Zi's attack came to Mu Yingying's side, and it was about to hit Mu Yingying in the blink of an eye.

The surrounding registered disciples are also quite painful. If such a terrifying punch hits this flower-like jade-like Mu Yingying, then the consequences are also...

Immediately, they turned their eyes away and did not dare to look directly, because they did not want to watch this rather **** scene.

"Um?"

"Afterimage?" Li Zi also hit with a punch, but it was only a soft thing.

"Take me a move!" Mu Yingying also let out a coquettish anger, and then attacked Li Zi who was a little puzzled.

The blue flames surrounded the jade hand, and then Mu Yingying waved viciously, and suddenly a terrifying flame palm print attacked Mu Yingying.

Facing Mu Yingying's terrifying azure flame palm print, Li Zi did not dare to be careless, and immediately urged the fighting qi in her body to form a fighting qi barrier in front of her, trying to reach Mu Yingying's attack.

Li Zi's Dou Qi is of the earth attribute, so in terms of defense, even Mu Yingying can't match him, and Li Zi's strength is stronger than Mu Yingying's, so even if Mu Yingying's attack hits Li Zi, it is estimated that most of the power will be reached by Li Zi's defense, and the damage caused is minimal.

"Cough, cough..." Li Zi coughed violently after resisting the palm print of Mu Yingying's azure flame. Obviously, although Mu Yingying's strength surpassed that of a four-star Dou Emperor, the flame was quite strong. eccentric.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

I had already blocked the azure flame palm print just now, so why did some of them still enter my body...

The azure flame that entered his body, in addition to a terrifying destructive power, seemed to carry a huge aura of purity...

It seems that his originally irritable heart has calmed down!

"The flame on this woman is really not simple..."

"Looks like you have to be careful..." After Li Zi finished speaking, he was also fighting with Mu Yingying, but the two of them were also constantly testing and did not make a killing move.

On the other side, the battle between Xiao Yi and Zi Lian is also in full swing.

Zi Lian had a weak figure, and then quietly took out a feather fan, which was also full of vindictiveness, and then fiercely attacked with Xiao Yi.

"Look!" Zi Lian snorted coldly, then raised the feather fan in his hand gently, and swung it towards where Xiao Yi was. Suddenly, a terrifying strong wind emanated from the feather fan, and then attacked Xiao Yi. go.

With such terrifying fluctuations as Zi Lian, even an ordinary four-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouse would not dare to take it hard.

"Pretend to be a ghost!" Xiao Yi also snorted coldly, then stared at the strong wind that was attacking.

Just when the strong wind was about to attack Xiao Yi, Xiao Yi's pupils scrambled tightly, and then the terrifying strong wind was dissolved out of thin air.

"damn it……"

"This person is the most terrifying of the five..." Zi Lian also understood at this time that this handsome man named Xiao Yi seemed to be the most terrifying existence among the five.

"Does a five-star Dou Di strong person have this ability?" Xiao Yi also said very impatiently, and then her eyes showed some contempt.

Ask for tickets!