Chapter Vol 4 1265: Ride a space ship!

Because the battle with the Yin Protector was of great help to Xiao Yan, since Xiao Yan came back from the space of the formation, he had retreated and realized, and this realization, ten days, was fleeting.

In these ten days, Ye Cheng has changed a lot.

First of all, Yuzong announced the resumption of use of the space teleportation formation. In addition to the ratio of the proximity to Dongzhou, the number of people who purchased the space formation in Yecheng increased sharply. Although this was a huge profit, it also made the entire Yuzong Very busy.

And then there is Kuye Zhai.

All the high-level officials of Kuye Zhai tried to collude with people from other forces to destroy the space teleportation formation, and they were doing some dirty things. The forces headed by Ye Ku and several others were all killed in Yecheng in public, and although the other strong men in Kuye Zhai said that their crimes did not lead to death, they also left Yecheng one after another.

Because they knew that although Yuzong didn't kill them, he would inevitably have mustard in his heart, so it was better to leave.

Today's Ye Cheng can be said to be the only one of the Yuzong family.

"Woooo."

"Why hasn't this Xiao Yan come out yet?"

"A big man's mother-in-law's..."

"There are still two months before the time to reach the ratio of Dongzhou. It will take a month to ride the space formation..." In a quiet pavilion, Yuwei couldn't help but said, complaining.

However, after all, when Yuwei found out from her sister that Xiao Yan actually used the strength of the two-star Dou Xian in the early stage to obliterate the three-star Dou Xian who prevented their Yuzong from repairing the space formation, he couldn't keep his mouth shut!

This is simply too strong!

"Wei'er, don't worry, everything in Ye Cheng has been dealt with now, as long as Xiao Yan leaves the customs, we can take the space formation to Dongzhou." Yu Ran Ran smiled.

Yu Ran Ran knew that this time their two daughters went to Dongzhou Bi, it was just some experience, Dongzhou Bi was a place where countless talents gathered, even Yu Ran's current strength in the late stage of Two Star Fighting Immortals was a bit difficult.

"Yes." After the two girls finished speaking, they slowly returned to their respective boudoirs.

"Huhu."

"Three-color and a half holy flame fusion, the after-effects are really not small..."

"But it's a blessing to drag it down. Now, I have completely mastered the power of my two-star Dou Xian early stage, and my strength has even increased." In the room where Xiao Yan was resting, he let out a breath of air, opened his eyes and said.

Xiao Yan knew that at the time of crisis, if it wasn't for his master, Soul Eater, to help him, I'm afraid it would be really dangerous.

"Now that you're ready, let's go."

"Dongzhou, there will be an excellent place for training."

"After Dongzhou is the ratio of the four continents, when you return from the ghost world, I am afraid that your strength will undergo earth-shaking changes."

"When the time comes, you will have the strength to know the secrets of the Xiao clan." The Soul Eater said with a smile in Xiao Yan's heart.

"I'm also looking forward to it." Xiao Yan also laughed. At the beginning of the Xuantian Santian battle, Xiao Yan hurriedly came to the ghost world. If he went back this time, he would probably have to go back to Xuantiantian and have a drink with many brothers and sisters. Fan.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Squeak." Xiao Yan got up, sorted out his things, and gently opened the door.

"Mr. Xiao Yan, are you out?" Xiao Yan just opened the door and suddenly looked at a familiar figure.

The Rain Curtain of the Great Elder of the Rain Sect.

Since Yuzong destroyed Kuyezhai, Yu Tianyue directly transferred the chief elder who was in charge of guarding the space teleportation formation to guard Xiao Yan after learning that Xiao Yan had retreated and meditated.

After all, Xiao Yan can obliterate Sanxing Dou Xian, and his strength background is definitely not simple. Yu Tianyue would not dare to have an accident here again.

"Elder." Seeing this, Xiao Yan felt a little doubt in his heart and hurried up.

"Haha, Lord Xiao Yan is fine." The first elder, Rain Curtain, said with a smile.

"Since the lord has left the customs, let's set off."

"The two eldest misses and the sect master are waiting for you." After a while, the first elder spoke up.

"Okay." Xiao Yan agreed directly, and under the leadership of the rain curtain, he went to the Yuzong Hall.

"Hehe, little friend Xiao Yan's aura seems to have increased a lot." Yu Tianyue heard the news of Xiao Yan's exit, so he put down other things in his hand and rushed back.

"Sect Master Yu won the prize, it's just a fluke." Xiao Yan smiled.

"This time, the ratio of Dongzhou is full of geniuses, and my two daughters will also go together. I hope that Xiao Yan will take care of you at that time." Yu Tianyue said with a smile, after talking about some exquisite silverware pills is appeared in the hall.

"There's no need for this. I will naturally take care of the two young ladies." Xiao Yan glanced at him and found that these things were of no use to him now, so he spoke immediately.

"In that case... let's go." Yu Ran Ran nodded slightly.

"Yep."

"Daddy, let's go." Yuwei said with her watery eyes looking at Yu Tianyue.

"Go." Yu Tianyue and the Great Elder waved their hands gently.

"Sir Xiao Yan, come with me." Yu Ran Ran took the lead, and the two women and one man went directly to the backyard.

"It's here again?" After a while, Yu Ran Ran brought Xiao Yan and Yu Wei to the silver gate that had entered the repairing space formation, and Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"This is not just a place to repair the formation, it can also be directly entered."

"The space formation has just been opened, and there are too many people outside. We can enter directly from here, and we can also avoid some unnecessary inspections." Yu Ran Ran said.

"I see." Xiao Yan nodded slowly.

"Yuwei, take out the things." The next moment, Yu Ran said dotingly.

"Okay." Yu Wei heard the words, a silver scroll slowly appeared on top of the beautiful jade hand.

When the silver scroll just appeared, Xiao Yan felt an extremely tyrannical space force.

"Let's go ahead and talk about ~ Watching the silver scrolls appear, Yu Ran took the lead and suddenly swept into the space gate.

The three figures appeared in the space formation in the next instant.

"Go ahead." Yu Ran Ran just came to the space teleportation formation and said to Yu Wei.

"Crash!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, the silver scroll in Yuwei's hand instantly turned into a stream of light, and then it rapidly enlarged in the pupils of the three of them, and then a silver building with the size of a hundred meters. , into the public eye.

"This is..." Xiao Yan couldn't help saying.

"This is a space ship. With it, we can avoid many threats in the space teleportation formation, and the speed is extremely fast, which can shorten a lot of time." Looking at the behemoth in front of him, Yu Ran Ran explained to Xiao Yan.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan felt a little astonished in his heart. Such a giant, just by looking at the many wooden houses on the spaceship, it could accommodate hundreds of people. At this time, it was only used to accommodate the three of them, which was extremely luxurious.

"Mr. Xiao Yan, please." The next moment, a silver ray of light poured directly into the space ship, apparently contacting the control space ship, and suddenly Yu Ran said with a smile.

"Let's go." Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded, and then the three figures entered the spaceship one after another.

At this moment, it means that the trip to Dongzhou officially begins!

Although Xiao Yan secretly felt that this trip to the ghost world would definitely not be easy, but the desire to become stronger also enveloped his heart, and he couldn't help but look forward to the ratio of Dongzhou.