Chapter 541: The movement of the conch!

"Shabu Shabu!" Xiao Yan's speed exploded slightly, and the terrifying fluctuations in his hands brewed in an instant.

In one breath, Xiao Yan had already caught up with that weird bubble!

As the distance got closer, Xiao Yan seemed to find that the bubble had a general spirituality. Inside the soft and elastic bubble, the snake jade was breathing up and down together, and even the pupils and fingers were loosened a little, obviously there was a wave of awakening. !

"Let go of her!" Xiao Yan couldn't care less, and slapped the bubble with his palm, and a huge wave suddenly appeared.

"Plop." With a sound, the bubble deftly avoided Xiao Yan's attack. Although this was at the bottom of the lake, one thousand meters below the lake, Xiao Yan's strength was suppressed by terrifying pressure, but since the bubble could avoid Xiao Yan's attack. Hit, then this bubble is also very strange!

"Humph!" Xiao Yan drank abruptly, and immediately turned his palm over, and slapped the bubble with another blow!

This time, Bubbles seemed to have discovered Xiao Yan's intentions, and did not try to escape, but stopped immediately, and the energy around the bubbles became more dazzling.

The next moment, it was photographed by Xiao Yan's hugely powerful palm!

"Boom boom boom!" The two just came into contact, and immediately triggered an extremely hot and terrifying high temperature, which caused the temperature at the bottom of the lake to rise a lot.

"damn it!"

"In the water, even the power of the strange fire has been reduced too much..." Xiao Yan immediately clicked his tongue secretly when he saw that his attack was ineffective.

"Wait a minute, this bubble seems to have been emitted by the snake jade?" The next moment, Long Yi's voice suddenly sounded!

"What?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart suddenly trembled, and then he stared at the snake jade in front of him.

I saw that the snake spirit's pupils were slightly puzzled at this time, and stood beside the octopus monster. As for the snake jade, it was wrapped in mysterious bubbles and slowly moved towards the mud at the bottom of the lake.

"The voice of the sea?"

"What's going on!" Just as Xiao Yan was staring at the snake jade in front of him, would there be any mutation? The voice of the sea that was originally obtained in the Xuanling Emperor Pond's Tianmuyu clan was suddenly not affected. Controlling, he suddenly left Xiao Yan's acceptance ring, and flew towards the snake jade beside him!

"Gulugulu." Strange voices constantly echoed at the bottom of the lake, which was extraordinarily strange!

"Could this snake jade... be the last member of the Tianmuyu clan?" Xiao Yan said in surprise, obviously through the voice of the sea, and the snake jade can move freely in the water, Xiao Yan boldly guessed.

"It should be." Long Yi also noticed the difference.

"What is this?" The next moment, the snake spirit's pupils suddenly became darker. Obviously, the snake jade had stopped. The conch shell on Xiao Yan's body continued to emit extremely dazzling rays of light as it slowly flew towards the snake jade. And go!

"She's about to wake up." I don't know who said something, and then the snake jade wrapped in bubbles suddenly shattered, and the conch directly attached to the snake jade's forehead!

"Shabu Shabu!" At this time, the water at the bottom of the lake suddenly became dark and turbulent, and the violent lake water kept squirming, which brought a lot of pressure to Xiao Yan and the others. Fortunately, they all had some strength, so it didn't cause an accident.

"Shit Sisi!" After the conch put on the snake jade, Xiao Yan clearly felt that the aura on the snake jade changed!

If the snake jade was always in a coma at the beginning, then at this time, her body has slowly gained anger, and even the finger moved slightly, and she can wake up at any time!

"It seems that it still takes a while to wake up." Xiao Yan shook his head, then he didn't care about Snake Jade, but he didn't expect that Snake Jade was actually the last member of Tianmuyu's clan.

"I'm guarding her." The snake spirit said slightly, obviously the snake spirit has many secrets.

"This soil is so weird. There is no soil anywhere in this lake, how can it be the only one here?"

"Could it be that there is some mystery?" Xiao Yan secretly said in his heart, then his body moved slightly, and with the help of the power of the water flow, he moved towards the soil.

Just as soon as he came to the place where the soil was within reach, Xiao Yan's pupils turned into a deep color, and then the huge soul power spread out instantly, trying to find out the mysterious soil!

This is a large area of ​​soil, and the color of the soil is all dark blue, and I don't know why it appears this color.

Just as the soul power entered the soil to investigate, Xiao Yan's brows suddenly wrinkled.

"What's wrong?" The snake spirit stood beside the octopus monster, guarding the snake jade, and then spoke slightly.

"It's alright." Xiao Yan responded casually, and immediately began to investigate!

"There seems to be something in this soil!" After a short investigation, Xiao Yan was finally able to be sure!

Moreover, Xiao Yan is quite sure that the reason why this lake is so mysterious is because of the things in the soil!

Xiao Yan's eyes moved quickly.

"Forget it, don't care, let's try it first." After making up his mind, in Xiao Yan's palm, the soul force isolated the lake water by a little space, and then in that palm, fused twenty-three kinds of different fires. Bright flames erupted instantly.

"Go!" Or it just appeared, and the terrifying lake bottom with low temperature suddenly heated up a lot.

"Boom boom boom!" The flame just touched the soil, and the soil seemed to have encountered something terrifying, desperately resisting!

"What is in this soil...how could it make my flames a little afraid?" Xiao Yan said slowly.

Because after his attack, the area of ​​the soil has shrunk rapidly. If you think about it, it will take a long time before the mysterious things in the soil will surface!

Since the five people were separated by the strange boulder, Xiao Yi came to a place of death, where there are graves everywhere, extremely eerie!

Just when Xiao Yi hesitated to contact her eldest brother, at the center of the tomb, a huge monster appeared in front of Xiao Yi.

The behemoth was covered in gray-copper armor, and at first glance, he knew that he was a battle-hardened strongman. In addition to the huge blood-red sword inserted into the ground, his body sat cross-legged, and an indescribable terrifying aura erupted instantly!

"What is this..." Xiao Yi responded slowly, and then dazzling flames appeared all over her body, always alert to the dangers around her.

"Defeat me..." The huge figure pulled out the big knife inserted into the ground, and then looked at the rather handsome Xiao Yi in front of him with red pupils, a fierce aura suddenly spread in this graveyard!

"Eight-star Dou Di strong..."

"It seems to be interesting now." After Xiao Yi finished speaking, she didn't care about her body, she took a step directly, and the majestic flames spread out in all directions, like a flame darling, extraordinarily powerful!

"But it's strange, how the black qi in this person is the same as the black qi in the beginning..."

"Is it my illusion..." After Xiao Yi finished speaking, she slowly shook her head, and then concentrated on fighting!

Although Xiao Yi's strength has reached the perfection level of the eight-star Dou Di, she doesn't seem to be afraid of this behemoth in front of her. Obviously, Xiao Yi has enough confidence to kill him. It's just a matter of time.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Ask for tickets!