Chapter Vol 2 709: To the top of the Tianhe River!

At the top of the Tongtian River, the ninth-level cultivation cave is located.

Xiao Yan had just entered here, and suddenly realized that it was different from other places.

From the outside, the Tongtian River is a river from the earth to the sky, but the top of the Tongtian River is different.

Here, there are only continuous stormy waves, and that sound slaps out, containing extremely huge and strange power, shocking people's hearts.

"This top cultivation cave really deserves its reputation." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile, even if he just glanced at it, he knew it was extraordinary.

Xiao Yan just came here, and Xiao Yan also discovered the unusualness of this place. After all, he just came here to absorb a few breaths of the Tongtian River, and the Dou Qi in his body actually felt like it was just about to move!

"This is Tongtian Emperor Qi, but how do you absorb this thing?" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly became serious, because from the first glance, it seemed that Tongtianhe was not that easy to deal with.

"Shabu Shabu!" Just as Xiao Yan was thinking, the Tongtian River, which was constantly stirring up the stormy waves below, suddenly scattered a stream of water, and then the speed exploded. Xiao Yan is here!

"Bastard!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly startled, his eyes changed slightly!

This Tongtianhe actually possesses a not weak intelligence, the strength of such an attack, I am afraid that an ordinary six-star Dou Di can possess it!

However, Xiao Yan was not a hesitant either, his figure swept up directly, and then suddenly the ancient ruler of different fire appeared in his hand, and the dazzling holy flame on his body appeared on the ancient ruler of different fire at the same time, at that time, an incomparably hot flame appeared. !

The water column scattered from Tongtian River turned into a snake head and roared towards Xiao Yan hideously.

Even though Xiao Yan was possessed by flames now, he still did not make that snake-headed water column take half a step back!

"Boom boom boom!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's hand suddenly swung the ancient ruler of different fires to him!

The two just touched each other, and the violent ripples melted away in circles.

"It seems that it is not so easy to cultivate Dongtian at the ninth level." Xiao Yan stared sharply at Tongtianhe under his feet, slightly vigilant.

Out of intuition, Xiao Yan knew that the Tongtian River under his feet was definitely not ordinary. Otherwise, why didn't he have any reaction when he first entered the top of the Tongtian River, and once he got close to it, it would attack him.

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan took a few steps back, and immediately saw the golden Tongtian River in front of the vigilant old man.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The attack just now came too suddenly, leaving Xiao Yan without any preparation, but Rao's many years of combat experience allowed Xiao Yan to respond.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's eyes flickered for a moment, and then he shot directly at Tongtian River!

"Crash!" It seemed that he sensed the arrival of an uninvited guest. This time, as many as ten water columns were shot directly from the golden Tongtian River!

And the power contained in those ten water columns, the strength of just one water column has reached the level of a seven-star fighting emperor!

"Damn it!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly nodded, cursed secretly, and then turned around without looking back!

Because of such a terrifying attack, just one attack was enough to make Xiao Yan's scalp tingle, not to mention as many as ten.

At that time, a rather funny scene appeared here.

Xiao Yan fled quickly, and behind Xiao Yan, ten golden energy water columns chased away.

"It should be a safe distance from here." After running for a while, and having some distance from Tongtian River, Xiao Yan stopped talking to himself.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, the ten golden-yellow energy water columns suddenly quieted down, as if they had lost their target, they gave up chasing Xiao Yan and returned to Tongtian River.

"It seems that my guess is correct."

"Although Tongtian Emperor Qi in this ninth-level cultivation cave is extremely bright, but with the protection of Tongtian River, I'm afraid it won't be easy to succeed."

"And the closer it is to the Tongtian River, the closer it is to the Tongtian Emperor Qi, the stronger the attack of the Tongtian River."

"I just went to a place that is still a few dozen meters away from the Heavenly Emperor Qi, and its attack strength has reached the level of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor. If it is close to the Heavenly Emperor Qi, I am afraid that only a powerful nine-star Dou Emperor can..." Xiao Yan stopped. Footsteps, eyes squinting slightly staring at Tongtianhe not far away.

At this time, in the Tongtian River, the outermost area is the golden-yellow river water, and in the center of the river, a dark red liquid that is extremely bright flows slowly.

Then, it is the most intense Heaven-reaching Emperor Qi.

Xiao Yan could feel that if he devoured that cloud of Heavenly Emperor Qi, it would not be difficult to break through to the Six Star Dou Emperor Consummation.

"This Heavenly Emperor Qi has actually become so concentrated that it liquefies the substance. It's really a treasure." Xiao Yan laughed, and then it seemed as if he had thought of something.

"I don't know if this is possible." The corner of Xiao Yan's mouth showed a charming arc, and then his eyes showed a hint of ill will as he looked at Tongtianhe.

Tongtian River is still flowing on its own, unless someone enters its attack range, it will not take the initiative to attack others.

"Soul's wrath!" A soft snort then slowly sounded from Xiao Yan's mouth regardless of whether he was busy or not.

"Crash!" As Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power rushed towards Tongtianhe, the Tongtianhe suddenly made a trembling sound.

"It's now!" Xiao Yan saw the opportunity, and when Tongtianhe was busy dealing with soul power, he shot out with speed, and immediately grabbed at the dazzling dark red Tongtian Emperor Qi in Tongtianhe!

"Hoohoo!" Tongtianhe let out an angry voice, but because of Xiao Yan's soul attack, he had to be busy dealing with the soul attack.

"Come here!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but smile.

Sure enough, soul power is the nemesis of many things, and Tongtianhe is no exception.

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan's palm contained an extremely huge power of holy flame, and then directly through the defense of Tongtianhe suddenly hit the dark red liquid!

"Uuuuu!" Xiao Yan just came into contact with the dark red liquid, and the Tongtianhe suddenly let out a scream, extremely sad!

"Come out for labor and capital!" Seeing that the dark red liquid didn't want to come out, Xiao Yan suddenly hummed, trying hard!

"Plop!" At that time, the dark red liquid in the Tongtian River was directly pulled out by Xiao Yan.

After that, Tongtianhe seemed to have lost its power and became quiet.

"It's up to you to be honest." Xiao Yan immediately smiled when he saw Tongtianhe calm down.

Immediately, Xiao Yan stared at the palm-sized dark red liquid on the palm of his hand.

This is impressively the Tongtian Emperor Qi at the top of Tongtian River!

"Next, I hope I can make a smooth breakthrough." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, without stopping, he directly swallowed the dark red liquid in his hand!

"Gulu gulu!" The Emperor Tongtian had just been swallowed by Xiao Yan, and suddenly an extremely hot feeling spread throughout Xiao Yan's body!

"What a splendid power, but you forgot that I have Holy Flame!" The next moment, Xiao Yan realized that this Heaven-reaching Emperor Qi contained extremely violent power, but for Xiao Yan, who possessed Holy Flame and Emperor Flame, Not a big deal.

At that time, the mysterious and most intense dark red Emperor Qi, which was feared by everyone in the Fenxiang Pavilion, was actually attacked by Xiao Yan's soul. At this time, Xiao Yan was also constantly absorbing it, and his power continued to grow stronger.

Ask for tickets!

Three today and five tomorrow