Chapter Vol 4 1313: Purgatory Array!

"This is... the power of the formation?" Seeing Xiao Yan crushing the sheepskin scroll in the field, a group of strong people outside the field couldn't help but let out a hint of surprise.

"Not good!" Huo Bai is indeed a powerhouse in the late stage of the Two-Star Dou Xian. He just rushed into the rocky area and felt that after Xiao Yan crushed the sheepskin scroll, a fiery red energy fluctuation instantly completely enveloped the entire rocky area. Suddenly the speed skyrocketed, trying to escape from here.

However, no matter how fast Huobai is, it is not as fast as Xiao Yan's core inscriptions, so in just one breath, as many as 24,000 core inscriptions are directly transformed into a touch of red energy, sending thousands of meters away. Large and small rocky areas are completely shrouded.

Controlled by the core inscription, this rocky area was suddenly filled with an extremely terrifying flame energy, and even the color of the entire area became extremely fiery red.

The purgatory formation diagram, this is the formation method that Xiao Yan condensed on his own according to the fire attribute fighting qi after condensing the bucket core. Although it has not been completely perfected, it is still easy to deal with the two-star fighting immortal powerhouse.

"This guy is very hidden... No wonder I had a vague sense of solemnity when I first saw him, so there is such a means..."

"But dealing with a fire cypress forced you to use such a method. I don't know what else you can use to deal with Feng Yu next?" Pastoral off the field couldn't help laughing.

"Feng, this Xiao Yan's strength should not be underestimated." Spider Li of the Six Holy Religion slowly attached to Feng Yu's side, watching Xiao Yan's formation in the field, he couldn't help but said.

The power of the formation, they are very clear to these proud sons.

"Don't worry, since he has revealed his trump card now, I naturally have a chance of winning." Feng Yu said with a relieved smile.

Feng Yu has absolute confidence in his own strength. If he faces Xiao Yan, he has a good chance of winning, not to mention that Xiao Yan has exposed a lot of trump cards, so Feng Yu naturally has a plan to deal with it.

"Tsk tsk, this guy is really scary..."

"The formation scroll, the value of this thing is more precious than the high-level medicine pill. I can't imagine that this little guy has it..."

"Saint Yan, the scroll of formation, is really an enviable guy." Looking at Xiao Yan in the field, Duo Tianfeng also had a hint of jealousy in his heart. After all, even if he owns either of the two , is also enough to disdain the heroes, not to mention that the two have it.

"But now that too many trump cards have been exposed, it will be more difficult to deal with Feng Yu next."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It seems that this guy Xiao Yan is still too young." Duan Tianfeng shook his head again the next moment.

Xiao Yan, who had displayed the purgatory formation, had reached a new height in his control of fire attribute energy at this time, and the gap in strength between Huobai and himself had been filled.

"Xiao Yan, you are such an idiot!"

"I didn't expect that I would force you out with all your strength. This can be regarded as helping Mu Ge to complete the task he gave me."

"However... I still want to defeat you completely!"

"Because I want you to know that Pastoral Song is the No. 1 powerhouse in our Thunder City, but it's not something you can handle." Being in the purgatory formation, with a touch of heavy breath, the oppressive fire cypress was somewhat oppressive. Out of breath.

"Don't worry, after I defeat you, it won't be long before Mu Ge will accompany you to defeat." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile.

This purgatory formation is indeed tyrannical. If Xiao Yan didn't want to reveal his full strength of earth and fire attributes, he probably wouldn't have used the formation.

However, there are two points that Xiao Yan successfully deceived everyone. This formation was not condensed by Xiao Yan using the formation scroll.

Outsiders only know that Dou Formation Masters must rely on the Formation Scroll to cast their formations. However, when Xiao Yan already owns half of the core inscriptions on his life, Xiao Yan can already use Nigong Pills to activate the core inscriptions. , that is, you can easily cast the array.

Furthermore, these 24,000 core inscriptions are not Xiao Yan's limit, they are just enough to deal with Huobai, 24,000 core inscriptions are enough, if Xiao Yan really tries his best, I am afraid that he can rely on the formation to fight against the real Samsung. Fighting, so although Xiao Yan exposed the means of the formation, the tyrannical strength of the formation was not used to the extreme.

"A guy who doesn't know how high the sky is!"

"Don't think that a mere formation can imprison me."

"This time, let's you see, what is the strength of our Leicheng powerhouse!" After Huobai finished speaking, a little fierceness appeared on his face. The body surged out, and in the end, the entire body was completely wrapped in it.

At this time, the surface of the fire cypress is like a violently burning flame light group. The surface of the light group is slowly flowing and rotating like a water wave, like a red water whirl. This level of attack, I am afraid that the powerhouse in the later stage of Two Star Dou Xian will only be able to can stay away temporarily.

The fiery red water swirl stagnated in the mid-air of the rocky area, with a little sharpness on the periphery. Under such a tyrannical force, it seemed to have the terrifying power to destroy everything, and then Huobai did not hesitate to control the water wave, directly facing Xiao Yanbang. Shoot away!

In an instant, the sharp sound of breaking wind resounded in the fiery red purgatory formation.

"Small trick of carving insects." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's figure floated up slightly. In this purgatory formation, Xiao Yan's power was magnified several times, so it was naturally easy to deal with Huobai at this time.

"Break it for me!" Xiao Yan didn't do anything else, he just raised his palm lightly. At that time, the fire attribute power in the entire purgatory diagram gathered towards Xiao Yan's palm, and in an instant, it turned out to be a transformation It is a fiery red dragon with a size of dozens of meters!

The fiery red dragon seems to be extremely ordinary, without any superfluous power, and some are just the purest fire attribute fighting qi. Under the control of Xiao Yan, with an invincible aura of jumping mountains and rivers, it penetrates the space, heavy Smashed on the red water whirl.

"Ding Ding!" The fiery red giant dragon condensed by Xiao Yan did not seem to have any intelligence. It was just a killing machine full of pure power. When it came into contact with the red water swirling of the fire cypress, it exploded in an instant.

The figure of the giant dragon shattered instantly, and then the red water swirling didn't hold up for long, and it instantly turned into a puff of smoke and dissipated away.

"It's over!" When Xiao Yan saw this scene, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth. He saw that at the center of the explosion, Huobai's original indomitable body fell from mid-air to the ground, above his body. , Burning marks, large and small, are dazzling, there is no trace of strength in the body, just like a living dead, the breath is wilted to the extreme!

The next moment, many strong people outside the field saw this, and they all fell silent, and the whole field was silent!

This Xiao Yan actually used his strength in the early stage of the two-star Dou Xian to defeat Huobai in the later stage of the two-star Dou Xian!

. Mobile version update fastest URL