Chapter 417: 9 Insects!

With the sound of this extremely crisp bell, many private rooms in the entire auction hall also became quiet!

Because they all know that this immortal-level auction house is the grand venue for auctions in the entire Xuansan three days. Countless rare treasures are auctioned here, so they don't dare to let go of any information rashly!

At this time, there were already countless people in the private room, and each of them sat slowly, the eyes in their eyes exuding fiery heat, and then their eyes directly passed through the colorless and transparent wall, staring at the dazzling crystal. A pretty girl in a red dress on stage!

"Hehe, everyone, welcome to the fairy-level auction sponsored by the Xuanling Royal Family. I am Blood Rose, and I will preside over this auction."

"The once-in-a-ten-year auction will not disappoint you. I remember that in the Immortal-level auction last time, there was a fighting spirit that was enough to make the fighting immortals quite jealous. I don't know that there will be another one this time. What rare treasure was born." Blood Rose also glanced around slightly, and then said slowly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At this time, Blood Rose was standing alone on the dazzling crystal platform, and there was no one around, because this fairy-level auction is like this. There are hundreds of quite luxurious private rooms, all participating in this auction. The auctioneers are all staying in the private room.

On the dazzling crystal platform, Blood Rose was also standing slowly, and then her beautiful eyes stared at some white barriers in front of her.

These white barriers are obviously private rooms for the auction.

"Blood Rose, you should also know the purpose of everyone's coming here, so let's hurry up and get to the point."

"Yep……"

"Let's get started..." At the next moment, there were some dissatisfaction in many private rooms. Obviously, although this Blood Rose is very attractive and hot, their purpose is also very clear today!

auctions!

"This auction can't actually isolate the sound..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

"These private rooms are designed with special techniques, but this colorless and transparent wall shows that it is a barrier of fighting qi, so it can't isolate the sound." Zhu Lao also smiled and explained to Xiao Yan.

"These are all good, the price is increased for the convenience of the auction." Mu Feng also looked back at Xiao Yan and said.

"The auction is about to start..." Xiao Yan also suddenly saw the corner of the woman's mouth move slightly on the crystal platform.

"Hehe, everyone must be impatient to wait, so Qiangwei won't say more..."

"The Xuanling Royal Family Auction has officially started!" After Blood Rose finished speaking, she is now slowly scanning it.

Although the figures in the private rooms could not be seen from the outside, Blood Rose found some extremely subtle fluctuations in several of the private rooms out of instinct. Obviously, these are the winners of this auction.

As Blood Rose's voice just fell, a dazzling light suddenly erupted from the crystal stage behind it.

The light flashed away, and a pair of jade-colored gloves appeared on the blood rose jade hand, apparently to protect the auction item to a great extent.

"This is the first auction item today... It's called the Nine Yin Demon Insect." A white insect about the size of a palm appeared in Xue Qiangwei's hand.

The white worm exuded a slight chill all over its body. Looking closely, the worm was actually covered with some mysterious runes, and it had nine legs under it!

The next moment, Blood Rose also knew that those who came today were all sharp-eyed people, and immediately expelled the Nine Yin Demon Insects from her hands.

"Although these nine yin devil insects are from the devil world, don't worry, the origin is clear, and the effect of this thing is extremely special."

"The Nine-Yin Demon Insect can devour all poisonous substances, thus transforming those poisonous substances into a part of its power through the special power of the Nine-Yin Demon Insect!"

"These poisonous substances... include poison vindictive qi, some deadly poisons."

"It is no exaggeration to say that with the possession of these nine-yin demon insects, as long as they are not killed instantly by the venomous poison, the nine-yin demonic insect can devour their poison and rescue them!" Blood Rose finished speaking, but also slightly He paused for a while, and then let the chubby Nine-Yin Demon Worm walk back and forth in his hands.

After a short stay, Xue Qiangwei also moved her smiling lips slightly, and said to the many private rooms in the auction: "The low price of 10 million gold coins, everyone, please."

The private rooms are numbered, and the private room where Xiao Yan and the others are located is five!

The ranking of the private room also determines the ranking of its strength to a large extent. The fact that Elder Zhu can have this private room ranked fifth among the many powerhouses is enough to show the horror of his power!

In the No. 5 private room, as the blood rose on the crystal platform just finished, the place became lively.

"Nine Yin Demon Insects?"

"This is a good thing." Mu Feng, who was beside him, was also staring at the Nine Yin Demon Insect in the hands of the Blood Rose.

At this time, the Nine-Yin Demon Worm didn't even know that it had been auctioned off as an auction item. The chubby body wrapped in a meeting and rolled on the palm of Blood Rose's special gloved palm, very happy.

"Although the Nine Yin Demon Worm is a good thing, it doesn't have the magical effect this girl said."

"Once the poison enters the body, it will cause damage to the internal organs, and at worst, it will be killed on the spot. How can this little guy absorb toxins from you."

"If this is the case, I am afraid that the poisonous fighting spirit of the Poison Sect will not be the best in the world." Zhu Lao also said.

"The master is right. I remember that this nine-yin devil insect was born in the land of the devil. I think this auctioneer should have obtained it by chance."

"The current strength of this nine-yin demon worm should be comparable to that of a human four-star fighting emperor According to the records, the nine-yin demon insect loves toxins the most and feeds on poison. It is said that if it is a coincidence, it is enough. If so, you can also cultivate into a human form.”

"Also... 10 million seems a bit too high." Xiao Yan also glanced at the Nine Yin Demon Worms on the crystal platform and said.

"Nine Yin Demon Insects... I'm rather cute." Mu Yingying also said with a slight smile.

Xiao Yan and Mu Feng are also helpless about this. It seems that women have a natural love for this kind of thing.

In the other place, in the private room No. 4, the size of the space and the things placed here are exactly the same as Xiao Yan and the others, but in the private room at this time, the two women also sat down slowly. It was the person of the Poison Sect who had some conflicts with Xiao Yan and the others!

"Senior sister, this Nine-Yin Demon Worm is a good thing... Although these Nine-Yin Demon Worms only have one eye, the most important thing in our Poison Sect is toxins. It's not a bad idea to let these Nine-Yin Demon Worms evolve into nine-eyed Demon Worms over time. No..." The slightly shorter woman also said, with a strong interest in her voice.

"Yeah... I didn't expect that we would encounter such a good thing."

"Ordinary people only know that these nine-yin demon insects can expel toxins, but they don't know that if these nine-yin demon insects cultivate and evolve into nine-eyed demon insects, they will be like a furnace, and it will also be used for those of us who practice poison fighting qi. Great supplement!" The slightly oversized woman also said.

Ask for tickets!