Chapter Vol 4 1919: The 8th Demon Suppression Prison, the Evil Cage of Water and Fire! ...

The latest website: "咻咻!" Countless sinister blood lights flickered in this dim void, and even from a hundred miles away, one could clearly smell the oppressive **** aura on it!

"Have you found someone?" At this time, above the blood-shrouded Evil Moon Cliff, above the thick blood cloud, a icy black shadow stood. meaning.

"No...these three guys are extremely careful. When they entered the Xieyue Cliff, they already covered their aura. We searched all over the periphery of the Xieyue Cliff, but we couldn't find their silhouette or aura." The other two demon kings shook their heads at the same time, and there was a hint of doubt in their voices.

The Xieyue Cliff is composed entirely of ravines and rugged stones. The route here is intricate, and it contains a lot of tyrannical aura, extremely evil and corroded demonic energy, which decorates the entire Xieyue Cliff. Evil.

"I'm worried that they will enter the depths of the Xieyue Cliff. After all, the only way to avoid our detection." After Shunxi, one of the demon kings made a slight voice, but he was talking about the depths of the Xieyue Cliff. When the time came, his eyes drooped unconsciously, as if there was something extremely terrifying in it.

"The depths of the Xieyue Cliff?" The Blood Demon King frowned. If this is the case, I am afraid that there will be a lot of trouble in capturing the three of them. After all, there is a Demon Suppressing Prison there, and the one sealed in the Demon Suppressing Prison exists. Guys, the only way is to let the Eight-Star Douxian Perfection powerhouse take action, otherwise...

"Damn it... I counted everything, but in the end it didn't count that the Ten Thousand Demon King still left behind."

"It doesn't matter, search for me. Even if they enter the scope of the Demon Suppression Prison, they must be arrested, otherwise the master will be blamed, and that kind of anger is not something we can resist."

"Even if you enter the Demon Town Prison!"

"Let's go!" The Blood Demon King snorted coldly, and the three figures sank into the Xieyue Cliff at the same time, and the soldiers searched the interior carefully in three directions.

"Tick-tock-tick." At this time, a sinister and eerie aura filled the interior of the Xieyue Cliff, and the strange sound of dripping dripping water emerged, setting off the place like a devil's cave.

At this time, the three of the Wan Yaowang and the two unconscious guard leaders slowly stood in a rather dark rock cave.

"What a terrifying breath, there seems to be something evil in the depths of this evil cliff." After the figure stabilized, the Myriad Flower Demon King's eyebrows twitched, and his beautiful eyes penetrated the endless darkness, as if he could smell something.

His body is the elf in the flower, and he is naturally very sensitive to this evil aura, and he is still unaware that there are two demon towns hidden here, so he can't help but mutter.

"Here, it should be the evil cage of water and fire that suppresses the evil people from outside the territory." After a moment of contemplation, the Demon King of Ten Thousand Demons slowly opened his mouth.

"Water and Fire?"

"Could it be that during the first World War before, the army of foreign evil tribes attacked our demon world, and the two of them have the strength of the white king?" The Demon King of Earth Rhino couldn't help exclaiming when he heard the words.

"That's right." The Ten Thousand Demon King nodded heavily.

"Tsk tsk...there are a lot of rumors about these two Shuangshas in the demon world."

"It is said that the two of them are twin brothers, the elder brother repairs fire, and the younger brother repairs water. The two complement each other, and their strength is close to the top among the Eight Star Fighting Immortals. I don't know why they defected and became the lackeys of foreign evil tribes. What's even more terrifying is the combined strength of the two of them, even in the face of the true Eight Star Dou Xian Consummation, they all have the power to fight."

"At the beginning, the two of them attacked the demon world with the army of the evil tribes from outside the territory. They were suppressed by the demon emperor with a wave of hands, and they were immediately sealed here, forming a water-fire-suppressing demon prison. I want them to repent in the endless seal."

"This Demon Town is enough to be ranked tenth."

"Evil cage of water and fire." The Earth Rhinoceros Demon Empress said in a melancholy voice, the shock in her voice was extremely difficult to conceal.

"Pfft!" When a few people were talking, a rather hurried figure approached them at a very fast speed.

"There is no time, now I have to enter the Demon Suppression Prison, hoping to disintegrate the current situation, otherwise once the two leaders fall into their hands and let them find the place of the seal of Lord Demon Emperor and the location of the master, the master of the black dragon wolf will The coalition forces will be completely disintegrated, and even the entire demon world will be completely rewritten." Listening to this hurried voice, the Wan Yao King made a decisive move, pushed him suddenly, several people trembled, and went directly to the stone gate of the Demon Suppression Prison.

"These guys... are they crazy?" At this moment, looking at the few people who poured into the gate of death, the blood demon king's eyes shrank violently and roared.

After Shunxi, the Blood Demon King also entered it together.

Outside the Cliff of Evil Moon.

"Are you sure it's here?" At this time, Xiao Yan slowly took the help of the spatial crack and the guidance of the spirit of the demon book in his body, and came to the Xieyue Cliff.

Just arrived here, the uncontrollable automatic body protection of the holy flame in Xiao Yan's body, it seems that this evil cliff contains a touch of evil power that many holy flames are afraid of.

Today's Xiao Yan's strength has reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. In addition to the numerous holy flames in his body, he can be feared by the eight-star Fighting Immortal level powerhouse.

And the powerhouses of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal level, even among the extraterritorial evil clan, only have a very small number of emperor-level, and the rest are the most terrifying and mysterious king-level extraterritorial evil clan.

"Weng buzzing!" After the breath, the holy flame in Xiao Yan's body erupted with a dazzling defensive aura, but the demon cube in Xiao Yan's body was as if he had found an evenly matched opponent. The unruly strange breath, as if preparing to compete with these evil forces!

"There are two kings of evil races from outside the realm." The spirit of the demon book transformed into a furry white mouse, hovering over Xiao Yan's shoulders, and laughed.

The laughter was elegant, but it caused a storm in Xiao Yan's heart.

"The two kings of the evil race from outside the territory?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank suddenly, and he lost his voice.

"Well... if no one uses the sealed flower, they should still be two kings with the title of White King." The white mouse opened his mouth softly, as if he was telling something very inconspicuous.

"The two white kings?" At this moment, Xiao Yan's mind was spinning rapidly, his brows were furrowed, and even his fists were involuntarily clenched.

The strongest among the alien races is called "king", and in the "king" level, there are three levels.

The most basic "king".

"Black King!"

"White King!"

"And the Red King!"

Two white kings, what does this mean?

This means that the two kings of the evil clan in this evil cliff have the lowest strength of the eight-star fighting immortals!

Moreover, the power and means possessed by being able to become the white king among the evil tribes outside the territory will definitely not be weaker than any of the eight-star fighting immortals in the demon world!

At this time, Xiao Yan couldn't help showing a wry smile on his face. At this time, he also understood that it was no wonder that the demon world was ranked second in the world.

However, no matter what kind of Longtan Tiger's Den here is, you must go through it!