Chapter Vol 4 1480: The trace of Xiao Gui!

"Wow!" And as Xiao Yan and the others entered the ruins first, the people in the dead silent valley also struggled to fight against the Earth Spirit Blood General. Although it took a lot of time and effort, fortunately they also temporarily defeated the Earth Spirit Blood General and entered the among the remains.

It's just that although he defeated the Earth Spirit Blood General, because of the extremely mysterious armor on his body, everyone did not completely obliterate this flirt. Since the ruins of the Heavenly King's Treasure were just around the corner, Xiao Yan and the others entered it first, so it was only slightly set. The power of some seals suppressed the spirit blood generals, so they rushed to the ruins without stopping.

"Hey, the spirit blood general here doesn't seem to have fallen..." Above a valley, Xiao Gui's figure slowly emerged.

I don't know why, just now Xiao Yan used the space shuttle handprint to bring everyone into the ruins of the Tianwangzang, Xiao Gui's body actually penetrated the power of space directly, and thus stayed in the dead silent valley, even Xiao Yan and a few others, He didn't realize it for a while, as if Xiao Gui had a treasure capable of isolating the power of space.

At this time, as many powerhouses joined forces to defeat the Earth Spirit Blood General and enter the ruins, Xiao Gui also discovered that the Earth Spirit Blood General, who was already dying, seemed to be doing something.

"Forget it, since Big Brother and the others have been in the ruins for a long time, let me see what the spirit blood will do here..."

"And there seems to be an ethereal voice in my body talking, telling me to follow this place's spirit blood general...Is it an illusion?" Xiao Gui hid his figure very well, and suddenly frowned, there was a trace of strange power in his body. , even he doesn't know what it is.

"Weng Om Om!" At this time, it was quite quiet in the dead silent valley, but above the ground, the gray-faced Earth Spirit Blood looked gloomily around.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the remaining seal was easily shattered away.

"These **** humans..."

"I didn't expect it to be so tyrannical. It seems that I have to find a way to tell the Demon Empress and prepare early." After saying that, the Earth Spirit Blood will hurriedly get up and try to go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison.

"Weng Om!" In an instant, a cloud of extremely dark black mist suddenly appeared beside the Earth Spirit Blood General, and the Earth Spirit Blood General immediately became vigilant. This dark aura was filled with monstrous evil, and it was faintly let out. His four-star fighting immortals are all afraid.

"Hehe, isn't this the Earth Spirit Blood General?"

"How did you end up so embarrassed?" After a while, in the black mist, it instantly turned into a black-robed figure, and said in a strange voice.

" Who are you

"Weng buzzing!" The black robe figure didn't say much, but the strange black energy squirmed, like a demonic energy, and it was extremely gloomy.

"I'm here this time to cooperate with you." After a while, the figure in black robe opened his mouth.

"cooperate?"

"Shameless human beings are also worthy to cooperate with our foreign evil race?" After hearing the words of the Earth Spirit Blood General, the blue-faced fangs couldn't help but let out a hint of sarcasm.

"The dignified spirit blood general will also be disgraced by some three-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouses, really..." The figure in black robe disapproved and said with a smile.

"You're courting death!" As soon as the voice fell, the spirit blood burst out of the body, and the sharp breath was like a swirl of shock, shooting away at the black-robed figure.

"Bang bang bang!" The seemingly ferocious blow was easily avoided by the figure in the black robe, but the gloomy black energy in the sky made one's heart sink.

"Soul Palace?" After a while, the Earth Spirit Blood General also regained some sanity and wondered.

"I'm the Sixth Soul Venerable of the Soul Palace, and I want to have a cooperation with him." At that time, the black-robed figure slowly opened his mouth and said.

"Soul Hall Six Soul Hall Venerable?" Xiao Gui, who was hiding in the dark, couldn't help frowning when he heard the words.

Xiao Yan told himself that the power of the Soul Palace is extremely mysterious. According to what I have learned so far, the Twelve Soul Venerables and the Five Soul Guards are the backbone of the Soul Palace.

"This guy, what does he want to do when he seeks the cooperation of the Earth Spirit Blood General?"

"This guy's strength is a complete three-star fighting immortal, and he should have some great means on his body. That kind of fierce aura is far from being comparable to a three-star fighting immortal, and the strength of this spirit blood general is also a four-star fighting immortal. If they join forces , I'm afraid..." Xiao Gui shook his head secretly.

"Soul Palace Six Soul Venerable... What is your so-called cooperation?" After a while, the Earth Spirit Blood will speak. After all, although the Soul Palace does not belong to the foreign evil clan, the Soul Palace is also doing the same as the foreign evil clan. The difference is that one is in the dark and the other is in the light, so cooperation is not a must.

"Your strength should be in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian. Although you have absorbed the fighting spirit of many strong people before, there is still a long way to go back to the peak."

"However, I can help you recover to the peak." Soul Palace Six Soul Venerable said with a smile.

"What's the price?" The earth spirit blood general with green face and fangs also knows that there is no free lunch in the world, and the powerhouses of the Soul Palace are always cautious.

"There is no price, but among the four continents powerhouses who entered the trial this time, there are many powerful guys. I hope that after you obliterate or control them, you can give me the origin of the soul." Soul Hall Six Soul Venerable Said deal. "After a short while, the Earth Spirit Blood General also agreed.

"If that's the case, let's gather at the Demon Suppression Prison Center first. It will take a lot of tricks to get you back to your peak."

"Lord Demon Empress, when I return to the peak, I will definitely go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison to rescue you!" Seeing the disappearance of the six soul statues in the Soul Palace, the Earth Spirit Blood General also murmured, and there was a piety in his voice. I mean, the so-called Demon Empress of Poison Braces is of extraordinary significance to them.

"Hey, what an idiot!"

"The four guys from the Hidden Soul Society have entered the ruins to prevent everyone from obtaining the ruins of the Tianwangzang, but just working with them is not enough to make this operation a success."

"Earth Spirit Blood General, although your strength is extraordinary, but you are brave and reckless. After I restore your strength to the peak, the Savior is eager to go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison to save the Poison Demon Queen, and then the four continents will be saved. The strong will also take action to intercept."

"The strength in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian may also be enough to destroy some seals in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. By then, the power of the seal will be weakened. In addition to the existence of the 'that thing' in my hand, the Poison Temple Demon Empress, why won't you fall into me? in hand!"

"The world only knows that the powerhouses of my Soul Palace collect soul power, but they don't know that it is only one part of our thousand-year plan."

"Susu!" As they left, the voices of the Six Souls of the Soul Palace were gloomy and evil, floating in the sky, but behind the two of them, Xiao Gui's figure slowly followed.

As for Xiao Gui, there was also an extremely eerie black aura emerging, but within this black energy, it seemed to be extremely sacred, as if the Supreme Being had left behind, and the breath that passed through turned out to have caused countless evil auras to retreat one after another.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: