Chapter 537: News of the Holy Flame?

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan opened his mouth, but felt a little unhappy in his heart.

He tried his best to help the three-headed water snake, how many of them actually treated him like this?

Fortunately, I kept my hand!

"In this matter, the most important thing is to look at her!" Snake Xing also seemed to notice that Xiao Yan's brows were wrinkled, and the atmosphere was not right, so he spoke.

"Cough, cough..." The snake spirit strolled slightly over the water surface of the lake, and then coughed slightly.

It's just strange that this snake spirit walked over the water surface of the lake without causing any ripples, as if it was one with the water.

"Let me tell you, these years have brought you a lot of inconvenience. Brother Snake, you should rest well." Snake Lingwei apologized slightly for Snake Punishment.

Over the years, although the snake spirit has tried its best to help the snake torture suppress the evil power in the body, but eventually, sometimes this evil power will spread out!

And on separation, the snake spirit is also half-understood, so it has been delayed until now!

"Well, speak up if you need to." After the snake torture finished, he closed his eyes and rested. Obviously, he has just recovered the real three-headed water snake, and his body is a little weak.

"Aren't you kidding me?" Xiao Yan didn't care about the snake spirit's tone, but spoke directly.

"Xiao Yan, there is one thing you must know, this place is just the periphery of the mansion, not the real mansion."

"In a sense, we should be regarded as the guardians of this mansion." The snake spirit said slightly.

Xiao Yan closed his eyes when he heard the words.

"I know you have done a lot to help Brother Snake, but... I seem to feel some familiar fluctuations in your body."

"If I expected it well, the exercises you cultivate should be able to devour flames and evolve, right?" The next moment, the snake spirit's delicate pupils stared at Xiao Yan, as if they had seen Xiao Yan through!

"What?" The next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly opened his eyes, and an unbelievable feeling spread throughout his body!

Although this snake spirit and the comatose snake jade have a strange life experience, this snake spirit actually feels the burning determination in his body!

This is extremely appalling!

"You?" Xiao Yan said, and then looked at the snake spirit slightly strangely!

At this time, the snake spirit came to the pavilion with light steps and met Xiao Yan's eyes.

"Looks like I guessed right."

"But you don't have to worry, I was able to guess it for some special reasons before." Seeing this, the snake spirit was slightly overjoyed.

The reason why the Snake Spirit was able to discover Xiao Yan's body was because Xiao Yan used the flames that were fused with twenty-three kinds of different fires to deal with the Gorefiend!

Moreover, there are some secrets on the snake spirit's body, so adding some speculations about the snake spirit, it is vaguely guessed that Xiao Yan's exercises.

"Tell me, what is your purpose?" Xiao Yan said calmly, but there was a murderous aura in his body.

If this snake spirit really knows something, even if the snake spirit is comparable to a seven-star fighting emperor, it can't be spared!

Fen Jue is Xiao Yan's greatest proof!

"Take me out, I'll take you to the mansion... Get the flame here!" The snake spirit said slightly.

"The mansion?"

"Flame?" Xiao Yan was confused when he heard the words, obviously he didn't know what the snake spirit was talking about!

"Although I don't know why, I vaguely feel that there is a flame in the depths of this mansion, and that flame is many times stronger than your flame..." Snake Spirit said slightly.

"What?" Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly upon hearing this!

It can be more powerful than this fusion of twenty-three different fire powers... I am afraid there is only one in this world!

Holy flame!

Since Xiao Yan came to Dou Di Continent, he has been searching for Sheng Yan, but the trace of Sheng Yan is too hard to find!

There may be a sacred flame in the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family, but the security of the Xuanling royal family is too strict, and with Xiao Yan's current strength, he can't eat it.

"Why should I trust you?" Xiao Yan regained his calm after being surprised for a while.

Obviously, even if there is a holy flame here, I am afraid that this desert mountain range will not be so silent.

"This desert mountain range is restricted by a certain power, so ordinary powerhouses can't sense the existence of flames... Even the powerhouses of Fighting Immortals are no exception. I only have some connections with this mansion, so I faintly You can feel some." Snake Spirit saw Xiao Yan's concerns, and then spoke slightly.

"Tell me, what do you need me for?" Xiao Yan felt a little joy in his heart when he heard this, but he didn't show it, but said calmly.

"I can't remember some of my memory, but if you want to enter the mansion, you must first wake up the snake jade!" The snake spirit echoed hard.

"This person has no life and seems to be in the state of a living dead. It must have been many years. How can I wake her up?" Xiao Yan said in a puzzled way. Obviously, the huge soul force has already given the comatose snake jade's body state. Investigated.

"I don't know." Snake Spirit heard the words and said neatly.

"You!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, just as he was about to scold the snake spirit angrily, the snake torture beside him was teasing himself and suddenly said.

"Little brother Xiao Yan, don't panic, I have my own way." Snake opened his eyes, and then said to Xiao Yan, after speaking, he slowly laughed.

"What can I do?" Xiao Yan hurriedly asked.

"The solution is in the depths of this lake." Snake stood up, glanced under the lake, and said deeply.

"There are ghosts and monsters in this lake, but it doesn't seem to have the power to wake the snake jade, right?" Xiao Yan said slightly, for this lake, Xiao Yan's soul power and spiritual power were all isolated, so it is still the same for this lake. There is a weird feeling!

"In the depths of this lake, in addition to the blood of the three-headed water spirit snake, there is another thing. I think that thing should be the key to awakening this woman..." Snake Xing Zaidu said.

"Then why don't you take it?" Xiao Yan asked, with such a temperament, how could he let good things not be taken.

"I think so too, but that thing is too mysterious, I don't even have the qualifications to enter the depths of the lake let alone take the sky." Snake Xing helplessly smiled bitterly.

"Then how can you be sure that that thing is the key to the awakening of the snake jade?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively, obviously not only Long Yi had said that there seemed to be some treasure under this hubo, and out of intuition, Xiao Yan felt the same way about it. There are some perceptions, and now adding the news of a few people punished by snakes, it can be basically confirmed.

"That thing is very peculiar. I think it was also left by the owner of this mansion." The snake spirit said.

"Go down and have a look?" Snake said, then looked at Xiao Yan.

"Let's go, I want to see where this is sacred!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he and the Snake Spirit fell into the lake and headed for the depths of the lake.

"The Gorefiend has actually disappeared?" A startled roar came slowly, as shocking as the sky-shattering thunder, making one's scalp tingle!

Here, it is the topmost position of the entire desert mountain range!

The location where the hand of the sky exists!

Under the huge rock palm that was photographed against the sky, a purple-gold figure slowly made a sound. The sound was like a peerless beast, which made people unable to calm down for a long time!

"No matter who it is, who dares to touch the evil clan outside our territory, you will have to die!" After the purple-gold figure finished speaking, his smile became extremely ferocious, and his eyes slowly stared at the throne beside him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Above the huge throne, there seems to be something looming, that aura is like the king of heaven and earth, extremely domineering!

Ask for tickets!