Chapter 518: Emperor Grade 7 Warcraft, Frozen Tianhu!

"Xiao Yi, can you be sure what kind of monster this is?" Xiao Yan floated in the sky and said to Xiao Yi.

"It's not certain yet, but looking at the fluctuations in this creature, one thing is certain, the lowest level of this beast is also the sixth-rank emperor!" Xiao Yi said with great interest.

Although the behemoth in front of him has an extremely huge body, Xiao Yi is not afraid, because Xiao Yi is a fire elf, and Xiao Yi's current strength is that of an eight-star fighting emperor!

The body in front of him is close to 100 meters, but at best, in Xiao Yi's eyes, it does not pose a threat.

"A monster at the sixth rank of the emperor?" The next moment, Mu Feng next to Xiao Yi spoke, and there was a hint of hesitation in his voice.

The emperor-level monsters are already comparable to the level of human fighting emperors. From the first to tenth rank of emperors, each level can be equal to the level of human fighting emperors!

A sixth-grade monster of the emperor rank is comparable to a human six-star fighting emperor!

Six-star Dou Di is a watershed among Dou Di. Countless geniuses of heaven are stuck here, and they will never be able to cross it in their entire lives.

The reason why it is said that the Six-Star Dou Emperor is the watershed of the Dou Emperor is because every human being promoted to the Six-Star Dou Emperor needs to undergo the baptism of Heavenly Tribulation!

The baptism of this catastrophe is extremely terrifying. If you are not careful, you may fall directly!

But as long as you stick to the past, you will find some wonderful changes in the Dou Qi in your body. Although that kind of change is not comparable to the power of life and death of a strong Dou Xian, the Dou Qi after the baptism of the Six Star Dou Emperor Heavenly Tribulation is better than before the Six Star Dou Emperor. Undoubtedly much stronger!

This is also the reason why Zhu Lao let Xiao Yan and the others soak in the Xuanling Emperor Pond!

The magical effect of the Xuanling Emperor Pond may not be manifested in normal times, but only when they are promoted to the six-star Dou Emperor, the energy absorbed by Xiao Yan and the others in the Xuanling Emperor Pond will be manifested!

Moreover, it is said that there are some detailed divisions of the Heavenly Tribulation of the Six-Star Dou Emperor.

"It's comparable to a human 6-star Dou-Emperor level of Warcraft. It's a little tricky." Mu Feng said slightly. Except for Xiao Yi's strength, most of the others were in the early and middle stages of the 5-star Dou-Emperor. A magical beast that is comparable to a human six-star Dou Di is still quite difficult.

"How's it going?" Xiao Yan smiled indifferently, and a coercion that was not afraid of it instantly permeated out!

"You can give it a try." Mu Yingying seemed to understand Xiao Yan's meaning, and then her lips curved into a charming arc.

"Yes!" The next moment, Mu Feng and Lvdi spoke directly.

"I'll come too!" Of course Xiao Yi wouldn't let go of the excitement, she spoke directly, ready to start.

"You don't need it, the four of us are enough for this sixth-rank demon beast."

"You are responsible for alerting us."

"It's just right, I haven't been active for a long time, and I forgot the feeling of fighting." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and his whole body burst into flames.

"Go!"

"First try to see the attributes and strength of this monster." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he launched the attack first!

The figure exploded, and with the help of the high temperature of the flame, the surrounding space became extremely hot.

"Shabu!" The terrifying speed was accompanied by the sound of breaking wind, and the flame power in Xiao Yan's body flickered directly!

The next moment, when Xiao Yan's figure appeared, he was already directly above the huge creature's body!

"Eat my palm!" With a loud shout, Xiao Yan's hand, the flame condensed on the fist, suddenly swung down at the huge creature below!

"Cricket!" A strange voice suddenly sounded, and then Xiao Yi saw that the huge creature's body suddenly trembled, and then cleverly avoided Xiao Yan's attack.

"How could it be..." Xiao Yan also discovered this strange thing, and immediately said, the flames all over his body kept beating, like a furnace that never goes out!

"Bangka!" A loud voice continued to sound, and then the huge creature's body shook!

"Boom boom boom!" The soil trees on the backs of the huge creatures fell instantly, making this space dusty!

"Retreat first!" After a brief hesitation, Xiao Yan gave up the attack, stood side by side with Mu Yingying and the others, and then looked at this huge creature.

As the forest covering the huge creature fell off, the creature also revealed its true colors!

From a distance, this is a fierce beast with strong limbs. The snow-white fluff looks quite supple, but on the fluff, a trace of ice flakes emerges, and the cold spreads out immediately!

Looking at the head of the huge creature, a terrifying aura permeated!

On the forehead of the huge creature, there was a capital letter king, and the pupils were amber, which was quite supernatural.

With the breeze blowing, the fluff of this huge creature swayed faintly!

The next moment, the temperature in this space dropped suddenly!

"What the **** is this..." Mu Yingying said in surprise, obviously shocked by this behemoth!

The snow-white fluff and amber pupils filled with a domineering terrifying aura, and the coldness emanating from her body made Mu Yingying tremble slightly!

"This creature seems to be of the ice attribute." Mu Feng also said in surprise.

Obviously, the monsters of the imperial rank already possess extremely high intelligence, and most of them live in groups, so this has created the scarcity of monsters and blood essence of the monsters above the imperial rank!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

After all, the strength of each emperor-level monster may not be terrible, but a large group of emperor-level monsters gathered together may be enough to make many people stay away!

However, in some of the ruins, the beasts exist alone, so Xiao Yan is not worried.

"Originally, I felt We just entered the desert mountain range, and I vaguely felt some extremely obscure and powerful aura, but in this small mountain forest, there is no one. breath……"

"It turns out that we are actually on the back of the beast!" Xiao Yan stared at the huge creature in front of him, and then said slowly.

"Sure enough." The next moment, Mu Yingying noticed it and said immediately.

"This beast is white all over, and I am afraid that in this desert mountain range, it is also the existence of the overlord of the land."

"I just don't know what kind of beast it is." Green flute said, and then a toxin faintly appeared on his body, always ready to deal with the sudden attack of the beast.

"It turned out to be an ice-marked Tianhu!" Xiao Yan looked at it for a while, and immediately discovered the true face of this beast!

Natural overlord, snow-white fluff!

Ice attribute!

"I didn't expect that luck would be so good, I just came in and encountered an ice-type monster!"

"I just don't know what class this monster is." Xiao Yan murmured, and a sense of excitement hit!

As long as he obtains the magic core and blood essence of the ice-attribute beast, Xiao Yan can refine Xu Shengdan, and in cooperation with the other two, Xiao Yan has the capital to refine the holy flame!

"This monster must be killed no matter what!" Xiao Yan said suddenly, and a murderous aura emerged on this hill!

"Who disturbed this emperor's sleep?" A voice with dissatisfaction suddenly came from the mouth of the ice-marked tiger!

Ask for tickets!