Chapter Vol 4 1964: The top of the mountain, the mysterious black stone!

"Hush!" Just after Xiao Yan's extremely arrogant voice fell, the ancient ruler with as many as five-color flames flashing on Xiao Yan's palm suddenly solidified, and threw it directly at the latter. The dazzling fire ruler, with its unparalleled suppressing power, roared away at Yan Lie!

"The power of the holy flame?" Yan Lie's expression of victory was extremely solemn at this moment, because all the flame fighting qi in his body was trembling at this moment, and he clearly smelled a flame above the giant ruler. An appalling terrifying repressive breath!

"Weng hum!" Without waiting for Yan Lie to have any power to react, the gorgeous flame giant ruler suddenly completely froze the space where the former was located, and even the flames of different colors separated from the ruler shadow and formed immediately. A mysterious five-pointed star completely isolated Yan Lie's body from the domain.

For a time, the power in Yan Lie's body was like a deflated balloon, rapidly weakening, and even with the prestige of the holy pattern on the ancient ruler, Yan Lie's breath became disordered.

"I have to say that the strength you have shown now is comparable to the title of the descendants of the Xiao family, but your opponent...is me!"

"Huang Yan roars!" Seeing Xiao Yan's bizarre attack, Yan Lie sneered coldly, a grudge swept out of his body uncontrollably.

"Suppress me!" Xiao Yan ignored it and sneered.

No matter how strong Yan Lie is, he has the body of "immortality", but in the face of Xiao Yangen's suppression of the ancient ruler and the prestige of Sheng Yan, he can only be defeated.

After taking a good breath, Xiao Yan's vindictive qi was vented, and the five-colored five-pointed star fire array devoured the last trace of strength in Yan Lie's body. When the vindictive qi in Yanlie's body was about to start to recover, accompanied by Chi Ying's energy, unexpectedly abruptly. Completely suppress the flames.

"How could it be possible..." Yan Lie only felt that the power in his body was rapidly weakening, and he even lost control of the domain. Because of his "immortal" body, Yan Lie was not afraid, but now he was suppressed by Xiao Yan. , was quite resentful for a while.

"I'm not interested in wasting time with you." Xiao Yan coldly threw out a sentence, with the ancient ruler on his back again, and with a wave of his hand, the enchantment domain was torn apart by him, and he walked away to the outside world.

"Boom!" With a sound, Xiao Yan's figure instantly left here and appeared on the stairs leading to the top of the mountain.

"Crash!" At this time, the attacks of Mo Ze and Yan Ling caused countless scorching energy ripples in the middle of the mountain. Both of them had some large and small scars on their bodies. of intractable.

"How is that possible?" Seeing Xiao Yan appear, Yan Ling immediately hesitated and said, how could Yan Lie's strength be equal to his own, how could it be possible to lose to Xiao Yan?

"Little brother, I will trouble you from above." Seeing that Xiao Yan's figure was unscathed, Mo Ze couldn't help but rejoice.

Although I don't know the exact strength of this guy, but being able to subdue Yan Lie in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, coupled with the fact that he has a close relationship with Su Xueying, naturally won Mo Ze's trust.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded, and immediately without hesitation, the fire technique was deployed, and the Fire Guard Lord floated extremely concealed outside him.

"Where to go!" Seeing this, Yan Ling snorted coldly, his speed skyrocketed, and he walked away with a chill towards Xiao Yan.

"Your opponent is me!"

"Accept!"

...

At the same time, at the top of the mountain, at the location of the Mother's Hall, a battle slowly started.

Going up the jade stairs, at the top, this is the place where the guardians live with the highest level, and it is also a special area that is listed as a forbidden place by these guardians. The whole here presents a huge square, surrounded by countless mists, like a fairyland on earth. Generally, the ground of the square is filled with some strange Brahma stones. This kind of stone paves the ground of the whole square, but it is full of ancient and mysterious power.

In the center of the square is a very strange black stone, hanging high in it, and around this meteorite, there is an extremely tyrannical sealing formation, which completely seals its power.

As for the black stone in the deep seal formation, there is only a rather elegant house.

"Huhu... something that the guardian guards." After a while, Xu Shao stared at the black stone not far away, from above, even with the isolation of the sealing formation, he still smelled a A terrifying aura that surpassed the sky and the earth.

That kind of breath is by no means comparable to reincarnation!

And this is his ultimate goal!

In the ancient times, the Xiao Clan could be the real giants of the Great Thousand World. As for why the atmosphere with the Guardian is so weird, it is unknown. However, the secrets contained in this black stone may be enough to affect the safety of the entire Great Thousand World. !

"Whoa!"

Seemingly despised by that arrogant atmosphere, behind Xu Shao, the two dark red coffins exuded bursts of suffocating horror trembling.

"Who... dare to break into the Holy Land of our clan?" Just when Xu Shao looked like this, a voice came out.

That voice was like the awakening of a giant dragon that had been sleeping for a long time. The majestic aura contained in it instantly enveloped the entire Peak Plaza A tyrannical coercion that surpassed Xu Shao countless times. Since the sky fell, Xu Shao's body collapsed slightly, like an overlord standing in the sky examining mortals.

"What a terrifying breath..." Xu Shao saw this, but his gloomy eyes were staring at an elegant room not far away, and his face was shocked at first, and then ecstatic!

From the perspective of this terrifying oppression, I am afraid that this guy is the top leader of the Guardian, and his purpose can be perfectly achieved!

Once he steals what the guardian is guarding, how can the soul clan of the mere soul hall keep him, Xu Shao?

Moreover, Xu Shao always felt that the Soul Clan and Soul Palace did not seem to be so simple. He always felt that they were instructed by others, and they were just puppets of some strong people.

"Boom!" In front of Xu Shao, an old man with a pale complexion and a stooped figure slowly walked out of the elegant house, but when the old man appeared, countless breaths quietly crawled down in the entire square. , an indescribable silence swept out.

"Reincarnation..." Looking at the old man in front of him, Xu Shao's expression was extremely complicated. Even with the two coffins behind him as the last resort, he was still in a state of fear when facing these old men. emerged from the bottom of my heart.

This reincarnation is not another reincarnation!

"Hehe, how can the lackeys of the Soul Palace come to us so leisurely today?"

"You are not welcome here."

"Leave, I don't like killing, otherwise you will be destroyed today." The old man didn't lift his head, but with a pure white jade stick in his hand, he walked towards Xu Shao step by step. With monstrous oppression swept out, that kind of power is enough to easily wipe out any Eight Star Fighting Immortal.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: