Chapter Vol 4 2002: Seeing Gu Yuan, the peerless emperor!

"Gu... Uncle Gu Yuan!" When Xiao Yan heard this, he couldn't help kneeling suddenly, an unstoppable feeling of grief filled his heart, looking at the rather thin black shadow in front of him, his keen soul power Naturally, he noticed that he had been tortured here for a long time. If he hadn't been thinking about it, I'm afraid...

Xiao Yan believes that he is standing upright, not kneeling to heaven and earth, not to ghosts and gods, only his own child and adoptive mother, not to mention decades of searching and procrastinating, let Xiao Yan see Gu Yuan for the first time. Guilt emerges...

"Kid, baby, don't do this." Gu Yuan hurriedly tried to help Xiao Yan up, and then slowly said, he knew that these were not Xiao Yan's fault, and after coming to the ancient clan, he also vaguely He understood that Xiao Yan had too many things on his shoulders, and he needed time, which was one of the reasons why Xun'er would enter the Holy Land recklessly.

Xun'er is not only Xiao Yan's main house, but also a virtuous and dignified fairy. What she wants is to be able to accompany Xiao Yan to share his worries, not just a vase, which is actually nothing fancy.

"Father, I'm late, I made you suffer, I'm sorry for you." Xiao Yan insisted that he couldn't bear it, and said guiltily.

"I can't blame you for this. When the Five Emperors broke the sky, we didn't expect so many things to happen."

"After breaking the sky, with the guidance of the blood in our body, we entered Douyun Continent by accident, and were taken in by the ancients, and because Xun'er was carrying a different fire, the strange fire seemed to be the inheritance of the ancients. They have a close relationship, so they were recruited by the peerless Heavenly Emperor of the ancient clan and cultivated with painstaking care." As Gu Yuan spoke, his voice was filled with a chilling air, which made Xiao Yan's expression quite moved.

"Where is Xun'er now?" After a while, with Gu Yuan's strong support, Xiao Yan got up and opened his mouth tremblingly, his mind filled with the slender figure of the light and graceful figure.

This is Xiao Yan's last reliance. If Xun'er made any mistakes among the ancients, Xiao Yan wouldn't mind completely igniting the power of holy flame and demons here. The two terrifying powers are enough to turn half of the evil things here into dust.

"Don't worry, Xun'er has been in the ancient sacred place for a long time when the ancient clan was in chaos." Gu Yuan saw the worry in Xiao Yan's eyes and comforted, but even so, Gu Yuan Yuan's expression was also not very good, and he seemed to be worried about something.

"Ancient sacred place?" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard the words. This kind of place requires three keys to open the door of the forbidden land and enter it. Now he doesn't have the time, so he can only target Xun'er's teacher. On the Peerless God.

"This time?" Gu Yuan couldn't help asking when he saw Xiao Yan single-handedly. He knew too well the tyranny of this alien race that controlled their ancient clan. That tyranny was definitely not something that Xiao Yan could contend against alone. of.

"I'll pick you and Xun'er home." Xiao Yan smiled softly.

"But here..." Gu Yuan also shook his head slowly when he heard the words. Because of his special status, and the evil race from outside the territory tried to control Xun'er with himself, he had been kind to himself during the years of being imprisoned and sealed.

It can be said without hesitation that, except for Gu Yuan and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor, on the first floor of the ancient prison, all the other figures are soul bodies, but these two are real bodies. The evil powerhouses did not embarrass them, but set up heavy seals to suppress them here.

"Dad, don't worry."

"I'll save you first, and then go to find the peerless Heavenly Emperor senior, but I may have to enter the forbidden area afterward." Xiao Yan nodded.

"Okay, but be careful, the seal here is..."

"Crack!" Before Gu Yuan's voice could fall, the layers of dark evil enchantment around him slowly vanished like steam and disappeared here.

"You stinky boy." Gu Yuan nodded in relief.

"Let's go here, the peerless Heavenly Emperor is on the opposite side." The two carefully left the cell and immediately walked to the other side.

"Pfft!" Xiao Yan looked inside, but there was nothing there, and the structure of this cell was quite similar to the one where Gu Yuan lived, but the aura here gave Xiao Yan an extremely severe pressure.

"Go in." Xiao Yan looked around, and there were no figures or evil auras appearing, and the two were immediately submerged in the cell of the Peerless Heavenly Emperor.

This guy's cell is already very close to the Senluo **** below, so it looks particularly gloomy.

"Senior." After the breath, the two had just stepped into the cell, Gu Yuan held Xiao Yan to stop, and then Gu Yuan shouted at the empty wooden table in front of him.

"Gu... Gu Yuan?" After a while, a rather surprised voice emerged, and a dark shadow slowly flickered on the wooden table, but the power fluctuations on this guy were extremely tyrannical, and there was even a wave around him. The extremely terrifying seal aura actually made Xiao Yan's breathing difficult.

"Senior, we are here to save you." Gu Yuan said excitedly with a smile on his face.

"How did you get out of trouble?" The Peerless Heavenly Emperor couldn't help asking, knowing that everything was due to Xiao Yan's credit.

"Senior, let me help you get out of trouble, but I hope you will give me the key to enter the Holy Land."

"Because I'm Xun'er's husband." Xiao Yan said calmly, but the breath in his body slowly flickered, and a faint breath emerged.

"So that's the case..." Seeing the extremely faint aura circling above Xiao Yan's head, Peerless Heavenly Emperor squinted his eyes and nodded.

Originally, the foreign evil clan used these tricks, but unfortunately they were all seen through. Xiao Yan's actions undoubtedly proved his identity.

"In the late stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, Sheng Yan, although it is good, it is not enough for that girl to like..." Just when Xiao Yan was trying to break the seal Peerless Heavenly Emperor was staring at Xiao Yan. After looking at it carefully, he muttered, obviously there is a sense of guarding for his apprentice.

"Bang bang bang!" The chains that were engraved with countless evil patterns vibrated violently, but in the end they couldn't withstand Xiao Yan's baking and were completely defeated.

"Successful." Xiao Yan was sweating profusely, he couldn't help but wipe the sweat, and the dazzling fighting spirit was sent to Gu Yuan and the Peerless Heavenly Emperor at the same time.

The two of them have been sealed for decades, and the vindictiveness in their bodies has long been swallowed up. Now it can be described as a huge container, but there is no trace of vindictiveness inside.

"Five Star Fighting Immortals?"

"Eight-star fighting immortals?" The two sat cross-legged, trying to absorb Xiao Yan's fighting spirit, and Xiao Yan immediately sensed the aura of the two.

Gu Yuan's aura has clearly reached the rare early stage of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal, and the aura of the Peerless Heavenly Emperor has reached the rare late stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal?

"Hee hee, my little brother is quite courageous. He actually dares to hijack the two important characters who have personally suppressed the seal." Just as the three of them sat quietly in this cell, a cloud of blood rolled violently, and an enchanting Evil and charming shadows, accompanied by blood snakes, emerged from the ground of Langfang.

That kind of aura, that level of evil, I am afraid it is the real leader who controls this ancient prison!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: