Chapter Vol 4 2237: Repair Holy Flame and Repair Artifact!

"Senior?"

Seeing Goddess Yao Ji's indecisive look, Xiao Yan said softly, already making up his mind.

According to Xiao Yan's huge soul power, it is naturally not difficult to detect the source of the weak holy flame in front of him. This method can only be repaired by using holy flame as a guide.

However, the four semi-sacred flames in Xiao Yan's body are likely to be lost. The palms and backs of the hands are full of flesh.

"No, if it goes on like this, it will probably take decades to restore its origin, and it will also require you to use the holy flame to nourish it."

A rare heaviness flashed in Yaoji's beautiful eyes, looking at the purple flame elk that had returned to normal and said.

"Your Majesty, I am willing to take out the source of the ethereal ice and holy flame, which only has half of the source in my body, and repair it."

Xiao Yan nodded heavily. On the palm of his hand, a pool of blue flames burned violently, and there was actually a liquid-like liquid inside.

"This is the seed of witchcraft, remember to be nice to others, it's not easy for Shengyan to transform into a human being, so I can't tell who she is..."

"Ugh."

Seeing this, Yao Ji let out a faint sigh, and then she couldn't say much more. She twirled her slender hand and handed Xiao Yan a purple fire seed, then controlled the blue flame and approached the purple flame.

In the purple fire, there is no power of flame, on the contrary, there is an invasion of the ancient power between heaven and earth. I am afraid this is some feedback from Yaoji Goddess to Mu Yingying.

"Yep!"

Xiao Yan nodded heavily and accepted the purple fire seeds, but because he had just taken out half of the source of holy flame, the aura in his body became extremely chaotic.

"Wong buzzing!"

Under the burning of the four types of flames, the blue flame sank directly into the horns of the elk, and the purple flame that flickered suddenly was as bright as a bright moon!

The ancient aura swept out, but the blue flame was eaten away bit by bit, and the purple flame also became a purple awn, and a solemn aura of all things crawling emerged.

"All right."

"I'm afraid it will take some time, just a few days."

"In a few days, Wulu Zilingyan will completely return to its nascent state."

After doing all this, Yaoji's body became extremely transparent, and she leaned back gently. Obviously, these actions consumed most of the strength of her left body.

"This elk is the witch deer that was born with me at the beginning. Even if you absorb the holy flame, it will not completely dissipate. Although it has no attack power, in some poisonous places, you summon it and kill it. Come out, with the protection of antlers, you will be safe and sound."

"I'll leave the rest to you."

At this moment, it seems that everything has been done, Yao Ji suddenly looked at Ziyan Elk with a doting face and smiled.

This kind of home is not bad.

"Well, this junior thanks Yao Ji, Your Majesty."

Xiao Yan nodded, extremely happy.

"Everlasting Ruler and Emperor Flame Ring are the representatives of the Holy King, but with the current you, you still can't use their full strength, so you don't need to worry about being recognized by other powerhouses."

Yao Ji explained to Xiao Yan.

"By the way, Your Majesty, what is the repair method for this ancient divine weapon?"

Seeing that Wulu Zilingyan slowly recovered, and would be able to return to its full posture in a few days, Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask.

The Everlasting Ruler can be repaired into a God-killing ruler, and that kind of power can be punished by heaven and earth, but how to repair it, I am still at a loss.

"The repair of artifacts requires special power."

"In addition to the basic sub-professions such as alchemist and battle formation master, there is also a special profession that has been forgotten for countless times over the long years, the caster."

Yao Ji patiently explained to Xiao Yan, it seems that apart from pinch flowers, Xiao Yan's other temperaments are deeply loved by her.

"The caster?"

Xiao Yan looked at Yao Ji's majesty suspiciously, as if there was something in her words.

"Although there are casters in Daqian World today, they put the cart before the horse."

When Yaoji said this, there was a slight seriousness in the corner of her eyes.

"The caster in ancient times, its occupation and purpose was not to cast, but to repair!"

"Since ancient times, the birth of an artifact requires the blessing of enormous power laws and opportunities, and so on.

"Behind every artifact, there are many sad stories that are hard to remember."

"However, after countless years of inheritance of the divine artifact, the damage was too great due to the slaughter of enemies, battles, age corrosion, etc., and the forgers came into being. love."

"So, if you want to complete the first step of repairing your current Eternal Ruler, you need to find a caster, and it must be a caster handed down from ancient times. After all, today's casters don't have any Humans can repair artifacts."

"As for the specific route, you still need to explore on your own."

After Yaoji finished speaking, she opened her mouth still, because this era was too far away from theirs, and she couldn't tell whether the casters of these ancient times were still alive.

"I'm afraid it's extremely difficult to find a caster who masters the art of repairing artifacts."

"What if you can't find it?"

Xiao Yan asked tremblingly, there was always a bad delusion.

For something like what Her Majesty Yaoji said, I am afraid that the hope of finding it now is too slim.

"In that case, I'm afraid I can only wait for the Holy King to solve it himself."

"But the ancient ruler in your hand has become a piece of broken copper and iron."

Yaoji shook her head, obviously she was also worried about this problem, but unfortunately she has no way to deal with it now.

"You brat, like Sheng Yan, likes to mess around with flowers, but I think your blood is good. I hope to see you next time, you can grow up, and it's not a waste of our care."

When the voice fell, Yaoji's body suddenly became illusory, shattered and disappeared here in an instant, turning into a wisp of purple light, bathing in the warmth of every grass and tree here Congratulations, Your Majesty! "

Xiao Yan said respectfully, with a humble expression, clasped his fists and saluted.

"See you next time... I'm looking forward to it too!"

For some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that the next time we saw each other, I am afraid it would be the real transformation, the highlight of the Great Thousand World.

"Boom!"

The purple energy halo spread inside the Yaoji statue. It turned out to be centered on the Yaoji statue. It was like an energy ripple, and it spread gently throughout the entire elf lair.

"The breath of the goddess Yaoji..."

"These two guys are really the lucky stars of our fire elves."

The first elders and the others looked at this purple halo, and their hearts felt warm. The relationship between Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi was also rapidly heating up.

"Next, it's time to devour the holy flame..."

"Holy Flame, the tenth on the Holy Flame List, I hope this time, you can let me pass the Immortal Fighting Rank."

Xiao Yan clenched his fist tightly, then looked at the Ziyan Elk in front of him with extremely nervous eyes.

The purple flames have become more and more intense, and the purple elk behind him is screaming, as if roaring at Xiao Yan!

If you don't accept it at this time, when will you wait!

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: