Chapter Vol 4 978: Fight against the crowd on day 4

"Bastards!" Although Tianyu Tianyu underestimated the enemy, their strength was the real mid-stage Seven Star Dou Emperor and late stage Seven Star Dou Emperor. In Xiao Yan's hands, they couldn't hold it for a single round, and the two couldn't help cursing.

But if they knew the price of Xiao Yan's soul power, they probably wouldn't think it was a fluke.

"Let's go." The two cast a vicious glance at Xiao Yan before preparing to leave.

Xiao Yan had nothing to do about it. Although this place was already located in Xuehe Town, he still couldn't hurt anyone at will.

"We have it too."

"After finding Mu Yingying and the others, it's time to go back." Xiao Yan said softly.

"It seems that the Burning Incense Pavilion is about to rise this time..." Some other onlookers couldn't help but say, obviously Xiao Yan's actions just now shocked them.

And the white-haired old man who sold things to Xiao Yan just now muttered, "This little guy has the scent of Burning Incense Pavilion on his body, no wonder I'm so familiar."

"It seems that Zhu Jin and the others are here too, so I should go back to the round." After the white-haired old man finished speaking, he also got up secretly, preparing to follow Xiao Yan.

"Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan."

"It's not good." Just when Xiao Yan and the two were about to start, a slightly embarrassed figure ran towards Xiao Yan quickly, and the aura on his body was slightly unstable.

"Ling Xuan?"

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan just saw Ling Xuan, and immediately realized that something might have happened, and hurriedly asked.

"Sister Yingying, Sister Ying, she was entangled by guys from the Xuanling royal family." Ling Xuan said intermittently.

"Take me there!" Xiao Yan frowned when he heard this, and said directly without saying much.

"But that guy is the fourth among the Xuanling royal family's four-day congregation, and the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor is perfect."

"No, let's hurry up and ask Uncle Zhu Jin for help." Ling Xuan said with great worry in her heart.

"With me, let's go!" Xiao Yan didn't care, he said something, his eyes were full of chills.

"Let's go then!" Seeing the firm look on Xiao Yan's face, Ling Xuan didn't want to refuse, and took Xiao Yan to the other side of the busy city.

"Hey, little beauty."

"Why don't you go back with me obediently, so as not to be tortured."

"Otherwise, I'm a little reluctant to do something with such a delicate skin and tender meat." On the other side of the downtown area, Mu Yingying stood on a relatively open ground, her eyes fixed on the smiling man in front of her.

"Humph!"

"Dream!" Mu Yingying snorted coldly and said immediately.

"Then don't blame me for ruining the flowers!"

"Look at the move!" After Tian Xing finished speaking, his figure shook violently, and then a dazzling energy of life emerged, covering his body as much as possible, and then attacked Mu Yingying directly.

"Hey, there's a good show to watch now."

"These two people, one is the fourth star of the Xuanling Emperor's four-day congregation, and the other is the leader of the disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion's hall." There were many people in the crowd who liked to watch the fun, and they immediately exited.

"Is this incense-burning pavilion no matter what?"

"Such a beauty is no match for Tianxing."

"Tianxing is one of the powerhouses who participated in the sect competition on behalf of the Xuanling royal family last time, and now her strength has reached the perfect level of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. This beauty's strength is only in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, I am afraid she will suffer. ." Among them, there were some sharp-eyed people in the crowd, looking at the two in the field, and then spoke.

"It's so strong." Mu Yingying saw that Tian Xing did not use any fighting skills, but simply used the power of life to attack her, and immediately said something.

This Tianxing obviously wanted to take Mu Yingying as a warning to the monkeys, and give them a slap in the face of Burning Incense Pavilion. At this time, there was also a trace of eye-catching scars on Mu Yingying's right arm. These scars were just to help the spirit Xuan left and was caused by Tianxing.

"Bang bang bang!" Mu Yingying also opened her jade hand, and a dazzling beam of flame emerged, instantly focusing Tianxing's attack.

However, after a short while, the star in the sky skyrocketed, and immediately defeated Mu Yingying's attack.

And after Mu Yingying noticed it, her hair and eyes were rendered azure blue, and an indescribable terrifying aura slowly appeared.

"It's now." Tianxing seemed to have expected Mu Yingying to be like this, and then laughed, but in that hand, an extremely eerie **** hand, rendered in blood, suddenly shot out at Mu Yingying!

According to King Xuanling, if this Mu Yingying has changed her hair and pupils, she will be a holy flame. If she kills her, she will be able to obtain holy flames!

"Blood handprints!"

Above the **** hand, there is an extremely terrifying aura. I am afraid that under this blow, Mu Yingying will not die, but will also be seriously injured!

"Damn, it's too late!" Mu Yingying originally wanted to use her transformation to use the power of holy flame to repel Tian Xing, and she could leave, but how did she know that Tian Xing's feint just now was just to wait for the moment of her transformation. collapse.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Go to hell!" Tian Xing's figure rapidly enlarged in Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes, but Mu Yingying couldn't do anything at this time.

"Holy Flame Palm!" Just when Mu Yingying was helpless, an angry voice sounded slowly!

"Crash!" A khaki-yellow holy flame suddenly appeared, and immediately slammed into Tianxing's **** handprint. At that time, the attacks of the two were evenly matched and dissipated.

"Who?"

"How dare you meddle in the affairs of my Xuanling royal family?"

"Can't you find death?" Tian Xing was extremely unhappy when he saw that his attack was blocked, and looked closely at the man with heavy feet in front of him.

"Don't look for it."

"It's the one who took your life." Xiao Yan did not shy away and said directly.

"Sister Yingying, are you okay?" Ling Xuan couldn't help but ask softly, looking at the shocking and careful scar on Mu Yingying's right arm.

"It's alright." Mu Yingying saw Xiao Yan coming, and her azure hair and pupils changed to normal.

"We didn't cause trouble. We were just hanging out here when this guy attacked me. Just now, Sister Yingying was trying to cover my retreat, and this guy injured her right arm."

"Xiao Yan, you have to avenge us!" Ling Xuan's voice was full of grievances and said to Xiao Yan.

"Right arm, right?" Xiao Yan turned his head and asked Mu Yingying when he heard the words.

"En." Seeing Xiao Yan coming, Mu Yingying couldn't help feeling warm, as if he was there, she was not afraid of the sky falling.

"It's a very good scene, but in the early days of the Seven Stars Fighting Emperor, I took myself too seriously." Seeing that, Tianxing couldn't help laughing at Xiao Yan.

"Then I'll abolish his right arm." Xiao Yan said with a hearty smile, and as soon as the laughter fell, the entire bustling city seemed to freeze.

"Field?"

"How could it be possible..." Tian Xing, who was still laughing at Xiao Yan's self-control, suddenly realized something and was shocked!

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . . Mobile version reading website: m.