Chapter Vol 4 1531: Knot!

Just as Xiao Yan and others were climbing towards the sky-reaching stone steps, at the top of the sky-reaching stone steps, a statue of a **** slowly stood.

The statue is lifelike and has a pleasant demeanor. On its body, a mysterious power slowly lingers, it is the statue of the Lord of Li Soul! At this time, not far from the statue, several figures were slowly standing.

"Is the Black Corpse King in the Black Corpse and the ghosts on the three sides of Guiyuan Ridge?" After a short while, the figures of Tian Pluto and Zuo Mu also walked head-on.

"The guy from Yinhuntian... is it here too?" After a while, the corner of the so-called Black Corpse King's mouth wriggled slightly, and then said in a very contemptuous tone.

The black corpse king was enveloped by a black energy, but his steps were stiff, his body was blue, and his eyes were hollow. Looking closely, there seemed to be no anger on his body, just like dead ashes!

Behind the black corpse king is a man, his body exudes a violent aura like a soul beast. The man's sturdy muscles show the extraordinary strength of this guy, and even the strength of this guy, it turned out to be Reached the rare four-star fighting immortal level!

"Sir, why don't you let me go down and meet these so-called heaven's favorites..." At this time, the corners of the sturdy man's mouth couldn't help becoming hot. Although he was quite powerful, he was a soul and soul. Therefore, human blood has a fatal attraction to them.

"Hehe, no hurry." The Black Corpse King waved his hand gently and signaled to go down.

Immediately, the three-faced ghost beside him also smiled knowingly, and then there was a faint power of charm emerging between the eyebrows, and even the woman behind her had an extraordinary appearance and strength.

"Black Corpse King, three-faced ghost." After a while, Heavenly Pluto came directly to the two and smiled.

The black corpse king, the three-faced ghosts are the masters of one plane, and their strength has reached the peak of the six-star fighting immortal. As for the king of heaven, although the strength is slightly weaker than the two of them, but because of his human identity and ghost The peculiar nature of the sky has attracted the attention of the powerhouses in Li Soul Realm, so even the two of them would not dare to do anything to the King of Heaven.

"Heaven Pluto, I haven't seen you for a long time, I don't know how the master of the plane is?"

"And this kind of matter of transporting talents to Li Soul Territory must be done by the master of the plane. Your plane master of Yinhuntian is like this, but he is a bit incompetent." The black corpse king said casually, but the sarcasm in his voice But it was brilliantly performed.

"What the Black Corpse King said is very true, but the Lord of the Heavenly Plane of the Soul was sent to do other things by the powerhouses of Li Soul Domain, so this kind of trivial matter can only be done by me." The warning in the text is obvious.

"Everyone, stay safe and don't be impatient. When the powerhouses of Yinhuntian break through the stone steps to the sky, we might as well go directly to the Fourth Courtyard." At that time, the three-faced ghosts also slowly walked up to persuade them.

After a while, everyone also became quiet, but the violent figure of the black corpse queen, and the woman behind the three-faced ghost, all showed extraordinary strength, reaching the level of four-star fighting immortal.

Above the sky-high stone steps.

"Damn... These stone steps that reach the sky are really not easy." Xiao Yan stepped on the stone steps step by step, and it was like a huge boulder pressing on Xiao Yan's body, which made Xiao Yan's complexion change.

However, what made Xiao Yan even more strange was that as Xiao Yan advanced, the figure of Xiao Gui Duo Qifei who was beside him also slowly disappeared, as if this sky-reaching stone stair was only climbed by himself, a sense of desolation, spontaneously pregnancy!

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, Xiao Yan felt his center of gravity unsteady, and he was stunned, almost stumbled and fell!

At this time, Xiao Yan had already climbed halfway up the mountain, but at the end of the sky-reaching stone steps, there were even how many stone steps there were. No one knew. The strange power of space and the power of chaos, the number of stone steps varies from person to person.

Maybe it's endless, maybe it's just the few in front of you, and it's impossible to tell the specific situation.

"Hey!" Xiao Yan's eyes became blurred in an instant, and then a azure blue light shot out from the chest, and then this ray of light suddenly turned into a shadow with long blue hair, and Qianyingdai His eyes slowly stared at Xiao Yan, and a wave of resentment spread out.

Xiao Yan is already familiar with this beautiful image, it is Mu Yingying who has cultivated from holy flame to human being!

"Yingying..." Xiao Yan was carrying thousands of pounds of gravity, and he continued to advance on the stone steps. When he saw this shadowy figure who was thinking about the night, his mouth slowly closed and he lost his voice.

"Xiao Yan..." Zhan Lan Qianying's voice was like ten thousand years of ice, without any emotion, she said coldly.

"Yingying, are you okay?" Xiao Yan also resisted the urge in his heart and muttered slowly.

"Am I okay... don't you understand?"

"My current result is all your fault!" After a while, the azure blue shadow narrowed her eyes tightly, and then roared like a lunatic.

"I..." Xiao Yan heard the words, suddenly dumbfounded, and lowered his head in shame.

"Brother Xiao Yan... Who is he?" After a while, a shadow of three thousand blue silk drooping down suddenly appeared beside the blue shadow.

It is Xun'er!

It's just that Xun'erdai frowned, and there was some anger between her brows.

"Who is she!" And the azure blue shadow was not to be outdone, and shouted directly.

"Brother Xiao Yan... you don't want Xun'er anymore..." Xun'er cried with tears in the corners of her eyes.

"Ugh……"

"The sky-reaching stone steps formed by the power of space and the power of chaos are indeed extraordinary, and they evoked this little guy's heart. It seems that Mu Yingying will not be resurrected. I am afraid it will affect his path to becoming a **** in the future." At this time, the Soul Eater also said helplessly. After all, with the power of the Soul Eater and the mysterious identity of Xiao Yan, it is very possible to cultivate to the peak in the future, but now, if this matter is not resolved, I am afraid it will be have a small impact on it in the future.

"This time, I will resurrect you, and, Xun'er, wait for me!"

"When I revive Mu Yingying, I'll go look for you!"

"This time, we will definitely not be separated!" In an instant, a surging vindictive aura swept out from Xiao Yan's body, and then easily destroyed the second group of energy bodies in an instant, and in an instant, Xiao Yan His pace also became agile, and then he moved quickly. In a short moment, he saw the end of the sky-high stone steps!

"Are these little guys finally here?" When the King of Pluto, who was standing under the statue, saw this, he was relieved to smile. After all, the stone steps to the sky are the only way for every strong person to enter the Li Soul Realm, even if it is them. Guys, I have no right to interfere, but now, all eleven people have passed, which makes Heavenly Pluto quite happy.

"Oh... This little guy with a heavy ruler on his back seems to have something extraordinary..." But the three-faced ghostly beautiful eyes couldn't help exclaiming when they saw Xiao Yan.