Chapter Vol 4 1537: Secret way!

“Shabu Shabu!”

"In this space, the power of the spirit beasts in the periphery is too weak. For me, it's not very helpful." Beside a river, Xiao Yan casually placed a flower that was comparable to the late stage of the human three-star fighting immortal. After the demon cat spirit beast was resolved, a trace of gentle energy flowed into him, and he immediately shook his head.

Obviously, although this trace of energy is tyrannical, it is obviously not enough to use it to break through the current Samsung Dou Xian late stage.

"It seems that we can only go to the depths of Lingshan." After a while, Xiao Yan slowly got up, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire was suspended on the palm of his hand. Under the cover of trees and rocks, they headed towards Lingshan.

Lingshan, this is a special space, and this space was created by the great power, but I don't know why some energy bodies are continuously born, so the speciality of space is added, so the spirit beasts should also be pregnant.

However, this Lingshan is quite peculiar. It stands in the center of countless forests, rivers and ditches, a genuine Lingshan!

In Lingshan, there are mountains and peaks, shrouded in countless white mists that cover the eyes, but among them, there are a series of tyrannical spirit beasts. If you can defeat these spirit beasts, you will naturally be able to get a lot of rewards. Among the spiritual academies, the reason for its high status is that the energy gained from practicing for several months is probably not as much as the energy obtained by killing a spirit beast.

However, Lingshan also has limitations. You can only enter once a year. After all, although the energy of the spirit beast is huge, but it absorbs too much in a short time, it will also cause rejection. If it causes backlash, it is not good.

"Big man... It's very cold here, have you noticed?" As Xiao Yan walked towards Lingshan, Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan suddenly appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

As Luo Menglan and Xiao Gui walked towards Lingshan together, Luo Menglan also called Xiao Gui by another name.

Big man!

Because of Xiao Gui's tall stature and somewhat dark skin, coupled with the tyrannical Samsung Dou Xian's complete strength, he was called such by Luo Menglan, and Xiao Gui also happily disapproved of this, after all, this girl made her feel very friendly.

The two of them were in a quite hidden place in the Lingshan Mountain. The two of them were in a dark passage under the Lingshan Mountain, and the passage was clearly a rather strange scene.

The secret passage is quite narrow, with a small stream in the center flowing in front of the two of them, and the two walked slowly along the stream, but on the surrounding walls, a trace of cold air emerged, making them shudder, and even at the bottom of the secret passage, there was a sound A rather loud grunting sound diffused out, and it was unknown what kind of creature was making it.

"What sound?" Xiao Yan was always alert to the surroundings, and immediately opened his mouth. Even when he heard the snoring, a surprise emerged. Obviously, the snoring contained quite a powerful force, which made Xiao Gui's heart faint. feel uneasy.

"That snort... that's right here!"

"Follow me!" Luo Menglan was also delighted when she heard the words, and then moved quickly.

"Here...is it going wrong?" After walking for a while, Xiao Gui immediately asked.

Xiao Gui's temperament and Sanxing Dou Xian's perfect strength, in this situation, showed the difference between him and Luo Menglan.

"It should be right... I remember ancestor Luo said that there is a rather tyrannical spirit beast under Lingshan. It is said that this guy guards a kind of precious treasure. As long as we obtain that kind of treasure and break through the four-star fighting fairy, It's also extremely easy." At this time, looking at the gloomy environment and the gloomy walls around, Luo Menglan also slowly wrapped her fingers around and wondered, but she deliberately left some later words and did not tell all the news. I was afraid that Xiao Gui would feel timid after knowing the strength of that guy, so this time it would be in vain.

She was originally the great-granddaughter of Headmaster Luo Zhamu's favored Youjia, so she naturally knew something about Lingshan, but she knew it was one thing, but she had never practiced it. Now she brought Xiao Gui to Taobao, even if it was a She was hesitant.

After all, the strength of that spirit beast is a genuine four-star fighting immortal. At best, the two of them are only a complete three-star fighting immortal, so they hesitated for the time being.

"What kind of strength is that guy?" Xiao Gui couldn't help but ask.

"It seems to be a four-star fighting immortal." Luo Menglan said.

"Four Star Fighting Immortals..."

"Don't worry, I will protect you from now on." Xiao Gui said with a grin, quite honest. Obviously, Xiao Gui has enough strength to deal with the four-star fighting immortal, and Xiao Gui is also quite capable of dealing with the woman in front of him. I have a good feeling, so I want to show it.

"Well, let's be careful." Although Luo Menglan promised verbally, she was secretly vigilant. Obviously, she has been in the Spiritual Academy for a long time, and she has practiced for a long time. Naturally, her strength and combat power are much more tyrannical than Xiao Gui. The strength of the big man is the same, but the strength is definitely much more tyrannical.

"Hey...Isn't this Xiao Gui?" After a while, a cool breeze emerged, and Xiao Yan's figure suddenly came to this secret passage. After all, he had the guidance of the Soul Eater and Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul power. , so the treasures here were also discovered by Xiao Yan.

"Even when I was in Tianming Mountain Villa, I never saw this guy look like this, it's interesting Xiao Yan smiled slowly, and then quietly followed.

"En." At this time, Xiao Gui's tall stature played a very good role. With his tall stature, he directly stopped in front of Luo Menglan, and immediately covered up the dazzling chill, which warmed Luo Menglan's heart, obviously. This is the first time this guy is so close to his peers, and his heartbeat can't help speeding up a lot.

"Tick tock!" After a while, Xiao Gui and Luo Menglan cautiously followed the place where the stream flowed, and Xiao Yan followed them vigilantly. If something happened to them, he would take action in time.

"This creek..." After a while, Xiao Gui was the first to stop, then looked at the crystal clear creek in front of him, and said.

In this secret passage, there is only a small stream in the center, and although the surrounding walls are cold, some luminous stones on the walls also embellish the entire secret passage, so you can clearly see the whole picture of the creek.

"What's going on?" Although Luo Menglan has a distinguished status, in the end, she is just a girl, so she doesn't know much common sense, so seeing Xiao Gui like this, she couldn't help but ask.

"There's something wrong with this creek!" At this moment, Xiao Gui's eyes were slowly fixed on the creek in front of him, and following Xiao Gui's actions, an extremely terrifying white cold air suddenly appeared in the creek. Slowly emerge!

At the moment when the white cold air emerged, the temperature in this dark passage suddenly dropped!