Chapter Vol 4 2116: All the powers join forces, it's time to repay the debt!

"Pfft!"

"Pfft!"

"Whoa!"

Facing the supreme holy power of the Slaughtering Soul, the demon Xiao Yan smiled contemptuously, his heart beating violently in his body, the power of the devil and the power of immortality work together, no matter how turbulent the holy power is, he can maintain the final power. of life!

No matter how tyrannical Liu Hao and Slaughter Soul broke out, Xiao Yan would never die.

"Zi la la!"

The blue angelic brilliance shrouded Xiao Yan, and the demonic elegy released by the demon Xiao Yan shattered instantly. Countless blue brilliance suppressed the demon Xiao Yan. It seemed that the demon Xiao Yan's body would be completely shattered in the next moment.

But under the influence of the power of the devil and immortality, the blood of the devil boils, and it is inexhaustible and burning!

"Now... what are your last words?"

Liu Hao suppressed the violent backlash in his body, and looked at Xiao Yan sarcastically at the corner of his mouth.

On the body of the demon Xiao Yan, countless energies, wood attributes, and thunder attributes, coupled with the power of demons, kept tilting out, but under the blue holy light of the Slaughtering Soul, it appeared extremely dim, but there was no trace of destruction.

"Devil, never die!"

"Kill me!"

Xiao Yan's weak state disappeared instantly, endless evil power flowed out from the blood of the devil in his body and the heart of the devil, a **** black evil water flashed all over his body, and the corner of his mouth carried a sinister smile unique to the devil, stepping into the void step by step. Liu Hao roared away at the sky above.

At this moment, a suffocating wave swept across the body of the demon Xiao Yan. On his skin, countless blood-ink evil lines made his scalp numb and his soul shook, setting off the whole person. No people, no ghosts!

But the evil power contained in it turned out to be comparable to Lucifer, the soul of slaughter!

"It's the underworld again...and the dirty creatures like the King of Darkness!!!"

Seeing that the demon Xiao Yan would have been completely destroyed by his divine might, the resurgent demon power made the normally calm Slaughtering Soul completely angry.

He even smelled an extremely rotten power from the demon Xiao Yan!

That power comes from the underworld, but also from his old rival!

"Come with me into destruction."

"I am both the creator of the world and the end of the world!"

"demon!!!"

The low and loud voice shook the hearts of countless human beings, like the anger buried in their hearts, erupting like a volcano.

"You can't beat me...because I'm God!"

"Killing Divine Might!"

The soul of slaughter Lucifer sneered, the angel wings slowly stretched out behind him, and a special enchantment domain energy swept out.

Even the mysterious power that emerges behind him, if you count it carefully, there is a shocking illusion...

"That is……"

"Six wings?"

"Even more?"

In an instant, many strong men below said in a daze, and from the power and contemptuous words, they even smelled a trembling in their hearts.

"Squeak."

With a sound, Lucifer, the soul of slaughter, released a dazzling blue holy light, stinging the souls of everyone, making all the strong present perceive, and the vision temporarily failed.

They couldn't detect the battle between demons and angels in the sky, but the residual power was enough to make them strong enough to feel the weakness of life.

...

One minute is fleeting, and when everyone feels that the battle between the two in the medicine world has been decided, there is an indescribable laxity in the whole world.

It seems that the world has been completely shattered because of the short minute just now.

"Good good!"

"What a devil!"

The enchantment disappeared, and two figures, one green and one black, shot back quickly from the left and the right. Austin caught Liu Hao and found that Liu Hao had entered a near-death state. The impact of the slaughter, and even the things hidden deep within Liu Hao's body, shattered the slaughtering soul.

This kind of brokenness is obviously fatal, and with the means of their Holy See, it cannot be repaired or restored.

Therefore, it was difficult for him to contain his anger, and his anger erupted violently like a volcano.

"I am going to kill you!!!"

Austin watched Xiao Yan shoot down his body, his palm suddenly raised, and the destructive blade of light condensed out, shooting at Xiao Yan's vital point!

"not good!"

"Stop him!"

Seeing Austin's act of embarrassment and anger, Yao Wan and others roared and hurriedly said, but unfortunately they are so far away now that it's probably too late.

"Squeak."

The seemingly terrifying bright blade was easily crushed by a slender hand when it approached the demon's body.

The golden flame, noble and elegant, vented out from Xun'er's body and turned into nine golden crows with radiant energy. The energy of the whole world boiled up, as if a piece of heaven and earth were burning under its flames.

"Brother Xiao Yan."

At the center of Xun'er's eyebrows, the reincarnation pattern formed by the nine golden crows is quite dazzling, and on its delicate body, the nine golden crows show endless golden light.

"Yep……"

Xiao Yan was already unable to answer Xun'er. At this time, his bones were humming, and it was good that there was no bone on his body.

After being dragged into the Angel Barrier by the Soul of Slaughter, Xiao Yan completely destroyed the Soul of Slaughter with the power of the devil, and at the same time he fell into this dying state.

However, Xiao Yan believed that the current Liu Hao should be in a better and miserable state than himself!

Without the existence of the Slaughtering Soul, he will definitely be able to completely kill him next time!

This time, the soul of slaughter has been completely destroyed in his hands, and even Liu Hao's origin has been severely damaged. Although Xiao Yan paid a great price, this dying state is exactly what Xiao Yan is now. needs.

"Ahhh!"

"Gu Xun'er, you colluded with the devil, and the ancients share the same sin with you!"

"You filthy creatures should all go to hell!"

One hand dragged the dying Liu Hao, Austin's pupils were filled with countless blood lights, and the voice emerged like a flood of beasts, shocking everyone here!

"It's you who are dirty!"

"I don't care if he's a devil or something."

"He is my whole world. If you touch him, I don't mind killing you here completely."

"Bloom, Jiu Xuan Chong Mingyan!"

Xun'er hugged Xiao Yan tightly, the golden golden crow turned into a scorching flame, slowly burning this piece of medicine world, vaguely surrounding Austin and others, and the final retreat was completely Shrouded Rumble! "

The deafening sound rang out, and the energy of the heaven and earth suddenly boiled, and a rare green halo, with the medicine world as the core, was completely filled, and Yao Wan and others stood directly beside Austin, with a great breath, and He said proudly:

"Austin, your Holy See has not been able to distinguish right from wrong for many years, and has already forged countless resentments."

"This time, it's time to repay the debt."

The medicine family's guardian formation, the Thousand Machines Medicine Garden.

It can volatilize the power of countless medicinal materials in the medicine world to the limit in a short time, and apply it to the strong people of the medicine family.

At this moment, including Yao Wan, there is already one person in the Yao family who has set foot in Samsara, two eight-star Douxian Perfectionists!

In addition to Xun'er's complete reincarnation seal, Yiran temporarily stepped into reincarnation. This kind of situation has some feng shui turns.

txt download address:

phone-reading: