Chapter 653: Life Force Fusion Technique: Skylight Curtain Road!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, this thousand space became extremely unstable, and the terrifying destructive power made this piece seem to collapse at any time!

"What's happening here?"

"Such destructive fluctuations cannot be sent out like some simple characters."

"I don't know what team caused it. Do you need to go over and take a look?" In one team, all four of them were covered in black clothes, showing no trace.

Wasn't the one who spoke above the fifth senior brother of the Earth Palace, who was defeated by Xiao Yan, Wang Chen!

Among them, the second senior brother is the most powerful, except for the senior brother who goes out and travels outside the sect. However, there are some who are strong but not good at sociability. For example, Guanglu is one of them.

"No need to go, we have gathered the wooden signs now, let's go directly." A young voice slowly sounded from the front of the four.

"Okay." Wang Chen heard the words, looked into the distance, and finally gave up the idea of ​​​​seeing the past. After all, such a big thing happened, I must have alerted the elders who managed this competition.

And taking a step back, their team is known as the team with the most hope of winning the first place this time, because their team not only has the second, third, fourth and senior brothers in Tan Di Hall. Wang Chen himself, there is another mysterious person!

This mysterious person is the one who spoke just now. The voice should be a woman, but looking at the respectful attitude of my second senior brother, I am afraid that this woman's strength is much stronger than that of the second senior brother!

"What's going on?" In a quiet hut in the woods, Xiong Yuan had just returned from patrolling below. After all, when these disciples participated in the Red Nightmare mission, it was inevitable that there would be a danger, so Xiong Yuan couldn't be sloppy.

Xiong Yuan had just sat down and was about to take a rest when the strong vibrations around him immediately shocked Xiong Yuan.

"Xiao Yan?" The top of the ring flickered instantly, and a type of crystal appeared instantly, and then Xiong Yuan made a slight gesture with his palm, and immediately above the crystal ball, the scene of Xiao Yan and the Dawning team battle came back.

"The flame on Xiao Yan's body is really not simple, such a terrifying power, although it is not comparable to the power of holy flame, but it is not too weak, this child should be a malleable talent, if this team competition has a conspicuous place , the sect competition in a few years will be fine." Xiong Yuan said with a wide-eyed smile.

The next moment, Xiong Yuan's terrifying aura suddenly burst out, and then he stared at the crystal ball beside him. With the injection of Xiong Yuan's strange power, the shaking space of Luoling Mountain was stabilized.

"This kid, you really don't have the slightest sense in doing things. If you can't do it, I have to go."

"It's all to blame that old guy Mu Xuzi, who has recruited too many people. I'm the only one here. I'm really a bare commander, so I can only rely on me..." As soon as the voice fell, Xiong Yuan's figure disappeared instantly and left immediately. to this forest cabin.

"That is……"

"Xiao Yan's fluctuations?" Mu Yingying and the others were still not far away from Xiao Yan's place. If they were just on their way, they would probably have some time.

"What a terrifying fluctuation..." Mu Feng was slightly surprised at the back, such a terrifying fluctuation, not to mention himself, I am afraid that other people would not be able to eat it and walk around.

"Speed ​​up!" After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she glanced at the back at will, and vaguely found that Lingxuan seemed to be at the end of the team, just because she was worried about Xiao Yan and didn't care too much.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations had spread for a short while.

"It's over, this is the first time I used this Emperor Flame Explosion, and I didn't control the strength. The fluctuations are too big, and I'm afraid it will attract other powerhouses..." Xiao Yan helplessly spread his hands.

"Your self-created fighting skills are very strong, and I am afraid its power is comparable to that of immortal-level fighting skills!" Xiao Yan, the soul avatar on the side, as an outsider, had a panoramic view of all Xiao Yan's display of Emperor Yanbang.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan naturally knew the horror of this fighting skill. After all, this fighting skill did not require a lot of time to integrate like the lotus of annihilation.

However, despite this Emperor Yanburst, Xiao Yan also discovered that since he came to Doudi Continent, and after devouring Shengyan's body's abnormal fire and suppressing it into a new flame before adding it, the fusion of the abnormal fire can't be used!

In the past, the fusion of the power of different fires could become a huge killer, but now the twenty-three kinds of different fires have become new emperor flames, so the fusion of fire lotus naturally cannot be used.

"Cough, cough..." The two Xiao Yan were still discussing in mid-air, and immediately below, the scorched earth filled with a thick burning smell.

That Tan Shaoyang had scars all over his body, and his body was burnt to varying degrees. Qianzhang and Qianqiu had already collapsed and were dying. Obviously, the injuries were too severe and they passed out.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Good good!"

"very good!"

"Human Hall Xiao Yan!" Tan Shaoyang roared suddenly as if going crazy.

"Captain, please avenge the three of us!" As soon as he finished speaking, Tan Shaoyang suddenly fell down!

"Xiao Yan, hurt my three friends, take the trick!" The next moment, as the three of Tan Shaoyang fell down, Xiao Yan's eyes shifted to Guang Lu!

It's just that it doesn't matter, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank suddenly!

"How can it be!"

"How can two completely different life forces be able to merge?" A strong feeling of unease filled Xiao Yan's heart instantly!

"Dangerous!" The soul clone Xiao Yan also felt an unprecedented terrifying aura from the yellow power on Guanglu's body!

"Guang, let them see how good we are." Anli's beautiful eyes flashed with tenderness, and she said to Guanglu with tenderness like water!

"Okay!"

"Xiao Yan, I'll show you this time!"

"What is the real fighting skill!" Guanglu finished speaking He just hugged Anli with both hands, and then the dazzling vitality of the two of them all radiated out, and then they fused together perfectly, and finally ascended into the Sky!

"What kind of power is this..." Xiao Yan looked at the power after the fusion of the two people with scattered eyes. Above this power, there was no fluctuation in attributes, but this was what made Xiao Yan feel a strong sense of unease. !

"This...could it be..."

"The power of life fusion technique?" Xinyan, who had been silent for a long time in Xiao Yan's body, suddenly said in shock!

"Life force fusion technique!"

"Skylight Curtain Road!" Guanglu and Dark Crow opened their eyes instantly, and at the same time, an incomparably strong aura instantly emanated from the two of them, and then roared directly towards the mid-air where Xiao Yan was!

"not good!"

"It's too late to explain."

"Xiao Yan, run!" The shock in Xinyan's heart hadn't disappeared, and she suddenly realized that something was wrong, and immediately exclaimed.

"Boom boom boom!" Before Xinyan's words could fall, the bright white light instantly enveloped Xiao Yan, and then the white soul clone Xiao Yan was immediately taken back by Xiao Yan.

The white light enveloped Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan seemed to have lost the ability to move, and was sluggish in the white light.

The white light went from the two of Guanglu to the mid-air where Xiao Yan was, and then Xiao Yan was enveloped by this light and fell directly into the ground and became sluggish.