Chapter Vol 4 1831: Backwater 1 battle!

"Oh yo?"

"It's such a touching scene." Seeing Xiao Yan's heroic act of saving beauty, Hun Jianghai couldn't help showing a hint of ridicule on his sinister face.

Although his strength was only in the early stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, what he was proud of was the brown flame in his hand. With this flame that surpassed the heavenly seed, it was enough for him to crush Xiao Yan.

"Wong Buzz!"

"Sir..." gusts of gloomy wind surged, and in the black vortex, a steady stream of black shadows appeared. These guys were filled with a fierce and sinister aura, and the number was extremely large, I am afraid that even the entire The royal family of the Star Continent had to pay an extremely painful price to deal with it.

"Let a few Seven Star Fighting Immortals take you to the emperor's palace, and I will arrive in a moment after I kill this kid." Hun Jianghai stared at Xiao Yan, and said to the black shadow of the emerging demand at will.

"grown ups!"

"At this time, taking advantage of the decisive battle between the hall master and the high-level royal family, it is the best time to join hands to obliterate the emperor. Even the hall master will give you that thing. If the fighter is delayed, the hall master will blame it..." In the shadows There was an anxious voice.

"Shut up!"

"Get out of here!" Gun Jianghai heard the words, his face was hideous, and a fierce evil energy swept away with his feet as the center.

"Let's go!" Seeing this, countless black shadows disappeared here immediately.

"It seems that your status is not that high... It's better to put down the butcher knife and become a Buddha. Maybe let me send you to **** to find a good position." Seeing this, Xiao Yan said excitedly, but the inner Spiritual strength and soul strength are surging like the sea.

"Bastard, I hope you can be so calm in a while."

"Soul come!" The black vortex kept shaking and spinning. Immediately, the vortex actually disappeared under Xiao Yan's eyelids.

"Which one is stronger or weaker, you will know after a test!" Xiao Yan smiled slightly at this. At that time, the Henggu ruler on the palm of his hand was only pinched, and a touch of the strongest breath permeated, and even above the Henggu ruler, A touch of holy light pattern that was enough to eclipse the sky and the earth emerged, and Xiao Yan's breath soared to the peak.

"Boom!" As soon as the two of them looked at each other, two terrifying energy ripples burst out of their bodies uncontrollably, colliding with the splendid surroundings of the altar, easily turning this place into a bubble.

"A boy who just relied on external forces to be forcibly promoted to the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, and he is trying to oppose my Soul Palace, a thing that doesn't know what to do!" With one blow, Soul Jianghai realized that Xiao Yan was only strong on the outside and dry on the inside, and a touch appeared on the corner of his mouth. sarcastically, sneered.

"Don't talk too much, or you will follow in the footsteps of the strong men before the Soul Hall!" Xiao Yan also sneered, but the amber flames all over his body suddenly rose, and every time the black mist and ghost qi touched his own time, will be quietly swallowed by it.

"Don't be ashamed!"

"Suffer to death!" Hunjiang Haisen sneered. On the palm of his hand, a brown flame burst out like the only light in hell. Immediately, the handprints changed rapidly. The huge creature composed of mist and ghost gas trembled out.

For a time, the ground shook and the mountains trembled, and the void became trembling. As the black mist creatures raised their hands, blocks of incomparably gigantic rocks with a fierce aura were blasted at Xiao Yan with the momentum of lightning.

"Small worm-carving trick!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan waved at will, and Heng Gu Zhi brought the amber flame on his body and directly attacked Soul Jianghai's attack.

"This guy's flame is much more tyrannical than ordinary flames, but it is a lot weaker than holy flame. I am afraid it is also a sub-fire of holy flame... and this holy flame's ranking is enough to rank in the top sixteen."

"But this is just a test of my wood attribute." Feeling the crazy fluctuation of the amber flame and soul fire on his body, he was extremely greedy and wanted to swallow the flames on Soul Jianghai's body, Xiao Yan muttered.

"Wooden Attribute Dou Nucleus!" Xiao Yan roared, the fire attribute Dou Nue in his body continuously released flames to maintain his body above the six-star Dou Xian perfection level. At the same time, a green aura surged, dozens A huge green Tengman suddenly burst out from under the ground, piercing the void like a poisonous snake, and blasted away at the soul river and sea, surrounded by flames on the Tengman, and its power was endless!

"Chi-chi!" Even if Hun Jianghai had expected it, after the dozens of tengman attacked, a rare palpitation appeared in his heart, and he seemed to smell some dangerous aura from it.

"Holy flame... and wood attribute?"

"What an enviable guy."

"But...compared to me, you're still a little weaker!"

"Black Devil Finger!" With an order, Soul Jianghai stood above the creatures in the black mist. At the same time, his shriveled fingers stretched out from the black mist and pointed to Xiao Yan's position. The black finger awns, there are countless ghosts wailing around the finger awns, and traces of black lines quietly permeate.

"Huhu... Then let's see who wins and who loses!" Xiao Yan also snorted coldly, his feet slumped heavily on the ground, and the ground sank a lot, and scales containing ancient breath appeared one after another. Above Xiao Yan's arm, and then jumping suddenly, countless powers are like the maker of the rules between heaven and earth, which cannot be shaken!

"Dragon scale..."

"No is the dragon pattern?"

"Hahaha!"

"Die!" Seeing the endless means on Xiao Yan's body, the brown flames on Hun Jianghai's body were beating rapidly.

The faint brown flames quietly formed a complex pattern in front of the soul river and sea, like a delicate flower, and above the flower, there is a touch of tyrannical and domineering evil power, which is instantly blessed on the black finger light!

In an instant, the situation changed!

hoo hoo hoo!

Pushing out with a palm, on Xiao Yan's arm, a huge turtle-like creature, accompanied by a monstrous water curtain capable of spanning the entire mountain range, ran towards the soul river sea with terrifying power enough to shatter the mountain!

With the complete power of the Six-Star Dou Xian, the defensive fighting skills of the pattern of domination, and the complete fusion, the palm of the Dragon God's three transformations has been assembled. Fairy!

"Xiao Yan..." Lin Yunshu, who had just escaped from the altar in the distance, looked at these fierce attacks and explosions with a complicated expression, but after some hesitation, he fled and headed towards the emperor's palace!

For a time, above the sky, in front of the four dragon lock coffins, four seven-star fighting immortals headed by Lin Fengya, and ten elders, and Xiao Yan in the altar, the two battles started slowly.