Chapter Vol 4 1420: Little girl Yuanyan!

"The weather is late today. There are many soul beasts in the Tianming Mountains, and there are many dangers. Why don't we rest here and go on our way tomorrow?"

"Brother Du, what do you think?" Yuan Xiao asked.

After a few hours on the road, everyone became familiar with it.

The group that Xiao Yan met just now was a sect called Yuanzong on Beizhou. The sect sent them to the four continents to compete and experience, and the leader, Yuan Xiao, was quite strong in the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals. For casualness, there is not much shelf.

As for Du Tianhong, he used the false information of Beizhou Leigu to obscure the past. Fortunately, Yuan Xiao was very knowledgeable and did not go into depth, but many disciples above Dongzhou were extremely puzzled by Du Tianhong's actions.

"Everything is according to what Brother Yuan said." Duo Tianhong nodded when he heard the words, and then the two of them distinguished and took their subordinates towards the flat land in a mountain range, and the second team left the camp with trees as the boundary. Slowly and quietly rest.

It is strange to say that this day, the Ming Mountains are quite special. Here, all flying energy and even fighting skills are lost, so if you want to go to the top of the mountain, you can only walk.

However, I am afraid that this is also a part of the preparations for Tianming Villa.

"Forging Valley Master, you are..." As the night fell, Xiao Yan and the others sat around the fire and spoke slowly.

There were tents everywhere around the fire, so there were some medicinal liquids to prevent poisonous insects. These things were necessary for Xiao Yan to go out.

"Don't you think it's so easy to enter Tianming Villa?" After looking around for a while, Duo Tianhong looked at the fire in front of him and said in a low voice.

"It's really not that easy." Xiao Yan also smiled bitterly. Obviously, he could sense that this tyrannical force of the Yuan Sect had to end, and I was afraid that something had happened.

"The sea of ​​dust is the first level of every time I participate in the Four Continents Competition. Henggu remains the same. Only through the interception of the Hidden Soul Society can we enter the Tianming Mountains, but after entering the Tianming Mountains, we must absorb the level. But it keeps coming up every time.”

"As leaders, we naturally can't take action, otherwise we will lose the fun of the experience."

"But I have to remind you that since you entered the sea of ​​dust, the assessment of Tianming Villa has already begun."

"The strong men of Tianming Villa have already followed secretly, and will confirm whether you cheated, and whether we old guys have broken the rules and shot to sponsor you."

"And what you need to do is to successfully enter the Tianming Villa at the top of the Tianming Mountains."

"When you enter it, it proves that you have the qualifications to participate in the Four Continents Competition." Duan Tianhong said.

"This day, Ming Mountain Villa has a lot of momentum..." Liu Qing on the side heard this and couldn't help but speak softly.

"That's natural."

"Every time the Tianming Mountain Villa has a four-continent competition, the awards are extremely rich, but on the contrary, the competition is also extremely brutal." Duan Tianhong said.

"I remember the last time, from entering the sea of ​​dust to entering Tianming Villa, there were six tests. I don't know how many tests will be waiting for us this time." Du Qifei's beautiful eyes shone, even at that time. She was young, and when I remembered it now, her face was still a little embarrassing.

"What was the last Four Continents Competition..." Xiao Yan asked curiously.

"I remember the title of the previous competition. It was the master of the plane unlocking the power of the plane and entering a certain space to fight for something, but that strange space is full of danger." Du Qifei said.

When the words fell, everyone was dumbfounded.

"Forget it, let's rest tonight and talk about it tomorrow." After Mu Ge finished speaking, he went straight to the tent to rest.

"You guys can go too, I'll be here tonight." Xiao Yan said when he saw that the figures around him were tired.

"En." The other people just wanted to resign, but seeing Xiao Yan's realistic appearance, they had no choice but to give up and go back to rest.

The night in the Tianming Mountains is extremely sad and cold, and the cold wind blows in the air, making the mountains add a lot of temperature.

"Come out." Not long after, Xiao Yan's eyesight turned towards a big tree in the darkness behind the camp and he gave a low drink.

"Oh..." A coquettish voice suddenly sounded from behind the tree.

"It was created by you..." After a while, a little girl with two delicate double ponytails was dressed in a black robe that was quite large and incompatible with her body, and then slowly walked out of the darkness came out.

This girl is quite young, Fang is only in her early teens, but her body has developed very well. She has **** eyes and a pair of ponytails, which is quite attractive.

"Are you... from the Yuan Sect?" Xiao Yan looked at the little girl in astonishment. He could smell some scents from her body and another camp, and asked.

This girl's strength is only a two-star fighting fairy, similar to herself, but her age is...

This is also an unavoidable benefit, not something that can be compared to the Dou Qi Continent.

However, there was a mysterious energy on his body that even Xiao Yan himself could not see through. This was what surprised Xiao Yan the most.

"Yep."

"My name is... Yuan Yan, big... big brother, can you help me with one thing?" The little girl's eyes flashed with a very frightened expression. She was obviously not very good at chatting with strangers, and her eyes blinked. asked.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan asked curiously, the girl's body smelled mysterious, and she even ran over alone in the middle of the night. I'm afraid something really happened, and this matter was very important to her.

Otherwise, she wouldn't risk running into someone else's camp in the middle of the night.

"Can you... save my sister." A firm voice, with a hint of stubbornness, echoed softly.

"Is that the unconscious woman during the day?" Xiao Yan heard this and was unmoved, obviously guessing something before.

"I know you have incredible strength, but I'm not afraid!"

"And...if you save my sister, I can tell you where Uncle Yuan and the others created the treasure hiding place!" Seeing Xiao Yan's indifferent appearance, Yuan Yan couldn't help but gather up his courage. opened his mouth.

"What's wrong with her?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

The leader could not take action, but the strength of this disciple of Yuanzong was not bad, and the treasure that could make them retreat in spite of difficulties, I am afraid that Xiao Yan alone would not be able to get involved, so he asked.

"Sister... Poisoned." Yuan Yan said with a hint of misery in her **** eyes.

Their Yuan Zong, the most exciting disciple this time, was her sister, but when she was halfway into the Tianming Mountains, she encountered some obstacles. In desperation, in order to cover the disciples in the sect, her sister led the soul beast away by herself. , waiting for everyone to find her, she was already poisoned and passed out.

"Take me to see?" Xiao Yan asked If he is poisoned, with Xiao Yan's refining pharmacist skills, I am afraid there is some hope to see, after all Xiao Yan can solve even the poisonous body.

"I'm afraid it won't work now... My sister is guarded by many strong people."

"At this time tomorrow night, I will let them go... Then, I will get rid of them." Yuan Yan spoke slowly, his voice full of anticipation.

"Okay." Xiao Yan agreed immediately after hearing this.

"I'm leaving."

"Thank you, big brother!" Yuan Yan made a face at Xiao Yan, then picked up her black robe, jumped directly, and walked towards the darkness, looking at her appearance, she was obviously going back to them in the camp.

"This Yuan Zong is not simple." Just as Yuan Yan was leaving, the voice of the Soul Eater slowly sounded.

. The latest chapter, Chapter 1420, Little Girl Yuan Yan! (Thanks to sakura for the 4/10 update) URL: https://