Chapter Vol 4 1674: The Buddha's Furious Fire Lotus in 3 and a half colors!

Milky **** filled the entire Undying Holy Tan space. With the complete explosion of the pure heart, the power of the Five Fingers Mountain Formation and the power of fire attributes were weakened a lot.

But at this time, in this milky white space, a figure bathed in flames was extremely dazzling.

Counting carefully, the colors of the flames surrounding his body turned out to be as many as four!

The fire-red flame was the weakest, followed by the khaki flame, the cyan flame, and the azure flame. On the contrary, the azure flame was the most dazzling, but the appearance of the four flames filled the hearts of everyone present with a deep breath of death.

"Three holy flames exist on a human body at the same time, how is this possible..."

"Even if the power of the holy flame is one, it will destroy the sky and the earth. Three holy flames exist in one person at the same time, which is tantamount to self-destruction..." Yu Xiao and Deng Qing said with ashen faces.

Who would have thought that the weakest and most inconspicuous guy in the competition for the undead fire this time was actually the most hidden guy.

And what this group of people don't understand the most is that there is an unwritten rule in the Great Thousand Worlds, that the most powerful thing like holy flame, even some powerhouses with profound strength, can only devour one, and devour the second. This is enough to explode and die because the power of the two holy flames is different from each other. Why is Xiao Yan able to swallow the three holy flames like this?

"This guy... It seems that our research has been successful. In the vast world, apart from the supreme beings such as the holy king, there are very few strong people who can integrate multiple holy flames together." Looking at Xiao Yan With the fierce momentum now, You Er couldn't help laughing.

You Er knows that until now, there is not much hope of competing for the Undying Fire. After all, there are many factors in the four demon guards and the Wuzhi Mountain formation, not to mention Xiao Yan who coexists with the three holy flames, but You Er She doesn't have much interest in Shengyan herself, she just wants to avenge the countless soul courtyard comrades who have fallen under the hands of the master of the soul.

"This time, the ruins didn't come in vain. At least the results of the teacher's experiment have confirmed... It's time to go." You Er cast a glance at Xiao Yan, and said with a smile.

Soul Academy is conducting research on swallowing multiple holy flames at the same time. Naturally, it is clear that two holy flames exist in a human body at the same time. The power of destruction is definitely not something they can bear, let alone three holy flames today. Destructive power can be said to be unprecedented.

You Er knew that Xiao Yan had three holy flames in his body, and he had come to subdue Undying Fire. He would definitely go to the Temple of the Lord of Souls to subdue Acacia Heartbroken, but the two holy flames You Er could not be, as long as they wiped out their entire souls. The culprit in the hospital pays the corresponding price.

"Weng Om!" Without the slightest hesitation, a beautiful scroll emerged as You Er's jade hands rolled over.

"Xiao Yan, we will have a period in the future. I hope you don't let me down. Three or even four saint flames will be enough to grow into the real peak of the Great Thousand World in the future." As soon as the voice fell, You Er's jade hand was crushed, and his body became It became illusory and suddenly disappeared here.

The powerhouses of the five courtyards naturally hold the scrolls to leave the Holy Tan of Undying, but once they use the scrolls, it means that they have nothing to do with the undead fire, so they will not use them unless they have to.

"Damn..."

"What should we do?" The other powerhouses from the Fifth Academy looked at Xiao Yan in mid-air and said solemnly.

"Let's wait and see. If things really get to that point, I'm afraid we have to leave here." The guys headed by Deng Qing and several others could only shake their heads helplessly.

Not to mention that the power of the four demon guards and the power that burst out from the pure heart made them quite struggling, and even the shocking power of the three holy flames in Xiao Yan's body made them have to be so serious.

With the blessing of the three holy flames, if Xiao Yan wanted to obliterate them, it would be extremely easy.

"There are three holy flames in this guy at the same time..." The leader of the demon guard narrowed his eyes and lost his voice.

"My lord, we went to the Holy Tan of the Undead without the knowledge of the devil. It was a big deal, and now we have used a pure heart..."

"Sir, let's retreat!" The milky white space was filled with pure power, but Xiao Yan's body was surrounded by three holy flames, so the power of the pure heart was greatly reduced.

Although the Heart of Purity is the nemesis of Sacred Flame, it is also divided into strengths and weaknesses. The Heart of Purity they use can at best suppress Sacred Flames ranked in the top 30, but it obviously has very little effect on today's Xiao Yan.

"Wait a minute, I don't believe that the power of the three holy flames can be completely controlled by him!" The leader of the demon guard heard the words, and immediately urged the dazzling power of light all over his body to continuously shoot at Xiao Yan.

"Huhuhu!"

"Old man, I haven't seen you for a long time." Looking at the four flames surrounding him like elves, Xiao Yan forced a smile and said.

The source fire of the three holy flames, plus the primordial fire of the Great Heaven Seed, the pure heart was very restrained on the flame at first, but with the operation of Xiao Yan's body burning determination and the increase of holy flames, the pure heart The repression of the heart has suddenly decreased.

According to Xiao Yan's perception, it seems that the pure heart is also divided into power. This pure heart is enough to easily suppress the holy flames ranked in the top 30. It is a pity that Xiao Yan's three holy flames have now increased, and the power of the pure heart has also been suddenly destroyed. drop.

"Come on!" In the next instant, the corners of Xiao Yan's mouth became crazy, and a deadly awe filled his body.

"This guy... summoned three holy flames, what is he trying to do?" Seeing Xiao Yan's crazy eyes, the four flames surrounding his body became quiet, and then he slowly faced the With his palms close, the Demon Guard couldn't help but wonder.

"Fix it for me!"

"Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus!" It seemed to be roaring like a roaring beast, Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and the Fen Jue in his body was running at a high speed, and a trace of Dou Qi after being tempered by Fen Jue emerged, covering the four flames, and the four flames suddenly turned into flames. He had to calm down, and under the guidance of Xiao Yan, the fusion slowly began.

After all, this is not the first time to merge, so it is quite easy to merge all the way. For this reason, the dragon scales on Xiao Yan's arms are also bombarding Some skins are even under such hot flames , became fleshy and bloody.

"Crazy!"

"This guy is definitely a lunatic!" Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying scene, the other powerhouses in the five major courtyards were filled with fear, and immediately they did not hesitate, cast a ruthless glance at the immortal fire position, and then did not dare to have any After hesitation, the scrolls appeared in the palm of his hand, and all of them left here in an instant.

At this point, in the space filled with pure hearts, only Xiao Yan, the four demon guards, and the four souls were left.

"The Buddha is angry, and the ghosts and gods will be executed!"

"Three-and-a-half-color Buddha's wrath fire lotus!" Xiao Yan's pupils turned red, and his body was filled with vindictive energy and flames. Relying on his instinct, he threw the lotus seed that stood quietly on the beautiful lotus pedestal at the position of the four demon guards. go.

Wherever the flaming lotus seed lotus platform passed, the power of the pure heart shattered, and even the ever-steady void, a shattering sound could be heard incessantly.

"This guy will definitely be a big problem for our confidants in the future." Seeing Xiao Yan's actions, the Four Soul Venerable suddenly appeared, and hurriedly filled his body with ghost energy to protect himself, but this mere source of power obviously couldn't resist Xiao Yan's attack. The aftermath, after the respite, was completely submerged under the scorching fire.

"No...Impossible?" And the four demon guards tightened their eyes, filled with heart palpitations!

The holy flame is a deadly threat to the evil races outside the realm. The power generated by the fusion of three holy flames may be enough to obliterate the perfect powerhouse of the Five Star Fighting Immortals. .

At that time, a roaring explosion like a catastrophe resounded throughout the void!

The momentum is huge, like heaven's punishment!