Chapter Vol 4 1630: Mutated fighting skills, Phobos dominate!

"Boom!" A deafening sound, like a broken glass, was particularly harsh, resounding in this void.

"It's not too late, let's do it." The Lord of Soul Eater said when he noticed a trace of space vortex shaking.

The fourth floor is already dilapidated. The only way to solve it as soon as possible is to enter the core place. Otherwise, once the strong people of the Earth Spirit Academy find out what happened in the Earth Spirit Pagoda, they will send strong men to intercept Xiao Yan. This time the Earth Spirit Tower, can only be forced to give up.

And only by entering the deepest part of the Earth Spirit Pagoda can we avoid the pursuit of the dean of the Earth Court. Otherwise, once the eight-star fighting immortal-level Mo Tianwen comes after him, I am afraid it will be extremely difficult for the two of them to deal with them. After all, the ultimate strength of the current Soul Eater is only barely reaching the initial stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal. In addition, his identity cannot be revealed, and there are many limitations in strength, so the combat effectiveness has dropped extremely seriously.

"Okay." Xiao Yan nodded lightly.

"What great fortune is there in this fourth floor, I hope you don't let me down." The dark pupils stared at the black scroll in his hand, exuding a touch of fiery, and muttered, according to Xiao Zifan's solemn eyes just before he left. It is hard to see that the so-called Great Fortune is the scroll that the former gave him.

"Open!" After the breath, Xiao Yan gently stroked it with his palm, and a trace of the strongest pressure suddenly diffused from the black scroll.

Before that, Xiao Yan had already handed Xiao Zifan the details of Xiao Gui and how to find it, and in the end, the two of them escaped regardless of themselves, which is also what Xiao Yan meant, because with Xiao Zifan's strength, he would undoubtedly be able to leave with Xiao Yan, But Xiao Yan's purpose was not the fourth floor, so he refused, and after some persuasion, Xiao Zifan escaped with Yu Rou'er, leaving Xiao Yan behind.

"咻咻!" Immediately, waves of rippling shadow-type energy radiated dazzling light like a sea of ​​stars, illuminating the entire fourth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda.

"This is……"

"Shadow Lord?" Suddenly, Xiao Yan stared at the scroll in his hand and lost his voice.

At this time, on the surface of the black scroll, a black liquid like liquid slowly emerged from the scroll. Even through Xiao Yan's perception, this black liquid contained an extremely terrifying power. And this power is somewhat similar to the shadow master that Xiao Zifan just displayed!

The power and lethality of the Shadow Master is probably at the top of the shadow system, and the most important thing is that it can absorb power, so as to hide in the darkness, so as to find the opportunity of a fatal blow!

It may be rude to say that this fighting skill is similar to the summoning fighting skill, but the difference is that when the Shadow Master displays, it will imitate its own strength to create a shadow, and the shadow is like a killer lurking around the battle, once the enemy has any slack. , it is easy to cut its throat and obliterate it, and the shadow master's retreat cannot be detected. Unless some powerful light-type powerhouses, this fighting skill is an invincible existence.

Just imagine, once you are cast such a terrifying fighting skill, you can't relax at all times, and you have to worry about whether there is an enemy hidden in the dark at every moment.

"I didn't expect this guy to be so willing." Looking at the black liquid, the words "Shadow Lord" slowly emerged, and immediately stood silently above the black liquid. The Lord of Soul Eater did not expect it.

"Teacher, this fighting skill?" Xiao Yan asked with a hint of surprise in his heart. Obviously, this shadow master and black liquid are definitely not simple things.

"This thing should be enough to be in the category of immortal arts, but I don't know the specific grades, but the only thing that can be sure is that this is a very lethal fighting skill, and as long as it is displayed, you will not be required. In controlling it, because it has its own intelligence, it can float around the battle to find opportunities for a fatal blow, and this thing is your best helper during the battle." The Lord of Soul Eater explained.

"Good stuff." Xiao Yan grinned when he heard the words, and immediately focused his attention on it.

"Shadow Master... Lives with shadow-type energy, and uses energy to create tyrannical shadow creatures with tyrannical attack power. It can be said to be a real killer move." Seeing the simple introduction, Xiao Yan's heart became hot.

"Let's do it!" said the Master of Soul Eater.

"Come here!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his heart became hot, and the burning Jue deep inside his body ran at a high speed, and immediately absorbed the liquid on the black scroll.

"Shabu Shabu!" Attracted by Xiao Yan's violent fluctuations, the black liquid of the shadow system was also quite obediently following Xiao Yan's cultivation technique and flowed into his body.

"..." Time passed by minute by minute, and Xiao Yan sat for several days.

"It's the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortals!" One day, Xiao Yan's pupils opened wide, and a majestic aura permeated his body, and suddenly laughed.

Xiao Yan also did not expect that the energy of the shadow system actually raised his strength to the middle stage of the four-star fighting immortal.

"Where's the Shadow Master?" Suddenly, the Soul Eater asked.

"By the way, the Master of Shadows!" Xiao Yan heard the words and hurriedly searched in his own body. After all, the most important thing this time was the Master of Shadows, and the increase in strength was something unexpected.

"..."

"Why, why not?"

"Impossible... I cultivated according to the cultivation method in the scroll, swallowing the energy of the shadow system, and after the compression of the bucket core, the spiritual seed of the shadow **** was formed in the body, so that as soon as the spiritual seed was activated, the shadow dominion would become It will show up, but why is there no movement now?" Xiao Yan was puzzled, carefully sensing the situation in his body, and said depressedly.

"Weng Buzz!" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled Xiao Yan's body, the empty Dou Qi sea suddenly erupted with quite violent fluctuations!

In the sea of ​​fighting qi, at this time, there are only fire wood double bucket cores, together with fighting spirits and flaming beasts in a sleeping state, and at this time, the bright fluctuations erupted, and it was a black light spot, this black light spot was like breaking through Entering an unfamiliar place, he was met with fierce resistance from several others.

"This should be the spiritual seed dominated by shadows, but..." Xiao Yan was feeling depressed, but the color of the spiritual seed in the Dou Qi Sea slowly changed from black.

"Sisi!" The dazzling flame aura emerged directly from the fire element's core, and then, like an enemy who had invaded his own territory, it blasted away at the spiritual seed dominated by the shadows. Immediately, the black spiritual seed's The color changed from pitch black to a rather weird fiery red.

"Xuuuu!" At the same time, behind Xiao Yan's body, with the help of the weak light, a red phantom slowly emerged.

"Master." In an instant, the void became quiet, and then the red shadow behind Xiao Yan suddenly spoke.

"This is... the Lord of Shadows?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"Wait... No, in this case, I am afraid it is the shadow master after the mutation, because there is no shadow energy in his body, just extremely rich fire energy." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"If that's the case, let's call you the Master of Fire Guard!" Xiao Yan smiled contentedly upon seeing this.