Chapter Vol 4 2089: Semi-Forbidden Technique vs Dominant Body! (superior)...

"Boom!" The entire medicine valley is filled with extreme depression, even if the two attacks have not completely let go, the ripples of flame energy spread everywhere, filling the place with an extremely depressing smell of gunpowder.

"My good guy, the eighth peak actually erupted with such a fierce fighting atmosphere, I don't know who is fighting for it..." At this moment, in the medicine valley, Yao Yichen and others have already started refining the medicinal pills, so they can only divide the Take a moment to pay attention.

"You actually handed down all of your Three Profound Karmic Fire and Flame Mantle to Yan Xuan. Ancestor Yanyun, you are really willing to invest your money." Looking at the splendid scenery of the two offensives in the Medicine Valley, the old Shen Xi was strangely aura of yin and yang. muttered.

Sanxuan Yehuo is the famous skill of the ancestors of Yanyun. This guy is very talented and devoted to the research of flames all day long. Although there is no great chance to obtain holy flames, after gathering dozens of fire-type great powers, he spends a lot of time. Hundreds of years ago, this flame was created by itself.

The color of the Sanxuan Yehuo was brown, and its power surpassed that of the Great Heavenly Seed. Under the pride of Yanyun's ancestors, he believed that its flame was vaguely comparable to that of the Holy Flame.

"Boom!" Without waiting for the voices of the outside world to fall, the two internal attacks instantly let go. Above the entire eighth peak, countless heaven and earth energies escaped everywhere, and even a trace of space was distorted by it.

"Crush it!"

"Burn it!" The two pushed out the attack at the same time, and snorted coldly.

"Bang Bang Bang!" Violent energy ripples raged out like lightning storms, causing the whole world to become turbulent!

Using the power of mortals to inspire the power of heaven and earth is truly terrifying!

"Kacha kacha!" The brown light mirror that looked fierce, but when it touched Xiao Yan's Shattered Rock Burial, cracks appeared one after another, apparently unable to withstand the attack of the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock's original technique, I'm afraid it will rest. Then it will completely explode.

"The mere mortal fire is also trying to compete with the fire of the holy flame. It's ridiculous!"

"Shut up!" There was a sneer at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth, so he squeezed the palm of his hand heavily, the huge ball shattered, and a thick breath suppressed Yan Xuan, and the brown light mirror was like a piece of glass, completely disintegrated, An unprecedented crisis of death haunts his mind.

The fire of holy flame is the king of fire, how can it be shaken by the flame created by mere mortals?

"Holy flame... It's as terrifying as the rumors say."

"However, this also strengthens my belief that I must get you, even at any cost!" At this moment, a touch of ancient sacred power slowly swept out of Yan Xuan's body, and a rare madness appeared on his face. The celestial burial exploded, and some cracks appeared in the void of the mountain range, but Xiao Yan did not find the energy in this world, and he had already begun to stir, and the source of it was probably related to Yan Xuan!

"Crash!" After the restlessness, Yan Xuan's clothes were disheveled, his breath was almost sluggish, and the scarlet scars were extremely conspicuous, and Yansuantian Burial became quiet, just above Yanxuan's eyes. There was no fear at all, instead there was a frenzy like a madman, staring at Xiao Yan.

"En?" At this moment, Xiao Yan was a little puzzled.

"..." The outside world was silent!

Who would have imagined that this arrogant son of the Yan Clan, who was hailed as the hottest champion, would become so vulnerable under the attack of an unknown person?

From the beginning to the end, Xiao Yan only stood in the air, and the flames emerged to form a rock ball, causing Yan Xuan to be seriously injured?

How to fight this?

All of a sudden, everyone could not help but take a deep breath, I am afraid that Yan Xuan has missed the chance to win the championship.

"Something's wrong." Xun'er, Yaoyun and the others are women, and their keen sense of smell made them smell a trace of abnormality from Yan Xuan's demeanor. Combined with the calmness on Yan Yun's ancestor's face, they couldn't help but say.

"It's an honor for an unknown person to be able to force Yan Xuan to use his ability to press the bottom of the box."

"The holy flame on Xiao Yan's body, I, the Yan clan, accepted it with a smile, and I hope the Yao clan chief will not let unrelated people break the rules of the grand ceremony." Yan Yun's ancestor smiled lightly, very calmly and calmly.

"This guy seems very confident." Yao Wan Wan and the others shrugged undeniably.

"I don't know who will kill the deer... I hope Senior Yanyun won't regret it." Xun'er sat up as if nothing happened.

No matter how tyrannical Yan Xuan is, he cannot be Xiao Yan's opponent, because Xun'er has unreserved trust in Xiao Yan.

...

"Little chops!"

"You forced me to do this!"

"You are very strong, but you will definitely regret angering me, so next, feel the embrace of death carefully!"

"Light Forbidden Technique, Heaven's Sad Rainbow!" A wild beast-like madness emerged from the corner of Yan Xuan's mouth, and the piercing Yinbei was like a goddess of light standing at the top of this world, reading out the judgment order.

"What?" At this moment, many pharmacists who had already started refining medicine on the mountain just felt that the world was turned upside down, and the quiet energy of the world was suddenly mobilized in some way, with a violent aura, facing Yan Xuan close to the past!

Countless energies of the heavens and the earth have turned into strands of pure white filaments, which contain the sacred and inviolable aura of the strongest.

Sadness, fear, pain...

Countless senses fill the minds of everyone present, and it seems that under this kind of power, they themselves are extraordinarily small and powerless.

"Ancestor Yanyun, are you crazy?" After the blink of an eye, Xun'er stood up directly from the seat and roared out with anger.

"Humph!"

"Little girl, this is a grand ceremony for the medicine clan, but it's not a child's play!"

"The strong come first, and the weak are only worthy of worship at the bottom of the world." Ancestor Yanyun sneered disdainfully.

"If he suffers any loss, I will flatten your entire Yan clan." After Xun'er finished speaking, he sat down again in Zadu, but there was a golden pattern on the center of his eyebrows, which became more and more intense. That kind of fluctuation made it as strong as medicine. The clan chief has a hint of suspicion It seems that he has seen this thing before!

"Everyone, don't be impatient, the ceremony experience will inevitably lead to casualties, this is something that has been warned." Looking at such a hot scene, Yao Xuanyi looked like an old man.

"I'm afraid this little girl's origin is also extremely terrifying." Yao Wan Wan's expression was extremely ugly. From the golden lines that flashed between his eyebrows, even he could smell a real astonishment!

In a short while, the entire mountain range was humming and shaking, the energy of heaven and earth was deprived, and a scene of light from the sky gathered around the scarred Yan Xuan, but Yan Xuan's face covered a trace of unstoppable madness!

After auctioning the Forbidden Technique scroll, Ancestor Yanyun gave it to himself, and he had already groped for it within a month. Although he could not fully perform it now, even if it was to activate the Forbidden Technique, with its small semi-forbidden technique level power, Enough to smash Xiao Yan to pieces!

Once Xiao Yan is destroyed, his soul power and his holy flame will be in his pocket!

At that time, wouldn't it be as easy as the palm of your hand to step into the soul power of the "Yuanyuan" realm, as well as the eighth-grade alchemist of the holy order?