Chapter Vol 4 1829: Mutiny, 4 dragon lock coffins come!

"Lin Fengya?"

"Do you know what you're doing?"

"You are blaspheming God's will, you are questioning the king's power, you are seeking your own death!" On the altar, one of the ten elders, the old man on the tiger seat, heard the words, had a violent temper, and got up directly, an extremely terrifying expression. The oppression suddenly spread over the entire altar.

"Hahaha, Hu Lao, you are old and strong, but if you hand over the huge Tianxing Continent to a weak woman, wouldn't you destroy the foundation of our country for hundreds of generations?"

"I'm not at ease, and since I'm a prince, I also want to do my part for the empire..." Lin Fengya's face was ashen, her eyes staring at Lin Yunshu like a wolf. mind.

"Where did Yuan Shou go?" At this moment, Xiao Yan found that Yuan Shou, who had been standing beside the stone monument, had disappeared without a trace. There were only ten elders left, but Xiao Yan also had expectations. This Lin Fengya He actually dared to challenge ten seven-star fighting immortal elders. If this guy is not a first-class idiot, I am afraid he came prepared.

"Don't disperse for a while, go out and join the main force first." Seeing the tense situation, Xiao Yan in black robe used his soul power to say to the princess.

"I'm afraid things are not so simple." The princess heard the words, and the huge aura was released.

"What nonsense!"

"Lin Fengya has betrayed. According to the rules of our clan, he must be hanged. In the name of my royal tiger general and elder, we will arrest Lin Fengya and do it!"

"If there is any selfish person, deal with it according to the clan rules!" Hu Lao snorted coldly, his eyes locked on Lin Fengya. As for the other nine old people around him, after hesitating for a while, there were signs of action.

"Steward Tian, ​​you are responsible for the overall situation!"

"Let me see if the strength of the ten elders is as terrifying as the rumors say!"

"Boom!" Lin Fengya's voice just fell, and an extremely astonishing aura roared and filled the entire altar in an instant. Among those auras, there was not only a strong living wood attribute aura, but even a hint of it. Obscure gloomy atmosphere.

"Seven Stars Fighting Immortals?"

"You actually colluded with Soul Palace?" Hu Lao said in surprise when he saw Lin Fengya's scene.

"Little girl, let's send you to **** first." Without any hesitation, Lin Fengya moved, raised his palm, a halo of green light and black light perfectly blended with suffocating power, his body slightly raised, He roared directly at Lin Yunshu.

"Humph!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan took a step forward and raised his palm as well. Green light and flames emerged from under the black robe, directly facing Lin Fengya.

"Boom!" The tyrannical oppressive breath of the two turned into a ripple of energy that spread out completely.

"So strong..." Such a simple collision caused Xiao Yan to take dozens of steps back before he could stabilize his figure.

"Soul stone, do it!" With a cold snort, Lin Fengya was a little surprised, but still said to the figure behind him.

As for Lin Feng and his guards, as well as Yuan Shou, taking advantage of the war, they slowly disappeared here.

"Go ahead, arrest him!" At this time, the figures of the ten elders exploded, surrounding Lin Fengya.

Ten Seven Star Fighting Immortals shot, even Lin Fengya could not escape!

"Gululu!" The strength of the soul stone was only that of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal, but as Lin Fengya's voice fell, the black robe all over his body suddenly burned, and after a while, it turned into a black mist.

"Crack!" Just when everyone hesitated, the black mist formed by the soul stone quietly broke the roof on the top of the altar and poured into the roaring dark cloud in the sky!

"Clang!" Injected by the black mist of the soul stone, the dark cloud was like a boiling demonic cauldron, and a palpitating evil aura permeated uncontrollably.

"It's raining?" After the blink of an eye, droplets of black raindrops gently dripped down from the dark clouds, accompanied by screams and coldness.

"It's not rain... It's the emperor's soul that is about to come, and the four dragons lock the coffin. Lin Fengya is really a lunatic." At this moment, Xiao Yan also noticed something. Tightening, with the help of the power of the soul, the perception penetrated the dark clouds and saw the terrible things hidden in the depths.

"Crash!" In the dark clouds, black raindrops kept dripping, I don't know what harm it is, but there is indeed something extremely terrifying, which is slowly being born and coming!

"Xuuuu!" On the other side, Lin Fengya managed to get entangled with ten elders in a short period of time, but with the passage of time, failure is only a matter of time.

"Susu...I won't play with you anymore."

"Enjoy the grand event before the end!" Lin Fengya finished speaking, a madness flashed across the depths of his eyes.

"Gululu!" With a sound, Lin Fengya's figure was like a pool of black energy, and suddenly dissipated here. It was obviously a unique method of the Soul Palace, and many elders could only do nothing.

"This beast!" Upon seeing this, the ten elders couldn't help but exasperatedly said.

"Ladies and gentlemen, look!" After a while, Lin Yunshu's beautiful eyes flickered slightly, looking at a magnificent building that slowly fell out of the thunder cloud above the sky.

"Lin Fengya?"

"Four Dragons Locking the Coffin?" Hearing the princess' voice, the ten elders looked up, but saw a shocking and terrifying scene.

"This lunatic..." At this moment Xiao Yan also raised his head, but a trace of remorse emerged. If he hadn't rashly sneaked into Lin Fengya's underground palace, I am afraid that this election, Lin Fengya would not It will be so slanted.

At this time, in the entire Tianyuan Mountains, many black raindrops slowly dripped. At the same time, at the top of the sky, countless vast and majestic energies of heaven and earth gathered towards it. It roared out, and behind the energies of the heavens and the earth, a terrifyingly huge creature slowly appeared.

In the thundercloud, the cold and tyrannical aura coexisted, and the four huge creatures were as motionless as ever, and at the center of the four huge creatures, a black object appeared gently.

The Four Dragons Lock Coffin, the most tyrannical seal fighting skill in the Star Continent!

Once locked by the four dragons, even the eight-star fighting immortals cannot break free, and can only be reduced to the guardian of the dragon corpse.

Four dragon corpses, each 100 meters long, on the steel-like body, like the divine pattern poured out by human beings with bright red blood, bursting with the brilliance of the exclusive dragon family, above the dragon claws, there is no Light, but the dragon's horns are sparkling, and the endless power of the bearer contains the power that is difficult for mortals to touch, which is depressing!

The four dragons locked the coffin, and it was located above the center of the four dragon corpses, and a familiar breath poured into everyone's heart.

"The soul of the emperor...?" An exclamation suddenly emerged from the mouths of the ten elders.