Chapter Vol 4 1065: recuperate

With the Snake King taking Xiao Yan down, Xiao Yan also started a journey of retreat. After all, the fact that the sect competed to withdraw from the sect made Xiao Yan clearly aware of his weakness.

"Damn...power." Xiao Yan sat in a quiet stone room, clenched his fists, and couldn't help roaring.

He knew that this time, if it wasn't for the luck of Xiao Yi and Long Yi, as well as Mu Yingying and the strong men of the Medusa clan, I'm afraid his end would not be much better.

"The current strength has reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, so let's talk about restoring the strength first." Xiao Yan also knew that he couldn't eat hot tofu in a hurry, so he said in a deep voice.

As soon as the words fell, Xiao Yan swallowed the pills one by one, and as the pills were devoured, the power in Xiao Yan's body also recovered rapidly, and he recovered a lot in a short period of time.

Although the damage in this battle is not small, there are so many magical medicines, and it is only a matter of time before they recover.

"You kid's resilience really makes people slap their tongues secretly." After a few hours, the Soul Devouring Talisman also floated out and said to Xiao Yan.

"Senior." Seeing the appearance of the Soul Eater Talisman, Xiao Yan also said respectfully.

Xiao Yan knew that the Soul Eater Talisman was the twelve evil soldiers of the ghost world, with infinite power, and inside it was hidden a strong man like the Soul Eater.

"Your current strength is still in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor. Although this battle has put a lot of load on you and has allowed you to successfully reach the peak of the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, the breakthrough is still one step short." Soul Eater said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded secretly.

"That's right, Saint Flame Crystal." The next moment, the Soul Eater Talisman said.

"Weng buzzing." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded immediately, and a strong excitement emerged!

The blue-colored holy flame crystal of the ghost face and soul flame gently appeared on Xiao Yan's palm. Even if there was no power overflowing at this time, but only a hint of mild temperature, Xiao Yan knew the powerful power contained in the ghost face and soul flame!

Not to mention anything else, the fact that Ghost Face and Soul Flame ranks as high as twenty-four is enough to prove its power.

You must know that when Xiao Yan devoured Huoxin Tianyan at the beginning, his strength had skyrocketed. Now that he devoured Ghost Face Soul Flame, his skyrocketing strength is probably obvious to all.

"Try it first to see if it can be swallowed." As Xiao Yan looked at it, the Soul Eater Talisman spoke directly.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded and agreed.

The next moment, he sat cross-legged directly, and then deep inside his body, Fen Jue started to run at a high speed, and circles of invisible power emerged directly, wrapping the ghost face and soul flame tightly.

"Weng Om Om!" Seemingly aware of Xiao Yan's release of Fen Jue's power to devour himself, a dazzling ray of light erupted above the blue holy flame crystal.

"Damn it!" And with the appearance of that light, Xiao Yan's complexion also became ugly.

"Sure enough..." Seeing this, Soul Eater shook his head slightly, obviously this scene had been expected.

"Senior, what's going on?" Xiao Yan also gave up the idea of ​​swallowing Ghost Face Soul Flame. After all, Sheng Yanjing produced such a strong resistance.

"According to my guess, it should be related to the Gorefiend." Soul Eater said.

"Blood Demon Envoy?" And when Xiao Yan heard the name, he couldn't help being shocked.

"In the River of Blood, we did kill the Gorefiend, but that was only half of his power."

"If I expected it well, you can only devour this holy flame if you completely obliterate the Gorefiend... After all, this holy flame suppresses the Gorefiend in the Demon Suppression Domain." Soul Eater said.

"It should be like this." Xiao Yan nodded secretly after hearing this.

"Then let's wait." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he just wanted to put away the holy flame crystal, but he found that above the blue holy flame crystal, a cyan flame slowly emerged into his body!

"Shabu-shabu!" Xiao Yan's expression changed greatly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This is..." Xiao Yan frowned, obviously not knowing the reason for this, but from the blue flame, he smelled a holy flame that was stronger than his own Fire Heart Tianyan.

"Good boy."

"I never imagined that your power to kill half of the blood demons would actually be recognized by Saint Flame Crystal."

"Although you can't devour it now, you can use the power of the Holy Flame Crystal." The Soul Eater is indeed well-informed, and smiled directly.

"Can you use it or not?" Xiao Yan was stunned, and said something slightly.

"Yes." Soul Eater said with a smile.

"It's interesting now." When Xiao Yan heard this, he also laughed happily.

In the past, in the Dou Qi Continent, his most powerful ultimate move was the fusion of different fires, but when he came to the Dou Di continent, the power of the different fires was not enough to instantly kill the powerhouses of the same level, but the holy flame appeared again.

Now that the two holy flames can be used, Xiao Yan has a crazy idea to fuse them, and he doesn't need to think about it to know that if the fusion is successful, I am afraid that such power will definitely create a new system!

"Senior, this junior has a ruthless request." After collecting the Saint Yanjing, Xiao Yan also said respectfully to the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Let's talk." The Soul Eater Talisman looked at Xiao Yan, as if he had already guessed Xiao Yan's intentions.

"I want to save Yanchi." Xiao Yan also said with a firm expression.

"Hey, boy, you have to think clearly."

"Yanchi is originally a holy flame. How could it be controlled by a foreign evil clan? There must be some unknown secrets in it."

"And in this mysterious royal family, I don't know why, there is a faint power that makes me a little jealous." Soul Eater said.

"I promised Mu Yingying that we could save Yanchi, and we can be considered Erqing." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"Mu Yingying...that's a good girl and not to mention that she is also a holy flame, should you consider accepting her..." The Soul Eater Talisman suddenly joked.

"Come on, if the two of my family knew about this, I'm afraid I wouldn't be able to eat it and walk around..." After the Soul Eater Talisman finished speaking, the faces of Xun'er and Cailin appeared in Xiao Yan's mind.

Xiao Yan knew that although Xun'er looked like a good girl in front of him, how could she be a simple person who could be the proud daughter of the entire ancient clan, not to mention Cai who had the mighty and fierce name of Queen Medusa. scale.

"Don't worry, even if this Xuanling royal family is a sea of ​​swords and flames, my Soul Eater will definitely accompany you to make a foray."

"But after it's done, you have to go with me to the ghost world to understand some of my wishes." said Soul Eater.

"No problem." Xiao Yan agreed immediately after hearing this.

"Now... just wait for the time to come. I'm afraid there will be a big move in the Xuanling royal family."

"However, during this time, you should prepare the things that devour the holy flame," said Soul Eater.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded secretly when he heard the words, the materials he had prepared for swallowing holy flames were enough for Xiao Yan to swallow up those ranked twenty-fourth and later, and the ghost face soul flame was just within this standard.

As for the things needed to devour the holy flame, except for Xu Shengdan, which has not yet been refined, everything else has been prepared.

Just do what you say, and immediately prepare to start refining medicine pills.

However, when Xiao Yan was refining Xu Shengdan, unknown things happened outside.