Chapter Vol 4 903: Green Ladder!

"Shabu Shabu!" The four of them walked straight into the ancient tree in unison!

And as the four stepped into the ancient tree, they immediately headed towards the top of the ancient tree.

"Don't go, if we follow in, we'll be exposed." Just when Xuan Muqing was about to step into the ancient tree, Mu Xuzi took her by the hand and said.

"Okay." Xuan Mu had no choice but to do it when he saw this.

As for Fen Tian and Zhu Jin, under the cover of Zhu Jin's special formation, whether it was their strength or their figures, it seemed as if they had disappeared. They stood beside Xuan Muqing and the two, waiting for the success of the four of them.

"This is……"

"Stairs?" The four of Lingmengsheng had just rushed into the ancient tree, and suddenly found that there was actually a cave inside.

Maybe from the outside, this is just a huge ancient tree with roots and stems of hundreds of meters, but at this time inside the ancient tree, the four people know what is here.

In front of the four of them, it turned out to be an extremely huge space, and in that space was a scene of spiral staircases paved with countless green leaves!

And for some unknown reason, Reimu felt that these tricks should have been specially prepared by the guy at the top of the ancient tree.

"The inside of this ancient tree should be a closed space." At this time, Tian Lao suddenly spoke.

Looking at Tian Lao's opening, Ling Mengsheng also glanced at it. In this huge space of 100 meters, there is nothing else other than these spiral green stairs!

This feeling of emptiness made the four of them extremely unhappy.

"Let's go." Ling Mengsheng is indeed a strong man at the peak of Dou Di. He knew this was a dangerous place, so he took the lead in walking.

"Boom boom boom!" Just as Ling Mengsheng was walking on his feet, a vine with a thick arm suddenly appeared on the green stairs, and then attacked directly at Ling Mengsheng's limbs!

Looking at this appearance, it is obvious that he wants to bind Reimu Sheng's limbs, thereby restricting his movements!

"There are enemies!" Since Lingmengsheng entered the ancient tree, he knew that the four of them would encounter the attack of the guardian in the dark at any time, so Lingmengsheng was always vigilant, and now he was attacked by this vine, Naturally, it was a clever turn around, dodging the past directly.

"Flame Blade!" Just after dodging the vine's attack, Reimu Sheng also counterattacked in an instant!

On the palm of the hand, the power of life and death instantly appeared, and immediately surrounded the palm, turning into an extremely sharp flame blade.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Dong, dong, dong!" The next moment, Ling Mengsheng turned around, and the flame blade in his hand slashed directly at the vine.

After a while, the vine was chopped in half.

"What a quick attack." The young man was at the back, and he saw everything that happened before.

The vines appeared silently, even without warning!

This makes it impossible to guard against.

And the seemingly simple attack just now actually contained extremely fierce killing intent. If Reimu Sheng's reaction was a half beat slower, he would probably be severely injured by the vines with the power of destruction.

"Have you found anything?" Ling Mengsheng had just solved the strange vine, and immediately turned his head and asked the three of them.

"I'm afraid this space..."

"It's the exclusive space for the person above!" At this time, the second old man in the world looked extremely ugly, and then he spoke slowly.

"If you say that, the guy above should be a genuine fighting immortal strong..." Hearing this, Ling Mengsheng did not flinch at all, and even the blood in his body became vaguely hot. stand up!

Once upon a time, Lingmengsheng was a rare genius in the entire Burning Incense Pavilion. If he hadn't encountered the news of his wife's death and lied about his death, if he hadn't been troubled by this knot in his heart, I'm afraid his strength would have been a real Fighting Immortal!

This knot has plagued Lingmengsheng's strength for nearly 20 years and has not improved, but even so, he can't suppress Lingmengsheng's talent, so for this immortal warrior, Lingmengsheng is naturally eager to try.

After all, only fighting is the best way to improve your strength.

"Then fight him." When the old man heard this, he naturally didn't take a step back.

Although Qing Lao's strength is still a long way from the peak of Dou Di, Qing Lao also has confidence, even in the face of Dou Xian strong, there is some effect, not to mention, there are still Lingmengsheng and Tiandi Er Lao.

Fighting is never alone.

"Oh?"

"These little guys still have some strength." Above the canopy of the ancient tree, Dong Xuan slowly controlled his strength and then spoke.

As for the vine attack that just attacked Lingmengsheng, it was from Dong Xuan's hands.

In a way, this ancient tree is Dong Xuan's domain!

It's just that Dong Xuan's strength is only a beginner in Dou Xian, and in the early stage of one-star Dou Xian, he is far from the ability to form Dou Xian domain, so with the help of some secrets in the ancient tree, he can barely control the inner space of the ancient tree.

In this space, Dong Xuan's strength will be infinitely magnified, while the strength of Lingmengsheng's group will be suppressed. Under the circumstance that the other is growing, Dong Xuan naturally has an absolute chance of winning.

"Forget it, let's play with you." After Dong Xuan finished speaking, he slowly put away the power in his palm, then glanced at the mother of the fairy bodhi tree slowly, and walked under the ancient tree. go.

"The attack suddenly disappeared?" Accompanied by the intermittent attacks, Rao was Ling Mengsheng, and he was in a hurry, but after a while, the four of them discovered that the attack had actually stopped...

"That breath, it's coming down." Ling Mengsheng suddenly said in a deep voice, with an unusually dignified expression on his cheeks.

And following Reimengsheng's opening, the two elders of heaven and earth and Qinglao stopped the movements in their hands at the same time, and then slowly looked at a slowly creeping space above the steps of green leaves.

"Guru , the slowly wriggling space suddenly shattered, and an old man with white hair appeared from inside.

"Sure enough..."

"Douxian..." After feeling the unfathomable abyss-like strength of the old man in front of him, Ling Mengsheng smiled slowly, but beneath the smile, there was a hidden killing intent!

"The old man, Xuanling, is enshrined by the royal family."

"Dong Xuan."

"Responsible for guarding the sixth floor of the underground palace."

"I don't know why Ji Ji came here, why?" Dong Xuan seemed to ask knowingly.

"That's for asking."

"We came here naturally because we heard that Dong Xuan is very powerful, so we came here to ask for some advice." Ling Mengsheng took over the words and said.

In the tone of voice, that terrifying aura is no less than that of a Fighting Immortal powerhouse!

"I don't know if your Excellency is a person?" Dong Xuan is gentle and elegant. After all, his absolute confidence in his own strength will not give Lingmeng an opportunity.

"Listen to me."

"The Hall Master of the Burning Incense Pavilion!"

"Ling Mengsheng!" After Ling Mengsheng finished speaking, the heaven-shattering fighting spirit suddenly burst out.

"Oh?"

"It's actually the person from Burning Incense Pavilion."

"King Xuanling said that if you meet someone in the Fenxiang Pavilion, you will kill without mercy." Dong Xuan's originally indifferent face suddenly showed a chilling meaning!

As the two sides are evenly matched, a war is about to break out.