Chapter Vol 2 798: Dangerous hidden weapon!

"Go away!" Xiu Qidai frowned, obviously not knowing why this Ming Sect disciple came here.

Mingjiao has always been contradicted by the major sects in Xuantian three days. Someone once offered a sky-high price to try to kill the head of the super sects. After the failure, the Mingjiao was directly attacked by several super sects to attack Guangmingding, trying to destroy the entire sect. The Ming Cult was wiped out, but it failed in the end. The danger of the top of the light far exceeded their imagination. Since then, the Ming Cult has also restrained, and some assassinations have been carried out in secret, but it has not made the super sect angry. .

"Hey, Miss Xiuqi, the ruins are extremely dangerous, and there are many friends and many paths."

"And I think you guys are weak, so why don't you go with me and take care of each other." Xu Guang opened his mouth slightly.

"No need."

"Where did you go back from?" Xiu Qi refused directly to Xu Guang's invitation.

Mingjiao's behavior is too weird, and it's a natural killer organization. With such a team of people who are willing to betray teammates for profit, Xiu Qi will definitely not do it.

"You!" Seeing this, the little entourage beside Xu Guang shouted angrily.

"Hehe, I don't know what you are doing here?" Seeing this, Xu Guang immediately stopped the little followers behind him. This is not the Ming Cult. The strength of his followers is only a six-star fighting emperor, and Xiu Qi is a seven-star fighting emperor. After being beheaded, Xu Guang would also have a slight pain in his flesh.

"What's your business?" Seeing this, Xiu Qi immediately knew Xu Guang's strength. In the early days of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, he snorted coldly, and there was no fear in his voice!

When Xu Guang heard the words, he immediately turned his gaze to the purple bamboo forest in front of him, but he smelled a dangerous aura from the purple bamboo forest!

"These guys are clearly the first people to enter the ruins, why are they staying here?"

"Could it be that there is something in the ruins?" Xu Guang thought for a moment, then gestured behind his back to his little entourage.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This..." The little follower immediately understood Xu Guang's intention when he saw Xu Guang's gesture.

Because this gesture, in their Ming Cult, is clearly a signal of attack!

"Go ahead, I'm afraid they are waiting for something here!" After a while, Xu Guang suddenly snorted coldly, and then the dazzling energy of life suddenly appeared around him!

"Humph!" Xiu Qi seemed to have long known that Xu Guang would do something to them, and immediately snorted coldly, and the same huge energy of life immediately emerged from her body.

"Be careful of their hidden weapons!" Xiu Qi said coldly to the crowd behind her.

With so many people behind him, it would be unrealistic for everyone to protect them, but Xiu Qi knew that the focus of protection was Yueru, regardless of her status as the inheritor of Yueru or the perfect strength of the Five-Star Dou Emperor.

"I've heard about the strength of Wanhua Pavilion in the early days of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, and it's pure fire used to move flowers and trees. I'm fortunate to see it today. It's as powerful as the rumors say." It's even brighter!

"Try it and you'll know!" Xiu Qi snorted coldly, and her figure shot directly at Xu Guang!

Now that Xiu Qi and Xu Guang's strengths are both in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, the two can be said to be true powerhouses, so the two immediately fought each other.

"Moving flowers to join trees?" Yueru heard the words, her beautiful eyes filled with surprise.

Although I knew for a long time that my senior sister was the most outstanding disciple of Wanhua Pavilion, but now I am a little surprised to hear that my senior sister has successfully cultivated flowers and trees.

Moving Flowers and Joining Trees is a set of Saint-level fighting skills and exercises. The use of a complete set is enough to make Xiuqi leapfrog battles. So even though Xiuqi is in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di, but with the advantages of martial arts and fighting skills, leapfrog battles are also possible. Not a problem.

This is the most precious thing in Wanhua Pavilion. It is said that only the direct disciples of the pavilion master can cultivate. Although Yueru can also cultivate, but Yueru has not contacted it yet.

"Hehe, you guys, let me meet you." The next moment Xu Guang's little entourage showed a strange smile, staring at Mu Yingying and the others.

"I'll go with her, and you guys will protect Yueru." Mu Yingying hesitated, facing Mu Feng behind her, and said Leng Fuyao.

Seeing this, Qin Xin nodded immediately. Now her strength is the Six-Star Dou Emperor Consummation, and Mu Yingying's strength has also reached the late Six-Star Dou Emperor. As for Mu Feng and Leng Fuyao's strength, they are a little weak, so Mu Yingying does not will let them go on an adventure.

"Do it!" Mu Feng and Leng Fuyao heard the words, and just wanted to say something, but they heard Mu Yingying and Qin Xin's two voices shot at the same time!

"You two, you really look at me." Xu Guang's little entourage said something secretly, and then two rather obscure black things seemed to appear in the palm of his hand.

The two black things were wrapped by a black beam of light, and the light could not tell what it was from the outside, but one thing was certain, the danger that that thing brought to Mu Yingying and the two was no less than that of Seven Star Dou. Xu Guang in the early days of the emperor!

"Look at the move!" Qin Xin did not hesitate immediately, the dazzling energy of life in her hands suddenly gathered, forming an extremely huge flame palm, and attacked directly at Xu Guangxiao's entourage.

Mu Yingying was attacked by a tiny flame of in the palm of her hand.

"Boom boom boom!" Xu Guangxiao's entourage smiled slightly in the face of such a terrifying attack, as if he was not afraid of the attack of the two, but at the moment when the two attacked and just let go, on his palm, the mysterious thing Exudes a black breath directly!

"Dark Sky Star!"

"Break me!" Xu Guang's entourage stared at Mu Yingying and Qin Xin's slender figures resentfully. Since they can't get it, then die, a smile appeared in his eyes.

"not good!"

"It's too late!" Qinxin and Mu Yingying exclaimed at the same time, obviously not expecting that Xu Guang's entourage would be so insidious, using a hidden weapon, but there was a flash of shock in their hearts!

At this time, the offensive on the palms of the two women was extremely powerful, and they attacked Xu Guang's followers directly, but faced with their sudden hidden weapons, it was too late to defend. The two girls pierced through!

If such a terrifying hidden weapon penetrates, then its fate can be imagined.

"Haha, it's really a super sect to do this to the two women." Just when the two women were shocked and could do nothing, a gorgeous flame appeared in an instant, followed by a heavy back. Ruler man!

"Die!" Two splendid flames directly burned out the black dark star, and then behind Xiao Yan, the unusually splendid Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler shot directly at Xu Guang's entourage!

Ask for tickets!