Chapter Vol 4 1953: Breaking through the bone mountain, Xu Shao shot!

Outside, Xiao Yan was still cracking the Bone Mountain Barrier, and inside, a certain mountain range, one of several mountain ranges, was halfway up the mountain, in a rather prosperous medicine garden.

"Strange...why are you always restless recently?"

"It always feels like something big is about to happen..." At this moment, a shadowy figure squatted slightly, his palms squirmed, and countless ice silks turned into drops of rather soft water, which were poured away towards the medicinal herbs in front of him.

"Weng Om!" The medicinal herbs in front of him were so watered by the woman, making waves of humming waves, and seemed quite excited.

"Okay, the maintenance of Wanyao Garden has been completed, and it's time to take a medicinal bath."

"In a short while, I can also completely break through the shackles of the Six-Star Fighting Immortals. At that time, I can resign with the mistress and take up that thing."

"Xiao Clan, it's really an ancient name, but since you abandoned us ruthlessly, then I..." At this moment, this handsome brow slowly smiled, but at the end of the sentence, the coldness that froze all things Ice and hatred were released uncontrollably.

"Squeaky." After a few minutes, the configuration of the medicinal bath in Wanyaoyuan was completed. This beautiful figure slowly looked at the cold and overflowing spring pool in front of him, and there was a rare stubbornness in its beautiful eyes.

Medicated bath.

Although this kind of thing can greatly improve one's physique, in the long run, it has caused a lot of burden on one's body. If it weren't for the special holy flames in his body, I'm afraid he would not be able to bear it.

"Come on." With a slight murmur, on Qian Ying's body, a trace of silky clothes slowly fell off, revealing the delicate body with a pale face, its smooth and white jade feet, slowly stepping into the spring pool, It stirs up a little bit of water ripples, which is quite wonderful.

"Sisi!" Even though he has taken many medicinal baths, this time he entered it, and it gave this figure an extremely cold touch. Compared to the holy flame that devours the power of both heat and ice, it is only slightly inferior.

"Weng Om!" Immediately, this girl was immersed in the spring pool, and the colorful energy in the pool water kept flickering. It was obviously the rare medicinal material that she had projected before, but now it is turning into the purest power little by little. , gathers away in its body.

With a sound, Qian Ying only exposed above her neck, but at this time, two flames of different colors were slowly entrenched on top of her head. The faint signs of fusion!

Two holy flames!

If Xiao Yan was here, he would be surprised to find that these two colors of flames are two kinds of holy flames!

One of them was clearly the secluded blue and cold flames that he used when he met Su Xueying, a strange holy flame that interacted with cold and hot.

But now that the Saint Yan ranked after the 15th, Xiao Yan already knew that it was close to the 10th, and this flame was most likely ranked 10th to 15th!

This Su Xueying is probably not inferior to Xiao Yan in terms of strength and talent. Of course, the premise is that this girl does not have the determination, nor does she have the perseverance of Xiao Yan. In addition, as a woman, she is naturally a little weaker than Xiao Yan. .

"Is there agitation outside?"

"This is one of the places where Bone Mountain enters. I hope nothing will happen." Seeing the two groups of holy flames above her head slowly approaching, Su Xueying also ignored other concerns and murmured, and then her beautiful eyes closed gently and worked hard. Absorbing the power of the medicinal materials in the spring water, and neutralizing the two holy flames, the torture that was different from ordinary people and the fierce resistance of the two groups of holy flames above her head made Qiying slowly let out a low voice.

At this moment, in the turbid spring pool filled with the power of countless colorful medicinal materials, a beautiful figure soaked in it, only showing the head and the two extremely hideous holy flames. This scene is quite ornamental.

outside world.

"Strange...how can this thing never be broken?" After about a quarter of an hour, Xiao Yan found that no matter how much he increased his strength, it would suddenly disappear when it touched the edge of the bone mountain.

At first Xiao Yan thought it was a coincidence. After all, there were many poisonous barriers here, but as time went by, Xiao Yan realized that something was wrong.

"Soul strength, You Mingtian is stunned!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly for a moment, and suddenly a strange cry slowly filled this huge land of corpses!

"Not good!" At this moment, a certain void above the bone mountain in front of him shattered like an ice surface, and a crack of about ten feet slowly emerged.

"I found you." Xiao Yan sneered, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire stood up behind him, his figure flickered, and he walked directly towards him.

"Pfft!" The two guards suddenly said Xiao Yan's words when they thought that Xiao Yan was a strong man who was proficient in soul power.

"What?" The two of them just felt dark in front of them, and suddenly a hole was poked out of the Bone Mountain Barrier. A silent black-shirted man approached them and couldn't help but look behind them.

"Two...Let's lead the way." Xiao Yan said with a slight smile, the strange fire Eternal Ancient Ruler was burning with extremely hot flames on the palm of his hand, and a threat of death swept the hearts of the two of them.

"Damn it..." Being threatened by Xiao Yan, the two of them immediately frowned and cursed in a low voice.

The two of them were dressed in rather strange clothes. They were wearing bamboo robes and hats. They were fierce and vicious. They even had a very strange aura, which made Xiao Yan feel a faint sense of intimacy.

Obviously, these two people should be the masterminds who prevented him from exploring the Bone Mountain, and even have a close connection with the so-called guardian of the Xiao family .

"Don't make useless struggles, I'm here to make a promise." Xiao Yan looked at the eyes of the two of them that looked at death as if they were at home, and immediately showed the blood in his body, a fierce oppression, like the mighty righteousness between heaven and earth, shocking with two people.

"Who are you?"

"Who the **** are you!" At this moment, the two guards shook violently, and immediately stepped back a few feet, looking at the genuine blood aura on Xiao Yan's body in disbelief, and lost their voices.

"As you can see... So, lead the way." Xiao Yan did not make any indifferent struggle, but smiled bitterly.

"You bastards, still have the face to come back?" At this moment, one of the two guards, who was always weak, had a blushing face and roared at Xiao Yan with scarlet eyes.

"Susu... Xiao Yan, thank you!"

"Let this hall master fall here completely!" Just as Xiao Yan and the two guards were arguing, a gloomy laughter, accompanied by countless evil roars, swept across the world.

That voice clearly belonged to Xu Shao, and in this power, in addition to the power unique to the Soul Palace, there is also a very special power, that is the power of faith!

"Come on!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's face darkened. He pushed the two towards the inner space of Gushan with a slight force in his palm. After blinking, the amber flames in his body condensed directly in front of him, and the hot waves of fire swept out, directly It collided with that power of faith.

For a time, the entire poison barrier was surging, and countless evil forces and gloomy souls made extremely harsh sounds, and Xiao Yan also followed the moment of the explosion, with the help of the terrifying impact, towards the inside of the Xiao Clan guardian.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: