Chapter Vol 4 1041: cunning!

"Qi Haoqing, let's capture it."

"Without the Xuanling Royal Family's four-day congregation, your Xuanling Royal Family is just a piece of scattered sand, and you can't make a climate." Mu Tianyuan, the senior brother of Fenxiang Pavilion, said aggressively to Qi Haoqing, who was at a disadvantage.

"Mu Tianyuan, don't be too happy, it's not certain who will die!" Seeing this, Qi Haoqing roared directly, but the veins on his forehead couldn't help bursting.

Before, with Xiao Yan and the members of the Xuanling Royal Family entering the Holy Flame Land, they and the seven people from the Fenxiang Pavilion Heavenly Palace had a big fight outside the Holy Flame Palace, but at this time, with the passage of time , obviously the winner has been decided.

There is no doubt about the strength of the seven people in the Heavenly Palace. The overall strength has reached the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and even the senior brother has reached the Seven Star Dou Emperor Consummation, which is only one step away from the Eight Star Dou Emperor. Qi Haoqing Their strength is much weaker than them, and being able to stop them for so long is considered powerful.

"You win... let us go." Qi Hao's face was extremely ugly. Obviously, he knew that even if he used the blood curse in his body, he would definitely not be able to defeat the seven people in the Temple of Heaven. After all, there were only five of them, and five Among the people, no one in strength can be tied with Mu Tianyuan.

"Hahaha!"

"Let go of you?"

"What a joke!"

"Last time, our Fenxiangge disciples suffered heavy losses. This time, we will bring back all of your Xuanling royal family!" After Mu Tianyuan finished speaking, his whole body flashed with fiery red vitality, and a monstrous fighting spirit suddenly emerged.

"These bastards..."

"When we come back, we will definitely make you die!" Qi Haoqing said viciously when he heard the words, and then did not hesitate, a dazzling vindictive aura also started, trying to defend against Mu Tianyuan's attack.

"Senior brother..." Seeing this, the other seven people in the Heavenly Palace all said something unanimously, because Mu Tianyuan's face was extremely ferocious at this time, and they were also afraid that the elder brother would go into trouble.

"Don't worry, I'm fine."

"But this time, I will fully understand the grievances from the last time!" Mu Tianyuan sighed slowly, then closed his pupils slightly, and a shocking breath suddenly burst out, but on top of that shocking breath, a faint trace appeared. Silky black aura, this black aura is as invasive as human death energy!

"The power of death?"

"My good fellow, you actually reached the threshold of the Eight-star Dou Emperor in such an instant." But Qi Haoqing's face turned ashen at this time. Mu Tianyuan was originally strong, but now he touched the threshold of the Eight-star Dou Emperor. For them, It is tantamount to a catastrophe!

"Everyone, follow me to kill the disciples of Fenxiangge!" Although Qi Haoqing knew that the five of them couldn't defeat the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, a senior brother from the Heavenly Palace could fight.

"Kill kill kill!" The other four experts of the Xuanling royal family frowned when they heard the words. They all knew that at this moment, it was time for a real crisis of survival!

"Fengtian Jue!" And Mu Tianyuan saw that Qi Haoqing and the other five did not show any signs of retreating, his eyes glowed with a majestic fighting intent, and then an indescribable tyrannical aura suddenly burst out!

"Blood Curse!"

"Resist me." Seeing the unstoppable terrifying force bursting out of Mu Tianyuan's body, Qi Haoqing's face was heavy, and the next moment, the five looked at each other, and an evil wave slowly enveloped the five's bodies. , in order to resist the fierce aura that suddenly erupted from Mu Tianyuan.

"This is……"

"The power of the evil clan outside the territory..." Mu Tianyuan's eyesight, he recognized the source of the evil power in Qi Haoqing's five people at a glance, and said immediately.

"Mu Tianyuan, in the previous sect competition, my Xuanling royal family almost wiped out your entire army of Burning Incense Pavilion. This time, I can!" Qi Haoqing's pupils glowed with an evil blood, and circles of evil forces continued to bleed from his body. The curse burst out.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Let's have a showdown!" Mu Tianyuan knew some secrets of the Xuanling royal family and the extraterritorial evil clan, so he was not too surprised, the corner of his mouth slightly raised a dangerous arc, and the dazzling offensive was in his hand.

"Blood burst!"

"Break it for me!" Behind Qi Haoqing, the four strong men of the Xuanling royal family continued to inject a steady stream of evil power into Qi Haoqing's body. Finally, in Qi Haoqing's body, an extremely blood-red evil aura was as vivid and scarlet as blood!

"Let me see if it is your Fenxiang Pavilion's Fentian Jue, or the **** blood of the Gorefiends!" Qi Haoqing shouted, and the dazzling evil power formed a huge skull directly in front of him. !

Among the blood-red skulls, if you look closely, there is a mass of blood that looks like blood-red blood, but the edges and corners are clear, and the pupils are filled with an evil aura that destroys everything, making the other six of the Burning Incense Pavilion appear. People can't help but feel stressed.

"Can the senior brother handle it..." Among the seven people in the Heavenly Palace, Luan Yu said worriedly.

"Definitely, the eldest brother's heart has been slowly opened, so he has reached the threshold of the Eight-star Dou Di." Third junior brother Huang Feikong laughed.

"If that's the case, then we'll be ready." Luan Yu heard the words, and the six people held their breaths.

"The humiliation of the previous time, this time I will take it all back!" After Mu Tianyuan finished speaking, the vitality of his body turned into a ferocious giant eagle, and the fiery red feathers set off his entire body to be extremely domineering, as if The eagle of the world is generally tyrannical!

"Burning Heaven Judgment!"

"Blood burst!" Er Dao Shi Po's shocking voice suddenly sounded slowly in this space.

"Crash!" The blood-red skull and the fiery-red giant eagle just collided, and a circle of invisible energy ripples suddenly spread out from the center of the explosion!

And Mu Tianyuan and Qi Haoqing were staring at each other. At this point, they knew that once their attack was defeated, they would likely cause extremely serious injuries!

"Damn..."

"If it goes on like this, we will die here sooner or later..." Qi Haoqing continued to supply the evil power to maintain the skull, while on the other hand, he was constantly trying to find a way.

With his perception, he knew that if the stalemate continued like this, it would only be them who would lose in the end!

"The four of you... it's time to do something!" After a while, Qi Haoqing suddenly turned around and said to the four members of the Xuanling royal family who were weak behind.

"Qi Haoqing, you can't..." The four powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family had just heard the words, and before they finished speaking, they were directly swallowed up by an incomparably evil aura, but there were still many flames left in the air.

And as Qi Haoqing suddenly devoured the four powerhouses of the Xuanling royal family, the aura all over his body suddenly skyrocketed, and in a short time, he reached the level of an eight-star fighting emperor!

"Hahaha!"

"Mu Tianyuan, let me see how you fight me!"

"Blood burst, burst it for me!" Suddenly the tyrannical Qi Haoqing burst out laughing, and then the two forces stalemate in the air, the fiery red giant eagle was suddenly swallowed up by the skull, and the **** skull did not stop. Traces of , continue to attack Mu Tianyuan!

This sudden scene obviously surprised the people who came back!

The eyes of the other six people in the Heavenly Temple became illusory, and then turned to look at the senior brother, but found that the gentle smile of the senior brother at this time was full of an invisible chilling meaning!