Chapter Vol 4 1210: get away

"This jade legacy is so reckless, if it weren't for his supernatural strength or some confidence, I'm afraid it wouldn't be like this..."

"But he may not know."

"The Frost Ancient Ape is not only a representative of strength, even after using its own ability "Frost", its defense power will rise to a higher level, and ordinary attack methods are useless to it." Xiao Yan looked at it.

The Jade Relics in the sky and the Frost Ancient Monkey, who was woken up by sleeping on the water, looked extremely angry, both of them were evenly matched.

"Humph!"

"Humanity!"

"I hate others ruining my sleeping time the most in my life." Frost Ancient Ape Beast Tong looked extremely angry, with a rather tyrannical aura in his tone, which was close to Jade Legacy.

Soul beasts and demon beasts are from the same lineage, but they are called differently in the human world and the ghost world, and after the soul beasts reach Dou Xian's strength, they have wisdom that is no weaker than that of humans, so it is quite a bit of a mouthful to speak. is normal.

"Stop talking nonsense, you admit defeat, or I will kill you!" Yu Yifeng said in a high and subzero tone.

"Humph."

"The three-star fighting immortal powerhouse is indeed tyrannical, but you forgot that this is my territory!" Frost Ancient Ape said disdainfully.

As soon as the voice fell, the body of the Frost Ancient Ape suddenly jumped, and it appeared on the horizontal plane in an instant, and walked on it!

"This guy can actually step on the horizontal surface, could it be from the water system..." Yu Yifeng was surrounded by the sky with the power of the cyan wind attribute, staring at the Frost Ancient Ape.

"Hohohoho!" The Frost Ancient Ape had just stepped on the horizontal surface, but without any pause, its huge arm suddenly fell into the water, and immediately brought up a sky-shattering water column with a size of several tens of meters, attacking the jade legacy wind. go.

"Shabu!" Those water columns were injected with the unique power of Frost Ancient Ape, with extremely terrifying fluctuations, and blasted away at the Jade Legacy Wind.

"Small worm-carving trick." Yu Yifeng snorted coldly, not in a hurry, the cyan hurricane all over his body suddenly spun at a high speed, and then there was an extremely terrifying spatial fluctuation, and the water column with terrifying attack power was easily resolved in an instant.

"It's interesting." Frost Ancient Ape couldn't help but be shocked when he saw this scene.

Its own strength is comparable to that of a human being in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian, but the strength of the human being in front of him is too terrifying.

"Power of Frost!" The next moment, Frost Ancient Ape didn't hesitate and called out loudly.

"This guy..." Yu Yifeng had just cracked the attack of the Frost Ancient Ape, and when he was about to attack, he was only shocked by the scene of the Frost Ancient Ape.

I saw that the huge body of the Frost Ancient Ape that originally set foot on the horizontal surface turned out to be a layer of silver ice faintly appearing!

The silver ice layer protects his entire body, like a fully armed warrior!

"The Frost Ancient Ape's defensive power is already tyrannical. After using Frost, the Frost Ancient Ape's defense power is at a higher level. The wind attribute destructive power is really good, but I am afraid it is on the Frost Ancient Ape's territory..." Xiao Yan hid Above the branches, watching the battle in the field slowly opened its mouth.

"Damn, careless." Seeing that the Frost Ancient Ape was fully armed in an instant, Yu Yifeng couldn't help but cursed secretly.

Originally, the Frost Ancient Ape in the late Two Star Fighting Immortal stage could kill him with one hit, but now it will waste a lot of time to display such a tyrannical defense.

"Hoohoho!" After the Frost Ancient Ape cast Frost, his huge hands slammed on his chest, roaring all over the sky, wanting to fight Yu Yifeng to the death!

"Beast, come on!" Yu Yifeng's expression changed when he saw this, and then the dazzling blue fighting spirit slowly condensed in his hands, and an extremely terrifying fluctuation slowly brewed.

"Frost Sword Rain!" Frost Ancient Ape roared, and immediately below the water surface, countless water droplets emerged. After these water droplets emerged, they turned into sharp ice swords under the gaze of the two, and then the speed skyrocketed. Facing the wind of jade relics above the sky, there are thousands of them. If an ordinary powerhouse encounters such a scene, I am afraid it is easy to be stabbed into a hornet's nest!

"Hahaha!"

"It's good, I'll let you taste the fluctuations of the wind!"

"Wind Thousand Blades!" Yu Yifeng looked up at the sky full of ice swords attacking, and laughed loudly, and then the cyan battle qi in his hand instantly condensed into a huge rectangular wind blade, directly facing the place where the Frost Ancient Ape was located below. Throw it away!

"Zi Zi!" Yu Yifeng's attacks were all condensed on his right hand, the dazzling wind attribute vindictiveness was compressed to the extreme, and a harsh sound of breaking wind emerged, even under the control of Yu Yifeng's attack, that Everywhere along the way, there was a slight vibration in the space.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" The ice sword and the rectangular wind blade instantly attacked together.

"Sisi!" But unexpectedly, the terrifying energy contained in the thousands of ice swords was easily pierced by the wind blade, and after the wind blade pierced through the ice swords one after another, the momentum and strength did not Even if it weakened in the slightest, it still blasted away at the Frost Ancient Ape below.

"This guy is so strong." Looking at this scene, the Frost Ancient Ape couldn't help but said.

Yu Yifeng's wind blade was undoubtedly compressed to the extreme by him. In addition, the strength to suppress the Frost Ancient Ape was too much, so there was such a situation of crushing.

"The Frost Ancient Ape, die for me!" After seeing how easily those ice swords were pierced, Yu Yifeng shouted.

"Although your strength is stronger than mine, don't underestimate my defense!" After the Frost Ancient Ape said ~, he did not evade, and let the wind blade attack directly, as if he wanted to rely on his own flesh. The tyrannical power is combined with the defense of frost, and it takes over the wind blade of the jade legacy!

"That's what you want!" When Yu Yifeng saw this, he suddenly squeezed his palm, and the speed of the wind blade suddenly increased, and it fell directly on the body of the Frost Ancient Ape at a speed that was imperceptible to the naked eye.

"Bang bang bang!" The terrifying wind blade hit the body of the Frost Ancient Ape, but there was no progress, but the wind blade kept making a rather serious noise on the ice layer outside the Frost Ancient Ape's body!

"Hahaha!"

"The three-star fighting immortal powerhouse is nothing more than that!" Realizing this scene, Frost Ancient Ape couldn't help but burst into laughter.

"It's too late to laugh now." And Yu Yifeng also laughed.

Just as the voice of Yu Yifeng fell, the wind blade suddenly enlarged rapidly in the beast pupil of Frost Ancient Ape, and finally exploded in the next moment.

"Boom boom boom!" With such a close-range explosion, there was nothing he could do if the Frost Ancient Ape's defensive power was tyrannical.

The dazzling flame storm is direct, and the vitality of the Frost Ancient Ape is weakening at a rapid speed.

"It's over." Yu Yifeng clapped his hands and said to Xiao Yan below.

"This jade legacy, really has a second chance." Xiao Yan said softly in his heart, and immediately came up to greet him.

Now that the guardians of the tenth floor have been defeated, it is time to harvest the spoils.

. m.