Chapter 535: 1 hand left!

"En?" Snake Xing heard the words, although hesitant, he immediately frowned and followed Xiao Yan's instructions!

Apparently, Xiao Yan killed the Gorefiend so easily just now, making Snake Punishment respect him!

You must know that this Gorefiend general is extremely terrifying, even with the strength of the snake torture, it is extremely painful to deal with!

Although the human strength is only in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, Snake Punishment will not underestimate him in the slightest!

No matter who it is or status, as long as you have strength, you can be convincing!

This is the default rule of Daqian World!

"Hey, it's okay."

"Just to clear some residual evil power in your body." Xiao Yan took a few steps and came to Snake Xing and said.

"Come on." After Snake Xing heard the words, his vigilant heart dropped slightly!

Obviously this Xiao Yan was already on the danger list by snake torture!

Just the elusive soul-devouring power, even the snake torture had to be careful about it!

"Protect your meridians, I want to use flames to enter your body, otherwise this evil force has already been attached to your body, limbs and bones, and it is not easy to clean up!" Xiao Yan spoke slowly, as for the devoured The blood demon general swallowed by the soul talisman, Xiao Yan doesn't even have to think about it, it will definitely be transformed into his own power by the soul eating talisman. What's the use, but there's no harm in thinking about it!

"Okay!" Snake Xing heard the words and immediately laughed out loud, but he was quite cooperative with Xiao Yan.

"Sisi..." The next moment, on the tip of Xiao Yan's finger, a new flame that slightly merged with twenty-three kinds of different fires was born in an instant!

It just appeared, it made this space tremble slightly.

"This flame seems to be the same as something in the mansion... but it's too weak." The snake spirit, who was tightly shut at the side, suddenly said.

"got inside!"

"Protect the meridians, or else all the previous achievements will be forfeited!" Xiao Yan immediately mobilized the huge soul power, subtly controlled the flame, and went to the body of the snake torture!

The purpose of entering the body of the snake torture this time is to use the high temperature and some characteristics of the strange fire to completely eliminate the evil power remaining in the snake torture body!

"Little brother, you..."

"Even if I increase my strength, I can hold on." Snake Xing gritted his teeth. Obviously, although Xiao Yan's flame power made him quite painful at this time, Snake Xing could feel that it was like a deadly poison attached to him in the past. The evil power in the limbs and bones, after the Gorefiend had mobilized almost all of them, still faintly remained. Now Xiao Yan used the strange fire to enter the body of the snake torture, and this trace of evil power also slowly disappear.

"Tsk tsk, you kid." Long Yi obviously didn't know why Xiao Yan was so kind at first, but now he suddenly discovered Xiao Yan's intentions.

"Hehe." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, obviously Xiao Yan didn't want to completely remove the evil power from this snake torture, but because the strength of this snake torture was too terrifying, after eliminating the blood demon general, the snake torture was used to suppress the blood demon. Returning the power of the will, the strength has soared to the level of the eight-star Doudi consummation, so Xiao Yan has to guard against it, after all, such a terrifying powerhouse, Xiao Yan is a little difficult.

"Although this is a bit bad, it can only be like this." Xiao Yan said slowly.

Xiao Yan is naturally not a saint. The reason why he wants to eliminate all the evil power of the snake torture is because of the greed of the soul-devouring talisman, but this is second, and the most important thing is that the snake torture is too terrifying. If this snake torture ends up being a white-eyed wolf, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's end will be extremely miserable, so Xiao Yan keeps his hand!

"Such a terrifying flame is in your body. If there is no abnormality, then it is best. Otherwise, this flame, even if you are at the 8-star Dou Emperor Perfection level, is enough to seriously injure you!" Xiao Yan slowly stared at a group of The flame deep inside the body of Snake Punishment, secretly said, and then slowly urged the flame to continuously eliminate the evil power in the body.

"Hold on!" After doing that method, Xiao Yan returned to his business, constantly mobilizing the power of flames all over his body, continuously moving towards the body of the snake torturer!

As more and more flames poured into Snake Xing's body, there were bursts of strange black water on Snake Xing's clothes!

As for Xiao Yan, under such terrifying squandering, the grudge in his body quickly dried up.

"Damn, this evil power is only a trace, but it's still so strong?" Xiao Yan wiped his sweat and then spoke.

Obviously, if you don't use the power of the Soul Eater Talisman, it is still quite difficult to expel this evil power with the power of this strange fire.

"Ah, ah ..." The strength of the past, Xiao Yan's fighting gas continued to dry, then the continuous swallowing drug recovery, as for the snake punishment, it was spent in the murdered murdered, but with With the screams of Snake Punishment, more and more black water was shot out of the body, and Snake Punishment also vaguely felt that his body seemed to be recovering to its peak!

"Okay." After an unknown amount of time, Xiao Yan slowly stopped the flame in his hand, and then said to Snake Xing.

As soon as he finished speaking, he didn't hesitate, and his breath was soaring!

"What are you going to do?" Snake Xing heard the words, and was immediately shocked. He was not happy at all because all the evil power was taken out of the body, but a chill poured into his heart.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Aren't you going to separate those two women... Now is the best time!" Xiao Yan said coldlySeparation? When Snake Xing heard the words, his pupils shrank suddenly, obviously shocked by Xiao Yan's sudden scene.

The three-headed water-spirit snake possesses extremely terrifying power, and it is said that it has the possibility of advancing to Dou Xian, so this snake torture will definitely not let the two snake spirits continue to live on him for the sake of that ethereal thing!

Although these two people did save their own lives, but now the evil power in their body has disappeared, these two people are living on their own body, but they only limit its potential!

Because of the evil power at the beginning, even after Snake Punishment evolved into a three-headed water spirit snake, it did not cultivate the spiritual wisdom of the other two foreheads, and the spiritual wisdom of the other two foreheads was occupied by the two snake spirits!

However, I couldn't blame the snake torture at the beginning. After all, if the two snake spirits hadn't attached themselves to his other two foreheads to help him resist the erosion of the evil blood demon general, I'm afraid that the current snake torture would have already been reduced. To be a member of the foreign evil race!

"Is it really possible?" He Xing was overjoyed when he heard the words. He had been looking forward to this day for too long!

Not to mention that this human has helped him escape the erosion of the blood demon generals, and even wants to help him solve the problem of the three-headed water spirit snake, the snake torture is very grateful to Xiao Yan!

"It's simple anyway."

"It just so happens that I also have something to ask for." Xiao Yan turned his head and spoke slightly to Snake Punishment, and then his gaze was revealed. Through this barrier, he vaguely discovered that the snake spirit above the water seemed to be watching the water carefully. Down.

Ask for tickets!