Chapter Vol 4 1539: The tyrannical spirit beast!

"What is that... such a strong fluctuation!" In an instant, Xiao Gui couldn't help but look down at the frozen lake, bursts of dazzling milky white light slowly bloomed through the ice, like dawn The first beam of light is generally soft, with a very pure breath.

"That's the purpose of our trip..." Luo Menglan said happily.

"But before that, I'm afraid this guy will be a problem." Luo Menglan obviously noticed this scene, and his expression immediately became solemn. Obviously, according to the information under his control, the strength and swordsmanship of this ice demon swordsman are quite fierce.

"Does this guy have no attributes because of his cultivation of ghost energy?" After a while, Luo Menglan thought carefully about how to deal with the big guy in front of him with the two of them.

I was originally of the ice attribute, and the ice demon swordsman was also of the ice attribute, and this was its territory. The battle between the two was naturally a 55-50 victory, but with the addition of the ghostly Xiao Gui, Luo Menglan He hesitated for a while.

After all, she doesn't know the ghost world, she only knows that in the human world, after mortals break through the power of life and death, they will multiply the power of fighting fairy, and the power of fighting fairy will have its own attributes. Fighting has extremely tyrannical help, but ghosts are not in this category.

"What's wrong?" Xiao Gui looked at the woman who was lost in thought for a while, and asked in doubt.

"Big man, I will start to wake it up in a while, and I will be responsible for stopping it. You go down and take that thing away." After thinking for a while, Luo Menglan said immediately.

After all, the treasure located at the bottom of the frozen lake, although it can make people break through the three-star Dou Xian and step into the four-star, but whether it is really the case, she can't decide for a while, so she is ready to make her own shots, otherwise it will end up in the end, I'm a little sorry for this big man.

"En." Xiao Gui nodded thoughtfully, but just a few meters away from Luo Menglan, the figure slowly stopped on the ice surface of a lake. No matter what, Xiao Gui always felt that he was a manly man and lost. The next woman is obviously irrational, let alone a favorite woman.

"Huhu." After a while, Luo Menglan didn't notice Xiao Gui's figure either, her eyes slowly fixed on the rock crystal layer above the mountain peak. At that time, a trace of extremely cold air suddenly soared above her body!

"This woman... is actually an ice-type grudge?" Xiao Gui was also shocked when he saw the traces of white chills emerging from Luo Menglan's body.

"Big guy... Wake up!" After a while, the white cold air on Luo Menglan's body turned into a sharp ice needle, and immediately, with her gestures, she projected it directly at the rock crystals on the mountain peak.

"This idiot!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the dark, couldn't help his head full of black lines, and cursed from the bottom of his heart, if the ice demon swordsman was in a deep sleep, if he woke up rashly, then they would face anger The ice demon swordsman in his state.

At this time, the frozen lake was filled with endless cold air, and even the sound of breathing in the rock crystal blocks above the mountain stopped abruptly.

"Boom!" With Luo Menglan's action, the entire mountain suddenly trembled. Pieces of ice and rocks continued to fall off the mountain, and even the rock crystals at the top of the mountain erupted with an extremely terrifying chill!

"Hoohoho!" After a while, energy ripples appeared all over the rock crystal block, and then the rock crystal block burst open, turning into a human-like figure.

"This is the Ice Demon Swordsman... Isn't this exactly the same as us humans?" Xiao Gui in the distance was extremely vigilant, but he couldn't help but wonder when he saw the spirit beast transformed by the rock crystal.

In the mountain peak, the body of the ice demon swordsman slowly emerged. This guy is exactly the same as a human being, with a human body, facial features and limbs.

The only difference from humans is that the Ice Demon Swordsman's body is made up of countless white ice cubes, and the entire body is white.

"Hey!" The ice demon swordsman had just woken up, and a burst of anger suddenly filled out, as if the wild monster Luo Menglan disturbed his deep sleep.

"Bang bang bang!" After a while, the ice demon swordsman controlled his body and directly used the ice cubes on his body as an attack method, turning it into a fierce wind and attacking Luo Menglan.

"Bing Yuan Jin!" Luo Menglan smiled slightly, and then on the palm of his hand, a surging ice attribute fighting qi emerged, and slapped the oncoming ice demon swordsman directly!

"Boom!" With a palm shot, white mist filled the air, and a white beam of light shot at it like a swirl of a bow!

"Shabu Shabu!" After a short while, the Ice Demon Swordsman directly collided with Luo Menglan's attack, but this seemingly tyrannical blow was directly smashed by the Ice Demon Swordsman, and bursts of icy powder filled the surroundings.

"This guy... is stronger than what Ancestor Luo said." After a simple blow, Luo Menglan's figure couldn't help but take a few steps back to stabilize, but looking at the ice demon swordsman, he stared blankly at himself, his body Ice-type grudge, more powerful.

"Sword." The ice demon swordsman seemed not to have high intelligence, so he opened his mouth slightly, and immediately above his palm, a white jade ice sword composed of ice stones came into the sight of the two of them.

"Glacier Sword Intent!" In an instant, before Luo Menglan had any reaction, the ice demon swordsman shrank his eyes tightly, and an extremely tyrannical wave suddenly spread out. , like a roar of a spirit beast, it was suddenly released.

"Not good!" At this moment, Xiao Yan, who was hiding in the dark, and Xiao Gui, who was beside him, exclaimed at the same time, because at the same time, they could smell a wave of death's heart palpitations from the white sword energy on the Ice Demon Swordsman!

Such a tyrannical blow, if it hits Luo Menglan, I am afraid that even if she does not die, she will be seriously injured!

"Wait...let Xiao Gui come and when Xiao Yan took out the black robe and covered his body to prepare to shoot, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Huh..." As soon as the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly saw that on the lake, a black spot of light, like lightning, shot quickly towards Luo Menglan.

"Bingyuan Tiansuo!" Luo Menglan was not convinced when he noticed such a tyrannical blow from the ice demon swordsman. The complete strength of the Samsung Dou Xian was displayed. In an instant, a burst of ice attribute Dou Qi completely covered the entire body. A hundred feet of ice chains appeared quietly!

"Human...die!" The ice demon swordsman smiled slightly when he noticed Luo Menglan's attack, and then the white jade sword on his hands suddenly slashed towards the latter. At this time, the shocking sword energy energy beside the ice demon swordsman The beam of light also attacked towards Luo Menglan.

"Humph!"

"It's just a spirit beast without intelligence!"

"Bingyuan Tiansuo, give me the lock!" Luo Menglan knew that there was a strong aura of death permeating the sky-shattering sword intent, she still snorted coldly, and then the ice locks all over her body shook violently, facing the ice demon swordsman directly. Attack away!

"Crash!" A burst of dazzling energy ripples squirmed, and suddenly the ice demon swordsman's glacial sword energy energy beam was like entering no one's realm, easily breaking Luo Menglan's Ice Primal Heavenly Lock, and at that time, directly facing Luo Menglan's death The hole attacked.

At this moment, Luo Menglan's heart was filled with shock.