Chapter Vol 4 1373: Reincarnation!

"Lei Di Canon?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words. Obviously, this name has never been heard before, but it can make the Thunder Lord so serious, presumably this thing will not be a simple thing.

"Lei Di Canon?" The Soul Eater couldn't help showing a shocking expression when he heard the words.

The strength of the Thunder Lord can be said to be one of the most powerful people in the world, and each of them has some famous fighting skills or means in their hands.

The greatest prestige of his Soul Eater Lord is that he carries the Soul Eater Talisman, and the souls of the world are all ants.

And the power of the Thunder Lord is the Holy Code of Thunder Emperor.

The Emperor of Thunder, the Lei Emperor's Canon is published, and the sky breaks the dawn!

It is enough to see the tyranny of this Thunder Emperor's Tome.

"Tsk tsk, it's really worth it." The Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help whispering, you must know that although these superpowers are strong, they are the only means in their hands. This is where they are famous.

"Little guy, what do you think?" Lei Zhumei glanced at Soul Eater Lord, and then said to Xiao Yan.

"It's an honor." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded slowly. Although he didn't know what the Thunder Emperor's Tome was, the surprised look on the Lord of Soul Eater was probably the same level of power as the Soul Eater Talisman, so he smiled.

"Teacher...Master..." Duo Qifei, who had been quiet all along, muttered at this moment, there was a rare stubbornness in his voice, and even his pupils were slightly red.

"Fei'er, what's the matter?" Lei Zhu seemed to have noticed something, and immediately whispered, making him feel uneasy.

"Master... I don't want to be a reincarnator, can I give this thing to Xiao Yan?" After gathering up his courage, Duan Qi Feiyu touched the mysterious lines between his eyebrows and slowly opened his mouth.

Although she doesn't know what this thing is, she can feel that the power contained in this thing is enough to shock the world.

Although Du Qifei is Du Tianhong's only daughter, and her mother passed away early, although she is extremely favored by everyone in Thunder Valley, but even so, she just wants to be an ordinary girl. With the power of reincarnation, there are too many things on the shoulders.

"Fei'er, this kind of thing..." Leizhu was also dumbfounded for a while. Obviously, a strong person of her level, in the past, only others asked for her share. Today, it is reversed. The identity of the reincarnator is unique. , but he wasn't surprised by Dug Qifei's words, but through these little words, he sensed that Du Qifei seemed to be afraid of something.

"I just want to be an ordinary girl, when I reach the right age, marry a man I like and have children, and live a normal life..."

The next moment, Duo Qifei opened his mouth and said, as the little princess of the sword-forging Thunder Valley, she naturally has too much intrigue and knowledge, but just after saying this, the Thunder Master immediately sensed a lie.

"..." When the two heard the words, Xiao Yan and the Master of Soul Eater were immediately speechless. After all, the identity of the reincarnator, although carrying a great deal of power, also had a lot of things to bear.

"This thing... can't be forced."

"If you don't want to, then I'll remove the reincarnation pattern for you." After thinking about it, the Thunder Lord shook his head slightly. Obviously, the reincarnation must be willing to do it, otherwise it will have an unpredictable impact on the power of reincarnation.

"Thank you." Duo Qifei heard the words, and her beautiful eyes couldn't help but tear up.

"Come with me." There was a trace of unwillingness in the voice of Lei Zhu, but this kind of reincarnation was useless, so a bright gray light curtain appeared on the body, wrapping the body of the two, as if to do something.

"Master...this..." Xiao Yan originally felt that Duan Tianhong was thinking too much, but now that he looked at it, he was really helpless.

The reincarnation can certainly provide a great help for Daqian World to resist foreign evil races, but it is too heavy to sacrifice oneself, such a price, for a girl to bear.

"Let's go with the flow..." The Soul Eater also said helplessly.

"Fei'er...what are you afraid of?" Lei Zhu turned out a light curtain to wrap the two, and suddenly there was a kindness in his beautiful eyes.

"Weng buzzing!" Asked by Leizhu, a rare emotion in Duan Qifei's heart couldn't help but be touched.

"I……"

"This power is too powerful, I'm just afraid that I can't control it well and hurt the people around me..." Without Xiao Yan's existence, Duan Qifei seemed to be a different person. The corners of the eyes are sour.

Because of her childhood memories, she was deeply hurt by the reincarnation token. The reincarnation token would emerge its power due to Duo Qifei's mood swings. Because of the power of the reincarnation token, she almost killed her best friend in childhood. That's why there was a scene where her mother sacrificed her life to seal it, which made her a little afraid of this power.

"Don't worry, after this time is stable, you will be able to cultivate and mobilize my power, and there will be no more out of control situation. After you truly control my power, I will also be reborn." Lei Lord smiled gently. , apparently to appease Du Qifei.

"Can I surpass Xiao Yan?" In the next moment, after a little thought, Du Qifei also asked.

"Yes." Lei Zhu smiled slowly.

"En." At the next moment, after Duan Qifei heard the words, she was surprisingly quiet. Obviously, she also knew that the samsara's identity was special, so her mind was inevitably moved.

"You have some interest in that Xiao Yan... don't you?" Looking at Du Qifei, who was still undecided, Leizhu said.

"No...no." Duan Qifei stammered. In the end, she didn't know what kind of emotions she had towards Xiao Yan. It wasn't quite the same as a friend, maybe she was in love, but she was afraid that one day she would not be able to control it. The power of reincarnation token.

"Xiao Yan is a member of the Xiao clan, the Xiao clan who made great achievements in the war between heaven and earth."

"And Xiao Yan is probably the last remaining member of the Xiao clan, so his future mission is also incompatible with the foreign evil clan... If you gain my power, you will naturally be able to help him in the future. You know the principle of getting the moon first. Right..." said Lei Zhu.

"Master... thank you."

"Let's start." After some persuasion, Du Qifei was also relieved, obviously all the worries in his heart were forgotten.

She is the reincarnation of the Thunder Lord, who controls the power of thunder and dominates one side.

"After the success of the reincarnator you will have my power, and I will not assimilate you, you are still you." Leizhu smiled slowly, this forging Qifei has gone through countless hardships. hard to find.

"Weng buzzing!" A trace of dazzling gray thunder continued to fall off from Duo Qiqi's eyebrows, and then returned to the body of the thunder master. Then, traces of the ancient hidden lines slowly emerged on the thunder master's body, and then all of them surfaced. Above those thunders, the next moment is to return to Du Qifei. Repeatedly, within Duan Qifei, a majestic force that can be learned from the world slowly sprouts.

"Reincarnation... Has it begun?" The Soul Eater immediately smiled when he noticed a shimmering ray of light from the airtight light curtain in front of him.

"Senior Lei Master is really a good trick." Xiao Yan couldn't help being surprised when he saw this. He obviously didn't know what method Lei Master used to make Duan Qifei change his mind.

"Since you have successfully completed the task for Lord Lei, it's time to get this great opportunity." Seeing the fluctuation of reincarnation in front of him, Soul Eater's eyes also glowed with a gleam of light as he slowly smiled.

Mobile version update fastest URL: