Chapter 660: choose

"Have you figured out how to do it?" Ling Yun stood on the branches of the tree, his red lips moved slightly, and stared at Li Ji and the other five with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

The breath of Li Ji's five people rioted at the same time, and then an incomparably powerful breath burst out instantly.

"Although the strength of the two of you is good, if you want to pass my level with this strength, it would be a bit too whimsical." After Ling Yun finished speaking, he jumped in an instant, and then came to the front of Li Ji and the others.

The dark woman on the branch of the tree where Ling Yun stood before was just about to make a move, but was pulled by one of the women in the women's team.

"The captain must have her reasons for doing this, and don't you notice that the air around here is a little abnormal..." The woman said.

"You mean..." The dark woman was so smart, she instantly understood what the woman said, and then looked around.

"Shhhhh!" The woman made a gesture, and then there was no follow-up.

"I have long heard that Senior Sister Lingyun in the Hall of Earth is very talented. When I see it today, it really lives up to its reputation." Zi Lian said naturally.

However, I have to say that just standing in front of Ling Yun in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, an invisible pressure suddenly radiated from it.

The Six Star Dou Emperor and the Five Star Dou Emperor are really different!

"Let's stop talking politely, do you hand over the wooden sign and go out or..."

"I defeated you and took it from your hands?" Ling Yun had a slight smile on the corner of his mouth.

"Arrogant!" Seeing this, Li Ji was instantly furious. Even if Ling Yun was tyrannical, he couldn't be so domineering.

"Li Ji!" Zi Lian naturally knew Li Ji's character, and immediately shouted, and then Li Ji became quiet.

"If that's the case, let's fight!" After Zi Lian finished speaking, there was a hint of fighting intent in his eyes!

This is clearly what you know you can't do!

"The two of Zilian Lizi are a little clever, but under the crushing of absolute strength, this little cleverness may shrink to the point where they can be ignored." Located in a hidden place of the second team, Guanglu said slightly.

"Can this team of named disciples last a few minutes in Ling Yun's hands?" Qianzhang said a little hotly, obviously Qianzhang also wanted to fight against Ling Yun, but he never had the chance.

"It's hard to say, although this named disciple team has only two six-star Dou Di in the early stage, but it is impossible to say that they have no strength, but Ling Yun's strength should not be underestimated. Even if it is me, it will take some time to deal with Ling Yun." Guang Lu pondered for a while and said.

"Boom boom boom!" The battle is about to start!

First of all, it was Li Ji, whose strength burst out!

The strengths of Li Ji and Li Zi have reached the level of five-star Dou Emperor consummation. The latter stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor that Xiao Yan had seen before was completely different. Xiao Yan was blinded.

"I'll go first!" Li Ji shouted loudly, the halberd in his hand emitted a dazzling light, and a terrifying wave emanated.

"The momentum is good, but I don't know if it's just on the surface." Ling Yun faced this terrifying blow from Li Ji, without any panic at all, he said lightly, as if nothing happened.

"This guy's strength is getting more and more terrifying."

"Although Li Ji's attack is terrifying, it shouldn't cause much damage to her in the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor..." Zi Lian said in a deep voice, and then gently moved beside the two powerhouses in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. After muttering a few words, the two strong men also nodded.

"Shabu Shabu!" Li Ji's attack speed was extremely fast. In a short moment, his footsteps matched the halberd in his hand to come to Ling Yun's side, and then he slammed the halberd out with a forceful finger!

"Too weak." Ling Yun raised his palm gently, and then easily stopped Li Ji's halberd.

"Drink!" Li Ji naturally knew that his five-star fighting emperor's perfect strength would be as difficult as reaching the sky against Ling Yun, so he didn't hold much hope for his attack this time!

With Li Ji's loud shouts, the halberd that was easily stopped by Ling Yun rushed forward!

"The strength is too weak, what you do will not help." Ling Yun said softly, and then a terrifying wave was born in an instant!

In the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di, the power of the sixth-rank students!

When the power of the sixth-grade life just appeared, the space around Ling Yun felt a little trembling, and then Li Ji, who was still unceasing, was suddenly shocked, and was instantly sent flying out!

"Li Zi!" The moment Li Ji was shocked by Ling Yun's terrifying aura, she blurted out.

"Look at me!" Li Zi naturally followed Li Ji's attack, and a terrorist attack that had been prepared in his hand suddenly roared towards Ling Yun!

That aura is so strong, it is like a sky-shattering bow!

"It's interesting." Ling Yun's eyes moved slightly, obviously seeing what the two powerhouses in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor seemed to be doing, but out of self-confidence in their own strength, naturally he didn't pay attention.

Facing the blow of Li Zi's attack, Ling Yun instantly pulled out his left hand, and a ferocious force of life was directed towards him!

"Quick!" Zi Lian naturally knew that if the three of them wanted to defeat Ling Yun, then Ling Yun's late-stage Six-Star Dou Emperor's strength would be too watery.

"Boom boom boom!" Li Zi's attack and Ling Yun's vicious force of life energy were instantly fused. Anything that canceled each other out, just still gave off a lot of fluctuations in this space.

"okay!"

"The Prisoner's Fingers!" The next moment, the only two six-star Dou Emperor early stage powerhouses exclaimed, and then a terrifying light that was bright enough to a few points was born in an instant!

The light was just born, and it carried a strong desolation power. This breath was somewhat similar to the Fire Heart Tianyan Sacred Flame on Xiao Yan's body, but it was not as pure as Sacred Flame's heat.

"My good guy, you actually combined the power of the two to deliver such a terrifying blow." Ling Yun immediately narrowed his eyes and gained a new understanding of the only two six-star fighting emperors in Li Ji's team.

"Boom boom boom!" When Ling Yun saw this, he immediately realized that Chi Ze Sheng changed, and then a splendid vitality of life was continuously born Shabu Shabu! "In a few breaths, the combined attack of the two six-star Dou Emperor powerhouses was still defeated by Ling Yun.

After all, the powerhouses of the late Six-Star Dou Emperor were still too reluctant for them.

"Boom boom boom!" The battle is still going on, but it's more a one-sided abuse than an abnormal fight.

"Forget it, you don't have to struggle anymore. Since you want a wooden token, give it to them. It's already a lot of effort for us to get here." Zi Lian shook her head and said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As the captain, Zi Lian considered everything right. After all, he couldn't ignore his teammates for his own selfishness.

"But captain, then we will lose our qualifications to participate in the finals." Seeing this, Li Ji shouted immediately, obviously the first to disagree.

"You have seen the current situation. If it goes on like this, it's just a meaningless battle." Zi Lian insisted. After all, as the captain, watching his teammates being abused one after another, he would definitely feel uncomfortable.

"If you want to admit defeat, take out the wooden sign." Ling Yun was too lazy to talk nonsense with these people, so he spoke directly.

As soon as the voice fell, a wooden sign slowly appeared in Nazilian's hand.

The wooden sign just appeared, and then everyone stopped fighting and looked at Zi Lian.

Did this Zilian just admit defeat?

This is not his style.

Ask for tickets!