Chapter Vol 4 2026: The power of clan lines, annihilation and deprivation!

"Dong dong dong!" In the ancient clan square, Xun'er and Peerless Heavenly Emperor stubbornly resisted Gu Yuan, and Xiao Yan was also brewing a terrifying ultimate move. For a time, hundreds of powerful souls behind him looked at each other in dismay. He wanted to do something, but since Gu Yuan had no orders, he didn't dare to act rashly.

"Brother Gu Yuan, since the Peerless Heavenly Emperor has given you the command of the commander-in-chief, you should take command."

"Although our old bones are quite old, we can still contribute to the ancients. Even if we die in battle, it is an honor." Outside the field, an old man with a transparent body said to Gu Yuan, his voice was quite Deep meaning, but the suffocating breath in the body is extremely concealed.

In the later stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the second elder of the ancient jade was bronze!

"Hehe, Second Bronze Elder, don't be impatient." Gu Yuan sensed something and smiled lightly.

But I have to say that among the hundreds of soul bodies behind them, there are no lack of two late-stage Eight-star Fighting Immortals, five middle-stage Eight-star Fighting Immortals, dozens of early-stage Eight-star Fighting Immortals, and nearly a hundred seven-star Fighting Immortal powerhouses. Although they are only spirit bodies now, they are also a powerful force.

"Are you waiting for something?" Hearing Gu Yuan's voice, an old woman's spirit body next to Gu Tong flickered slightly and approached Gu Yuan.

The third elder of the ancient clan, the late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, the ancient magnolia!

"Now the battle situation is urgent, the patriarch Gu Xun'er and the peerless Tiandi predecessors can temporarily contain Gu Yuan, and what we have to do is to protect Sir Xiao Yan." Gu Yuan's eyes flickered, and he slowly looked at Xiao Yan who was sitting quietly.

At this time, Xiao Yan's whole body was full of blood, which was a precursor to stimulating the power of blood, and being attracted by Xiao Yan, Gu Yuan even felt an unprecedented fear from his body.

"This guy, although he has holy flames and has great combat power, but his strength is..." Gu Yulan and Gu Tong looked at each other and shook their heads at the same time.

A guy in the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortal, no matter how talented he is, he can't cause substantial damage to Gu Yuan, who is at the perfect level of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal. They are quite puzzled by what Gu Yuan means.

"Everyone, please believe me."

"Now, if you want to resolve the disadvantage, you can only pin all your hopes on Xiao Yan." Gu Yuan looked at the disbelief of the many powerful people around him, and hurriedly said righteous words.

"But..." The two elders in the late stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals looked at each other in dismay, and many of the powerhouses in the back didn't pay attention for a while.

"I, Gu Yuan, take the command of the ancient clan to protect Xiao Yan!"

"All problems, I am willing to accept the clan rules and deal with it!" Seeing this, Gu Yuan, an unusually bright "Gu" token flashed out on his palm.

"Weng Om!" The terrifying power made these spirits have no sign of resistance. After all, this was an order from the ancient clan, and the people of their ancient clan couldn't resist it. Obviously, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor had already handed this thing over to Gu Yuan.

"Okay!"

"Then this time, we will listen to you!" The two core elders, Bronze and Gu Yulan, said at the same time.

"Go!"

"Protect Xiao Yan!" Gu Yuan smiled comfortably, and after the blink of an eye, he rose into the air and went directly to Xiao Yan's position.

"Pfft!" On the other side, Xun'er and Peerless Heavenly Emperor's many shots were easily resolved by Gu Yuan.

"Interesting boy, but in front of me, it's a bit too whimsical."

"Gu Xianzhi!" After temporarily repelling the two, he saw Xiao Yan's blood vessels boiling behind him. A profound aura, like a giant dragon awakening from a slumber, slowly emerged. Gu Yuan smiled softly, and raised his palm slowly. With his index finger sticking out, a rare touch of energy converged on his fingertips and shot towards Xiao Yan!

In an instant, the world turned pale, and the wind was blowing. It seemed that Xiao Yan would be completely annihilated under this finger!

"No!" Seeing this, Xun'er saw crystal tears flashing in her beautiful eyes, and the golden reincarnation seal between her eyebrows became stronger and stronger, with faint traces of shattering.

"Wait." Peerless Heavenly Emperor hurriedly pressed Xun'er down, and then his figure quickly retreated.

"Damn it... It's still a little bit!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan roared violently from the bottom of his heart when he felt this tingling finger.

Only by pouring the power of the blood of the Xiao family into the clan lines can the most deadly attack erupt, but it takes time, and Xiao Yan cannot withdraw during the casting process. Once he is distracted, the casting will fall short.

"Crack!"

"Eternal Immortal Seal!"

"..."

"Xianshi Lan Shield!" Just when the deadly attack was about to hit Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan was about to give up casting, the void around Xiao Yan started to squirm, and the spiritual bodies were accompanied by waves of extremely violent energy. , vented out.

"Kacha!" Gu Yuan's tyrannical finger was directly resisted by many strong men.

"Let's cast the spell with peace of mind, and leave the rest to us... But in the end, I still have to rely on you." Gu Yuan slapped Xiao Yan on the shoulder and said with a smile.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, the speed in his body accelerated, and the power of the bloodline continued to roll, forming a blood-boiled light shield around Xiao Yan's body, and the between his eyebrows slowly opened and closed, like a The vertical eye, which has been tightly closed for countless years, opens slightly, waiting for the moment when it opens its eyes, it will dominate this world!

"Bronze and ancient magnolia?" Seeing this, the Peerless Heavenly Emperor couldn't help but be falsely alarmed. He didn't want to let these guys do it.

"I'm trying to buy him some time." Everyone looked at each other, and immediately the terrifying offensive showed no doubt, and they went directly to Gu Yuan.

"Boom!" On the square, the magnificent scene of hundreds of people besieging one person was quite shocking, but it didn't take long for these guys to have large and small scars all over their bodies.

The success of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, which touches reincarnation, cannot be won by relying on the number of people.

"No way, at this rate, the spirits of these elders will be completely disintegrated." Looking at the scarred elders, Gu Yuan shook his head and said Since you have no value, then let's just die. "It seems that he is tired of this kind of meaningless battle. Gu Yuan's black hair looks very strange. His body is slowly vacated, and the fiery red flames and white ice silk around him are slowly entangled, like a real god's mansion. world!

"Gulu..." Seeing Gu Yuan in such a terrifying posture, everyone below felt an unprecedented silence.

"Ice and Fire Reincarnation!"

"Die!" Gu Yuan looked down like a demon at this time, the power of ice and fire on his body was perfectly integrated, and an energy storm exceeding ten thousand feet roared violently behind him, and every roar and noise would swallow this piece of heaven and earth. Exhausted, it seems that all the power of everyone is as small as ants in front of it, which is ridiculous!

"Thank you for your hard work, let me come."

"The power of the Xiao family's clan pattern, open!" Under such a doomsday scene, a blood-colored figure walked out slowly, like the last ray of dawn in the darkness, and between his eyebrows, a golden aura shone with dignity. Eyes up, slightly open and close!

In the center of the eyes, between the eyebrows, is the third eye!

The vertical eye flickered slightly, and every time it opened and closed, the world would quietly crawl. That kind of aura and the power it contained had already surpassed the scope of heaven and earth!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: