Chapter Vol 4 870: Double flame silver moon bow, destroy evil!

"Xiao Yan!"

"Be careful!" Seeing such a powerful force of destruction, the Demon Whale was just about to help Xiao Yan, but was unexpectedly pulled by Cang Key beside him.

"Don't go over, or you will be swallowed up by that power in an instant." Cang Key said suddenly.

"But Xiao Yan, he..." The Demon Whale couldn't help but say, if something happened to Xiao Yan, I'm afraid it would be extremely difficult for this alien race to solve it.

"Trust me, he should have something on his body that is enough to take on this attack, otherwise he won't be able to hold on." Cang Key said, and then stopped talking, ready to launch the strongest attack at any time!

Cang Yao was also very worried about Xiao Yan just now. After all, he knew from Xiao Yan that he obtained Fire Heart Tianyan. This guy should have obtained the inheritance of Xiao Mu, so it is absolutely impossible for him to have an accident, but Cang Yao was about to stop his hand. When he attacked to save Xiao Yan, a power that made Cang Yue feel puzzled suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan.

Naturally, Cang Key didn't know that it was the power of the Soul Eater Talisman. He just attributed that power to the secrets of the Xiao clan, and that's why the scene in front of him came about.

On the other hand, Mu Yingying felt extremely uncomfortable here. Obviously, although the evil force attacked Xiao Yan, it had a huge impact on Mu Yingying, and at this time Mu Yingying also wanted to help Xiao Yan. .

"No need." Xiao Yan's deep eyes suddenly flashed an unusual black color, and then he opened his mouth slightly, and said to Mu Yingying and her party,

"But..." Just when Mu Yingying was about to say something, that evil power instantly attacked Xiao Yan.

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying evil force erupted with extremely tyrannical suction, as if it wanted to devour Xiao Yan in an instant!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the face of such a terrifying blow, Xiao Yan sneered, and then the dazzling earth-colored holy flames all over his body instantly poured out from the holy flame crystals!

At this time, the source of holy flame is as rich as water, and it directly collided with the power of black evil in a short while!

It's just that everyone present, including the powerful Ru Cang Keyo, didn't notice that Xiao Yan's dazzling holy flame was mixed with a very sinister aura!

That breath is the power of the Soul Eater Talisman!

Xiao Yan felt the change of Soul Eater for the first time, so he tried his best to communicate with Soul Eater.

Although he still couldn't communicate with the Soul Eater Talisman, Xiao Yan knew that the Soul Eater Talisman could help him cope with the situation in front of him. He immediately hid the power scattered from the Soul Eater Talisman in his holy flame and waited for an opportunity move.

"Boom boom boom!" The two black evil powers and the khaki-yellow holy flame source just attacked, and immediately circles of invisible ripples emanated instantly, causing the space to tremble slightly!

However, even though that evil force was strong, it did not cause any damage to Xiao Yan at all, and even the black beam was melting at a speed visible to the naked eye under the resistance of Xiao Yan Shengyan.

"How could it be possible..." The Demon Whale knew that the evil power contained in this black light beam was enough to destroy a powerhouse at the pinnacle of Dou Di, but how could it be so vulnerable in Xiao Yan's hands.

"Impossible!" At this time, the two ghosts in the deep purple cage suddenly drank, and their voices and expressions became strange!

The two of them knew very well that although the guy with the heavy ruler in front of him possessed holy flames, his strength was too weak. I'm afraid they could easily kill them with a casual blow.

However, just to be on the safe side, You Zun still used extremely tyrannical means, trying to kill Xiao Yan with one blow, but who would have thought that his attack was so easily resolved by Xiao Yan!

"Holy Flame!"

"Give it to me!" After a while, Xiao Yan was sweating profusely, and the khaki holy flame instantly swallowed the black evil power!

Immediately, it returned a trace of black aura that was difficult for everyone to notice, returned to Xiao Yan's acceptance ring, and immediately injected it into the soul-devouring talisman.

With the injection of a trace of evil power, the Soul Eater Talisman, which originally only had a faint light, is gradually recovering a trace of light.

"Yingying, do it!"

"The origin of holy flame, the burial of the broken rock!" Xiao Yan snorted coldly and suddenly exclaimed.

Seeing this, Mu Yingying's worries were also swept away, and the bright blue flames all over her body instantly burst out: "The source of holy flame, holy light!"

In the entire hall, with Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying's sight of the source of holy flame, the temperature in the entire space is increasing exponentially at a geometric rate, and under that high temperature, it is a shock that purifies all evil in the world The ancient power of , slowly born!

"Just your two little babies trying to kill us?"

"It's too much!" You Zun saw the dazzling attacks on Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying, his expression changed, but he still said coldly.

On the other hand, Venerable Ming on the side was different. He felt an unprecedented power of destruction from Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying's fighting skills using the source of holy flame!

If they are hit by this attack, I am afraid that even as powerful as they are, they will be in danger of falling.

"Can't wait any longer!"

"Go!"

"Although their strength is weak, they are still coveted by Cang Yue, and Ta is a disciple of Fairy Jiaoyue. We must not repeat the same mistakes!" After Ming Zun finished speaking, the black energy around his body was like an endless abyss, and it poured out instantly, and it took a breath. is filled with the entire purple cage.

And with the terrifying strength of Ming Zun, the entire purple cage instantly made a buzzing sound!

"No way."

"The amethyst cage can't withstand such a terrifying power, and it's about to break." A dignified look appeared on the pretty face of the jade rabbit on the side.

"What will happen if it breaks?" Yueru asked suspiciously.

"The Amethyst Cage is a formation for imprisoning the Netherworld Twins Although this formation is weak, its seal is extremely tyrannical."

"It's just that this formation has sealed them for thousands of years, I'm afraid it's already..."

"And if the formation is broken, then the strength of these two ghost twins will instantly return to the peak state of Dou Di!" Yutu said solemnly.

"Shabu Shabu!" Seeing this, You Zun also burst out with an extremely evil aura. Looking at this appearance, he obviously wanted to destroy this formation!

As long as the formation that binds them is broken, then the two of them have absolute confidence to kill the two holy flame owners, and the disciples of the Fairy Moon, although they can't kill them, can't help them. After all, they are Has bottom cards.

"Double Netherworld, go to hell!" Xiao Yan's pupils showed a frantic move, and immediately above the palm of his hand, the source of the second group of holy flames instantly appeared.

The next moment, without any hesitation, he got up and jumped up, madly swept away at the purple cage that was about to shatter!

At this moment, Cang Yao's offensive was finally contained. Immediately, a dazzling force of life and death appeared in Cang Yao's pupils. At the same time, he aimed at the two ghosts in the purple cage, and his jade hand held Yinyue slightly. Bow, a black and white life and death bow appeared instantly!

Afterwards, the jade hand released slightly, like a thunderous thunder, and instantly swept away at the two ghosts!

At this moment, Xiao Yan put the source power of the two holy flames in both hands, plus the silver moon bow, which was enough to destroy everything, and swept away at the two ghosts. When the two ghosts were cracking the purple cage, the black His pupils also became abnormally dignified!