Chapter Vol 4 1101: Resurrection Hope

"It turned out to be so obscure." When Xiao Yan heard this, his brows instantly wrinkled, he didn't have to think about it, he knew that the battle between the Master of Soul Li and the Master of Soul Eater was probably a real shock.

Moreover, after listening to the Master of Soul Eater, the Master of Li Soul was able to use tricks to seriously injure the Master of Soul Eater. If the Master of Soul Eater hadn't possessed the Soul Eater Talisman, he would have really fallen.

"Don't worry, kid. Although I escaped and left Soul Eater Domain with serious injuries, my three disciples also took care of Soul Eater Domain in an orderly manner."

"But back then, I always felt that there was an inner ghost in my Soul Eater Domain."

"So when we come back this time, we must clean up our Soul Eater Domain and seek revenge for the Master of Soul Eater by the way." The Master of Soul Eater said with a smile.

"There are three other disciples?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he heard this.

"A little bit..."

"You can barely count as my fourth disciple." said Soul Eater.

"What about the five places?" Xiao Yan asked after hearing the words. Obviously, one cave and three regions in the ghost world are now known, but these five places are...

"The strength in the ghost world is the strongest in the three regions, and the five regions are only second only to the three regions."

"The five places are: Soulless Room, Yin Corpse Monument, Ghost Corpse River, Ghost Immortal City, and Ghost Kingdom."

"But don't underestimate these five places."

"The territory under the Five Lands is much stronger than the Dou Di Continent you know." The Soul Eater said softly.

"The strength and overall strength of the strongest among these five regions are much weaker than our three regions."

"Among the five places, the one to be most careful of is this ghost kingdom," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"Why?" Xiao Yan asked.

"The ghost kingdom is very close to humans, and the ghost king of the ghost kingdom, even if I rule the Soul Eater Domain for tens of thousands of years, I have never seen it."

"The Kingdom of Ghosts is extremely low-key, and the King of Ghosts must be careful," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"The King of Ten Thousand Ghosts..." Xiao Yan heard the words and nodded lightly in agreement, but for some reason, the silhouette of the Soul Clan appeared in his mind. It seemed that Xiao Yan always felt that there was a certain strength between the Soul Clan and the Ghost Realm. to be similar.

"In the ghost world, identity is the most important."

"Because of the particularity of the ghost world, all creatures in the ghost world are no different from ordinary humans."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"But there are three types of creatures in the ghost world, living people, soul bodies, or three souls and seven souls. If your identity is exposed, I'm afraid it will lead to death."

"But you have ghost face and soul inflammation on your body, so don't worry too much."

"But you must remember one thing."

"A person who can revive the soul body, but the soul body is broken and only three souls and seven souls are left, even if you are an immortal-level pharmacist, you can't be resurrected." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Yep."

"But senior, what do you need me to do?" When Xiao Yan heard this, he did not know the purpose of the Soul Eater's abduction to the ghost world.

"My purpose for letting you come to the ghost world is one of them."

"But the matter of your little lover is a must." And the Lord of Soul Eater also laughed.

"It has something to do with Mu Yingying's resurrection?" Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he heard this.

"Yep."

"I can tell you clearly that there is something in the ghost world that has a great chance of resurrecting her."

"It's just too dangerous..." At the end of the sentence, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Senior, what is it!" Xiao Yan heard the words, his dark pupils suddenly glowed brightly, and Mu Yingying sacrificed herself directly and recklessly for herself. This mere danger is nothing.

"This thing is related to Li Soul Domain."

"When I played against the Master of Soul Li, I found that there was a special thing in him." Master of Soul Eater said.

"What?" Xiao Yan couldn't help asking.

"Lovesickness and broken enteritis." The Soul Eater said truthfully.

"The fifteenth ranked Shenyan?"

"Lovesickness and Broken Enteritis?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils couldn't help shrinking tightly.

"That's right, it's this flame." The Soul Eater said.

"It is said that this flame has almost no substantial damage power, but it is the most mysterious holy flame in the world."

"The power of Acacia is enough to live and die." Xiao Yan responded slowly.

"However, if this holy flame appears in the hands of Master Li, I'm afraid I won't be able to get it." The next moment, Xiao Yan calmed down again.

"do not worry."

"When I fought against him, I only sensed a very weak power, so I guessed that Acacia Broken Enteritis should be in Li Soul Territory, but it was not swallowed or controlled by him."

"And the ghost world creatures, except the holy flames born in the ghost world can be swallowed, other holy flames, swallowed, will die." Lord of Soul Eater Zaidu said.

"Isn't Acacia Broken Enteritis born in the ghost world?" Xiao Yan was shocked.

"The holy flames born in the ghost world are only ghost-faced soul flames and a flame that ranks close to 30. This lovesickness and heartbroken inflammation ranks 15th, and it is the real strange flame in the entire world." Soul Eater The Lord laughed.

"As long as this holy flame is found, can Mu Yingying be resurrected?" Xiao Yan's eyes lit up and said.

"I don't dare to make a promise, but looking at Mu Yingying's condensed holy flame heart for you, her holy flame power is still intact, as long as you don't use her holy flame source in the future, find the lovesickness. After the enteritis, I have an 80% chance of helping you resurrect her." The Soul Eater said confidently.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately agreed.

After Mu Yingying sacrificed, she condensed the heart of holy flame for herself and most of Mu Yingying's source of holy flame was preserved in Xiao Yan's heart.

"It seems that in the future, it will not be a last resort, and I will not be able to use Mu Yingying's holy flame power."

"But with Ghost Face Soul Flame and Fire Heart Tianyan, my strength is almost the same." Xiao Yan said slightly in his heart.

"I will help you find the trace of this holy flame, but as a price, you must also help me completely eradicate the Master of Soul." After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he poured cold water on Xiao Yan.

"Senior, are you playing with me?"

"Your level, what kind of master, your strength is obviously not at the same level as mine. You are trying to send me to death." Xiao Yan rolled his eyes and said Soul Eater.

"Don't worry, with me here, there are only a handful of people in the entire ghost world who can kill you, although I am seriously injured now." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"The most urgent task now is to devour the ghost face and soul flame first."

"And since Mu Yingying sacrificed the power of holy flame to you, you can also use her source of holy flame to evolve your technique, but try to use her power of holy flame as little as possible in the future," said the Lord of Soul Eater.

"En." Xiao Yan heard the words, and slowly sat down, carefully conditioning his breath, once he recovered to the peak, turning around Jiuxing Doudi would be the time to devour the ghost face and soul flame.

"Although the power of Ghost Face and Soul Flame is not weak, it is impossible to break through the Emperor Dou through this. After all, Ghost Face Soul Flame is an auxiliary holy flame." He didn't make a sound, just whispered softly.