Chapter Vol 4 1926: The two kings broke the seal, and the fire and water were both evil!

The latest website: The Black Devil Dragon Wolf brought the Devil of Light. In order to avoid the angel's execution, he could only rush into the cage of water and fire, and Xiao Yan and the two also came non-stop. As for the four-winged angel, it was extremely Slowly chasing after the Heisha Dragon Wolf, it seemed that she was enjoying this little game of cat and mouse, bit by bit dashing all the latter's hopes.

At this time, Xu Shao and others also came to the bottom of the evil cage through a lot of confinement and institutions in the evil cage of water and fire. Here, it is the final place to seal the two kings.

"Tsk tsk...Is this where the two white kings' seals are located?" Everyone just came to the bottom of the evil cage, looking at the blood-colored stone gate that was blessed with at least five seals in front of them, and couldn't help muttering.

Five seals, if they were them, I am afraid they would be wiped out in an instant. From this, it is enough to see that the strength of these two white king powerhouses is absolutely no trivial matter.

Moreover, the terrifying coercion contained in this evil cage of water and fire also made their minds congeal. The evil cage of water and fire, plus the seal in front of them, the double seal, this kind of handwriting is worthy of being a double white king.

"Huhu, it really deserves to be the eighth-ranked Demon Suppression Prison. Even if there are many treasures given by the palace master, they almost fell here." Looking at the blood-colored stone gate in front of him, Xu Shao said in a stunned manner. If it wasn't for the information and treasures that the hall master gave them on the way, I am afraid that with his initial strength of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals and the soldiers behind him, I am afraid that they would really be destroyed in this cage.

After all, this cage doesn't seem to be threatening, but it is not. The countless organs and sacred confinement inside are suffocating.

"Come on, let's build this great purgatory plan together." As soon as he finished speaking, a piece of white bone flickering with dim light emerged from Xu Shao's body.

As this extremely strange white bone emerged, the temperature of the entire stone room suddenly dropped sharply, and then the blood-colored door vibrated and buzzed, as if it had been strongly attracted.

"What is this... such an evil power." Seeing this, the strong souls behind him muttered slowly. They stared blankly at the evil bone, as if the whole person's mind was sucked by it. go.

The evil bones touch the torso bones of human beings. At first glance, it looks extremely dignified, and even an evil pattern that surpasses the heavens and the earth is engraved on it, and the evil and awe-inspiring aura swept out.

"Open it!" In an instant, Xu Shao snorted coldly, raised the evil bone with both hands, and then stared gloomily at the blood-colored stone gate.

"Guru." With a sound, a viscous black liquid erupted from the evil bones, and went towards the blood-colored stone gate like a poisonous snake.

"Weng Om Om!" There are a lot of sacred confinement above the blood-colored stone gate, but when it was affected by this force, it slowly became quiet, as if the confinement power was temporarily lost.

After a while, Xu Shao's figure was directly attracted by the blood door, and immediately fell into it completely, and suddenly the place became quiet.

"Weng buzzing!" Just after entering the blood gate, a boundless sea of ​​magic appeared in front of Xu Shao. In the sea of ​​magic, dark arcs of light kept jumping, roaring, squirming frantically, trying to escape Here, the kind of terrifying and devilish energy contained in it, I am afraid that the real Eight Star Fighting Immortals would not dare to stay for a long time.

"Crash!" But the strange thing is that when these magical arcs touched the evil bone on Xu Shao's body, they quietly dissipated, as if they were absorbed by it. Some ancient powers, when an arc of magic energy reaches a certain saturation level, will purify it, one after another, even the two white kings can only stay here quietly.

"As expected, it's the Demon Suppression Prison... But in this vast sea of ​​demons, how can we find the place where the two white kings are sealed?"

"After all, there is not much time left." Xu Shao shook his head gently, and the black robe disappeared, revealing the almost transparent soul body. The energy ripples, facing the thick demonic energy below, trying to find the location of the two white kings.

However, the size of the place has far exceeded Xu Shao's imagination. After resting, his eyes looked indifferently at the chaotic sea of ​​magic below.

"It seems that we must penetrate the sea of ​​magic." After a while, Xu Shao's illusory eyes showed a touch of determination, and then he didn't hesitate, the evil bones stood in front of him, and an extremely evil aura enveloped him, and immediately jumped into the devil. in the sea.

"Hey!" One minute, two minutes, Xu Shao, relying on the power of the evil bones, completely ignored the devouring of the demonic energy and descended toward the sea of ​​demons, and as the speed became faster and faster, the aura of the sea of ​​demons below also changed. Cold and hot, two extreme forces seem to be close at hand.

"This fluctuation... is the taste of the Lord?" Just as Xu Shao approached, a magical sound resounded throughout the entire sea of ​​magic and emerged.

"It seems to have arrived..."

"Xu Shao, the powerhouse of the Soul Palace, came to rescue the two Lord White Kings." Suddenly, Xu Shao smiled slightly, staring at the strange evil light group in front of him.

The two white kings seem to be imprisoned in the depths of the sea of ​​magic, and these two evil light groups are only part of their power.

"Soul Palace?" The water-colored evil group said tremblingly when they heard the words, and there was a touch of pride in their voices.

"This is the skeleton of my lord, how can it be in your hands?" Another fiery evil group roared out with a terrifying anger.

"As the Red King was suppressed by the Demon Emperor in the Demon Suppression Prison, his strength has disappeared rapidly, and this skeleton was obtained by luck from the strong man in my palace."

"I believe that with it, the Red King can be rescued." Xu Shao said softly, his voice full of madness.

"Oh?"

"This doesn't seem to be any good for your Soul Palace, right?"

"What's your purpose?" The fire-colored evil group asked suspiciously, but the extremely evil scorching heat caused Xu Shao's body to move suddenly.

"We will help you, but as a price, we will take away all the evil creatures in the two towns and prisons." Xu Shao said with a smile.

"The courage of your soul hall... is not small."

"How dare you to plot against our extraterritorial evil clan." At this moment, the fire-colored evil group snorted coldly, and there was already obvious anger in their voices.

"Our soul hall is for the way of faith, and your foreigners are coveting this great world. Maybe we can become good allies." It was just the power of these two guys that gave him extremely tyrannical oppression.

"If that's the case, then make a deal!"

"But as a price you must rescue the two of me first." After a long silence, evil voices emerged.

"That's natural..."

"The lock of the demon, crack it for me!" At this moment, Xu Shao sneered. Immediately above the evil bone, endless power burst out suddenly, following the blood-colored stone door, directly sucking dozens of people outside the door. And enter.

"Not good!" These dozens of people just discovered something, and before they could do anything, the blood all over their bodies exploded, turning into countless blood chains, facing the sacred chains that blocked the entire Devil Sea!

For a time, the demonic energy was crisscrossed and the wind was blowing, but the extremely sacred chain was created by Xu Shao and other handwriting, and a trace of conspicuous cracks appeared. Obviously, it was only a matter of time before it was completely broken!

At this moment, the sea of ​​magic was tumbling, and two wicked auras stood proudly, like a sleeping giant dragon, slowly waking up, and those auras turned out to be vaguely the level of the late eight-star fighting immortal!

If the two kings break the seal, I am afraid it will cause a real uproar in this world!