Chapter Vol 4 1611: A battle between geniuses!

"Boom!"

"What the **** is this guy doing?"

"No matter how tyrannical the Dark Shadow Guard is, he is helpless. In order to summon the Dark Shadow Guard, it has consumed a lot of my dark source. Once the dark source is exhausted, I am afraid that I will not be Xiao Yan's opponent." Looking at the dark world In the middle, every time the dark knight attacked and slashed with the giant sword, it was easily avoided by Xiao Yan, and Wen Yi, standing on the shoulder of the dark knight, said solemnly.

Wen Yi originally had no attributes, but was injected into the dark source by Headmaster Wen using a special power method, so it evolved into a dark attribute. Although the dark attribute gave Wen Yi a lot of convenience, at the same time, it also created his weakness.

Because he is an acquired dark attribute, so every time you fight, you need to use a special power called the source of darkness to use the power of darkness. The source of darkness is very precious like water, and it is extremely difficult. Because of the lack of the source of darkness, Wen Yi has been suppressed by Ling Yu, otherwise without this restriction, Wen Yi would have long since become a real genius in the courtyard!

"almost…"

"Come out, Purgatory Array!" Suddenly, looking at the dark shadow guard in the dark space, Xiao Yan sneered.

"Crash!" As soon as the voice fell, in this space that was already covered by darkness, circles of hot melt like a tide suddenly spread out from Xiao Yan's body, and immediately added Xiao Yan's spiritual power to condense Out of the pattern, the dark world was completely replaced by the flame world.

"Formation?"

"How is that possible?" Wen Yi frowned when he noticed the space suddenly transformed into the world of flames.

"Weng buzzing!" The purgatory pattern was just formed, and the core pattern suddenly reached as many as 40,000!

"Purgatory Formation... Purgatory Dragon Fury!" In an instant, Xiao Yan stood in the Purgatory Formation, bathed in flames, his whole body seemed extremely sacred, as if the supreme king had descended, controlling the boundless huge flame world , a cold snort resounded throughout the void like the sound of the sky.

"Hey!" With the disappearance of the dark world, the dark aura on the dark knight was rather weak, just like an ordinary knight. Obviously, only in the dark world can its power evaporate to the maximum.

"Go back." Seeing Xiao Yan's tyrannical formation power emerging, Wen Yi suddenly fell off the Dark Knight and waved.

He knew that although the dark knight was extremely powerful, he had no advantage in the world of flames.

"Weng buzzing!" Wen Yi's voice fell, and the dark knight turned into a stream of light and disappeared directly here.

"Purgatory Dragon Fury!" Seeing Wen Yi's death-defying move, Xiao Yan raised his palm directly. Immediately, countless flames gathered in the entire purgatory formation, and instantly turned into a flaming dragon with a length of hundreds of meters. At the place, a group of extremely bright flames was about to move.

"Boom!" Wen Yi dissipated the dark knight. He didn't do anything, but stood quietly in the purgatory map. The flame dragon took the world-destroying flames and turned into a bolt of lightning, which quickly shot at it. go.

"Darkness... Destroy it!" His eyes closed slightly, and the dark aura around his body shook continuously. Suddenly, when Xiao Yan's flaming dragon came to his body, his palm suddenly lifted, and with a thunderous momentum, he grabbed it directly. The dragon head, at that time, the mighty flaming dragon, actually slowly decomposed under the corrosion of its dark aura.

"Spirit Devouring Blood Monument!" Looking at this scene, Xiao Yan didn't expect it, but Xiao Yan is not a long-winded person, and the dazzling fighting spirit is emerging. , Xiao Yan's combat power is also enough to describe the word terror.

"The last blow..." Looking at the spirit-devouring blood tablet beside Xiao Yan in an illusory state, Wen Yi suddenly opened his eyes, his voice was extremely old, like a powerhouse awakened from ancient times, he spoke indifferently.

"As you wish." Hearing this, Xiao Yan nodded slowly, the aura in his body soared, Douhe Burning Jue revolved at a high speed, and every time the power overflowed from his body was enough to destroy the world.

"Darkness... Sacrifice!" A desolate ancient voice resounded like bursts of Sanskrit sounds, resounding in the flame world of the Purgatory Array.

"Boom!" The seemingly weak attack just appeared, and circles of strange dark auras permeated from Wen Yi's body. Immediately after, Xiao Yan's purgatory diagram shattered. The figure is now exposed in this space.

"The dark attribute is extremely mysterious, even we don't know how to deal with it... Dean Ling, you have to..." Looking at Wen Yi who was using great means in the field, Ling Feng couldn't help but said.

Xiao Yan couldn't die. First, Xiao Yan was a genius in the Lingyuan Academy. Second, Ling Yu's soul body was still in Xiao Yan's hands, so Ling Yu was in a hurry.

"Don't worry..." Ling Yuanzi gently agreed, but at the same time his heart was filled with a burst of horror, obviously Wen Yi's perception of the dark attribute far exceeded his expectations, this level of attack, let alone mere Four-star fighting immortals, I am afraid that even some five-star fighting immortals are hard to resist.

"The underworld is really a good place. When I have the opportunity, I will naturally go to see it..."

"But with such an attack, you want to stop my progress..."

"Idiot talking about a dream!"

"Fire!"

"Lei Lai!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan's silent blood became hot at this moment, as if being ignited by the dark attributes around Wen Yi, his blood boiled!

"Boom!" As Xiao Yan opened his mouth, the Great Heavenly Seed Fei Yan burst out of his body and poured into Xiao Yan's hands.

"Soul power!"

"Thunderfire Hell!" With a cold snort, the power of the soul clone Xiao Lei was directly absorbed by Xiao Yan, and with Xiao Yan's current soul power and fighting spirit, he directly displayed Thunderfire Hell!

A huge guardian body surrounded by thunder and flame power completely shrouded Xiao Yan, and even Xiao Yan, who was located in the center of Thunder and Fire Hades, on the palm of his hand, a flickering of the power of the Great Celestial Crimson Flame and Xiao Lei Ting's The powerful thunder and fire lotus seeds burst forth!

"ended!"

"Dark sacrifice, destroy the sky!" Wen Yi said with a slow smile at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth when he saw Xiao Yan's means. Immediately, the remaining dark source was injected into his dark aura like water, and the overwhelming dark aura would directly face Xiao Yan. Yan roared away, like a vicious snake, extremely terrifying.

"The King of Thunder and Fire, defend!"

"Thunderfire Lotus Seeds, bloom!" Thunderfire Hell King directly resisted the erosion of the dark aura, and then the exquisite Thunderfire Lotus Seeds easily exploded in the void in front of Wen Yi.

"Boom!" In an instant, the deafening sound of energy explosions could be heard in this space. As for the figures of Xiao Yan and Wen Yi, it was extremely difficult to distinguish them for a while.

However, the extremely powerful people on the scene knew that when the aftermath of the battle dissipated, the outcome should also belong.