Chapter Vol 2 755: success

Three days passed in a blink of an eye.

During the three days, Qin Xin was not worried, but it was news that he went out early and returned late every day to visit Xiao Yan. Ye Meng and the others didn't say anything about it.

And Qin Xin also knew that it would definitely take more than a day or two to break through to the second-grade alchemist of the emperor rank.

"It's the fifth day..." Qinxin came here to pray for Xiao Yan as usual.

One is to wait for Xiao Yan, and the other is to avoid cultivation. After all, Qinxin's cultivation has reached a bottleneck at this time. If she is at her residence, she will definitely be taught by her master.

"I'm afraid this kid's accomplishments above soul power are on par with Fu Yao's." Ye Meng walked out slowly and spoke to Qin Xin.

In the past few days, Ye Meng has not left the pharmacy, but has been guarding it here. First, he is worried that Xiao Yan will break through regardless of what problems he encounters, and it is easy to solve them. Second, he also wants to see what Xiao Yan can do. What a trick.

"By the way, where's Leng Fuyao?" Qinxin said immediately because she didn't see Leng Fuyao today.

"Haha, that Nizi was hit by Xiao Yan a lot, and that guy kept pestering me to go out to practice. It's not because she promised her that she was stubborn."

"She should be doing hard work now. After all, she promised to let her go out and take a look at the ruins." Ye Meng said with a smile.

"This guy." Qin Xin naturally laughed when she heard the words. Qin Xin knew more or less about Ye Meng's character.

"Boom boom boom!" Suddenly, while the two were talking, thunderclouds suddenly gathered in the sky.

"Dismiss!" But the next moment, Ye Meng spread his hands, and the thundercloud above the sky dissipated instantly.

"Looks like this guy succeeded."

"Five days is really a freak." Rao, based on Ye Meng's experience, can only use the word "freak" in his evaluation of Xiao Yan. After all, Ye Mengke has not seen anyone who can be in five days. Compressed Soul Power devours Soul Stones.

Seeing this, Qin Xin also nodded secretly. The reason why Ye Meng broke Leiyun was to lower Xiao Yan's reputation.

"Success?" Qin Xin looked at Xiao Yan who had withdrawn slightly from the small space, and immediately asked with all her strength.

"It's a fluke." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he naturally turned his head and smiled.

The current Xiao Yan, but in the real sense, can be regarded as a second-grade emperor-rank pharmacist.

Emperor-rank second-rank pharmacists are also divided into three levels of heaven, earth and human. Xiao Yan's current strength should be at the middle level of human level.

"Hey, you kid is really surprising." Seeing this, Ye Meng couldn't help but smile.

"This time, I would like to thank the seniors. If you need it in the future, feel free to speak." Xiao Yan heard this and said something to Ye Meng.

After all, the preciousness of that soul stone was enough for Xiao Yan to do this.

"It's all a family, why are you being so polite?"

"But you have to say that."

"I really have something to discuss with you." Ye Meng seemed to have been waiting for Xiao Yan's words, and immediately said.

"I don't know what's wrong?" Xiao Yan frowned, apparently how did he know that Ye Meng was so cunning and cunning, the soul stone of affection was deliberately done by this guy, and he immediately felt like he fell into a big pit.

"Hehe, this matter is not difficult for you."

"My request is that this time the ruins are brought in with Leng Fuyao, and they are brought out intact." Ye Mengdao.

"What?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words.

The news of the ruins has not been specifically reported even now. If I promise this guy, I am afraid that I…

"Don't be afraid. It stands to reason that there will be news coming out of the ruins recently, and my request is not too much."

"You brought Leng Fuyao on this trip. Although this guy is not strong in combat, he is much stronger than you in the identification and refining of medicinal pills, including the production of some detoxification pills, so with her, you will not suffer. Seemingly seeing Xiao Yan's reluctance, Ye Meng hurriedly talked about the benefits of Leng Fuyao.

"Yes, yes, but let her listen to me, otherwise I won't be responsible for anything that happens inside." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

I have already taken the benefits of Ye Meng, so I can't refuse to agree to this request from others, otherwise this is a bit unreasonable.

"It's natural, I'll teach her this."

"When the news of the ruins comes out, you will come here once. Now, if you two have other matters, I will not leave you." Ye Meng immediately ordered the expulsion.

"Let's go."

"Let's go back first." Qin Xin nodded slightly, then left the pharmacy first.

"Farewell." Xiao Yan also greeted Ye Meng briefly, and then slowly left the pharmacy.

"Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan."

"How could such a good seedling be cheaper than that **** Zhu Jin." Ye Meng looked at Xiao Yan's disappearance and was slightly dissatisfied, but in the end he didn't say anything more.

"Master, are they gone..." Xiao Yan and the others had just left, when Leng Fuyao suddenly rushed out of a wooden house. At this time, Leng Fuyao had a smell of gunpowder all over his body, obviously he was still refining. Making pills. UU Reading www.uukanshu.com

"I just left, what's the matter?" Ye Meng asked a few more questions curiously when he saw his precious disciple being so devoted to a man for the first time.

"Has he succeeded..." Leng Fuyao's eyes flashed a hint of stubbornness, then Bei bit his lips, staring at the place where Xiao Yan disappeared and said.

"Success."

"From entering the small space to compress the soul force and devour the soul stone, it will take five days in total." Ye Meng heard the words, and immediately knew that he was wrong.

"Five days?"

"How can it be!"

"I remember that it took you a whole month, Master, this Xiao Yan..." As soon as Ye Meng's voice fell, Leng Fuyao's expression suddenly became strange.

"Hehe, that's why I said that this kid is no weaker than you in terms of soul power." Ye Meng said as if he had stopped, and then smiled slowly.

"Master, I understand, this time out of the ruins, I will follow him." Leng Fuyao's eyes flickered with determination, and he immediately exited.

Then it disappeared directly, obviously concentrating on cultivating.

"So best."

"I'm afraid that something will happen at that time, and it will be difficult to handle." Ye Meng heard the words, and his head suddenly became big. He knew exactly what character of his own disciple.

This Leng Fuyao is clearly a powder keg that explodes when touched. If this is not controlled and allowed to go out, I am afraid it will cause trouble.

"But Xiao Yan, although this girl is quite vicious, her temperament is not bad. I hope that this time the ruins can grow a little bit, and it will also add strength to future sect competitions." Ye Meng finished speaking and looked up. Looking into the distance, he slowly disappeared, obviously busy with other things. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: