Chapter 33: Warcraft Ruins open.

Xiao Yan also found the girl who was following him, and immediately took Yueru around a few times to get rid of the girl.

"Ahhh! I'm so **** off, why did I lose it? That little beast is really powerful!" The girl stomped her feet when she realized that she was very embarrassed by Xiao Yan.

According to Yueru, the Demonic Beast Mountains outside Qingcheng, also known as the Ice and Snow Mountains, should be the most majestic and majestic mountain range Xiao Yan has seen in so many years.

The thick cloud and mist shrouded most of the mountain range, making it difficult for people to see what it contained. Moreover, there seemed to be an extremely vast energy contained in the cloud and mist. Under this huge energy , Even Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little chilled, no wonder no one dared to fly in from a high altitude, the road in the sky is simply a dead end.

Standing high in the sky, looking down at the entry point of the mountain range below, and looking at the nearly dense sea of ​​pitch-black, Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel a little scalp tingling. Although he knew that the so-called great creation's temptation would certainly not be small, when he saw such a huge After the crowd, he was still astonished, to get a pitifully small chance from these countless people, this difficulty is really not ordinary...

With a wry smile, Xiao Yan took Yue Ru and Xiao Yi on his shoulders to choose a remote place, then lowered his body and jumped off the mountain. In a few flashes, a tree top appeared outside the Snow Mountain Range. Above, his eyes seemed to swipe, and he found that there were actually many people sitting cross-legged on the tops of the surrounding trees.

Because the Ice and Snow Mountains are surrounded by clouds and mist all year round, and there are many powerful monsters, there are only three safe entry points, and the place where Xiao Yan is now is one of them, but the current entrance has been blocked. Occupied by a sea of ​​people.

Just when Xiao Yan was sighing secretly at this huge scene, a clear and loud crane chirping suddenly resounded from the distant sky, and immediately attracted countless gazes around him.

Xiao Yan also followed his gaze, only to see in the distance, a giant crane with colorful energy, flapping its giant wings, swiftly flying towards one of the three entrances of the Ice and Snow Mountains, the sun shining on the colorful crane. On the feathers, the reflections are dazzling and brilliant.

"Has the seal finally weakened?" Xiao Yan looked at the energy storm at the entrance and couldn't help but ask.

The next time was spent waiting as always, and when this kind of waiting lasted for nearly three days, the energy between this world suddenly became turbulent...

At the moment when the energy of the earth just changed, Xiao Yan, who was sitting cross-legged on the top of the tree, suddenly opened his slightly closed eyes, and a strange look flashed past his eyes.

"Is it finally time to start?"

Huge mountains shrouded in mist. At this moment, just like an ancient beast that is about to wake up, a series of low rumbling sounds came from the high sky of the mountain range, and accompanied by this loud noise, there was also the overwhelming energy.

"Wow!"

In the dense cloud and mist, the vast energy surged rapidly, and at the end, there was even the sound of waves like the surging of the ocean waves. This strange scene made many people exclaimed in amazement. Nature is indeed full of wonders.

The huge energy tide, accompanied by surging, after a while, actually rushed out of the cloud and mist, and quickly spread out, scaring some figures who stayed in the sky hurriedly swept down, if they were caught by the terrifying energy tide Sweeping in, even a strong Dou Di would have to peel off his skin if he didn't die.

The huge energy tide turns into colorful colors. Under the sunlight, it is like a spacious and colorful river. Hanging across the sky, it is extremely gorgeous, but under this gorgeousness, there is a deadly crisis hidden.

Huge waves of colorful energy continued to spread out from the mountain range. At this moment, many people could feel that the energy in the ice and snow mountain range gradually became violent and majestic. It looks like the ice and snow mountains have turned into a magnet, attracting all the energy between the nearby heaven and earth.

Facing such a spectacular scene, even Xiao Yan couldn't help but be filled with astonishment. With his extraordinary soul perception, he could feel more clearly that the energy in the colorful tide had reached a certain level. What a terrifying level.

"As expected of the Dou Di Continent of the upper plane, such a marvelous scene, how can you see it in other places..."

With a chuckle, Xiao Yan stood up and turned his eyes to the Ice and Snow Mountains. At this moment, the energy in the mountains has grown to an astonishing level. It would not take too long to cultivate here. But it is sure to get twice the result with half the effort. No wonder so many people are still attracted after knowing that the big opportunity cannot be snatched. Let's practice some ideas.

His eyes shifted from the mountain range, and finally stopped at the place where the mountain range entered. There, the huge sea of ​​people has begun to move. No matter where it is, the first one always has special benefits. The one who enters it will have the best effect, so everyone wants to be the luckiest first...

Looking at the sea of ​​people, Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and there was a hint of fiery in his eyes. This time, the big chance battle was somewhat beyond his expectations. Presumably this competition will be quite exciting, and he also Want to try it, this young generation near Qingcheng in the Xuanling Continent. What step can we really reach? How much difference is there between you and them?

"Boom!"

While Xiao Yan’s thoughts were turning, a burst of chaotic and loud footsteps and loud roars suddenly sounded, and even when he saw the huge sea of ​​people, it suddenly roared and moved, turning into a stream of people, rushing into the mountain range crazily .

"Yueru, go to the ruins and follow me closely. Let's go to your destination first. As for the chance, there is no hurry. Although this great chance has a huge temptation, it also has a fatal threat..." Xiao Yan Shen said.

Yueru was also aware of Xiao Yan's plan, so she couldn't help but nodded somewhat moved, and said, "Everything is up to you."

For a while, the entire periphery of the Ice and Snow Mountains became violent at this moment...

Because everyone present knew that the so-called great fortune would be gone when it was too late.

Thinking of heaven and hell, the great opportunity is right in front of you, and maybe there is the incomparable attraction of the "Xuanling Royal Family", how can the people present not be moved by it.

​​