Chapter Vol 4 1596: The realm of darkness!

"Kacha Kacha!" The hot Buddha's Fury Fire Lotus, with incomparably bright destructive energy ripples, completely exploded in front of Feng Jie, and immediately attacked with Feng Jie's rock attribute Dou Qi defense. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Crash!" A circle of incomparably hot flame ripples flew around, and once touched, it would all end in ashes.

And because Feng Jie is a rock-type powerhouse in the late stage of the Four-Star Dou Xian, and Huoxin Tianyan has a lot of suppression of rock-type attributes, Feng Jie's situation is also in jeopardy.

"Cough cough cough..."

"Little chops!"

"This time, I must make your life worse than death!" In an instant, a terrifying roar suddenly emerged from the center of the explosion.

"Tick tock." After the breath, the energy ripples slowly dissipated. Suddenly, Feng Jie's body, full of holes, stood still in the air, and the whole body was protected by a circle of dark energy. The energy is extremely strange and illusory. If it weren't for the blocking of this power, I am afraid that Feng Jie would have completely fallen under the Buddha's wrath, but even so, this dark energy is facing the collapse of the illusory appearance at this time. Feng Jie would be instantly killed by Xiao Yan.

"The power of the alien race..."

"I really think highly of you." Xiao Yan's pupils were still blood red, full of endless anger, looking at Feng Jie who didn't fall under the wrathful lotus of half-colored Buddha and said.

"It doesn't matter if you are discovered, because this time, you will still fall here completely." Feng Jie roared with evil black energy in a weak state.

"Death!" Xiao Yan used a half-colored Buddha's anger lotus to consume a lot of vindictive qi, but at this time, he couldn't care about anything else, and the ancient ruler of different fire rolled over in his hand, which suddenly turned into a stream of light, and shot directly at Feng Jie. .

At this time, Feng Jie was as if the lamp was running out of oil. Any ordinary attack could easily obliterate him.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan came to Feng Jie, with a terrifying flame fluctuation, he slashed at him, but when he was about to slash above his body, he was instantly intercepted by a strange figure. .

"Haha, nice guy." 嚽噺貓嵽奇奇 Novel 囧|w~w~

"With the four-star Dou Xian early stage, the entire Qingyun Pavilion was completely destroyed, which is really beyond my expectations." A surprised voice appeared slowly, and the void around Feng Jie, who was dying, began to wriggle, and after a while, the void emerged from the void. A handsome man stepped out of it and suddenly appeared in front of Feng Jie.

"Ling Yu." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, and the dazzling killing intent became even more surging.

The person in front of him is the so-called true genius of the Earth Court, Ling Yu, a four-star Dou Xian with complete strength and a half-field power, and is also the mastermind behind the capture of Xiao Gui!

"Your name is Xiao Yan, right?" Ling Yu just appeared, he glanced at Feng Jie who was like a dead dog behind him, and smiled.

When Xiao Yan attacked just now, Ling Yu was always in the dark, so even if it was Xiao Yan's power in the early stage of Four Star Dou Xian, Ling Yu would not underestimate him in the slightest.

"What your brother Xiao Gui has done has indeed exceeded my bottom line, so you must pay for it!" When the last word fell, this dismal green mountain peak, which had been destroyed by Xiao Yanfo's wrathful lotus, was in the middle of nowhere. has changed.

"Crash!" As soon as Ling Yu's voice fell, the overwhelming black aura suddenly spread out around it, and this black aura was different from the gloomy ghost energy, but was similar to the evil power of the evil race from outside the realm. , With the existence of these powers, everything that happens in this Qingshan Peak will be blocked.

"A powerhouse as strong as a four-star Dou Xian perfection level is actually a lackey of a foreign evil clan." Seeing this, the green mountain peak was instantly filled with black energy, and he immediately noticed everything inside, and was completely struck by the black energy. Cut off, the few of them at this time are tantamount to being imprisoned in the realm of darkness.

"Don't worry kid..."

"I'm not on the same level as them."

"Next, I will treat you well." Seeing this, Ling Yu suddenly sneered.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the dying Feng Jie was directly swallowed by Ling Yu without any struggle. At the same time, Ling Yu's strength seemed to have improved a lot.

"Little guy, be careful, this guy's aura is not quite right." After a while, even with the sophistication of the Soul Eater, he couldn't help but say, obviously there is something in Ling Yu that makes the Soul Eater even. A strange smell exists.

With the experience of the Master of Soul Eater, almost all of the powerhouses of the thirty-six royal clans among the foreign evil clans have heard of it, but now they are good at using the power of this black enchantment, and the Master of Soul Eater did not know the specifics for a while. who is it.

"You have not only holy flame in your body, but also some interesting things. It just so happens that I also have it Why don't they come out and fight each other." After Shunxi, Ling Yu looked at Xiao indifferently. Yan, a burst of arrogance filled his heart.

"Teacher..." Xiao Yan hesitated when Ling Yu said it.

"Pfft, puff!" In an instant, circles of black aura permeated the surface of Xiao Yan's body, but this black aura was extremely strange, it seemed to contain the power to devour all things, and there was a faint hint of black energy on it. Fuzzy ancient lines emerged.

"This fluctuation is..." Suddenly, a very eerie voice came out of Ling Yu's body.

"What's wrong?" Ling Yu couldn't help but ask when he noticed the strong vibration of the breath in his body.

"It's nothing, you will kill Xiao Yan as soon as possible, this guy is a bit tricky." The mysterious power hidden in Ling Yu warned vigilantly.

"Do it!" After a few breaths, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say, looking at Ling Yu who was standing still, and immediately started to do it.

Now that the Lord of Soul Eater has emerged, although Ling Yu can't guess who he is sacred for a while, but with the passage of time and the more and more fights, the identity of the Lord of Soul Eater will be revealed sooner or later. matter.

And whether it's public or private hatred, this Ling Yu must die!

"Sir, let's do it!" Aware that Xiao Yan and his extremely mysterious light group burst out with terrifying power at the same time, Ling Yu couldn't help but said, I don't know why, the mysterious black light group seemed to be full of a Enough to easily obliterate their own volatility.

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, in Ling Yu's body, a group of light flickering suddenly fell off, and immediately attacked him directly.

The Lord of Soul Eater dealt with the mysterious light group in Ling Yu's body, and Xiao Yan dealt with Ling Yu. I am afraid that this time, in this special area of ​​the realm of darkness, the pattern of the Earth Spirit Academy will be completely rewritten.