Chapter 264: The last struggle!

"damn it……"

"It's still a little bit..." Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly at this time, bloodshot inside his eyes, and then desperately tried his best to slowly compress the three forces in his hand!

The invisible soul power and spiritual power are like enemies as soon as they come into contact, madly devouring each other...

As for the lotus of silence, it was lying flat and slowly floating in the middle of Xiao Yan's hands...

Let the two forces struggle desperately...

After all, in terms of power, no matter whether it is huge soul power or spiritual power, it is not as powerful as the lotus of silence formed by the fusion of twenty-three different fires.

"Damn, if the fighting qi in my body can't support fusion, it will be consumed to death sooner or later..." Xiao Yan also scolded loudly, obviously wanting to compress his soul power and spiritual power into the lotus of annihilation. The fighting spirit required is also extremely terrifying.

This has just started for a while, and the grudge in the body has been squandered by nearly half!

Just when Xiao Yan felt helpless, his hand suddenly lit up, and then a rather mysterious rune disappeared in an instant...

"It's the evil soldier in the ghost world that Xiao Yan just got - the Soul Eater Talisman!"

This flash of light was naturally not discovered by others, but Xiao Yan was also pleasantly surprised to discover that the appearance of the Soul Eater Talisman invisibly exuded an extremely tyrannical black power, and the black power contained extremely powerful The power of devouring, as soon as the power of devouring appeared, it shocked the invisible soul power and spiritual power!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

And as the soul power and spiritual power quieted down, Xiao Yan also grinned.

Then, without hesitation, he controlled the burning decision in his body, compressing all the terrifying soul power and spiritual power in the lotus of silence...

It's just that Xiao Yan didn't realize that an extremely dark power was also fused in, and that power was emanating from the Soul Eater Talisman!

There is an extremely evil aura of destruction above the jet-black power.

"Don't do useless struggle..."

"Right now, your strength is languishing, and it's not on the same level as mine..." Chang Yu also said slowly.

"Damn old ghost, actually waiting for the rabbit!" Yin Xie also shouted, obviously very angry.

Unexpectedly, Xuan Santian's righteous path was actually prepared, and now it will be troublesome...

Yin Xie also looked at Chang Yu's extremely tyrannical fighting spirit, and also knew that this Chang Yu was a powerhouse at the peak of the Seven Star Dou Emperor!

And now, Chang Yu is in a period of total victory!

The vindictive energy in the body has not been used at all, and it fills the whole body.

The Yinxie is different. Although it has integrated the obsession of the white-clothed woman and completed the fusion that does not require the evil Yin, she has become a real twin ghost emperor, but after all, the Yinxie has just broken through the seal, and her original strength has not recovered much. Fighting with the Nine Souls Monument, so although Yinxie's strength is an eighth-rank Ghost Emperor at this time, it is comparable to the strength of a human eight-star fighting emperor...

But at this time, the evil spirits in the body were very embarrassed by the immortal swords in the hands of the Nine Soul Monument and some powerful purification powers, and the strength was only able to deal with the six-star Dou Emperor powerhouse. As for Chang Yu, the peak of the seven-star Dou Emperor The words of the strong...

Yin Xie's expression condensed slightly, then looked at Chang Yu, obviously thinking of something.

"Is this the plan you've been planning for years..." Chang Yu also shook his head, watching the battle on the ground.

At this time, the battle on the ground, although it seems that ghosts have the upper hand, but as time passes by, it is also countered by Qiu Huoniao and a few people.

The most turbulent thing to kill was the woman with the little snake in her jade hand. Yue Yu and Mu Feng were defending, and this woman showed off her skills.

Seeing this, Mueller said angrily, "What a bunch of trash!"

Immediately, he also said angrily to a group of people in Honggu behind him, "You guys are not here yet!"

"Why should we listen to you?"

"We only listen to our Valley Master's orders, and don't listen to other people's orders." A burly man also stood up and said.

"Damn Red Valley, play this game with me..." Mueller also secretly wrote down the people in this Red Valley, and then he looked at the devastated ghosts on the ground, and they also hid. After all, Mueller was still afraid of this kind of human power. of the person.

"Look, Yin evil..."

"Looks like you are over..." Chang Yu also stood quietly above the sky, and then slowly looked at the evil way.

It's just that Xiao Yan is still condensing his things at this time, a very terrifying thing!

Outside the delicate lotus seeds glowing with twenty-three colors, there is a second layer of invisible power slowly wrapping the lotus of annihilation. When the wrapping is completed, it is also the time of success.

But fortunately, under Chang Yu's attraction and Xiao Yan's cover up, this move was not discovered by others. At most, others found out that this was Xiao Yan meditating...

Mu Yingying, who was beside him, also returned to normal. Obviously, how could there be a very familiar feeling in the heart of Yin Xie just now...

That feeling...

It's as if we've known each other...

That's why Mu Yingying had the scene just now, but now she has come back to her senses. Just now she was thinking about looking at the battlefield, but she found that there was a strong man who was watching the evil spirits, and she immediately put her eyes on Xiao Yan. .

"This kid..."

"What are you doing?" Mu Yingying also bit her lips slightly, then her beautiful eyes kept moving, and the next moment, her beautiful eyes exuded a very surprised look...

"How can this kid have so many sources of flame..."

"And he fused them all together..." Mu Yingying also covered her lips slightly with her jade hand, so as not to give off too terrifying surprise.

Mu Yingying also has a kind of flame on her body, she naturally knows how terrifying the flame is...

Even with her current strength at the peak of the four-star Dou Di, she would not dare to try this method. It can be said that Xiao Yan is a daring expert.

"It's over Above the sky, Chang Yu also discovered that the ghosts on the ground were defeated by himself, and then said lightly, but when he spoke, his whole body was pushed to the extreme. , an invisible wave also permeated the space on the third floor of the corpse forest.

"Hey……"

"This time it was really a miscalculation. I never thought it would turn out like this in the end..."

"Charm, start it."

"Let these humans take a good look at the power in our ghost world." The corpse was relieved, and then although the corpse finished speaking, the body of the ghost spirit on the side also swelled violently, and a terrifying ghost was also instantaneous. Full body!

"This is……"

"Not good!" Hong Ye's eyes were also slightly red, she clearly realized something and shouted loudly.

"Bang bang bang!" But Hong Ye's shouting didn't stop him, and the bodies of the people in Honggu that she brought in the distance instantly swelled up like ghosts and ghosts!

"Chang Yu..."

"Fenxiangge and I also have a deep hatred..."

"This time, just stay and savor the fear of death." After Yin Xie finished speaking, a rather mysterious power also emanated from the body, causing an extremely terrifying blood-colored vortex in the back sky to crash above the sky. Formed, with the formation of the blood-colored vortex, countless ghosts, ghosts and ghosts, and the people in Honggu did not stop at all, and immediately threw themselves away, and a blood-colored aura filled with death also permeated!

Ask for tickets!