Chapter 26: Absorb the source of the soul!

Xiao Yan naturally did not know the thoughts of the women outside Shimen. The most urgent task was to absorb the soul source stored in the soul realm, and he immediately walked in through the stone gate.

A spacious training room with some stone steps and a training platform appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes. Obviously, this training room is cleaned regularly by servants, giving people a neat feeling.

After carefully inspecting this stone room, he placed a seal of fighting qi at the stone entrance, and walked up to sit cross-legged.

This is no wonder Xiao Yan is so careful. Although he rescued the Yue Family Patriarch, it is better to carefully check the training room in this retreat, otherwise it will be bad if there is an accident in the retreat. Experience gathered abroad.

"Master, is this all right now?" Xiao Yan said slowly while stroking the ring on his finger after checking it carefully.

"Well, that's right, the heart of being defensive is a must!" The Golden Dragon King floated out of the ring and stood in front of Xiao Yan.

"Okay, since that's the case, let's start."

"First release the soul source you collected in the soul realm, absorb and refine it, and then learn the fighting skills." The Golden Dragon King helped Xiao Yan to plan, and he also had two more scrolls in his hand.

Xiao Yan also nodded when he heard that, and sat down with his legs crossed, mobilizing all the soul power in his body.

"Sisi Si~" The pure white light group continuously scattered from Xiao Yan's forehead and gathered in front of Xiao Yan. Although these soul sources were stored in his soul realm by Xiao Yan, it was still a little difficult to release them.

"The spiritual things of heaven and earth, those who are destined to get it, it seems that you and this soul origin are also compatible..." The Golden Dragon King looked at the growing soul light group in front of Xiao Yan, and was also pleased.

After the light group was all condensed, Xiao Yan stared at the soul light group standing in front of him, let out a sigh of relief, and immediately stretched out his palm and touched the light group. With this contact, Xiao Yan I can feel that the vast soul source power that pervades the soul light group, the extremely pure soul source power, makes the soul between his eyebrows feel extremely warm...

"Refining it with a different fire!" The Golden Dragon King's voice echoed into the stone room. Although these soul sources are the purest powers, there are still a few souls with negative emotions, so the Golden Dragon King said.

Xiao Yi was summoned, and a stream of milky white flames with terrifying high temperature surrounded the soul light group. Because the lotus-cleaning demon fire has the miraculous effect of purifying the dirt in the world.

This kind of refining lasted for several hours, which shows the enormous power of this soul. Then Xiao Yan slowly dissipated the flames. Xiao Yi also obviously received a lot of benefits, making Xiao Yi rest aside.

Everything was ready, looking at the crystal-like soul light group floating in front of him. Although it was tens of times smaller than before, the purest power contained in it was only strong or weak, and this slowly loosened. With one breath, the skillful handprint moved, and the soul power between Xiao Yan's eyebrows surged out, turning into a humanoid figure with the same appearance as Xiao Yan. At the same time, a suction force poured out towards the soul light group hovering in the air in front of me...

With the emergence of this suction, the soul light group also trembled slightly, and then a power of the soul source that was several times purer than before spread out from it, and finally wrapped around Xiao Yan's soul, along the His mouth, nose, and pores all over his body are continuously blending into...

As more and more soul sources were inhaled, the surface of Xiao Yan's soul, a strange crystal-like layer that had already appeared on the surface, continued to grow bigger and stronger...

This kind of change lasted for twenty days in a blink of an eye.

"Boom boom boom!" The last ray of soul light entrenched in the air also got into Xiao Yan's mouth at this moment.

In the quiet stone room, looking around, there are two Xiao Yan!

The aura and appearance emanating from that body could tell who the real Xiao Yan was, because their auras were all three-star Dou Di! The appearance is also exactly the same, can not find the slightest difference.

"Success!" Twenty days passed in a blink of an eye, and when Xiao Yan opened his eyes and saw that the person in front of him was exactly the same as him, and even the strength and aura were the same, he couldn't help but exclaimed with joy.

"Emperor realm souls are divided into four levels: entry-level mortal level, perception fairy level, transcendence holy level, and perfection level."

"Your previous soul power should have stayed in the soul you just stepped into the emperor realm. After the absorption of the soul source this time, you have reached the emperor realm mortal level." The Golden Dragon King said slowly with apparent satisfaction.

"Don't underestimate your mortal soul power in the emperor realm. In terms of soul power alone, even a five-star fighting emperor is almost the same as you!"

"And I believe you have also felt it. Stepping into the Emperor Realm, the mortal-level soul power has undergone earth-shaking changes." The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan who was overjoyed in front of him.

"As you know, when you step into the Emperor Realm, you can use your soul to transform into a soul to help you fight! Before, because you just stepped into the Emperor Realm and haven't stabilized, you are different now. You already have a clone that is not inferior to your own strength!"

"This avatar is condensed by the power of your soul!"

"His strength increases with your improvement, but you remember that this clone is condensed by your soul power after all, and both are prosperous. If the clone suffers an irresistible or incurable injury, it will also be fed back to you. And it's a geometric multiple of feedback!" The Golden Dragon King said to Xiao Yan seriously.

Before his master said it, Xiao Yan guessed it more or less. Hearing what his master said, Xiao Yan also had a plan in his heart. The attack of soul power and this avatar should be considered a killer~www .mtlnovel.com~ Oh? You take a closer look at the breath you already have. The Golden Dragon King looked at Xiao Yan in surprise.

"Eh?" Xiao Yan was also at a loss. Originally, Xiao Yan should be regarded as the initial stage of the three-star Dou Emperor, but unexpectedly, he absorbed some of the purest soul power and inadvertently improved his strength to reach the peak of the initial three-star Dou Emperor!

Only one step away from entering the middle stage of the Samsung Dou Di!

You must know that every promotion of a Dou Di powerhouse requires a huge amount of energy. This purest soul source can make Xiao Yan reach the peak of the three-star Dou Di early stage.

"It's not a bad thing to think about. These days, you have been constantly stepping up the ranks to deal with the enemy, which is not a small burden on you, but there are also many advantages to fighting. Now it is reasonable to absorb this soul power to improve your strength." King Jinlong said.

"Is it almost three-star Dou Di mid-term?" Xiao Yan also carefully felt the Dou Qi in his lower body. It was indeed the case, and the road still had to be taken step by step.

"Hehe, Master, now that I have absorbed my soul power, the fighting skills you mentioned should also be taught to me." Xiao Yan smiled and stared at the two scrolls in the Golden Dragon King's hand, because he himself It is also clear that when you come to this Doudi Continent where the powers are like clouds, the Heavenly Rank Dou Skills are already overwhelmed, and at least some life-saving skills are required!

"Although your Fen Jue is now a high-level cultivation technique, the supply and absorption of Dou Qi is not weak. As for the sixth-layer realm of Fen Jue, you need to swallow holy flames to evolve. What you lack now is Dou Skill! The Golden Dragon King also saw Xiao Yan's thoughts, and shook the two scrolls in his hand.

"Since you want to learn, then I'll leave it to you!" Xiao Yan looked at the golden dragon king floating in the sky and still had a scroll, and hurriedly reached out to catch it.

"A low-level immortal fighting skill?"