Chapter Vol 4 869: Soul Eater and Golden Dragon King!

"My good fellow, they are actually the Netherworld Twins from the evil clan outside the realm." At this time, the Soul Eater Talisman in Xiao Yan's body suddenly said to himself.

"If I devour these two guys, I'm afraid my strength will be restored."

"Otherwise, I will encounter those ghosts in the ghost world who are eyeing me, but it is extremely difficult to deal with." The soul-devouring rune exudes some mysterious runes that invade the soul, and then speaks.

"Ha ha."

"I didn't expect the dignified Soul Eater Lord to hide in the Soul Eater Talisman of the Twelve Evil Soldiers in the Ghost World." Just after a very eerie sound came out from the Soul Eater Talisman, a rather gloomy sound appeared in the ring. For the sound of vicissitudes.

If Xiao Yan were here, Xiao Yan would definitely find out that this voice was his uncle, the Golden Dragon King!

"Who!" The soul-devouring talisman is extremely vigilant. This is Xiao Yan's body. Logically, there should be no other things in it. How can there be other voices?

Moreover, this voice made me feel a sense of uneasiness faintly, and that uneasiness appeared silently.

The Soul Eater Talisman is indeed the twelve evil soldiers of the ghost world, but if no one controls it, it will not be so mysterious.

So there must be something residing in the Soul Eater Talisman.

However, the Soul Eater was extremely depressed. At his peak, although he was not strong enough to fight God, among the Fighting Immortals, there were very few who could defeat him. This voice actually made him feel scared, which was something he had never heard before. matter.

"No need to look for it." Just when the Soul Eater Talisman was flashing a strange light, the Golden Dragon King appeared directly, staring at the Soul Eater Talisman hanging in the air with a smile on his face.

"You?" Seeing this, Soul Eater immediately hesitated.

I don't know why, but when I saw the old man in front of him just now, the Lord of Soul Eater immediately felt the unfathomable strength on his body that was as deep as the sea.

"Should I call you the Soul Eater Talisman, or the Lord of Soul Eater?" The Golden Dragon King smiled slightly. Obviously, the Lord of Soul Eater was living in the Soul Eater Talisman and had already been noticed by the Golden Dragon King.

"The Soul Eater Talisman was originally my thing, what's wrong with that?" The Lord of Soul Eater heard the words, but it was understandable.

"I didn't notice that you were in the Soul Eater Talisman, I thought it was the Soul Eater Talisman." The Golden Dragon King smiled.

"At the beginning, the injury was too serious. If it hadn't devoured a foreign evil race, I'm afraid the injury in my body would still be there..." The Lord of Soul Eater also looked helpless.

"Is your injury so serious?" The Golden Dragon King hesitated.

"Who the **** are you?" Faced with the Golden Dragon King's question, the Soul Eater Lord became vigilant.

The guy in front of him with a strong golden aura is definitely not an ordinary person.

"Maybe this way you will know me." The next moment, the Golden Dragon King directly transformed into a dragon body!

A dazzling golden dragon body appeared, but at this time, the body of the Golden Dragon King had shrunk to only a few meters in size, just to prevent Xiao Yan from discovering it.

"The king of dragons?"

"Golden Dragon King?" The next moment, the Master of Soul Eater directly exclaimed.

Knowing that he saw the Golden Dragon King's body, the Master of Soul Eater knew the identity of the old guy in front of him!

Golden Dragon King!

Dragon King!

Among the dragon clan, it is said that Longsheng is just a legend, and no one has ever reached it. Among the dragon clan, although the dragon **** has nine sons, among the nine sons, the Golden Dragon King is the strongest!

And what surprised the Soul Eater the most was the strength of the Golden Dragon King!

Among the dragon clan, the Golden Dragon King controls the power and the body, which can be described as a real power, and in the ancient times, the Golden Dragon King was known as the most opportunity to become a dragon god, an existence close to the fighting god!

Although the Lord of Soul Eater is proud of himself, facing the Golden Dragon King, I am afraid there is no chance of winning.

"I didn't expect it to be you."

"As powerful as you are, you were also disturbed by the evil tribes outside the realm, and ended up abandoning the body and leaving the power of the soul." The Lord of Soul Eater said regretfully.

The most tyrannical aspect of the Golden Dragon King is his physical strength. Without the dragon body, his strength would undoubtedly be greatly reduced.

"It's just the dragon body, it's just a matter of practicing in the future."

"But it's you, how can you deal with the evil race from outside the territory?"

"You didn't pay attention to these things back then." King Jinlong said.

In that war, among the seven worlds, many strong men adopted a reclusive attitude, and this Soul Eater was one of them.

"The secret is too lazy to tell."

"However, I found that my Soul Eater Talisman can devour the power of the evil race from outside the territory and then convert it into my ghost energy, so I can naturally absorb these powers by following this guy." The Lord of Soul Eater said without any shyness.

"Hehe, Lord of Soul Eater, this Soul Eater Talisman will belong to my precious disciple in the future, you can..." The Golden Dragon King smiled.

"Golden Dragon King, don't deceive people too much!"

"My Master of Soul Eater has controlled the Soul Eater Talisman for so many years, but no one has ever robbed me of anything!" The Master of Soul Eater immediately became angry!

Even if the Lord of Soul Eater restores his peak power, if he does not have the help of the Soul Eater Talisman, he may have nothing to do with the peak powerhouse, so the Lord of Soul Eater will definitely not hand over the Soul Eater Talisman.

"Look at you in a hurry."

"But even if I don't give it, I will borrow the Soul Eater Talisman in the future." The Golden Dragon King still laughed.

"Could it be that you want to go to the center of the human world..." The Lord of Soul Eater had also heard a little about the two deeds of the Golden Dragon King and the ancient emperor Tuoshe, and immediately asked hesitantly.

"That's natural."

"What those guys took away I and their descendants will get them all back in the same way!" said the Golden Dragon King, but the same voice was full of extremely tyrannical chills!

"Although this old guy's current strength is not at the peak, he is also a dignified immortal warrior..." The Soul Eater felt the dazzling aura on the Golden Dragon King, and immediately said.

"Okay, the power and means of these two ghosts are quite strange. I'm afraid these people can't solve it."

"It's cheaper for you." After the Golden Dragon King finished speaking, he turned and left.

Seeing the figure of the Golden Dragon King leaving, the Soul Eater said slightly: "Well, you are Xiao Yan, but the secrets on your body are becoming more and more mysterious."

"But that's right, the last unknown orphan of the Xiao family."

"If this is known to the people in the Seven Realms Center, I'm afraid..."

After the Master of Soul Eater finished speaking, he carried the Soul Eater Talisman to stir up Xiao Yan's body slightly.

"Soul Devouring Talisman?" Feeling this sudden change, Xiao Yan hurriedly startled, and immediately became overjoyed!

This Youzun's strength is too strong, and this attack is clearly his all-out blow, even if Xiao Yan uses all his means, it is impossible to take it!

But the Soul Eater is different.

This thing is known as the Soul Eater Talisman of the Twelve Evil Soldiers in the Ghost World!

Moreover, Xiao Yan clearly remembered that it seemed that this guy liked the power of devouring the evil races from outside the realm. He knew it from the time when the Gorefiend left guard in the desert mountain range.

"It's up to you!" Xiao Yan directly took out the soul-devouring talisman from the ring and hid it in his own hands, and then stared at the evil black energy of destruction in front of him with a dignified expression!

Above the black air, a trace of death power is constantly surrounding, extremely evil! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: