Chapter 288: Closing!

On the top of the mountain at this time, the rays of light of different colors are also diffused. Without exception, in the forefront of these rays of light are led by strong men with their respective sects. As for the rays of light, it is this time. Newcomers joining their respective sects.

Since the choice of Mu Yingying and Yueru, Mu Yingying has joined the Burning Incense Pavilion, and Yueru has definitely joined the Wanhua Pavilion under the voice of the woman in the Wanhua Pavilion.

Although Xiao Yan has a huge soul power, it is easy to know what the powerhouse of Wanhua Pavilion said to Yueru, but Xiao Yan did not do that either. In the past, Xiao Yan also believed that Yue Ru would slowly let go of this love, which was also Zhenghe Xiao Yan's intention.

Just now, the strong man of Wanhua Pavilion said to Yueru: "If you want to catch up with your little lover, join us in Wanhua Pavilion."

"By virtue of your status as an inheritor, we can also obtain extremely huge resources in Wanhua Pavilion. The next time I see him, it will not be his drag, and it will not be easy to capture his heart... "

"As for the woman named Mu Yingying, there is no problem..." The woman from Wanhua Pavilion whispered in Yueru's ear.

"But..." Yueru also hesitated slightly.

"Too sticky is not good." The Wanhua Pavilion woman continued.

"Okay..." Yue Ru said a little unwillingly.

Although Chang Yu was delighted, he also knew the identity of the inheritor of Yueru, so he did not force Yueru to join, but instead made it cheaper for Wanhua Pavilion. Joining his own incense-burning pavilion restrained the woman's future development.

And with Chang Yu's hot eyes, he naturally discovered some unusual relationships between Xiao Yan and Yue Ru...

"It's fine to separate..." Chang Yu also said slowly.

In addition, the first place in the points plundering competition this time, their Fenxiang Pavilion also occupies most of the talented people. They should not be too extreme in their work. They should also give some newcomers to others. After all, the Fenxiang Pavilion is only with Solomon and the Xuanling Royal Family. The relationship is not harmonious, the other forces, the relationship is not bad.

Immediately, Yueru also shook her head, and then went straight to the back of the Wanhua Pavilion woman. At this point, the point grabbing competition can be regarded as the real end!

"Haha, this time the points plundering competition is really twists and turns..." The old Dan Gu looked at Xiao Yan with a little regret, obviously such an excellent seedling actually cheap Fenxiang Pavilion.

"It seems that your Fenxiang Pavilion will rise this time..." The people in the puppet palace also laughed. Obviously, the Fenxiang Pavilion has a harmonious relationship with Solomon and the Xuanling Royal Family, and the relationship with these other sects is also quite harmonious.

"Then I'll borrow your auspicious words." Chang Yu also smiled and looked at the group of people behind him. Obviously, Chang Yu didn't expect so many people to join the Fenxiang Pavilion this time. This is something that has never happened before, and There are also some talented and powerful Xiao Yan, Mu Yingying and Mu Feng.

"If that's the case, then take them home."

"In the Zongmen competition eight years later, I am also looking forward to the performance of you little guys." The old Dangu also laughed.

"Go!" King Xuanling also snorted coldly, and then turned into a burst of light. He just wanted to leave with the newcomer behind him, but he was intercepted unexpectedly.

"King Xuanling, don't be too busy to leave. Before the point grabbing competition, we agreed to give the first place in this point grabbing competition the qualification to soak in the Imperial Pond. Now, after our decision, the number of people has increased from thought to three. , I don't know if it counts..." Chang Yu also smiled slowly.

"Naturally counts!" King Xuanling also snorted coldly, but anyone with discernment could find that the pain in the eyes of King Xuanling could not be concealed.

Originally, if these people joined the Xuanling Royal Family, the Imperial Pond would naturally be no problem, but now they have joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, which is not a good relationship with the Xuanling Royal Family.

"Then I will thank Xuanling King for the three disciples of Burning Incense Pavilion for me." After Chang Yu finished speaking, he also watched the Xuanling King leave.

As Chang Yu's voice did not fall, many of the powerhouses next to him suddenly turned around. This was the most breakthrough performance, and the three with terrifying strength and talent all joined the Fenxiang Pavilion!

And which of the inheritors also wants to join the Burning Incense Pavilion. If there are no major changes, then the Burning Incense Pavilion will be the biggest winner this time!

"It seems that this Burning Incense Pavilion is also about to rise..." The surrounding powerhouses also knew in their hearts, and after saying hello to Chang Yu, they left one after another.

At this time, there were only people from the Wanhua Pavilion and the Burning Incense Pavilion remaining on the top of the mountain.

"We should go too." Chang Yu also said slowly.

"Senior, wait a moment." Xiao Yan also looked at Yue Ru, who was beside him, with the wrong eyes. He knew right away that he couldn't be so cruel. After all, when he was in the Yue family, he was taken care of by their family. He immediately softened, and then slowly walked over.

"Hey, when you go to Wanhua Pavilion, you still have to put away your weak character. After all, the competition is fierce everywhere."

"But if anyone bullies you, I'll be the first to refuse." Xiao Yan also smiled and walked back.

Although it was only a few short sentences, Yue Ru was quite happy when she heard it, which proved that Xiao Yan still had some different emotions towards her.

"I will."

"I will catch up with you in a short time..."

"Maybe the next time we meet, you won't be able to fight." Yue Ru also suppressed the tears in her beautiful eyes and said to Xiao Yan.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan also looked at Yue Ru and said.

"Yeah." Yueru responded slightly and then disappeared from the sight of the many remaining newcomers of Burning Incense Pavilion under the leadership of the powerful people in Wanhua Pavilion.

"I've finally left, but I'm suffocated..." A lazy voice also appeared, and then a familiar figure appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yi!

Since he came to the top of the mountain, Xiao Yan knew that Xiao Yi's identity would definitely be discovered by the strong here, so he also sought help from his master, the Golden Dragon King, and used a secret method to hide him in a space.

The Golden Dragon King's technique, even the strength of the Xuanling King, cannot be discovered, although he is not worried.

"This is..." Chang Yu also said with a smile, obviously this Xiao Yan still has a lot of thoughts.

"Hey, this is my brother." Xiao Yan also laughed. Obviously, he also discovered the situation of Fenxiang Pavilion just now, so he had to hide some means immediately, so as not to be known in the future when they fought.

With Chang Yu's eyesight, he naturally found that Xiao Yi's strength was quite good, but he was not too surprised, after all, he had seen this person in the Yin Corpse Forest.

"Then I'll join the Burning Incense Pavilion too." Xiao Yi also smiled slowly, milky white flames overflowing all over her body.

"Okay!" Chang Yu also laughed.

"Let's go, take you back to the Burning Incense Pavilion first." Chang Yu waved his hand, and then the flames all over his body appeared, turning into a ray of light to cover it all.

"It's finally over, now it's time to start looking for Holy Flame..." Xiao Yan's pupils also became hot.

On the top of the mountain, with the division of the disciples, the point grabbing competition can be regarded as the real end!

Ask for a ticket!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: