Chapter Vol 2 708: Heavenly Emperor Qi!

Above the pavilion in the Tongtian River, the three elders of Zhu Lao stood slowly.

"Although the opening of the cultivation hole was a bit hasty this time, it was mainly for the strength of these little guys, I just don't know what would happen."

"It's not so easy to cultivate in the cave at the ninth level." Qing Lao was still a little worried in his heart.

"I don't know how many days Xiao Yan can last..."

"The longer you persist in cultivating Dongtian, the more you will improve yourself."

"But if you are a ninth-level practitioner, I'm afraid..." Xiong Yuan said, obviously he was not optimistic about Xiao Yan entering the ninth-level training hole.

Don't say that Xiong Yuan is not optimistic, even if Xiong Yuan is allowed to enter the ninth-level cultivation cave by himself, I am afraid that he will not be able to last for ten days.

"I remember that the last few people who entered the ninth-level cultivation cave last time only stayed for five days at most." The old man spoke slowly.

"I hope this little guy has something to rely on, otherwise entering the ninth level to cultivate in the cave is just a waste of your time." Although Elder Zhu said that Xiao Yan has a lot of secrets, this is Tongtianhe after all, and Xiao Yan joined it. It is still the most powerful ninth-level cultivation cave, so the young and old do not really believe how long Xiao Yan can last.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This Heavenly Emperor Qi is getting rarer and rarer. The next time the pavilion master comes back, he must let him replenish it himself, otherwise it will be exhausted in a short time." Elder Zhu said slowly.

"Hey, it's the two of you here." Xiong Yuan smiled slowly.

"Let's go, it's time for these little guys next, and we should prepare for the ruins half a year away. After all, that kind of opportunity is rare." Elder Zhu said.

"En." The old and young people heard the words, nodded solemnly, and immediately left here.

"Boom boom boom!"

"His grandma's!" In the Tongtian River, although Xiao Yan's body was covered by Dou Qi and was not wetted by the water flow of Tongtian River, Xiao Yan found out.

This ninth-level cultivation cave is at the top of the Tongtian River, but every time he takes a step, the pressure becomes stronger!

The oppressive force was invisible and colorless, but every time Xiao Yan took a step, he suddenly felt that the huge water in the Tongtian River suppressed his breathing and slowed down!

Walking to the top of the Tongtian River corresponding to the seventh-level cultivation cave, Xiao Yan felt a great pressure.

"It seems that guy didn't lie. Although this ninth-level cultivation cave is powerful, the pressure is too terrifying, right?"

"There is such a huge amount of pressure in the seventh-level cultivation of Dongtian, then if the ninth-level..." Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and said stubbornly.

There is another way of saying the breath in the Tongtian River.

Heavenly Emperor Qi!

As the name suggests, it is the Emperor Qi that exists in the Tongtian River!

But this kind of emperor qi is different from other emperor qi. There is a lot of power of life and death in this emperor qi. Coupled with the transformation of countless days and nights, this emperor qi has finally formed!

Heavenly Emperor Qi has indescribable benefits to the powerhouses below the Eight Star Dou Emperor.

As long as the disciples who can enter the advanced cultivation cave to accept the quenching of Tongtian Emperor Qi, their strength will be greatly improved, and because there is a trace of life and death in this Tongtian Emperor Qi, they will condense the power of death and the relationship between life and death in the future. When it melted, it undoubtedly laid the groundwork.

"asshole!"

"The power of holy flame, give it to me!" The next moment, Xiao Yan couldn't care too much, the power of holy flame emerged directly, and then the speed increased sharply, heading towards the top of the Tongtian River!

With Sheng Yan's attack, Xiao Yan suddenly felt the pressure greatly reduced, but he did not take it lightly.

"Boom boom boom!" In the Tongtian River, the energy with the fierce fighting spirit was scattered everywhere!

In every energy, there will be a fascinating power.

"If you absorb these rich Heavenly Emperor Qi, I don't know if you will be able to step into the level of Six Star Dou Emperor Consummation." Xiao Yan murmured in a low voice.

Although Dou Emperors require incomparably huge power at each rank, Xiao Yan believes that the Heaven-reaching Emperor Qi in the Tongtian River is enough!

"Let's go ahead and talk about it!" As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yan's eyes flickered with a hint of doubt, and then his figure increased sharply, and he went directly to Tongtian River!

"Shabu Shabu..."

"Someone actually wants to enter the ninth-level cultivation cave?"

"Don't die?" Zhu Yuan said to himself, staring at the figure wrapped in dazzling flames in the lower section of Tongtian River, where he was a little bit of the eighth-level cultivation cave.

"Ninth-level cultivation cave?"

"Is it crazy?" Ling Xuan also found out that someone was trying to enter the ninth-level cultivation cave, and was immediately surprised!

Ling Xuan and Zhu Yuan also have the qualifications and strength to enter the ninth-level cultivation cave, but both of them know that although the ninth-level cultivation cave is good, the current strength of the two may not be able to hold on for a day, so Retreat and choose the eighth-level cultivation cave.

"what……"

"What?" Xiao Yan stared at the pressure of the extremely scarred, and instantly came to the eighth-level cultivation cave, but at this time Xiao Yan realized that no matter what he did, he couldn't move forward!

"Shabu Shabu!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's huge soul power surged out instantly, and probed the place in front of him where he couldn't move forward!

"Is it an enchantment?" In just a short moment, Xiao Yan knew the mystery here, and immediately opened his mouth slightly.

"Let me come." Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, Mu Yingying slowly stepped forward and whispered something.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he cast a glance at Mu Yingying, did not say anything, and retreated a path.

"Boom boom boom!" Mu Yingying's whole body suddenly appeared blue holy flame, and then her jade finger flicked at the mysterious barrier, and suddenly the invisible barrier clicked, revealing a gap!

"Come in!" Mu Yingying murmured softly and then swept in directly!

"Okay!" Xiao Yan agreed, then without hesitation, he went straight inside!

"Is it a self-contained space in Tongtian Hanoi..."

"It's really a mysterious space..." Xiao Yan just entered the ninth-level cultivation cave, which is the top of the Tongtian River, and suddenly said.

"Mu Yingying?" The next moment, Xiao Yan turned his head and asked.

"Where's the person?" He called out without seeing or hearing Mu Yingying's voice, Xiao Yan suddenly became vigilant, and the huge soul force also twitched instantly.

"It seems that they should be separated."

"But these are fine." Shaking his head, Xiao Yan spoke slowly.

"Next, it's time to absorb Tongtianhe Emperor Qi." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Just after entering this ninth-level cultivation cave, Xiao Yan suddenly felt that an invisible terrifying force had emerged, and this force had emerged, making the exercises in his body rather greedy.

This is a huge space, boundless as far as the eye can see, and what it has are only countless stormy waves, but in the stormy waves, Xiao Yan vaguely discovered that there seems to be other powerful forces in it, and in the stormy waves, there are still other powerful forces. Mixed with a hint of strange color.

"That is……"

"Tongtian Emperor Qi..." Xiao Yan finished speaking, and now it has become hot, and even the exercises in the body have become hot!

Ask for tickets!