Chapter Vol 4 1886: The scariest monster ever!

"Dong dong dong!" After waiting in line for a long time, it was Xiao Yan's turn to enter the registration office. After some cumbersome knocks on the door, Xiao Yan also entered it smoothly.

Just entering the lobby of the registration office, Xiao Yan looked around and found that there were only three people here.

The head is an old man. The old man is sitting on the top of the lobby, holding a feather pen and waving it gently, as if recording something. Next to the old man, two guards standing like stone statues stand quietly.

"Tell me your name and strength, and I will naturally decide the type and rank of your army." At the top of the lobby, the old man had a horn on his forehead. Strength, the two guards around him were also staring at Xiao Yan, and a solemn aura filled Xiao Yan's body.

"As expected of the Myriad Demon Nation, this is such a terrifying handwriting." Xiao Yan smiled slightly when he saw this. It was obvious that the three guys in front of him were all among the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

"Xiao Yan, in terms of strength, it is in the early stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals." After the breath, Xiao Yan said in a very calm voice, as if he was telling a rather simple matter.

"Oh?"

"Seven Stars Fighting Immortals?" At this time, the horned monster old man's eyes lit up, and he couldn't help but glance at Xiao Yan.

Judging from the experience of the old man, this Xiao Yan was quite young, and at such an age he was able to reach the level of Seven Star Fighting Immortals. His talent should not be underestimated!

Because the lifespan of monsters can basically survive under ten thousand years, and after ten thousand years, it will be the first 10,000-year catastrophe.

In addition, the age calculation of monsters is different from that of humans. For monsters, only after the birth of spiritual wisdom and through the transformation of the catastrophe can it be counted as the beginning of the supernatural, and only then can the age be counted.

The older the monster is, the older its face will be. Unless some precious medicinal herbs are used, its face will continue to weaken.

"Is there a problem?" Xiao Yan glanced slightly, confronted with the old man, and asked in doubt.

"Seven Star Fighting Immortals can run for the monster generals in the monster army. I wonder if Brother Xiao Yan is interested?" After Shunxi, the old man laughed softly like an old fox.

Nowadays, in troubled times, a guy like Xiao Yan who is young and powerful is naturally very welcome.

"I have little knowledge and knowledge, and I joined the army just to protect my homeland. How can He De compete with many powerful people in the Myriad Demon Nation."

"My lord's words are under my heart." At this time, Xiao Yan clasped his fists slightly, and there was a trace of a relieved smile on the corner of his mouth, as if he was dismissive of this so-called demon general.

"This guy... seems to have some secrets." The old man took a pen and wrote Xiao Yan's name on the paper, and immediately smelled a hint of danger from Xiao Yan's harmless smile.

"Wolf general, take him down. There are now eight new demon generals. I believe this will be a fierce battle." After Shunxi, the old man said to one of the guards beside him.

"But my lord, isn't this guy?" The wolf general, one of the guards, heard the words and looked at the horned old man in confusion, wondering.

"You just take him there, the rest is up to him, I hope I'm not mistaken this time." The old man with horns pretended to be profound.

"Yes." As soon as he finished speaking, the wolf general took Xiao Yan away from here and went somewhere.

"Sir, this guy named Xiao Yan seems to be very dangerous." As the wolf general and Xiao Yan left, the remaining guard spoke slowly.

"Did you notice it too?"

"This guy seems to be quite arrogant, the indifference in his tone, if he is not possessed of stunts, I am afraid he is a reckless man."

"But my intuition tells me that he should be the former, because the fierce murderous aura on him cannot be faked." The horned old man smiled.

"Sir Shengming, but this time in the army, there are many powerhouses competing for demon generals, but there are very few powerhouses who can compete for demon commanders." The guard said hesitantly.

"Hey, take your time." As soon as the voice fell, calm was restored here.

On the other side, the fierce aura on Wolf Jiang's body was like that of a vicious wolf, which was suffocating. At this time, he took Xiao Yan to the martial arts arena with a look of resentment.

The Martial Arts Arena stands in the underground of the Ten Thousand Demons Kingdom. It is a special realm built by the Ten Thousand Demon King himself. Its purpose is naturally to train the army, elect generals, and compete with each other.

Nowadays, the number of monsters who have signed up for the army is constantly increasing. Among the monsters, the most powerful and intelligent will be brought here to participate in the battle, so as to elect the commanders and staff who can serve as the army.

"Humph!"

"Boy, you seem to be extremely arrogant." On the way, he took Xiao Yan to his destination, but the wolf general smelled a hint of contempt from Xiao Yan's harmless smile, and couldn't help shouting loudly.

"Why do you see it?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately restrained a smile and said softly,

"The few newly promoted demon generals are all real powerhouses. You little arm and calf, let alone fighting with other demon generals, I'm afraid you don't even know how you died." The wolf general looked on his face. Serious way.

"You don't need to worry about this, just take me there." Xiao Yan said slightly.

"Today's eight demon generals, the most powerful ones have the power of the late stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals. You are giving up death in vain." The wolf general snorted coldly, obviously having a lot of dissatisfaction with Xiao Yan's attitude.

The martial arts arena is like a circular arena. In the battle area where the bumps go down, and outside the barrier wrapped by the barrier, countless monsters are walking around here, and in the arena below, a field The fierce battle is in full swing.

"Go down, the eight demon generals are below. I hope you can survive one or two rounds. This will be of great benefit to you in the army in the future." After the wolf general finished speaking, he suddenly kicked Xiao Yan into the In the sunken battlefield.

"Eight monster generals, it seems that they have some shocking means Xiao Yan heard the words, but the corners of his mouth smiled invariably, if there were only eight monster generals whose strength did not exceed the late stage of Seven Star Fighting Immortals. , then for himself, it still can't cause any obstacles!

Among the army of the demon world, apart from the supreme ruler Wan Yao Wang Zai, he is the demon commander with the highest strength and power. Although Xiao Yan's strength is only in the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, Xiao Yan's wolf ambition is not just a small demon. will.

...

After about ten minutes of touching, a monster with a hurried face ran out of the arena in a hurry with a look of astonishment.

"What's the matter?" The wolf general was still here waiting for Xiao Yan's record, so that he could return to the lord, looking at this hurried monster, he couldn't help asking.

"Lord Wolf General, the big thing is bad." The monster in charge of the message couldn't say a word for a long time.

"What happened?" The wolf general couldn't help but asked coldly.

"The guy you brought..." The monster said slowly.

"Did you fail?"

"A powerhouse in the early stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortals really can't put much hope in it." The wolf general shook his head, as if he could predict Xiao Yan's record.

"Cough, cough... Well, if I accidentally didn't control the strength, there shouldn't be a problem, right?" At this time, in the battlefield below, eight monsters of different statures fell to the ground with serious injuries. They were dreaming. Unexpectedly, this guy who laughed harmless to humans and animals actually defeated eight people with his own power!

That kind of shock made the eight people feel fearful and respectful towards Xiao Yan!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.