Chapter 194: Secret crater! (Happy New Year!)

Xiao Yan suddenly stopped descending, and a milky white light burst out instantly, and then a scorching high temperature was like a scorching sun in the sky, vast and powerful, and it was overwhelming.

Then, under the light of the flames, Xiao Yan also slowly saw the ground here.

Quietly looking at the dragon soul below, Xiao Yan suddenly found something reflective below.

Immediately mobilized the huge soul power to take a closer look, the light below was extremely strong, making Xiao Yan hard to open his eyes, unable to see clearly at all.

However, in Xiao Yan's soul realm, the appearance of that thing was clearly revealed.

It turned out to be a long sword in an ancient form, and it was inserted into a rock wall in the crater below the hard, exposing only half of the sword body. Surprisingly, the sword body flashed a coquettish red light, which was very strange.

Xiao Yan was shocked. Could it be that this sword is what Long Soul said before, the immortal sword obtained by the three masters thousands of years ago?

Although Xiao Yan doesn't have much research on weapons, he also knows that this weapon can be called a fairy weapon, naturally it has been tempered by the power of a fighting fairy. big increase.

As for the immortal sword, it is the divine sword...

Legend has it that there is a ranking list of weapons in the seven worlds. There are sixteen magical weapons in the human world, and each weapon on it has the ability to swallow the sky and eat the earth. The ghost world has ten evil soldiers, and the demon world has Wearing the top ten weapons...

In short, every realm has a powerful magic weapon!

At this time, the dragon soul below was flying in the flames of the crater, its body was growing continuously, and its strength was rapidly increasing.

A wild aura instantly broke through the milky white flame defense that Xiao Yan had set up beside him, suppressing Xiao Yan's originally powerful aura.

The dragon soul roared wildly. At this time, the body had reached a length of more than 50 feet, and a thickness of more than 10 feet. It was like a fetish in the sky, and it was appalling.

Looking at Xiao Yan above his head, the dragon soul roared loudly, the dragon claws danced, and a giant tail of flames instantly rose into the air, rolling directly towards Xiao Yan.

The raging flames shot across the sky, and the entire space suddenly flourished, and a sea of ​​flames several dozen feet wide immediately surrounded Xiao Yan.

In the huge eyes of the dragon soul, a proud look flashed, and his body suddenly flew up, his fiery red tail, aimed at Xiao Yan, who was surrounded by flames, and slammed wildly, obviously wanting to destroy Xiao Yan in one fell swoop without giving him any escape. gap.

Xiao Yan's eyes were fiery red, and with a flick of the ancient ruler, a milky white flame immediately filled Xiao Yan's body. At the volcanic crater below, there was a strange brilliance in the flames, but those with a discerning eye could see it at a glance. out!

The flame on Xiao Yan's body was undoubtedly much stronger than the one at the crater below, but Xiao Yan deliberately suppressed it, so the dragon soul didn't find it.

At this time, the underground crater contained incomparably hot flames. While the dragon soul strengthened itself with the help of the flames, it was also constantly strengthening Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan turned on the Fen Jue, absorbed the thick flame energy around him with all his strength, and quickly filled up his fighting qi in order to deal with the dragon soul.

Xiao Yan was on the crater of the volcano and was surrounded by dazzling flames, so he couldn't see the dragon soul at all, but he knew everything about the dragon soul very well.

Although Xiao Yan's eyes were blocked by the flames of the crater, his soul power clearly showed all the actions of the dragon soul in his mind.

Xiao Yan let out a sneer in his heart, and the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand trembled, and the terrifying flame of a ruler shot out instantly, meeting the giant tail of the dragon soul.

And he was also at the same time, three thousand thunderbolts unfolded, and instantly moved a distance of eighty feet away, avoiding the tail of the dragon soul.

Standing still in the void, Xiao Yan's body flashed with milky white flame light, and looked coldly at the dragon soul in front of him.

Xiao Yan also knew that the Bing Xianjian at the crater was obviously guarded by the dragon soul, and the only way to get it was to defeat the dragon soul.

Moreover, according to Xiao Yan's previous guess, the strength of this fire dragon is very likely to have the strength of Dou Di's peak, but the body is destroyed and the strength is greatly weakened, but I don't know why the fire dragon is fleeing here, so Xiao Yan is also Be careful.

Xiao Yan opened his mouth and said, "I didn't expect your original body to be a fire dragon, but I just don't know why you have been fleeing here."

Dragon Soul opened his huge mouth and shouted angrily: "Human, you don't have to talk nonsense. Since you came here and discovered the secret here, don't think about leaving alive."

"Here, everything is my world, I can do whatever I want, and no one can help me."

"The fire is raging to the sky, the dragon soul is not broken, and no one can kill me. You should die." The dragon soul showed its body, the dragon claws flew, and countless flames suddenly rose from the ground, forming a strange fire formation, surrounding Xiao Yan. in the middle.

"The flame of this crater was actually controlled by this fire dragon!" Xiao Yan was also shocked. Although Xiao Yan was not afraid, even Xiao Yan, who was the Yan Emperor, did not have such means.

The dragon soul opened a giant mouth, and the flames in the dragon's mouth and the dragon flames below swept Xiao Yan wildly, and the momentum was extremely terrifying!

Xiao Yan's eyes were slightly solemn, the high temperature around him could melt everything in an instant, and inside, his whole body was soaked with sweat.

Xiao Yan hurriedly placed nine lines of Dou Qi defenses around his body, layer upon layer to protect himself tightly.

Then, through the exploration of soul power, it was found that the dragon soul at this time was at least several times stronger than the previous power, which was simply appalling.

Xiao Yan was very cautious in his heart. Although he was already at the peak of the three-star Dou Di, he had to be very careful when he encountered this mysterious fire dragon here.

Feeling that the dragon soul started to attack with all its strength, Xiao Yan also became solemn.

Under the operation of Fen Jue, layers of energy composed of milky white flames continued to attack the fire dragon tenaciously resisting the dragon flame of the dragon soul with its aura of destruction.

Xiao Yan was standing in the great fire formation at this time, his body was tense, his hands were slightly stretched out, and the ancient ruler of eternal fire was brewing in his hands.

Looking at the huge dragon soul, Xiao Yan gave a cold smile, his hands clasped together instantly, two powerful flames that were decidedly different suddenly met, and a violent explosion suddenly occurred.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

Xiao Yan raised his hands high, and then his body was full of fighting qi to the extreme. He aimed at the dragon soul in front of him and attacked viciously. He saw a dark red shock wave with the aura of erosion and destruction, and instantly hit the dragon soul. body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Originally, with the strength of Dragon Soul, it was naturally able to evade Xiao Yan's attack, but Dragon Soul was also rebellious and arrogant, so it resisted Xiao Yan's attack, but it obviously underestimated Xiao Yan's attack.

The dragon soul roared violently into the sky, and his body was instantly hit by Xiao Yan's attack, and then the body-protecting dragon gang shattered, and the entire body of the dragon soul fell towards the volcanic crater below.

The milky white flames on Xiao Yan's body also dimmed a lot. Obviously, this blow was also a big burden on Xiao Yan.

Looking at the dragon soul falling towards the volcanic crater below, Xiao Yan knew that it would not die like this. Although this blow broke its body-protecting dragon gangster, it would not have a fatal blow to it.

Xiao Yan's soul power clearly felt that its still tyrannical power was rapidly recovering.