Chapter 284: 9 Attractive Conditions of Super Sects (Part 1)!

As King Xuanling's voice fell, he also looked at Xiao Yan with great interest.

As we all know, the first place in every point plundering competition, no matter which sect joins, the future achievements are not to be underestimated!

Therefore, this Xiao Yan's choice will undoubtedly cause all sects to care about it!

Sometimes, some sects will win over Xiao Yan at all costs, and offer some quite tempting prices!

"Hey, don't be too busy agreeing."

"After all, you are the No. 1 player in this point-grabbing competition. Why don't we give out the resources of our respective sects and let them choose?" Solomon's strong man also said slowly.

"This..." Xiao Yan was about to speak just now, but was confused by this sudden scene.

"Hey, it's normal, this is your first place treatment." After Mu Feng finished speaking, he also turned to look at Mu Yingying. If Xiao Yan hadn't turned the tide, then the champion would have been Mu Yingying.

"I'm not interested in these." Mu Yingying also noticed Mu Feng's gaze, and immediately shrugged indifferently.

"Is that so..." Xiao Yan also laughed. Although he had already made plans, Xiao Yan still wanted to see the attractive conditions of these super sects.

"I'll come first."

"In Solomon's words, it is known as a strange person who covers the world, so the condition given can be a fighting spirit of quite beautiful quality!" Solomon's strong man said.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Fighting soul?"

"This Solomon is really willing to pay for it..." Chang Yu also secretly said.

Everyone here knows the preciousness of the fighting spirit. Every time the hunting of the fighting spirit requires a lot of high-end combat power in the sect. The quality and strength are also getting stronger and stronger.

This is also the symbol of a strong Nine Star Dou Di!

Have a fighting spirit!

A nine-star Dou Di strong with a fighting spirit and a nine-star Dou Di strong who thought they did not have all the fighting spirits are like a sky and an underground.

"Fighting Soul?" This was the first time Xiao Yan heard of this kind of thing, and he was immediately surprised.

"The so-called fighting spirit means that if you step into the nine-star Dou Emperor powerhouse, you can absorb the fighting spirit after entering the ninth rank."

"And fighting spirit, in a sense, is something that can greatly enhance one's own strength and combat effectiveness."

"Fighting with people, summoning the fighting spirit, and adding some strange powers of the fighting spirit with one's own cultivation base, so as to gently deal with the enemy, this is a bit similar to your fire elf possession, but the fighting spirit does not have You are a powerful fire spirit possessed."

"After all, your fire elf possession is extremely perfect, but the fighting spirit is not so complete, and there will definitely be a lot of power overflowing."

"In the seven realms today, there are a total of 108 fighting spirits, with different shapes. Of course, it is not ruled out that some extremely huge fighting spirits have not been discovered."

"However, the appearance of this kind of fighting spirit is also quite strict. Only monsters that are more than tens of thousands of years old have a very small chance of falling..." The voice of the Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

"It's no wonder that this King Xuanling has the ferocity of a demon beast on his body, so..." Xiao Yan also murmured.

"Don't worry, you don't have to worry about fighting spirits. When you reach that level in the future, the fighting spirits you possess are definitely not comparable to these people." The Golden Dragon King said in a loving voice.

"The junior has thanked the senior, but it's just that the cultivation journey can't be too ambitious, so the junior is still thinking about one or two..." Xiao Yan also replied gently.

The strong man of Solomon also frowned, obviously being rejected by this Xiao Yan.

"Hehe, Solomon is really generous."

"But my Wanhua Pavilion doesn't have such powerful benefits."

"If Xiao Yan's friends choose to join my Wanhua Pavilion, then I think Wanhua Pavilion will also give you a thousand flowers baptism." The woman of Wanhua Pavilion also said slightly, but everyone knew what she meant.

"Didn't your Wanhua Pavilion always only accept female disciples?" Chang Yu also frowned slightly.

"Hehe, let you Fenxiang Pavilion make an exception to accept female disciples, but our Wanhua Pavilion can't accept male disciples?" The woman in Wanhua Pavilion also said relentlessly.

When Chang Yu heard the words, he was at a loss for words and then did not speak. The grievances between the Fenxiang Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion still need to be resolved by their respective sects. After all, it is the grievance of the older generation, and it has continued to their generation .

"Baptism of ten thousand flowers?"

"My darling, this Wanhua Baptism is quite precious in Wanhua Pavilion. It needs the owner of Wanhua Pavilion to personally take action and use a special method. The impurities in the body will also be completely eliminated, so the fighting qi in the body is extremely pure, and it will also help future cultivation." Mu Feng also said with a bit of envy.

"This ten thousand flowers baptism is also quite good. It can expel impurities from the body, and it can also concentrate on cultivation. The speed of cultivation can also be greatly accelerated, and the power in my body is too messy. It’s really a good place.” Xiao Yan also laughed, obviously, if he really wanted to choose what Solomon and Wanhua Pavilion brought out, he would only choose Wanhua Pavilion, after all, Solomon’s reputation is not very good. Although the fighting spirit is precious, it must also be enjoyed with life.

"Haha, Wanhua Pavilion is also willing to pay for it..."

"As far as I know, this Thousand Flowers Baptism will only be granted if you get a lot of achievements in Wanhua Pavilion. I can't imagine that in order to win over this Xiao Yan, you are willing to pay such a high price..." Solomon's powerhouse is also Wei Wei said.

The King Xuanling on the side also moved his eyes slightly. Obviously, for the baptism of thousands of flowers in this Wanhua Pavilion, even if it is stronger than him, he is quite moved After all, the fighting spirit in the body is under the long-term cultivation, It will also be mixed with some other impurities. This Wanhua Pavilion's Wanhua baptism can remove impurities, thereby making one's own fighting qi more pure, and its benefits are self-evident.

"Junior thanks senior..." Xiao Yan also said respectfully, after all Xiao Yan didn't want to go to a place full of women.

"Haha, Wanhua Pavilion and Solomon are really generous..."

"But I don't have such means in Purgatory Hall. If you join our Purgatory Hall, I can give you a roll of Immortal Rank Fighting Skills." Although the powerhouse in Purgatory Hall said it lightly, he paid attention to Xiao Yan in his words. The degree is not weak at all!

With the eyes of a powerhouse in Purgatory Hall, it is natural to find the aura between Xiao Yan's brows. That murderous intent is definitely not owned by flowers in the greenhouse. It must be cultivated only by having a real life-and-death fight. of.

"If this Xiao Yan joins my Purgatory Hall, we have the confidence to train him to become the next successor!" The powerhouse of Purgatory Hall also said secretly.

When Xiao Yan heard this, his pupils also shrank tightly.

Immortal-level fighting skills, even among the various sects in Xuantian San, where the powers are like clouds, are equivalent to pressing the bottom of the box. The purgatory hall is willing to take out such a huge thing, which also shows that Xiao Yan is in a strong position. must.

As the voice of the powerhouse in Purgatory Hall did not fall, the powerhouses of the other sects around him also frowned. Obviously, even in their respective sects, this immortal-level fighting skill is quite important.

Ask for tickets!