Chapter Vol 4 2055: Appetizers, Heavenly Fighting Spirit, Nether Flame Python...

"I announce that the once-in-a-hundred-year-old auction of the Yao Clan will begin now!" As Yao Yun's light and sweet voice slowly fell, the pupils of countless people in the entire auction hall shrank tightly, and their eyes became unprecedented. Hot and crazy, staring at the crystal table above the auction table.

"Next, it's the appetizers of this auction. Please feel the first auction item carefully." Yaoyun felt the fiery gazes and such a lively atmosphere from all around, slender jade hands gently swayed, and immediately The jade hammer gently tapped on the crystal table, the ground above the auction table shook slowly, and layers of mist emerged.

"Dong, dong, dong!" With the sound of Yaoyun's move, a dazzling white light mist appeared on the entire auction table, and the dazzling white light stabbed the eyes of the strong people present, causing them to take a short time. Lost vision, but only lasted for a few breaths.

After a while, on the spacious auction table, next to the crystal table, a jade cage slowly poured into everyone's sight.

On the jade cage, there are strips of silver patterns. The patterns are like ancient and mysterious stripes, revealing the power of endless suppression. Inside the jade cage is a strange brown creature, which slowly entrenched like a disc. People can't see the real form, but above the disc, a pair of extremely cold eyes emerged, staring at the countless figures outside the jade cage with fierce light, and a fierce murderous aura emerged.

"What is this……"

"Warcraft?" Seeing the appearance of the first auction item, some of the strong people present couldn't help but look at each other.

"Strange, it seems that after this guy appeared, the surrounding temperature has increased a lot, is it an illusion..." Xiao Yan shook his head slightly, the jade cage was covered with a very tyrannical confinement, and no power could invade the slightest.

"This thing is a fighting spirit, and its rank has reached a rare heaven level. I believe that all the strong people present will not be unfamiliar with the word fighting spirit." Yaoyun's beautiful eyes looked around, and the voice sounded.

"Fighting soul?"

"It's actually a fighting spirit?" Hearing Yaoyun's words, there was an uproar in the auction hall.

For the many powerhouses present, the powerhouse with a fighting spirit is probably not one in a thousand. First, the fighting spirit is too rare and hard to find, and secondly, there is not much time and energy to cultivate the fighting spirit.

However, for the fighting spirit, the higher the level, the more obvious its advantages are. As long as the fighting spirit reaches the prefecture level, it is enough to cause countless strong people to loot.

Because the fighting spirit is the baby that directly enhances its own strength!

When the same level of powerhouses practice the same fighting skills, the existence of the fighting spirit is enough to subvert the entire battle situation.

The classification of fighting spirits is divided into attack, defense and so on. Similar to the fighting spirit of the undead king of the undead in Xiao Yan's body, now it is at best an offensive fighting spirit at the peak of the earth level. It is undoubtedly far from the heavenly fighting spirit in front of him There is still some distance.

"Miss Yaoyun, don't give a shit, tell us what this is, right?" The appearance of the fighting spirit undoubtedly caused a commotion here, and some strong people couldn't help but say, obviously their hearts were already beginning to stir.

"This item is called Nether Flame Python. It belongs to the snake family. It is an attacking fighting spirit. It was taken from a lava mountain range by our seniors when they traveled to the mainland by chance. The origin is clear, so you can rest assured."

"This soul is unruly and unruly, even some eight-star fighting immortals are difficult to tame, and because of the fire attribute, if it cannot be tamed, I am afraid that it will cause some dark flames. No one can tame it, so I can only reluctantly give it up and put it up for auction." Yaoyun eloquently explained the details of the Nether Flame Python, alleviating the concerns of the strong present.

"Hey, this little doll is smart...but it's too absurd that no one in the medicine family can tame this excuse." At this moment, some old men in the front row had such questions in their hearts.

"Brother Xiao Yan, this is a good thing. If we can get it, it will be a huge improvement for you and Sister Cailin." Xun'er frowned, obviously aware of the extraordinary fighting spirit, not to mention The value of this level of fighting spirit is no less than that of immortal art.

"Let's take a look first." Xiao Yan looked helpless, obviously he didn't have the money right now.

"Hee hee, look at me." Seeing this, Xun'er smiled strangely. The two small dimples were raised slightly, which was very cute. Obviously Xiao Yan underestimated Xun'er's current identity. A girl with real power can only say that wealth can rival a country.

"Because this is the first auction item, it is a special case to bid with gold coins." Yaoyun said with a smile.

"Auction with gold coins?"

"Is there such a good thing?" Hearing Yaoyun's words, some interested powerhouses in the back couldn't help but their eyes widened. After all, in Yaowang City's auctions, there have been very few gold coin auctions since ancient times.

"The starting price is 100 million gold coins, and the price increase shall not be less than 10 million gold coins once, everyone, please." Although Yaoyun is extremely coquettish and charming, his grasp of the atmosphere in the auction is just right.

"One hundred million gold coins?" Hearing Yaoyun's voice just finished, there was a commotion in Du, and one hundred million gold coins was obviously not a small amount.

"One hundred million gold coins... But it's not a loss after all." Xiao Yan nodded slowly, obviously he could sense that there might be something special in the fighting spirit, that kind of flame pattern around his body was difficult for even Xiao Yan Sensing the mystery, I am afraid that even the power of the Medicine Clan will not be able to solve the snooping, so I put it up for auction.

"200 million." Hearing Xiao Yan muttering to himself, Xun'er raised her hand slightly, and said indifferently, suppressing all those powerhouses who had increased their prices by 10 million gold coins and 10 million gold coins.

"What?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but be slightly surprised when he heard this voice, but he felt that the voice was extremely familiar, so he couldn't help but look back.

This time, I saw Xun'er's little tiger teeth showing slightly, with a smile on his face, looking at him harmlessly.

For ordinary forces, 200 million gold coins can be considered as savings for many years, but for the ancient race standing at the top of the Douyun Continent pyramid, it is just like a drizzle.

After Xun'er spoke, the voice in the rear became weaker Although no one could recognize Xun'er, the fierce pressure on his body made the strong man in the rear chill. Possessing such strength, I am afraid that it is a child of a certain super race, so others do not dare to offend at will.

"This little baby is quite familiar, but I have had a relationship with the younger generations of many sects on the Douyun Continent. I am afraid that it is only a person from the ancient clan." Above, a red-haired old man looked at Xun'er's figure and couldn't help muttering slowly.

"Ancient people..."

"Three hundred million." Listening to Old Yan's opening, a red-haired, black-faced man behind Old Yan couldn't help but muttered slowly.

Both belong to the Yan clan, and they are quite warlike. In the past, they resented the ancient clan very much, but now they are naturally willing to "help" them.

"I didn't expect that even the Yan clan would take action..." Looking at the strong exits of the Yan clan, some lucky people in the back also gave up the price increase completely. The ancient race's character of protecting shortcoming is not something they dare to contend with, and they only fight one by one. Soul, not enough for them to tear their faces.

"Four hundred million." Seeing this, Xun'er looked away from Xiao Yan, looking at the red-haired and black-faced Yan clan man, a trace of chill emerged.

"Five hundred million." The red-haired man said.

"600 million." Xun'er continued casually. .

"This young lady is really rich and powerful, so there is no need to fight for this thing." The red-haired man clasped his fists and smiled, and immediately had the smell of being taken advantage of.

"What a good Yan clan, but actually made my family Xun'er spend 400 million extra in vain..." Although Xiao Yan was kind on the surface, he was quite ill at the behavior of the Yan clan in his heart.