Chapter Vol 4 1780: Biting incident!

Since ancient times, Shuiyuan City has had an unwritten rule. At noon on the last day of the month at the end of each month, the city owner will go out to investigate many dangers and some unknown secrets in the city. Therefore, the security of Shuiyuan City is also quite good. of.

"The Lord of the City is here..."

"Long live the Lord of the City!"

"..." At this time, in the center of the city, countless people voluntarily stood in the second row, and a well-trained soldier divided the crowd. It was so, and the enthusiastic atmosphere also made the blood boil in the body.

"Wu Kun, the lord of Shuiyuan City, the strong man of the ancient family in the city, is a subordinate who has sworn allegiance to the Seventh Princess, in the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal... I remember Lin Shuang said that behind this guy there is a quite powerful water family. Support..." Xiao Yan easily entered Shuiyuan City, and he was also in the crowd at this time. Looking at the man riding a white horse on the street in the field, some information secretly poured into his heart.

"This guy... is not the object of suspicion." After a glance, Xiao Yan also gave up staring at the city lord Wu Kun. After all, relying on Xiao Yan's current huge soul power, unless the Seven Stars Fight Immortals, it would be difficult to hide himself against him. perception.

"My lord, under your leadership, Shuiyuan City is becoming more and more prosperous. If the Seventh Princess can come here in person, I'm afraid I will be very pleased." In the center of the street, the city owner rode a white horse, and Tian Steward followed him, but This guy had a smile on his face and was also riding a white horse.

"Hopefully... But now some fishermen go out to fish, and they have no harvest, or even have gone forever. There is no such thing in the records of our Shuiyuan City, but it should not be underestimated." Wu Kun enthusiastically waved to these people and whispered, obviously aware of the problems they are facing now.

"This is the negligence of the subordinate, and the subordinate will deal with it in the near future." Listening to Wu Kun reprimanding himself, Tian Butler smiled humbly.

"If that's the case, let's go. It's better to go back and solve other things as usual." As soon as the voice fell, the two and the guards started to march.

"Hoohoho!" In an instant, just as the two were about to leave for the next place, among the crowd, suddenly there were several men dressed as fishermen, with dazzling red lights emerging from their bodies, their pupils turning scarlet, and a breakthrough was made in one fell swoop. The soldiers blocked, the **** mouth opened, and the blood-colored fangs emerged. The speed was so fast that it directly attacked the city lord!

"Guards, stop them!" The crowd was full of voices. Now that the scene appeared, it naturally caused a lot of panic. At this time, Butler Tian snorted coldly, and suddenly several people who had already been hidden in the crowd The speed of plainclothes skyrocketed, and they went to their uniforms.

"Bang bang bang!" The fisherman, who was in a madness, ignored it, moving quickly and quickly, directly overcoming their obstruction in one fell swoop, biting his blood-colored fangs at Wu Kun.

"Squeak." With a sound, Wu Kun's eyes closed gently, and suddenly a thick humidity filled the streets, and even the fishermen who had fallen into madness. He was actually bound by a silver blister, easily bound in place, unable to move.

"What's going on?" Seeing Wu Kun taking action to subdue several people, Butler Tian asked the guard beside him with a livid face.

"My lord... We have strictly checked the people who come and go. We really don't know about this kind of thing." When asked this way, these people couldn't help but muttered.

"Don't blame them for this, come here, take these people back, and I will personally interrogate them." Wu Kun lightly tapped, and suddenly the violent aura of several people suddenly diminished, and they fell into a coma.

"Maintain the order at the scene. Today's parade ends here." As soon as the voice fell, the white horse gave a high-pitched voice, and the crowd suddenly disappeared here.

"Is that... a violent aura?" Xiao Yan had been standing quietly among the crowd, and couldn't help but muttered at this moment.

"Wait, those people are my uncles, how can you do this!" Just when the violent people were brought back by the City Lord's Mansion, a young man jumped out of the crowd and couldn't help roaring at him. .

"Boy, don't confuse the public, get out of my way." However, no one paid any attention to this young man, and the soldiers kicked him aside.

"You demons in human skins!"

"You should go to hell!" The young man roared after being kicked aside, the corners of his eyes couldn't help turning red because of the pain.

"Boy, you are making trouble, I will take you back and send you to the water prison!" Seeing this guy's stubbornness, the soldier roared.

"They are sick, the Lord of the City will give you justice."

"Let's go." At this time, Xiao Yan stepped forward gently, supported the young man, and with all his strength, took this guy out of here.

"Little brother, let's talk?" He easily took this man away from the noisy crowd and came to a no-man's land, Xiao Yan said softly, relying on his intuition, what this guy should know.

"Okay!"

"But I know what you want to ask." The young man pondered for a while, then stared at Xiao Yan's dark pupils, and said word by word, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan just now, I'm afraid he would be in quite a dangerous situation, after all, even if it was himself If there is a mistake, these soldiers will also subdue themselves first to maintain order on the scene.

"It was my uncles who just attacked the city lord." The young man calmed down and whispered.

"Why did they attack the city lord?"

"Do they have any deep hatred?" Xiao Yan asked back.

"no."

"The Lord of the City is quite friendly to the city, whether it is the mercenaries who go out to sea to kill sea beasts, or the fishermen like us... I don't know why they want to assassinate the Lord of the City." The young man said blankly.

"This guy..." Xiao Yan didn't interrupt him when he heard it. After all, this man's strength is only at the level of Dou Di, and he is extremely weak, so if he lied, Xiao Yan would be able to recognize it at a glance.

"However, since not long ago, when we fishermen went out to fish, most of the time they didn't catch anything, and even some people did not return, and even if they caught a fish, that kind of fish was like crazy, and it was as big as before. Are not the same."

"And my uncle and the others just ate this kind of fish by mistake this happened."

"They used to be quite enthusiastic, but after swallowing this kind of fish, they didn't say a word for the whole day. Once it was night or noon, they would go crazy and bite when they saw anyone." The young man was recalling road.

"Is there such a fish?" Xiao Yan immediately realized the seriousness of the matter and said.

"No more..." The man shook his head, wondering why Xiao Yan asked that.

"Where can I buy this kind of fish?" Xiao Yan still didn't give up. If he could get one of this kind of fish, he might be able to discover a lot of secrets.

"It shouldn't be... but if you go to the mercenary union, there may be." The man thought for a while and hurriedly said.

"Is there a mercenary union?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"No... But every time the mercenary union goes out to hunt sea beasts, they will get a lot of these fish, and they will seek help for their own safety. If you want to get this kind of fish, you can go to the mercenary union to have a look. "The man said softly.

"You take this thing. If your uncle or a few of you have any problems, let me know as soon as possible, and I can help you." Xiao Yan gently handed a piece of soul power to the man, and suddenly disappeared like a ghost. .

"Douxian powerhouse..." Seeing Xiao Yan's terrifying movement speed, the man gently accepted it and said with envy on his face.