Chapter 193: The unruly dragon soul!

Although there seemed to be a random wave in the ball of light, when the dark red energy attacked Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan realized how powerful it was.

Then, with a heavy wave of the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire in his hand, a ruler glowing with soaring flames instantly met the red energy.

The two powerful energies collided head-to-head, and suddenly produced a shocking explosion, emitting a splendid light, offsetting the terrifying energy storm.

Xiao Yan also looked at the strange light group coldly, and said coldly: "Senior makes such a big fight as soon as he makes a move, but it hurts the prestige of the senior, and why do you hate humans so much?"

After Xiao Yan finished speaking, silver light flashed all over his body, and he moved several dozen meters away in an instant, avoiding another attack from the light ball.

In the air, Xiao Yan's body flashed with silver light, and there were three illusory silhouettes left, apparently left by the extreme three thousand thunderbolts.

There was a slight sound of surprise in the glowing red ball of light, only to hear a voice from the ball of light: "I didn't expect you to have such a high-level body technique."

Guangqiu also found that although the human boy in front of him was too weak, his movement was also fast, and every time his powerful attack was cleverly avoided by him.

"Well, no human beings have entered here for thousands of years, so I can chat with you to relieve your boredom, and let you understand that if you die, you will die." The ball of light also said.

"I have already said that this space is a mysterious secret realm in the Infernal Corps. Speaking of which, this secret realm is actually a small space created by you despicable and shameless humans."

"Back then, you humans led me here to plot against me on the pretext of helping me survive the calamity, so you humans are all untrustworthy people. After you deceived me here, you created this secret space and put I'm sleepy for a thousand years!" The ball of light also said, and there was some anger and pride in his voice, and the anger was calculated by human beings against him.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan's voice came from all directions, making people unable to tell his specific location: "Why do humans trap you here, is it because you have a tendency to kill, senior? And if you save the day, how can you believe it, senior? Will humans help you?"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Fart, that despicable and shameless human back then got a tattered immortal sword by chance, so he wanted to seal me into that sword and become a sword spirit."

"So they did everything possible to deceive me here under the pretext that they could help me survive the calamity, and wanted me to surrender. It's a pity that although I was destroyed by them, the dragon body was destroyed by them, but with the strength of my dragon soul, they were not able to get me. of."

"When the three of them were here, they fought with me with all their might, but one of them died and two were injured, and they fled with the broken sword, so you humans are really shameless things."

"Originally, I wanted to destroy the broken iron sword, but I don't know what the sword was made of. I couldn't destroy it. I was really mad at me."

"However, although I can't destroy that thing, it's still very easy for me to kill you today."

"Suffer to death, human!" After saying this, the red ball of light instantly revealed its original appearance.

Xiao Yan saw a fire dragon with a length of several tens of meters. It opened its mouth and split its mouth.

The dragon soul transformed into a fire dragon. Although Xiao Yan could not see the tiny dragon scales on the fire dragon, the dragon claws and tail were all revealed in midair.

The fire dragon's eyes burst red, his body swayed wildly, and he opened his mouth to spit out a flame, which madly rolled out a distance of more than ten meters.

Wherever the flames passed, the space exploded slightly, and Xiao Yan's body was also exposed under the red light.

I saw Xiao Yan facing the red light without dodging or evading, the milky white flames all over his body were brilliant, and the whole person seemed calm.

After all, although the strength of this dragon soul is extremely tyrannical, Xiao Yan is also not afraid of it. Xiao Yan has a body blessed by twenty-two different types of fire. If he is still afraid of the flames of this fire dragon, then the title of Emperor Yan will be in vain.

Layers of milky white flames quickly swept the red flames in the air.

Immediately, the two flames brought up two different air currents. As soon as the two came into contact, a fierce friction sound and a dense explosion sounded, flashing beautiful and dazzling strange colors in the air.

Xiao Yan's whole body was filled with vindictive energy, and he saw milky white flames pouring into the air incessantly!

Xiao Yan's eyes were wide open, and under the cover of flames, the huge soul force attacked the dragon soul head in mid-air!

"Huangquan is angry!"

The confrontation between the milky white flame and the fiery red flame has just ended, and suddenly the huge soul force moved towards the weakest brain of the fire dragon defense with a destructive momentum!

The fiery red light flowed around the dragon soul, and Xiao Yan's terrifying soul power attack instantly hit the dragon soul's brain.

Then Xiao Yan suddenly discovered that there was a faint energy flowing on the surface of the dragon soul!

"Dragon Gang!" The Golden Dragon King also recognized this thing at a glance.

That's true, the faint layer of energy in the dragon soul is the dragon gang!

The so-called dragon gang is the usual defense method of the dragon race, which forms a layer of energy on its surface to protect its own body! This defense is extremely powerful!

However, this method can only be mastered by a few powerful dragon clan. After all, just like the bloodthirsty dragon lizard that Xiao Yan encountered before, they did not master the dragon gang, so it can be seen that this dragon gang is rare!

"I didn't expect that the strength of this dragon soul is not bad, it's just right to be a ruler..."

"Hehehe..." The Golden Dragon King also continued to watch the battle between the two of them. After all, although the Dragon Soul's strength was good, he still had to examine his temperament.

The body-protecting dragon gang and Xiao Yan's huge soul attack, two forces of decidedly different nature, instantly burst into a violent and domineering force.

I saw a huge dragon body with a dragon soul that was several tens of meters long, suddenly trembling rapidly, and a wild and furious dragon roar sounded like it was about to tear apart the world, which was astonishing.

Long Soul's body shrank rapidly and became much smaller at once, looking at Xiao Yan with horror in his eyes.

Dragon Soul roared: "Human, what exactly is that power you just had? Why have I never heard of it? Why does this power specifically destroy my brain nerves and kill people?"

"You are so vicious!"

Xiao Yan sneered and said: "Senior and I just met, and we had a big fight. The junior naturally can only use his own way and control his own body!"

In midair, Xiao Yan was standing, and flames filled his body. The milky-white flames that had just scattered around because of the battle, slowly under Xiao Yan's careful control, formed a huge net and headed towards the dragon soul hood.

The dragon soul's whole body shone with light, and the body shrank to about ten feet again.

With fierce eyes, looking at the big net with milky white flame I feel that the net not only has a terrifying temperature, but also has a terrifying power that devours everything. Seeing this, Dragon Soul is thinking about something and then his body also declined rapidly.

Seeing the dragon soul descend, Xiao Yan's body also descended, and his speed was no slower than his.

At this time, Xiao Yan, ever since he was sucked into this mysterious space by the black beam of light outside the coffin, felt that this secret realm was not so simple, and this seemingly blank secret realm also revealed its original appearance after the descent of the dragon soul.

I don't know how long it has been descending, but Xiao Yan finally felt the bottom, and there seemed to be a trace of scorching hot breath.

Slowly, the further down, the hotter it became, but the dragon soul seemed more energetic.

Finally, Xiao Yan realized that there was a fiery red underneath. It turned out to be a rift in a volcano. The bottom was full of raging flames and surging lava. No wonder it was so hot.

Xiao Yan's soul power carefully probed the situation below, but unfortunately there was no fluctuation of life there, obviously no life could survive. At this time, Xiao Yan already understood Dragon Soul's intention, but unfortunately it was too late to stop it.

Looking at this dragon, its body must be a fire dragon, that's why it likes this flame so much.

Xiao Yan had already felt that the power of the dragon soul began to explode, and was slightly startled.

However, this Dragon Soul obviously did not expect that Xiao Yan, who is known as the Emperor of Yan, naturally would not be afraid of this temperature, and fighting in the crater would be beneficial to Xiao Yan without any harm!

Ask for tickets!

New Year's Eve dinner everyone!