Chapter Vol 4 1059: Ice blue beauty Mu Yingying

"Boom boom boom!" A loud noise came directly from the mid-air where the mysterious demon was standing, and the terrifying heat wave continued to sweep away.

"Damn... this Xiao Yan is actually so perverted."

"The strength of the seven-star Dou Di in the middle stage can actually be indistinguishable from the mysterious demon." Some figures who were watching the excitement couldn't help but say.

Want to know who the mysterious demon is?

Today, one of the dragon-loving legions, a strong enough to reach the nine-star Dou Di, is undoubtedly one heaven and one underground compared to Xiao Yan.

"Hey, it's not over yet."

"Just now, Xuanmo just took it lightly. If he uses all his strength, I am afraid that even if Xiao Yan has three heads and six arms, I am afraid that he will not be able to escape..." Some discerning people also said, after all, the difference between the two is too great.

"Qin Tian old dog, your Xuanling royal family is nothing more than that." Xiao Yi, who had been entangled with Qin Tian, ​​couldn't help laughing when she saw Xiao Yan temporarily gaining the upper hand.

"Humph!"

"Fire elf, you'd better take care of you first!"

"If I let this king catch you, I will devour you!" Qin Tian said with a cold snort.

"Then let's see if you have this ability!" Xiao Yi heard the words, and the splendid Emperor Flames emerged, and the Emperor Flame Sword in his hand became more and more dazzling with the increase of the splendid Emperor Flames on his body.

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the two finished speaking, a monstrous and astonishing attack broke out. Obviously, the two were almost evenly matched, and it would be difficult to tell the winner in a short period of time.

"Damn..."

"What the **** is this mysterious demon doing?"

"Is it so difficult to capture a guy in the middle stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor?" Seeing this, Ye Mo couldn't help but say.

"Deputy head, this Xiao Yan is not as simple as we thought."

"He is not only powerful in soul power, but also possesses holy flame, and he also mastered Fenxiang Pavilion's sky-moving ruler fighting skills. The fluctuation just now should be the power of moving the sky ruler." And Yaoxin's soul perception is strong, he said.

"You guys should take care of yourselves first!" Seeing this, Long Yi didn't give the eight people any chance to breathe, and once again the huge dragon's tail blasted away at the crowd.

After Long Yi turned into a silver dragon, he was surrounded by dazzling thunder, and every time he attacked, there would be thunder in the sky, which made Ye Mo and the others extremely uncomfortable. Going downhill, after all, Ye Mo and the others are not vegetarians. I am afraid that Long Yi will be defeated under the siege of the eight of them in the near future. At that time, I am afraid it will be a dead end in the true sense.

"Little bastard..." As Xiao Yan moved the sky ruler, he returned the mysterious demon's attack to him without a trace, and even added the power of his own holy flame, which immediately injured the mysterious demon.

"Nine Star Dou Di is really not that easy to kill." Seeing this, Xiao Yan's cloak of the mysterious demon had already disappeared, and then he shook his head slightly.

After the black cloak on Xuan Mo's body disappeared, dark skin was revealed, but on the arm, drops of dark red blood slowly flowed down.

This appearance was obviously injured by Xiao Yan's Xuantian hand, which contained the power of life and death and the power of holy flame.

"Tick tock." Drops of dark red blood flowed down, and then Xuan Mo was not too surprised, and even his pupils glowed with a chilling meaning.

"I didn't expect that I would be injured by a hairy boy."

"Accept death's embrace!" The next moment, Xuan Mo directly stopped talking nonsense with Xiao Yan, and the dark red blood dripping from his arm was licked by the corner of his mouth. The clouds all exuded an extremely **** fluctuation.

"It seems that this guy is going to be serious." Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly, obviously the previous small fights were insignificant in front of this blow.

"No way..." Seeing this, Mu Yingying, who had been quietly watching the battle, saw a trace of worry in her beautiful eyes, and even the azure-blue Saint Flame Crystal in her body moved slightly, she was more or less a little bit towards Xiao Yan Qing Su will definitely not stand idly by.

However, even Zhu Jin and the others on the side didn't notice that Mu Yingying's black and beautiful hair was slowly turning into azure blue. The strength also skyrocketed in an instant!

"Suffer to death!"

"Ripple of blood, ant-devouring!" And after a few minutes, the Gorefiend's eyes burst out with an evil aura that shook people's hearts, and then a dark red light appeared all over the body, and countless tiny ants swarmed out of its body at that time. , shot at Xiao Yan frantically.

These dark red ants are extremely small, only as thick as a finger, but the strange thing is that the dark red aura on their bodies seems to be irresistible as if they devoured everything!

"It's good to come!"

"One finger in the sky, call the sky!" And Xiao Yan didn't take a step back after feeling the dense dark red ants, because he knew that if he lost, Long Yi and Xiao Yi would also lose instantly.

As Xiao Yan's voice fell, there was a burst of madness in his pupils, and the finger pointed at the position of the mysterious demon, and with a slight tap, a dazzling white light beam suddenly shot towards him.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Whoosh whoosh!" The white beam came to the mysterious demon in an instant, collided with countless dark red ants, and the two couldn't stand still.

However, this stalemate did not last long, and the white light beams emitted by Xiao Yan instantly turned into powder under the swallowing of countless dark red ants.

"Now... how do you deal with it?" Seeing Xiao Yan's attack being defeated, Xuan Mo also laughed frantically, as if he could completely kill him in the next moment!

"Two fingers in the sky...break the sky!" And watching Xiao Yan who was falling at an extremely fast speed , the mysterious demon swept him frantically and seemed to kill him.

However, Xuan Mo obviously underestimated Xiao Yan. Xiao Yan concentrated all of his strength on one finger, and then pointed at the Xuan Mo who was close at hand!

"Pfft!" And with such a close distance, Xuan Mo was also caught off guard, how could he have thought that Xiao Yan would have such a hand!

Under the attack of Xiao Yantian's two fingers, Xuanmo's left hand fell off and turned into powder!

Xuan Mo forcibly endured the pain, and then the dark red ants around him suddenly condensed, biting away at Xiao Yan!

And Xiao Yan just used the **** of the sky, and he has completely used up the little power left in his body, and now he can only helplessly show a wry smile.

"Xiao Yan!"

"Big brother!"

"Senior Brother!" Under Xiao Yan's desperate situation, Xiao Yi, Long Yi, and everyone in the Fenxiang Pavilion in the distance were all heartbroken.

"Die... Susu!" And Xuanmo also laughed when he saw Xiao Yan's appearance!

However, the dark red ants around him hadn't devoured Xiao Yan, when the mysterious demon felt a bone-chilling cold emerge.

"Papapa!" Not knowing what kind of power, he slapped the mysterious demon abruptly, and then the original majestic appearance of the mysterious demon suddenly flew out hundreds of meters away, quite embarrassed.

When Xuanmo flew out backwards, his pupils shrank tightly because he only saw a woman with azure blue hair appearing in front of Xiao Yan, he couldn't help but lose his voice: "Mu Yingying?"