Chapter Vol 4 1330: Awards!

After the time passed, it was another five days. After Xiao Yan and Mu Ge had rested, news of the first-stage rewards was also announced inside the Thunder Valley. 【】

The news of this news has undoubtedly made many contestants jealous. After all, the top three strong players in the first stage can all enter the Treasure Pavilion inside the Thunder Valley.

It is said that the Treasure Pavilion in the Thunder Valley of Forging Swords is a place where countless treasures of heaven and earth gather on the entire Eastern Continent, attracting countless strong people to yearn for it.

"Dong dong dong."

"Xiao Yan, are you there?" A crisp knock on the door slowly sounded, and then several figures appeared outside the door.

"Duan Qifei?" Xiao Yan got off the bed, and walked towards the door in a bit of depressive mood, but just opened the door, he exclaimed.

"This time I will take you to the Treasure Pavilion. The Valley Master has been waiting for a long time." The door was gently pushed open, and the second madrigal, the third Zhou Mi and Du Qifei stood slowly. It's just that the pastoral look at himself is extremely cold at this time.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly, then followed up without hesitation.

"The next step is to enter the space, everyone, please be safe." Du Qifei and the others came to a rather remote place, and then on Duo Qifei's jade hand, a rather exquisite scroll slowly emerged. Among them, it is full of strong space power.

"A directional space scroll..." Zhou Mi was well-informed, so naturally he discovered this thing in Duo Qifei's hands.

There are also many categories of space scrolls. Among them, the directional space scroll is a kind of recording a certain position and then using the scroll to collude with the space channel.

"Crash!" The space scroll was gently taken out, and suddenly twisted in Duan Qifei's palm. After a while, it turned into a squirming space crack and appeared in front of everyone.

"Let's go." Du Qifei said to the three, and then looked at them slightly.

"Let's go." The three of them were not procrastinators either. They looked at each other and stepped into it suddenly.

"Gululu!" After a few breaths, the four of them left the space passage and came to a new place.

"This is..." Just when they came here, they only felt that the energy of the surrounding heaven and earth was more than several times denser than that in the thunder world just now, and even a trace of shocking thunder sounded continuously in the sky.

What caught the pupils was the azure stones under their feet that contained the power of violent thunder. The azure stones formed a huge circular square. In the center of the square, a huge building towering into the clouds slowly appeared.

"Welcome the three of you to our Thunder Valley of Forging Knives."

"This is the Treasure Pavilion inside the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives, and it is also the distribution point for this reward." The next moment, next to the huge building, Duo Tianhong's figure, like a silver giant, stood in front of several people.

"Forging Valley Master?" Seeing Wei Ran's figure in front of him, Mu Ge and Zhou Mi couldn't help being shocked and said.

Unexpectedly, the person who distributed the rewards for them was actually the forge master who saw the dragon but not the tail. This is the true overlord of the entire Eastern Continent!

"Dad, I'll go first." After successfully bringing Xiao Yan and the three of them, Du Qifei was also very sensible and didn't stop, made a face at the Valley Master, and then prepared to leave.

"Let's go together."

"This Treasure Pavilion is your own thing. Besides, you also need something that suits you, so just take advantage of this time to enter together." The Valley Master smiled slowly, and said dotingly.

"..." The three of Xiao Yan heard the words and couldn't help but have black lines all over their heads.

"Shabu!" With a wave of his hand, in Du Guanhong's hands, three exquisite appetizing rings appeared in an instant, and then flew towards Xiao Yan and the three of them.

"This is your respective reward." Just as Na Jie poured into the hands of the three, Du Tianhong immediately said.

"Thunder God Scroll?" Xiao Yan's heart trembled when he heard the words, and then the soul force slowly invaded into the ring, and found that at this time, in the space of about several hundred square meters, countless silver thunders gathered, and the center of the thunder, A rather small silver scroll slowly appeared, and above the scroll contained a tyrannical aura that destroyed the world.

"The Thor Scroll is different from others. It must be placed with something specially set up by our forging knife Thunder Valley."

"Don't destroy it at will, otherwise the Thor Scroll will also be damaged instantly."

"When you need to use the Thor Scroll, you only need to input your soul power or vindictive energy into the ring, and the full power of the Thor Scroll will explode in an instant." Du Tianhong explained to Xiao Yan.

"Sure enough, it's the Thor Scroll!" Xiao Yan was afraid that Duo Tianhong would use fakes to deceive himself, so he hurriedly checked it, and after confirming it was correct, a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

With this thing, I will undoubtedly have a life-saving talisman on my body. I will also have the power to protect myself when I encounter a four-star Dou Xian powerhouse in the future. Although this is similar to a one-off on a scroll, it is enough!

"Are there any questions?" Duan Tianhong asked after watching the three inspect the ring inside and out.

"Thank you, Lord Gu." The three of them responded with a smile.

"Since the rewards for the disciple stage have been distributed, there is one more thing..."

"Originally, the reward for the first stage did not enter the Treasure Pavilion, but since the three of you are all talented people from Eastern Continent, for the sake of the Four Continents competition, this time I will let you enter it."

"The Treasure Pavilion is full of martial arts and medicine pill scrolls What other treasures can you get from the Treasure Pavilion? It all depends on your fortune."

"Don't remember, in the Treasure Pavilion, the more precious the treasure, the more tyrannical the seal is. If you can't break the seal, you must not take it by force." Duan Tianhong said.

"Okay!" Xiao Yan nodded in succession.

Xiao Yan may not know the whole of this Treasure Pavilion, but Mu Ge and Zhou Mi have their eyes wide open at this time. Only they know the value of this Treasure Pavilion. Things, then cultivation naturally goes a thousand miles in a day!

"In this Treasure Pavilion...something seems to be calling me?" At this time, Du Qifei's beautiful purpose was to stare at this towering building and fell into contemplation, but between the eyebrows, There are traces of mysterious runes that are quite obscure, looming, and these lines are exactly the same as the reincarnation lines on Xiao Yi's forehead!

"Now that you're ready, let's enter."

"Remember, you only have one month."

"If you don't leave the Treasure Pavilion for a month, you will be forcibly sent out by it." Duan Tianhong's voice sounded like a bell.

"I don't know if I can get something useful for me in this Treasure Pavilion..." Xiao Yan was also looking forward to it, but he didn't notice any changes in Du Qifei.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This girl seems to resonate with something in the Treasure Pavilion?" The Soul Eater also muttered to himself at this time.