Chapter 187: Weird breath!

And since I came here, I came here to improve my ability to deal with ghosts. After all, I just had never dealt with ghosts, so I carefully watched Mu Feng deal with these hungry wolves, and learned how to react and respond to the enemy by the way. Skill.

Yueru is also the same as Xiao Yan. Although she has experience before, she has never encountered a ghost, so she moved her eyes slightly and looked at Mu Feng carefully.

At this moment, Mu Feng put away the strange blue light on his body, and then the Na ring on his finger flashed lightly, and a Bing Qing sword appeared in his hand.

The first round of Hungry Wolf's attack was cleverly avoided by Mu Feng's quick movement, and the second round of attack followed.

Then facing the attack of the hungry wolves, Mu Feng just held a long sword, and then his body moved, as if a sheep entered the tiger's mouth and slipped into the encirclement of the six wolves. Just when the six hungry wolves were surprised, Mu Feng moved. The long sword in Feng's hand with a slightly shining blue light instantly slashed out six swords, attacking six hungry wolves.

The swordsmanship that Mu Feng used was actually gathering the fighting qi in his body onto the sword, and then slashing it at will, but he did not use it together with the special technique for practicing swordsmanship, otherwise its power would be astonishing, but With the long sword in his hand and such an offensive, killing these six wolf monsters was also within his grasp.

The long sword in Mu Feng's hand trembled and danced, and the powerful fighting spirit gathered on the sword, instantly forming a sword beam outside him.

Then countless sword lights appeared, slashing and slashing at the hungry wolf. Although they were avoided by the hungry wolf, there were too many. In an instant, the six hungry wolves were hit, causing them to let out a piercing scream, which instantly turned into a ray of black gas and disappeared without a trace.

The six hungry wolves faced Mu Feng's pavement with hideous faces. Unexpectedly, the power of the sword beams from Mu Feng's hands should not be underestimated. In an instant, four hungry wolves turned into black smoke and disappeared. Of the two, one was seriously injured and was close to death, while the other hungry wolf stared at Mu Feng unscathed.

This hungry wolf seems to be the leader of the other five!

Seeing this, the black air mass on the side also slowly exuded some breath, heading towards the wolf statue in the space that looked like a living body but had no expression.

The sword qi swept across the cave, and the sand and stone suddenly flew away in the cave, and the gravel turned into ashes. Fortunately, Xiao Yan and Yueru's eyesight were also extraordinary, so they were not affected too much.

The figure of Mu Feng danced in the air, the long sword burst out with blue light, and the incomparably tyrannical sword light forced the remaining hungry wolf to have nowhere to hide.

Seeing this, Mu Feng also sneered and said, "I haven't surrendered yet, look at the sword."

When the words fell, I saw the blue light of the long sword in Mu Feng's hand soaring, and the layers of sword light formed a circular mask that enveloped the hungry wolf and quickly closed.

The hungry wolf's body flashed left and right, trying to rush out of the layers of sword shrouds, but as soon as it touched the blue sword light, the hungry wolf's body immediately shrank.

In the blink of an eye, the hungry wolf let out a pitiful scream, and his body was slowly swallowed by the blue sword light.

Seeing the hungry wolf being subdued by himself, Mu Feng did not relax his vigilance either. The long sword in his right hand swung, and a powerful sword energy contained the mysterious aura of the yin and yang gossip technique. In conjunction with Mu Feng's magic formula, he instantly swept across, moving towards The dark air mass went away.

I saw a black gas that instantly met Mu Feng's sword light. The power of the two different properties exploded in an instant, and there were bursts of harsh muffled sounds in the air.

Mu Feng's blue sword light broke through the outermost part of the black gas in one fell swoop, and shot at the black shadow air mass extremely fast. Just as it was about to hit, suddenly a black jet flew out of the black air mass. The beam of light instantly met Mu Feng's sword glow.

There was a sound of gold and iron intersecting in the air, and the black beam of light shook Mu Feng's sword light away, which made Mu Feng a little surprised.

"Oh?" Mu Feng also said in surprise.

Xiao Yan looked at the air carefully, the black gas swirling and dancing around the black air mass, and there was a trace of contemplation in his eyes.

Without the outermost enclosure, the black thing revealed its original appearance.

That thing is very similar to a wolf tooth, but it is very thick and long, about a few feet.

Xiao Yan also could not have imagined that these ghosts actually knew the way of weapons. It seems that it is really not simple. There seems to be a lot of things hidden in this cave.

Looking at the flying wolf teeth quietly, Xiao Yan's body instantly radiated dazzling brilliance, and a huge momentum instantly filled every part of the cave.

A layer of red light slowly appeared on Xiao Yan's body, which was gradually intensifying. Leaving Yueru's side, he took a slight step towards the wolf tooth in the air. Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent and he walked slowly.

"Xiao Yan, what are you doing?" Mu Feng was also fighting vigorously, but Xiao Yan was also puzzled when he came out like this.

In the cave, there was a tense atmosphere, and a confrontation between humans and ghosts was slowly being staged.

In the cave, it suddenly became quiet, and then Xiao Yan also came to the front of the wolf tooth, reached out and touched it, the red light reflected on the black wolf tooth, looking very strange.

Mu Feng felt that there was still a war going on. The war was imminent. In the cave, there was a sudden gloomy wind, countless gloomy howls and terrifying roars, as if the undead in **** were crying, which made people feel frightened. The weird scene at this moment, I don't know what it implies?

In the eerie and eerie cave, Xiao Yan's body emitted a red light, wrapping him firmly in it to prevent anything from happening.

Above his head, the red giant dragon has been entrenched on the top, spinning and flying non-stop. The light was also extremely conspicuous, flashing with a strange mystery, and was following Xiao Yan's body, slowly approaching the black air mass.

At this time, a sinister voice came out from the black air mass wolf teeth: "I didn't expect to be discovered by you, this is really surprising to me. But that's okay, for so many years, we have been trapped here by you humans. If you don’t go, since you are here today, don’t expect to leave alive.”

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Here is your hiding place. At that time, I will leave you with no bones left, and eat you slowly, haha." The gloomy laughter was particularly harsh.

Mu Feng, looking at the monster, sneered: "Evil, don't talk big, you can show it if you have the ability. Look at you, you haven't even completed the human form, and your cultivation is still far behind."

The voice said coldly: "Ignorant human beings, do you think that people who cultivate human form must be powerful? It's ridiculous!"

"Let me tell you, cultivation in human form is very strong, but there are a few alien spirits who do not pursue cultivation in human form."

"But they are just as powerful, and they don't show the slightest trace. That's where they are brilliant. Now you are ready to die, poor human!" As soon as the words stopped, the surrounding wind roared, and the layers of black gas slowly He walked towards the wolf-shaped statue in the space that was shaken by Mu Feng at the beginning.

The wolf also opened his eyes and stared at Xiao Yan, a terrifying aura emanated from the lifelike white wolf.