Chapter Vol 4 1824: Tianyuan Mountains, Royal City, Bedroom First

As the election day approached, people in the dozens of mountain ranges in the entire Skystar City were panicking. They knew that three days before the election day, the three electors would be called into the royal city for the most rigorous review. It is to protect the three electors, and it is also a contest between the three electors. After three days, the fairest and fairest election will be held in the royal city, and a new king will be elected at that time.

As time passed, it was the evening of the fourth day before the election.

"How is Xiao Yan?" In the princess's boudoir, Lin Yunshu sat slim in front of the dressing table, looking at the porcelain-like figure in the mirror, filled with worry, and whispered to a handsome man behind him.

"Still in retreat..." Ji Xuan respectfully stood behind him, and said helplessly, since the princess asked herself to give him the soul of Yimu and other treasures, she has been in retreat, and has never been out of it. sign.

At this moment, he is like a most loyal bodyguard, protecting the princess, his eyes are lowered slightly, there is no offense, only countless humility and respect.

In the boudoir, Lin Xia hid her face in the dim light, with her sleepy eyes guarding in the dark. Once there was any disturbance in the princess's boudoir, she would be discovered by her, even a mosquito could not escape her detection.

"Ah, these two hard-working children." Lin Xia, who was hiding in the dark, said to herself, looking at the severe expressions of the two in front of her.

Since the return of the princess, Lin Xia has always been the biggest hero in secretly supporting the princess, and Ji Xuan was also assigned to be in charge of the princess' daily life from that time. It was several times that Ji Xuan was born and died for the princess's power to settle down, and Lin Xia naturally wished them faithfully. Unfortunately, things backfired now, and there is hope only when the dust settles.

"This situation has exceeded my expectations. I'm afraid I can only rely on him this time." At this moment, the princess Liumei's eyes flashed and she said.

Lin Yunshu and Ji Xuan have already privately decided for life, but in this situation, the love of their sons and daughters has long been thrown aside. If the election fails, the result will be self-evident. Have time to deal with these things.

"Go back."

"Tomorrow departs for Wangcheng, Sir Xiao Yan should wake up tomorrow." For some reason, Lin Yunshu said softly, as if there were stars and seas in his brows, and he was able to detect some things that ordinary people couldn't detect.

"Well...this time, we will win." Ji Xuan smiled casually, also knowing the princess's deep meaning, and quietly stepped back.

"Child, in fact, you don't have to carry so much..." Lin Xia couldn't help but said when she saw the pair in front of her.

"We will win the last battle." As soon as the words fell, calm was restored here.

As for Xiao Yan's house, there is still a dazzling soul barrier permeating the air. This level of soul power is comparable to the defense of the human Seven Star Fighting Immortals, which is daunting.

The night passed quietly, and in a blink of an eye it was the next day.

The next day, the morning sun shone out, and the morning sun was as harmonious as a phoenix.

"Princess, he..." At this moment, in the sea of ​​​​flowers, dozens of high-level officials who were waiting in battle emerged one after another. The crowd shook their heads.

Although Xiao Yan's identity is expensive as the lord of the endless fire domain of Xuanling Continent, they subconsciously think that his strength and prestige are not enough to provoke a big beam, and they don't know why they are always thinking about by the princess.

"Let's go." Lin Yunshu, who was standing at the end of the sea of ​​flowers, frowned slightly at Xiao Yan's retreat, and opened his mouth lightly. His voice spread out like a burst of stars, filling the countless sea of ​​flowers with a majestic fragrance.

"Aren't you late?" Just as everyone shook their heads and turned around, as they were about to step into the starry sky passage leading to the king's city, a hurried wind blew and a thin black-shirted man appeared in the air.

"Let's go." Lin Yunshu was not surprised, as if he had expected it long ago, his figure trembled, and the man in black shirt, Ji Xuan and three, instantly sank into the starry sky passage and headed towards the king city.

The star passage, this is a unique method for princesses, which can ensure their safety. After all, in this extraordinary period, if you go through the ordinary space passage, I am afraid that it will lead to the assassination of the other two electors.

"Lord Lin Xia..." Looking at this scene, several high-level executives behind him spoke for a while. Obviously, the next step is the most important step.

"This Xiao Yan should not be underestimated." Lin Xia narrowed her eyes slightly and looked towards the void that Xiao Yan had just emerged from. At that glance, she seemed to smell a hint of danger from Xiao Yan.

"Gather all our soldiers and horses, and face the royal city to surround the past."

"I have to come forward and look at the other Seven Star Fighting Immortals. You all stay put and you will be happy if you succeed. If the election fails...you know what to do!" At this moment, Lin Xia changed her previous morbid state and said sternly.

"Never die!" A roar emerged.

"Let's go!" The voice just fell, and a huge war was about to start.

King City, sitting on top of the most fertile and largest mountain range in Tianxing City.

Tianyuan Mountains.

The Tianyuan Mountains are the most magnificent in the entire Tianxing Continent and one of the most majestic spiritual veins.

The entire mountain range was cut in half by a ravine with a depth of ten thousand feet. The birth of this crack was the battle between the emperor of the first generation of the Lin family's royal family and the evil gangster, and finally the evil gangster was wiped out, thus establishing the status of the Lin family's royal family.

There are many strange things spread under the abyss, but no one knows what is under the abyss, what is there, even if there are countless people who follow it, they will get nothing.

The Tianyuan Mountains are divided into two halves. At the top, there is a spar bridge completely paved with gold and stone, spanning the two cliffs, linking the left and right halves.

On the left, is the vassal royal family, loyal to the emperor, a collection of elite soldiers who are specially dispatched by the emperor, and also the issuer of the emperor's many orders, and on the right is the palace of the emperor Lin, the royal city.

The king city and the palace are independent. Generally, some extremely important matters in the Star Continent will be held in the king city to discuss with many forces. As for the palace, it is opposed to the king city and is only the habitat of the emperor.

At this time, there was a void around the Tianyuan Mountains, and countless obscure breaths filled the air, and even far away from the mountain range, the guards who had already been in formation were quietly crawling.

At the same time, the three electors also headed towards the palace of the emperor in the Tianyuan Mountains. .

The emperor once stipulated that all members of the royal family who step into the royal city can only bring one guard and one housekeeper, and their strength cannot exceed the six-star Dou Xian Consummation.

The battle between the three parties is getting more and more intense. In this election, who will win and who will lose, it is really trembling and confusing.