Chapter 419: Furnace tripod 3 flower pupils!

"Since no one has increased the price, then the Nine Yin Demon Insect will be sold at the price of 70 million in the private room No. 4." Seeing that no one was increasing the price, Xue Rose directly raised her jade hand, and Wei Wei placed the hammer on the crystal table. Knock down slowly.

The final word!

"This thing will be given to you when the auction ends, so don't worry." Xue Qiangwei seemed to notice some different emotions in the fourth private room, and immediately said.

"The auction of 70 million yuan seems a bit too expensive..." Xiao Yan murmured in private room No. 5.

"Hey, the value of these Nine Yin Demon Insects is far more than 70 million comparable."

"As long as you get enough venom, the nine-yin demon worm evolves into a nine-eyed demon worm, then it can also be directly absorbed by people as a furnace, thereby increasing its strength..."

"I remember that there was an eight-star Dou Di human powerhouse who cultivated poisonous fighting qi before, and he broke through the Dou Xian with the power of these nine-eyed demon insects." Behind Xiao Yan, on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, Long Yi's voice was also It slowly entered Xiao Yan's mind.

"His grandma's, this is a real loss." Xiao Yan scratched his head when he heard this!

Because of this huge venom, Xiao Yan has self-confidence, and it is not difficult to find it. As for absorbing it, Xiao Yan has enough confidence to isolate this venom by virtue of the huge power of soul fire.

So when I heard that Long Yi said this, I immediately felt heartache. This is something with infinite potential. I didn't expect that I would have missed it, and I secretly regretted it. After all, these 70 million gold coins are very important for Xiao Yan, a first-rank emperor. For a peak alchemist, it was like a drop in the bucket.

"Since the first item was also successfully auctioned, then we will proceed with the second item."

"The next auction is a bit peculiar... The specifics are peculiar, please see." Xue Qiangwei slowly put aside the Nine Yin Demon Worm in her hand, and took it down for other staff to pack it up by special means, and then The crystal platform in front of him flashed, and a huge cage appeared on the dazzling crystal platform in an instant.

"What it is……"

"That seems to be a person?"

"How did you do it?"

"Isn't the Xuanling Royal Family expressly stipulated that it is illegal to auction humans?" Some noisy voices came from many private rooms.

"What is this..." Xiao Yan also stared blankly at the prison on the crystal platform.

At this moment, on the dazzling crystal platform, a cage made of silver fighting qi appeared in an instant.

Dou Qi is not a big prison, but it is just enough to imprison a person.

In the cage, a human-like woman like a sleeping beauty was also slowly lying in the cage.

A silver dress slowly wrapped the skin of the whole body, and then the forehead was also covered by the long.

"Is that a girl?" The next moment, Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes also flickered slightly, and then there was some surprise in her pupils.

"They're actually imprisoning this human woman, human beings... it's really abominable." Mu Yingying also said viciously in her heart.

"Everyone, please listen to me."

"As you can see, although this girl looks human, she is not human."

"Because she is the bloodline of the Medusa family and humans."

"In our Xuanling royal family, I am afraid that many people are also aware of the grievances between our Xuanling royal family and the Medusa family, so the illegitimate children of these two families are also bullied."

"So now the owner of this snake woman is also planning to auction it off."

"But there is something unusual about this woman..." After Xue Qiangwei finished speaking, she directly stretched her jade hand into the prison, gently peeled off the woman's length, and raised the girl's face.

It seems that she is a little afraid of human beings. The moment the girl touched the blood rose's slender hand, her body trembled violently.

The next moment, the girl's cute face that looked like a porcelain doll was also exposed in front of everyone.

"What a nice view……"

"What a delicate girl..."

"This girl is young, if she buys it back and trains her well... maybe..." Some noisy and malicious voices also appeared in the private room.

It is possible to have such a face at a young age, and I am afraid that it will be very good to grow up in the future.

"That is……"

"Bi Snake Three Flower Pupils!" Xiao Yan stared at the girl's face tightly. What was surprising was the girl's pair of pupils!

Those pupils are quite strange, one is dark brown like a human being!

The other one has diamond-shaped pupils covered with three colors!

This situation is just like the girl named Qinglin who is above Xiao Yan's Dou Qi Great 6!

This green snake with three-flowered pupils is the nemesis of all snakes and beasts. Xiao Yan also clearly remembers how terrifying the green snake’s three-flowered pupils are!

That was the terrifying pupil that controlled the entire Nine Netherland Nether Pythons with his own power!

"As you can see, this girl's natural twin pupils, one is a normal human pupil, and the other one seems to be related to the legendary green snake three-flowered pupil."

"Everyone should know about the mysterious effect of the Three Flower Eyes of the Blue Snake."

"The nemesis of snake monsters." After Blood Rose finished speaking, she also slowly put down her jade hand, because she also felt the girl's fear of her.

"Because the preciousness of this thing can't be measured by gold coins, the starting price is set for medicinal pills, medicinal herbs and medicinal materials, or some strange things!"

"Although everyone increases the price Everything you put out will be evaluated by our Xuanling Royal Family Group, and the winner will be finally determined." Xue Qiangwei also smiled slowly, and then Xue Qiangwei also closed her mouth. Because she knows that the next time is when these people will increase the price crazy, I believe that the value of this green snake and three flower pupils will definitely be sold for a high price.

"But is this really the Jade Snake Three Flower Eyes... Why do I feel a little different." Xue Qiangwei also remembered that when she just looked at the girl, she seemed to feel a little something wrong in her body, but it was exactly the same. Can't tell.

"Bi Snake Three Flower Eyes?"

"This mysterious royal family's brain was caught by the door?"

"The Xuanling royal family and the Medusa family are mortal enemies. If this is really the Jade Snake Three Flower Eyes, I am afraid that the Xuanling Royal Family will cultivate it at all costs. In the future, when the Jade Snake Three Flower Eyes mature, the Medusa family will too. It's a matter of grasping..." Mu Feng also scolded directly after hearing the words of Xue Qiangwei.

"Bi Snake Three Flower Eyes..."

"It's a little bit like..."

"I have seen the green snake three-colored pupil with my own eyes, and I have also fought side by side with the person who has this pupil... It's just that the image this girl gave me is not the green snake three-colored pupil, there is always something strange." Xiao Yan also thought hard, but no matter how Xiao Yan thought, he couldn't find the abnormality.

Bi Snake's three-flowered pupils, this girl seems to have the same pupils as the blue scales above Dou Qi Da 6, but Xiao Yan can't tell what is wrong.

"It's right if you can't see it, because this is not the three-flowered pupil of the snake, but the three-flowered pupil of the furnace." Elder Zhu on the side also said slowly.

Ask for a ticket! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: