Chapter Vol 4 1724: The corpse general corpse vs the black evil star cage!

On the other side.

The red zone in the center of the West Temple, the place of reincarnation.

Since Duo Qifei let Xiao Yan leave here, the black dragon and wolf also passed by silently. Immediately, Duo Qifei was going to follow Xiao Yan to the depths of the temple, trying to explore Xiao Yan's purpose, but she However, he found that these two cliffs were full of extremely tyrannical restrictions, and this type of imprisonment was obviously aimed at himself. He had just stepped out of the Thunder Mountain and was temporarily imprisoned by the restrictions.

"Lord of Soul Li!" A roar, like an angry lion, roared, the thunder of reincarnation was deafening, at this moment, a bad thought appeared in Du Qifei's heart.

If it wasn't for the fact that his mother was related to the Master of Soul Li by blood, it would be impossible for Du Qifei to help the Master of Soul Li secretly, but now, a trace of unpleasant fluctuations pervades.

It is this restraint that has hindered Du Qifei for a long time. As for the other elites such as the palace master of the West Temple and the head of Li Soul Guard, they have already been ambushed around the temple. A few people will be reduced to prisoners.

This plan can be said to be extremely meticulous in planning by the Master of Li Soul. For Xiao Yan, it is a situation of ten deaths and no life.

Inside the temple, in battle.

"Guru." With a loud voice, he swallowed hard.

"What a terrifying method." Looking at the four people who fell into the realm of darkness, You Er couldn't help but said.

Just now, the black-patterned Saint Cloth squirmed and expanded behind Xiao Yan, directly destroying other temples in the desert hinterland. At this time, the entire desert hinterland was completely shrouded.

And here, it is clearly Xiao Yan's home field, and it is also in Xiao Yan's domain, the dark world formed after the black-patterned holy clothes swelled!

"A rare dark attribute..." In the realm of darkness, a roaring figure walked in the air, with countless ghosts behind him still surrounding him.

It seems that no matter how the dark world devours and destroys these ghosts, the master of the soul will condense, and with such a huge number of ghosts, the invisible power of vision is suffocating.

The evil Xiao Yan hovered in the void of the dark world, his eyes became deep and he stared at the Lord of Li Soul, who was surrounded by countless ghosts. In that dense black ghost, what kind of body was the Lord of Li Soul? conspicuous.

"I clearly remember that during the previous World War, none of the ten people in the Ten Halls of Yama and Luo reached the level of reincarnation. After 10,000 years, the strength of the Hall of Five Kings has reached half of reincarnation, which is really surprising. "On the body of Lord Li Soul, there are countless silver powers and black energy surrounding him, and it seems that some kind of extremely special power is brewing. His words are obviously to delay time.

"My clan's patriarch is a prophet, isn't it something you can covet?"

"Furthermore, in ten thousand years, the master of your soul still doesn't know where you are." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, the black-patterned holy clothes behind him, against the background of the realm of darkness, like a real demon, inside his body. An aura like a sleeping dragon was condensing rapidly. He naturally knew that the Lord of Li Soul was deliberately delaying time, but he was not in a hurry, because he was the same. starter

For a semi-reincarnation powerhouse, it will take a lot of time to use the thunder technique. After all, a powerhouse of this level has already surpassed the heavens and the earth.

"It turns out... After the first World War, Yama of the Ten Temples was ordered by the patriarch of the Xiao clan to seal himself. During the ten thousand years of the seal, his strength continued to increase, so that the first five kings' palaces touched the reincarnation."

"I'm afraid it was also the unpredictable actions of the patriarch who made Yama of the Tenth Palace escape." Xiao Yan's body consciousness nodded slightly in the sea of ​​fighting qi. According to Xiao Sensheng's words from the Five Kings Palace, Xiao Yan also understood something.

"If that's the case, then enjoy the feast I specially prepared for you..."

"Enjoy the embrace of death!" After a while, Lord Li Soul didn't hesitate, the pink flames jumped instantly on the illusory palm, and immediately the palms were folded, and some wonderful and mysterious handprints quickly appeared.

"Boom!" With the Lord Li's actions, traces of black air diffused out, covering the countless ghosts around him.

The black air is like a corrosive tide, just covering the ghosts, the power of those ghosts is skyrocketing like a soaring, the eyes are scarlet, and the violent aura shows out.

Being so increased by the Lord of Li Soul, the power of countless ghosts has greatly increased, and the numbers are stacked together. In addition to the beating of pink flames, a gate to the void slowly emerges!

"Ouch!" A strange wave of tremors of the soul stepped out from the gate of the void, and immediately a flesh-colored object like a sphere, with countless strange tentacles appeared around the sphere, and a pair of scarlet pupils, showing endless slaughter , emerges slowly.

"No... but, the corpse will be the corpse!" Seeing this scene, You Er's expression shrank tightly, and he lost his voice.

The corpse is said to be a summoning object with the power of the ghost world. Its power is definitely not inferior to the ghost, nor to the ghost world. It is more like a supreme creature from the underworld. The power of the Eight-Star Dou Xian reached the peak of perfection! New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

It is said that it is the existence of the supreme king in the underworld, but who knew that such a terrifying existence would be summoned by the master of the soul like a pet.

"A pet under the Throne of Pluto... It seems that you have a lot of ambitions." Seeing the master of Li Soul's methods, the evil Xiao Yan said indifferently.

He knew that this creature had an extraordinary status in the underworld. Except for a few underworld masters who could be mobilized, no one could order to expel it. Unexpectedly, it was actually controlled by the master of the soul. It seems that the master of the soul should There is a lot of research and understanding in the underworld Hahaha! "

"It's just a bunch of ignorant ghosts."

"Humans only know that the Great Thousand World is divided into seven realms, but they don't know that the underworld, which is not among the seven realms, is a huge area comparable to the human world."

"Once I truly set foot in the underworld, or control the underworld, the vast world, even the evil races outside the territory, will be solved."

"Although my exploration of the underworld is still in the first stage, it will not be a waste to kill you with this guy."

"The corpse general, kill him for me!" At the end of the sentence, the eyes of Lord Li Soul were filled with madness.

"A corpse general... old man."

"Black Fiend Star Cage!" Seeing that the behemoth in front of him moved its pace like a mountain, and every time he walked, there was an aura like the mountains and the ground, but Xiao Yan couldn't help but laugh.

The world only knows that the Xiao family is the first race in the Great Thousand World, but who can explain the relationship between the Xiao family and the underworld?

"Weng hum!" Xiao Yan's voice fell, and countless dark spots of light fell off directly from the black-patterned holy clothes behind him, and immediately turned into pieces of fluff, which permeated the entire darkness. With Yan's actions like this, after the corpse general who had the supreme destructive power, there was a strange horror in his pupils!

This breath, this power...

It seems like the real giant in the underworld, who casts the realm of darkness in front of him... who is it?