Chapter 281: Strange body refiner, Du Chun!

"Are you all here?" King Xuanling also looked at the people around him with a smile, and then said casually.

"You can start anytime." Solomon's strong man said.

At this time, Xiao Yan and the other fifteen were also in the forefront. Behind them, hundreds of players who were also participating in the point grabbing competition also stood quietly behind them. Without exception, they all raised their heads slightly and looked at A mighty figure in the sky!

"Then let's start." King Xuanling also said slowly.

The selection of sects also began at this moment!

A rather handsome man appeared in front of the crowd on the ground and said, "Those who can stand here now have the qualifications to join the sect within the Xuantian three days."

"First of all, I would like to congratulate you on your outstanding performance in the point grabbing competition. Next, you can choose a sect to join it."

"Currently, the nine super sects in our Xuantian three days are Burning Incense Pavilion, Wanhua Pavilion, Ancient Desolate Palace, Purgatory Hall, Solomon, Puppet Palace, Pill Valley, Heartless Palace, Wanjianmen."

"As for other sects, you can also join it. For example, in addition to these nine super sects, there are some sects whose strength should not be underestimated."

"Nightmare Valley and Astrology Valley, Poison Sect, Sword God Sect, Ming Sect, etc..."

"Next..."

"Let's start." After the man finished speaking, he also slowly retreated.

As the man retreated, a lazy-faced man stood up slowly in the crowd, and his eyes were full of excitement!

This man is impressively the 100th place in this point grabbing competition!

Among the people who are currently participating in the selection of sects on the top of the mountain, in addition to the 100 strong points plundering competition, there are hundreds of people who have been allowed to join the sect because of their outstanding performance, so it has also created a large number of people. .

"Dare to ask senior, can I join the Xuanling royal family?" The man also slowly stepped forward, and then said respectfully to King Xuanling.

"What is the strength of the four-star Dou Di in the middle stage..."

"Of course, the royal family of Xuanling welcomes you." King Xuanling also smiled slowly at the man on the ground, and then a ray of light disappeared towards the man, and the man appeared behind King Xuanling in the next moment. .

At this time, the man was also full of excitement. He actually joined the Xuanling royal family, and his future money and status were also guaranteed. He immediately followed King Xuanling respectfully.

When the man followed behind King Xuanling, he felt how unfathomable this powerful Dou Di peak was.

"I didn't expect that the first one was to join the Xuanling royal family, which is a good luck." Solomon's strong man also agreed.

"Continue." King Xuanling also said softly, although this 100th is only the strength of the middle stage of the four-star Dou Di, but after all, he can stand out from these tens of thousands of newcomers. I prove that he has a certain strength. , For such fresh blood, the major sects are also quite gratified.

After all, if any sect wants to last for a long time, the injection of fresh blood is the kingly way.

"I choose Wanhua Pavilion." A woman also said softly, and then the strong man of Wanhua Pavilion also took her behind him, and returned to his sect together after the selection of the sect.

"Hey..." Seeing this, Chang Yu shook his head as well. The Xuanling royal family possessed enormous wealth, and resources were naturally a no-brainer.

For Dan Gu, it has a huge network of relationships, and it is composed of a group of alchemists. The resources are too powerful...

As for the other sects, they also have their own advantages, only they focus on self-cultivation...

This is also the reason why their Fenxiang Pavilion has the smallest number of disciples every year. After all, who has nothing to eat to cultivate their minds?

Whoever joined the sect did not go for its powerful martial arts fighting skills or huge resources.

"I hope that the Xuanling King and Solomon's people don't go too far..." Chang Yu also shook his head and looked at the field.

"I joined Pill Valley..." The person who spoke was a man wearing a pharmacist's clothes. Pill Valley was undoubtedly the best destination for a pharmacist.

"I joined the Purgatory Hall!"

"My parents were killed by ghosts. I have nothing to worry about in my life. I only want to kill demons and ghosts, and avenge my revenge!" said a man with a fierce look in his eyes.

"A good one to kill demons and destroy ghosts!" The powerhouses of the Purgatory Hall also burst into laughter. Their status in the Purgatory Hall is quite special, and they never participate in the battle between the sects, but their duty is undoubtedly to walk on the tip of the knife. If you are not careful, you will be buried in a different place.

However, the actions of Purgatory Hall have also won praise from countless people in Xuan Santian. This kind of sect that is responsible for the world's righteousness is quite rare.

"I joined the Palace of Heartbreak..."

"When I come back from my studies, I will definitely kill those who are heartless!" It was a woman who spoke, and there was only despair in her eyes, and she was obviously hurt by love, so she had no choice but to join the Valley of Heartless Love.

"Love, hate, love and hatred, child, why bother." The strong men of the Heartless Palace also spoke to comfort them. Once they entered the Palace of Heartless Love, from then on, the world became strangers and cut off lovesickness.

"I'm not reconciled!" The woman also cried in pain.

Seeing this, the strong man in the Palace of Heartfelt also waved his hand, and a white ray of light wrapped it away. With the wrapping of the ray of light, the woman's pain also weakened a lot.

"Child, it's right to join us, go away." The strong man in the Heartless Palace also said lovingly.

"I know that my talent is mediocre, and I can't surpass others when I cultivate Dou Qi in this life."

"So I joined the puppet mansion!" said a man with a doll on his back, who was also staring at the puppet mansion. There is a strong breath in his eyes, which is endless.

"Ruzi can be taught, come here." The strong man in the puppet mansion also greeted.

"All I want to learn is supreme swordsmanship..."

"So I want to join Wanjianmen!" A man with a heavy ruler also said slowly.

The strong man of Wanjianmen also waved it later and brought it under his command.

"I was adopted by others since I was a child. When I grew up, my stepfather tried to **** me, so I killed him and ran away. I don't know if I could join Solomon." Can not help but feel distressed.

"Come on, we Solomon are all-encompassing."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"No matter what status you were in the past you are a family here." Solomon's strong man also said.

After speaking, the woman was also relieved, and bowed deeply to the strong Solomon.

"I haven't been able to cultivate vindictiveness since I was a child, but I don't want to give up..."

"I want to prove that even if I can't cultivate vindictiveness, I can still stand out!"

"I'll join the Ancient Desolate Palace!" A burly man also said with enthusiasm.

"Hehe, that's natural. Even if you can't cultivate Dou Qi, you can still stand out. Joining us is the best choice."

"Xiao Yan!"

"I will definitely surpass you!" As the burly man left, a coercive voice echoed on the ground.

And for some unknown reason, Xiao Yan found that the burly man's voice contained some inexplicable power, as if it was not just talking.

"This Du Chun seems to have some secrets..." The Golden Dragon King also discovered something, and then said slowly.

"What's the name of the burly boy who joined the Ancient Desolate Palace just now?" Xiao Yan also asked the people beside him.

"It seems to be called Du Chun..." Yueru also said softly.

"Du Chun..." Xiao Yan also murmured, for some reason, Xiao Yan always felt that this was a person who was bound to become a master!

Ask for tickets!