Chapter 95: Xuan 3 days!

When Xiao Yan came out of the retreat, it was noon. He walked through the unmanned path and walked towards the lobby. During the retreat, Yueru came over and told him that when the retreat was over, he went straight to the lobby.

It seems that there is something important to say to Xiao Yan.

"Daddy, in another month, it seems that it will be the enrollment time of the powerful sectarian forces on our Xuanling Continent this year, right?" Yue Yu was also sitting in the lobby, with her legs crossed very leisurely, her eyes narrowed and confused. Suddenly, a slightly eager inquiring voice from his daughter suddenly came from his ears. The special name made him raise his brows slightly.

The Xuanling Royal Family, the famous Dou Qi Academy on the Xuanling Continent, one of the four continents in the Southeast and Northwest of the Dou Di Continent, is so powerful that it is far beyond the imagination of ordinary people.

It is said that in the Xuanling royal family, if you want to become a mentor, your strength needs to be at least around the strength of the five-star Dou Di.

Everyone on the Xuanling Continent knows that the controller of this continent is the Xuanling Royal Family, and this Xuanling Royal Family is also controlled by the controller of the Xuanling Continent's royal family, so it is also the Xuanling Imperial Family!

Moreover, this Xuanling royal family is also a giant-like existence on this Xuanling Continent, even if it is said that it is an exaggeration to hold the sky with one hand.

Every first month, the top forces on the Xuanling Continent will send messengers to various cities to recruit some young fresh blood. If a force wants to be prosperous, it is particularly important to absorb fresh blood.

In Doudi Continent, the royal family is somewhat different from the sect. Joining the royal family, although the resources and training of the royal family will be better, it will be subject to some restrictions from the royal family. After all, the royal family regards face, status and status as more important, and their future actions , also represents the royal family behind it, while the sect is different from the royal family with so many restrictions.

But having said that, Keren is not a creature without feelings after all. In such a simple ivory tower in a sect, it is easy for students to develop an affection for the sect in some studies and tasks, and hold important positions after graduation. , this kind of vague emotion will make many people willing to give some help to the sect within the scope of their ability.

One person may help, but if there are thousands of people, the deterrent effect caused by this kind of network is quite terrifying... And this is the purpose of all sects.

Entering a sect is the best shortcut to get exercises and fighting skills. Among the sects of this level on the Xuanling Continent, if you perform well or are favored by some instructors, you may be able to obtain some high-level skills. Law and fighting skills, and with these two things, then the road to becoming a strong man is much closer.

Cultivation techniques, fighting skills, medicinal pills, and the three most attractive things on the Dou Di Continent are also two of the sects. Therefore, in the hearts of countless people in the mainland, as long as you step into the sect of the Xuanling Continent Among them, it can basically be said that the future is worry-free. Every student who successfully graduates from these powerful sects will be scrambled by various forces as talents. The future can be said to be bright.

Therefore, every year, there are countless young people on the Xuanling Continent, fighting for their scalps, trying their best to get into the powerful sects on the continent.

"Yes, in a month, an envoy will come to our Qingcheng to be responsible for recruiting." Yue Yu also said softly.

After Yue Yu finished speaking, she frowned and caught a breath slowly moving towards the lobby.

"Senior is really a keen perception." Xiao Yan was also surprised by Yue Yu's keen insight, the five-star Dou Di powerhouse really lived up to its reputation!

"Hahaha, little friend Xiao Yan is joking, you are also a monster with a physique." Yue Yu also laughed heartily, and then carefully looked at Xiao Yan.

Judging from the previous injury of this kid, ten days and a half months can't be cured. Even with the mysterious effect of healing the spiritual root, it is impossible to recover so quickly. That's why Yueyu is surprised. .

"Xiao Yan, your injury has recovered so quickly. You really deserve to be a first-order imperial pharmacist." Yue Ru was in a good mood when she saw Xiao Yan's recovery.

"Come here and sit down, I just have something to tell you." Yue Ru got up and pulled out a chair and said to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan also smiled to express his gratitude, and then sat down without being pretentious.

How could this scene escape the eyes of the old fox Yue Yu?

"Hey, this girl, she really didn't stay in a female university." Yue Yu also sighed in her heart.

"Let's get down to business." Yue Yu was also helpless for her daughter to act like this, but now this family has the final say, so she can be happy.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan and Yue Ru's eyes also focused on Yue Yu.

"After a month, an envoy will come to our Qingcheng, select some talented people to go to Xuantian San, and then after Xuantian is selected, they will join any one of the Xuanling Continent by virtue of their own ranking and voluntarily. Power." Yue Yu spoke slowly.

"Mysterious three days?" Xiao Yan also wondered.

"The so-called Xuan Santian is the place where the top forces on the Xuanling Continent where we are located gather."

"There will be a fierce competition somewhere!" Yue Rubei's lips slightly parted.

"Little friend Xiao Yan, is there any intention to go?" Yue Yu also said, " Although her daughter has something to inherit, but after all, she has to go to a distant place to join that sect in order to obtain the inheritance. His mother was worried, Yueru’s mother died early, and he, a father, was also worried. If Xiao Yan also went, the two would also take care of each other, and he would feel much more relieved, so he couldn’t help but say.

"It's natural to go out and see." Xiao Yan also said, this Yue family is obviously a good friend. After all, Xiao Yan's arrival in Dou Di Continent was still a bit difficult, and a little power to help is also very good.

"Hahaha! Good!"

"Then Xiao Yan's little friend is resting at my Yue's house. When I finish writing a book, you and Yue'er can also save a lot of trouble." Yue Yu also laughed loudly. Obviously Xiao Yan agreed. Being a father is also much more at ease. After all, Xiao Yan is quite satisfied with his strength and temperament.

"Then Xiao Yan has thanked the seniors!" Xiao Yan also said with a fist, although this Yueyu also has plans for his daughter, but it is not a bad heart, and with this letter, I believe it will solve a lot of troubles.

"Don't be so polite to me, kid."

"That's such a happy decision!" Yue Yu also said.

"Xiao Yan, what's wrong with you?" Yueru was very happy when she heard that Xiao Yan went with her, and then her beautiful eyes turned to see Xiao Yan who frowned and asked.

"I don't know what happened to Qing Yuan?" Xiao Yan also asked.

"Qing Yuan, I have never encountered this kind of symptoms. Even if I invited many powerhouses in the city, they would still be puzzled..."

"Yue'er, take little friend Xiao Yan to see it."

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: