Chapter Vol 4 2115: The brilliance of the devil is endless!

"Kill... Killing Soul?"

At this moment, Yao Wan's body trembled uncontrollably, and his voice was melancholy.

"Soul of Slaughter, this is the most powerful power given to the Holy See by the kingdom of angels."

"With her, the Child of Light is already invincible."

"Lucifer, the soul of slaughter, she is the law enforcer of the kingdom of angels, her strength has already surpassed heaven and earth, and is above all things."

"In the power of the angel kingdom that is mainly based on healing, her power is incompatible with the angels, and even has a mutation and became the law enforcement officer of the angel kingdom. Even so, she belongs to the top of the angel kingdom. rank."

"She...is a god!"

Yao Wan Wan shook his head weakly, and information that was difficult for ordinary people to understand emerged from the corner of his mouth.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

At the same time, a golden flame lingered around Xun'er's body, showing the incomparable magnificence. The nine golden golden crows with pleasant charm burst out with an unprecedented terrifying aura!

"Hahaha!"

When Austin saw this, he was shocked, and a milky white energy burst out, breaking away the crowd around him in one fell swoop, and immediately lifted into the air.

No, to be more precise, it was crawling on top of the head of the Son of Light, at the feet of Lucifer, the soul of slaughter!

The Son of Light Liu Hao is very talented. As early as the moment he awakened the Divine Mark of the Son of Light in the past, he was spotted by Lucifer, the slaughtering angel of the Angel Kingdom, and personally shattered the void.

On the day of the awakening of the Son of Light, Lucifer once said that as long as he completely controls the power of the Son of Light and steps into reincarnation, she will personally lead him to the kingdom of angels. Once he enters the kingdom of angels, Liu Hao can serve as Lucifer. disciple!

For this reason, Lucifer personally gave himself a trace of origin, forming the soul of slaughter to protect Liu Hao!

All the glory is only waiting for Liu Hao to step into reincarnation and control the divine runes.

It is a pity that Liu Hao was Yu Yuli by the villain, trying to control the supreme power of the Soul of Slaughter, suppressing it with the holy flame of the ancient clan, the perfect combination of the Son of Light and the Soul of Slaughter, and he was destined to embark on an evil path from then on.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

The corners of Xiao Yan's mouth rose, his chest was unprecedentedly hot, and a prismatic demon cube emerged from his hand, which was terrifying and unmistakable!

"Crack Kacha!"

The rays of light shone on this shattered piece of land, and suddenly countless voids burst, and a certain place in the medicine world was bathed under the filament of light, which was extremely warm.

Liu Hao seems to have entered a special state now. His skin has become crystal clear, white and red, like a fairy, and his breath has undergone unimaginable changes.

At the top of his head, the soul shadow of the slaughtering soul Lucifer is only above the body, but the graceful figure, accompanied by the dazzling blue holy light, is like a real god's mansion!

She was surrounded by cyan holy lights, and she couldn't see any real face, but the more she did, the more curious it could arouse!

Under such terrifying power, how amazing is his face?

Looking up, the fighting spirit in the hearts of countless powerhouses is even more surging. It seems that it is because of the influence of the soul of slaughter?

But even so, they didn't dare to give birth to any disobedience!

Lucifer, the soul of slaughter, is one of the representatives of the peak combat power in the kingdom of angels.

"Zi la la!"

"Whoa!"

Xiao Yan reluctantly moved his footsteps, moved slowly, his eyes became extremely deep, the devil's cube emerged in his hand, and the monstrous devil's breath burst out!

The power of the devil, the stronger the enemy, the stronger the fighting spirit!

The Devil's Breath is an indelible terrifying figure!

"mortal"

"My light will resist the darkness."

"My divine power will imprison your body and sting your soul!"

"Today, I will do another act of light to kill the darkness."

Killing Soul Lucifer is in action.

The high-pitched Sanskrit sounds, like the stars of light shining with the power of purification, burst out endless cyan stars from the cyan soul shadow, slowly falling from the soul shadow, and fell towards Xiao Yan. .

It seems to have some kind of special magic power, and under this Sanskrit sound, everything is silent.

"Crack!"

With a sound, Xiao Yan's eyes became strange, the power in the devil's cube was completely shattered, and the devil's cube became dim and returned to Xiao Yan's body.

It's just that the countless monstrous evil forces in the Devil's Rubik's Cube, at this moment without any suppression of power, flowed over Xiao Yan's body.

"Do not."

"As long as life goes on, as long as time goes by."

"I will never decay!"

Facing the divine power of the Slaughtering Soul, Xiao Yan seemed to have changed his appearance, a real demon who emerged spontaneously.

"Angel power, Tiandu Xingguang!!!"

"Devil Power, Dark Elegy!!!"

"Boom!"

Two incomparably violent tremors suddenly burst out from the shadow of the Slaughtering Soul and the body of the demon Xiao Yan.

It seems that in this kind of battle between angels and demons, even the eight-star Dou Xian perfection powerhouse seems extremely small and powerless!

The dimensional prism that enveloped the medicine world hummed, and a trace of cracks emerged, which was comparable to the abnormal withering here.

In the sky of the medicine world, countless people looked up blankly, watching the interweaving of the cyan radiance and the dark green demon power on the sky, turning this place into a real purgatory!

The soul of slaughter Lucifer waved his palm lightly, countless energy rays slanted down from the sky, the surging power washed away the evil darkness in this world, so that the power of Xiao Yan was rapidly purified .

The power of the devil turned into an elegy, it was stubbornly resisting the invasion of the angel's divine brilliance, but only the devil Xiao Yan knew about it.

not enough!

Now that the power of the devil is in the infant stage, he cannot compete with Lucifer, the soul of slaughter!

In the body of the demon Xiao Yan, the endless demon power is like a dark green galaxy, constantly flowing in Xiao Yan's body.

But from beginning to end, it cannot be wiped out by the radiance of light, it cannot be purified, and it cannot disappear!

"I am the devil, the creator of the world!"

"Listen to the dirge of darkness!"

Finally Under the constant search of the demon Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan finally completely ignited the demon blood in his body, and a strong force filled his body, resisting the prestige of the Slaughtering Soul.

That is the blood of the devil, the power of the devil that has already penetrated into his soul!

It is the heart of the devil, strong and powerful beating!

It is dark green, and even more bloody!

It was an unprecedented feeling, like being provoked by the slaughtering soul, and now it is completely awakened, and the demon power is abundant to the limit.

It is reincarnation, and it is also the strong aura that will tear this world apart!

This is the real devil!

Endless, endless killing!

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . 4 novel network mobile version reading website: