Chapter Vol 4 1720: The power of clan lines, call the spirit!

"Xiao Yan!" Seeing Xiao Yan's scene like this, a strange ghost energy spread from You Er's body like a viscous liquid. Immediately, the space compass, which was as sharp as a death scythe and could obliterate Xiao Yan at will, was instantly pinched by him. It was shattered and turned into a piece of dust, and You'er's power suddenly soared to the initial stage of the Eight Star Dou Xian, and even his body underwent earth-shaking changes, as if he had temporarily mastered the supreme power between heaven and earth.

"It seems that the dean of the Soul Academy has given you everything she is. He is really a lucky little guy."

"It's time for me to go too. There are still many strong people here. After this time, the ghost world should change, and the attack of the evil tribes from outside the territory will also get closer." Because of the faint light, he easily disappeared here, obviously leaving behind, but he knew Xiao Yan's details, but the two were not enemies of life and death, so naturally there was no need for a rivalry, and the surrounding area had already been counted. An extremely tyrannical aura wraps around, if he doesn't leave, I'm afraid...

As for the fact that he stayed here before, it was just to prove the success of the Master of Souls.

The next moment, there were only Xiao Yan, the Master of Li Soul and You Er.

"Weng Om Om!" Although the silver space compass was solved by You Er, the Lord of Li Soul took the Acacia Heartbroken inflammation directly into Xiao Yan's body and stood in the spiritual palace of Xiao Yan's body.

Take home!

As long as Xiao Yan's Soul Sea Spirit Palace is completely seized, his memory is erased, or he has control over his body, thanks to the many stubborn auras in Xiao Yan's body, the Master of Li Soul can completely invade this body. , For a while, Xiao Yan will cease to exist, and the Lord of Li Soul will be reborn and take over everything Xiao Yan!

"This kid has actually gathered the Spirit Palace..."

"It even filled the third floor of the spiritual palace. The power of the soul in the late stage of Taixu is really not to be underestimated, but it's a pity that it met me." Looking at the crystal silver and antimony-like spiritual palace in Xiao Yan's soul realm, it roared like a vast ocean. It seems that he is declaring sovereignty and trying to drive away the master of the soul, but the master of the soul is the soul power beyond the realm of the emptiness, so these fluctuations are insignificant to him.

"But..." He glanced at the profound spiritual palace in front of him, and immediately there was a hint of hesitation in Lord Li's eyes, looking at the pink flames in his palm.

His plan was to rely on the mystery of Xiao Yan's internal exercises to devour Acacia Brokenheart immediately, so as to directly seize Xiao Yan, inherit his most perfect body, and completely break through the cycle of reincarnation. Unfortunately, this plan was broken by the King of Ten Thousand Ghosts. For a time, the Lord of Li Soul also hesitated.

In the end, whether to take Xiao Yan first, or to integrate Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation with Xiao Yan first.

"Lovesickness, broken enteritis." After a while, above the spiritual palace, the soul power surging like an ocean in the three-story spiritual palace slowly turned into a blurred figure, and immediately floated in front of the Lord of Souls.

"A soul clone constructed from soul power..."

"It's a pity." Watching the soul avatar slowly taking shape, the Master of Soul Li smiled.

Now Xiao Yan's power has been completely imprisoned by him. From the outside, Xiao Yan has entered a state of suspended animation, and he can only take Xiao Yan by himself, or Xiao Yan can devour himself.

However, when he thought that his dignified half-reincarnation powerhouse would be swallowed by a six-star fighting fairy, the corner of Li Soul Lord's mouth couldn't help becoming crazy.

All of this was already doomed when Xiao Yan entered here.

In all this, the winner will only be himself.

"Don't you want me to swallow Acacia and Broken Enteritis, so as to take away everything from me and occupy everything I have?"

"It's all here, so what are you waiting for?" Xiao Yan walked around gently, his voice unsteady.

"You're smart, but stupid enough."

"I won't give you any chance, so give me a complete fall!"

"Xiao Yan, I will naturally take over everything for you, fall in peace." Seeing Xiao Yan's fragile soul clone like a baby, the weak soul body of the Master of Souls couldn't help trembling and laughed wildly. .

Through the research of the Soul Academy, he has gradually mastered the power of Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation. At this time, he was seriously injured. Naturally, he made preparations to devour and seize Xiao Yan, but he was afraid of the mysterious exercises in Xiao Yan's body. The Lord of Li Soul still did not plan to give Xiao Yan the Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation. After all, Xiao Yan already had no less than three holy flames in his body. If he added the Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation, it would probably have a big impact on the Lord of Li Soul. .

"Lord of Li Soul, really deserves his reputation." Seeing such a cunning and cunning Lord of Li Soul, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. Immediately, the illusory handprint turned rapidly, and suddenly, it turned into an ancient pattern, a cloud of silver Light burst out around Xiao Yan's body.

"I don't have time to deal with you anymore."

"It's over." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, the Lord of Li Soul was somewhat amused, but the palm was slowly raised, and an indescribable terrifying force completely filled the entire spiritual palace like a sky.

That is the fluctuation of reincarnation, even if it is only half reincarnation, and only eight stars touch reincarnation, it is the power that Xiao Yan cannot resist.

"It's life or death, come on!" Seeing the Lord of Li Soul looking down at him like an emperor, Xiao Yan's deafening roar resounded like the sound of thunder.

"Wait... what is this?" After a while, the power of reincarnation on the palm of Lord Li's soul hadn't fully erupted, but he saw Xiao Yan's soul clone turned into a strange silver light.

The silver light was like a mirror in space, and scenes that shocked the Lord of Li Soul appeared in the comparison.

"Xiao Yan, UU read www.uukanshu.com, remember that you are a descendant of our Xiao clan, and you have the power of protection of our Xiao clan. Protective power."

"The Xiao family has been silent for so many years, and it's time to come back." While speaking, it was an equally tyrannical human being.

"Xiao Zifan!" Looking at the human being in the picture, the Master of Li Soul yelled, and even the illusory soul roared in rage like a beast.

If it wasn't for Xiao Zifan at the beginning, I am afraid that now the Master of Li Soul has mastered the power of Xiao Clan's guardianship, where is the power of holy flame needed to break through the cycle of reincarnation.

"You...you...have the power of protection of the Xiao clan?"

"impossible!"

"The Xiao clan has already been wiped out, it's impossible!" After Shun breathed, Lord Li Soul looked extremely nervous, and immediately spoke slowly, his voice was filled with a deep fear!

The power of the Xiao family's protection, that touches reincarnation, is far from being comparable to one and a half reincarnations.

"Yes or not, you should be very clear in your heart." An understated voice spread out.

"With my blood, call the spirit!" In the next moment, a roar like a howling from the sky suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's dry throat.

"Bang bang bang!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, the figure of the master of the soul was directly repelled by a supreme force. Today's Xiao Yan has a noble golden light pattern on his forehead, as if floating on the top of the sky The sanctioner of the general, slowly blooming belongs to its brilliance.

The golden rays of light spread out, violent sound waves, and the force of the shock swept away, and the entire retreat place was like an overwhelmed palace, swaying, and it would completely collapse and shatter at any time!

At this moment, the real holy light descended, and people couldn't help but feel that it was the wrath of the gods, the mighty gods, like the wrath of the sky.