Chapter Vol 4 1726: The grudge between the Light Demon and Li Soul!

"Cough cough..."

"Demon of Light?" Seeing the shadowy figure bathed in the divine halo just a short distance away, Lord Li Soul raised his head with difficulty and said.

At this moment, countless yellow sands rolled up in the desert hinterland of the sky, and at the end of a scene like a huge wave of sand and dust, a lonely and arrogant figure stood out.

I don't know why, the demon of light has an extremely tyrannical hatred for himself, how could he suddenly show up today?

What's more, this guy will actually save himself?

Is the sun coming out west?

One question after another plagued Lord Li Soul, but what the Lord Li Soul did not expect was that Xiao Sensheng, who lived in Xiao Yan's body, could actually use Xiao Yan's power to burst out such a tyrannical force, resisting his strongest blow. , and even nearly inflicted fatal damage on himself.

"Demon of Light?" With the sudden appearance of the Demon of Light, the battle between the evil Xiao Yan and the Master of Li Soul was temporarily separated, and Heisha Longlang and You Er couldn't help but take a deep breath.

The Demon of Light has already led the army to attack Li Soul Territory for more than half a year. Although it has never surpassed the seven-star Dou Xian powerhouse, it seems to be planning something, but that kind of battle has made the entire Li Soul Territory panic, and the devil Wei's leader, the Demon of Light, never showed up.

Now that the Devil of Light has appeared, and he is still saving the Lord of Li Soul from danger, the two of them can't help but be vigilant. The Lord of Li Soul is a domain master. If he joins forces with the Devil of Light, I'm afraid...

"The devil of light..." Xiao Yan who was in the deep pit had just climbed out of the bottomless pit in the desert. He looked at the shadow beside the Lord of Souls indifferently, and lost his voice.

The power of the Lord of Li Soul is beyond his imagination. Although he finally broke his thunder power, he could seriously injure him in a blink of an eye, but the demon of light jumped out halfway, which made the evil Xiao Yan's heart sink.

Today's self is extremely weak, and I am afraid that I can no longer use the power of half reincarnation. It will be extremely difficult to deal with a demon of light. After all, I just faced the full blow of the Lord of Souls, but it still consumes too much power.

"Do not misunderstand."

"I have nothing to do with this bastard." Looking at Xiao Yan's three people's astonished eyes, Qianying Woman's Demon of Light nodded lightly, and said casually.

"Then what are you?" Lord Li Soul was also at a loss at this time.

"I have an undeniable feud with the Lord of Li Soul, and only I can kill him." The next moment, the demon of light's beautiful eyes threw at the Lord of Li Soul, and a sound of anger like a thunder in the sky filled the air. come out.

In an instant, the sand and dust did not stop. Accompanied by the voice of the demon of light, it roared violently, like an angry vicious dog, and the huge sand and dust waves were suffocating.

"Demon of Light, I have no grudges with you in the past and no enmity with you in the past. Why did you call the entire demon army to attack me in Li Soul Domain?" Listening to the words of the Light Demon, the Lord of Li Soul asked directly without losing his aura.

"Hahaha!"

"Master Li Soul, you are really a noble person who forgets things too much."

"You still remember him!" At that time, on the white palm of the Demon of Light, a beautiful scroll was thrown directly at the Lord of Li Soul.

"This...this is?"

"How is it possible?" The Lord of Li Soul didn't understand at first, but at this moment, he looked at the domineering man on the scroll, but his eyes became shocked.

Demon of Light!

Wife of the Demon Emperor!

"So it is, so it is!" After a while, Lord Li Soul roared frantically as if he knew the truth, his expression fluctuated, and he didn't even dare to look directly at the demon of light.

"On that day, I saw with my own eyes that you completely obliterated him. Today, I will use your life to pay homage to him!" After a while, the demon of light spoke slightly, and the voice contained a trace of cold killing intent, sweeping out.

"That's..." Evil Intent Xiao Yan and Heisha Longlang looked at the domineering man on the scroll, but their brows were furrowed.

"Demon Emperor?"

"Master?" The two said almost in unison.

On the scroll, is a rather handsome man, with a contemptuous expression and angular facial features, standing with his hands behind his back, and under his dark green sleeves, there is a terrifying aura that transcends the heavens and the earth.

"No way..." After a while, the Heishan Longlang was suddenly surprised as if he remembered something.

As the only ruler of the demon world, the demon emperor once obtained a wife when he was jointly sealed by the powerhouses of the three realms, and after the demon emperor was sealed, the wife also disappeared, but the black dragon wolf still remembers it to this day. , The Demon Emperor had specially instructed himself that he must find her, otherwise, after she knew the truth of the matter, she might do some unreasonable things.

"I can't believe that the demon of light is actually the wife of the demon emperor, so the demon emperor is also colluding with the evil race from outside the territory without authorization. It's right to die... well deserved!" Seeing the demon of light with such a violent aura, the master of the soul smiled slowly. .

However, the most puzzling thing for the Lord of Li Soul is that among the evil races outside the realm, almost the evil ones cannot have the aura of light at all. Now the power of the Devil of Light is as sacred as light, if the Lord of Li Soul guesses If there is nothing wrong, I am afraid that this belongs to the power of the Holy See in the human world.

"Hahaha!"

"Lord of the Li Soul, you will be stubborn even when you are about to die."

"Just use your death to pay homage to his spiritual body."

"Light!" The demon of light, which was originally calm, was so agitated by the Lord of Soul Li, and layers of light burst out like ripples all over the body. In a short period of time, it completely wrapped the entire desert hinterland. Breath, inviolable, like the gods above!

"Damn it!" With the Demon of Light's actions like this, the ghostly aura around Lord Li's soul plummeted, and even the power of Xiao Yan's weak and evil intention was rapidly weakened, and the light-based fighting qi For their suppression, unprecedented tyranny.

"The demon of light... is the master's wife?"

"Madam, the master has not fallen, you must not do stupid things." And looking at the demon of light in a state of anger, the Heisha Dragon Wolf can only temporarily defend itself. If it goes up against such a tyrannical fluctuation, I am afraid The Black Devil Dragon Wolf can only be seriously injured in an instant.

At the beginning, the demon emperor was jointly sealed by the powerhouses of the three realms, and their demon world called the demon emperor's fall to the outside world, in order not to let the people with intentions take advantage of the fire, but how did they know that this voice reached the ears of the demon of light, and I don't know why the demon of light would read it. To that scene after scene, it changed his nature greatly.

Originally, she was only a high-level person in the Holy See of the Human World. After the private life with the Demon Emperor, the two separated and prepared to go back to settle the grievances and grievances of their respective forces, thus agreeing on a private life-long date.

But at that time, the two did not know their true identities. Unfortunately, the two had just separated, and the demon emperor was sealed. Therefore, the senior officials of the Holy See, through some special means, saw that the demon emperor was jointly sealed by the three world overlords. In a fit of rage, eager for revenge, he fell into the abyss and became a real demon of light.

Now, summoning the Demon Guards to attack Li Soul Domain is only to completely obliterate the Lord of Li Soul, and to avenge the husband who has fallen under the Lord of Li Soul!

But the demon of light was kept in the dark from the beginning, so he made mistakes again and again, because he did not know that the demon emperor was known to be immortal, so he was wiped out by the overlords of the three realms and did not completely fall, but unfortunately she did not know that's all.

At this moment, the rays of light descended, and countless sacred breaths emerged, as if the gods were punishing the criminals, the strength of the demon of light was infinitely magnified, and vaguely, directly touched the reincarnation!