Chapter Vol 4 1909: The last enemy, the evil-eyed demon king!

The latest website: "Boom!" The fire lion with a volume of thousands of feet and the huge scale wings just touched, and an extremely violent force tilted down from the sky. So that some monsters close to the center of the battle were instantly submerged and turned into powder.

Whether it's the raging fire lion or the scale wing, the energy contained in the two is probably enough to truly frighten the powerhouses in the early stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

"Crash!" When the contact between the fire lion and the huge scale wing was about to end, a body bathed in amber flames resisted the terrifying energy ripples, squirming and shuttling rapidly, surging like a ghost. .

"What kind of power is this? It's not good..." And the Scaled Demon Commander saw that Xiao Yan was able to match his own level of attack, a shock flashed in his eyes, but he was not surprised yet. It didn't disappear, but he noticed an astonishing and strange force, resisting the violent explosion and fluctuation of the two forces, and actually swept towards him.

"Kacha!" Xiao Yan's speed is extremely fast, and his soul power is deadly to ordinary monsters. Therefore, the 100,000 monster army below can only see that the sky above is like an undefeated scale monster war **** , At this time, the scale wings behind him melted rapidly as if the power was exhausted, and even a trace of conspicuous cracks emerged from the scale wings, and finally exploded suddenly with the sound of a burst of spar shattering.

That feeling is like a weak woman with no strength to hold a chicken, and the terrifying scale wings behind her are actually torn apart easily, and a heart-piercing roar affects countless monsters. heart spin.

"not good!"

"That's soul power!"

"The Scaled Demon, go back!" In the distance, the Meiyan Yaoshuai who was fighting with the Tianhu Yaoshuai suddenly noticed something and exclaimed, a look of disbelief flashed in the beautiful eyes, and the slender jade hand was able to raise it. , roaring towards the sky, but unfortunately this guy's soul power has no binding force on Xiao Yan at all.

The power that Xiao Yan exerted just now was definitely soul power, and that soul power actually made him feel uneasy for a while. This level of power has great lethality against scale monsters, monsters, and handsome. Except for the monsters who use the eye surgery, they will cultivate their soul power. For ordinary monsters, almost no one would waste time cultivating their soul power.

The aftermath of the battle slowly dissipated, and the eyes of many monsters below also showed a sense of horror.

"The dignified demon handsome is just so vulnerable." In an instant, an extremely arrogant voice, accompanied by a sluggish icy body, projected towards the evil eyed demon handsome.

"Bang bang bang!" With a sound, Xiao Yan threw the handsome figure of the scale monster and the monster at will.

"Wang...Lord Scale Monster and Yaoshuai, the demon pill has been taken away, and he has no power, already..."

"Already...fallen." After Shunxi, several high-ranking members of the evil-eyed demon group beside the evil-eyed demon king caught the body of the scaled demon handsome, and after a careful exploration, they spoke tremblingly.

"Okay!"

"Okay!"

"Okay!"

"Okay, Xiao Yan, you have lost several of my generals one after another!"

"Today, the king will smash your corpse into tens of thousands of pieces, drink your blood, drink your blood dry, and use your corpse and ribs to make an evil object that is spurned by others!"

"To sacrifice to the spirits of all of you in the sky!" At this moment, the clear eyes of the evil-eyed demon king flashed with extreme anger!

He would never have imagined that a mere guy in the early stage of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal could easily kill two complete demon generals of the Seven-Star Fighting Immortal, and even the dignified Scaled Demon Commander in the early stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortal would fall into his hands. !

"King, let this guy come, you still need your strength..." Looking at the evil-eyed demon king in such a furious state, the top guards behind him couldn't help but hurriedly said.

If you are dealing with a guy in the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals, you need the evil eyed demon king to easily take action. I am afraid that once this matter spreads, their reputation as the evil eyed demon king will be...

"Do you still want us to kill more generals?"

"This guy has the fire of holy flame, and he has the soul of the underworld, and he is also a strong person who cultivates the power of the soul... You are not his opponent!"

"He will be wiped out by me personally!" After the evil eye demon king finished speaking, he left his position, and then slowly collapsed. When Du appeared, he was already above the sky of the battlefield, with a condescending aura. A **** is about to slay a heinous devil.

At the same time, countless monsters below stared blankly at this figure. When the evil-eyed demon king smashed the void, it seemed that all the space in this battlefield was quiet, and an extremely tyrannical fluctuation caused countless The monsters are all afraid and dare not have any heart palpitations!

This is the terrifying power possessed by the evil-eyed demon king in the middle stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, one of the top ten forces in the demon world!

"Huhu... Are you finally willing to do it?"

"I thought you were a guy who was greedy for life and feared death, and would only let his subordinates die." Xiao Yan looked at the extremely docile evil-eyed demon king in front of him, the blood in his body was shaking uncontrollably, and there was a rare touch in his voice. Even if he didn't make a move and didn't feel it deliberately, Xiao Yan could smell an extremely terrifying oppression from this guy's body!

That oppression not only stemmed from strength, but also from the soul. It seemed that the evil-eyed demon king in front of him was a mountain that Xiao Yan could not overcome no matter what. General gap to cross!

"The boy with sharp teeth and sharp mouth... But this king hereby announces that your life will come to an end at this moment!" A gentle voice emerged from the mouth of the evil-eyed demon king, but there was a dullness in the voice. The power seems to be able to instantly solidify the void, even the blood in the monster's body!

At this time, the evil-eyed demon king is dressed in silver-white robes, and in the clear eyes, there is always a strong breath that can not help but worship, and is extremely angry. The emotion, that kind of anger, is not comparable to that of a seven-star fighting immortal in the early stage, and can resist it!

For a time, the entire battlefield, whether it was the thousand monsters behind Xiao Yan, who was controlled by Charm, and the 100,000 monsters below, all tightened their bodies at this moment, and looked at this figure with admiration and respect.

"Come on...Let me see if the evil-eyed demon handsome at the mid-level of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals is as terrifying as the rumors say." Above the sky, the deadly silence did not last long, when Xiao Yan was killed by Xiao Yan. The sound of death is broken.

"Lord Xiao Yan!" At this moment, the demon handsome Tianhu was completely restrained and captured by the demon handsome. In the entire battle field, only the dark underworld warrior who stopped the demon handsome Shi Xie and the man standing in the sky and the incompetent were left. The evil-eyed demon king of the world.

At this moment, Fang Wei is really fighting one hundred thousand!

Who will end up in this battle...