Chapter Vol 4 1267: Thunder City, Thunder World, Thunder Valley of Forged Knives!

"Is this little brother looking straight?" On the way down the mountain with the three of them, the old man in yellow robe naturally noticed Yuwei's peeking at Xiao Yan. In addition, with his own strength, even if Facing Xiao Yan, he also had a strange feeling, so he couldn't help but ask.

Mo Yu and Yu Zong can be regarded as good friends. Otherwise, based on the strength of these three people, it is not worth him to take him to register the information.

"Mr. Mo, his name is Xiao Yan, he is a pharmacist just recruited by our Yu Sect, and this time he also came with us to participate in the East Continent Ratio." Yu Ran Ran skillfully resolved Mo Yu's problem.

"Xiao Yan...is it a pharmacist?" Mo Yu frowned when she heard the words. Obviously, this kind of occupation can be regarded as a god-like existence in the ghost world, because there are too few!

Xiao Yan also felt the same way. After all, in Yecheng and Ghost King City, there are probably not ten pharmacists combined, and even some are only entry-level pharmacists, and they are all treated seriously.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hehe." Xiao Yan also sensed Mo Yu's enthusiasm and hurriedly smiled at him.

"By the way, what's the situation in Dongzhou..." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then asked, obviously he didn't know anything about Dongzhou.

"It will take a while to go down the mountain, let me tell you." Yu Ran Ran just wanted to speak, but Mo Yu smiled.

As an alchemist, Xiao Yan deserves to be treated with respect no matter what level he is, so Mo Yu said impatiently, otherwise, Mo Yu would not care if it were someone else.

"It's time to work." Xiao Yan smiled, and then listened intently as he walked.

"The place where we are now is an extremely huge continent under Li Hun Territory, Yin Hun Tian."

"Yinhuntian is bounded by the center of the four continents, and several vehicles are divided into four equal parts, which are divided into four continents, which are divided into four continents, southeast, northwest, and four continents. Ranked third."

"And here we are, the easternmost part of Yinhuntian, which outsiders call Dongzhou." Mo Yu said with a smile.

"Dongzhou?" Xiao Yan murmured slightly when he heard the words. Obviously Xiao Yan knew the news long ago, but he was not very clear about some of the forces in Dongzhou and others.

"Above East Continent, the strengths of all sizes are intricate, but there is only one power that dominates the entire East Continent." Mo Yu Zaidu said.

"Oh?" Xiao Yan heard the words and immediately turned to look at Mo Yu, a little curious.

The territory of this East Continent is undoubtedly several times larger than that of the Xuanling Continent, and the purity of the spiritual energy of the world and the number of strong people are much more tyrannical than Xuantiantian. Such a vast land is actually completely ruled by one force. This is surprising.

"Forging knife Thunder Valley." Mo Yu looked at Xiao Yan curiously and said.

"Thunder Valley of Forged Knife?" Xiao Yan muttered again, still not knowing what this so-called Thunder Valley of Forged Knife was, but his intuition told Xiao Yan that it was probably related to weapons.

"On the entire Eastern Continent, countless forces fought openly and secretly, but they were all suppressed by the Thunder Valley of the Forged Sword. From this, it is enough to explain the strength and heritage of the Thunder Valley of the Forged Sword." Mo Yu said.

"What is the strength of this sword-forging Thunder Valley?" Xiao Yan was shocked but couldn't help but ask.

"The strength of the Forged Blade Thunder Valley, whether it is a single valley owner or its overall strength, is well-deserved in the entire Eastern Continent." Mo Yu said slowly, just saying that the Forged Blade Thunder Valley owner's At that time, a burst of respect clearly appeared in his pupils.

"As for other forces, although there are quite a few tyrannical ones, they are nothing compared to the Thunder Valley of Forging Swords."

"And the forging knife Thunder Valley, the reason why it can stand as the first hegemon in Dongzhou is that their valley owner is not only a strong and powerful man, but also controls the skill of casting a skill that is ingenious. A well-deserved caster!"

"As a result, countless magical weapons have been cast, which has attracted a large number of strong people who are willing to serve in the Valley of the Thunder Sword." Mo Yu said.

"It seems that this sword-forging Thunder Valley is indeed a bit tyrannical." Xiao Yan also nodded slowly, because although he was not a craftsman, he also knew that forging magical weapons was not an easy task.

"And this time, the organizer of the East Continent Ratio is based on the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives."

"It is said that the test place is the Thunder Realm in the Thunder Valley."

"The so-called realm is a special space opened up by four-star fighting immortals. Although it is not as good as the space formation, it is more stable and can be used for habitation and competition."

"After you have completed the registration, your place of residence will also be in the Thunder Realm." Mo Yu continued to laugh without being displeased by Xiao Yan's ignorance.

"If that's the case, then let's go." Xiao Yan nodded slowly after listening, this information alone is enough.

"There are extremely tyrannical restrictions in the mountains, and you can only walk on foot, but there is still a long way to go from here to Leicheng." Mo Yu took the three to the bottom of the mountain and said slightly.

"This..." Yu Ran Ran's two daughters also looked at each other and hesitated.

"Come up." The next moment, Mo Yu crushed a scroll in his hand, and then an eagle glided out of the sky.

"Whoosh whoosh!" Because of the extremely fast speed, it brought with it an extremely tyrannical impact force, which made Xiao Yan and the three of them couldn't help but look a little ugly.

"Let's go." The eagle is obviously a flying soul beast, with a huge size and quite obedient. Seeing the four figures return directly to its back, Mo Yu patted its forehead and spoke slightly.

"Cuckoo!" The eagle made a strange sound, and then the speed skyrocketed, and directly led the four towards Leicheng, but left the mountain range, although the heaven and earth here are rich in spiritual ~, but how can it be? The fog was so thick that Xiao Yan didn't find anything else.

Thunder City.

This is the largest city on the entire Eastern Continent. The entire city is nearly twenty miles in diameter.

In Thunder City, the Alchemist Association, the Mercenary Union, the Makers Association, the Herbal Medicine Pavilion, the auction house, etc. are all available!

And every time the East Continent ratio begins, Leicheng will also become the most lively place on the entire East Continent.

Leicheng is a huge city inhabited outside the Thunder Valley of Forged Knives. Very few people know about the specific location of the hegemonic force of Thunder Valley of Forged Knives, or even the entire Eastern Continent, but it is said that it is hidden in Leicheng. There is a hidden place surrounded by clouds and mist, and as for the real thunder world, there is no doubt that it also exists in the Thunder Valley of Forging Knives.

Many geniuses gathered in Leicheng from countless places in the East Continent, and through registration in Leicheng, the people in the Thunder-Forging Knife Valley could organize and separate teams and bring them into Leijie to decide the real winner.

"This... is Leicheng..."

"It's really a huge handwriting." The four of Xiao Yan, led by the flying soul beast, directly floated in the air and went towards Lei Cheng, but the basic outline of Lei Cheng was reflected in Xiao Yan's line of sight. Yan suddenly couldn't help but speak.

What caught Xiao Yan's eyes was a huge city surrounded by countless thunderbolts. The city stretched for dozens of miles. Its area was the size of ten Xuanling royal families, which made Xiao Yan feel dizzy. Dizzy feeling.

. m.