Chapter Vol 4 1546: Donate to Dan! (Thanks to 【Xiaoshan】…

"This fluctuation is..." Xiao Yan and the two closed their eyes to practice, but they were instantly awakened by this strong fluctuation. Immediately, Xiao Yan stared at the light group in front of him, a trace of extremely destructive ice. Dou Qi, suddenly diffused from the light group!

"Big brother... what's going on!" Xiao Gui was shocked when he heard the words, opened his eyes instantly, and hurriedly asked.

"Retreat, don't go over!" Xiao Yan saw this. Directly stopped Xiao Gui, and then the two of them stepped back at the same time.

"Huh..." In a hurry, a jade bottle of quite good quality slowly emerged from Xiao Gui's body.

"Dou... Dou Immortal Pill?" Looking at the exquisite jade bottle in front of him, with Xiao Gui's cognition and memory, he naturally recognized the pill at a glance, and couldn't help but lose his voice.

"Put it away, this is the reward given to us by Di Lao, and it is best to use the three-star Dou Xian successfully." Xiao Yan said with a solemn expression.

"En." Xiao Gui put away the Douxian Pill, and immediately focused on the light group in front of him.

"Big brother, is she... alright?" After a while, Xiao Gui, who had found nothing, could only ask.

"It's hard to say...but this extremely tyrannical ice fighting qi really came from her, it's just..." Xiao Yan urged the dazzling soul power to protect the two from the erosion of the extremely cold qi, so he hesitated.

"Just what?" Xiao Gui's pupils shrank tightly and asked.

"It's just that this fighting spirit is not contained in the success of breaking through the three-star fighting immortal... On the contrary, it is like breaking through the early stage of the four-star fighting immortal and trying to enter the middle stage of the four-star fighting immortal." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his eyes became sharp, obviously In this space, there are only three people, and now Xiao Yan and Xiao Gui are all here, so the source of this power is obviously only Luo Menglan.

"impossible!"

"She is only a complete three-star fighting immortal, how could she try to break through the middle stage of a four-star fighting immortal?"

"Isn't this a clear statement of death!" Xiao Gui exclaimed in shock.

"Xuanbing lotus seeds are invaluable, and one of them has the power to make a three-star Dou Xian perfect level powerhouse break through the shackles. If you take five of them together, trying to break through the middle stage of a four-star Dou Xian is not a bad idea." Xiao Yan said. .

"But...why did she take such a risk?" Xiao Gui asked in a heart-pounding manner.

"Hey, this girl, I'm afraid she also has some hardships." Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly.

It's not that Xiao Yan envies Xuanbing lotus seeds. After all, this thing is only useful for practitioners with the ice attribute. Therefore, even if it is swallowed by Xiao Yan, fire wood attributes will not be of much use. will cause backlash.

"Bang bang bang?" In an instant, when Xiao Gui looked puzzled and painful, the icy light group dozens of meters away in front of the two suddenly burst open, and Luo Menglan's body was like a drizzle, powerless. Fall to the ground.

"Five Xuan Bing lotus seeds are swallowed together, this guy..." Xiao Yan saw a trace of blood on the corner of Luo Menglan's mouth, and even the breath in his body became completely disordered, and immediately shook his head and said, the five Xuan Bing lotus seeds were swallowed together. , If successful, the girl's strength will skyrocket directly from 3-star Dou Xian Consummation to the middle stage of 4-Star Dou Xian, but now that she fails, her strength will probably stay at 3-Star Dou Xian Consummation for a long time, unless she takes a good pill, it will be difficult to survive Diligent.

"Are you all right?" Just as Luo Menglan collapsed weakly, Xiao Gui hurried forward and caught her.

"Big man..." Luo Menglan struggled to open her eyes, then quietly stared at Xiao Gui, feeling powerless in her body, so she could only do this.

"Why do you do this..." Xiao Gui gently hugged Luo Menglan, his body was shaking, she was a lively and cheerful girl just now, and she looked like this in just a few days.

"After discussing with the Master of Soul Li, a headmaster in the underground courtyard decided to give me to the talented disciple in the underground courtyard, but that guy, I have never met, and wants me to marry him. ,How can it be……"

"And because I am the only female disciple under the three headmasters in the spiritual courtyard, I am attracted by that guy. It is said that the strength of that guy is a genuine four-star Douxian Perfection, even in the entire underground courtyard. A top-notch existence, even an existence that touches the realm with half a foot."

"Although I don't want to conform to their intentions like this, but my strength is too weak, the three-star Dou Xian is complete, and it is insignificant compared to that guy, so I can only take the risk and swallow the five mysterious ice lotus seeds. If I can break through the four-star Dou Xian In the mid-term, I am afraid that the headmaster will also strongly reject this forced marriage..."

"But I failed, but I don't want to just accept my fate..." Luo Menglan spoke slowly, her voice was quite light, but it was filled with a stubbornness that is rare in a girl.

"Who is he!"

"I'll kill him!" Xiao Gui heard the words and looked at the man crying in his arms. Immediately, the sky filled with ghost energy, which completely enveloped the space.

"Calm me down!" Xiao Yan was shocked when he saw this, and the dazzling soul power directly suppressed Xiao Gui's anger temporarily.

"Big Brother!" Xiao Gui said angrily, his eyes couldn't help turning red.

"I'm sorry..." Seeing Xiao Gui's actions after a while, Luo Menglan's heart warmed, but now that his breakthrough has failed, his strength will probably only stop at Samsung Dou Xian in the future. There is no escape.

"Is this thing... useful?" After a while, Xiao Gui took out an elixir from his arms and placed it directly in front of Luo Menglan, eagerly asking.

"This is... Fighting Immortal Pill?" When Luo Menglan, who was a little weak, saw this, she was shocked and lost her voice.

"This is the Fighting Immortal Pill Three-star Fighting Immortal Completion Powerhouse can use it to break through the four-star Fighting Immortal. Although it can't help you too much, hehe." Xiao Gui grinned and said with a rather honest smile.

"Thank you, big man, but this thing is too expensive for me to accept."

"I will keep this trip to Lingshan in my heart. If there is a chance in the future, I will definitely repay you." After Luo Menglan finished speaking, she directly stuffed the medicinal pill into Xiao Gui's arms.

In the ghost world, and even in the entire Lishun Territory, there are only a few pharmacists, so even Luo Menglan, the great-granddaughter of the head teacher, does not have a fighting fairy pill, which is enough to see that the pharmacist is in the The rarity of ghosts.

"Gulugulu!" After a while, Xiao Gui took out the jade bottle, and then took advantage of Luo Menglan's inattentiveness, and gently put the Dou Xiandan into his mouth.

"You!" Luo Menglan's body was a little weak, and she closed her eyes and rested in Xiao Gui's arms, feeling the slightest sense of reassurance, but she noticed that a mellow elixir slowly emerged from her mouth.

"It's useless for me to keep it, just absorb it..." Xiao Gui smiled indifferently even if he lost the Douxian Pill, it seemed that as long as he had this girl by his side, he would be quite happy.

"As for the guy who forced you to marry you, no matter how holy he is, I, Xiao Gui, will definitely wipe him out!" In an instant, a terrifying ghost that couldn't speak, suddenly spread out from Xiao Gui's body like a demon in the darkness. !