Chapter 442: Take Dou Di Dan!

The group of nine left the edge of the desert and came to the place where Xiao Yan and the others met.

"I feel wronged these days for everyone to rest here first, waiting for the black storm to pass, and we will set off immediately." Tang Tang said slightly.

Tang Tang's grievances were naturally addressed to Yan Xiao, because many alchemists are quite delicate and inevitably have some other emotions.

"Sister Tang, I wonder how long this black storm will last?" Yan Xiao frowned slightly and said.

Xiao Yan is now a four-star Dou Di Consummation, and he still has that Dou Di Pill in his hand!

The Dou Di Pill is only useful for a five-star Dou Di, but for the current Xiao Yan, it is no better!

"It's hard to say. After all, the black storm is an extremely terrifying thing in the desert of death. We can say this kind of thing for less than a month, but it can be as long as three months," said the man with a scar.

"One month... is enough!" Xiao Yan thought carefully.

After a few people finished speaking, the wooden house hidden in the dark was pushed away by the coyotes one by one.

The crowd came one after another and walked into the wooden house one after another.

This is a resting place for the Bloodblade mercenary group. The wooden house has all the necessities of life, and it looks like it is cleaned frequently, and there is no dust at all.

"Everyone, let's live here first, go down and have a good rest." Tang Tang entered the wooden house and said after dividing their rooms.

"You guys go back first, I have something else to do." Xiao Yan said to Xiao Yi and Mu Yingying beside him.

"Yes." After the two responded, they went back to their own rooms.

"I don't know what else is going on with little brother Xiao Yan?" A smile flashed on Tang Tang's face, and he opened his mouth when he watched the two of them go down.

"Sister Tang, you have also discovered that I am only a four-star Doudi with the perfect strength, and I happen to have a Doudi Pill in my hand, so I want to take it for this time and hit the five-star Doudi."

"If it is successful, we will have a better chance of winning this trip!" Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Dou Di Dan?" Tang Tang heard the words, the coyote, the lone wolf and the scarred man could not help but feel a little envious.

This Dou Di Pill is quite expensive, even they have never used it.

"How long will it take?" Tang Tang's eyes sank.

That thing in the desert of death, you can't wait too long, otherwise it will be the first to get on, it will not be worth the loss.

"One month at most!" Xiao Yan insisted.

"A month... It's okay, we will protect the law for you during these hours, and collect some information about this purpose by the way. When you leave the customs, the black storm is almost over, and it's time to set off!" Tang Tang said.

"Then I will thank Sister Tang." Xiao Yan clasped his fists.

"By the way, you seem to be somewhat hostile to the mountains and rivers?" Tang Tang said.

Since they are all the way now, Tang Tang will never let these people rub against them secretly, otherwise they will finally enter the desert of death, and the unlucky will only be themselves.

"There is no friction, but I am afraid of being recognized by the members of their Xuanling royal family." Xiao Yan smiled.

"That's good." After Tang Tang finished speaking, he nodded.

"Goodbye everyone." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he strode straight towards his room.

With the disappearance of Xiao Yan, there are only Tang Tang, Coyote Lone Wolf and Scar Man.

"Wu Yu, keep an eye on Xiao Yan at all times. Taking Dou Di Pill is not an easy task. Once there is a change, immediately stop it!"

"Otherwise, without the soul power of this alchemist, we would never be able to break through the barrier in the desert area!"

"And I have a hunch that there is definitely something we need in there." Tang Tang said.

"Yes, Captain."

"However, how should Xiao Yan deal with this at that time? After all, he is a member of Fenxiang Pavilion, and it is not good to kill him directly..." said Wu Yu, a man with a scar.

"If you crack that thing, knock it out and pull it back."

"The followers of the two five-star fighting emperors still don't pose much of a threat." Tang Tang said slowly.

"Yes!" After Wu Yu finished speaking, he walked towards the wooden house next to Xiao Yan.

"Okay, the two of you also go down, I will notify you if there is something." Tang Tang said to the coyote and the lone wolf.

"Yes." The two responded and left.

"I really don't know if the information is true..." Tang Tangbei murmured softly and returned to his room after speaking.

"Master, that alchemist seems to be a little familiar, I always think I've seen it before." Inside the wooden house, Xuanshan said to the old man.

"I feel the same way too...but I really can't remember who it is."

"But forget it, after we follow them into the desert of death, we will start your experience, so you don't need to think about it." The old man said.

"Yep."

"But Master, what are these people doing?"

"A strong eight-star Dou Emperor leads the team, a seven-star Dou emperor, two six-star Dou emperors, plus the emperor-level pharmacist who doesn't know the specific level and the two five-star Dou emperor guards around him, such a lineup , but it should not be underestimated." Xuanshan said slowly.

"It seems that you are not a reckless man anymore, but as far as I know, they seem to be hunting a strong man from the Medusa family." The old man said.

"These people are really bold." Xuanshan was secretly surprised when he heard the words, and even the strong men in the Medusa family dared to move.

"Okay, let's take a good rest first, this black storm is not so easy to end." After the old man finished speaking, he closed his eyes and rested.

Seeing this, Xuanshan nodded secretly and calmed down.

"I don't know why, but I always feel that there is something in the desert of death..." In the house where Mu Yingying was, at this moment, a rather delicate blue flame was slowly beating in front of Mu Yingying's chest. Although the flame is small, it is extremely bright, and the power contained in it is probably enough to destroy the sky and destroy the earth!

The flame is different from Xiao Yan's strange fire. It not only has huge destructive energy and high temperature, but also seems to have some other mysterious effects.

"It's really strange, how come the closer I get to this lonely desert of death, the more violent my heart beats..." Xiao Yi said suspiciously.

As a fire elf, Xiao Yi is most sensitive to the power of flames. I am afraid that the power of flames can make Xiao Yi produce such changes.

"I don't know why Xuanshan came this time..."

"Forget it, let's take the Dou Di Pill first After Xiao Yan's brief thoughts were fruitless, he decisively gave up thinking.

Huge soul power instantly emerged, and then a circle of heaven and earth was laid around the wooden house. After doing all this, Xiao Yan carefully took out the Dou Di Pill from the ring in his hand!

Across the jade bottle, you could vaguely see the Dou Di Dan's entire body in white, about the size of a longan, but the center was a strange red color.

"Squeak." He gently took off the cork, and at the same time, an extremely strong fragrance of elixir permeated the entire wooden house.

"Hehe, as expected of a second-grade emperor-rank medicinal pill!" Xiao Yan said with a grin, but fortunately, Xiao Yan had arranged a soul barrier in advance, so this medicinal incense would not diffuse out.

The bottle cork had just been opened, and the Dou Di Pill had just come into contact with the air, but it was eerily full of intelligence and quickly escaped from Xiao Yan's palm.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The next moment, it turned into an extremely stunning figure and appeared in Xiao Yan's wooden house.

Even if he knew that this was the effect of the second-grade imperial pill, Xiao Yan saw the figure in front of him, his pupils shrank slightly, his nose became sour, and he said in a flash, "Xun'er..."

This voice contained a very strong longing. This call made the man in front of him a little surprised, and then the man turned his head, and a face that was enough to make everything pale appeared in front of Xiao Yan. !

Ask for tickets!