Chapter Vol 4 1429: Fire scorched snakes!

"What is this..." Yuan Yan's big watery eyes shrank tightly, as if standing quietly on the piece of residual image above the wooden box, possessing extremely mysterious power.

"Calm me down!"

"What the **** is this!" Feeling the frenzied fluctuations in his body, Xiao Yan viciously suppressed the undead Mingque and the undead leaves. After a while, his eyes became deep, and then he stretched out his palm with all his attention, and gently faced it. Check out the wooden box.

"Weng buzzing!" Xiao Yan's palm just touched the edge of the wooden box, and a circle of strange fluctuations suddenly appeared around the residual picture inside the wooden box.

"Not good!" An exclamation suddenly emerged from Xiao Yan's mouth, and Xiao Yan felt his scalp tingle for a while, and his palm suddenly retracted like an electric shock.

"Weng buzzing!" But inside the wooden box, a blood-colored flame like human blood slowly emerged at this time!

The blood-colored flame seemed to be immortal. It just emerged, and it immediately burned this space. Even Xiao Yan felt a shock.

"Okay... it's hot." On the forehead of Yuan Yan on the side, there was also a lot of sweat from the blood-colored flames.

"This thing... I'm afraid it has something to do with the undead flame!"

"Must get it!" Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, and then a khaki flame slowly emerged in his body.

"Go!" With the command, the dazzling khaki holy flame suddenly wrapped the wooden box, trying to swallow the blood-colored flame!

"It seems that this blood-colored flame is the real form of the undead flame... But it's strange, how can this undead flame and the residual picture be in the ghost day?"

"Shouldn't Undying Flame and Acacia Broken Enteric Flame be controlled by the Lord of Li Soul?" The Lord of Soul Eater whispered softly in his heart.

"Hula hula!" The Fire Heart Tianyan, which used to be like a divine help, just emerged, and was immediately pushed back by the blood-colored flames, as if oppressed by a natural superior, making the Fire Heart Tianyan unable to advance at all.

"I still don't believe it, a mere ray of flame can compare to my true source power!"

"Give it to me!" With a loud roar, a dazzling khaki-yellow holy flame crystal emerged from Xiao Yan's palm, and then the khaki-yellow flame turned into a pool of khaki-yellow liquid, and the blood-colored flame was easily extinguished.

"Huhu." As the blood-colored flames disappeared, Xiao Yan quickly took out the residual picture and blew it gently.

"It's really a good thing..." Xiao Yan glanced at the remnant picture in his hand, and found that there was only a blood-colored river in the remnant picture. At the end of the river, there seemed to be some kind of terrifying creature hidden in it, but it was in the remnant picture. On the edge, there are signs of incompleteness.

"According to the fluctuations of the undead ghost and undead leaves in the body, this remnant map is definitely related to the undead flame... But looking at this, I'm afraid this remnant map has been divided into two parts." Xiao Yan shook his head gently.

"Forget it, let's take one step at a time." The next moment, Xiao Yan also gently put away the residual image, and then he just had to wait for the Four Continents competition to end before heading to Li Soul Domain.

"Big brother...the flame you just now...is the holy flame?" Seeing Xiao Yan finish cleaning up so sharply, Yuan Yan's small face couldn't help but said extremely seriously.

"En." Xiao Yan didn't intend to hide, and directly agreed.

"Sure enough..." Yuan Yan was relieved when he heard the words, it was obvious that the person in charge of Sheng Yan was not a simple person, so Yuan Yan didn't worry too much, and even admired Xiao Yan even more.

"Boom!" The next moment, the void of the rock formation began to tremble strangely, and a deafening voice sounded slowly.

"Two little guys... hand over what you got!"

"This king can spare you!" In an instant, the space collapsed suddenly, a huge gap appeared, and then the huge body of the Gu Venomous Serpent appeared.

Gu Venomous Heavenly Snake originally planned to enter this space with Xiao Yan and the others, but Xiao Yan and the others had just left, and the gate of forbidden space was closing, making Gu Venomous Heavenly Snake take a lot of effort to enter it.

"I didn't expect that they were really chasing after them..." Xiao Yan was not too surprised when he saw this. Obviously Xiao Yan had noticed that the gu poisonous snake was following them, but he did not take action. Now that the treasure has been taken, this gu poisonous snake The celestial snake did this, but it was just asking for hardship.

"Big brother... I'll come!" At this time, Yuan Yan laughed, her voice full of confidence.

"Forget it, it's getting late, let's go back as soon as we solve it." Xiao Yan refused and immediately prepared to fight.

"Hahaha!"

"The tone is not small, but this king wants to see who is the overlord here!"

"Gu Poison!" The Gu Poison Heavenly Snake looked up to the sky with a loud laugh, and the huge snake head bent suddenly, and then facing the place where Xiao Yan was, a green aura containing deadly venom shot frantically.

"Fire!" Xiao Yan's palm gently twisted the khaki-yellow holy flame crystal, and suddenly, khaki-yellow flames continued to emerge from Xiao Yan's body, and then surrounded him. .

"Bang bang bang!" With a collision, the green aura was easily wiped out by Xiao Yan's khaki flames.

"The flame on this guy... is wrong!" Although Gu Venomous Snake was proud, he did not take it lightly. You must know that with its mid-three-star fighting power, dealing with a two-star consummation is not as easy as squeezing an ant!

"I didn't make a move on your site before, I wanted to play a trick to catch the cicada and the oriole, but unfortunately you miscalculated!"

"watch out!"

"The fire scorched the snake!" Xiao Yan's playful voice slowly emerged, and the khaki flames suddenly rose up, easily lingering around the Gu Venomous Serpent.

"Gulu." The Gu Venomous Sky Snake was wrapped in Xiao Yan's earthy yellow holy flame, and the huge snake mouth couldn't help but mutter, and a wave of fear emerged in his heart.

"Bake it for me!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the khaki flames immediately adhered to the skin of the Gu Venomous Serpent!

"This is... Holy Flame?"

"Ah ah ah!" Before the Gu Poison Serpent's voice could fall, the bright earthy yellow color directly burned the Gu Poison Serpent's skin with a special smell of burning as powerful as a three-star fight In the hands of Xiao Yan, the Gu Poison Sky Serpent in the middle stage of the Immortal stage actually did not have any counter-attack power.

"Big brother... so perverted." Until this time, Yuan Yan couldn't help but click her tongue secretly, surprised by Xiao Yan's strength. After all, although she also had a way to deal with the poisonous snake, she definitely couldn't be as easy as Xiao Yan. .

This is the case with the Gu Venomous Heavenly Snake, completely falling under Xiao Yan Shengyan, but this is not to blame for the Gu Venomous Heavenly Snake. After all, snakes are naturally cold, and flames are a deadly threat to them, not to mention Xiao Yan. The power of this holy flame is several times that of ordinary flames!

"Let's go!" After doing all this, Xiao Yan reconnected the stone man's body, then bowed respectfully, then took Yuan Yan and quickly fled here.

"This guy..." But this seemingly simple treasure hunt planted a stalwart figure in Yuan Yan's heart, which he could not forget for a long time.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!