Chapter 131: Fusion! Silent Lotus!

"Boom boom boom!"

The moment the twenty-two flames of different colors just touched, a muffled thunder-like sound erupted from Xiao Yan's palm.

Immediately, his hands were ripped apart and blood was flowing. Looking at the posture, if it wasn't for the huge fighting spirit in his palms protecting his back, I'm afraid it would have been blown off on the spot.

Resisting the severe pain from the palm of his hand, Xiao Yan's dark eyes looked at the twenty-two strange fires that had just begun to merge in front of him. The flames inside looked extremely strange and gloomy.

Gritting his teeth, Xiao Yan ignored the terrifying and violent energy emanating from the collision of the different fires, which caused the space to begin to distort, his hands tightly clasped in the middle.

The distance between the palms was only half a centimeter, but this half centimeter allowed Xiao Yan to fully mobilize every trace of power in the cells in his body, so that he could move slowly.

The three-winged unicorn stared at Xiao Yan who was like a madman. Although he knew that under such circumstances, it would be inappropriate to stay here, but for Xiao Yan to have as many as 22 kinds of flames from heaven and earth at the same time, He was quite jealous, but he insisted on staying. He wanted to see this arrogant guy with his own eyes, and he was playing with his own bones!

After all, with his experience as a three-winged unicorn. In this Dou Di Continent, he had never heard that someone could use flames like this!

Fresh blood continued to overflow from his palms, and the twenty-two flames with terrifying power in front of him began to gradually compress, but obviously, at the same time as the compression, Xiao Yan was also enduring twenty-two different types of fire. Backlash, at a certain moment, Xiao Yan finally groaned, spit out a mouthful of blood, fell into the flames, and was instantly burned into nothingness.

But the strange thing is that the blood spitting out of Xiao's mouth entered the huge flame light group, and the flames that were slowly merging with twenty-two different types of fire suddenly seemed to be stimulated, the violent factor that was finally suppressed by Xiao Yan. It is also exploding!

"Fix it for me!"

Gritting his teeth, Xiao Yan stubbornly stared at the twenty-two intertwined flames in front of him. He knew in his heart that his actions were undoubtedly extremely stupid, but after a moment of pondering, he was still In this way, he went on his own way, and in his heart, he had his own obsession.

This first attempt to integrate twenty-two different types of fire is undoubtedly extremely crazy, but Xiao Yan relies on the magical effect of Burning Jue, even if the process will be twists and turns, he still has to grit his teeth and persevere. There is never nothing in this world for nothing. , in order to gain great power, you have to pay a very heavy price at the same time!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

However, Xiao Yan's move to fuse the power of the source of the different fires in the list of different fires on the Dou Qi continent is undoubtedly tortuous, but this is a process of precipitation. Once successful, Xiao Yan will be able to rely on the fusion fighting skills to be able to disdain the heroes in the future. But even if there is such a powerful and bizarre technique as Fen Jue, if it fails, the consequences will be...

The splendid flames of twenty-two colors, when touching each other at every critical point, no matter how compressed Xiao Yan was, they would not merge any more, and, with Xiao Yan's unwilling oppression , the terrifying energy in the flame fused by the twenty-two different fires also began to gradually become violent.

"Bang!"

There was another muffled thunder explosion, and the overwhelming flames in the terrifying flame energy group in front of Xiao Yan flew all over the sky, and then they just scurried around.

Xiao Yan frowned when he saw the flames in front of him that exceeded his expectations. Then he saw the huge flames burst open, and looked down at it like a deflated balloon.

Xiao Yan's pupils tightened slightly, he knew that this was a precursor to the violent explosion of energy...

"Xiao Yan, **** it, quickly dissipate them, if you go further, it will explode!" Perceiving the violent energy of heaven and earth around Xiao Yan's body, his master Jinlong King also shouted anxiously.

The Golden Dragon King obviously didn't know what Xiao Yan was doing, but since the fusion of the twenty-two types of flames, everything didn't go well, and now there are other problems, so he was also worried about Xiao Yan's safety and shouted.

"Hey hey hey, he really knows the heights of the sky!" The three-winged unicorn, sensing those violent energy factors, laughed proudly.

However, while laughing, the huge beast pupils were also staring at Xiao Yan. Obviously, the young man in front of him had already obtained some approval from the three-winged unicorn, so the three-winged unicorn also had a hand. On the one hand, he wanted to Look at what the man in front of him will fuse. On the one hand, he is worried that the man will make some impulsive decisions because they stole his sister.

Without listening to the opinions of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan stared at the violent flames in front of him. With the extreme concentration of his spirit, at a certain moment, the world seemed to suddenly become quiet, and even the sound of the wind disappeared. down.

At this moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly burst into a daze, but at this moment, his fingertips became as flexible as picking flowers through leaves, and his ten fingers moved rapidly in the flames. At the same time, the huge battle qi that was run by Fen Jue was poured into it...

With the infusion of Fen Duel qi, the violent flame group in front of Xiao Yan turned quiet gradually After a second of silence, I burst into a more terrifying rage than before. factor!

Because the twenty-two different fires also felt a dangerous aura under Xiao Yan's vindictive vindictive aura, and the vindictive vindictiveness that had undergone the burning decision obviously wanted to condense and compress them into one!

But how could these twenty-two different colors of different fires allow Xiao Yan to merge so easily, and they immediately fought vigorously!

"Damn!"

"Give me a fusion!"

Xiao Yan was also surprised by the sudden burst of violent energy from the 22 different types of flames in front of him, and then the whole body's soul power roared away!

The terrifying soul force had just come into contact with the huge flame group, and the flame group that was fused by twenty-two different types of fire burst out with a powerful force to resist Xiao Yan's invasion!

Xiao Yan also did not expect that this fusion would be so difficult, and he was filled with vindictive energy immediately, and his soul power irrigated the flames in front of him! Blue veins burst out on his body, and his black eyes stared fiercely at the flames in front of him!

The twenty-two colors of flames squirmed slightly, and finally, in the shocking gaze of the three-winged unicorn, they slowly condensed into a tiny seed only the size of Xiao Yan's palm...

There are twenty-two bewitching colors on the seemingly small seeds.

"Let's call you the Lotus of Nirvana..." Xiao Yan also slowly sighed, looking at the tiny twenty-two-colored lotus seeds on his palms, the corners of his mouth also exuded a seductive smile.

????