Chapter Vol 4 1498: Great harvest!

With the complete fall of the Sky Poison Temple, the evil aura in the tomb also disappeared one after another, and the magic-suppressing stone in Xiao Yan's hand also increased a lot of points. After all, the Sky Poison Temple was killed by Xiao Yan and Tianwangzang together. Yes, and Tianwangzang had already fallen at this time, and the points naturally fell into Xiao Yan's hands.

"Senior is really righteous." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but nod his head and said, especially in the end, the seal of the heavenly king displayed by Tianwangzang with the body of the corpse, although it seems ordinary, but Xiao Yan is well aware that such a huge The energy and means are almost very close to the category of immortality.

"You brat." After the Sky Poison Temple was completely wiped out, a strange smile appeared on the skeleton of the Heavenly King hiding the corpse.

"You should not come here just for the purpose of destroying the Sky Poison Temple... After all, if I hadn't acted just now, I'm afraid your situation would be in jeopardy." After a while, the Heavenly King Hiding the Corpse smiled.

"We promised the fascinated old ghost senior to help you get out of the sea of ​​misery." Xiao Yan said with extremely sincere eyes.

"Oh..." Tianwangzang's expression became complicated when he heard the fascinated old ghost.

"Crash!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's five people also gathered together and came to the ground of the altar.

"Forget it, this is the end of the matter, it's useless for me to hide and tuck."

"My king's name is Tianwangzang, and he has spent his entire life serving the ghost world and the great world. I can pass on my mantle to you." After a short while, Tianwangzang said slowly.

"Thank you, sir." In an instant, Xiao Yan's face showed a trace of joy.

"However, I only have one mantle, how should the five of you distribute it?" In the next moment, the Heavenly King Zang Corpse laughed strangely.

"Sister, we don't want to."

"When they were fighting just now, I had already fully comprehended this altar formation, so this trip was quite rewarding." Yuan Yan spoke first, staring at his sister with big watery eyes.

"As you like." Yuan Hong didn't seem to care about these, her mission was to protect Yuan Yan.

"These two girls..." Although Tianwangzang is just a corpse, it also contains the last trace of power, so he saw through the fierce mental power in Yuan Yan's body at a glance, and couldn't help but smack his tongue, after all, at a young age The emergence of such a tyrannical talent will become a great weapon when he grows up.

"I don't need it either. As a light element, this man's mantle is not suitable for me." Liu Qing's eyes flickered and he shook his head.

"Light..." As Liu Qing opened his mouth, Tianwangzang's gaze became sloppy.

"Then ask the adults to give Xiao Yan the mantle." Du Qifei, who was beside him, also said.

As soon as Du Qifei's voice fell, the Heavenly King's corpse trembled, as if he was afraid of this woman.

"Tsk tsk...you guy, why are you so lucky to have four beautiful girls following along? This kind of fortune is beyond my reach." Noticing that the other four girls refused directly, Tianwang Zanggu couldn't help but said depressedly.

"Hehe." When Xiao Yan heard this, he could only laugh dryly.

"Never mind."

"Since you risked your life to help me defeat the Sky Poison Temple before, remembering your first merit, I will pass on this mantle to you." After speaking, the corpse of Tianwangzang suddenly trembled, and a beautiful milky white scroll immediately appeared. Slowly appeared on his palm.

"Crash!" With the appearance of the scroll, the energy of heaven and earth in this mausoleum suddenly fell silently.

"Is this the treasure of Tianwangzang..."

"What a terrifying fluctuation." The other four women noticed the tyrannical fluctuation on the milky white scroll with just one glance.

"No." After a while, the Heavenly King Hiding the Corpse slowly opened his mouth, and then threw the milky white scroll at Xiao Yan.

"Thank you, senior." Seeing this, Xiao Yan was overjoyed in a hurry. Although this battle almost damaged the fighting spirit, it was worth it.

"The energy of heaven and earth on this altar is quite strong. You should cultivate here."

"I'll send you guys out of here after the little guy understands what I've learned." Heavenly King Zang Corpse said.

"En." When the other four women saw this, they sat down quietly, but the Mo Yu, which was hidden in the dark, turned out to be taking advantage of Xiao Yan and the others to hand over the scrolls and slowly escaped from the tomb: "Damn Xiao Yan , destroying the good thing of our Hidden Soul Society, the next time we meet again, it will definitely make you look good." Qiqi's novel was first published on the Internet

"Huhu." He gently held the milky white scroll, and an indifferent terrifying wave slowly radiated from it.

"On the scroll, there is only the cultivation method of the Heavenly King's Seal, and you have seen the method of its display just now."

"Although the rank of the Heavenly King's Seal is not high, with your holy flame, it is enough to deal with some ordinary earth-level evils." Heavenly King Zang Zaidu said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, even if it was just for a moment, he could feel the tyranny of the Heavenly King's Seal.

"I see that your breath is floating, and I will give you a good fortune, enough for you to break through to the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal."

"And besides that, I'm afraid you still need to go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison." The Heavenly King Hiding the Corpse continued.

"Going to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison?" Xiao Yan was startled at first, but then became depressed. This is just a serious injury to the Sky Poison Temple. If it is the King Poison Temple Demon Queen of the foreign evil clan, it will be too difficult in the past. Just send it to death.

"Don't worry, I won't let you die."

"The consciousness above my corpse is about to disappear. At that time, it will be the real fall."

"And I just spent the last bit of strength, and I seem to have vaguely noticed that the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is showing signs of rebirth, so I want you to bring an item to secure the seal."

"This is the Demon Suppression Coffin With it there, it can greatly isolate and suppress foreign evil races. At the beginning, I was almost completely wiped out by the Sky Poison Temple. It was with the help of this coffin that I was left behind. The last bit of strength." After a while, before Xiao Yan could speak, the black coffin that existed before suddenly appeared beside Tianwangzang.

"This coffin seems to be afraid of human blood?" Xiao Yan nodded thoughtfully.

"This coffin was originally a fifth-grade immortal artifact, but because of some mistakes in casting, a human blood injection would temporarily invalidate it." Tian Wang Zang said.

"Okay." Xiao Yan heard the words and took the black coffin with a wave of his palm.

"Good boy, courageous."

"Although the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple is a dignified king, but you have the coffin, she can't easily obliterate you." The fastest updated novel https://

"In conjunction with the formation of the ancient Qiankun formation in your body...hehe." The Heavenly King Zang Corpse also laughed.

"time to go."

"This world still needs your protection."

"I hope that in the next war between heaven and earth, there will be strong men in our Great Thousand World, and it will not be as tragic as last time..." After that, the luster on the white jade corpse instantly dissipated, and after a short while, the corpse completely turned into The sky is full of powder, and the countless evil atmospheres in the mausoleum are suppressed. Obviously, even if it is completely obvious, Tianwangzang still regards obliterating foreign evil races as his mission.

"Tianwangzang, you are so loyal, yet you have fallen..." The Soul Eater in Xiao Yan's body also showed a hint of melancholy.

"Cough cough." The Heavenly King's hidden body quickly dissipated, and the reincarnation rune at Du Qifei's eyebrows immediately sent out a burst of sadness. Obviously, the two of them seemed to know each other well.

"Respectfully send Lord Tianwang Zang." Seeing this, Xiao Yan slowly lowered his head, clenched his fists, and said in a serious and respectful voice.