Chapter 447: The tragic past of the Xuanling royal family!

In a golden desert, terrifying hurricanes continued to spread, causing some small storms to continue in the desert. In the desert, a group of nine people walked slowly.

Among the nine people, their noses and mouths were all covered by veils or something. After all, in this desert, if sand was eaten by mistake, it would be very likely to be poisoned, so everyone had to guard against it.

Among the nine people, Tang Tang was the leader at the beginning, the coyote and the lone wolf were on the left and right sides, and Wu Yu was responsible for the break, and the rest were slowly wrapped in the middle by the four of them.

"Wait a minute." Tang Tang said.

"Captain, what's the matter?" The coyote turned his head and took off his mask slightly.

"When we came in just now, it was just the edge of the desert of death, and most of them were not dangerous, but now it's different, now it's in the desert of death... I am afraid that in a few days, we will be close to our destination, So you should be careful." Tang Tang took out a sheepskin map from the ring in his hand, and then said slowly.

"Yes." Hearing this, everyone nodded.

It has been ten days since the nine people entered the desert of death. During the ten days, they were constantly advancing. They only rested at night. The non-stop rush for these ten days made everyone a little tired.

"There is a water intake point not far from us, let's go to replenish some water first and act..." Tang Tangyu pointed to a green place on the sheepskin map and said slowly.

"Alright, after all, we don't have much water on our bodies!" said the black-robed man Yan Xiao.

"After fetching the water, there is still trouble for little brother Yan Xiao to refine some elixir to restore vindictiveness and resist snake toxin." Seeing this, Tang Tang said.

"Yes." Yan Xiao agreed softly, and then walked towards the green water source on the sheepskin map.

"Let's go, follow."

"Wu Yu, Yan Xiao's safety will be handed over to you, no matter when, you can't let him make the slightest mistake, do you understand?" Tang Tang turned to Wu Yu, the scarred man beside him.

"I know." After Wu Yu finished speaking, he followed directly.

"There seems to be something obscure in this desert of death... It's like the fluctuation of flames." Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes slowly stared into the depths of the desert of death.

"What's wrong, let's go." Xiao Yi pushed Mu Yingying, then hurriedly followed behind Yan Xiao.

"This Xiao Yi seems to be a fire elf, and his strength is unfathomable... But his flame power is really terrifying, I'm afraid I won't be his opponent if I don't use my real power, at least above the flame. "After Mu Yingying finished speaking, she followed directly.

Seeing this, Dashan raised his brows instantly, followed behind the team, and said to the old Dashui beside him, "Teacher, should we separate from them?"

"Don't worry, this team has such a luxurious lineup, I really don't know what you want to do in this desert of death?"

"We'll just follow them at a distance." The old man Dashui said slowly.

"Okay." Dashan heard the words, nodded and then followed the last of the team without saying a word.

A group of nine people walked towards the green.

The desert of death, this is a country full of death!

Not only does it have extremely terrifying high temperatures, but it also has some inexplicable power that makes those who enter the desert of death die without life!

It is said that if everyone who enters the desert of death has a chance to see the richest treasure in the desert of death, the guardian of the treasure will instantly kill it.

Although this rumor has no basis at all, there are also countless people who poured into the desert of death one after another!

If you can get out of the desert of death alive, then the inexhaustible glory and wealth will be within easy reach.

In the depths of the lonely desert of death, it is the place where the snake people live. There are nine major tribes of the snake people. In addition to the nine tribes, there is also a temple. The temple is dedicated to the strong and secrets of the entire snake people for countless years. All of the gods are the most outstanding snake people or the powerhouses with Medusa blood, but as for the specific location, I am afraid that even the powerhouses of the snake people are not very clear, only the nine major tribes. The leader of the corps knew.

In the depths of the lonely desert of death, a huge team is slowly lurking in a quiet place.

There are eleven people in this team. All eleven people, without exception, are all dressed in black cloaks, black cloaks, and black cloaks to cover up the other figures and appearances, but these eleven people, even if they are Under the isolation of the black cloak, there is a faint wave of terror.

The eleven of them are the ten powerhouses of the entire dragon-loving legion today. With the addition of the Xuanling King, there are eleven people in total. Such a terrifying lineup, even if it is placed anywhere in Xuantian, you can walk sideways. !

"King Xuanling, what is the purpose of our trip?" One of the figures said to the man in the first place.

The man in the first place heard the words, turned around, and said to the figure who just said, "Our destination this time is the temple of the snake people."

"According to the information I got, the snake people don't know why there is a descendant with the blood of Medusa, and although that descendant is mediocre, he is only a one-star fighting emperor, but the secret of the temple, I am afraid we all know Not sure."

"But one thing is certain, this strong man with Medusa blood has been in the temple for many days. Once she truly grasps the secrets of the Medusa family, it is not to mention us, I am afraid it is the guardian. Even the guardians of our Xuanling royal family can’t handle it.”

"After all, I think everyone should know the secrets of the Medusa family." King Xuanling's expression did not fluctuate at all.

"The owner of Medusa's bloodline?"

"One Star Dou Di?" As King Xuanling fell, the figure who had spoken out was startled!

He can be very clear about Medusa's bloodline!

Among the Medusa clan on the Mysterious Spirit Continent, there are three extremely terrifying pupils!

Blue Snake's Three Flower Eyes!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Furnace Three Flower Eyes!

The Petrified Eye of Medusa!

Among them, the most terrifying is the petrified pupil of Medusa!

The most terrifying thing about this petrified eye of Medusa is that it is hard to guard against!

Because even the King Xuanling as powerful as today can't do anything about this petrified pupil of Medusa!

Once this descendant of Medusa blood accepts the inheritance in the temple, it is very likely that he will master the petrified pupil of Medusa!

I remember thousands of years ago, the founder of their Xuanling royal family, a one-star Dou Xian perfection level powerhouse, because of the problem of territory, after the original struggle with the Fenxiang Pavilion failed, he went to the desert of death, trying to put this piece of land. The land is classified as the land of their Xuanling royal family, but where did they think that in the end, because they angered the king of the Medusa family, they were directly killed by this Medusa!

Medusa, at the cost of her life, displayed the petrified pupil of Medusa, directly petrifying the founder of the Xuanling royal family!

Even if thousands of years have passed, and how much effort their members of the Xuanling Royal Family have spent for dozens of generations, they still cannot remove the power of this petrified eye of Medusa!

This is the terror of Medusa's petrified pupil!

However, this petrified pupil of Medusa can only be cultivated if it has the blood of Medusa, so in these years, the snake people have not seen such a strong person, the Xuanling royal family can continue to argue with the snake people, and even suppress the snake. human race.

However, they are all clear, once a king with Medusa bloodline emerges from the snake people, with the grievances between their Xuanling royal family and the snake people, it is very likely that their Xuanling royal family is in a precarious situation!

Ask for tickets!