Chapter Vol 4 1698: Temple entrance!

"Xiao Yan Shaoxia, the attitude of the other members of the squad was disrespectful to you before. As the captain, I didn't discipline them well. I'll say sorry to you on their behalf." Kill the three of them completely and confirm again and again. After there was no omission, Yuan Feng humbly said to Xiao Yan, until this moment, Xiao Yan had won Yuan Feng's approval with his practical actions.

"Captain Yuan is very polite." Xiao Yan slapped and smiled when he heard the words. Obviously, he was quite casual about this kind of thing, and he didn't care about it.

"Xiao Yan's young man is really a hero. He deserves to be the person next to Mr. Hao Ni'er...hehe." After a while, Yuan Feng couldn't help boasting, apparently thinking that Xiao Yan had something to do with Hao Ni'er. .

"That's my senior sister." When Xiao Yan heard the words, his head was covered with black lines, and he put away the fighting spirit domain and other means, and said helplessly, saying this, he was naturally afraid of what this guy would say.

"Master... Senior Sister?" The original smile on Yuanfeng's mouth suddenly solidified, and a shock filled his heart.

"Lord Xiao Yan!" After a while, Yuan Feng suddenly understood something and knelt down and saluted Xiao Yan.

In the Soul Eater Domain, the Master of Soul Eater is a well-deserved overlord, and the three disciples that the Master of Soul Eater has accepted are all gifted and talented, and Hao Nier is the latest disciple. , but also the strongest in strength and talent, and now Xiao Yan is actually called Senior Sister Hao Ni'er, and Yuanfeng also understands the fact that Xiao Yan stood beside Hao Ni'er before.

Xiao Yan is the fourth disciple of the Soul Eater Lord!

The disciple of the Lord of Soul Eater, even in the Soul Eater Domain, is beyond the existence of the Seven Courtyards, so Yuanfeng respects him.

After all, a person has a noble status and is extremely powerful, so he can naturally win the confidence of others.

"Okay, Captain Yuan, now that this place is broken, Captain Yuan should return to his life as soon as possible, and let the large army attack and catch them by surprise." Xiao Yan laughed.

"Lord Xiao Yan, what about you?" Yuan Feng had exactly this plan. After all, the battle situation was changing rapidly, and there should be no hesitation, otherwise the fighter would be fleeting.

"I have other things to do." Xiao Yan looked at the hall and smiled.

"That subordinate will go first, sir, take care." After a while, Yuan Feng said slightly, and then he returned on the original road. Although Xiao Yan is only in the middle stage of Five Star Fighting Immortals, his combat power is amazing. Yuan Feng Also rest assured.

"Xuuuu." After a while, with Yuan Feng's departure, the hall became calm and quiet, Xiao Yan stood on the seat in the hall, smiling slightly.

"Hey, here, it seems to be the space passage to enter the temple of the Lord of Souls." After a while, Xiao Yan walked around, but stopped in front of a strange book screen in the center of the hall. become hot.

Now that everything is ready, it is only due to Dongfeng. Once the Acacia Broken Enteritis is found, then this trip to the ghost world will be a complete success.

Moreover, according to Xiao Yan's estimation, the war between the three forces of the Devil of Light, Li Soul Domain and Soul Devouring Domain will not be truly broken in a short period of time, so he still has time.

As for why Xiao Yan knew that there was a space channel to enter the temple in this hall, this was what was left after the death of the three six-star powerhouses before. Once Xiao Yan's soul power was probed, Xiao Yan was cheapened in vain.

"In the entire hall, there is only a trace of strange space power here. This should be the passage to the Senate." Looking at the paintings and calligraphy, there are only some landscapes and nothing else, Xiao Yan said.

"Crack!" With a sound, Xiao Yan raised his palm slightly, and the painting and calligraphy actually twisted like a vortex. Immediately, a dazzling suction force burst out and Xiao Yan was sucked into it. This terrifying force made people uneasy.

"Huhu." Xiao Yan did not resist, but his soul force was always vigilant. He also wanted to see where this led to, but due to the long passage of this space, Xiao Yan would not be able to reach the end for a while.

the other side.

Yuanfeng returned from the original road, but was met by another team. They clashed with the guardians guarding Yuanhe and suffered heavy losses. Fortunately, Yuanfeng took the shot and successfully returned to Soul Eater Domain, which was responsible for attacking the base camp of the Senate. middle.

"Sir, the matter has been investigated." A hundred miles away from Yuanhe, in the hinterland of the mountains, several tents appeared, and in the tents, several figures stood slowly, their eyes were bright, full of light, above their bodies. The armor and the breath emanating from the invisible are all chilling.

"Yuanfeng, is what you said true?" Listening to Yuanfeng's eloquent words, several strong people present couldn't help but say.

"Sir, what your subordinates said is true." Yuan Feng said solemnly.

"General, what should we do?" After several adults discussed, they looked at the ferocious man above the top of the camp in the depths, and said cautiously.

"Today, in order to deal with the demon of light, the five major courtyards of Li Soul Domain have formed the largest main battlefield outside the five major courtyards. In addition, there are five battlefields of the five major courtyards."

"The powerhouses in the five major courtyards have already been dispatched a lot, so I estimate that there will not be too many seven-star Dou Xian in the Senate at this time. I'll go with you."

"Yuanfeng, you've worked hard this time After this battle is over, you and Sir Xiao Yan's credit will be reported together," said the hideous man.

"My lord is wise!" Yuan Feng felt relieved after hearing the ferocious man speak.

Soul Eater has a total of seven teams, one is responsible for supervising the main battlefield of the Demon of Light and Li Soul Domain, while the other five are assigned to attack the five major courtyards, and the remaining one is composed of elites, waiting for the rabbit. Waiting for the final battle.

However, among these seven teams, there are hundreds of people, but all of them are one-hundred and one-hundred, and there are eight-star fighting immortals leading the team in each team.

At this time, the hideous man in the tent was the supreme commander in charge of attacking the elders, the wolf general!

At the initial stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, known for his strength, the strength of a wolf general, in the Soul Eater Domain, is enough to rank in the top 20 with strength alone, which also makes him famous!

"Let's pass the order, and start trying the Senate tonight. Only the powerhouses below the six-star Dou Xian can be dispatched. If the enemy has a seven-star Dou Xian strong, we will attack, otherwise, the seven-star Dou Xian and above must not act rashly!"

"Go down." After the wolf general finished speaking, he said in a low voice.

"Yes!" Everyone heard the words and nodded slowly, but the blood in their hearts also became boiling.

The real revenge has already begun, and this kind of beginning can only be rendered by blood!