Chapter Vol 4 2093: 2 questions in herbs!

Inside the Valley of Medicine.

With the conclusion of Xiao Yan's battle, the entire medicine valley was peaceful. Thousands of alchemists began to sit quietly and refine medicine pills. However, their speed was extremely slow, and they were vaguely not as strong as the ten peaks. It takes a lot of time to refine high-level medicinal herbs, but there are few people who can enter the powerhouse to participate in the medicine clan festival.

"Weng buzzing!" At the eighth peak.

The fire cauldron formed by the condensed fire of the amber holy flame was very powerful. It actually shortened the time for Xiao Yan to quench the medicinal materials. Although it was unable to catch up with the other nine peak competitors, it saved Xiao Yan a lot of trouble. , after all, for this level of medicinal herbs, there are countless cumbersome methods for refining medicinal materials, not to mention the matter of melting pills.

"Strange, the snake swallows the sky grass and the blood tooth demon fruit doesn't seem right?" In a month, Xiao Yan's breath and strength have slowly recovered by more than 70%, but in the medicine cauldron, it still remains. There are two groups of medicinal materials that have not been quenched. These two medicinal materials have not moved and are in good condition. As for the other medicinal materials, they have been quenched and refined by Xiao Yan at the same time, and turned into piles of powder. Xiao Yan used.

"Could it be related to holy spirit?"

"But the holy energy can only be used when it is melted..." Xiao Yan looked at the last two medicinal herbs in the medicine cauldron, but fell into deep thought for a while.

The Snake Swallows the Sky Grass and the Blood Fang Demon Fruit. It is said that these two things are extremely rare and peerless elixir. However, under Xiao Yan's amber rock soul fire, for nearly a month, there was no sign of degeneration. more lush.

The five holy flames could not be melted by Xiao Yan, so it would be a fantasy to use other ordinary flames to refine them.

"Wait, it shouldn't be a problem with the flame, maybe it's a problem with the prescription, or the refining of the medicinal materials." After a while, Xiao Yan's seasoned experience in refining medicine directly concluded.

"Weng Om!" With an idea in his mind, Xiao Yan waved his hands and took out the two medicinal herbs from the medicine tripod, holding them in the palm of his hand and trying to find out at close range.

Now more than a month has passed since the refining of the medicinal herbs, and the other powerhouses have already completed the initial refining of the medicinal materials, and they have already begun to fuse. Instead, Xiao Yan is still stuck in the first step, so Xiao Yan has a slight rush in his heart.

The first is the blood tooth demon fruit.

Xiao Yan saw that this medicinal herb had evolved from the dark green at the beginning to the blood color it is today after a month of flame refining.

The blood tooth demon fruit is shaped like an oval sphere the size of a palm, with two rows of neat lines in the middle. At first glance, it looks like a human head. The head, mouth and teeth are quite similar. But extremely sturdy.

"How to refine this thing?" Xiao Yan was also guilty for a while, this thing is invulnerable to water and fire, and the fire of holy flame cannot melt, I am afraid it can only be solved with skill...

"Squeaky." When Xiao Yan wondered, his palm went deep into the second row of teeth-like spheres, trying to find out.

"Xuuuu!" Following Xiao Yan's actions, there was something mysterious inside the medicinal material's head. This thing actually vibrated slowly, and then suddenly poured into the medicine cauldron and began to melt, a touch of extremely rich vitality. kept appearing.

"..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help rolling his eyes and said, the feeling is that there are some buttons inside this medicinal material that are like organs, and they can only be refined by touching them, otherwise, they cannot be refined with the fire of holy flame.

"Nature is really amazing, all kinds of strange things will be born." Xiao Yan couldn't help but feel this way.

"Next, the snake swallows the sky grass."

"This thing, according to the information I know, seems to only grow around the swallowing beast, so its refining is probably the most difficult." Xiao Yan shook his head, the pressure increased greatly.

Heaven-Swallowing Beast is just a cowardly name, just like Heaven-Swallowing Python, Heaven-Swallowing Sparrow, etc. are all of its races. These creatures are extremely tyrannical, and they can be contaminated with it, and they all have terrifying power.

The Snake Swallows the Heavenly Grass, no matter how hot the holy flame is used by Xiao Yan to bake, those powers are actually swallowed up by the small energy snake lingering on the Heavenly Swallowing Grass, and with the existence of this small energy snake, Xiao Yan I'm afraid don't even think about refining this medicinal material.

"We have to find a way to divert this thing away." Xiao Yan kept thinking in his heart, this little energy snake is just like a guardian specially condensed from medicinal materials, but it is extremely difficult to deal with.

"There is."

"Fire!" Xiao Yan had an idea, and the dazzling holy flames vented out, making the entire void extremely hot, only a small void was rather gloomy and cold, and immediately looked at the energy snake with anticipation.

"..." The energy snake looked at Xiao Yan very spiritually, and the snake letter continued to swallow, as if looking at an idiot.

"Snakes are naturally spooky animals, can you give some respect to snake creatures, don't they want to lose face!!!" Seeing the snake swallowing the sky grass without moving, Xiao Yan couldn't help but scolded, other snake creatures He is afraid of flames and loves gloomy places, but why doesn't this energy snake play cards according to the routine?

Not to mention the flames of holy flame that devoured and absorbed his own body, he was still unable to protect the body of the snake swallowing the sky grass, and did not give Xiao Yan any chance at all!

"Come on little guy." After a while, Xiao Yan directly aroused the most, the most, the last trace of blood energy related to the blood of the swallowing python in his body, forcing a drop of blood to drip into the distance.

The blood was bright red, but there was an extremely dim colorful snake shadow looming.

Due to some shy things with Cailin, Xiao Yan's body was more or less saturated with some of the blood and blood of the colorful swallowing python in Cailin, but with Xiao Yan's unscrupulous use~www.mtlnovel. com~ I'm afraid there's only so much left now.

"Boohoo!" Sensing the blood dripping from Xiao Yan, the energy snake vibrated violently, entrenched directly from the sky swallowing grass, and devoured it towards the blood with a look of anticipation.

"Give me in!" Seeing this, Xiao Yan finally put down the big stone in his heart, and the dazzling power of flame sent the swallowing python into the medicine cauldron, and began the final refining of the two medicinal materials.

As for the energy snake, it was attracted by the blood of the swallowing python, forgetting that it has a parasitic relationship with the snake swallowing the sky grass. Once it leaves, it also dissipates into countless energies and completely falls here.

"It should take some time to completely refine the last two medicinal materials, but why do I have a strong sense of uneasiness in my heart..." Xiao Yan raised his head slightly and looked at the many medicinal materials in the medicine cauldron. It is produced from the medicinal pills refined by oneself.

"Weng buzzing!" As time went by, the sky in the Medicine Valley Mountains slightly changed, and Xiao Yan also noticed this mutation and couldn't help but be surprised.

"It seems that because of the battle with Yan Xuan, someone has already become a pill..."