Chapter Vol 4 1775: The mysterious man Ji Xuan!

With the departure of Lin Hai and the others, the dim space at the bottom of the mountain range in Tianxing City regained its calm.

"Thank you, Lord Lin Shuang, for your help." The calm here was restored. Lin Qingwen and the others said with tears in their eyes. After all, if it wasn't for Lin Shuang's help, I'm afraid they would be in a bad situation, even if Xiao Yan had killed Six Star Dou Xian before. Completion powerhouses, but in their eyes, the Soul Palace powerhouses and their royal powerhouses are obviously the latter.

"Let's go, I'm here to meet and guide you on the orders of the princess." Lin Shuang smiled slightly, and then said to Xiao Yan. After speaking, she immediately walked towards Xiao Yan, trying to untangle the vines that were imprisoning them with extremely tyrannical power.

But I have to say that this Lin Shuang, although he is already middle-aged, but with a slender body and an often kind personality at that time, it is quite popular.

"Crack." Before she could do anything, the green vines were shattered by Xiao Yan.

"Oh..." At this moment, Lin Shuang was a little surprised, her beautiful eyes beating slightly.

The shackles of Lin Lao Qixing Dou Xian's strength are not simple. This mere five-star Dou Xian mid-stage guy can be shattered so easily. It seems that he really underestimates him. No wonder he is the domain owner of Endless Fire Domain.

"Let's go." After shattering the green seal vines, Xiao Yan shrugged helplessly and went along with the Tianyuan Mountains.

If it wasn't for Xiao Yan who wanted to explore the secret of the wood attribute in Lin Hai's body, I'm afraid this guy would not be able to make his own ten moves.

Of course, this is under the circumstance that Xiao Yan does not use all his strength. After all, now that the enemy is dark and we are clear, it is better to leave some means of pressing the bottom of the box to protect himself. Anyway, Xiao Yan is now relying on the mid-stage power of the Five-Star Fighting Immortal to deal with the following six-star Fighting Immortal. There is no problem with the strong, this is also Xiao Yan's biggest gain since his return from the ghost world.

After a while, everyone successfully reached the Tianyuan Mountains.

"It's a very prosperous city, and living here for a long time is also a kind of enjoyment." On the way through the streets where people often go, looking at the dazzling buildings, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say that the atmosphere here is obviously much warmer.

In the city at the top of the Tianyuan Mountains, there are countless street shops and people passing by in harmony, and there is a kind and amiable smile on the corners of the mouth, which makes people feel quite warm in their hearts.

"These are all thanks to Her Royal Highness." Lin Shuang said with relief.

"It seems that this princess really deserves her name." Xiao Yan said indifferently, being able to manage such a huge area in such an orderly manner, this princess has not been in vain in recent years.

"Sir, wait a moment, I'll go and inform the princess." Xiao Yan and Lin Shuang came to a restaurant, and Lin Shuang said immediately.

The teahouse was very lively, but there was obviously a secret passage leading directly to the princess' mansion. Lin Shuang disappeared immediately, leaving Xiao Yan alone.

"Forget it, go in and sit down." After taking a glance, Xiao Yan shook his head helplessly. He found a place with many people to sit down and ordered some tea to drink alone. He also knew that the status of the princess was aloof, and it was natural that these days were very difficult. It is necessary to be so careful.

"Hey... The recent election is coming up, and our Tianxing Continent has changed its taste. Thinking of the prosperous appearance of Tianxing Continent, there is a faint trend of surpassing Douyun Continent. I really miss the peaceful scenery of the empire's rule."

"Who said it wasn't..."

"However, how could the dignified emperor get sick for no reason, and it is a strange disease that countless genius doctors are helpless. Could it be..." Most of the teahouses are people who come and go, so it is also the best place for information exchange, after all Among these guys, there are many powerful merchants and mercenaries, and they have a good understanding of intelligence.

"Little brother, these words still can't be said..." After a while, a man slowly got up and laughed softly.

The man is dressed in gray, and his eyebrows are filled with a faint elegance. At first glance, he looks like a handsome man with a spirit.

"Hey, I'll just say it casually." The figure who was questioned heard the words and grinned. He knew that these sensitive topics could not be brought to light in a special period, and the other people who were talking heard the words and smiled. road.

"Hey, the fluctuations in this guy's body are really good, and there are even some strange powers, a little like Qinxin's breath?" Xiao Yan was too lazy to answer, just wanted to take a break and listen to some recent civil intelligence. However, he sensed a familiar aura on this guy.

"Who is investigating me?" After a while, the handsome man cast his gaze towards Xiao Yan, and he hesitated after sensing the dazzling power in Xiao Yan's body.

"Brother...have a drink?" After a while, Xiao Yan took the refreshment in his hand, leaned over, smiled, and his eyes filled with a rather soft look.

"Okay." The handsome man just looked up, looked at Xiao Yan's dark pupils, and said slightly.

For a while, the teahouse resumed its own liveliness, and many figures talked about their own life and cultivation, which was quite harmonious.

"Your Excellency doesn't seem to be an aborigines in our Star Continent." The handsome man circled around and said, although Xiao Yan's face is normal, but the awe-inspiring aura on his body is extremely conspicuous. Some intuition, so it can be concluded.

"Why?" Xiao Yan sipped his tea and asked in doubt.

"Our Star Continent residents except for some special guys, most of them are weak in nature, but they don't have such a strong murderousness and vigilance." The handsome man said softly.

"It's really good eyesight... But you're also pretty good. The initial strength of the Five Star Fighting Immortals, plus some strange things on your body, Tianxing Continent is really a genius." At this moment, Xiao Yan stared at the handsome man, word by word. the way.

"You!" The handsome man frowned when he heard the words, as if he was facing a great enemy, he said vigilantly.

"Don't worry, I'm not malicious." Xiao Yan said.

"Then make friends."

"Ji Xuan." The handsome man said softly.

"Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan said without shyness.

Just as the two were talking, a blue-clothed guard slowly walked towards the table of the two, as if something had happened.

"In a hurry, let's go first, there will be an appointment later." After seeing this, Ji Xuan clasped his fists and said that there was a slight rush, and then he left gracefully, but his eyes stayed on the guard for a while, it seemed Quite meaningful.

"It seems that this guy not only has deep knowledge with the Tianyuan Mountains, but also deliberately avoids him at this time, which is interesting." Xiao Yan smiled.

"Your Excellency, please come with me." After Shun breathed, Xiao Yan followed the guard and headed towards the ground of the teahouse. As for his identity, Xiao Yan did not have any weirdness, because the special wood attribute on his body, Enough to prove his royal guard.

And with the appearance of this scene, Xiao Yan and Ji Xuan also met for the first time, and the next time they met, it would be the time of each other's real life and death, or even the time when the entire Tianxing Continent changed.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.