Chapter Vol 4 1468: Fire Lion Sect!

"Let's go together, otherwise don't say I won't give you a chance." Xiao Yan took a few steps forward and said very plainly.

Although Xiao Yan knew that the strength of these two guys in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals must have some background, but Xiao Yan really wanted to try, where is his current limit.

"You are the rumored Xiao Yan on Dongzhou?"

"The strength is mediocre, but the tone is not small."

"Let us come to meet you today and let you know what it is that there are people outside people, there are days outside the sky!" Suddenly, the two men in black robes sneered.

"Brother, give me defense, let me come!" The next moment, the figure of the two men in black robes who had just attacked Du Qifei said.

The two black-robed people are the first of the fire lion sect in Xizhou. The older black-robed person is named Huo Li, who is strict and stable in nature, while the younger one is called Huo You, who has a violent temper, but both are three-star fighting. In the late immortal stage, it was the guy who just attacked Du Qifei.

"Crash!" The black robes on the two disappeared instantly, revealing their original appearance.

The eldest disciple Huo Li had scars on his face that were quite conspicuous, and he had obviously gone through a lot of fighting. On the second disciple Huo You, the rather thin face stared at Xiao Yan with a trace of resentment, if it weren't for Xiao Yan Yan, just now he managed to forge Qifei by himself.

"Fire attribute..."

"Throwing into the net." Watching the two move, Xiao Yan didn't do anything, but in an instant, before the two made their move, the dazzling soul power had spread all over the space, so the two of them attacked , As soon as he shot, he was pierced by Xiao Yan at a glance.

"Incompetent rat, pick me up!" In an instant, the two of them, with their second disciple Huo You as the main attack, shouted loudly.

"Let the horses come here." Xiao Yan's mouth curled into a smile, and his whole body became vigilant, because the strength of the early Samsung Dou Xian and the late Samsung Dou Xian were quite different, but let the gap be large, in Xiao Yan's origins. Under the fire attribute, it is also pulled a lot closer.

"Fire Lion's Palm!" Huo You's palm flashed with an unusually tyrannical flame fighting spirit, and then her figure burst out, suddenly facing Xiao Yan's palm.

"Pfft." Xiao Yan and Huo You looked like a simple palm, but after touching each other, both of them were shocked.

"The fire attribute energy on this Xiao Yan's body is very strong. I am afraid that he is a guy with a heavenly seed. It seems that he cannot underestimate the enemy." With a palm back, Huo You suddenly couldn't help muttering to himself in his heart.

"This Huo Li doesn't seem to be ready to take action. It seems that he is deliberately letting Huo You take action. Do you want to experience him?"

"However, the strength of this guy in the late stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal is really not to be underestimated. We can only make a quick decision, otherwise it will only be detrimental to me." Xiao Yan made up his mind, and immediately made a plan to try to end the battle quickly.

"Pick me up!"

"Fire Lion's Roar!" After a short pause, the flames on Huo You's body instantly gathered at his throat, and then his eyes became strange, and circles of hot waves of fire continued to emanate from his title, trying to bring Xiao Yan to his mouth. locked up.

"What is this... is it a sonic attack?" Xiao Yan was a little surprised, but he didn't dare to underestimate the just palm-to-hand contact, so the dazzling flames also permeated from the body, but this attack against Huo You was still the same. Extremely curious.

"Hoohoho!" Suddenly, Huoyou took a deep breath, and then countless flames melted into the throat in an instant, as if some tyrannical attack was brewing.

"This guy... what is he doing?" Xiao Yan didn't act rashly, his eyes and soul power became vigilant at the same time. If anything was wrong, he would immediately take action.

"Boom!" After a while, a deafening roar suddenly emerged from Huoyou's mouth. Along with such a terrifying sonic attack, the invisible sonic ripples even contained bursts of incomparably hot flames!

"The combination of sonic power and flame power... This Fire Lion Sect seems to have some ways!" Xiao Yan looked at the Fire Lion Roar, which combined sonic attack and flame power, and immediately laughed. On top of the energy, the violent sound waves and the power of flames made Xiao Yan feel a creepy aura.

"Huangquan Tianwu!" At that time, Xiao Yan didn't hold back at all, and the dazzling soul power all over his body gathered together, and a tyrannical soul attack suddenly attacked when Huoyou was unprepared.

"Huo You, be careful!" Huo Li has been guarding Huo You since the beginning, obviously he has no ulterior motive and did not rashly take action.

"It's too late!" Naturally, Xiao Yan would not give the two of them a chance. The present said that although these two have studied the use of fire attribute fighting qi, their soul power is too weak, so they were easily attacked by Xiao Yan's soul. hit.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the silent soul attack hit Huo You accurately and immediately, Huo You's pupils who were still using the Fire Lion Roar to attack Xiao Yan shrank tightly, the sonic attack dissipated instantly, and then fell into a coma in an instant. In the past, he was obviously attacked by Xiao Yan's soul power to the source of his soul, and I am afraid that waking up in the future will also cause a lot of load.

"Little bastard, what did you do!" Huo Li saw his junior brother being knocked unconscious by Xiao Yan's bizarre blow, and suddenly roared nervously Originally, he just wanted Huo You's experience to kill Xiao Yan Dan, if Huo You were no match for him, he would have made a move, but he would have thought that Huo You would be knocked unconscious by Xiao Yan's blow, which Huo Li did not expect.

"This... is too weak." Seeing this, Xiao Yan rolled his eyes helplessly and said with black lines. Up to now, Huang Quantian's anger has rarely been used. After all, the level is too low, but Xiao Yan underestimated his soul. The strength of the power overestimated the soul power of the Fire Lion Sect, Huo You, so a single strike of the soul attack directly knocked out the weaker Huo You.

"Little chops!"

"You will pay for this act of yours!"

"Take it!" The next moment, Huo Li's pupils were filled with anger, and he stared at Xiao Yan intently.

"Finally ready, have you used all your strength?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan suddenly became vigilant!

"I will let you know!"

"The gap between the early Samsung Dou Xian and the late Samsung Dou Xian!"

"And the gap between your Eastern Continent and our Western Continent is not something you can imagine." Huo Li's aura was rising steadily, and his dazzling fighting intent was undoubtedly on display in an instant.

"There's a lot of nonsense." Xiao Yan snorted coldly, not too lazy to talk nonsense with this guy.

"The might of the Fire Lion!" At the next moment, Huo Li was no longer talking nonsense with Xiao Yan, and a dazzling flame suddenly filled his body. Then, under the dull eyes of everyone, he suddenly bit his finger, a drop of bright red blood, gently of drops on top of fiery red flames.

"This Fire Lion Sect is a bit interesting." Although Xiao Yan's strength is weak, he is stronger than the fire attribute, but seeing Huo Li's methods, Xiao Yan couldn't help but laugh.

Because for Xiao Yan, the more tyrannical his opponent is, the more he can hone himself.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: