Chapter 142: The messenger is here!

"Father, Xiao Yan will be fine..." Yue Ru said to her father Yue Yu in the Yue Family compound.

"Don't worry, since Xiao Yan can get rid of the Mu family and Wucheng's pursuit, and make Wucheng in a mess, he must not be an ordinary person!" Yue Yu was also quite satisfied with Xiao Yan.

Not to mention, the great fortune that Xiao Yan obtained within the ruins made Yueyu admire him with admiration, not to mention that Xiao Yan escaped from the Mu family's arrest by himself.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Yue Yu and the others first went to the depths of the Demonic Beast Mountains to find Xiao Yan, but the search failed, and then followed by the shocking explosion in Wucheng. Obviously, they were also inseparable from Xiao Yan.

Yueru couldn't calm down when she heard the words. They went to the waterfall in the Demonic Beast Mountains to check, but they didn't find any trace of Xiao Yan, and some were just unrecognizable scenes.

Yueru clearly remembered that the water flow of the waterfall was very huge, and it would be twisted and staggered by the power of the terrifying flame. This really surprised them, so they couldn't help worrying about Xiao Yan.

After the search was fruitless, the three of them also returned to the Yue family.

The front foot had just left the waterfall in the Demonic Beast Mountains, and the direction of Wucheng exploded into the sky. At the same time, the three of them also remembered what Xiao Yan said about giving Wucheng a great gift!

Yueru walked slowly in the lobby, obviously very worried, Yueyu also looked at her precious daughter helplessly, and the third elder had already gone out to deal with other affairs.

As time passed by, a handsome man in a hat appeared at the back door of Yue's house.

"You're back?" Yueru also exclaimed.

"Um."

"Where's your sister?"

"She has already gone back."

The two also talked in the same way. Naturally, Xiao Yan couldn't tell Yueru about Qingyuan. First, Xiao Yan didn't know what to say. Could it be that Qingyuan was taken away... Second, the less people knew about Qingyuan? The better, after all, knowing more is sometimes a bad thing.

"It's fine." Yue Yu also hurriedly interjected, and then looked at Xiao Yan and found that Xiao Yan's soul power seemed to be a little weak, and immediately thought about it.

"You did the explosion in Wucheng, right?" Yue Yu asked.

"A little gift for them." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also laughed. After all, although he didn't want to cause trouble, if they did get him, they couldn't just let them go. The explosion of Wucheng should be given to them. A little warning from them.

"What about the ones in the Demonic Beast Mountains?"

"That's a new fighting skill that I experimented with..."

"You are really ruthless, but I like your temperament." Yue Yu also laughed loudly. After all, Wucheng is such a local emperor, but I haven't seen them so embarrassed for a long time. This time Xiao Yan's big gift, Wucheng In a short period of time, the vitality is also greatly damaged!

"Have you decided to join that sect?" The three of them chatted and laughed in the lobby, and then Yue Yu said as if remembering something.

"Burning Incense Pavilion." Xiao Yan said lightly.

"Fenxiang Pavilion, where should it be suitable for someone with a very strong fire attribute, and not to mention other things, even if you are an alchemist, you can also gain a good position in it." Yue Yu also thought about it.

"However, although you joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, my daughter joined the Wanhua Pavilion. Although the two pavilions are opposites, you both take care of each other when you go out." Yue Yu said with a smile, the implication is also obvious. .

"Senior, don't worry, Xiao Yan naturally knows this." How could Xiao Yan not understand Yue Yu's meaning, he immediately agreed.

Although the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Wanhua Pavilion are sects that oppose each other, they are also in the same world of Xuantian San, so the distance between the two pavilions is also very close, so it is reasonable for you to take care of each other.

"Okay, I see that your soul strength is a little weak, then go down and take a good rest. In a few days, Xuan Sansan will send an envoy to pick you up. Before that, you should have a good rest." Yue Yu also found out. Xiao Yan's soul power seems to be a little wrong, and he understands it in his heart, so he speaks.

"Yeah." The two responded at the same time.

Xiao Yan and Yueru also returned to their respective wooden houses one after another, and then on the bed of the wooden house, Xiao Yan sat cross-legged with his eyes closed, his hands made strange handprints in front of his chest, his chest heaved slightly, and with every breath, A perfect cycle is formed, and during the breath cycle, the soul power on the forehead is also quietly drifting out.

"Strange, this soul power and spiritual power seem to have a similar relationship, but they exist independently..."

"Since the soul power can be cultivated through the soul formula, then the spiritual power should be similar, but where can I find the spiritual power training formula..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

"Don't worry. After Xuan Sansan, everything will work out. It's useless to worry too much now." The Golden Dragon King also said slowly.

When Xiao Yan closed his eyes to cultivate, thinking about the connection between soul power and spiritual power, the ancient ring on his finger glowed slightly, and then fell silent...

"Huh..." He let out a sigh of relief, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly opened, and a wave of soul power that had just been several times stronger appeared.

"Soul strength has also recovered eight or nine times out of ten." Shen Shen sensed the soul realm on his forehead, Xiao Yan's face had a slight smile, and he really went out, strength is the best guarantee, because no one knows What will happen in the next second.

After a long while, Xiao Yan shook his head in satisfaction, climbed out of the bed physically and mentally exhausted, and stretched his numb hands and feet. Although Dou Di powerhouses generally don't care too much about this kind of fatigue, there is nothing wrong with Xiao Yan now. He stretched his body and lay down on the bed.

A few days passed slowly, and when the first light of the morning sun shone on the earth, the Yue family became quite serious, because today the messenger of Xuan Santian was about to arrive.

Xiao Yan has been resting as usual these past few days and then conditioning his soul power. Today, he is simply in the room. An old voice came from outside the room: "Elder Xiao, Patriarch Yue, please go to the hall!"

Xiao Yan was also a dedicated elder who stayed in the Yue family after Yue Yu helped him so much before, so this title is not surprising.

"Yeah." He replied casually, changed his clothes, Xiao Yan walked out of the room, smiled at an old man in white outside the room and said, "Let's go, Butler Moon."

Looking at Xiao Yan's face, the old man in the white shirt nodded kindly, and the moment he turned around, his cloudy old eyes flashed a touch of envy that was not easy to detect, alas, this little friend Xiao Yan can possess such a powerful strength at such a young age. The key is to be an alchemist with a high rank. This kind of identity is also envied by ordinary people.

He followed the old butler through the backyard, and finally stopped outside the solemn reception hall. The butler first signaled Xiao Yan to wait for a while, then knocked on the door respectfully, and then gently pushed in.

The hall is very spacious, and there are quite a few people in it. The ones sitting at the top are Yue Yu and the third elder, who are familiar with Xiao Yan. There are also a few old people with indifferent expressions. elders of the clan.

Under the left hand of the five people, there are some elders who have the right to speak and are not weak in the family. Beside them, there are also some younger generations who have performed outstandingly in the family. Yueru is among them, and seeing Xiao Yan is also Can not help but smiled knowingly.

On the other side, there is a stranger sitting in the same position opposite Yueyu, presumably he is the messenger of Xuan Santian that Yueyu said before.

Some doubtful eyes swept over the stranger, a simple middle-aged man in a cloth robe, the middle-aged man and Yue Yu did not know what they were talking about, with a smile on his face and a look of high spirits.

"Is this the kid who obtained the great fortune in the ruins?" The middle-aged man also turned his attention to Xiao Yan and asked.

The transition is over. Next will be a new starting point and a new story. I plan to integrate some new elements, such as attributes, formations, laws, fields, weapons, people, demons, gods, immortals, demons, ghosts, etc. many new elements.

Pig's feet are still Xiao Yan, as for the people on the Dou Qi Continent, they will gradually appear, so everyone can look forward to it slowly!