Chapter 130: 22 kinds of different fire origin power!

Ever since the battle with Soul Heaven Emperor on Dou Qi Continent, Xiao Yan has never tried to fuse the 22 kinds of different fire origin powers in his body!

Even before this, Xiao Yan had only tried the seven-color fire lotus, and Xiao Yan had never tried the fusion of the origin of all the different fires on the Dou Qi Continent.

"If it comes out of fusion, then even a four-star Dou Di powerhouse can become a powerful killer..." With such a nervous murmur in his heart, Xiao Yan's hands trembled, and then he looked at the many familiar flames in front of him. .

"It's been a long time, my friends." Xiao Yan also greeted the twenty-two flames in front of him with a smile, and Xiao Yan also memorized every type of flame in front of him.

On the Dou Qi Continent's list of different fires, in addition to the first one that didn't exist, there were also twenty-two types. Ancient Emperor Tuoshe himself was one of them, and he was devouring the other twenty-two on the list of different fires. After a strange fire, he became the first strange fire on the list, with twenty-two hair colors.

A black flame in front of it is called nothingness swallowing inflammation, ranking second, color: black, this fire is born in nothingness, there is no form to be found, invisible to grasp, it is a rather strange existence, nothingness swallows inflammation, known as The thing that swallows the sky and the earth has the ability to devour all things. Between the heaven and the earth, only a few things can resist the ability to swallow.

The milky white flame in front of it is called the Jinglian Demon Fire, ranking: third, color: milky white, pink when it is extremely rich, and has the special effect of purifying everything. into nothingness. You can even use human emotions as a guide to enter the body, and the body and soul will be purified into nothingness. The power is terrifying.

The golden flame in front of him is called Jindi Fentianyan, ranking: fourth, color: golden, this kind of strange fire is the fire inherited from the ancient clan, and few people can subdue it, Jindi Fentianyan is known as the A terrifying fire that burns even fighting spirit.

A creamy green flame in front of him is called the Yan of Life, ranking: fifth, color: green, a liquid-like green flame, rising in the face of the storm, the green liquid fire fills the sea, and layers of mist rise up, where the mist rises. In the meantime, countless kinds of strange medicinal materials slowly grew up, filled with a moving breath of life.

In front of it is a light black flame called Bahuang Ruiningyan, ranking: sixth, color: light black, the highest level of different flames owned by the Yan clan, which has been injected with an indelible soul imprint by the controllers of the Yan clan of all dynasties. Huo Xuan of the Yan clan once turned it into a pair of huge flame wings, which are really overbearing.

The golden flame in front of it is called Jiuyou Golden Ancestral Fire, ranking: seventh, color: golden, originally owned by the Jiuyoudi Ming clan, but now owned by the Yan clan, it has merged with the volcanic stone flame to form a new type of strange fire, Can compete with the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan without falling behind.

In front of him is a group of crimson flames called Red Lotus Karmic Fire Rank: Eighth, Color: Crimson, crimson, quite coquettish flames, and when the flames rise, they will form a shape of red lotus.

A group of purple-black flames in front of it is called Three Thousand Flames of Flame. Rank: Ninth, Color: Purple-black, when it is extremely rich, it is pure black. It is also known as "Three Thousand Stars of Flame". The fire is purple-black and takes shape. In the starry sky, it can absorb the power of the stars and continuously become stronger. Silver fires fall from the sky, and a thousand miles of land are like deserts. Day and night do not distinguish, the stars do not appear, and the sun does not shine.

There is a black flame in front of it called Jiuyou Fengyan Rank: tenth, color: black, born in the endless abyss of the extremely yin land, where the yin wind is endless all year round, and this strange fire is formed in the wind gang. violent place. This fire has a strange wind sound coming from it, and when this wind sound enters people's ears, it will make people feel a little bit of irritability, and this strange sound can cause emotional fluctuations in people.

A group of white flames in front of it is called Bone Spirit Cold Fire. Rank: Eleventh, Color: Forest White, a strange flame that combines extreme cold and extreme heat. The cold meets the extremely yin land.

The silver flame in front of it is called Jiulong Lei Ganghuo, ranking: 12th, color: silver, it has been passed down by Fenyan Valley for hundreds of years, and the powerhouses of all dynasties have branded an indelible blood soul in the source of fire. The mark, unless you have practiced Fenyan Valley's Suppressing Valley Cultivation Technique "Qingming Youyan Jue", otherwise, even if you get the Nine Dragons Thunder Fire, it is absolutely impossible to use it for your own use. Silver flames, as the flames rise, and faintly, nine silver fire dragons can be seen, traveling through the flames. Within the different fire, there is a condensation of dragon power, so it has the magical effect of shocking the soul. The silver flames are burning, and nine small fire dragons shuttle around in it, as if they have spiritual wisdom, and there are some faint dragon powers that permeate from it. Out, it makes people's soul power feel a little depressed.

There is a brown flame in front of it called Tortoise Spirit Fire Ranking: Thirteenth, Color: Brown, shaped like a giant tortoise, covered with sharp fire thorns, and in the ferocious giant mouth, the brown strangeness full of fangs like blades flame.

A group of transparent and colorless flames in front of them is called Falling Heart Flame. Ranking: No. 14, Color: Transparent and colorless, when it is extremely rich, it is milky white. Known as a "practice cheating device", it can speed up the practice. Once the fallen heart flame is successfully refined, a kind of heart fire will be continuously generated in the body, and this heart fire will be completely uncontrolled every day, every night, every day. The vindictive energy in the body is calcined every moment, and in these almost non-stop quenching, it is as if the body is in a state of cultivation all the time, and this state of cultivation, the effect is even better than the usual practice, this kind of Cultivation is naturally much higher than ordinary cultivation, so it is called a cheating device. Fire is born from the heart, quenching gas and refining bones. This fire can also summon the fire of the heart, which burns people from the inside out.

A dark blue flame in front of him is called Haixinyan. Ranking: No. 15, Color: Dark blue, dark blue flame, it looks extremely mysterious. The rising flame spreads out slowly like clear sea water. Ripples, like water waves.

In front of him is a fiery red flame called Huoyun Shuiyan Ranking: 16th, color: fiery red, shaped like a fire cloud, a magical flame with the power of water.

The dark red flame in front of it is called Volcanic Stone Flame. Ranking: No. 17, Color: Dark red, it is now owned by the Yan Clan. It has merged with the Nine Serenity Golden Ancestral Fire to create a new type of special fire, which can compete with the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan. rather than falling behind.

The green flame in front of you is called Water Flame. Rank: No. 18, Color: Transparent green. This fire is born from water, so it has this name. It is heard that this fire can control the flow of water.

The cyan flame in front of it is called Qinglian Earth Heart Fire. Ranking: No. 19, Color: Pure cyan, dark cyan when extremely rich, born in the depths of the earth, after countless tempering, fusion, compression, Carving... Ten years into a spirit, a hundred years into a lotus, a thousand years into a lotus, when it is completed, its color is blue, and the lotus heart produces a cluster of green fire, which is called Qinglian Fire, also known as Qinglian Earth Heart Fire, the power of this fire Unpredictable, in the vicinity of the volcanic area, it can even cause volcanic eruptions! It forms the destructive force of nature! The treasure that coexists with this fire is the blue lotus seat When cultivating, you can calm down, avoid getting into the devil, and also It makes people very sensitive to the fire attribute energy between heaven and earth, and can only make jade objects (such as jade rulers, jade knives, etc.) cut down from the rocks at the bottom of the volcano. Earth Fire Lotus Seeds are the treasures produced on the Qinglian pedestal and are widely used. Only when the Qinglian Earth Heart Fire and the azure pedestal are co-located, they will only condense one in a hundred years. The fire lotus seeds prove that this group of Qinglian Earth Heart Fire has existed for at least one thousand and one hundred years.

The golden-red flame in front of him is called Jinmuyan. Ranking: 20th, it was born in the attributes of gold or wood, and has the magical effect of being able to transform gold and wood.

In front of him is an orange-red flame called Green Bamboo Leaf Flame Ranking: No. 21. It was born in the big forest and is said to be the guardian flame of nature.

The red flame in front of it is called Myriad Beast Spirit Fire Ranking: No. 22, Color: Red, it has the effect of making all beasts surrender, and it is the guardian fire of the orcs.

In front of him is a dark yellow flame called Xuan Huangyan Ranking: 23rd, color: dark yellow, exactly the same as ordinary flames, but its power is stronger than the flames condensed with Dou Qi!

Xiao Yan also briefly looked at the twenty-two different colored flames that were lined up in front of him, then waved his hands, and many flames slowly began to touch.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

I have sorted out the twenty-two different fires on the Dou Qi Continent, so that everyone can have a little impression. The original author did not mention them, and I added some myself.