Chapter 90: Soul clan now?

?? Because of Xiao Yan's background, the consumption just now is not small, and it will not be able to restore the peak in a short time. The seemingly tyrannical palm attack is easily resolved by the dark light of Wu Huan.

"Go back! This demonic energy is not something you can handle now. A careless move is very troublesome," the Golden Dragon King said suddenly.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also distanced himself from this martial arts.

There was also a slight smile on Wu Huan's grim face. The pitch-black fighting qi slowly repaired Wu Huan's dying body, and then the fighting qi in his body recovered a little. He immediately lowered his head and stared at Xiao Yan. Obviously this time he underestimated Xiao Yan's strength, but fortunately he has blood. The power of the incantation, otherwise it would be a lot of mischief!

"Go back!" Seeing the huge pitch-black awn repairing his body, Wu Huan also shouted loudly, and then the pitch-black grudge slowly retreated to his forehead.

After doing all this, Wu Huan carefully recalled the battle just now, but he was defeated for a long time, and he almost lost it. At this moment, Wu Huan also had a retreat in his heart. He had dared to fight Xiao Yan before. On the one hand, it is because Xiao Yan is a person wanted by "that force", and he has a three-color blood curse on himself, and he is confident in himself. He came to fall into the trap, but he never expected that the current Xiao Yan was completely different from what he saw in the initial attack. Just the endless variety of methods made his heart tremble.

"It seems that we can only retreat first. Presumably, the good fortune in this ruin was also obtained by him, but since he killed and absorbed the soul power collected by the envoy, the people of 'that force' will inevitably find trouble with this kid. , I'll save the time and kill this kid again."

This thought flashed through his heart, and Wu Huan finally decided to stop fighting. He looked up at Xiao Yan, who seemed to be plundering again, and retreated sharply, wanting to retreat into the depths of the chaotic beast mountain range. middle.

"Hmph, where to go?"

However, just as Wu Huan stepped back, an icy voice suddenly sounded behind him, and at the same instant, there was an extremely hot and terrifying wind.

The sudden attack made Wu Huan's complexion change, and his body turned around quickly like a conditioned reflex, and his palms filled with fiery red grudge hurriedly greeted him.

"Bang bang bang!"

The fierce wind suddenly spread out at this moment, and Wu Huan, who rushed to meet the enemy, suddenly felt suffocated in his chest, and his body was shaken back more than ten meters. , standing where he had previously backed away.

"Xiao Yan!"

Looking at the figure, Wu Huan suddenly gritted his teeth.

Although Wu Huan has a three-color blood curse, he is also very clear that once he really uses the power of this blood curse, his future will be over. When he thinks that he will be driven by that evil person every day in the future, Wu Huan. I feel very uncomfortable...

Xiao Yan's face was expressionless, milky white flames lingered around his body, making him look like a fire god, stepping on the void, step by step towards Wu Huan.

"Damn! Xiao Yan, don't force me, otherwise..." Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance, Wu Huan couldn't help narrowing his eyes and said coldly.

The corners of Xiao Yan's mouth raised a sharp arc, and the vast milky white grudge quickly condensed in the palm of his hand.

"You still want to kill me with your strength that you don't even have in the middle stage of the Three-Star Dou Di?" Wu Huan laughed angrily. When his face changed, he hurriedly turned around to meet him, his palms danced, and his powerful fighting qi formed an airtight energy network in front of him.

"Bang bang bang!"

Xiao Yan didn't care about anything else, he swung his fist, and every time he swung it, there would be a piercing, sharp wind breaking sound, the space cracked, and dark cracks appeared.

"Bang bang bang!"

In the face of Xiao Yan's fierce offensive, Wu Huan also secretly complained in his heart, and his figure kept retreating. Xiao Yan's current strength almost suppressed him to the point where he could only defend.

"If this continues, sooner or later it will fall into Xiao Yan's hands..."

"It seems that we can't entangle any more, **** boy, this account will be remembered by Young Master Ben, and you will pay it back sooner or later!" Wu Huan screamed viciously in his heart, and the palm of his hand suddenly increased, forcibly shaking Xiao Yan's body away. Offensive, the toes are a little empty, and the figure is flying upside down.

Suddenly speeding up, the figure was in the air, Wu Huan just breathed a sigh of relief, a dangerous feeling suddenly filled out from the depths of his heart, and the cold hairs all over his body stood upright at this moment.

"Huangquan refers to!"

"Huangquan Palm!"

Just when Wu Huan's heart was filled with a sense of danger, a slight cold shout brought a little cold wind, and it sounded like a ghost in Wu Huan's ear.

"not good!"

Feeling the movement behind him, Wu Huan's face was instantly pale, and Xiao Yan's speed was faster than he expected.

"Bang!"

The Wu Huan who reacted, only the remaining fighting and rushing surging in the body, but it has not completely formed a defensive shield behind him, a milky white handprint and fingerprint about the size of a slap quietly landed on his back. On the top, the terrifying energy gushed out like the Xiang River at this moment.

"Boom boom boom!"

Xiao Yan's attack hole went straight through Wu Huan's back!

"Cough, cough, cough!"

A weak feeling came from Wu Huan's whole body Looking at the hole about the size of a fist in his chest, blood flowed out like a stream.

"It's time to end."

"Since you are in the company of that foreign evil race, then I will send you to hell."

Although Xiao Yan had not seen the so-called foreign evil clan with his own eyes, he knew from the mouth of his master Jin Longwang that the foreign evil clan was an unforgivable person, and he was ruthless in the face of Wu Huan.

Raising the heavy ruler in his hand, he revived his recovered vindictiveness, and then slashed viciously at the place where Wu Huan was staying.

Now both of them are seriously injured, this blow is enough to kill Wu Huan.

The chi awn on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng slashed viciously towards Wu Huan. Wu Huan also struggled desperately, but his severely injured body couldn't walk at all. attacked.

Wu Huan also gritted his teeth slightly, and then a flash of determination flashed in his eyes, obviously he was going to use the last resort.

Seeing that dozens of feet of light approached the seriously injured and dying Wu Huan, a familiar aura appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"Qiangqiang!" A black chain appeared directly in front of Wu Huan, and the dozens of feet of light were instantly resisted.

"Jie Jie, worthy of being an imperial alchemist, your soul power should be quite delicious..." Under a black cloak, a sinister sneer came out.

"Soul clan?"

Xiao Yan also shrank his pupils tightly, and then looked solemnly at the man in the black cloak beside Wu Huan.

Because he felt the same blood power from the man in black as the people in the Soul Hall of Dou Qi Continent!

Ask for a monthly pass ^o^...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: