Chapter Vol 4 1923: The power of clan lines, killing the blood demon king!

The latest website: "Weng buzzing!" A strange buzzing sound emanated from the green giant, and vaguely, the blood demon king couldn't help but feel a sense of adoration!

"Demon Emperor Tianxiang?"

"How is that possible?" At this moment, the blood demon king's eyes flashed with a look of extreme shock, and then he saw his tyrannical and violent ape, slowly rushing towards it.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the monster emperor's huge body suddenly and slowly twisted as if it had life. With the help of the green flame on the body, he raised his hands at the same time to shoot at the violent ape!

"Boom!" With a sound, the seemingly tyrannical tyrannical ape was instantly slapped by the palms wrapped in green flames and vanished!

one strike!

With just one blow, he instantly disintegrated the strongest blow of his late-stage Eight Star Fighting Immortals!

This is the Demon Emperor, the most powerful person in the ancient demon world who could single-handedly stop the white kings of the extraterritorial evil clan!

Even if he is as strong as a blood demon king, in front of such a strong man, he can only respectfully call out a demon king.

Strength doesn't mean everything, this sentence is most vividly reflected in the demon emperor!

"who is it!"

"Who the **** is it!!!" After a while, the blood demon king's violent eyes shrank tightly, his eyes swayed around, trying to find the ultimate murderer and tear him to pieces!

"No need to look for it." At this time, a black-shirted man wrapped in amber flames slowly stepped out of the void, smiling slightly at the corner of his mouth.

"Who are you?"

"Middle stage of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals?" The Blood Demon King said in disbelief.

"Nothing is impossible." Xiao Yan said calmly.

Even today's Xiao Yan can smell the aura that surpasses him from the Blood Demon King in front of him. That is the murderous aura that can only be possessed by a battle-hardened true powerhouse!

"Xiao Yan?" Looking at Xiao Yan's figure in the distance, the Demon King couldn't help roaring violently.

"It seems that your subordinates also have an amazing guy." The Demon King of Thousand Flowers nodded lightly.

"Little chops!"

"It's a good thing for me, let this king die!" Seeing Xiao Yan's disgusting expression, the Blood Demon King roared, his palm suddenly raised, and he slapped violently at Xiao Yan's place.

"Strong attack... If you continue like this, you may be completely destroyed by this blow." At this moment, the little guinea pig surprisingly did not enter Xiao Yan's body, and stood on Xiao Yan's shoulder in a deep voice.

"Yeah...but there is no other choice, isn't it?" Xiao Yan smiled lightly, and the smile on the corner of his mouth instantly solidified, and the boundless killing intent spread out.

"Fire explosion!"

"Dragon God's first change, second change, third change!"

"Fighting Soul!"

"Immortal armor defense armor!" He used four methods in a row, trying to resist the blood-colored giant palm.

"Bang bang bang." The blood-colored giant palm came slowly towards Xiao Yan with the exclusive power of the late-stage Eight-Star Dou Xian. The monstrous blood-colored storm and countless **** seas caused along the way put Xiao Yan in a real hell. Among them, this level of power is enough to make Xiao Yan feel the breath of death at zero distance.

"Bang Bang Bang!" With a sound, the attack came instantly.

Xiao Yan only felt that his body was dragged into a unique space, and he was executed and judged!

"Boom!" The deafening voice resounded in his ears, Xiao Yan only felt that the corners of his eyes suddenly became heavy, and he wanted to gently close his eyes to try his best to make himself comfortable.

"That's it... Is it over?" The **** aura around Xiao Yan completely replaced his vindictive energy and flames, as if he would be completely submerged in this blow in the next moment.

"Devil... transform!" Xiao Yan said softly as if he didn't want to use this energy. At the same time, the demon cube in his body jumped happily like a very excited child, and the cube instantly enlarged. Circles of extremely evil demonic energy ripples, centered on the soul realm, completely vented towards Xiao Yan's body!

At the same time, Xiao Yan's deep demon bloodline, which had been suppressed and hidden, erupted uncontrollably like bamboo shoots after a rain.

"You've done a great job, little one."

"Let these shameless people see the power of our Xiao family!"

"Let them echo, the fear of being dominated in the ancient times!" Just as the demon blood was about to emerge, a loving old voice slowly exploded in Xiao Yan's mind.

Although the voice is extremely old and old, Xiao Yan has no doubts about the supreme power behind this voice.

That power is definitely not comparable to reincarnation, and it can even be said unceremoniously, that kind of power seems to have surpassed reincarnation, reaching a brand new state of supremacy!

That voice slowly flickered out from Xiao Yan's forehead when Xiao Yan suffered a great change. At the same time, the originally extremely fanatical demon blood and demon cube did not dare to have any disobedience, and quietly crawled. Be quiet.

"What's wrong... What kind of power is this?" The scarlet sea of ​​blood rolled around violently, the blood-colored storm and the sound of scarlet blood roared away at Xiao Yan, but when it approached Xiao Yan's body, it suddenly stopped.

On Xiao Yan's forehead, there was a gleam of white light, and at the same time, a trace of ancient lines from the past and the present slowly appeared on Xiao Yan's forehead. Under the light of the white halo, it was extremely sacred. !

Unrivaled!

"That is……"

"The power of the Xiao family's clan lines?"

"This guy is actually a descendant of Xiao Yan?"

"Xiao Clan Xiao Yan... No wonder." At this moment, the Demon King of Ten Thousand Flowers and the Demon King of Ten Thousand Flowers spoke in shock at the same time.

"impossible!"

"The Xiao family has not been completely destroyed, how can there be descendants?"

"How is it possible to have the most orthodox bloodline of the Xiao family?"

"How is it possible to have the power of clan marks?" At this moment, the original arrogance of the Blood Demon King disappeared completely, and thick clouds of blood wrapped around his body, and he did not care about the Ten Thousand Demon Kings. The speed skyrocketed, and it flew towards the edge of the town demon prison.

"Those who disobey the Xiao clan... deserve to be killed." An old voice, like a loving old man, emanated from Xiao Yan's forehead, and an extremely terrifying wave suddenly swept out.

"Hey!" After the breath, Xiao Yan's slightly closed eyes and eyebrows, a trace of white energy, gently swept out, after a while, like a world-annihilating beam, shaking violently, it instantly turned into a very gentle white The arc of light whizzed away towards the blood demon king's escape route.

"Ahhh!"

"Impossible!" At this moment, the blood demon king's pupils shrank violently, and his body instantly solidified. At this moment, he was easily pierced by this white light arc!

"Bang bang bang!" After the white arc of light pierced through the blood demon king , it exploded directly, not giving the blood demon king any chance to react.

In the blink of an eye, the blood demon king at the late stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals was wiped out by the power of Xiao Yan's clan pattern!

At this time, Xiao Yan seemed to have entered some kind of special meditation, and he didn't know what happened, but he could clearly feel that the crisis outside had been lifted, and even when the power of the clan lines burst out, the blood of the Xiao clan in his body , completely boiled up!

At this time, a white light arc stood silently between Xiao Yan's eyebrows, and the light arc completely filled the eyebrows above Xiao Yan's eyes.

That arc of light outlines countless white lines, like the meticulous carving of a god's residence, pushing Xiao Yan's breath to a real peak, and it seems to have been standing upright, slowly closing, and even...disappearing.

It's just that the old voice that just emerged from this clan's pattern is unshakable like a god's mansion that surpasses the great world.