Chapter 357: Xiaoshou's scheming!

"damn it!"

"This beast actually becomes more and more brave the more he fights!"

"But this space is extremely weird. I can't use my Dou Emperor body, and my Dou Qi can't be recovered..." Xiaoshou was also panting violently, and then said.

Xiaoshou's two brothers and sisters have also spent a lot of time fighting with the silver dragon. If the strength of the two of them is not good, I am afraid they will be beaten to death by the silver dragon!

"Damn it, it seems that the silver dragon is ready to go all out..." Xiaoshou also noticed that the breakthrough of the silver dragon in front of him had stopped, and then the next moment, the strength of a seven-star fighting emperor level also slowly radiated. , this fluctuation seems to be a powerful attack.

"I can't resist!"

"Run separately!" Xiao Shou also snorted coldly, and then pushed his sister Da Fatty away impressively.

"Boom boom boom!" The huge silver faucet also slowly impacted away, mixed with the power of destroying the sky and destroying the earth.

"For the sake of your usefulness..." The next moment, the space of the Nine Fish Playing Dragon Formation also slowly wriggled. In a breath, a black cloak walked out of the wriggling space. A mysterious figure wearing a black hat!

With the appearance of this figure with a jet-black cloak, the entire space trembled slightly.

"Go!" After the jet-black figure appeared, he also raised the cracked palm hidden in the black cloak, and slowly swung it towards the silver dragon that was mixed with the aura of annihilation!

"Shabu Shabu!" After encountering the power of the pitch-black figure, the silver dragon's silver fighting qi force retreated like a small fire encountering a huge flood!

"Death!" The next moment, the dark figure did not withdraw his hand, and he increased the fighting qi in his palm, and the dark fighting qi slowly entangled towards the silver dragon!

In the pitch-black fighting qi, there was a faint flame burning outside the fighting qi.

"Hoohoho!" Yinlong's voice was full of anger!

The two people in front of them just controlled it. As members of the dragon family, their arrogant nature will not let them forget this shame!

This shame must be quelled by killing the two people in front of him!

The silver dragon became angry, and then the one-patterned goldfish, the two-patterned goldfish and the nine-patterned goldfish also slowly exuded a larger golden brilliance, and then the strands poured into the silver dragon's body.

"It's stubborn." The dark figure also snorted coldly, and then squeezed his palm tightly, and the jet-black Dou Qi flames surrounding the silver dragon burst out instantly!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations also permeated this space.

A few breaths passed, the center of the explosion was also in a mess, and then the silver dragon lost its luster and returned to the tray!

At this time, Yinlong's pupils also disappeared, and the goldfish with one pattern to nine patterned goldfish slowly surrounded him.

"You run fast." The dark figure also snorted coldly, and then stopped looking at the silver dragon.

"My lord..." Xiaoshou knew something vaguely when he first saw the dark figure, so this lord gave the silver dragon, which is comparable to the perfection level of the seven-star Dou Di of human beings. After defeating him, he knelt down instantly.

"Get up."

"I can't blame you for that." The pitch-black figure also slowly swept over the silver dragon tray and said.

"Sir, the three people from Burning Incense Pavilion have already entered the Xuanling Emperor Pond..." Xiaoshou also said slightly.

"Humph!"

"A guy who has more than enough success!" After the pitch-black figure finished speaking, he kicked Xiaoshou out a few meters away.

"Brother..." Upon seeing this, Fatty Da glanced at the jet-black figure extremely angrily, then quickly ran over to help Xiaoshou up.

"Sir..." Xiaoshou also knew that the life and death of the two of them were entirely in this person's hands, so he swallowed his anger and did not attack.

"Go away." After the dark figure finished speaking, he didn't take it seriously, and then waved it casually, and a space appeared next to the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation.

"Thank you, sir!" Seeing this, Xiaoshou also felt relieved, and then pulled himself to death and rushed straight into the space passage.

"Haha, Solomon's seventh sect master, one day I, Xiaoshou, will make you kneel at my feet!" When Xiaoshou left, he secretly swore in his heart.

"King Xuanling is really confused. It's too much of a fuss to ask me to come for such a small group of three people." After the dark figure finished speaking, he slowly sat down with his legs crossed.

"But it doesn't matter. This time, the three most outstanding disciples have been damaged. Let's see how you will fight against the Xuanling royal family this time."

"Since you can't get in, stay here and wait. The day you come out will be the time of your death." After the dark figure finished speaking, the entire space returned to calm.

"It seems to be weird here..." Xiao Yan's voice also slowly appeared in the forbidden area.

At this time, Xiao Yan and his master Jinlong King have almost entered the core area of ​​the forbidden area!

The two of them did not encounter any strange things along the way, but what made Xiao Yan questioned was that the further back the forbidden area was, the stronger the power seemed, as if there was an invisible force suppressing Xiao Yan , the heart is shaking violently.

Xiao Yan looked around, and there were several extremely small water currents slowly flowing out from it, as if they were only as thick as an arm!

Xiao Yan counted it carefully, and there were seven numbers!

"Although I don't know the function of these seven small water currents, I think they are of great use..."

"Things that can flow out of this core area are definitely not ordinary things." Xiao Yan also muttered, and the next moment Xiao Yan also looked around, and then slowly squatted down, Extend an index finger and slowly probe towards one of the rivers!

"嘁偁嘁!" Just after Xiao Yan's fingers touched the colorless and transparent river water, an indescribable feeling of comfort filled his body.

"It's so comfortable..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but speak.

That kind of feeling, it seems that the whole body has been baptized, without the participation of any impurities, the purest baptism!

"Haha, it looks like we've come right." The Golden Dragon King also smiled slowly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan also responded. Obviously, Yu Xuan had said before that in this forbidden area, the location of the meteorite is in the core area of ​​the forbidden area. However, this forbidden area has many changes, and few ordinary people can enter it.

The only way to tell whether it is close to the core area is the purity of the river water!

The purer the river water is, which means that you are getting closer and closer to the core area!

"Where is the core area..." Xiao Yan was also staring at a space not far away, although the smoke was shrouded in smoke and he couldn't see the distance, but Xiao Yan could vaguely guess where It is the place where the seven rivers flow, and it should be the real treasure!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

At the same time, in Xiao Yan's acceptance of the ring, something was exuding an extremely hot wave, as if there was something that attracted it from the forbidden area.

Ask for tickets!