Chapter 300: Xiao Yan vs. Li Ji of 5-star Dou Di!

"Humph!"

"Stubborn!" Li Ji also snorted coldly and looked at Xiao Yan in front of him.

I don't know why, even with Li Ji's strength in the early days of the Five-Star Dou Di, looking at the man with a heavy ruler in front of him, he would feel a sense of fear in his heart.

"I'm fighting with people, and I don't like being slow. Since I'm a man, I'll fight to the end." Li Ji also said, and it can be seen that Li Ji is not a soft-hearted person.

"It's exactly what I want." Xiao Yan also showed a strange smile at the corner of his mouth, and then looked at Li Ji.

At this time, in the hall, the four Mu Yingying also retreated, and the other registered disciples also retreated to the edge of the hall, leaving enough space for the two of them to fight.

"Brother Xiao Yan, be careful, I'm going to attack." After Li Ji finished speaking, she didn't wait for Xiao Yan to respond, her figure was like a ghost, and instantly attacked where Xiao Yan was.

Holding the halberd in his right hand, he moved quickly, and as expected, the momentum of the Five-Star Dou Emperor's initial stage was fully displayed.

"This Li Ji's halberd seems a little weird." When Xiao Yan was fighting, he spread the huge soul power in this hall, so Li Ji's every move could not escape Xiao Yan's perception.

Li Ji is more dangerous. After all, although Li Ji is a strong man in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, his soul power is too weak, so he didn't take it seriously, and more importantly, he didn't find that it had already spread all over the hall. soul power.

Long before the battle started, Li Ji's keen intuition was that there seemed to be some other powers in the hall, but Li Ji's soul power was quite limited, so he couldn't find it.

In the face of Li Ji's attack, Xiao Yan did not dare to hesitate. After all, this Li Ji was also a genuine five-star Dou Emperor early stage powerhouse.

At the same time, Xiao Yan also moved.

First, the aura of the whole body soared, and the strength was raised to the extreme, the strength of the middle stage of the four-star fighting emperor.

Immediately, he was enveloped in milky white flames, and then he instantly took off the Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler behind him.

Just after taking off the ancient ruler of different fire, a deafening dragon roar echoed in the hall.

"Oh……"

"This ruler is not simple, and there is a ruler spirit. This kid named Xiao Yan is really surprising." The old man above the hall said to himself slightly, and then his eyes were also slightly watching the battle in the hall. .

"I also want to see whether the first place who killed the twin ghost emperors is as terrifying as rumored, so that resources can be allocated in the future."

"Xiao Yan, if you can't defeat Li Ji in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, then your first place will have a lot of water, and it is impossible to say that the allocation of your cultivation resources will also be reduced in the future."

"Since my Fenxiang Pavilion has cultivated disciples, it will only cultivate geniuses who are amazing and look up to, not ordinary people. This is also the reason why my Fenxiang Pavilion has the smallest number of disciples among the nine super sects."

"But even if it is the least, the overall strength of our Fenxiang Pavilion is enough to rank in the top three of these nine super sects." Mu Xuzi also spoke slowly.

With Xiao Yan's huge soul power, he naturally knew what Mu Xuzi said, but it was strange to say that, Xiao Yan always felt that Mu Xuzi said it to him on purpose.

At this time, in the battle circle in the main hall, the two are quite close, and the battle is about to start!

Xiao Yan is surrounded by a fire dragon on the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and that is Long Yi. Long Yi has been warming up in the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng these days, and his strength has recovered a lot, but he was warned by the Golden Dragon King. He didn't give Xiao Yan much help, after all, Xiao Yan still had to walk a lot.

However, since this Long Yi became the ruler of the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler, Xiao Yan is using the Yihuo Heng Ancient Ruler, and his power is undoubtedly much stronger than before!

"Shabu!" Yi Huo Heng Gu Chi and the halberd mercilessly merged together, Li Ji and Xiao Yan simultaneously mobilized all the fighting qi into their weapons.

The reason why the two didn't use a powerful attack in the first place was because they were testing each other. After all, they could easily win by exerting their mighty power after they had figured out the details of each other.

After all, the two are not enemies of life and death, and there is no need to use the means of killing each other as soon as they meet.

Otherwise, if you use the power of thunder from the very beginning and waste your grudge, it is easy for the opponent to detect the flaws.

"Haha, brother Xiao Yan is really extraordinary. The strength of the four-star Dou Emperor in the middle stage is comparable to mine. This really makes me ashamed." Li Ji also held the halberd tightly with both hands, and his body was full of fighting spirit. Injecting it into the halberd, the halberd burst into a dazzling silver light, trying to resist Xiao Yan's attack, but on its forehead, many beads of sweat also appeared, obviously dealing with Xiao Yan's seemingly simple strange fire. The ruler is quite laborious.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan on the other side also showed a relaxed feeling. He held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire with both hands, and then his pupils stared at Li Ji in front of him, and there were some smiles in the corners of his mouth.

"If it wasn't for these people being the registered disciples of the Fenxiang Pavilion, Xiao Yan at this time was using a Huangquan Heavenly Fury soul attack, and at the moment when Li Ji was stagnant, he was using the power of a thunder attack, then this Li Ji's end would be extremely bleak. "

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's just that Xiao Yan didn't do that. After all, Li Ji also made a lot of contributions to Burning Incense Pavilion."

"Brother Li doesn't seem to be able to hold on anymore?" Xiao Yan also joked while watching Li Ji, who had retreated from the enchantment.

"Hmph, nonsense!" Li Ji was also furious when she heard the words, and then the fighting qi in her body also increased to the extreme, and then she snorted coldly.

However, I was extremely surprised that such a small act of mine was discovered by this kid.

The halberd erupted with a monstrous aura, and then forcibly retreated Xiao Yan's ancient ruler of strange fire.

However, Xiao Yan did not suffer any damage. After Li Ji retreated, he took a few steps back to stabilize his body. At this time, his body was rolling violently.

In addition to fighting spirit, the more important thing is mentality.

He Li Ji is also a strong player in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, how could it be so difficult to deal with a hair-headed boy in the middle stage of the Four-Star Dou Emperor?

It seemed like a simple collision just now, but Li Ji knew in his heart that Xiao Yan, who seemed to have only the mid-stage strength of the four-star Dou Di, would definitely not be as simple as the surface!

Maybe it was Xiao Yan who killed the twin ghost emperors!

At this time, Li Ji already had the desire to retreat.

"Damn I really don't believe in this evil!" Li Ji also said slowly, and then temporarily suppressed the fear in his heart.

"Come again!" After speaking, he also activated his fighting qi, attached to the halberd in his hand, and then attacked Xiao Yan Zaidu.

"Bang bang bang!" The halberd emitting silver light and the strange fire eternal ancient ruler surrounded by milky white flame energy and an illusory fiery red dragon viciously intersected together!

This time, Xiao Yan was not giving Li Ji a chance to breathe. The huge soul force communicated with Long Yi, as if they were discussing something.

The next moment, a strange scene appeared.

I saw that the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng and the war halberd collided at this time, but the fiery red dragon above the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng forcibly overflowed from the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng, and moved towards Li Ji's hand. Go with the halberd!

"Damn bastard!" Seeing this, Li Ji cursed loudly!

Because Li Ji discovered at this time that the fiery red dragon creature had a rather powerful aura, besides that, what surprised Li Ji even more was that.

When the fiery red dragon on the ancient ruler of the different fire came to the battle halberd in his hand, the huge silver ray of fighting energy above the halberd was instantly swallowed by the fiery red dragon without a drop!

At the same time, Li Ji's face became extremely ugly!

Four shifts are here!

Ask for tickets!

Ask for a reward, ask for a recommendation ticket, ask for a monthly pass!

Those who have money will support the money field, and those who have no money will support the ticket field. All of you, Crab Crab, support!