Chapter Vol 4 1836: Break the game, the emperor appears!

On the other side, Xiao Yan was still on his way to the emperor's bedroom, inside the emperor's bedroom.

"My lord, Prince Lin Fengya's subordinates have all been wiped out, and all the guards belong to us, but it seems that there are still many strong souls coming here one after another. Judging by the number of people, we will definitely not be their opponents. ."

"Look..." At this time, outside the huge palace, dozens of vigorous guards quickly emerged, and above the top, Lin Feng's body appeared here, his eyes only staring at the depths of the palace, extremely hot , Lin Feng was surrounded by a black-robed figure, and that black figure revealed an extremely terrifying fluctuation invisibly, like a martial **** who ignored the disputes in the world, looking down on the world.

"Buy me some time,"

"In front is the emperor's bedroom. The emperor has already been tortured by that beast Lin Fengya. It's better to die. Once the adults take action, our plan will be completely successful. Please, please." Lin Feng said, his body slightly bent, yes He respected the figure wrapped in black robe beside him.

Even if the emperor is seriously ill, only the power of the Holy See can obliterate the power of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals.

Even Lin Feng doesn't know the specific identity and strength of this guy. He can only know that this guy is loyal to the wandering angel Mekal. He is the most elite powerhouse under his command. It appeared in her eyes, so she sent such a messenger to do things for her.

But for Lin Feng, it doesn't matter. As long as the emperor is dead, with the remaining half of the military power in the emperor's hands, as well as the huge army behind him and the help of the Holy See, the entire Tianxing Continent will also become within easy reach. Fei's resources, but compared with the huge Tianxing Continent, Lin Feng can only bite his teeth and cut his flesh.

"Let's go, prince, I hope you haven't forgotten your agreement with our parade angel." A cold snort came from under the black robe, and there was some lightness in the voice, even looking at Lin Feng's body, helpless He shook his head, as if looking at a dying person.

There was nothing in the bedroom, but it gave him extremely tyrannical oppression, which was fed back by the keen light attribute of the Holy See powerhouse.

"Hehe, that's natural." After the two of them said, they also walked towards the bedroom, and they suddenly regained their calm.

The emperor's bedroom is located on the top of the mountain. The whole is like a piece of pure jade with crystal silver and antimony. It contains a very noble and luxurious atmosphere. There are four halls in the bedroom, which are the emperor's library, training ground, tea house and welcoming guests. building.

The four palaces are opposed to each other as a whole, and the center, surrounded by the four palaces, is the bedroom that looks like a huge palace building.

The atmosphere in the bedroom was quiet and elegant, and the entire bedroom was extremely quiet, without any anger.

The dormitory stands in the center of the manor, surrounded by dozens of stairs, going up, surrounded by splendid gold and blue, and a group of menacing stone beasts guarding the four directions.

"Father, my son is here to see you." At this time, there were no guards in the palace. Obviously, many of the guards guarding the palace had been secretly bought by Lin Feng. Feng and the Holy See powerhouse walked towards the palace step by step.

"My lord, I caught a suspicious person!" Just as Lin Feng and the two walked to the stairs below the palace, several guards brought a delicate woman into their sight.

"Lin Yunshu?" Lin Feng was surprised when he saw this.

"You didn't die?" After a while, Lin Feng wondered when he saw the large and small scars on Lin Yunshu's body.

At the altar at that time, the combined power of Soul Jianghai and Lin Fengya was heart-stopping. Even a powerhouse of this level did not obliterate the princess. There was something extraordinary about this guy.

"Lin Feng!"

"You colluded with foreign parties and murdered your father, you are really worse than a beast!" Lin Yunshu's breath fluctuated violently, obviously he had just spent a lot of vindictive energy for the sake of the fast soul hall powerhouse. Under siege, defeated.

"Winning the king or defeating the bandit, Wang Mei should save it." After saying that, Lin Feng did not waste too much time on Lin Yunshu. The most important thing at the moment is to obliterate the emperor. As long as the soldier seal is obtained, the remaining 50% of the army will be exhausted. to myself.

At that time, Lin Feng, who controls 80% of the strength of the Sky Star Continent, would be hard-pressed not to win. As for Lin Fengya, he was an ambitious lunatic from beginning to end. Unfortunately, this kind of guy would fall into his own hands.

"Whoosh!" Lin Feng's voice just fell, and in the bedroom above the stairs, a majestic energy spread uncontrollably like energy ripples from the inside.

"This is..." It seemed like a weak force, but when it affected the powerhouse of the Holy See, the guy's face hidden under the black robe shrank violently, as if he had encountered something that scared him.

"what happened?"

"You, open the door for me!" Lin Feng felt a chill in his heart because of this, and he kicked a sudden step forward, kicking a janitor forward towards the gate of the bedroom.

"Hehe, Feng'er, you and Feng Ya are really disappointing to me." Just as the imperial guards were about to hit the solid wall of the dormitory, a mighty vindictive energy seemed to be just awakened from a deep sleep. Dragon, sweeping away.

Before the words were finished, a thin middle-aged man with fierce eyes slowly supported an old man with white hair, even an old man with no blood and blood, like a dying person, and walked out of the palace. came out.

"Father...Father?"

"Are you all right?"

"It's great that you're all right Lin Fengya's rebellion tried to deprive the entire Tianxing Continent, my son is here to save you!" At this moment, Lin Feng looked at the lifelike figure of the emperor in front of him, his blood was boiling, The coercion of the emperors from the same vein was vividly displayed at this time, and he couldn't help but kneel down with his legs weak.

No one knows the strength of the emperor better than Lin Feng. The strength of the emperor was called the first person among the seven stars when he was still in the early stage of the Seven Star Fighting Immortals!

In the early days of the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals, the Seven Stars Fighting Immortals were completely annihilated. In addition, he led the Tianxing Continent to wipe out many resistance forces. The name of the emperor is truly at home.

"It turned out to be sacrificing others to fulfill himself. The emperor of the dignified Star Continent is nothing more than that." Seeing Lin Feng's fearful appearance, the Holy See powerhouse's eyes stayed on the body of the shriveled old man, and he said after a while. .

That is Yuan Shou, although it is not very clear, but at this time, Yuan Shou's vitality and even strength are quickly retreating.

"Your Majesty, my subordinates leave." At this moment, the body of the old man beside the emperor slowly returned. Over time, it turned into a pile of dust and dissipated between heaven and earth.

"Yuan Shou, you will always be the hero of our Tianxing Continent."

"The Holy See powerhouse is here, let's do it, otherwise even if an angel comes today, I'm afraid you won't be able to get away in an instant."

"Being involved in the housework of my Star Continent must be washed with blood." The emperor looked at the figure in black robe expressionlessly, but the monstrous murderous intent contained in his voice was stopped by the man.

That power is definitely not something that Seven Star Douxian can possess!

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated on Novel.com, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: () The Emperor of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.