Chapter Vol 4 1586: Half realm, lovesickness flame realm!

"Whoosh..."

"Finally, the four-star Dou Xian early stage!" Suddenly, as the pink space returned to normal, Xiao Yan smiled contentedly.

Today's self, relying on the strength of the four-star Dou Xian early stage and the power of flames, is extremely easy to deal with the general middle-stage four-star Dou Xian, and even some powerhouses in the late four-star Dou Xian are not a problem.

As for the wood attribute fighting skills that Xiao Yan just displayed, it is a scroll he obtained before. Xiao Yan has learned it a long time ago, but he did not use it to hide it. Four-star Douxian perfection powerhouse.

"Now, in the early stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal, coupled with the mysterious effect of the swallowing flame technique, I can temporarily reach the peak of the late Four-Star Fighting Immortal. If I fight against Ling Yu, I will also have the power to fight." Xiao Yan sensed the power in his body. Immediately laughed.

"Hey...Little guy, is this enough?" After the breath, the body of the Soul Eater floated directly out, and said with a smug smile.

"Teacher, what do you mean by this... Could it be that the disciples are trying hard to cultivate and are ready to throw some treasures for me at will?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help joking.

"Cough...what are you thinking?"

"On the way of cultivation, you still have to rely on yourself to go step by step." The Master of Soul Eater heard the words, coughed to cover up his embarrassment, and immediately said solemnly.

"..." Xiao Yan felt helpless when he heard the words. Obviously, this Soul Eater is the master of a domain, how could he be so stingy.

"But... there are some things, I believe you will be interested." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater said in a voice full of pride.

"What?" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he suddenly became puzzled. Now, he has already swallowed the Acacia Fruit and Douxian Pill. It seems that there is nothing here that will interest him. At best, it is the spirit of the Acacia tree. The lord and that guy didn't know each other, so Xiao Yan probably couldn't count on it.

"Summon your two holy flames and the great heavenly seed."

"Then look at your holy flame space." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Crash!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, he seemed to have noticed something. The two holy flames and the Great Heavenly Seed flames were directly exposed to the void. The khaki-colored Fire Heart Heavenly Rock and the cyan ghost-faced soul flames just appeared. However, after some battles, it was Ghost Face and Soul Flame who had the upper hand. Obviously, the gap between the two was not a little bit. It's just a fight between gods and gods, I can't afford it.

"The Holy Flame Space... Come out to me!" The next moment, watching three flames emerge, Xiao Yan was trying to call out the Holy Flame Space through the connection of his mind.

"..." As Xiao Yan's voice fell, there was only deathly silence in response to Xiao Yan.

"How is this going?"

"The Holy Flame Space, come out for me!" Xiao Yan shouted in a hurry, but unfortunately, no matter how Xiao Yan opened his mouth, the Holy Flame Space never appeared.

"Strange, I can clearly sense the sacred flame space in my body, why can't I summon it?"

"Could it be because of the Acacia tree?" Xiao Yan wondered.

"No, try again." After a while, the Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"Come out for me." Xiao Yan immediately said anxiously when he heard this.

In a short while, a devouring force emerged in Xiao Yan's body, and immediately devoured every trace of holy flame in Xiao Yan's body.

"Boom!" Not knowing whether he was provoked or threatened, in this pink space, a khaki-colored barrier suddenly appeared all over Xiao Yan's body!

And this khaki-colored special space similar to the enchantment just emerged, and suddenly a very strong sense of danger emerged quietly.

"Shabu Shabu!" This barrier filled with khaki flames had just emerged, and Xiao Yan suddenly realized that he actually had absolute control, and suddenly questioned in disbelief.

"This is... a barrier?" Xiao Yan said in disbelief.

The enchantment is a method used by some strong people, which can temporarily cover a certain space, so as to achieve the point of killing people silently.

"Bastard!"

"This is the domain!" Suddenly, an angry voice suddenly emerged.

"Domain?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils shrank tightly, and a shock appeared in his heart!

"Although this is not your real field, it is enough."

"After you cast the domain, your power is favored and blessed by the domain, and the enemy's power is restricted and suppressed by the domain. It can be said without hesitation that you, at this time, are afraid that under the Five-Star Dou Xian, unless there are very few abnormal existences, otherwise It is invincible." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"I remember you said, teacher, that the realm is divided into the prototype of the realm, the half realm and the real realm. I don't know what level I belong to." Xiao Yan said with great joy.

"It should belong to a half-field... and the prototype of your field is the holy flame space of Huoxin Tianyan, so in the future, you will need to integrate other holy flames into it. I am afraid that the power will be shocking enough." The Lord of Soul Eater is quite said enviously.

"Teacher, in my domain, in addition to the source power of Huoxin Tianyan, it seems that there are other powers." After a while, Xiao Yan checked and found that there were other powers in this domain.

"What power?" The Soul Eater asked.

"The power of love." After the breath, Xiao waved his hand, and suddenly a pink energy suddenly appeared in the domain, and looking at the appearance, this power of love has been controlled by Xiao Yan with ease.

"The power of Acacia is mysterious and unpredictable. What power it has, you still need to slowly discover it."

"But your domain is not only a fire domain, but also contains the power of lovesickness. Why don't you take the opportunity to give it a name." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"The sacred flame space of Fire Heart Tianyan is formed as a prototype... the power of love..."

"Why don't you just call..."

"Acacia Flame Territory." After a while, Xiao Yan's palm gently touched the Holy Flame Heart on his chest When the name blurted out, the Holy Flame Heart also burst out with a very happy emotion. .

"Acacia Flame Domain..."

"Acacia is accompanied, the realm of flames, not bad."

"In your field now, not only can you use the dazzling flames of Fire Heart Tianyan and the manipulation of rocks, but in the future, it is estimated that you can also use the power of other holy flames by integrating other holy flames."

"The so-called realm is a single attribute and the use of power. This is the first time I have seen your realm. I don't know if it is a blessing or a curse." The Lord of Soul Eater said with mixed feelings.

The joy is that Xiao Yan's power after the integration of Sheng Yan's power in the future is likely to be enough to reach the top of the Great Thousand World. The worry is that if Xiao Yan is captured by the enemy, once this sky-defying domain falls into the hands of others, then The consequences could be disastrous.

"Teacher, don't worry."

"The strength that I have cultivated will be used on the right path." Xiao Yan said softly, but his voice contained a touch of confidence that ordinary people could not describe.

"That's good." The Lord of Soul Eater grinned when he heard the words.

"In this way, it seems that I have found a treasure this time." Xiao Yan heard the words, and a smile slowly appeared on the corner of his mouth. He could not have imagined that this time, a half-field would be born by accident, and although this is only a half-field, it will be in the future. Combining many holy flames, I am afraid it will become a top-level field. When the field comes out, who will compete!