Chapter 368: Steal the beam and change the column!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying afterglow of the Dragon God's Claw is also extremely terrifying, but fortunately, at the moment when the power erupted, the golden dragon put a layer of golden vindictive shackles on several people, so it also saved several people from such terrifying Fluctuations, otherwise, the women at this time, Long Yi and Xiao Yan are unable to withstand such terrifying power, and I am afraid that the end will be extremely miserable.

However, the rather peculiar broken space originally had a radius of ten meters, but now after the terrifying blow of the Golden Dragon King that contained the dragon claws, half of the range was lost, and only five meters were suppressed abruptly. Scope!

"It's a pity that it's only in the state of the soul, otherwise, it would be easy to destroy this broken space with a single blow." The Golden Dragon King also sighed.

In this regard, Xiao Yan has no doubts. After all, the Golden Dragon King is the most powerful person in the dragon family except the Dragon God. I am afraid that the Dragon God's claw is so terrifying just in the state of its soul. If it has a body and regains its strength, Xiao Yan also has no doubts that the dragon claws of his master, the Golden Dragon King, are probably enough to kill an immortal warrior!

"Gugugu..." The plants in the five-meter broken space also seemed to be quite afraid of the invincible power of the Golden Dragon King, and they also showed a hint of fear.

But the strangest thing is that those plants were severely damaged in an instant after being hit by the afterglow of the Golden Dragon King's dragon claws, but the next moment, they were also growing again!

With such a terrifying vitality, even the Golden Dragon King smacked his tongue secretly.

It's just that the strange thing is that even in the face of such a terrifying blow from the Golden Dragon King, the Origin of Life Stone did not fluctuate at all.

It's as solid as a rock!

"Take advantage of it now!" Before the afterglow had disappeared, a roar also appeared behind Xiao Yan.

Bai Xiaoyan also nodded his head. He was very pleased that his master, the Golden Dragon King, had bought so much time for him. The next moment, his pupils became dignified!

Because Bai Xiaoyan knew that at this time, the real drama had just begun!

Once you succeed, you can also retire...

But once you fail, you will be in hell!

The difference between the two can be described as a world of difference!

However, Xiao Yan was too busy to think about this. The huge fighting qi gathered into the wriggling space, and the next moment, in the broken space, the space around the Origin of Life was also slowly wriggling!

The space around the Origin of Life was just wriggling, and the plants on the ground suddenly turned around, as if they had a very high level of intelligence, and then a faint breath instantly locked the wriggling space, and then , the locked aura in the wriggling space also fed back into the white Xiao Yan's soul realm.

"damn it!"

"That's too late!"

"Do it!" Bai Xiaoyan also discovered these terrifying plants, and then he couldn't care about it anymore. Just after the information was passed out, in the space around the source of life, a palm appeared out of thin air, and then the next moment, also Suddenly swiped at the source of life stone!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

The palm at this time was the black Xiao Yan's palm. At this time, an extremely hot milky white flame was also slowly wrapping it.

The next moment, the palm also moved towards the vicious claws where the source of life stone was!

"Shabu!" In a breath, the palm filled with milky white flames also instantly came to the void where the source of life stone is!

Then he grabbed the latter viciously!

"Bang bang bang!" As soon as the blow fell in the air, the flame around the milky white flame palm disappeared instantly, apparently shattered by the mysterious power in the shattered space!

"damn it!"

"What a terrifying power!" The next moment, that terrifying feeling was also fed back to Bai Xiao Yan from the palm of his hand.

That power seems to be the mysterious power in this broken space, but Xiao Yan can't tell what kind of power it is, but the only thing that is certain is that the power of this power is far from his current self. Confrontable.

As the milky white flame on the palm disappeared, the next moment, a heart-piercing pain appeared on the palm, and a feeling of being torn apart also emanated from the bottom of my heart!

At this time, the white Xiao Yan also felt the same aura from the palm of the black Xiao Yan, so his pupils shrank tightly: "At this time, you can't give up!"

As soon as Bai Xiao Yan gritted his teeth, an extremely huge vindictive aura instantly poured into the squirming space.

Bai Xiaoyan knows that the mysterious power of this broken space will directly tear the palm of his black soul avatar in the next moment, so he does not hesitate to spend a huge amount of fighting energy to protect the palm!

Because Bai Xiao Yan, with his huge soul power and milky white flame power, can barely resist the mysterious power in this broken space!

The next moment, that power also emerged from the wriggling space around the Origin of Life, and then suddenly injected into the palm.

With the injection of a huge amount of fighting qi, the palm that was about to be unable to support it also regained a different look.

"Why can't I take it away..." After Bai Xiaoyan finished all this, he also quickly calculated in his heart!

Just now, the palm of his soul avatar had clearly touched the source of life stone, how could he not be able to take it away?

That kind of feeling, as if penetrating the past out of thin air!

It shouldn't be!

This is the same space How could this be...

After a short thought, Bai Xiaoyan also found that the huge fighting qi above the palm was rapidly weakening. Once the fighting qi disappeared, the palm could not escape the end of turning into powder!

"Xiao Yan!"

"The Origin of Life Stone is the switch of the entire Xuanling Emperor Pond, and you can't take it away just by relying on you!"

"Replace it with something!" The Golden Dragon King's voice also echoed in this space outside.

"Replace..." The next moment, White Xiao Yan also had an idea, and a wooden stick slowly appeared in Xiao Yan's hand.

This wooden stick was something that Xiao Yan casually found by his side!

"Go!" With a flick of the finger, the wooden stick also flew into the wriggling void.

The next moment, he also suddenly appeared in the squirming space around the Originium of Life!

The black-and-white photo shows the two of them as one. Black Xiao Yan also instantly understood the meaning of Xiao Yan, and then the next moment, the palm also turned around out of thin air, the wooden stick, and without hesitation, headed towards the place where the Origin of Life Stone was!

He held the wooden stick with his fingers and walked towards the Origin of Life!

"Bang Bang Bang!" Wherever the palm passed, the Origin of Life Stone and the round object under it were instantly taken away by the huge palm...

All that was left was the stick hanging in the place where the Origin of Life should have existed.

The space inside and outside the broken space was squirming, and it returned to calm.

Ask for tickets!