Chapter Vol 4 951: Weak Xiao Mu!

"Damn people of the Xiao clan, one person escaped from such a fortified place in the center of the human world. It seems that if the Xiao clan is not eradicated, we will have no peace for a day." Beneath a dead tree in the forest of death, A man with an eagle face in gorgeous clothes couldn't help saying.

"The World Lord of the Human World is really a lunatic. It's not good to provoke anyone, but he has to provoke the Xiao Clan."

"Although the Xiao Clan has offended many people in the entire Great Thousand World, at the same time they have also captured the trust of many powerful people. If they knew the plans of those guys in the center of the Human World, they would probably do whatever it takes to destroy the Human World. Those guys in the center are going to perish."

"But forget it, things at that level are obviously not something I can imagine."

"It's better to arrest Xiao Mu and go back." The man slowly muttered to himself for a while, and then the gray energy radiated from his body, and he stepped directly above the forest of death.

"Xiao Mu, you are already in a state where the lamp is running out of oil, so let's go and capture it. Maybe I will look at the level of the world master and spare you not to die." The man spoke slowly, but the voice was mixed with extremely strong energy. Fluctuation, this kind of fluctuation, is clearly something that only the strong immortals can have.

"Just a lackey at the center of the human world."

"If I was at the peak of Xiao Mu, it would make no difference to kill you like stepping on an ant." As soon as the hawk-faced man's voice fell, a voice appeared in the dense forest of death below, responding to the man. .

The eagle-faced man was overjoyed when he heard the words, the provocation just now was naturally to attract Xiao Mu to speak up, and now that the source of this voice was found, he could naturally be found.

"Humph!"

"You're still stubborn when you're about to die."

"When I catch you, I will let you know what pain is!" The hawk-faced man's face was a little awkward.

Although Xiao Mu's voice was found, the strange thing was that the voice came from all directions in the forest, so Eagle Mouth also underestimated Xiao Mu's ability and vigilance.

And what Xiao Mu said was true. If he was at his peak, dealing with him would be like stepping on an ant to death.

However, I don't know what method the superpowers in the center of the human world used to make the people of the Xiao family drop in strength, so the eagle-faced man is naturally not afraid.

"Death to the immortal!" The eagle-faced man waved his palm directly, and a gray palm with a size of 100 meters appeared out of nowhere, and then attacked the forest of death below with an extremely harsh sound of breaking wind. Wanting to destroy this forest, Xiao Mu has nowhere to hide.

"Boom boom boom!" The huge gray palm just appeared, and the eagle-faced man took it directly, but there was no restlessness. Anyway, the energy that was enough to destroy everything disappeared suddenly when it attacked the forest of death!

That kind of feeling is extremely strange, as if one's own power was swallowed up by the forest of death!

"This place is a bit weird..."

"Originally, the mark on Xiao Mu's body is extremely vague. In addition to the strangeness of this place, if he escapes, I am afraid that this time, the only way to apologize is to die." The eagle-faced man couldn't help but said.

He knew very well that once Xiao Mu escaped completely, when he regained his strength and found allies of their Xiao clan, I am afraid that the only thing waiting for them in the center of the human world would be destruction.

Before they came out, the old guys in the center of the human world had instructed them to only succeed and not fail.

A chill flashed in his heart, and then he didn't dare to hesitate, swept down directly, and searched for Xiao Mu with a trace of silk marks.

"Cough cough..."

"I'm afraid I can't handle this guy's current strength." The figure hidden in the dense wood of the Forest of Death coughed violently, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

If Xiao Yan was here, then he would definitely find out that this figure is Xiao Mu!

This Forest of Death is the battle point between Xuantian and the Blood River Continent of the Ghost Realm. Naturally, it is a bit strange, but if Xiao Mu hadn't made the attack of the hawk-faced man disappear, I am afraid that he would have been in the bag at this time.

"I have already passed the coordinates of this place to the Golden Dragon King. I don't know if it will be successful this time." Xiao Mu couldn't help but said while looking at the dim sky.

For their Xiao clan, the Golden Dragon King is a crucial ally, and that relationship is more affectionate than Jin Jian.

"However, the Golden Dragon King was seriously injured by the foreign evil clan at the beginning, and was chased and killed by some foreign evil clan's minions. I don't know how his strength has recovered now..." Xiao Mu finished speaking, forcibly suppressed the injury in his body and the special Imprint, just start walking!

He must persist until the Golden Dragon King arrives!

Otherwise, the fact that their Xiao clan was imprisoned by the strongest people in the center of the human world will eventually be completely covered in dust!

Xiao Mu was able to escape this time, but it cost almost all the powerhouses of their Xiao clan, so naturally it was impossible to give up like this.

"Master, this mountain range is so weird." On the other side, outside the Forest of Death, Xiao Yan's voice sounded slowly.

"This is the Forest of Death, the battleground between humans and ghosts. There are countless bones and ghosts of strong human beings left, so it is natural." The Golden Dragon King floated directly in front of Xiao Yan at this time, and then looked solemnly at the man in front of him. Huge dark mountains.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"One of the ancestors of our Xiao clan is here?" Xiao Xuan on the side asked.

It stands to reason that if there are members of their Xiao clan here, then there will definitely be a surge of blood. Xiao Xuan didn't feel any fluctuations in his blood, so he couldn't help but ask is really here. "

"As for the two of you not feeling the bloodline fluctuations, this may be related to your fallen Dou Di bloodline."

"And the person being hunted down, in order to prevent his position from being exposed, he naturally tried his best to hide it," said the Golden Dragon King.

"go!"

"I feel his position." The Golden Dragon King's dragon eyes suddenly swept away at a certain place in the mountain range, with a speed that was staggering.

Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan heard the words, looked at each other, their vigilance was raised to the limit, and they followed.

"Huhuhu." Just after entering the forest of death, a gloomy ghostly energy suddenly rushed towards Xiao Xuan.

"Ancestor, are you alright?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan hurriedly wrapped his body with holy flame.

"It's alright." Xiao Xuan said in a deep voice, and then opened his mouth, but Xiao Xuan still underestimated the horror of this ghost.

"Ghost energy is like ice cubes, eerie and eerie, invading people's minds, be careful." The Golden Dragon King walked ahead and said.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan both agreed.

"Hide your breath, I feel that the Xiao clan member is not far ahead."

"And besides that, there is a powerful strong man."

"The aura emanating from the strong man is clearly a bad visitor!" The Golden Dragon King said vigilantly.

The next moment, Xiao Yan and Xiao Xuan flashed a hint of chill at the same time, then concealed their breath and followed!