Chapter 636: dead beast

"This is..." The next moment, the five of them opened their eyes at the same time and said in unison.

"I think coming here should be a place for trials." Xiao Yan was the calmest of the five, and was not as surprised as the four.

Among the other four, the most surprised was undoubtedly Ling Xuan.

Lingxuan opened her mouth slightly, obviously very curious. After all, Lingxuan was born in the Hall of Earth since she was a child, and her father was also the Hall Master of the Hall of Earth. In the past, Lingxuan was often in the Hall of Earth and hardly ever went out. , so there is more or less curiosity and joy about the situation outside.

"This space teleportation formation is really a pit, why haven't we been teleported to the formation..." Mu Feng, who was beside him, scolded.

How could the space teleportation formation, which was vivid in the past, make a mistake today?

Mu Feng was extremely puzzled.

"Cough, cough... Since this is already the destination of the trial, we should make plans first." Xiao Yan hurriedly changed the subject.

Originally, this space teleportation formation would be teleported to the formation point, but in the end, Xiao Yan moved a little bit, and this appeared at a place thousands of meters away from the formation point.

Several people heard the words and fell silent, obviously thinking about something.

"Huh... Strange, why did one of the teams who chose the red nightmare level characters disappeared?" said dozens of Fenxiang Pavilion deacons at the outermost periphery of Luoling Mountain.

These dozens of deacons are naturally responsible for registering the ten teams that chose the red nightmare level. As for the other teams, they are not in Luoling Mountain!

This Luoling Mountain was specially prepared for the elite disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"Who is the team that disappeared?" a deacon asked.

"It seems to be Xiao Yan's team." Another said.

"Xiao Yan...Old Zhu explained, this Xiao Yan doesn't need to be concerned, just do your business." After the deacon took the lead, he started patrolling.

"According to my records, this should be Luoling Mountain." Under a big tree, Xiao Yan and the others gathered around and discussed.

"..." Seeing that Ling Xuan had been holding back for a long time before she could say such a sentence, they rolled their eyes in disappointment.

"This is Luoling Mountain, but do you know what Luoling Mountain is?" Ling Xuan seemed to feel that she was underestimated by these four people, and immediately said angrily.

"Luo Lingshan?" Xiao Yan suddenly became interested when he heard the words, and the other three also nodded and looked at Ling Xuan.

Unfamiliar places are obviously extremely dangerous. If you want to resolve the danger, you must understand the situation clearly.

"This is Luoling Mountain. I don't know the exact location, but I remember that Luoling Mountain was accidentally discovered by our pavilion master as a mysterious place."

"In this Falling Spirit Mountain, there are many dangers. There are countless wild beasts. If you are not careful, you will fall and fall..." Ling Xuan deliberately said it was terrible, but then she looked at Xiao Yan and the others without any fear.

"Luolingshan was formed because of the gathering of a large number of places where our Xuantian powerhouses fell, so the power of these powerhouses after their death gradually turned into a strange creature."

"Dead beast." Ling Xuan said slowly.

"Dead beast?"

"No wonder I felt something strange when I first entered here, so it is." Ling Xuan had just finished speaking, and Mu Feng, who was beside him, spoke up. Obviously, Mu Feng was extremely sensitive to the breath of life and death like ghosts. This should have something to do with his practice.

"The so-called dead beasts are the gathering of power after the death of the powerhouses, but let me explain in advance that there is no Dou Xian powerhouse in this Luoling Mountain, not even the powerhouses at the peak of the Dou Emperor. Most of them are only about seven stars. The strong fall, but even so, with a large enough number, the strength of the dead beast is not simple." Ling Xuan said solemnly.

"Dead beasts are the same as the beasts in our outside world. They have flesh and blood, and even powerful dead beasts have their own consciousness and thoughts, trying to escape from this Lingling Mountain space!" Ling Xuan continued.

"Dead beast..." Xiao Yan said slowly.

Obviously, what Lingxuan said, this dead beast should be caused by the mysterious power in the Luoling Mountain, which led to the power of the fallen powerhouses condensed into a kind of energy body after death, but Xiao Yan did not know, this energy The body can actually make these dead beasts have flesh and blood and even have their own consciousness, which may be the mystery of this Luoling Mountain space.

"These dead beasts are not easy to deal with. If there is no one-shot kill, they will make a comeback before long, and their power is even stronger than before!" Ling Xuan said with pursed lips.

"The five-star beast in our mission is also a type of dead beast?" Xiao Yan asked tentatively.

"Yes, but the five-element beast is far from a simple dead beast. It not only has its own consciousness, but its strength is also extremely terrifying. I am afraid that its strength is enough to rank among the top five among the dead beasts in the Luoling Mountain!" Ling Xuan said slowly, whenever she mentioned the five elements of beasts, Ling Xuan would feel a sense of fear, because Ling Xuan clearly remembered that many people had already carried out the tasks of these five elements of beasts, but without exception, these people It failed, and some people even broke their hands and feet because of the task of defeating the Five Elements Beast.

"This place should be at the outermost periphery of Luoling Mountain. Let's take a rest first and then go." Xiao Yan said, then sat down slowly, mobilizing the Dou Qigong technique in his body to adjust his state.

Several people saw this and followed suit.

"This emperor's qi is so weird..." I don't know who said it. When everyone heard the words, they started their own fighting qigong techniques, but the same scene appeared.

"You guys are like this too?" Xiao Yan saw several people quit cultivation at the same time, and immediately realized the seriousness of the matter, and immediately frowned.

"The emperor's energy here... is not suitable for us to absorb." Mu Feng said slowly, but his voice was extraordinarily solemn.

If the Emperor Qi of Luoling Mountain cannot supplement their own consumption of Dou Qi, then for them, defeating the Five Elements Beast will undoubtedly be more difficult than ascending to the sky!

Because the fighting qi in the body, if it is only used and not replenished like this, then sooner or later, the fighting qi will be exhausted.

"It seems that the mission this time is not so simple." Xiao Yan slowly looked into the distance and muttered to himself.

I just came to Luoling Mountain now. The Emperor Qi in Luoling Mountain exists, but it is not suitable for Xiao Yan and the others to absorb, because they know that once they absorb the Emperor Qi of Luoling Mountain, it may cause great harm to their bodies. , because the Emperor Qi in Luoling Mountain is not Emperor Qi at all!

"And I always feel that this task doesn't seem to be so simple, because just before entering, Mu Xuziye said that there are ten teams to choose Red Nightmare-level characters, so in addition to us, there are nine teams, we Be careful." Xiao Yan said slowly.

"Really, what the **** are Father and the others doing to actually plot against me like this..." Ling Xuan couldn't help complaining when she heard the words.

"Okay, let's wait for you to go back safely. I'm afraid that will be the beginning of the mission." Xiao Yan smiled bitterly, because from Xiao Yan's perception, in the depths of Luoling Mountain, many Xiao Yan felt Something thorny is looming. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: