Chapter Vol 4 1122: The demon emperor is looking for someone!

"The ghost world actually has the human being that the Lord Monster Emperor is looking for?" Looking at the prismatic crystal in front of him, the figure of a man with a heavy ruler on his back was perfectly projected, and the mysterious figure in the cave couldn't help but speak. Said, his voice full of shock.

The mysterious figure is like a human, with a dignified appearance. A pair of eyes shot the cold star.

"Lord Longlang, what's going on?" Hearing the shocking voice in the cave, dozens of figures outside the cave couldn't help but burst into the cave, their eyes filled with shocking eyes. Demonic.

The ghost qi in the ghost world is almost black, and its attributes are mostly gloomy and weird, but the demon qi is different. The demon qi is extremely domineering and mostly green!

"You came just in time." The figure who was treated with respect by everyone heard the words, but nodded slowly, and a strange look flashed in his pupils.

"This... what is this?" The figures who poured in were of different shapes, but they had a tiger-headed person and a wolf-headed person, which was quite peculiar.

"This is the human who saved the Demon Emperor." Long Lang stared at Xiao Yan's figure in the huge prism, and said quietly.

"The human beings who save the Demon Emperor?"

"Could it be that the legend is true?" After the leading dragon wolf finished speaking, a bunch of monsters couldn't help but said in shock.

"Sacred flame is present, Fen Jue is out, and the demon emperor is born!" Longlang looked at the huge prism and said word by word, with a majestic demonic energy in his voice, rising into the sky.

"Lord Demon Emperor is the true overlord of our demon world, and in the last battle of the Great Thousand Worlds, Lord Demon Emperor was suppressed."

"In the past few years, the Demon Emperor has not been here, and the demon world has long since been torn apart." The other demon beasts couldn't help but muttered.

"So this time, I will personally go to the ghost world to find this human."

"Humans who possess Sheng Yan and Fen Jue can definitely help the Demon Emperor escape from the seal." There was a frenzy in Long Lang's eyes, which obviously had a good relationship with the so-called Demon Emperor.

"Lord Dragon Wolf, it is absolutely impossible!"

"Now that the demon world is divided into three parts, if you leave, I am afraid that the other two forces will stare at us. At that time, there will be no leaders, and the consequences will be unimaginable!" One of the demon beasts couldn't help saying.

"Go on, I ordered all forces under the Heisha Longlang to stop fighting. If the other two guys attack while I'm gone, give up the territory."

"Once the Demon Emperor breaks free from the seal, our demon world can be completely unified."

"The ghost world, the devil world, the Buddha world, you united the power of the three worlds to seal the demon emperor of the demon world. This time the demon emperor is reborn, these new hatreds and old hatreds, we will count together!" And the dragon wolf's tone became extremely angry, a trace of anger. The domineering demonic energy permeates the air, and the surrounding space feels distorted.

"That's it, I'm leaving." After the dragon wolf finished his instructions, he turned into a meteor and disappeared here.

"Alas, the Black Devil Dragon Wolf is still loyal to Lord Demon Emperor."

"However, why was the Lord Monster Emperor sealed by the powers of the three worlds of the ghost world, the devil world, the Buddha world, and the three worlds?"

"Could it have something to do with the woman you brought back that time?"

"Forget it, we still stick to our current territory. I hope the other two guys don't know the news of Lord Longlang's departure too soon." But the oldest monster slowly shook his head and said.

And the black evil dragon wolf left the cave directly, and then came to a rather mysterious place. I saw that this mysterious place was precious and wrapped in a mysterious halo. The halo was sandwiched with black, red and gold. At the very edge, several dazzling large characters stood slowly.

"Demon Fate Cave Heaven."

This place turned out to be the most mysterious cave in the demon world!

Among the seven realms, each realm has an extremely mysterious place. The ghost realm is the ghost cave, and this demon realm is the Demon Fate Cave in front of it.

The black evil dragon wolf still looks like a human, but when he first came to this demonic cave, his breath converged, and then a gentle green demonic aura was released, surrounding his body, and then approached him. .

"Sir." The Heishan Longlang said respectfully as soon as he arrived at the gate of Yaoyuandongtian.

However, the dragon wolf clearly saw that the cave sky was filled with eerie and eerie black energy, the golden Buddha light that purifies the world and the red demonic energy that erodes the hearts of the demon world!

Although the Black Devil Dragon Wolf is tyrannical, he does not dare to rashly step into the Heaven of Demon Fate. After all, the power of the Three Realms can suppress even the Demon Emperor. If he stepped into it, it would be no different from courting death.

"What's up with the dragon wolf... what's the matter?" After a few minutes, a voice came from the Demon Fate Cave.

That voice was quite gentle, but it had a domineering power that defied heaven and earth!

"Sir, the person you're looking for has appeared." Heishan Longlang said respectfully, his voice filled with a hint of fiery.

Heisha Longlang has followed the demon emperor for many years, and he naturally knows the demon emperor's strength. If he can lift the seal, he will definitely be able to unify the demon world.

"what!"

"Where is he!" The originally gentle voice was shocked by the words of the Heishan Longlang!

He was imprisoned in the Heaven of Demon Fate by the power of the Demon Realm, Demon Realm, Buddha Realm and the Three Realms. He is the true overlord of the entire Demon Realm, the Demon Emperor!

And now that the demon emperor heard the words, he was naturally overjoyed, because he looked like this, life is better than death, he must break away from the seal, in order to complete some unfinished things Sir, according to the Xuantianjing just now Intelligence, this human appeared in the ghost world. " said the Heisha Longwolf.

"The holy flame is present, the burning is determined, and the demon emperor is born."

"But the guy who has Fen Jue can only be a human being, how could he appear in the ghost world?" But the demon emperor who was in the cave of demon fate was hesitant.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"My lord, I am here to bid you farewell."

"This time, I will bring him back and completely lift your seal." The Heishan Longlang said slowly.

"Longlang, remember, you are the weakest among the three, but you met the other two guys, so don't be reckless."

"But you are a wise man, I believe you can succeed." The demon emperor heard the words, condensed slightly, and said softly.

"My subordinates know that they will not disgrace their mission." When Longlang heard this, he nodded slightly.

"This journey to the ghost world is far away, remember to be careful with the master of the soul." The demon emperor said in a deep voice, and then fell silent.

"Yeah." Long Lang heard the words, gave a big gift to the demon world, and then turned around and left.

And with the departure of the dragon wolf, the place is also returning to calm, but a voice of resentment said slowly.

"What a ghost world, devil world, Buddha world, when they imprisoned me, they caused me to lose a lot of things. When I was born again, when the three worlds were destroyed." When the words fell, an air of pride that despised heaven and earth, and the world was overshadowed by it, quietly emerged.