Chapter Vol 4 1472: Dead Valley!

"You guy, don't you think that we don't know the way and lead the way?" Xiao Yan's group left the original place and walked towards the ruins of the Heavenly King's possession, but they were all led by Huo Li along the way. Mu Ge watched Huo Li take them away from the deep center of Demon Suppression Prison, and felt the increasingly tyrannical evil aura around him. He thought it was Huo Li's actions to retaliate against them, and couldn't help snorting coldly.

In the center of Demon Suppression Prison, the evil things here are extremely powerful.

"Sir, the ruins of Tianwangzang are located in the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison."

"And there is too much evil in the Demon Suppression Prison, even if it is as strong as Lord Tianwangzang, there must be a lot of protection measures around the entrance of the ruins, otherwise the ruins will become these evil things before we can get there. The thing in the mouth." Seeing Mu Ge so coldly hummed, Huo Li explained to Xiao Yan with a burst of depression.

"Be careful, everyone, this is indeed the route to enter the center of Demon Suppression Prison. The level of evil things here has vaguely reached the level of the late Samsung Dou Xian, which is extremely tricky."

"And I vaguely feel that this place is not far from the ruins of the Heavenly King's Treasure." Xiao Yan's soul force was alert to the surroundings and said.

"Let's go." The next moment, Xiao Yan opened his mouth.

Now that Huo You is in his own hands, considering how bold he is, he does not dare to pretend to be mysterious, otherwise Xiao Yan can kill Huo You in an instant.

"Tear, tear, tear!" As soon as the voice fell, everyone took a steady pace, not following Huoli, the surrounding Yinfeng roared, and the black mist of evil power continued to emerge, making people shudder.

"The atmosphere here is a little weird." After a while, everyone slowly came to the bottom of a mountain range. When Xiao Yan's dazzling soul power spread out, they suddenly found something wrong.

The whole body of this mountain range is black, and the evil aura is more powerful in the mountain range. There is even something under the mountain range that makes Xiao Yan quite afraid, making Xiao Yan feel vaguely uneasy.

"Sir, the entrance to the ruins of the Tianwangzang is in a hidden dead valley below the mountain." In an instant, Huo Li's eyes became brighter, and then he stared at the huge mountain in front of him and slowly opened his mouth.

"Death Valley?" At the next moment, Du Qifei heard the words, but Mei Mu couldn't help but be vigilant.

"What's wrong?" Xiao Yan asked slowly after hearing the words.

"You don't know, Death Valley is a dead place. It is said that there are a large number of evil things gathered here, and there are not a few powerful evil things."

"If the entrance to the ruins of the Heavenly King's Palace is here, I am afraid that it is also guarded by countless evil things." Du Qifei felt a trace of worry in his heart, and then said.

Obviously, except for Xiao Yan Muge and himself, if they encountered a tyrannical evil, they probably would not even have the power to protect themselves.

"Don't worry, it's not just us who are eyeing here, we can act as soon as possible."

"Let's go." At the moment when Duo Qifei spoke, Xiao Yan also smelled a familiar aura deep in the mountains, and suddenly everyone cautiously burst out towards the dead silent valley.

The dead silent valley stands at the bottom of this evil aura lingering mountain range. It is surrounded by countless dark and humid environments, and even many poisonous insects and evil things. It has formed a base camp of foreign evil tribes.

The dead silent valley at the bottom of the mountain range, and the high uplifted hills around are occupied by many evil things, but the center of the dead silent valley is a special concave plot, which is extremely mysterious.

"hateful……"

"Sister, there are more and more evil things here. If this continues, I'm afraid we will be in danger." On a hill on the edge of the dead silent valley, Yuan Yan lowered her voice and slowly faced her sister beside her. said.

"The most urgent task now is to kill these evil creatures first, so as to rush to the center of the dead silent valley as soon as possible to see if we can find the entrance to the Tianwangzang." The vindictive aura constantly obliterated the evil things on the hills.

"Susu... hateful human beings!"

"How dare you break into our deadly valley, your lord will surely make you come and go!" On the hill, two evil figures covered in green luster couldn't help but let out an extremely strange sound, quite frightening. people.

The strength of these two green lustrous figures turned out to be full of the late Samsung Fighting Immortals.

"Qiankun Yubi!" In an instant, two white jade-colored lusters scattered out of Yuan Yan's chest, and then he took advantage of the two guys' inattentiveness and easily wiped them out completely.

"Wait, don't worry now."

"The hills around this dead silent valley are occupied by many powerful people from four continents, but they have not moved towards the center of the valley for a long time. I think there may be some hidden secrets in it." Yuan Hong's voice just fell, Immediately, the two women also quietly lurked under the minority.

"Damn, why is no one doing it?"

"Everyone wants to be a shrunken turtle?" In an instant, the silent valley slowly returned to calm, and some strong men on the hills couldn't help but burst out.

However, the number of powerhouses living around the valley is quite rare. Obviously, only some of the top powerhouses in their respective forces exist. As for the other weak disciples of the forces, they were not brought into the valley. After all, that would only increase casualties. .

"Elder Sister, what are we doing now?" On a hill, a man and a woman stood cautiously side by side The man said in a low voice.

"Junior brother, since the master has given you the command, you don't have to ask me, you can just tell me." Behind Qian Ying, a guqin slowly exuded a hint of luster, obviously not extraordinary.

"Looking at the situation, there are a lot of strong people gathered in this dead silent valley, but no one is willing to take the lead until now, I'm afraid it will become a thorn in everyone's eyes." Liu Yun glanced around and said.

"As you arrange, but it is a good choice for you to send other disciples of our Tianyin Sect to other places. After all, this kind of ruins cannot be won by the number of people." The next moment, Senior Sister Xingyun slowly When he spoke, there was a rare trace of relief in his voice.

Originally, when his master handed over the command of this Four Continents competition to Liu Yun, he was quite complaining about it, but now he is convinced, and sure enough, his master's vision is too high.

"Let's wait and see." After speaking, the two also quieted down, but the guqin behind the two gave off a strange luster. Obviously, there seemed to be some powerful evil above the valley.

"Did you arrive in the valley of death..."

"I remember that in this valley, there is a venerable alien from outside the territory, and that guy's strength has reached the level of a four-star fighting immortal."

"Since none of you shot, let me give you a big gift from the Thousand Puppet Ghost Sect."

"The ruins of Tianwangzang can only be mine!"

"Susu!" As soon as the voice fell, this guy like a living dead slowly hid his figure, and then quietly moved towards the center of the dead silent valley without everyone noticing.

At the same time, Xiao Yan and the others came quietly.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: