Chapter 400: 3 Yu Linglong Rabbit!

Xiao Yan and the others also entered the medicine market, and then kept walking around, firstly to find some high-level cherished medicinal materials, and secondly to observe the eve of what could be called the entire Xuantian Santian auction. of prosperity.

Even Xiao Yan, in the face of so many treasures of heaven and earth, his eyes became hot, and his heart was moved, because there were some extremely precious things here, which made Xiao Yan quite jealous.

Looking at Xiao Yan's special status as a pharmacist, he also has a sincere love for some precious treasures. After all, it is difficult for a clever woman to cook without rice. If a pharmacist does not have medicinal materials, even if his skills are high, he will not be able to refine magical medicines. .

"Although no trace of the existence of the specific holy flame has been found, but to swallow the holy flame, we still have to prepare early."

"Three things needed to devour holy flames."

"Seven Flame Flowers, Xu Shengdan, Blood Spirit Ice Liquid."

"Now there are only two kinds of medicinal herbs, and the blood spirit ice liquid is enough, but the seven flame flowers are too precious. If I can't find them, the three flame flowers in my hand should be enough..."

"There is only one left."

"Xu Shengdan."

"This is the rank of the second-rank emperor rank Xuandan..." Xiao Yan also thought quickly in his heart.

Xiao Yan knew that this alchemist started from 1st to 10th rank, and the 10th rank was the emperor rank pill, but after reaching the emperor rank, it was divided into the first, second, and third rank of the emperor rank, and each rank was divided into the third rank of heaven and earth. level.

Now Xiao Yan's strength and soul power have always been at the peak of the emperor's mortal level. Whether it is soul power or medicine refining technology, they can't improve by half a point, so that Xiao Yan's pharmacist's rank is also stuck at the peak of the emperor's first-grade Tiandan. , As for the breakthrough emperor's second-grade pharmacist, it is also out of reach.

However, Xiao Yan also felt that as long as his soul power was making breakthroughs, it would be a matter of course for a pharmacist to break through to the second rank of the emperor, and then he would be able to refine the Xu Shengdan.

"Materials for refining Xushengdan: gold and silver snow dew, ice heart grass...the blood essence of ice-attribute demon beasts of the sixth rank of the emperor?"

"Is the blood essence and magic core of the ice-attribute demon beasts of the sixth rank of the emperor rank..." Xiao Yan also quickly checked the materials of this Xu Shengdan in his mind, and was immediately surprised.

Because this emperor-rank sixth-rank demon beast is a powerhouse that is comparable to the human six-star Dou-Emperor level, the current Xiao Yan is only a four-star Dou-Emperor, and he is still one step away from a five-star Dou-Emperor.

Moreover, this beast is more cunning and vicious than humans, and its strength is stronger than that of ordinary six-star fighting emperor humans.

"Oh, forget it, let's take one step at a time." Xiao Yan had a plan in his heart and slowly turned around the medicine market.

Speaking of which, the area of ​​this medicine market is also very large. The two straight roads are separated, leaving a road in the middle, and on the other side of the road, there is a distance of thousands of meters!

Such a terrifying trading place, I am afraid that the entire Xuan Santian can only be seen in this Xuanling royal family.

On the two sides of the road, there were some intermittent shouts, accompanied by bursts of extremely strong Danxiang and medicinal power, which also made this road quite lively.

"Xiao Yan, why are you still standing still?"

"Let's go." Mu Yingying also found Xiao Yan who was a little stunned by the side.

Because the real treasures are all in the depths, as for Xiao Yan, he was also thinking about things, so he let Mu Yingying be like this.

"Don't miss it when you are passing by. The best hundred-year-old wood ganoderma lucidum also has indescribable benefits for the practice of wood attribute exercises..."

"Nine-grade pills, Fengji Pill, can increase the user's speed in a short period of time, the only magic pill to escape, don't miss it..." Xiao Yan and the others also kept walking slowly from the path toward Going deep, there are also many businessmen shouting along the way, but it is obvious that most of the medicinal herbs and medicinal materials of this level are only suitable for the Emperor Dou.

"This medicine market is really lively..." Mu Yingying said quite happily, and then she threw away Xiao Yan and the others, ran towards the front, and then stood in a booth with some strange things. Squat down.

Girls are naturally incapable of resisting some pretty and cute things, and this is the same for Mu Yingying.

"Wait for her for a while." Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"I have something to buy, you all go first, I'll be there in a while." Seeing this, Mu Feng also said.

"Okay, gather in the depths of the medicine market. There are many people here, so don't get scattered." Xiao Yan also said to Mu Feng, without asking too much. After all, according to Xiao Yan's speculation, this Mu Feng should collect some He specializes in getting rid of ghosts.

"I know." Mu Feng dealt with it and disappeared into the crowd.

"I've heard that the medicine market in Xuansan Santian is extraordinary, and seeing it today is really extraordinary." Xiao Yan also turned around and glanced at the place he had just passed.

Although the entrance to this medicine market is mostly only some medicinal materials suitable for use under Emperor Dou Di, there are some medicinal materials and medicinal herbs, even with Xiao Yan's eyesight, it is the first time I have seen it, so I have to be quite concerned about this medicine market. Look forward to it.

"I hope this medicine market won't let me down." Xiao Yan also smiled slowly, and then he was also ready to pull Mu Yingying towards the depths!

Because Xiao Yan, relying on his huge soul perception, also vaguely felt that there was an almost obscure aura in the depths of this medicine market. UU reading www. uukanshu. com

The strength that can make Xiao Yan feel so fluctuated is also extremely terrifying!

"Mu Yingying?"

"Hey, where's the person?" The next moment, Xiao Yan was also surprised, because just now Xiao Yan clearly locked this Mu Yingying with a soul force, and it was impossible to lose it!

"Boss, this looks so good!"

"How much is this!" A silver bell-like voice also slowly echoed in front of Xiao Yan.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan also shrugged helplessly, and then suddenly found that Mu Yingying was in front of him. At this moment, Mu Yingying squatted all over, with one hand holding her colorful dress, and the other With one hand, he also gently picked up the little rabbit that had always been quite delicate on the stall in front of him.

It was a beautifully engraved mascot, with three lifelike rabbit hands, rabbit feet, and rabbit tails, but the jade head surprisingly had three.

It looks crystal clear and quite endearing.

The next moment, Mu Yingying also picked up the delicate-looking little rabbit, and stared at the thing on the jade hand with her big watery eyes.

Mu Yingying, who was staring at the little rabbit intently, was really funny, and Xiao Yan, who was beside her, was also waiting with interest.

"Hey, little girl, this is a good thing."

"This thing is called Sanyu Linglong Rabbit, and it is made of a third-grade emperor-level ice-attribute demon beast. Wearing it on the body will have an extremely cold feeling spread throughout the body, and it will also be able to face some fire-attribute enemies. There are quite a few resistance effects."

"Such a beautiful jade, it also complements your beauty!" Above the stall owner, a laughter also appeared.

Ask for a ticket!

...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: