Chapter Vol 4 1136: success

After this time, dozens of days have passed.

However, Yu Quan, Lei Shi, and a group of people who wanted to hunt for treasure, who were in the Yinyue Tan, had to withdraw due to the obstruction of Qingniu Tianmu.

Even if it is as powerful as Yuquan, it is still no match for Qingniu Tianmu. After all, this is the territory of Qingniu Tianmu.

"Mr. Yu, do we have to wait..." A follower of the Yu family asked Yu Quan besides Yinyuetan.

"Wait!"

"The beast Qingniu Tianmu occupies his own territory, and even I can't do anything about it."

"I just don't know what kind of **** luck the Qing family's two offal and that **** have gone, but they could be put in by Qingniu Tianmu."

"Although we don't have a chance to enter, the strength of these three guys is only the peak of Dou Di. This time, I will take back all the things they got in the Ghost Moon Well!"

"Block all the exits of Yingyuetan, and report any suspicious person immediately!" Yu Quan stared at Yingyuetan in front of him resentfully, and a smile slowly appeared.

At this time, in the Yinyuetan, under the Ghost Moon Well, there are scenes of unknown things happening.

It has been a month since Xiao Yan and the three of them retreated. In a month, neither Qinger nor Qingwen has any signs of going out. From this appearance, it is obvious that Dou Xian is not so easy to break through, and Qinger also seems to want to take advantage of it. That ice-type exercise stabilizes the cold in the body.

At this time, in the Pill Hall, three white, red, blue-yellow light arrays slowly stood on one side, and in the blue-yellow light array, there were quite strong fluctuations.

"Hey, it's been almost a month, and you should have succeeded." At this time, Xiao Yan's slightly closed pupils slowly opened, and there was a dark color in the pupils, like a bottomless abyss!

For nearly a month, Xiao Yan has overcome a lot of torture. Among them, there have been many collisions between the gorgeous Dou Qi group and the power of the fake Dou Xian. If it wasn't for Xiao Yan's holy flame power, I'm afraid he would be really helpless!

"Boom boom boom!" As Xiao Yan's voice just fell, the blue-yellow flames instantly receded in the sea of ​​fighting qi, and the light spot that combined the power of the pseudo fighting immortal and the gorgeous fighting qi group slowly squirmed, A touch of strong fluctuations slowly radiated out.

Xiao Yan felt such a scene and couldn't help but be overjoyed. After all, Xiao Yan knew about this fluctuation for a long time.

That is the fluctuation of the power of fighting immortals.

"Puff, puff!" After a short while, in the light spot, a strong dou qi practiced, blasting away frantically in all directions in the dou qi sea.

"Finally, it was a success." When Xiao saw this scene, not only did he not have any worries, but a burst of joy appeared on his face, because this appearance was a precursor to the success of Doucore's cohesion!

"Crash." In the short past few breaths, the light around the light spot slowly dissipated, revealing its true face.

"Dou... Dou Nue!" Xiao Yan stared at the Dou Nue that exuded enormous power and lost his voice.

Xiao Yan finally succeeded in condensing this bucket core, but this bucket core is like a round bead the size of a dragon's eye.

"Why is your Dou Core a little different?" The Soul Eater Master said at this time.

"It's different?" Xiao Yan said in surprise when he heard the words.

"Ordinary bucket cores are basically rectangular strips. This is the first time I've seen your round bucket core." The Soul Eater shook his head and said.

"Don't worry, let's try the power of Dou Nue first!" Xiao Yan said softly, according to his guess, this Dou Nui has a strange shape, probably related to Fen Jue and Sheng Yan.

"The power of fighting immortals!" Xiao Yan snorted softly, and suddenly a blue-yellow light beam emerged.

"What a tyrannical power." Xiao Yan just felt this power, but he couldn't help laughing.

If Xiao Yan’s strength was still at the peak of Dou Di, he had the guts to fight against the powerhouses in the early stage of one-star Dou Xian, then at this time Xiao Yan’s real strength to be promoted to the initial stage of Dou Xian is to be able to compete with one-star Dou Xian. The battle of the powerhouses in the middle stage, even the powerhouses in the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal is not an exaggeration!

This is the tyranny of the power of Dou Xian!

"The tyranny of the power of fighting immortals is not only tyrannical, but also unmatched by the power of life and death."

"Moreover, the fighting skills that you have performed with the power of Dou Xian are undoubtedly much stronger than those you used with the power of life and death before!" The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"If that's the case, it's much better."

"The strength of Yu Quan, the head of the Yu family, may not be in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal. Originally, it would be quite difficult for me to meet him, but if I meet him this time, I am afraid it will not be difficult to deal with him." Xiao Yan said with satisfaction.

"Since you have mastered the power and core of fighting immortals, let's meet the main event." The Lord of Soul Eater suddenly smiled maliciously.

"A real show?" Xiao Yan asked in surprise.

"You feel it carefully." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Fighting Immortal Tribulation?" Xiao Yan sensed it carefully, but his face changed drastically!

Because at this moment, on the Yinyuetan, a rare thundercloud slowly emerged!

"It is said that the Dou Xian tribulation that is promoted to Dou Xian is divided into nine colors. The stronger the force, the stronger the Dou Xian calamity. In addition, this kid has the increase of holy flame I am afraid it will attract nine colors. Color is not too much."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's just that it is said that there is a more terrifying fighting immortal tribulation on top of the Nine-Colored Fighting Immortal Tribulation, but it has not appeared for a long time." The Lord of Soul Eater slowly shook his head.

"Boom boom boom!" The originally sunny Yinyuetan, but the sky suddenly changed at this time, and lightning streaks above the Yinyuetan, and the above of the Yinyuetan was also covered by thunderclouds. .

Looking around, there are seven thunderclouds in total. Above the seven, each thundercloud has a different color. However, this is not the end, the thundercloud is still rolling, as if there is a more terrifying thundercloud coming. emerge.

"Someone is fighting immortal robbery?" Yu Quan, who was originally guarding outside Yinyuetan and preparing to hunt down Xiao Yan and the three, was looking at the terrifying thundercloud above the sky, and a trace of horror could not help but emerge from the corner of his eyes!

Although his Yuquan's current strength is in the middle stage of the one-star battle of immortals, he did not pass the six-colored battle of immortal tribulation when he crossed the battle of immortal tribulation. , This colorful is not over yet, because the thundercloud is still tumbling violently!

"Hey, he really deserves to be a human being favored by the King of All Beasts, such a talent." In Yinyuetan, Qingniu Tianmu slowly floated above the water, looking at the incomparable tyranny above the sky, with the power of destruction Fighting Immortal Tribulation, said with a smile.

"It's just a pity that my origin Tianmu, otherwise, I can still give this human a favor, only because it was taken away by the evil pharmacist..." After the Qingniu Tianmu spirit beast finished speaking, it slowly sank into the water.