Chapter 102: Solve the problem!

?? A trace of anger was aroused by the constant resistance in the medicinal powder of the scarlet blood and dragon blood fairy vine, Xiao Yan snorted coldly, and flicked his fingers, the medicinal herbs fused by the two medicinal herbs of Xue Gao Zhi The power appeared in the hand, on the palm of the hand, and the flames were tumbling, and they were directly thrown into the flames.

The degree of resistance between these two is far beyond Xiao Yan's expectations, but it can also be seen that the energy contained in them is so majestic. I am afraid that its quality will reach a very high level.

Thoughts rolled in his mind, and in the flame in Xiao Yan's palm, a drop of blood-red liquid also flew out of the medicine cauldron and then emerged.

"I can't believe I can't cure you!"

Looking at the drop of blood-red liquid, Xiao Yan gritted his teeth and flicked his fingers. The latter turned into a red shadow and plunged into the medicine cauldron, trying to neutralize the battle between the scarlet blood and the powder.

The blood-red liquid was refined by Xiao Yan to neutralize the energy of the two.

The blood-red liquid fell into the scarlet blood, and the violent power of the latter was also slowed down. Xiao Yan's repeated offenses, the pressure that permeated from the blood became more and more powerful. After arriving, Xiao Yan's eyes suddenly appeared a little dazed. He saw two extremely hideous miniatures sitting on top of each other. The faucet head threw out from the medicine tripod and slammed into him fiercely.

After a short fight, the dragon shadow on the blood essence and the dragon shadow on the dragon blood vine seem to have reached an agreement, and they also know that Xiao Yan is trying to control and fuse them. The illusory dragon head of the two just wanted to whistle at Xiao Yan He left, but did not leave the medicine tripod, and was intercepted by the overwhelming milky white flames.

But even so, there was still a low muffled groan in Xiao Yan's throat. Immediately, he was slightly horrified to find that his soul power had actually weakened a little...

Taking a deep breath, the shock in Xiao Yan's eyes became more intense.

The refining of Guben Peiyuan Pill was also interrupted at this moment because of the **** dragon blood in the two bodies, and the trace of dragon blood could not be expelled. Refining was successful.

"You can never get rid of that confrontation with drugs like this."

"Since it contains the aura of the blood of the dragon family, then it is natural to use the most direct method!" The Golden Dragon King noticed the change in the tripod from the moment the miniature dragon shadow appeared, but he also wanted to see what Xiao Yan could do. Looking at Xiao Yan who was in a hurry, he rolled his eyes at him and said crisply.

Hearing this, Xiao Yan was also stunned, and immediately gave a wry smile. Now he only knew that if he didn't remove the coercion in his blood, these extremely hard-to-find medicinal materials would be wasted in vain.

"Roar!" The Golden Dragon King finished speaking, and a low dragon roar lingered in the small wooden house, and the dragon's roar did not go out for a long time.

With the appearance of this faint dragon roar, there seemed to be a moment of silence in the wooden house. Immediately, Xiao Yan was shocked to realize that the dragon fighting against each other in scarlet blood and red powder Shadow energy is rapidly dissipating like remnant snow meets boiling water...

Staring at the changes in the medicine cauldron in a stunned manner, because the power of the soul is all over it, Xiao Yan can feel more clearly that the confrontation between each other is rapidly dissipating. The fright of a king.

In just a few short breaths, the pressure that gave Xiao Yan an incomparable headache disappeared completely. This change made him stare blankly at his master, the Golden Dragon King, who was floating in the air. Full of doubts and curiosity...

"Why are you standing still!"

"Rongdan, I'm not a pharmacist." The Golden Dragon King roared at Xiao Yan as if he was nothing.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also suppressed the shock in his heart, and then looked eagerly at the calm five groups of light in the cauldron.

Snow cream zhi, green wood fruit, dragon blood fairy vine, magic core, and blood essence five groups of rays of light dimmed under the roar of their master, the Golden Dragon King, and did not dare to resist in the slightest.

With the coercion in the blood, he was expelled. The medicinal power of Xue Gaozhi and other medicinal materials was slowly released, and then slowly merged with the majestic power in the blood, and then began a slow fusion...

With the help of the dragon roar of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan barely managed to pass this level. Although it was quite thrilling, it was not that he did not gain anything at all. The energy contained in the medicinal liquid today is quite high. After all, it contains not only the blood of the bloodthirsty dragon lizard, but also the rare dragon blood vine and many precious medicinal materials of green wood fruit. on the basis of a higher level.

After helping Xiao Yan to solve the remaining dragon shadow, the Golden Dragon King never disturbed him. After all, the fusion of medicinal pills also requires concentration, but he still glanced at the tumultuous medicinal liquid in the medicinal cauldron with envy. After that, he just smacked his lips. With a movement, Zaidu returned to the ring.

Alchemist is the most popular profession. Who doesn't want to be a pharmacist who everyone competes for However, the Golden Dragon King also knows that he can't come out as a pharmacist because of his race, so he is not addicted to it. , but the dragon roar he just released...

"It's better to avoid it, or it will be discovered..." The Golden Dragon King muttered to himself, then returned to the ring.

"This roar is comparable to that of a real dragon. It seems that the dragon blood of this monster is very close to the real dragon." Even if the Golden Dragon King deliberately suppressed the roar, Yue Yu caught it, but Yue Yu imagined the roar as a monster. .

"Now that the problem has been solved, the next refining is only a matter of time, right? Hehe, if this kid can really refine the first-order imperial medicine pill at one time, it would be really incredible. Ah, as far as I know, even some imperial pharmacists have a high failure rate when they try to refine imperial medicinal pills." Yue Yu smiled as she looked at her worried daughter beside her.

Hearing what his father said, the surrounding elders also smiled and nodded with a deep understanding. For them, the imperial medicine pills almost belonged to the legendary level. Taking it, even the number of times I have seen it with my own eyes, is only a handful. After all, in this Qingcheng, the alchemists who are capable of refining imperial medicine pills can be counted with one hand, and every time they make a shot, they will be counted. The price is quite high.

The Imperial Medicinal Pill has not appeared for many years. Even the current president of Qingcheng's Alchemist Association has never refined an Imperial Medicinal Pill in recent years...

Guaranteed two changes today

Added three more!

It's five!

Ask for a monthly pass for a recommendation!

In addition, there are two more plus more to make up tomorrow! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: