Chapter Vol 4 2121: Crazy thoughts, holy flames and demons...

"Titan Gold Wheel!"

"Kill kill kill!"

Yao Shigui sat quietly on the Golden Wheel Titan Giant, as if the two were very good partners, caring for him all the time, and it was precisely because of Yao Shigui's help that the Golden Wheel Titan Giant Although the strength and Lacey had a big gap, but he never lost.

The endless golden wheel splendidly bloomed, revealing the divine might of the Titans without a doubt!

"Dong Dong Dong!"

Above the sky, the four angelic purple wings behind Lacey glowed with unparalleled golden brilliance, and every time they clashed with the supreme divine power of the Golden Wheel Titan, they would swept out with extremely dazzling energy ripples.

"Brother Xiao Yan, what else can you do?"

Below, Xun'er's pink fist was tightly clenched. At this moment, he had no other choice but to pin his hopes on Xiao Yan.

"..."

The demon Xiao Yan did not speak, but quietly watched the fierce battle between the two!

The Golden Wheel Titan and Lacey are inextricably fighting, but no matter what terrifying destructive power the Golden Wheel Titan erupts, it will be easily bounced off by the four angel purple wings and cannot really hurt the body of the angel. .

The power of the four purple angel wings, coupled with the strength of Lacey's first reincarnation level, now Lacey seems to be invincible.

"Xiao Yan, I'm afraid I can only leave this matter to you."

Yao Wan Wan, who was on the side, shrank his eyes tightly and said very seriously.

"Brother Xiao Yan, I can lend you the holy flame. With the fusion of so many holy flames, I am afraid it will be our last chance!"

Xun'er also spoke softly, with a hint of urgency in her voice.

The Golden Wheel Titan giant can't confront Lacey head-on, Xun'er and Yao Wan, two temporary first-level reincarnation-level powerhouses, must take action!

"No way."

"Lacey's strength is comparable to the double reincarnation, even if our holy flame merges, it can't shake him in the slightest."

"Although the power of the holy flame is tyrannical, it has a lot to do with the caster."

"If I can fuse with your body strength, I have enough confidence to obliterate Lacey, but unfortunately I don't have time now."

Xiao Yan shook his head. Ever since Yaoshigui appeared, Xiao Yan has been thinking about the final solution to the situation.

Although the fusion of holy flames is tyrannical, Xiao Yan knows that there is no invincible existence under reincarnation, but Lacey is a genuine first-level reincarnation powerhouse!

In addition to the blessing of Angel Wings, the terrifying combat power of the second reincarnation level, unless Xiao Yan now has the strength of the Eight Star Fighting Immortal Perfection, the Holy Flame Fusion will not have any prestige to him.

"But then...we'll stay here completely."

Hun Xuzi and others also frowned, and now they can't do much. With their strength in the late stage of the Eight Star Fighting Immortals, if they intervene in the battle of reincarnation, I am afraid that they will be in a different place in an instant.

"Just try it."

"Xun'er, seniors, please fight for me for three minutes!"

Xiao Yan didn't dare to waste time, he sat up abruptly, the dark green demonic blood was constantly rising like steam, lingering around him, looking unusually evil!

After that, the product of the fusion of holy flames in Xiao Yan's body also became restless together!

Everyone saw that at this time, Xiao Yan's body, a dark green evil energy and a sacred amber flame, slowly stirred up in Xiao Yan's body.

The two auras are both good and evil, but they are opposed to each other, and since these two forces emerged from Xiao Yan's body, the demonic power on Xiao Yan's body erupted with extremely violent fluctuations!

The power of the devil and the power of holy flame seem to be resisting and stalemate, and they are not convinced!

These two powers are extreme powers, and they are hostile to each other. If there is no good solution point, I am afraid that the demon Xiao Yan will be completely destroyed!

"The fusion of holy flame and demon?"

"Brother Xiao Yan, are you crazy?"

Seeing this, Xun'er roared with obvious anger on her beautiful face.

"Trust me."

Xiao Yan nodded lightly and tried to face Xun'er, but the madness in his eyes made countless people clearly feel the murderous aura in Xiao Yan's bones!

That kind of extreme power, if it is successfully merged, I am afraid it really has the power to change the situation of the battle, but if it fails, I am afraid that without Lacey's action, the demon Xiao Yan will completely disappear from the world.

The power of the devil and the power of the holy flame are too fierce, even the power of immortality, I am afraid it cannot withstand the power of that level!

"Brother Xiao Yan is really righteous!"

"Since Brother Xiao Yan is so righteous, you and others are not people who are greedy for life and fear death!"

"rush!"

"Fight with the Holy See!"

Seeing the space cracks appearing all over Xiao Yan's body, the minds of countless forces warmed up, and a long-lost blood swept out, and they said eagerly.

"Everyone, life and death depend on this once, do it!"

Yao Wan Wan didn't say much, and coldly left a sentence to the many powerhouses behind, and suddenly jumped, together with the powerhouses of the ancient race, and shot Lacey away.

"A group of rabble, no matter how many people there are, it can't change the situation of your failure after all."

Incited by Angel Wings, Lacey laughed after blocking the attack of the Golden Wheel Titan.

Since this group of stupid humans is so defiant, then I will follow the will of the angels, cooperate with the killing of the demons, and catch them all!

"Master Bishop, the power of the demon Xiao Yan is mysterious and unpredictable. Please, Master Bishop, kill him as soon as possible, otherwise, there will be many nightmares."

Seeing the scorching heat and evil aura emerging from Xiao Yan's body, Austin and Austin felt extremely uncomfortable and couldn't help but speak out.

They had played against Xiao Yan before, and they naturally knew what kind of talent this young man was, and moreover, he was carrying holy objects such as holy flames, and for a while, they were extremely afraid of what would happen.

"I know."

Lacey echoed a sentence, and the angel's wings flickered behind him immediately, and the purple sacred radiance spread out from the angel's wings, and suddenly shot at the strong man below!

The purple brilliance, like a burst of star raindrops, slowly dripped from the angel wings behind Lacey in the sky, and gently irrigated the land below the medicine world!

That magnificent scene is like a broken galaxy, countless stars roaring, majestic and extremely terrifying!

"Hoohoho!"

Feeling this extremely sacred fluctuation, the golden wheel titan giant screamed in the sky, and the golden golden wheel behind the giant suddenly detached, and immediately rose from the sky at an extremely fast speed, turning into a hot golden sun. , carrying the supreme divine power of the Golden Wheel Titan, attacking Lacey!

"Pfft!"

"Pfft!"

With bursts of energy squirming, countless space wormholes forcibly appeared at the battle between the two, and suddenly this medicine world was directly attacked with riddled holes and barren!

The golden sun touched the purple star, and countless explosions swelled up, and the entire medicine world shook violently, as if it would be completely shattered at any time!

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: