Chapter Vol 4 1848: Demon War (Part 2)!

Welcome, please remember the address of this site: , read it on your mobile phone, so that you can read the latest chapter of the novel "Fighting the Sky God of Yan Emperor" at any time...

"Two demons... There's a good show to watch now, but it's a pity for this devil fruit." On the flat ground in the distance, Mekal looked like an ordinary woman, her beautiful eyes projecting towards the sky, For a time, a white glow appeared all over the body, and above the white glow, a scorching sacred pattern, like the sacred light under the command of an angel, illuminated the world, and was about to wipe out all darkness.

As for the emperor and Hun Wuji, they were stuck in the air at this time and chose to act according to chance. After all, Xiao Yan had devoured the Devil Fruit in its mature state, and even they were extremely afraid of the changes hidden under the blood mist all over his body.

The changes on Xiao Yan's body continued, and they did not dare to act rashly.

"Two cowards!" Sol snorted coldly, white armor appeared on top of her body, and a white halo bathed in holy light enveloped her whole body, setting off her breath spotlessly, and immediately stepped through the void, facing the same Xiao Yan left.

She is loyal to Mekal, and Xiao Yan is the main target this time. Even if Xiao Yan is tortured by Gamma with Devil Fruit, she will bring Xiao Yan's body back.

This is her responsibility, and it is her proof of allegiance to the traveling angel.

"Boom!" With a sound, the dark underworld sage didn't do anything, but the dark green blood mist on his shoulders suddenly spread out in the form of energy tides. In that energy tide, there was a suppressed awe, as if A heinous demon is announcing his birth to the world!

Just when the demon servant's palm touched the latter, a monstrous arm protruded from the dark green mist, and then easily resolved the demon servant's blow that was enough to obliterate the powerhouse below the Eight Star Dou Xian.

"Ah ah ah!" The demon servant noticed, his body suddenly shrank, and he retracted his arm at the fastest speed, but his arm was entangled with a chain cast by a cold and hot, polarized power, making it break free. Not even the slightest bit, the demon servant couldn't help but let out a scream, so that the demon blood in his body was dimmed!

"Pfft!" With a loud voice, the dark green arm slammed violently, and the body of the demon servant suddenly turned sideways, falling towards a mountain above the mountain with a strange arc of 180 degrees.

"Crack!" The demon servant just fell, and the small mountain collapsed and evaporated instantly as if it had been dropped by a meteor.

"Hoohoho!" One blow threw the demon servant out like a dead dog, and a roar that seemed to be trapped in a mad monster spread out from the blood mist.

"Tick tock!" The deafening voice just spread, and the countless evil and dark clouds in the entire sky were dissipated in an instant. The sky was bathed in the dawn of the sun, and on the shoulders of the dark underworld, a sharp depression figure, covered with dark green blood droplets Slowly dripping.

Every time the dark green blood drops, the crisp sound is like death in the ears of several people above the void.

At this time, Xiao Yan can no longer be regarded as a human being. His body and skin have completely turned into a demonic dark green, which is evil and eerie. Even his black hair has grown wildly to his knees like a woman. , with the help of dark green evil hair cover, a pair of bloodthirsty dark green pupils, coveting all the creatures in this world!

That feeling is like a demon that is above the world, descending on his territory, ready to turn all the humans here into his own food!

"That's..." A trace of blood spilled from the corner of the demon servant's mouth, barely crawling out of the collapsed mountain!

When his evil eyes lifted up and looked at Xiao Yan's figure above the sky, a sense of awe filled his heart.

That...is the devil!

He is the real devil who has inherited the will of the devil!

And in the final analysis, he is just a servant of the devil, even if he has mastered a part of the power of the devil, so what?

In front of a real demon, the kind of coercion that comes from the blood and the soul is defeated without a fight.

There is no suspense at all in this kind of demon battle.

"Impossible, stop pretending to be a ghost!"

"Go to hell!" The dark green pupils of the demon servant shrank tightly, and his body instantly swelled hundreds of times. Countless dark green blood all over his body, like the deadly venom in the mouth of a poisonous snake, blasted towards Xiao Yan!

That was the source of the devil. Obviously, the devil servant panicked at this moment. He knew that if Xiao Yan could not be killed, then he would be the one who failed.

In a world, there can never be two demons at the same time, this is their pride from the blood of demons!

The dark green blood continued to corrode the void. Suddenly, the void was completely shattered. Countless small space vortices permeated. These small vortices lead to different spaces. Nine lives.

"Xiao Yan..."

"Lord Xiao Yan!" At this time, the battle on the ground was slowly coming to an end, and the powerhouses of the Soul Palace and the royal family had each stepped aside, waiting for the battle to decide the outcome on the sky, and even the powerhouse of the Holy See hiding in the dark. The person was also staring at him. The princess and Ji Xuan, with the mighty tens of thousands of elites behind them, watched the desperate actions of the demon servant, and their palms were sweating.

That level of attack has surpassed their understanding, but even so, once Xiao Yan had any change, the two would not hesitate to bring their elites into the battlefield.

"Huhu... There can only be one devil in this world!" Seeing the demon servant's actions, Xiao Yan's face, which was covered by evil hair, suddenly showed a strange smile, and the dark green blood mist all over his body rapidly coagulate.

"Give me that power, spit it out!" A sinister voice suddenly sounded in the void, shaking the minds of everyone present!

"Boom!" As soon as the voice fell, Xiao Yan moved, and his palms were wrapped in dark green blood mist to form layers of energy shackles. Above those energy shackles, a touch of ancient and deep lines slowly filled the whole body. Look carefully. , those lines turned out to be constructed into a strange pattern, forming an evil formation on Xiao Yan's body!

That kind of demon pattern mobilized all the demon power in Xiao Yan's body in an orderly manner, and exerted all the power of the demon!

The demon servant trembled rapidly, the muscles in his body gradually became exhausted, and even the dark green blood water dried up and trembled like a flame, burning, bursting out with the most evil power that burns everything, with overwhelming force, blasting towards Xiao Yan. go!

He knew that by burning his own demon origin, Xiao Yan had to be completely wiped out!

He only had one chance, either he died or Xiao Yan was destroyed!

The fists wrapped in dark green blood and energy shackles are constantly rubbing violently on the void, rioting, and the power contained in the two has exceeded the seven-star category, and has truly reached eight stars Boom! The figures of the two instantly overlapped, Xiao Yan's fist breathed smoothly, breaking through the barrier of blood and water, directly hitting the heart of the demon servant, and suddenly pierced through his body.

"How... how is that possible?" At the last moment, the demon servant saw a flash of amber in Xiao Yan's pupils.

That power is the fire of holy flame!

However, the power of demons is sinister and evil, and the fire of holy flame is sacred and inviolable. How can the two powers be in harmony?

It is a pity that with Xiao Yan's attack, the vitality of the demon servant is rapidly drained, and death is only a matter of time!

At this moment, the other onlookers looked at the demon Xiao Yan who stepped into the void, and a wave of depression emerged involuntarily.

The error-free chapters of "Fighting the Heavenly God of Yan Emperor" will continue to be updated, and there will be no advertisements on the site. Please collect and share!

If you like Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky, please collect it: The Yandi of the God of Fighting the Sky is the fastest to update.