Chapter Vol 4 1520: The collision between the strong!

"Boom!" In the dark and dark Demon Suppression Prison, with the appearance of the Lord of Soul Eater, the evil demonic energy in the sky was swallowed up a lot, thus forming a situation of four opposing sides.

"Master of Soul Eater, don't be mad..."

"If you insist on doing it, this queen will fight with the power of all the evil things in the Demon Suppression Prison to completely pull you into the abyss!" Looking at the arrogant Soul Eater, the Poison Demon Empress couldn't help but let out a coquettish groan. Underneath, its body actually contained a suffocating green venom magic energy.

"Your words make the 'king' of your extraterritorial evil clan, a superpower, have such a threat for the time being, but it's a pity that a guy with the strength of a six-star fighting immortal is nothing more than that."

"If you don't believe it, you can give it a try..." The Lord of Soul Eater did not rush to do it, because just now, he had already secretly set up a special formation in this Demon Suppression Prison to isolate the induction of the outside world. , so it is only a matter of time before the Demon Empress of Poison Braces is wiped out.

"My queen, I'll hold this guy, go away!" After a while, the earth poisonous brake turned into a sharp green bow and whirled away at the Lord of Soul Eater, trying to rely on his own four-star fighting immortal perfection, temporarily Hold down the Soul Eater so as to buy time for the Demon Empress to escape.

"Beyond one's own strength." Looking at the whistling Earth Poison Sha, the Soul Eater Lord did not hesitate, his illusory palm suddenly lifted, and then he waved it, and a black beam suddenly condensed out, piercing the endless void. , blasted away at the ground poison brake! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

The black light beam may seem ordinary, but Xiao Yan knows that above the black light beam, there is the devouring power of the Soul Eater Lord, as well as countless hidden patterns. This level of attack is obviously beyond what Earth Poison Shack can handle. category.

"Pfft!" He was hit by the Lord of Soul Eater with a random blow, and suddenly the poisonous brake's chest shook violently, and a mouthful of green blood suddenly spewed out!

This Poison Temple, which is as strong as a four-star Douxian perfection, can't even take a single move from the Master of Soul Eater!

"You step back."

"Since you are determined to fight, then this empress will fight with you!" As soon as the voice fell, circles of turquoise evil demonic energy emerged on the body of the Poisonous Demon Empress. In just a short moment, it turned out to be Ling The countless demonic energy in the Demon Suppression Prison worshipped him, and condensed into a magic bead the size of a dragon's eye on the palm of his hand!

The magic bead had just emerged, and the monstrous green evil light suddenly contained a suffocating bright fluctuation.

"It's so strong!" Even with the power isolation protection of the Soul Eater, Xiao Yan still felt a destructive aura from the green magic bead.

"Master of Soul Eater, take me a blow!"

"Dusha Demon Bead!" At this moment, the Poisonous Demon Empress said with a bit of solemnity on her pretty face.

"Crash!" As soon as the Demon Empress Poisonous Brake fell, the entire space became quiet. The green magic bead in her palm was easily pushed out by her jade hand and attacked the Soul Eater. Such a terrifying attack, if it hits completely, I'm afraid that if you don't die, you will also peel off a layer of skin! Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

With the condensing of the evil magic beads, screams of grief suddenly resounded throughout the entire Demon Suppression Prison. At that time, a slender black shadow flashed directly in front of Xiao Yan, with a smile on the corner of his mouth, calm and calm.

"Boom!" Just within a few feet of the green magic bead approaching the Lord of Soul Eater, the illusory palm of the Lord of Soul Eater suddenly protruded out of it, and the dazzling power of devouring immediately swept away.

"Weng Om!" As the dazzling devouring power on the Lord of Soul Eater spread completely, the extremely evil green magic bead suddenly froze, and then seemed to have lost all power, allowing the Lord of Soul Eater to easily Pinch in hand.

"Bang bang bang!" After a few breaths, the green magic bead was bleak, and was suddenly pinched by the soul eater. was completely destroyed by the Lord of Soul Eater.

"Master's devouring power...but it's a bit incredible." Xiao Yan's soul was tyrannical, and naturally he was aware of the scene just now.

The scene just now seems to be simple, but it is not. It is clearly the Lord of Soul Eater who spread his devouring power, thereby directly swallowing all the power of the evil magic bead. Therefore, the evil magic bead is so vulnerable. Absorbing such a dazzling evil force, it turned out to be the body of the Lord of Soul Eater, which is quite solid.

"I haven't played against your alien races for many years. I can't think of a dignified emperor-level powerhouse, and it's just such a trick. I'm really disappointed." The attack of the Poison Temple Demon Empress was defeated at will, and the Lord of Soul Eater was rather dull. The opening, like the attack just now, was just random.

"My queen..." Di Dusha hurriedly said while absorbing the monstrous evil aura in the Demon Suppression Prison to recover his injuries while watching the Demon Queen of Dusha.

Obviously, the strength of the Soul Eater Lord and the Poisonous Demon Empress is not even a little bit different. If things go on like this, I am afraid that the only thing waiting for them is their fall.

"Let's take a look... If it really doesn't work, I'm afraid I have to use evil tools." The Demon Empress of Poison Bracers had an idea in her mind Immediately, she didn't waste any time.

"Soul Eater... Really tyrannical." In the sky, the Poison Demon Empress, surrounded by countless evil blood mists, spoke slowly, her voice extremely ferocious, and behind the blood mist, a gloomy face looked extremely pale.

"But just because of this, I want to fall, but it's a bit of a fool's dream!" After a few breaths, the evil turquoise light flashed in the eyes of the poisonous demon queen, and a burst of sarcasm emerged from the corner of her mouth. An extremely terrifying force followed.

I saw that the countless blood mists surrounding the Poisonous Demon Empress turned into a thousand-foot demon claws in front of her under the control of the Poisonous Demon Empress!

As the voice of the Poisonous Demon Empress fell, her claws pierced through the void and shot towards the location of the Soul Eater Lord!

"Excessive resistance." The Master of Soul Eater immediately snorted coldly when he saw such a dazzling attack by the Demon Empress of the Poison Temple, and then an even more dazzling devouring power emerged around him, and then formed in the palm of his hand.

The dazzling claws of thousands of feet came to the Lord of Soul Eater in an instant, with a fierce breath, like an ogre, and at the same time, the power of devouring in the palm of the Lord of Soul Eater also slowly formed, turning into a black Countless mysterious runes appear around the vortex, the black vortex, and it is vaguely and directly that it has the power to devour all things, which is mysterious and unpredictable.

"Boom!" When the thousand-zhang demonic claws just touched the body of the Soul Eater, bursts of devouring power suddenly emerged from the black vortex, thus completely swallowing the endless demonic energy!

Seeing that her attack was being defeated, the Demon Empress Dusha also had a look of astonishment on her face. Until this time, the Demon Empress Dusha didn't know why this Soul Eater would make the kings of their extraterrestrial evil clan quite For fear!

It is because of his mysterious devouring power!