Chapter Vol 4 994: Hidden Blood Pool

"Huhuhu!" On an uneven plain, the yin wind roared, and the ferocious ghosts permeated it, causing the land to show a strange dark color.

"Here...is the location of the Blood River Pond?" Xiao Yan's figure paused for a moment, and then he looked in front of the plain. According to what Yan Chi said, the front of this plain was where the Blood River Pond was.

Xiao Yan is now looking forward, but he can't find anything. On the plain land in front of him, there is a dull color with a rather strange color. Obviously, he does not know why, and it is strange to say that this plain At the very front, huge rocks were formed, which made several people puzzled.

"I remember that the Blood River Pond is here, so I shouldn't be wrong." The last time Yan Chi entered the Blood River Realm was decades ago, and his tone became suspicious and uncertain, after all, he didn't know either. Has the location of the Blood River Pond changed in the past few decades?

"Could the Blood River Pond be moved?" Xiao Yi, who was beside him, couldn't help saying.

"No, the Blood River Pond is an unowned thing, and it is deeply ingrained. Once it appears, it will only be in the same place for many years." Yan Chi thought for a while, then shook his head and said.

"What is that..." When Xiao Yan heard the words, he also thought secretly, but after a while, the huge soul perception made him see a depression in the ground and rock in front of him, and then pointed his finger there opened his mouth.

"Be careful, ten years ago, there was a seven-star Dou Emperor perfection level beast guarding here. Now, I'm afraid this guy's strength is even more terrifying." And seeing the sunken gap, Yan Chi also secretly made a sound.

"Yes." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying agreed at the same time, letting a steady stream of holy flames permeate out of their bodies, slowly wrapping their bodies.

"I'll take a look, you stay here." After a while, Xiao Yan was the first to speak to break the peace.

"I'll go too." Mu Yingying said the same.

"I'll just go, it's too dangerous..." Xiao Yan's voice just fell, and he suddenly saw the rare insistence on Mu Yingying's pretty face, so it's not good to refuse.

She had to say helplessly, "Yingying, follow me, be careful."

"Yes." Mu Yingying agreed softly.

"Go." With the countermeasures, Xiao Yan also slowly walked.

However, Xiao Yan found that every time he took a step, the holy flame on his body seemed to exude an aura of disgust towards the ground and even the rocks under his feet, but now Xiao Yan obviously didn't have time to care about this, and walked slowly to the depression. Go down in front of the notch.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"It's such a small gap." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying just came to this gap, and they did smell a mysterious breath from this gap, but because this fist is only the size of a fist, if it weren't for Xiao Yan Discovery, I am afraid it has really been ignored.

Through this fist-sized gap, Xiao Yan did see something, but because the gap was too small, what he could see was limited.

"There should be something down there." Xiao Yan said after making sure.

"Crash!" As soon as Xiao Yan's voice fell, the dazzling holy flame went directly towards the gap, trying to open the gap to find out.

"Bang bang bang." Even if the dark rock and surrounding soil were baked by Xiao Yan Shengyan, it slowly persisted for dozens of minutes before slowly dissipating.

And as the rocks around this mysterious gap dissipated, the shocking scene below was suddenly revealed.

"This is..." In just a few breaths, Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying cast their gazes towards the bottom of the opened gap, and couldn't help being surprised.

What caught the eyes of the two of them was an incomparably huge hinterland!

It can be said unceremoniously that only this depression can be found in the incomparably huge hinterland in front of him, but from the depression, there is a huge blood pool that is boundless. Everything that can be seen is thousands of meters, not to mention the places that are blocked by the gap of sight!

Below the gap, there is a huge blood pool. The color of the blood pool is quite strange. It is the same scarlet blood color as a human being, but the strange thing is that there is no **** smell of blood.

"This is the Blood River Pond." Yan Chi looked at Xiao Yan and the two of them so surprised, and immediately ran up slowly and hurriedly.

"Blood River Pond?" Xiao Yi also followed closely and looked down, the color of the pool water below was extremely ruddy, like the scarlet blood of a human being, which made people shudder at first glance.

"This is indeed the Blood River Pond."

"Don't look at the red water in these pools, but the Blood River Pool is not made of human blood."

"The Blood River Pond is formed by the fusion of the power of the mighty who fell in the blood river and the powerhouse of the ghost world."

"The mystery of the Blood River Pond, I can't tell you the specifics. The only thing I know is that this Blood River Pond has extremely mysterious effects."

"It can not only temper the body, but also heal some dark diseases." Yan Chi said.

"This Blood River Pond is so weird, I don't know what material it is..." While listening to Yan Chi's explanation, Xiao Yan tried to probe the Blood River Pond with his incomparably dazzling soul power, trying to find something.

"..." After a while, Xiao Yan slowly shook his head. Obviously, whether he was using his soul power or spiritual power to explore the Blood River Pond, the two forces had just touched the Blood River Pond, and all the scum that was swallowed by an extremely mysterious force was not left.

"Go down and have a look?" After a while, Xiao Yan was the first to speak to break the tranquility.

For some reason, Xiao Yan had a vague intuition, as if something was calling him from below.

"no!"

"It's too dangerous down here!" Mu Yingying immediately refused when she heard the words.

"Since you have come, you must not return without success."

"Don't worry, I have my senses." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his figure swept away and flashed directly into the blood river pool below.

At the same time, a ray of light suddenly appeared in the blood river pool, which had always been calm and shrouded in darkness, and along with this light, there was even a flaming figure swept away, and under the pool, a gloomy figure was also silent. appearance.

"I hope nothing will happen." And Mu Yingying and the others were also standing in the gap, while vigilant against other powerhouses. After all, this is a public area. If they all go down and are discovered by other powerhouses, I am afraid they will fall short. Pray for Xiao Yan.