Chapter Vol 4 882: Medusa 1's Revenge Plan

"I don't know the Queen, what should we do?" The Snake King asked first.

Although the nine major tribes of Medusa were indeed afraid of the Xuanling royal family possessing a strong fighting immortal, they did not dare to take action, but now that they have Queen Medusa's color scales, they are no longer afraid.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Although we and the Xuanling Royal Family are already on par with the top battle strength, I think there must be a reason for the Xuanling Royal Family to stand in Xuantian for so many years." Cailin Dai said with a slight wrinkle.

"It is said that the strong fighting immortals of the Xuanling royal family is the father of the current Xuanling King, that is, the previous Xuanling King, and his strength should be at the mid-level of a star fighting immortals." At this time, Shefu said.

"If it is in the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortals, I have enough confidence to deal with it, and maybe I can kill it." Cai Tun heard the words and opened his mouth slightly.

"Hehe, it's natural. The Queen is already a one-star Dou Xian with the perfect strength, so it's no problem to deal with the Xuanling royal family's Dou Xian."

"But from what I've seen over the years, it seems that the Xuanling Royal Family has some connections not only with Solomon, but also with the Soul Clan." Shefu spoke slowly.

Shefu's experience and information naturally know a lot.

"Soul clan?" Cailin frowned upon hearing this. Obviously, this extremely familiar name made Cailin unforgettable in her life.

"That's right, it's that very special race."

"The power of this race spreads all over the Doudi Sifang Continent. Although the base camp is not in our Xuanling Continent, the general person in charge of their soul clan here is a genuine Dou Xian powerhouse."

"The strength should be in the late stage of One Star Fighting Immortal."

"As for Solomon, the strongest person is Solomon's sect master, the half-immortal strength, so don't worry too much." Shefu said.

"The half-immortal is nothing to talk about, but if it is a middle-stage one-star fighting fairy and a late one-star fighting fairy, it will be a bit tricky." Cai Tun also realized that the Xuanling royal family was not easy to deal with, and immediately spoke.

"In addition to this, the Xuanling Royal Family has three armies whose strength cannot be underestimated."

"The Tiger Tooth Army, the Wolf Eagle Army and the Dragon-Loving Army."

"Among them, the strength of the Huya Legion is mostly the powerhouses above the five-star Dou Di, and there are hundreds of people."

"The Wolf Eagle Legion has fewer people than the Huya Legion, but most of them are actually above the six-star Dou Di."

"As for the Dragon Addiction Legion, although there are only ten people, their strength is basically close to the level of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, and even the Nine-Star Dou Emperor has a few people, so it should not be underestimated." The blue-and-white snake on the side also said.

"How is the power among the eight major tribes of Medusa now?" Cai Tun asked slightly after hearing this.

"Not counting you, Queen, excluding the powerful Xuanling royal family fighting immortals, it is extremely simple for our Medusa family to defeat them." Shefu smiled.

"In that case, let's go down and prepare."

"When we are ready, we will attack the Xuanling royal family."

"This time, I will let the Xuanling royal family know the power of our Medusa family." Cailin said.

"Yes!" When the other eight leaders heard the words, they immediately aroused a burst of gratitude. They knew that from now on, the Medusa clan might stand in the Xuantian three days.

"Sister Cailin, are you going to fight?" Qingyan on the side heard the words and opened her mouth slightly. Obviously, Cailin treated their two daughters like a loving mother, making her daughters reluctant to part with her.

"Don't worry, sister will be fine."

"It's the two of you, you two little fellows, you can't fall behind in your cultivation."

"Otherwise, big sister will teach you a lesson when she comes back." After the eight leaders left, Cai Lin said to the two little guys with a smile on her face.

And the two little guys are also very sensible, and directly followed the blue-and-white snake to practice.

At this time, only Shefu and Cailin were left in the hall.

"Old Snake, you've worked hard." Cai Lin said slightly, not knowing what she was thinking.

"The hard work is the queen." Shefu smiled slightly.

At Shefu's age, he didn't value strength and other things for a long time, and he only valued making the Medusa family stronger!

"Old Snake, I need all the information about the Soul Clan in Xuantian Santian, including the news about the person in charge of the Soul Clan. I'm going to meet him." Cai Tun still couldn't help saying.

Although I don't know why, Cai Tun always felt that the mystery of the Xiao Clan might have something to do with the Soul Clan.

Now Xiao Yan's strength is still relatively weak, as Xiao Yan's virtuous internal assistant, he has the responsibility to help him.

"Queen, this matter is difficult to handle, but I will try my best." Shefu hesitated for a while, obviously puzzled by Cailin's approach. A newly appointed queen, Shefu is ready to give her full support.

"The old man will retire first, and the queen has a good rest. It is estimated that in a few days, the strength of the Medusa family will be ready, and then it will be time to take revenge on the Xuanling royal family." Shefu finished speaking and slowly disappeared here.

"Every time I see Qingyan's two little guys, I miss Xiaoxiao a little bit. I don't know, the little guy is okay now." Among Cailin's cold brows, there was tenderness like water at this time.

"Xiao Yan, this time, when the affairs of my Medusa clan are over, and your Burning Incense Pavilion sect competition is over, let's leave here."

"I feel a little homesick." After Cai Lin finished speaking, she sat on the throne slightly, closing her eyes and resting.

It's just that I don't know what the tyrannical Queen Medusa in the past will look like when she learns of the many women around Xiao Yan now.

"How are things going?" In Xuantian three days, in an unknown mountain range, in a rather dilapidated house, two figures slowly appeared here, one of them was dark and strange. The figure asked.

"Chief in charge, the Xuanling Royal Family doesn't know why this time, they didn't give us a chance at all It seems that they don't want to cooperate with us." Another figure said.

"Oh?"

"Why is the Xuanling Royal Family?"

"To cooperate with our soul clan, we collect souls, and they collect resources and fame and fortune, haven't they been good all the time?"

"Why is this Xuanling royal family..." The figure called the chief officer said.

"Could it be Solomon?" Another asked.

"Impossible. Sect Master Solomon's strength is only a mere half-immortal. King Xuanling and his father are not that stupid yet," said the person in charge of the Soul Clan.

"It seems that the Xuanling royal family should have found a backer stronger than us."

"interesting."

"You go back and ask the headquarters to send an immortal warrior. I always feel that something interesting will happen in Xuan Santian." After finishing speaking, the head of the soul clan slowly laughed.

"Yes!" Hearing the words, the figure swept out and headed towards the edge of the Xuanling Continent, obviously going to another continent.

"King Xuanling, and your father, you are really interesting."

"However, what my soul clan needs is only the power of the soul. Let you be a strong backer, I am afraid that you will never imagine that the soul clan is strong."

"This time, our soul clan will sit on the mountain and watch the tiger fight, and let's collect our souls quietly."

"Hahaha." After finishing speaking, the person in charge of the soul clan laughed strangely, but the figure under the black robe was somewhat illusory.