Chapter Vol 4 1502: Confluence!

"Hey!" In the Demon Suppression Prison.

The monstrous evil aura black mist continued to emerge, setting off this strange space like hell. At a glance, people couldn't help but look shocked, and those auras seemed extremely sinister and evil.

"I'm back." A moment later, a gate of light appeared, and the figures of Xiao Yan and the five people emerged one after another from the gate of light, but the place where everyone came out at this time was the dead silent valley where the relics of the Heavenly Kings were hidden.

With the complete fall of Tianwangzang, all the evil aura in the mausoleum was purified by its final power, and the purified energy was injected into Xiao Yan's body to help him break through the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals. Rest in peace, no one will step into it, so the strong people who think that they have made great contributions to suppressing the evil race outside the territory are completely dissipated between this world at this moment.

"Dead Silence Valley?" The five people had just landed on the ground, and Xiao Yan suddenly glanced around and said in surprise, Dead Silence Valley was still a gloomy wind, but the original blood of the Earth Spirit and other evil auras existed. All have disappeared.

"It seems that the ruins of the Tianwangzang, where you enter is where you exit." Liu Qing also said thoughtfully, but at this time, the valley was quite quiet, as if no one was there.

"Where are we going now?" After a while, Du Qifei said slowly.

"Now, I am afraid it has reached the white-hot stage of the points competition. I believe that the strong people in the Demon Suppression Prison have already eaten away at each other, in order to obtain points in their own hands. After all, the Tianwang Tibetan Mausoleum did not get them any benefits, I am afraid You can only **** it up on the points.”

"And those who can stay in the Demon Suppression Prison are probably the best and the best on the four continents."

"Let's join our army first, then I have to go to the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison." Xiao Yan thought for a while, then looked at the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison, where there was an unparalleled evil fluctuation , as if he could obliterate himself by turning his hands, but he agreed to Tianwangzang's last wish, so naturally he would not break his promise.

Moreover, although the Sky Poison Temple was obliterated and a lot of points were obtained, the points given to the half-emperor level foreigners are obviously only a few thousand, less than 10,000, so if you want to exchange for the swallowing technique, you obviously need some more points. The help of points.

"Let's go, we'll be with you too." Seeing Xiao Yan's group doing this, Yuan Yan's two daughters said immediately.

The disciples of their sect did not enter the Demon Suppression Prison, so the two of them participated in this competition, so together with Xiao Yan and the others, they could also take care of one more person.

"Thank you." Xiao Yan heard the words and said slowly, but don't underestimate Yuan Yan. Although this girl is only the initial strength of the Three Star Fighting Immortal, if she really does it, I am afraid that she will use the power of the formation to deal with the Three Star Fighting Immortal successfully. The strong do not give in too much.

"In that case."

"Let's go then." Xiao Yan bowed slowly to the gate of light at the entrance of the tomb of the Tianwangzang, and the next moment, the figures of the five people moved as fast as they could, and gathered towards the place where the Dongzhou powerhouse was located.

The points competition in the Demon Suppression Prison has naturally reached its half-heated stage. Since the Tianwang Zang relics, the other powerhouses have withdrawn from the mausoleum and started to kill each other. Obviously, by virtue of their strength, the hands in their hands have been killed. The points on the town magic stone are also rich, and this time the top ten in the points competition are ranked according to the number of points.

The top ten places are the key to whether they can enter Li Soul Realm. After all, not everyone is in reincarnation like Du Qifei. Even if they don't use these competitions, they will be picked up by Li Soul Realm.

"Shabu!" At this time, in a dark mountain in the Demon Suppression Prison, dozens of people were walking slowly. These guys were all surrounded by a trace of black energy like evil things. , but a **** existence like a human emerges, and the evil aura around them actually regards them as the same kind, without any hostility.

"Hey, Brother Mu Ge's method is better." In an instant, a rather dashing man in the team grinned.

They are already in the middle of the Demon Suppression Prison at this time. Although they are not the deepest, the evil aura around them is more intense. From time to time, some tyrannical evil spirit creatures will launch a dazzling attack on them, but the pastoral song uses some means. The evil aura surrounds the body, so it is easy to deceive the detection of these evil auras, so in this demon town, as long as you don't encounter some tyrannical evil things, it is also like walking on the ground.

"Everyone stop."

"There are very few evil things in the periphery, and we are currently heading towards the depths of the Demon Suppression Prison. If we encounter an invincible evil thing, I hope everyone will not be greedy and use the Demon Suppression Stone to escape from here. After all, we have obtained along the way. A lot of points and energy sources are enough to be called fruitful, and this trip is not wasted." After a while, Yu Ran Ran said to the rear troops.

This team of dozens of people is a gathering of the powerhouses above the East Continent. Although there are very few three-star fighting immortal powerhouses, after hunting evil things in the Demon Suppression Prison, the strength of many disciples turned out to be a natural breakthrough. When it came to Sanxing Dou Xian, after adding some evil things, the points were evenly distributed by the leading pastoral people. This group of people greatly admired the words of pastoral songs and others.

"Brothers Mu Ge said very well, thanks to everyone's care along the way, when I go back to Dongzhou in the future, I and other forces will ease the relationship with you." Some strong people used to have grievances with Mu Ge and others, but now they are relieved.

"I don't know what happened to Xiao Yan and the others..." After a while, everyone moved forward cautiously, and Yun Qi said slightly.

"Don't worry, that guy won't get into trouble so easily." Mu Ge and the Yu family sisters also said slowly, but the call of these two sisters on Dongzhou is extremely high, and it seems that these two sisters are very close to each other. One of the elders in Tianming Villa is old, so he will naturally achieve extraordinary achievements in the future.

"Huhu!" After a while, when everyone came to a flat ground, a man in a black robe slowly and completely blocked his path.

"Who is your Excellency?" Madrigal took the lead and stood directly at the front of the team, speaking in an unusually dignified voice.

"Hey, family." After a while, the black-robed man grinned, and then a familiar figure slowly emerged.

"Xiao Gui?" Seeing this familiar scene, Mu Ge was surprised.

"Why are you here?" After a while, Mu Ge rushed up and hugged Xiao Gui and asked.

"When I entered the Deadly Silence Valley before, I was separated from my eldest brother..." After a simple statement, everyone went deeper one after another.

However, Mu Ge and the others discovered that since this Xiao Gui was separated from them, it was like a different person. His strength had also skyrocketed to the level of 3 Star Fighting Immortal Consummation, and even his temperament and aura had undergone earth-shaking changes. Naturally, it's hard to ask this kind of thing.

"arrive."

"Meeting with most of them." After a while, on a flat ground, Xiao Yan and the five looked at the pastoral people from a distance. The powerhouses above Dongzhou finally gathered together at this moment, which also symbolized that The final battle of the town demon prison begins.