Chapter Vol 4 1173: Razer vs Soullock!

"Senior, this guy..." Xiao Yan forcibly suppressed the shock in his body, and slowly asked the Soul Eater in his body.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When the Soul Clan was on the Dou Qi Continent, they were full of evil, and Xiao Yan believed that even if the Soul Clan came to the Great Thousand World, their nature would still remain unchanged.

"The soul clan you mentioned should be the eight ancient clans on the Dou Di Continent." The Soul Eater said.

Although the Lord of Soul Eater is a person from the ghost world, the Dou Di Continent is a very important territory in the human world, and naturally he knows it.

"Exactly..." Xiao Yan responded.

"I don't know if this guy is a soul clan, but he is stained with a very strong ghost energy. He must be a person from the ghost world. As for the soul clan you mentioned, I am afraid it has something to do with the forces behind it." The Lord of Souls shook his head.

"Can you tell what force he belongs to?" Xiao Yan asked. After all, there are still many tyrannical forces in the ghost world.

"I can't for the time being... But after fighting with Yugan, I can tell it after he shows his cards." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Then let's wait and see." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he suddenly became quiet, but Xiao Yan always felt that the identity of this soul clan was not simple.

"Sir, who is this guy so holy?" Bai He, who was hiding in the dark, couldn't help but speak.

It was the first time in Bai He's life that he was able to force the two powerhouses in the late stage of the two-star Dou Xian to nowhere.

"do not know."

"But the chains he used should not be ordinary things."

"I'm afraid I can't keep up with that kind of direct soul terrifying means." Dead Wind shook his head.

After speaking, it was quiet, because the battle in the field had become more and more intense.

"Chuck!" The sound of the collision of metal chains was particularly harsh, filling the hill above.

"Yugan, we can't hold it anymore!" And the fire attribute fighting immortal power on the black-faced tiger was actually defeated by the mysterious man's chain attack, and it was about to be defeated in a blink of an eye.

The Scar Wolf on the side is not too bad. Although he is a wood attribute, the power of the wood attribute fighting immortals has given a lot of defensive power, but in the face of the mysterious person's direct attack on the soul, the scar wolf also has an ugly face.

Soul power is undoubtedly the most difficult to cultivate, and it is also the weakest, but it is the most important.

When fighting against people, if someone interferes with your soul power, you won't be able to perform even fighting skills, and you can only use it as a sandbag that can be attacked by others.

"Go away, let me come!" After a while, there was a thunder field around the trunk. The area of ​​the thunder field was more than 100 meters, and it was full of black thunder!

The power of the black thunder is stronger than the power of the ordinary silver thunder attribute Fighting Immortal!

Yu Gan used such a means, because he was aware of the difficulty of this mysterious person, and he did not dare to hide it.

"Thunder snakes come to the world, annihilate!" At the next moment, all the thunder in the 100-meter thunderfield actually converged towards a certain point under the watchful eyes of the public, and then, a black giant snake with a body over 100 meters in size. , volley appeared!

"嘁偁嘁!" The black giant snorted the snake letter slightly, and the Xeon's breath was unmistakable. It was wrapped in black thunder, and its snake eyes stared at the mysterious man, as if it had spirituality.

"What a tyrannical attack, it seems that this guy's strength of Samsung Dou Xian is not false..." The mysterious man couldn't help muttering when he saw the black giant snake.

Because with the black-robed man's sense of smell, he could smell a dangerous aura from the black giant snake, not to mention the extremely dazzling black thunder around the giant snake!

"One locks the sky, and two locks the ground!"

"Soul lock!"

"Give this deity a lock!" And the man in black robe was not to be outdone, he shouted loudly, and the pitch-black chain in his hand swelled countless times in an instant, and then roared away at the giant snake in the sky.

"The rune on the chain... how does it feel a little familiar?"

"It seems a bit like a trace of the origin of the guy in the ghost kingdom?" The Soul Eater said to himself just after seeing the tiny runes on the mysterious black-robed man's chain swelled several times.

"Thunder is the nemesis of your eerie atmosphere!"

"Fall for me!" Seeing this, Yu Gan couldn't help but let out an extremely crazy smile!

The aura on this black-robed man is very eerie, and his thunder power is the power of steadfastness and his best nemesis. This guy's actions are tantamount to sending him to death!

"Is it……"

"That's not necessarily true!" The black-robed man, however, dismissed Yu Gan's pride and laughed directly.

"Boom boom boom!" Facing the fierce breath of the pitch-black chains, the black giant snake was not to be outdone. She opened its mouth, and a dazzling black thunder suddenly emerged, and then swayed its huge body and whizzed away at it.

"Breakthrough!"

"Choke choke!" The sound of the giant snake swallowing the snake letter and the sound of the black chain metal colliding echoed over the hills, and the two formed a series of harsh noises!

However, when the two were at a stalemate, the rune on the black chain suddenly fell off faintly, and then attacked the black giant snake.

"This guy... is about to lose." Looking at the two men in the sky who seemed to be evenly matched, Dead Wind, who was hiding in the dark, couldn't help but say.

"How could it be... Yugan's attack wasn't..." Bai He had just finished speaking, and before he could finish speaking, bursts of dazzling energy ripples erupted in the sky.

"Shabu Shabu!" The black giant snake, which had the upper hand, was instantly entangled by the jet-black chain!

Just now, the dark chain was entangled, and the mysterious black rune on the chain suddenly fell off at a speed visible to the naked eye!

The next moment, all attached to the body of the black giant snake!

"嘁嘁嘁!" The black serpent was attached to it by the black ~ Suddenly, the black giant snake let out a burst of extremely painful screams, even the black thunder that originally permeated outside the black giant snake's body. At a speed visible to the naked eye, it fell apart.

"How could it be possible..." Feeling this scene, Yu Gan, who had always been proud, suddenly turned weird.

"Susu..."

"The guy from the ghost day, it's nothing more than that..."

"It really disappoints me."

"Yinhuntian guys are just some frogs in the bottom of the well." The black-robed man seemed to have discovered the strong man hiding in the dark, so he said these words so loudly that everyone could hear them.

"Sir, you can't wait any longer."

"If Yugan fails, I'm afraid we won't be able to keep this guy with our manpower here." A respected old man next to Baihe couldn't help saying.

"Yes." Dead Wind heard the words and raised his hand gently.

"Go!" Bai He looked at Dead Wind's gesture, and immediately said what it meant.

As soon as the voice fell, dozens of strong men suddenly showed a tyrannical aura, trying to explode and attack the black-robed man.

"Wait a minute..."

"The energy in Yugan's body is skyrocketing violently, what's going on?" The next moment, just as everyone was about to start, they were shocked by the words of the dead wind.

Thank you for the reward of the bag

End of this chapter