Chapter Vol 4 1179: get it

"Damn!"

"How could you have holy flame!"

"You can't be from the ghost world at all, who are you?" Hun Wuya's figure was knocked back dozens of meters by Xiao Yan's blow, and his voice kept roaring.

"I am the one who took your life." Xiao Yan was not talking nonsense. He was brewing a huge offensive. Since the power of the Holy Flame suppressed him, he would naturally use thunder to obliterate him and cut off future troubles.

"Our ghost world is independent. If you humans from the six worlds enter our ghost world, they will undoubtedly be wanted by our ghost world."

"You're not from the ghost world at all, yet you are trespassing in the ghost world!"

"Aren't you afraid of attracting the wrath of the great powers of our ghost world?" Hun Wuya couldn't help shouting, his voice was full of madness!

There are many creatures in the ghost world, but if you want to have a holy flame, you can only have two, and the holy flame on Xiao Yan's body clearly contains a very strong aura, which is clearly not the original inhabitant of the ghost world!

In addition to the fact that the ghost world is independent, it is quite harsh to the people of the other six worlds, which leads to their current appearance.

"You'd better worry about yourself first!"

"Fortune Fist!"

"One punch jumps the mountain!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the blue-yellow flames slowly wrapped around his fist, and then a wave of indifference brewed in that fist.

"Where the **** is this bastard!"

"The guy with holy flame, I'm afraid..."

"No, I have to go first, otherwise I'm very likely to fall into his hands." At this moment, Hun Wuya temporarily dissipated all the pride in his heart, because he knew that even if it was his own two-star Douxian perfect strength , in the face of a weak one-star fighting immortal, it is also possible to capsize in the gutter!

Not for anything else, just because he is seriously injured now, and even this guy has holy flames on his body!

"I want to leave now, it's too late!"

"Pick me up!" And how could Xiao Yan give Hun Wuya a chance to escape? The blue-yellow flames above his fists became more and more intense, and even above the good fortune punch, a terrifying coercion that shook the world and then shook the world. , came suddenly!

"Ah, ah!" Hun Wuya had no defense, and was directly hit by Xiao Yan's fierce punch. Suddenly, there was no bone-shattering sound, but a strange, rustling sound that slowly dissipated.

"Little chops!"

"This deity has to kill you!" With such huge damage to his body, Soul Wuya couldn't help roaring, his voice was full of madness.

"Susu." At this moment, the soul without cliffs directly took off the black robe covering him, revealing his original appearance.

"Soul body?" With the disappearance of the black robe, the true face of Soul Wuya was also revealed. Xiao Yan just saw this and couldn't help but be surprised.

What caught Xiao Yan's eyes was an almost transparent phantom. That phantom was clearly the smell of the soul!

The so-called soul body exists separately from the human body. This is also Xiao Yanyuan on the Dou Qi Continent, and he knows that it is the usual trick of the soul clan. They themselves are soul bodies, so they use some special chain methods to capture other souls. body, thereby swallowing up the power!

"Boom boom boom!" Soul Wuya's soul body was just revealed, and there was a gust of gloomy wind in this formation.

"The power of holy flame, burn me!" And Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly. When he saw this guy showing his true body, he frowned, and holy flame crystals continued to emerge in his body, and then suddenly burned in the formation. , which contains the incomparably strong and holy aura of Sheng Yan, which even vaguely and directly forced the soul body of Soul Wuya to retreat!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Little bastard!" Hun Wuya, who showed his true body, couldn't help roaring while dealing with the power of the holy flame and at the same time resisting Xiao Yan's attack.

"you…"

"A person from the Soul Clan?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask tentatively as he looked at the retreating Soul Wuya.

"what!"

"How could you possibly know about the Soul Clan?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the expression of the Soul Wuya Soul Body changed dramatically, his eyes fixed on Xiao Yan.

"It seems that my guess is correct."

"But it's okay, they are all old rivals." Xiao Yan smiled slowly.

As soon as the voice fell, the blue-colored holy flame crystal and the khaki-yellow holy flame crystal suddenly appeared on his hands.

This Soul Wuya's soul body strength can reach the perfect strength of the two-star Dou Xian. Xiao Yan's current strength in the early stage of the 1-star Dou Xian, if he wants to destroy him, I am afraid it will be a bit difficult.

However, the soul lock of Soul Wuya was broken by Yu Gan, which caused a serious injury to the source. In addition, Xiao Yan was carrying two kinds of holy flames at the same time, so it was not difficult to deal with this guy.

"impossible!"

"Two kinds of holy flames?" The next moment, Hun Wuya looked flustered, staring at Xiao Yan as if he were looking at a monster, his eyes were full of awe!

In the vast world, let alone his little ghost world soul, even some real powers, I am afraid there is no precedent for possessing two kinds of holy flames at the same time, but now in front of him, it is the one who possesses two kinds of holy flames. Duo Shengyan human?

"It's time to end!"

"The undead leaves are mine. As for the secrets of your soul clan, I, Xiao Yan, will thoroughly investigate one day." Xiao Yan gently twisted the two Saint Flame Crystals in his hand, and suddenly there were khaki liquid and cyan liquid. Flowing out slowly, blasting away at Soul Wuya!

And the two kinds of liquids are the power of the source of the two holy flames. The guy who can be dealt with by Xiao Yan using the two kinds of holy flames at the same time is enough to be called a strong one!

"Xiao Yan?"

"You are the Xiao Yan in the lower realm who destroyed the strength of our soul clan branch?" Hearing the word Xiao Yan, UU read www.uukanshu. com Soul Wuya suddenly understood something.

"Hey, wait!" When Xiao Yan heard the words, his face changed greatly, because from the shock of the soulless cliff just now, he knew something, and then he couldn't help but take back the source of holy flame, trying to ask what traces he found.

It's a pity that things backfired. The two sources of holy flames were like a dam bursting, and they came to the Soul Wuya in an instant, and then attached to their soul body and suddenly burned!

"Boom boom boom!" The khaki flame and cyan flame turned into a raging fire, instantly burning the soulless soul body clean!

Soul Wuya's strength is indeed the perfect two-star fighting immortal, but the source is damaged, and when two kinds of holy flames are shot at the same time, it is naturally so vulnerable.

"Hey, it's a miscalculation." Xiao Yan reluctantly came to the place where Soul Wuya was destroyed, and gently took out the remaining holding ring, carefully checked it, and the undead leaf ice cage was indeed inside, and then carefully took it out. Thus, the Nana Ring will be completely wiped out.

"It's time to go back."

"Undying Ye and Dou Soul, it's time to start." Xiao Yan smiled slowly, then dissipated the formation in an instant, and headed towards the Ghost King City.

Xiao Yan's figure just left, and the figures of Soul Hao and Death Feng also appeared in the place where the two had just fought.

"not good…"

"Hun Wuya was actually plotted against..." Hun Hao's eyes turned cold, and then he swiftly walked towards the place where Hun Wuya fell.

End of this chapter