Chapter Vol 4 1506: Fire Rock Crimson Lotus vs Soul Sail

"Crash!" Inside the Holy Flame Space, after Xiao Yan displayed the Holy Flame, his aura was so strong, and even by virtue of the resonance between the Holy Flame and the Holy Flame space, Xiao Yan's breath at this time reached the perfection of the Three Star Fighting Immortal in a short period of time. The peak of , although this kind of power is only temporarily possessed by the holy flame and holy flame space, but it is enough to deal with the soul evil.

On the other hand, looking at the evil spirits, countless black qi emerged from all over the body, and the black qi was filled with a roar of extremely mournful voices, as if there were countless strange souls that had decayed but were trying to devour Xiao Yan, which was shocking.

"Boom!" In an instant, on the body of the soul, one after another hideous faces emerged.

"What is this..." Although Xiao Yan had the holy flame in his hands, he still felt a bit of difficulty in the face of a ghost with a strange black knife and such a huge soul force as a backup.

"Let you taste what real pain is!"

"Soul Sail!" In an instant, the soul's body suddenly became shaken, and then an extremely painful roar emerged from his body in an instant.

"Boom!" In the next moment, a group of colorless and transparent huge soul bodies, with unstoppable momentum, gushed directly from the black mist, and flew away to the space in front of the soul, as if brewing some terrible killing. Recruit general!

"This……"

"This guy actually collected such a huge soul body." When Xiao Yan saw this, the countless soul bodies all over the soul escaped frantically from the black robe, and fled everywhere, but he still hadn't escaped. The black robe was several meters away, and it was melted into the strange black mist in front of him!

At the same time, the cloud of black mist in front of the soul is still increasing, and the huge soul body is continuously transported from its body to gather it away. , can only temporarily escape.

"Hahaha!"

"When I succeed, you will wait to die!" An incomparable crazy voice suddenly came out of the black robe of the soul.

"So Soul Sail?"

"This guy is also willing." Seeing such a turbulent scene, the Lord of Soul Eater couldn't help laughing.

"Master, what is this thing?" Although Xiao Yan didn't see this thing, he must have been hidden in his black robe by the ghost, but even so, Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly, the dazzling holy flame emerged, Dozens of flame barriers were set up in front of him, and he immediately asked.

"The Hall of Souls collects the three souls and seven souls of the lone soul and the wild ghost, and even directly dispatches the strong to obliterate some high-level pharmacists, so as to collect their complete soul body. After all, the lone ghost and the three souls and seven souls are only the soul body part."

"And the Soul Search Sail is the place in the Soul Palace specially used to store this kind of creature."

"The Soul Search Sail was researched by the experts in the Soul Palace. There are many similar items in the Soul Palace, but there are probably thousands of creatures in any one item."

"These creatures are imprisoned in the dark soul search sail all day long, and they are tortured." The Soul Eater murmured.

"Why are these guys collecting soul bodies like the Soul Palace in Dou Qi Continent as always?"

"Could it be that he has become the soul of breaking through the realm of the gods?" Xiao Yan thought.

"Hey, I don't know, but the soul power of the gods cannot be achieved by swallowing foreign objects." The Lord of Soul Eater smiled, obviously there was something in his words.

"Let's deal with this guy first. If there is a chance in a while, I will lose the formation stone of the Qiankun Ancient Array to him. After all, this guy is willing to use the soul search sail. We can't be stingy and respectful exchanges." The next moment, watching Brewing a more powerful offensive, the Lord of Soul Eater suddenly saw through some of the latter's thoughts, and immediately laughed.

"Okay." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the powers of the Holy Flame and the Great Heavenly Seed in his hands also appeared in one hand, and in coordination with the tyrannical flesh tempered by the Dragon God's first transformation, they slowly turned the two The flames gave the attempt to send the fusion together!

It's just that this fusion is not as usual. In the past, most of them only relied on the power of the Holy Flame and the Great Heavenly Seed, but at this time, the source of the two was displayed, holding the khaki-colored Holy Flame Crystal in one hand and holding it in the other. The fire-red origin of the crimson flame that lives in the great heaven, the fusion of the origin of these two flames, the power will be more damaging than ever before.

"What the **** is this guy doing?"

"This is the first time I've seen a human being with the power of the Great Celestial Seed and the Holy Flame..." Although Soul Evil is proud, Xiao Yan is a descendant of the Xiao Clan, and this Xiao Clan, even if it is the Soul Clan behind their Soul Palace In the middle, those great powers are extremely afraid, so the soul evil will naturally not give Xiao Yan the opportunity to escape again, so the soul search sail is used. There are nearly a thousand soul bodies in this soul search sail, and these soul bodies are The achievements of his ghosts for nearly ten years, after all, the weakest soul body strength is also at the level of fighting immortals. It will naturally take a lot of time to collect so many numbers.

"Weng Om Om!" Xiao Yan didn't stop as the soul evil was brewing a terrifying offensive. The two flames in his hand were slowly approaching the center, trying to merge.

"What a strong repulsive force... If this continues, the power of the Great Heavenly Seed will be directly swallowed by the Holy Flame, it can't be like this."

"Feng Jue, get up!" Xiao felt that the source power of the Great Heavenly Seed seemed to be afraid of the Holy Flame, and there was a fiery breath on the Saint Flame Crystal, as if he wanted to devour the Great Heavenly Seed and turn it into his own power. , can only rely on the peculiar effect of Fen Jue to neutralize the power of the two.

"Crash!" It was strange to say that, with the sight of Fen Jue, the fighting qi that had been tempered by Fen Jue just emerged, and the two sources of flames became quiet, and then Xiao Yan was allowed to slowly merge.

"Xuuuu!" There was no resistance, and Xiao Yan's fusion was quite easy. After a while, a longan-sized fire lotus seed with fiery red and khaki slowly emerged The fire lotus seed is a great heavenly seed. The fusion product of Scarlet Flame and Fire Heart Tianyan Sacred Flame. It's just that the khaki color occupies nearly two-thirds of the time. Obviously, the holy flame is too powerful than the big heaven. radiate out.

"Let's call you Huoyan Feiyan." Feeling the tyrannical destructive power of the fire lotus seeds in his hands, Xiao Yan smiled contentedly.

"Xiao Yan, please accept your fate." After a while, the two attacks slowly brewed. Suddenly, in this space, countless soul bodies formed a ferocious spirit of resentment in mid-air, and the whole resentment spirit was caused by soul power. It has no form, it is just an ethereal energy body, but it is this mysterious spirit that gives Xiao Yan an unprecedented sense of heaviness.

"Hoohoo!"

"Go, Huoyan Feiyan!" Xiao Yan's eyes became sharp, and the burning art in his body moved rapidly, instantly pouring into the exquisite lotus seed in his hand, and suddenly, a wave of destruction flames slowly dispersed.

With the interweaving of the red resentful spirit and Xiao Yan's Huoyan crimson flames, the holy flame space was completely ignited.