Chapter Vol 4 1852: She is here for me!

"Boom!" Countless energy ripples spread out from the sky, the sky and the earth changed color, and space cracks with a length of thousands of meters spread from the sky at a terrifying speed.

The incomparably pitch-black space crack, I don't know where it leads, but the fierce evil spirit contained in it makes countless people look solemn.

"Hahaha!"

"Xiao Yan, let this hall master die!" With one blow, countless blood cloud energies turned into huge waves, and with the body of Soul Wuji, they roared away at Xiao Yan.

"Devil's Blade!" Xiao Yan stepped back continuously, directly at the tip of his toes in the void, and blasted away at Soul Wuji.

The blow just now was actually evenly matched, both of them were damaged, and Xiao Yan had just mastered the power of the devil, so the above were evenly matched.

"Soul invades the blood heart!" Soul Wuji, surrounded by blood waves, suddenly sneered, and pointed his illusory finger towards Xiao Yan in the air. Following it, countless gloomy black mists filled the countless cracks in the surrounding space at the same time. When it came out, it shook violently like a huge organ, and it swelled together in an instant.

"I didn't control my power just now, but now..."

"Soul Wuji, it's over!" Just as the wave of fluctuations had just dissipated, a stern voice, with irresistible killing intent, swept the sky.

"Crash!" Above the demon's blade, a cold light flashed, and Soul Wuji suddenly felt a chill behind him, and saw the horror in his eyes from above the blade.

"Whoosh whoosh." With a gentle wave, the demon's blade was like a cutting blade, completely ignoring Soul Wuji's attack and slashing its illusory soul body.

One sword and two cuts!

"Puchi Puchi!" Soul Wuji had an unbelievable look on his pupils, his body shrank violently, and the blood waves under his feet temporarily lost control, and filled the sky with a menacing momentum.

"No...impossible!" Soul Wuji noticed that the vitality in his body was rapidly disappearing, his pupils shrank tightly, and he lost his voice.

The blood furnace is the most eerie immortal weapon in the Soul Palace. With the enhancement of many soul bodies, it can't even beat a single Xiao Yan?

"I'm a demon, and I'm also Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan didn't talk nonsense with this guy. The demon's blade was flashing dark green evil light, and it continued to stab at Soul Wuji. The demon power didn't even know how tyrannical he was. Seven Star Fighting Immortal's perfect soul Wuji is naturally impossible to find out.

"Weng buzzing!" In a few breaths, this invincible soul Wuji, the soul body was completely destroyed in Xiao Yan's hands, and even through the devil's blade, a trace of extremely dazzling soul power was fed back to Xiao Yan.

It seems that since he obtained the power of the devil, every time he kills a person, there will be a little power feedback to himself, and he does not know whether it is a blessing or a curse.

"Let's disperse." The soul Wuji was completely resolved. The dark green evil energy spread on Xiao Yan's body, and the blood wave was easily wiped out. However, this world was already riddled with holes, and there were several huge waves. The cracks in the space reveal a sense of enchantment.

...

...

...

Xiao Yan is still standing in the sky, but even now, the demon state has not been lifted.

"The knot... it's over?" After a long while, the countless humans below said in a stunned voice, looking at Xiao Yan's majestic figure above the sky, at this moment, Xiao Yan was like a god's mansion, like a **** in the eyes of human beings .

"The soul hall belongs to Xiao Yan in the case of Hun Wuji's desperate gamble just now, and the rest of Lin Feng and Lin Fengya's remnant army, as well as the hidden power of the Holy See, have lost the two angel guards. In this case, I am afraid I can only admit that I am unlucky.”

"Father, we won." Looking at the figure of the demon Xiao Yan above the void, Lin Yunshu let out a sigh of relief and showed a rare smile.

"I'm afraid... things are not that simple." At this moment, Emperor Lin Shiyuan's face was extremely ugly, and he didn't have any joy at all. He also stared at a certain place in the mountain range with the same soul power and eyes, an irresistible depression. filled his mind.

At this time, he is also the power of a half-step eight-star fighting immortal, but under that power, he is like a child, and even if the two guardian angels completely fall, Soul Wuji completely falls, the enchantment of light above the sky, there is no The slightest sign of disintegration.

This shows that there are still powerhouses in the Holy See, and the strength of that powerhouse is only not weaker than that of the two angel guards!

"Father, what's going on?" A group of high-ranking members of the royal family beside him seemed to be after a catastrophe, cheering and jumping on Xiao Yan's name, but Lin Yuner and Ji Xuan were aware of something and asked quietly.

"Sigh, things may be more complicated than I thought." At this time, Emperor Lin slowly shook his head and his eyes resolutely appeared, his body squirmed slightly, and flew towards Xiao Yan above the sky.

"Let's go!" Seeing this, Lin Yunshu and Ji Xuan didn't ask any more questions, their bodies filled with a grudge, and they turned towards Xiao Yan together.

Endless dark green evil light scattered across the sky, every trace of evil light appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes, these evil lights sometimes showed the figure of Gamma, and sometimes the figure of Marr appeared.

"The power of the devil has no absolute distinction between good and evil. It is you who made me, thank you." Xiao Yan raised his palm slowly, and weakly dissipated the dark green evil light. His voice was extremely soft, but under the softness, he It is hiding a killing intent that is close to madness.

The evil light was slowly dissipated by Xiao Yan, but in the end he was defeated by the barrier of light. At this moment, in Xiao Yan's body, the blood of the devil was roaring. Like declaring war.

Silence, death-like silence, but under this silence, there is a strong aura that surpasses the few people just now.

"Qinxin." Xiao Yan looked at the three people who were approaching, his strong voice carried a hint of strangeness.

Qin Xin heard the words, as if she had been struck by lightning, her delicate body suddenly trembled, and Ji Xuan, who was supporting the princess, smelled an invisible wave of death from this trembling.

"We will protect you...even if it is the entire royal family."

"Never die, fight until the last soldier." Lin Yunshu and Ji Xuan looked at each other, then Zaidu and Emperor Lin looked at each other with a firm tone, as if this short sentence represented a thousand words.

"This is my business, I..." Demon Xiao Yan shook his head, obviously not wanting them to interfere, after all, once they intervene, the entire royal family and the entire Tianxing Continent will be implicated!

"Little guy, thank you."

"Qinxin can have such a good senior brother as you..." Emperor Lin also smiled with relief.

He seems to prefer sons to daughters. Since he was very young, he has rarely spent time with Qinxin. Qinxin's mother died early. I heard that the maid said that every time Qinxin was in the dark and thunderous, he would be extremely scared.

Fear of sleeping alone...

Afraid of waking up in the middle of the night in an empty room with no one...

Fear……

If possible, I hope I can do it all over ~ To be a qualified father for Qinxin, not an emperor, nor a king of a country, nor for the rare power of stars on Qinxin, just a little girl's father.

Give her a solid hug when she's scared, and be by her side when she's scared.

She simply met Xiao Yan later, and was helped by Xiao Yan to unlock the power of the stars, and then she met Ji Xuan, so the emperor's thank you contained thousands of words.

"thank you all……"

"But I'm a devil, and I'm also Xiao Yan!"

"So... let's go!" Seeing the three of them with such a firm expression, Xiao Yan couldn't help feeling a little sour, his nose was sour, and an unruly demonic power spread out.

At the same time, in the mountain range surrounded by the enchantment of light, a scene of white flames suddenly jumped up, like a holy elf who controls all evil in the world, burning and shining the entire mountain range!