Chapter 632: The shock brought by the power of 8 products

"The next team!" A voice slowly came from within the gentle house.

"You guys, go in." Outside the door, some senior brothers who were in charge of vigilance said to Xiao Yan and the others.

Xiao Yan's brows moved slightly one by one, and he found that the figure in charge of vigilance here is extremely powerful, even Xiao Yan's late six-star Dou Emperor could not see through it.

"Let's go." Xiao Yan and the others came directly from the back of the team to the front, and all this was thanks to Lingxuan.

If it wasn't for Lingxuan's relationship with these senior brothers, I'm afraid I'd have to waste a lot of time here.

"Squeak." With a sound, Xiao Yan and the others entered the house, slowly closed the door, and then took a few steps forward.

At this time, in the room, there was only a middle-aged man holding a paintbrush looking at Xiao Yan and the others.

The middle-aged man is in good spirits, making people feel in high spirits at first glance.

"Come here, some junior brothers." The figure with the brush in his hand said.

"Hee hee in a hurry." Several people moved towards each other slowly.

"Report to me the names of the halls where the five of you are, your own names, and your strength for registration." The middle-aged man slowly raised his hand holding the paintbrush and looked at several people.

I don't know why, the first time this middle-aged man saw Xiao Yan, it was as if something had loosened in his heart, which was very strange.

"This kid seems to have some secrets." The middle-aged man said slowly.

"I'll come first." The next moment, the green flute said first.

"Yes." The rest of Xiao Yan also nodded their heads one after another. Obviously, the sequence had nothing to do with it.

"This person's aura is extremely strange, even a bit like the poisonous fighting spirit of the Medusa clan?" Ling Xuan stood aside, carefully discerning the strength of the green flute.

Since she decided to join the team, Lingxuan had to be serious.

According to Lingxuan's estimation, although this green flute has an extremely enchanting figure, looking at her aura, it seems that she is only around the early stage of a five-star fighting emperor.

"The green flute, from the Hall of People." The green flute said slowly, the voice was extremely gentle and did not carry any energy.

Green Flute just started talking, the middle-aged man wrote like a genius, and drew directly on the white paper in front of him.

"What about strength..." The middle-aged man said immediately after seeing the green flute pause slightly.

"In terms of strength... the late Five-Star Dou Emperor." Green Flute said with a smile.

"Five-star Dou Emperor late stage?" Green Flute's words just fell, and Ling Xuan said incredulously.

The aura on this green flute is far less terrifying, how could it possess the terrifying strength of the late Five-Star Dou Emperor?

"Inject your vindictive energy into this." The middle-aged man stopped the paintbrush in his hand, then took out a prismatic crystal and said to the green flute.

Hearing the words, Green Flute snorted lightly, and then the Dou Qi in his body burst out to him.

"It's true." After some twists and turns, the middle-aged man also determined the strength of the green flute, and registered its information to create the next one.

"I'll come." Mu Feng said slowly.

Xiao Yan and the others nodded when they heard the words.

"Mu Feng, from the Hall of People, the late five-star fighting emperor." Mu Feng said with a smile.

"Another five-star Dou Emperor late stage?" Now it was the middle-aged man's turn to be surprised.

He has been registered here for decades, but he has never encountered such a situation!

In the past, although there were more than ten disciples in the Hall of Humanity, without exception, their strength was mediocre. The strength of the strongest was at the level of the Five-Star Dou Emperor in the later stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. The existence of this time, two disciples of the late Five-Star Dou Emperor appeared directly in the team competition hall this time, but the heart caused a lot of surprise to the registered man.

"Okay, next one." The middle-aged man suppressed his surprise and said after registering Mu Feng.

"How could the strength of this man's palace suddenly become so tyrannical?" Ling Xuan frowned and said slowly.

As the daughter of the Palace Master, I often heard her father say how the Human Palace was, so I knew all too well about the Human Palace.

"I'll do it." Mu Yingying smiled, then said to the middle-aged man.

"Mu Yingying, from the Hall of Humans, is a six-star Dou Emperor early stage." After Mu Yingying finished speaking, a white energy in her body slowly left her.

"This is... the power of life?"

"And this life force has reached the level of eighth-rank?" The next moment, the man in charge of registration suddenly exclaimed, and stood up suddenly from the sitting state!

"what?"

"The power of eighth-rank students?" The next moment, not to mention the man in charge of registration was restless, even Lingxuan became restless!

The power of eighth-rank students, this is the real killer!

After passing through the six-star Dou Di life calamity, the power of birth will be born in the body. The power of birth is the same as the fighting qi, but it is undoubtedly more powerful than the ordinary fighting qi!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Moreover, once the power of eighth-rank students fights against people, the various benefits will be revealed!

If a powerhouse in the early stage of the Six-Star Dou Di had the power of being born at the eighth rank, then even against a powerhouse who only had the power of a sixth-rank student in the later stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor, he would have a chance to fight. force!

This is the various advantages between the ninth grades of the power of life!

"How could it be the power of eighth-rank students..." Ling Xuanwei couldn't believe it, because the power of life in her body, even with her father, was only of the seventh-rank!

However, even the strength of a seventh-rank student is enough to lead many of his peers.

"Sit down." After a brief period of surprise, the registered man found that he had lost his temper, and immediately spoke slowly.

"It seems that there are some terrifying guys in this man's palace this time. This matter must be reported as soon as possible." The registered man said slowly in his heart.

"Next." The middle-aged man said slowly.

"Ling Xuan, from the Hall of Earth, the middle stage of the Six-Star Dou Di." Ling Xuan's voice was still mixed with a lot of shock.

"The Lord of the Earth Palace is actually willing to send his precious daughter out this time." The registered man was naturally aware of the powerful relationship, so he registered quickly.

"Okay, the last one." After registering the information of the four, he looked at the guy with a heavy weight among the five!

Although I don't know the strength of this guy, but the registered man feels that this person is definitely not simple.

"Xiao Yan, from the Hall of People."

"In terms of strength In the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Di." Xiao Yan said calmly, as if he was telling a simple matter.

"The late Six Star Dou Di?" Ling Xuan heard the words, her lips biting slightly, obviously extremely unbelievable!

She Lingxuan believed that she was talented, but when Xiao Yan entered the Fenxiang Pavilion, Xiao Yan was only the strength of a four-star Dou Emperor, but Lingxuan's strength had reached that of a five-star Dou Emperor at that time. In just five years, How could Xiao Yan have thrown her, the arrogant son of the world, so far?

Even if Lingxuan was killed, Lingxuan couldn't believe it.

"The late Six-Star Dou Di?" The registered man hesitated in disbelief.

The next moment, Xiao Yan couldn't even speak in his head, his whole body moved, and he went directly to the prismatic crystal that sensed power on the man's palm!

"Bang bang bang!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's power made that solid prismatic crystal explode instantly!

"I'm afraid the situation of this kid can't be determined, so I can only report it." The registration man gritted his teeth and immediately registered the information of the five people.

"This power has really reached the level of the late Six-Star Dou Emperor... But why didn't he feel any vitality in him?" Ling Xuan naturally knew that the power enough to make the prismatic crystal explode can only reach the level of the Six-Star Dou Emperor. At the later stage, it was only strange that Xiao Yan did not have any vitality in his body.

Anyone who has passed through the Six-Star Dou Di Tribulation will have the power of birth born in his body, what the **** is going on with this Xiao Yan!

Lingxuan couldn't help but become more interested in Xiao Yan.

Ask for tickets!