Chapter Vol 4 2235: No. 10 on the Holy Flame List, Wulu Zilingyan...

"Let's go, we've settled here, it's time to go back."

"But how do you get back to the statue of Goddess Yaoji from here?"

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi looked at each other, a little stunned.

"Dian Anli, you have suffered for a long time. In this life, let's be so lonely... Reincarnate and reincarnate."

At this moment, in this quiet void, the void suddenly became twisted, and a purple rune violently burned countless purple flames, completely burning the broken coffin in one fell swoop. The power of the elf and the bones of the elf were obtained by Xiao Yi. , the last remaining elf breath and its imprint have been completely burned by Yao Ji's move.

In the dust that has disappeared, there is a faint whisper of reincarnation, which is extremely mysterious.

"You two have done a good job, come with me."

Yaoji's voice fell, and she casually tapped through the void, and Zaidu led the two back to her statue.

"Your Majesty Yao Ji."

Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi looked at each other and followed them respectfully.

If it wasn't for the guidance of the goddess Yaoji, with the blessing of the broken God-Execution Ruler and the power of the holy pattern, I am afraid that the two of them would not be able to complete this predicament.

"Your Majesty..."

The two quietly followed the goddess Yaoji, until Yaoji didn't move for a long time, they couldn't help but reminded loudly, but this time, when they returned to the space of Yaoji's statue, a scorching energy rushed towards them.

"Dong, dong, dong!"

Yao Ji ignored it and brought the two to the center of the void.

On the disk held up by the nine elves' stone statues, there seemed to be a very weak aura emerging. At this time, Yao Ji was staring intently at the disk.

"Whoa!"

With a sound, being pulled by the goddess Yaoji, a purple flame suddenly appeared on the disc, and there seemed to be some kind of creature looming in the flame.

"Put-puff-puff!"

As that faint purple flame emerged, the amber rock soul fire in Xiao Yan's body shrank violently, trembled, and even his heart beat suddenly.

An extremely frightening chill spread throughout the body, not only with an extremely rare fear, but also with an extremely crazy greed!

"This?"

Xiao Yi was also a little puzzled. The samsara mark between the eyebrows shone brightly and shone on the disc. Immediately, her eyes just stared at the disc.

On the disk that was dragged up by the nine elves' stone statues, there was suddenly a trace of hot purple mist around it. The purple mist spread out, actually making this space completely quiet.

"This is?"

Xiao Yan forcibly restrained the surprise in his body, his eyes narrowed slightly and stared in front of him.

The purple mist above the disc disappeared quietly, and the purple flame in front of him suddenly burned slightly, and even the void around the disc became distorted, and a graceful and weak elk lay quietly on it.

The elk is full of purple and purple, and on the beautiful body, there is no doubt that kindness, nobility and gentleness are on display. There is a touch of pain and heat in the deer's eyes, and the whole body is shrunk into a spherical shape and coiled on the disk, with fluffy purple hair. It is extraordinarily warm, but the dark lines on it spread out, carrying a series of incomprehensible evil fluctuations, which turned out to make this elk miserable!

Even so, between the two antlers of this elk, a faint purple flame slowly burned, and as the purple flame rose, the entire void had a very serious sense of distortion!

"Wong buzzing!"

Looking at it, Xiao Yan's six-layer spiritual palace became restless, and Sheng Yan actually burst out with an extremely angry roar, a weak breath, and invaded.

It seems that under this weak purple flame, even the many holy flames in Xiao Yan's body are now only dormant and a deep sense of anger!

"This is... holy flame?"

The strong shock and the tenderness from the amber flames in his body deeply shocked Xiao Yan.

When I first saw it, I didn't know what was on the plate, but when I saw it, I knew the shadow on the plate!

"YoYo!"

The weak Ziyan Elk's beast's eyes opened, watching Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan vigilantly, but when he noticed Yao Ji's shadow, he suddenly let out a very intimate whisper!

"The one who appeared in front of you was one of the holy flames."

"It is ranked tenth on the Holy Flame List. The world calls it Yaoji Ziyan, only I call it..."

"Wulu Purple Spirit Flame!"

After the Ziyan Elk murmured so much, Yao Ji turned around and there was a rare heartache in her eyes.

"No, the world only knows its holy flame source technique, but they don't know that its antlers are elf horns, which are enough to isolate all poisons in the world."

"Wulu is the spirit of holy flame. In order to protect the source of holy flame, it has already run out of light. However, holy flame has also suffered extremely rare damage, so holy flame must be repaired before it can be used."

"The two of you, one is a disciple of the Holy King, and the other is a disciple of mine. The palms of your hands and the backs of your hands are full of flesh, you can choose for yourself."

"After a stick of incense, I will join hands with Wulu to use the power of other holy flames in your body as a guide to repair this holy flame together."

Yaoji stared blankly at other places, and did not dare to look at Wulu at all, as if she was ashamed of it.

"Second brother..."

"It's up to you to do this."

"I've achieved a lot."

After a few minutes of touching, Xiao Yi smiled heartily, scratching his head and looking shy.

"You."

"This holy flame is made by relying on the goddess Yaoji, and you are carrying the seal of reincarnation under the crown of Yaoji. You are more important than me."

Xiao Yan naturally knew what Xiao Yi was thinking, and scolded him directly and sternly.

"Do not……"

"I don't want it. This holy flame is given to the second brother. The second brother needs it more than I do."

"Reincarnation is enough."

Xiao Yi directly shook her head and said, her shy voice was filled with an irresistible firmness.

"What do you call a holy flame?"

"Just let it go?"

"You guy doesn't give me peace of mind at all!"

"You must give me this!"

However, Xiao Yan shook his head and rejected Xiao Yi's kindness. This kind of important matter cannot be tolerated in the slightest.

"Whoa!"

Before Xiao Yan finished speaking, Xiao Yi suddenly closed her eyes, the cyan elf power in her body could no longer be suppressed, and the purple energy of Samsara Yin and the cyan energy actually began to slowly merge, even the cycle of Samsara that had always stopped moving forward. also began to loosen significantly.

"you!!!"

"You're just making a fool of yourself!!!"

Seeing Xiao Yi doing her own way, a burst of anger swept out of Xiao Yan's chest!

With the reincarnation of Yao Ji's crown, in cooperation with this holy flame, Xiao Yi must also step into the peak of the Daqian world in the future, but this guy... actually gave up such a great opportunity?

Does he really think that holy flame is something that can be seen everywhere?

"Because...you are my second brother."

The moment Xiao Yi was enveloped in two-color energy, a long-standing voice, accompanied by an unruly proud voice, resounded.

At the same time, Xiao Yi's mind kept recalling Xiao Yan's figure...

Dou Qi Continent, Pure Lotus Demon Saint, Fire Spirit...

When she first came to Daqian, Zihuo merged, became a spirit, Yaoji Daqian searched for the spiritual seal in the world, and reincarnated...

One after another, the deep memories hidden by Xiao Yi poured in and out. Tears and emotions wrapped Xiao Yi's body, and she completely started her own road of reincarnation!

"You kid, you really have hard wings."

When Xiao Yan heard the words, his body shook abruptly, a feeling of sourness poured into his heart from his nose, and there was a feeling of old tears on the corners of his eyes.

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: