Chapter 461: Mysterious Space - 10 Color Swallowing Pythons!

"After so many years, someone with Medusa's blood has finally arrived." The mysterious man turned around slowly, then stared at Cailin, as if he was quite happy, and there was a lot of vicissitudes in his voice. It seems to have stayed here and waited for countless years.

The next moment, the mysterious woman suddenly disappeared into this space.

"Who is it?" Cai Lin became vigilant, and the power of nine-color light that was extremely dazzling appeared in an instant, and then her beautiful eyes kept turning.

Just when the mysterious man disappeared, Cailin was shocked!

Even with Cailin's strength, this space cannot be broken open!

According to Cailin's guess, if you want to break through this space, I am afraid that the minimum strength is to reach the level of the Nine Star Dou Emperor!

"I'm here." Just when Cailin was puzzled, a silver bell-like voice sounded.

When Cailin heard this, she raised her delicate forehead and cast her gaze.

What caught the eyes of Cailin was a mysterious woman. The mysterious woman had hair like a snake and scorpion. The hair was colorful, and the shape was like a snake and scorpion, which was extremely terrifying.

The hair is divided into ten strands in total, and there are different colors on top of the ten strands, and the most bizarre thing is the woman's pupils!

The woman looked quite young, and there was a rare gratification on her pretty face. In addition, her skin was quite ruddy, as if she was not a dying person at all, but there was no strength or color in her pupils. It's just a piece of dead ashes, it makes people feel a fear of death!

"how?"

"It's weird, isn't it?" The mysterious man slowly stepped forward, then stopped five meters away from Cailin and smiled at him.

This smile, charming all beings, made Cailin feel a deep fear.

"Senior?" Cai Lin suppressed the shock in her body and said.

Although I don't know the strength of the powerhouse in front of me, I don't need to think about it. The terrifying ten-color power on this hairline alone may have explained a lot of things.

"Come here." The snake scorpion woman slowly raised her jade hand, and an invisible force of space instantly brought Cailin to her side.

As they got closer, Cai Lin realized just how gorgeous the figure in front of her was.

It's just that beneath that brilliance, there is endless killing intent.

"You shouldn't be from this continent, right?" The snake-scorpion woman stared at Cailin for a while, her lips moving slightly.

"En." Cailin said slightly, but the suppressing power on the scorpion woman was too terrifying, and the fighting spirit in Cailin's body trembled slightly.

"Senior..." Cai Lin just opened her mouth, but she hesitated, as if she was afraid of something.

"Coming from a lower plane called the Dou Qi Continent, the Dou Qi Continent also has a lineage of Medusa. With the help of the power of different fires, he was promoted to the colorful swallowing python, and by chance, he used the help of the Jiuyoudi Nether Python clan. The power of the fallen ancient serpent is promoted to the nine-colored swallowing python."

"Not bad, not bad." The snake scorpion woman smiled sweetly, and seemed extremely satisfied with Cailin.

When Cai Lin heard the words, she forcibly suppressed the shock in her heart, and then her beautiful eyes exuded nine colors, and she stared at the mysterious woman.

At this moment, Cailin seems to have the feeling that she is being seen through by the woman in front of her!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't move...Let me take a good look." Ten different colors appeared on the mysterious woman's hair, and then the next moment, it suddenly wrapped around Cailin, and then Cailin was shocked by the power of ten colors on the woman's body The restrained movement is unbearable!

Cailin was slowly stagnant on the ground, and then the mysterious woman's jade hand moved slightly, and a slow force appeared, and then wrapped around Cailin like a water snake.

"Get down!" Cailin snorted suddenly, and a huge nine-color energy burst out instantly, smashing viciously at the force wielded by the mysterious woman.

"As expected of someone who carries our royal bloodline of the Medusa family, he is actually so proud." The mysterious woman smashed Cailin's terrifying nine-color energy, and without hesitation, turned into a tiny snake body, Swimming continuously on Cailin.

The mysterious woman turned into a small snake with a weak body. The snake's body was quite smooth, and a monstrous killing intent emerged from the snake's eyes, and then slowly and continuously swimming on Cailin's body.

At this time, Cai Lin was extremely shocked!

The power of his own blood is already the power of the blood of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python. This little snake’s shadow alone can make Cailin feel fearful… So it is very likely that it is the legendary Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python. !

The ten-colored swallowing python can swallow the sun, moon and stars with its mouth open, and kill the gods of heaven and earth with its eyes open!

This is the rumor about the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python in the Great Thousand World!

And it is said that every snake man who has achieved the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python... without exception, is a fighting god!

Fighting God... That is the pinnacle of all planes, enough to be called the super power of the Great Thousand World!

"Damn it!" Although Cailin didn't know what was going on, when the mysterious woman incarnated as a snake shadow wrapped around her body, she suddenly found that the huge energy in her body was dissipating at a fast speed...

At this speed, I am afraid that within a minute, the vindictive energy in Cailin's body will be exhausted!

That kind of feeling... It's astonishingly that my own power was absorbed by this mysterious woman!

This is the temple of the Medusa clan. If you don't have vindictiveness, you will be terrified in this dangerous temple.

"Hehe, I really can't imagine that you have not only the bloodline power of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, but also the power of some ancient serpents..." Snake Ying opened the graceful snake mouth, and said in a silver bell-like voice.

"Humph!"

"Senior doing this is a loss of the style of a strong man..." Cai Lin still struggled without giving up If it is really absorbed by the legendary powerhouse of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python The power in her own body... Maybe this strong man will be reborn with the help of her own body.

When he thought that there was a quirky daughter on the Dou Qi Continent, and that daughter's father on the Dou Di Continent, Cai Lin's pupils slowly became stained with some sadness.

The next moment, a sad mood suddenly spread throughout the entire space!

With the appearance of this sad mood, a mutation appeared on Cailin's body.

At this moment, the heaven and earth in this space changed color... Then an extremely bright nine-color power emerged from Cailin's body. On the top, a giant snake of hundred zhang energy with nine-color brilliance suddenly appeared.

The energy giant snake appeared in nine colors of light, and a strong aura permeated the space.

Seeing this, the tiny snake shadow on the side whispered something in an incredible low voice, and then she transformed into the original woman.

"Has it finally appeared... The Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python itself..." After the mysterious woman finished speaking, she slowly laughed.

Cailin, after breaking free from the mysterious woman's shackles, jumped directly into the giant snake head of the nine-colored swallowing python.

After the mysterious woman standing on the ground gave off a strange smile, a wave of death was born in Cailin's heart!

Ask for tickets!