Chapter Vol 4 1745: Plan and separate!

Several months have passed since the Second World War.

One day, one of the five major courtyards in Li Soul Domain, one of the courtyards of Earth Spirit Academy.

"It's natural to be leisurely." In the courtyard, Xiao Yan stood quietly on a pavilion, drinking tea alone.

Since the end of the Second Domain War, this place has become a cultivation place for many strong people in the Soul Eater Domain, and Xiao Yan's power, with the help of this battle, has naturally broken through the late Five Star Fighting Immortals. With Acacia and Broken Enteritis, stepping into the Six-Star Fighting Immortal is just around the corner.

However, Acacia Broken Enteritis was to revive Mu Yingying, so Xiao Yan did not swallow it, but preserved it intact.

"Little guy." After a while, a man came slowly.

"Senior Longlang." Seeing this, Xiao Yan slowly got up and smiled at him.

"I have to go, I have to go and find out about the demon of light." Heishanlonglang said earnestly.

"Originally this time, I came out to bring you back to the demon world to break the master's seal, but the matter of Lord Demon of Light is imminent..."

"This is a demon pill. When you handle the matter in your hands and crush it, I will personally smash the void and go to pick you up." Heishan Longlang knew that Xiao Yan also had a lot of things to do at this time. , so he didn't force Xiao Yan, just because he had a lot of time on hand, so he simply put the cracking of the seal aside. starter

"En." Xiao Yan gently took the dark green demon pill and carefully put it away.

"There will be an appointment later!" Seeing Xiao Yan's appearance like this, the black dragon wolf suddenly turned into a meteor and disappeared completely here. From that appearance, it seemed that he went to inspect the demon of light.

"Crack." With a sound, as the Heisha Dragon Wolf left, a void above Xiao Yan's pavilion suddenly shattered, and a handsome man also emerged. New 81 Chinese website updates the fastest mobile terminal: https:/

"We should go, you..." The Soul Eater looked at Xiao Yan in front of him, and said lovingly.

This time, if it wasn't for Xiao Yan, I'm afraid Soul Eater's fate would be in jeopardy.

"Teacher... I won't go back with you this time, I want to go back to Dou Di Continent." Xiao Yan said solemnly.

Now that the trip to the ghost world is over, Xiao Yan's strength has also made great progress, so it is time to start doing things about Dou Di Continent and Xun'er.

"A good man is determined to be in all directions, but remember, if you need it, all the power of Soul Eater will be at your disposal..."

"And at any time, we welcome you home." Soul Eater's warm voice shook Xiao Yan's heart.

"Thank you, teacher." Xiao Yan couldn't help but muttered with a sore nose.

"This is the Qidu Inducing Soul Cup. I can't use it anymore. I hope it can help you."

"No need to give it away, let's go." The Lord of Soul Eater left the mysterious treasure behind, and immediately disappeared here with a big wave of his hand.

"Crash!" At this moment, an incomparably huge ship suddenly surged, which was obviously a harbinger of the many powerhouses in the Soul Devouring Domain returning to the Soul Devouring Domain.

Now, as the Lord of Soul Eater steps into reincarnation and returns to Soul Eater Domain, Soul Eater Domain will truly replace Li Soul Domain and become the strongest area in the Ghost Realm, but it will also be destroyed by Ghost Realm. The Supreme One in the center noticed that it was not known whether it was a blessing or a curse.

"Teacher, when I see this little junior brother again, I am afraid that he will grow up to be staggering." Standing on the deck of the ship, Hao Ni'er said slightly.

"I think so too." The Soul Eater said with a smile.

"Ni Er, after you go back, you should go and end the matter. Dou Xian has been repressed in your heart, and you feel sorry for your teacher." The Master of Soul Eater said.

"Thank you, teacher!" Hao Ni'er heard the words, smiled lightly, and said with peace of mind.

As soon as the voice fell, everyone disappeared here.

With the departure of the Black Devil Dragon Wolf and the Soul Eater, the Earth Spirit Academy also became empty, with only Xiao Yan left and the huge force named Ten Thousand Fire Sect that Xiao Yan worked so hard to form.

At the core of Li Soul Domain, in the temple.

"Princess, now Li Soul Domain has been completely mastered by us. The Lord of Li Soul has been infiltrated into the Forest of Shadows and Souls. With your reincarnation restriction, he will never be able to step out of the Forest of Shadows and Souls." The old man said respectfully.

"How are the people in Soul Eater Domain?" Du Qifei asked, sitting quietly.

"They have all left in the past few days, only Xiao Yan is left." Uncle said.

"Come here, tell Xiao Yan to let him leave with the Ten Thousand Fire Sect behind him. This war is completely over. We have to take a good rest and prepare to face the foreign evil race." After a while, Du Qifei waved his hand. road.

"Princess, Myriad Fire Sect is also a powerful force. If this is the case, wouldn't it be cheap for Xiao Yan?" Hearing Du Qifei's words, Bo Lao and other senior officials couldn't help but said in pain.

"Do you really think that I am afraid of Xiao Yan just by being a Soul Eater?"

"Behind him, there are many supreme powers supporting him!"

"There is no need to discuss this matter again." As soon as the voice fell, calm was returning to here.

"Forget it, let's revive Yingying first." In the evening, Xiao Yan just got up from the pavilion and thought in his mind.

"This is a good way, and I have the spatial coordinates of the place where she was born." Listening to Xiao Yan's words, Xiao Sensheng, who was hidden in his body, said.

"Senior's words are true?" Xiao Yan heard the words, his pupils scattered with excitement!

Now that Acacia and Broken Enteritis is in hand, recovery is just around the corner, but the most difficult thing is the spatial coordinates of the place where she was born. How can I know that Xiao Sensheng actually knows!

God really helped me!

"Originally they were also part of our Xiao clan it's a pity..."

"You'd better finish your affairs here first, and I can take you directly to where you are in a while."

"But where is the end, I'm afraid I can only leave, because the other nine people in the Ten Temple Yan Luo are still sleeping, and rashly staying on you will only bring you death." Xiao Sensheng said with concern. .

"Okay!" Xiao Yan agreed, and immediately went to the Ten Thousand Fire Sect.

……

"Sir Xiao Yan is really a hero..." He just came to Wan Huo Sect, but found that the place has been completely renewed. Huoyun and his team of high-level executives surrounded the hall and laughed.

"Everyone, I'm here this time to take the Ten Thousand Fire Sect out of here and go to Dou Di Continent." Xiao Yan didn't beat around the bush and spoke directly.

"Hahaha!"

"Sir, I'm just waiting for your words!"

"All the members of the Wanhuo Sect, are willing to be adults, go through fire and water, and do whatever you want!" A senior executive said with high emotions.

"Sir, we are ready and ready to go at any time, and we have the space-time channel provided by the dean of the Spiritual Academy to go to Doudi Continent. The time required is quite short." Sect Master Huoyi said with a smile.

"No hurry, wait for me for a few days, I still have something to do." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words.

Since the ghost world has completely ended, there is no need to stay here. Tomorrow, we will go to the birthplace of Mu Yingying, and the road to resurrection is right in front of you!