Chapter Vol 4 1488: The Tomb of the King of Heaven!

"Zizi!" In the primeval forest, the sound of countless insects emerged, as if they were talking about endless lamentations, and the source of this sound could not be traced.

Not long after, Xiao Yan and their army joined together.

"Big Brother Xiao Yan?" In a dark forest path, Yun Qi and everyone looked at Xiao Yan's safe and sound figures, and immediately said with relief.

"Are you all right?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan and the two also moved directly towards them. After a closer look, Yun Qi, Liu Qing, sisters of the Yu family, Mu Ge, and the two daughters of Yuan Yan were all there.

"It's alright." Everyone talked and laughed, and then they suddenly sank.

"From here, it is the place where Tianwangzang fell." After a while, Yuan Yan's small face slowly emerged with a dignified look, and said.

"Don't worry, there is me." Sensing Yuan Yan's seriousness, Xiao Yan said.

"En." After everyone finished speaking, they also walked towards the depths of the primeval forest.

In the depths of the virgin forest, here is a rather spacious lake. The lake is surrounded by some ancient trees and rocks. The lake is sparkling, and rhythmic waves of water continue to emerge, and the center of the lake is At the place, a conspicuous whirlpool slowly whirls.

The central part of the silver lake in the depths of the whirlpool seems to have an extremely mysterious power, which makes people feel cold at a glance.

"Hey!" After a while, many figures appeared around the lake.

"Could this be the entrance to the tomb of the Heavenly King?" After a while, Xiao Yan and the others hid in an ancient tree, looked at the lake and said.

"It should be right, the information given to me by the fascinated old ghost is that the tomb of Tianwangzang is located in the center of the lake deep in the ruins." Xiao Yan's eyes narrowed slightly, and the dazzling soul power slanted out like a tide.

"There is no danger in this lake, could it be a trap?" The pastoral song on the side also sensed it. After sensing no results, he said, after all, they encountered too many dangers in the dark lake before, but the depths of the ruins actually There was no dangerous aura, which made them all quite vigilant.

"Bang bang bang!" Xiao Yan heard the words, but did not speak, but his eyes slowly stared at the huge vortex in the lake below. In the vortex, an extremely tyrannical power of space emerged, as if the power of space was the gateway to the elsewhere.

But on second thought, if this lake whirlpool is really the key to entering the tomb of the Heavenly King, how could there be no defense at all, otherwise, the tomb would be too easy to enter.

"Will the guardian guarding the entrance of the mausoleum be under the lake?" Du Qifei's beautiful eyes slowly opened his mouth.

"Probably not, but it must be avoided." Xiao Yan nodded and said, although he had already probed the depth of nearly a thousand meters under the lake to make it clear that there was no danger, but he was not sure that there were some terrifying things in the deeper depths.

"Forget it, wait and see." After a short while, Xiao Yan said helplessly.

"Crash!"

"This is the entrance to the interior of the ruins, but why does it make me feel uneasy?" Liu Yun and Nebula also came to a rock and said slowly.

"Senior sister, this is the entrance to the ruins, let's go." Liu Yun on the side checked it carefully and found that the whirlpool in the center of the lake had no other defensive power, and immediately said.

Liu Yun is bound to win the ruins. After all, although he has a good talent and strength, his inner treasure is in the hands of his senior sister, so he naturally wants to get some useful treasures from the ruins.

"Let's go." Qian Ying took off the jade piano behind her, and the jade fingers gently plucked the strings, and two soft halos immediately enveloped the two of them, so the two gently stepped on the surface of the lake and moved towards The vortex in the center goes away.

"Someone moved?"

"That's the guy from the Tianyin Sect?" And many other powerhouses were standing still at this time, and their eyes became hot when they saw the two of the Tianyin Sect first set foot on the water.

"I don't know where that **** Xiao Yan went. If you meet him in the depths of this ruins, I will definitely make you go away."

"Susu." In the dark, the eyes of Mu Xi and the living dead all converged at the same time. Immediately, the two exuded a hint of eerie aura, and no one knew why the two were united.

"Do you want to do it?" Watching the guy from Tianyin Sect take the lead towards the whirlpool, Duo Qifei also asked.

At this time, Duo Qifei, with the complete strength of the dignified three-star fighting immortals, plus the help of palm fighting skills and magical weapons, I am afraid that in the competition of the four continents where the strong are like clouds, he can also occupy a quite advanced position. , not to mention the existence of reincarnation runes.

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, the holy flame in Xiao Yan's body slowly trembled, sending out a rather uneasy and strange aura, which made Xiao Yan's heart tremble.

"Wait, I have space to travel through the handprints. If there is no danger, we can go to the center of the vortex in no time." Xiao Yan resisted the impulse in his heart and stared at the two Tianyin Sect in front of him.

"Second brother, let's do it." And behind the ancient trees and rocks, in a dark and damp corner, the eyes of the three figures in mink clothes and hats became gloomy Waiting, now is not the best opportunity to do it. , and there are a lot of powerhouses hiding around this lake now, and there are no less than five or six people who have the perfect strength of Samsung Dou Xian. We must be sure to win this trip. "The leader said vigilantly, and calmed down after speaking.

"Pfft." Above the lake, a man and a woman wrapped in the mysterious power of the guqin walked slowly on the water, and then paced gently, taking every step with extreme care. As for the outside of the lake, countless pairs of eyes just stared at them.

"Senior Sister, there doesn't seem to be any danger here?" After a while, Liu Yun's expression became strange and he said softly.

"Let's go!" At the same time, Senior Sister Nebula also noticed that there was no danger on the lake, as if there was just a strange whirlpool that didn't know where to go.

"Crash!" Just as Senior Sister Nebula finished speaking, her jade hand plucked the strings quickly, and then bursts of tyrannical rays of light emerged from the guqin, wrapping the two of them, and rushing directly into the whirlpool.

"Hey!" In just a few breaths, the two came to the whirlpool.

"Everyone, let's go first." After a short while, Liu Yun grinned and roared away from the lake, and then the two of them jumped directly into the vortex and disappeared.

"There's nothing weird about this vortex, it's just a door to space."

"The ruins of Tianwangzang are right in front of you."

"Go on, everyone!"

"Do it!" After a while, silhouettes that were as fast as lightning suddenly jumped out, and then flew away at Chengcheng, so that Xiao Yan and everyone were not to be outdone. In an instant, dozens of strong men were Get up directly and jump into the vortex.

In the vortex, there is a door of space connecting the ruins of the Tianwangzang.

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Ghost Blowing Lamp Mobile Version Reading URL: