Chapter 556: Fight against the prototype of the immortal order!

"Damn it!" Xiao Yan was suddenly startled, flames all over his body instantly emerged, and he slowly became vigilant towards the figure in front of him!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Although the soul liquid is extremely precious and is something Xiao Yan must have now, the figure in front of him gave Xiao Yan a sense of danger of death!

Therefore, Xiao Yan had to temporarily leave the soul liquid behind!

The sudden figure in front of him, such a terrifying oppressive force, is probably far more powerful than snake torture.

"Boy, I laughed at this, but in order to prevent accidents, you still..."

"Go to hell!" As soon as the voice fell, the figure suddenly laughed gloomily, and then the palm turned over, the soul liquid was put away, and the other hand, the huge power of black and white suddenly waved, facing the nearby Xiao Yan, who was just a short distance away, burst out!

The terrifying power of life and death, like a life-threatening enticement, shot directly at Xiao Yan!

This seemingly random blow, I am afraid that the Seven Star Dou Emperor can say that it was wiped out, not to mention that the strength is only Xiao Yan in the early stage of the Five Star Dou Emperor.

"Be careful!" Seeing this, the Snake Punishment, which was dozens of meters away from Xiao Yan, immediately burst into flames, and immediately shot at the place where Xiao Yan was!

"Shabu Shabu!" Snake Punishment rushed to Xiao Yan's side in the next instant, and then on the old palm, the dazzling power of three colors appeared, and then blocked the power of black and white!

"Cough, cough..." The two touched each other, and the shocking explosion spread immediately, and then the mysterious figure and the snake torture figure both burst back, but at this time, the corner of the snake torture's mouth and palms were faintly seen. A bit of blood, and Xiao Yan was still in his hand.

Obviously, in this collision, Snake Punishment still fell behind.

"Thank you." Seeing this, Xiao Yan nodded slightly towards Snake Xing.

"You are……"

"Immortal pill?" When Shan Yao saw this figure, her pupils shrank slightly, obviously thinking of something.

"Hehe, you still have eyesight." The mysterious figure is not concealing it. After all, under the absolute gap in strength, all conspiracies are useless.

Even the 8-star Dou Emperor's perfect snake torture and the 7-star Dou Emperor's perfect Shan Yao, as for Xiao Yan, who only had a five-star Dou Emperor, were automatically filtered by the Immortal Rank Pill.

After all, a five-star fighting emperor can be killed with just a single finger, so how could it be possible to make the Immortal Rank pill look right in the eye.

"This person is very strong." Snake Xing calmed down his inner breath a little, and then said.

"It's very strong." Xiao Yan also slowly agreed. Obviously, the mysterious figure just now contained terrifying power of life and death. I was extremely afraid that Xiao Yan was slightly struggling.

"Although it is very strong, that soul liquid must be obtained!" Xiao Yan said with a sullen face.

I finally came to this manor and manor to find something that broke through my soul power, how could I give it away so easily?

"I'll try my best. It's okay for me to defend myself against this person, but if I want to bring the two of you, I'm afraid... and the power of life and death on this person seems to be quite wrong..."

"Anyway, it's weird..." Snake tortured his eyes on the Immortal Rank Medicine Pill, and said thoughtfully.

"Oh?" After Xiao Yan heard the words, he calmed down and paid attention to the figure in front of him.

"It's really a little weird." After Xiao Yan investigated, he also found that it was just like what Snake said.

Although the power on this mysterious figure is terrifying, it is extremely strange.

"It's time to end the game..."

"Shanyao, come with me, I can promise you not to kill the two of them." The Immortal Rank Elixir slowly stood up and said to Shanyao.

"Salvia, where did Shanling take you?" Shanyao did not agree to the Immortal Rank pill, but asked instead.

"Haha, as expected of the Tianmuyu clan, the character of being fearless today is exactly the same as Yuxuan back then." The Immortal Rank Elixir, called Salvia by Shanyao, laughed.

"Come on!" Shanyao snorted coldly.

"Don't worry, I won't kill her before I get this manor." Salvia smiled, but the smile revealed a little coldness.

"Humph!"

"In the beginning, Grandpa Mu refined you so that you can protect this mansion and manor. It's good that you have become what you are now. Are you right Grandpa Qimu?" Shanyao asked with a proud forehead.

"Yeah, since I was refined by that old guy, why didn't he empower me?"

"Did you know that for a fourth-grade immortal-level medicinal pill, having spiritual wisdom and not having spiritual wisdom are not the same level at all!"

"If he had given me wisdom back then, I wouldn't be what I am today... But it's okay, when he just refined me out, he was entangled by something..."

"And I just accidentally swallowed other medicinal pills in the pharmacy, and I have what I am now." Danshen's voice was a little hoarse, and walked towards Shanyao step by step, shouted angrily.

"But in the final analysis, you were also refined by Grandpa Mu... If Grandpa Mu knew about this, I'm afraid you would end up..." Facing Danshen's pressing step by step, Shanyao did not panic, but said. .

"No, it's impossible!"

"How could that old guy survive the attack of the evil clan..." Danshen said with some fear, his legs trembled, as if he would do this every time he heard the grandpa Mu from Shanyao's mouth.

"What kind of sacredness is the grandpa Mu that Shanyao speaks of... Could it be the owner of this manor?"

"And this Shanyao and this Danshen Immortal Rank 4th Grade medicinal pill seem to know each other?" A series of questions troubled Xiao Yan.

"If that's the case, then you should die too!" Just when Xiao Yan was thinking, he didn't know what other words Shanyao said to stimulate Danshen, and Danshen suddenly shouted angrily.

With the anger of Danshen, the surface of Danshen's body actually had the scent of medicinal herbs!

"This scent is poisonous!" The next moment Xiao Yan, who is the pinnacle of a first-grade imperial alchemist, suddenly spoke up, and then two high-quality detoxification pills shot at Shanyao and Snake Punishment respectively. go!

"Hur!" Seeing this, the two of them sank, took the antidote that Xiao Yan threw over, and swallowed it!

After the detoxification pill entered the body, the two felt that their dizziness and dizziness had improved.

"Snake torture, Shanyao, do it!" The next moment, Xiao Yan also knew the current form, saying anything was useless, and immediately aura burst out, and then his eyes fixed on the salvia!

At this time, within the body of Danshen, bursts of terrifying medicinal incense that could kill a person radiates out, and the strength of Danshen, according to Xiao Yan's guess, is probably at the level of a Rank One Nine Star Dou Emperor!

"You... all have to die!" After Danshen finished speaking, the Danshen all over his body suddenly flew towards all directions!

A huge breath spreads in all directions, and every time it goes, it turns everything in this wooden hall into powder!

"No, let's hide first..."

"The strength of this salvia is terrifying..." Xiao Yan shook his head. As a man with a huge soul perception, he naturally knew the absolute gap between their strengths, so without sufficient confidence, Xiao Yan would not use adventurous.

"If I want to conquer this fourth-grade immortal rank pill, I really can't help it, but I have a way for this fourth-rank immortal-rank prototype pill..." Shanyao said suddenly.

Ask for tickets!