Chapter Vol 4 2099: Dan Cheng Lei Luo, after all, No. 1!

"This bastard!!!" Shen Hong below looked at this scene, his eyes became extremely sharp, the corners of his mouth became sarcastic, and the endless killing intent became more obvious.

Why are the mere mortals in the first session able to refine medicine pills that surpass them? And still holy?

In addition to the fact that there was a grudge between the two, the seeds of jealousy could not help but slowly take root and sprout.

"Boom!" And just as Xiao Yan was about to meet the vision that was born from the holy pill, Xiao Lei didn't have any recruits in the sky, and there was no trace of talking to Xiao Yan. The gray thunder on his body. A pair of snow-covered battle armor is formed, and a mouth is opened to form a powerful vortex, which instantly devours the remaining power of thunder and calamity!

The whole action was like flowing water, without a trace of hesitation.

"Xiao Lei, what are you doing?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't wait for the rainbow rain and the golden thunder tribulation to come. He frowned and asked, this Xiao Lei seems to have absorbed the thunder tribulation last time. became extremely weird.

"Hey, it's a waste to keep it." Xiao Lei took all the remaining thunder tribulations into his bag. It seemed that some mysterious and mysterious power was recovering in his body. He immediately licked the corners of his strange mouth, and then turned into a meteor. Submerged in Xiao Yan's soul realm, and regardless of Xiao Yan's doubts, it seems that he has gone to refine such a huge power of thunder.

"What the **** is this guy doing?"

"It seems a bit beyond my control." Xiao Yan shook his head.

Soul avatar is a prosperous existence with the main body, and the strength and fighting skills are the same. However, such as Dragon God Transformation, Fen Jue, etc., Xiao Lei has not inherited it perfectly. Restraining the soul clone and things, but Xiao Lei knows all of Xiao Yan's other fighting skills.

There was no time to think about Xiao Lei's problem, Xiao Yan raised his head, an unprecedented pressure like a hundred thousand mountains was pressing on Xiao Yan's head, causing Xiao Yan's breath to be quite chaotic.

The vast sky, such as the Seven Profound Demon Thunders and some impenetrable thunderclouds, had already been cleared by Xiao Lei under his devotion. At the top of the sky, a golden arc of light is like a newborn baby, and it has not yet come completely, but the remaining power of the light is enough to threaten the real powerhouse of Eight Star Fighting Immortals.

"Weng hum!" The rainbow rain fell instantly, and countless vibrant breaths slanted down, nourishing this mountain range, quite prosperous, and making countless people feel like a spring breeze.

"Creeping." After a few minutes, the entire sky, the dazzling golden brilliance slowly bloomed, and a golden beam of light stood in the clouds like a pillar of the sky, with an irresistible coercion of heaven and earth. , come!

"Hoohoo!"

"The Fourth Transformation of the Dragon God!"

"Shadow of the Fighting Soul!" Xiao Yan said with a slight smile, his eyes became extremely deep, and now his body was nearly depleted of fighting qi, and he could only rely on these strengths to resist.

"What a terrifying method!"

"But what is the thunder that this guy draws out...why have I never heard of it?"

"There has never been a golden thunder tribulation among the holy pills." Yao Wan Wan was extremely surprised. It seemed that Xiao Yan's actions had surpassed his understanding.

As for the other people in the altar mountain, their eyes narrowed and they stared at Xiao Yan intently.

Will it succeed this time?

"This Xiao Yan is such a terrifying method." Hunmu's body was wriggling, and he was standing in the sky. He only drew out the six-color Seven Profound Magic Lightning, but at the moment when the magic lightning appeared, it was scattered by Xiao Yan's golden beam of light. Go, it seems that the Seven Profound Demons are extremely afraid of the golden arc of lightning contained in the golden beam of light?

"Can he succeed..." Yao Yichen said with a huge pressure in his eyes.

"I don't know, but let's wait and see." Ling Zixi shook her head and said, this kind of thing, even she herself can't predict.

"At the end of this grand ceremony, I will challenge him." Yao Yichen said with a firm look.

In his opinion, Xiao Yan used the power of mortals to use the power of the Seven Profound Demonic Lightning to melt the pill. The moment the holy pill was born, he had already lost. Even if Xiao Yan did not succeed in taking over the thunder tribulation, he would still lose. .

"Brother, you will surpass him sooner or later."

"I believe in you." Yao Yixuan also said with a smile, she naturally knew Yao Yichen's temperament. Although she was proud, it was derived from her own strength and strength. Now that Xiao Yan has been attacked one after another, it has aroused the inner strength of his body. The meaning of comparison is to go in a good direction.

"It's started!" I don't know who said, and the entire mountain range began to tremble.

"Dong dong dong!" The golden beam of light traverses the sky, piercing the sky abruptly, and in the center of the beam of light, a golden arc of thunder that jumps and beats, raging like a bolt of lightning, and it seems that wherever it goes, everything is dead.

"Come on!" Xiao Yan roared, the scales on top of his body turned into a half-dragon, and the two soul shadows after the fusion of fighting spirits increased Xiao Yan's power to the peak!

"Boom!" The golden beam of light rolled and roared violently, sending out extremely terrifying fluctuations like a wild beast, seemingly declaring Xiao Yan's ignorance.

As the golden beam of light tumbled, it immediately shook abruptly. Finally, all the energy of the golden beam of beam suddenly shrank, condensed into a golden arrow at a speed visible to the naked eye, without any hesitation, it just appeared from the sky. Shots burst out from the clouds, shattering the space, carrying the coercion of heaven and earth, and delivering the most deadly divine punishment to Xiao Yan!

"Bang bang bang!" The golden arrows are covered with countless golden thunder arcs. Just after they came, they raged out in the sky with countless turbulent and deadly power of thunder, rendering the whole world into a golden world, dazzling golden Lei Mang and the arrow showed no mercy, and finally hit Xiao Yan's body under the watchful eyes of countless people.

"Tear it!" The golden arrows had not yet landed on Xiao Yan's body, and when those golden thunder arcs touched Xiao Yan's body, they turned into countless golden thunder snakes and scattered out.

"Crack!" This situation didn't last long, and Xiao Yan's shadow of the fighting spirit was taken away by Xiao Yan, because Xiao Yan knew that if this continued, the fighting spirit would be lost again, but in this case, Xiao Yan Yan's breathing suddenly became much more rapid, and even the scales of the tyrants were flashing with a hint of madness!

"Xuuuu!" With the sound of as the fighting spirit disappeared, the golden thunder arc also disappeared, but the golden arrow containing the coercion of heaven and earth suddenly stabbed at Xiao Yan's heart, trying to obliterate it with one blow Xiao Yan.

"A mere thunderbolt, how can it be compared to the scale of the Dragon King!" Xiao Yan roared coldly, and immediately the half-dragon power of his body was displayed, and the scale of the underlord revolved in his body at a high speed. For a while, the golden arrow actually stagnated?

"Smash it to me!" Xiao Yan's muscles were tense, his heart beating violently in his chest, and the dragon power above his arms unreservedly vented out, directly carrying the golden arrows!

"Kacha Kacha!" After the blink of an eye, the golden arrows suddenly appeared numerous cracks, and Xiao Yan stepped out his fist in one fell swoop, instantly shattering the golden arrows. At this point, all the thunderclouds above the sky slowly disappeared, and so did Xiao Yan's body. Falling down into the eighth peak like a lost flower and a willow, although the Half-Dragon Transformation has no losses, it has also become extremely bleak.

The eerie medicinal pill in his hand was also quiet. There was no accident. A refreshing fragrance emerged, but there was no mental restlessness. The root cause seemed to be a trace of holy energy injected by Xiao Yan before!

At this moment, the audience is silent!