Chapter Vol 2 771: The attraction of fighting spirit!

After Wen Zi left, not long after, two identical twins appeared in the palace.

"Wang, are you looking for us?" one of them said.

"Haoran, Haoqing, are you here?" King Xuanling saw the two coming, and smiled slightly, the darkness just disappeared without a trace.

"I don't know what is the matter with you, Wang?"

"I was still practicing fighting skills when I was called by the national teacher Wen Zi." One of them said.

"Haoqing, don't be rude." The two are almost identical in height and appearance.

But there is one place that is very easy to distinguish.

My elder brother Qi Haoran, who was in the middle stage of the Seven Star Fighting Emperor, was a very high-spirited person, had a deep sense of government, and was prudent in his work.

And the younger brother Qi Haoqing, the strength of the seven-star fighting emperor in the early stage, is arrogant, so it is very easy to distinguish.

"Haha, it's okay."

"The reason for calling the two of you here this time is mainly for the ruins." King Xuanling naturally wouldn't have the same knowledge as Qi Haoqing, so he spoke immediately.

"Relic?" Qi Haoqing was surprised when he heard the words!

The matter of the ruins can be said to have been rumored recently, so even if the second brother is addicted to cultivation, he still hears others practicing cultivation.

"Wang, do you want us to enter the ruins?" Qi Haoran asked slightly after hearing this.

"That's right."

"Nowadays, although our Xuanling royal family has constant internal disputes, it is the time when there is a shortage of talents."

"And only the two of you are the strongest of the younger generation of my Xuanling royal family, so I want you to enter the ruins to practice and prepare for the future sect competition." Xuanling King said earnestly, even There was a hint of seriousness in his voice.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"elder brother!"

"I didn't expect this to be true."

"I've heard about the ruins for a long time."

"I've been bored in this Xuanling royal family all day, and there are no real masters. I'm almost rusted."

"This time, let me go out and have a good look at the powerhouses of the sect, and see who is stronger and who is weaker!" Qi Haoqing heard that, naturally regardless of other things, he immediately said to his brother.

"Is there a mission?" The next moment, Qi Haoran thought for a few breaths and then asked.

"It's not a task, it's a test at most."

"If it passes, then the Xuanling royal family will have a place in the worship hall in the future." The Xuanling royal family smiled slightly.

"Really?" When Qi Haoqing heard the words, he immediately laughed.

As they have been in the Xuanling royal family for many years, they naturally know that if they have the opportunity to join the Xuanling royal family's worship hall, their future cultivation resources will be greatly guaranteed.

"Naturally." King Xuanling smiled slightly.

"What test?" Qi Haoran asked.

"Do whatever it takes to prevent the people of Wanhua Pavilion from gaining inheritance."

"The blocker, kill!" King Xuanling's cold voice sounded slowly from the palace at the next moment.

"Deal!" The next moment, Qi Haoran agreed without thinking.

From the day they joined the Xuanling royal family, they knew that the relationship between the Xuanling royal family and Wanhua Pavilion, Poison Sect and Burning Incense Pavilion was like water and fire.

"That's good."

"Go down and prepare, it's not too long before the ruins start."

"As for the information about other sects participating in this ruin, I will send it to you."

"However, Xiao Yan from the Burning Incense Pavilion should pay more attention." King Xuanling instructed.

"Okay." After agreeing to King Xuanling, the two brothers left slowly.

"These two guys..." King Xuanling looked at the two guys who were leaving, smiled slowly, and then tried his best to recover the injuries in his body.

Tianshan, Wanjianmen.

"Master Jiujianxian, tell me what is in the ruins this time?" Jiujianxian had just returned to Wanjianmen, and was immediately entangled by his two proud disciples.

Jiujianxian has two disciples, only named Hongqian and one named Song Yue, who are a pair of childhood sweethearts.

The relationship between the two has been quite good since childhood, and the strength behind the two sent them to Wanjianmen for cultivation, so the relationship between the two has always been very good, and there is a vague situation of private life.

"Qian'er, let the master rest for a while." A rather handsome man walked towards him, holding a jug in his hand, and in the jug, the elegant aroma of wine floated slightly.

"Good wine!"

"It's still my baby Yue'er who understands me!" When Jiu Jianxian saw the fine wine in Song Yue's hand, he immediately jumped up like he was lost.

"Song!"

"Yue!" Seeing this, Hongqian couldn't help roaring!

"Last time!" Song Yue heard the roar, secretly said that it was not good, and quickly explained.

"How many times have I told you that drinking alcohol is not good for your health, you can't let the master drink, how can you..."

"Humph!" At the end of the sentence, Hong Qianjiao snorted, obviously dissatisfied with Song Yue.

"Hey-hey."

"Qian'er, you and I quit drinking for the teacher, why don't you kill me." Jiu Jianxian took the wine in Song Yue's hand, took a sip happily, and cast a glance at Hong Qian.

"Right, I forgot about the business."

"In the ruins this time, there are not only a few medicinal herbs that your sect master needs, but also the existence of the fighting spirit." Jiujianxian said suddenly.

"Do you have any medicinal materials that your uncle needs?"

"That's great!" When Qian'er heard this, she laughed happily, and the displeasure just now disappeared without a trace.

"Fighting Soul?" The next moment, Song Yue's brows wrinkled, obviously he was quite wary of these two words.

"Yep."

"And we didn't go into the deeper part of the ruins, where, there seems to be a human breath..." After drinking a few sips of wine, Jiujian Xian said as if he was not drunk.

"Fighting soul?"

"Human breath?" Qian'er was surprised when she heard the words.

As for the fighting spirit, she naturally knew what it meant.

"The list of people who go to the ruins this time is just the two of you."

"Where do you want to talk to him?" Jiujianxian disappeared instantly, leaving only Song Yue and Qian'er.

The two looked at each other and then hugged back.

Broken Mountain, Heartless Valley!

"Our Heartless Valley really hasn't been born for a long time. If it continues like this, I'm afraid it will be forgotten by the world."

"Bing'er, this time the ruins will be taken away by you, remember that everything is mainly about safety There are all kinds of emotions in the world. Love words hurt people the most, don't mess with men." In a rather desolate pavilion , an old woman instructed her disciple carefully.

"Disciple obeys." A veiled woman agreed slightly.

Mount Tai, the puppet mansion!

There are organs and dolls everywhere, and if something goes wrong, they will be besieged by countless dolls and die!

"The ruins were born, this time, go out and have a look."

"In thirty years, you have already learned all the mathematics that I have learned, and I can no longer teach you anything." The puppet palace master looked at the proud disciple in front of him, and said reluctantly.

"Disciple..."

"I want to study with the Palace Master for a few more years." Hearing this, the most proud disciple of the Palace Master's Puppet Palace said slightly modestly.

"Okay!"

"Since that's the case, then this time you go to the ruins to bring back the fighting spirit, the mansion master has been teaching you for ten years!" The puppet mansion said with a smile.

"The disciple will definitely live up to the master's entrustment!" After the man who was surrounded by the puppet finished speaking, he slowly laughed. With this smile, the puppet behind him suddenly burst into a gloomy smile!

This person is impressively the most outstanding disciple of the puppet mansion, Hua Lexin!

However, at the age of 30, with a single-handed puppet technique, I am afraid that there are very few people who can beat the entire puppet palace!

At this point, there are still many large and small sects discussing the ruins, and I believe that it will be hotly opened soon!