Chapter Vol 4 2109: Demon Shadow Evil Wood, Demon Wood Funeral!

"Purple...Purple Angel Wings?" The demon power that was out of control in the body actually became quiet at this moment, the demon Xiao Yan was in control of the body, and he looked at Hill in front of him and behind him in surprise. Weird Angel Wings!

The purple angel wings are far more powerful than the white angel wings Xiao Yan encountered before!

Even Xiao Yan always felt that Hill, blessed with purple angel wings, was extremely dangerous!

One white and one purple, its power is much more powerful than the original parade angel or even the angel wings on Liu Hao!

"Demon, let Hill, the second believer in the Holy See, bring you to justice."

"The sacredness of the Holy See cannot be violated, nor can it be blasphemed!" Hill roared at Xiao Yan in a condescending manner.

"Weng Om!" In an instant, the angel wings behind Hill, one white and one purple, were slowly stirring up. At the same time, in the entire medicine world, countless energies of heaven and earth gathered at the same time, and the scene was like the end of the world. The scenery is reflected in the sight of everyone.

The earth shakes, the sacred Sanskrit sounds emerge endlessly, and even with the display of angel wings, the whole world is extremely peaceful and sacred!

"Pretend to be a ghost!" The demon Xiao Yan snorted coldly, but found that the void beside Hill was shaking, and strange white spots appeared.

Suddenly, a milky white vortex appeared in front of his chest without warning, with faint traces of diffusion.

The white angel wings and the purple angel wings attract countless heaven and earth energies, which are slowly injected into the milky white vortex in front of them.

The kind of power contained in the milky white vortex, destroying the sky and destroying the earth, killing the gods!

"Now that the power of the devil has been blessed, the fire of the holy flame has been suppressed back into the sea of ​​fighting qi in the body, and the holy flame can no longer be used." Xiao Yan's body slowly lifted into the air, the power of the devil around him, and the devil's evil clothes was even more crazy. Xiao Yan tried his best to analyze it.

Now that Liu Hao and the first believer have not made a move, it is naturally impossible for Xiao Yan to use all the power of the devil!

However, the power of the holy flame and the devil hate each other, and it is impossible to use the power of the holy flame!

Now the power that Hill is brewing makes Xiao Yan face an unprecedented crisis!

"This is... wood attribute?" Just when Xiao Yan was puzzled, a green bucket core suddenly appeared in the sea of ​​fighting qi in his body.

"It's decided to be you!" Xiao Yan suddenly smiled, the power of the devil and the wood attribute were combined, and the wood attribute, which was full of countless vitality, was multiplied into a burst of magic wood, which was extremely evil!

With the nourishment and blessing of this power, the fighting intent in Xiao Yan's heart was galloping, without hesitation, proud of his breath, and fought **** to the end!

The milky white vortex became more and more intense, and the supreme divine splendor reflected the world, as if a gap suddenly appeared in the sky of the entire medicine world.

Looking down from the milky white vortex, it is like a bright frenzy sloping down. That kind of aura is the majestic holy will that heaven and earth want to destroy!

Suddenly, under the waving of Hill's angel wings, the milky white vortex suddenly began to shake, and the sacred silk rainbow composed of milky white light power fell from the inside.

"Xiao Yan!"

"be careful!"

"Purple Angel Wings is the highest level of power in the Holy See. This kind of power is known as the power to kill gods!" At this moment, Lingxi roared, trying to remind Xiao Yan.

Holy See Angels, Angel Wings are based on the rewards or training of the Angel Kingdom.

One to ten wings, white angel wings, and then to purple angel wings.

Angel Purple Wing is the most tyrannical and noblest existence among angels!

An angel with white angel wings is definitely not an angel opponent with purple angel wings!

Whether it is identity or strength, they will be completely crushed!

And the purple angel wings need to have the white angel wings, transcend the benevolence of all beings, and collect countless powers of faith before they can be cultivated and evolved!

It is even rumored in the Daqian world that the former master of the kingdom of angels has transformed countless creatures in the Daqian, and has reached an unprecedented ten-winged angel with purple wings!

God is mighty, unrivaled!

"Boom!" The milky white vortex emerged from the sacred silk rainbow, like a chain of shackles, imprisoned and shrouded Xiao Yan, depriving Xiao Yan of the evil demon power that was purifying!

Some people are unable to look up, but they only feel that the dense white holy light shines on the world, causing the scalp to burst open, and the terrifying picture hits their eyes. There is a feeling of convulsions that thousands of swords pierce through the heart, and thousands of hearts and souls are eaten!

"Hoohoho!" It seemed that the pain of being burned by this kind of power was unbearable, and the demon's evil clothes actually exuded a terrifying roar!

"Magic Shadow Evil Wood!"

"The monstrous evil power, let's gallop!" Xiao Yan felt the anger of the devil's power, and immediately released the wood-type bucket core from the body, with murderous aura!

"Dong, dong, dong!" In an instant, following Xiao Yan's action, black shadows fell off Xiao Yan's body in the whole world and scattered towards the medicine world.

"What's going on?" At the same moment, Austin, Liu Hao, including the elders of the ancient race, their pupils shrank tightly, as if they were aware of the strange power that suddenly appeared on Xiao Yan!

"Since the wood attribute immortal art controlled by the ancients is called Tianmu funeral, it is difficult for the power to be attacked by the power of the devil to be called..."

"Devil Wood Evil Burial!" The mighty voice came down to the earth like the wrath of the gods!

Endless evil brilliance, like the end of the catastrophe!

"Da da da!" The voice of the demon Xiao Yan fell, and countless black trees, vines, etc. fell off Xiao Yan, like a demon servant, completely invading the entire territory of the medicine world!

At this moment, in the medicine world, countless black forests and evil trees emerge. These plants are also full of endless vitality, but under that vitality, there is a special power!

That's demon power!

The blessing of demon power and wood attribute power!

Demon Wood Evil Burial!

Enough to stifle any tyrannical attack under reincarnation!

"Boom!"

In the blink of an eye, countless magic woods, like faithful demon servants, suddenly emerged from the territory of the medicine world, and then converged into countless ferocious magic woods, blasting away at the milky white sacred vortex above the sky!

"Evil is a low-level force after all."

"Angel Hymn!"

"Reproduce all beings!" A high-pitched Sanskrit voice appeared from Hill's mouth, and the milky white vortex instantly expanded, and countless silk rainbow rays of light were amplified by the power of his angels, like the holy ones who defended the justice of the world, facing each other. The countless magic woods displayed by Xiao Yan below exploded!

Angel Anthem against Demon Wood Evil Burial!

The whole world, the smog, the countless black magic wood, and the sacred notes composed of pieces of extremely bright silk rainbow rays, completely touched, and in this world, vented their respective power and anger.

The two who were still ready to go a second ago, the next moment is such an offensive, the entire medicine world is swaying, and the majestic and magnificent sacred voice and the confrontation of the demon evil wood are like a real showdown between two priests. , a random thought is enough to destroy the world.

This picture is extremely shocking and magnificent, making countless people feel how insignificant they are under this kind of power!