Chapter Vol 4 1644: 7 conferences!

In the main hall, inside the lobby, this is a beautifully decorated conference room. From top to bottom, there are a total of seventeen seats. At this time, there are five people sitting on the seven seats, only two people. belated future.

"Why can't there be two of them yet?" At this time, the man in the fifth seat couldn't help but glanced around and wondered.

However, many of the figures in this place will be known to Xiao Yan at that time, because there are three of them, three of the four who had joined forces with Acacia before, plus Irene and a man with a rather strange figure, The figures of five people stood slowly.

Among them, there are several people present.

Meteor Gate, Hu Tianyuan.

Ice and Fire House, Kong An.

Different Soul Que, Song Lanfeng.

Water Spirit Palace, Irene.

Di Pavilion, Zhao Guang.

There are five people in total, but the strength of these five people, the lowest is actually the four-star Douxian Perfection level.

The Blood Flame Cave was originally one of the Central Territory Alliances, but with the fall of Ling Yu, it was immediately replaced by the Xuanshi Hall.

The six major forces sent six representatives of the disciples, together with Xiao Yan, a seven-member conference of seven sects, which was responsible for discussing this trip to Saint Yan.

"Everyone, don't be impatient." At this time, a man with a calm face said, this guy is Zhao Guang of the Earth Pavilion.

This guy's strength can be said to be the real peak among a group of people, and the power behind him is even more like a giant.

"It's here." After a while, Eriner stared at the door of the hall with beautiful eyes, and several hurried sounds of breaking wind emerged.

"Since you're here, let's sit at the table." Glancing at Xiao Yan and Shi Chen, the man in the first place, Zhao Guang, said lightly.

Xiao Yan and Shi Chen calmly entered the table.

"Everyone here is a representative of their respective forces. This time, everyone is called together. Why is it that everyone has heard some rumors, right?" Seeing everyone gathered for a while, Zhao Guang slowly got up, his eyes were indifferent , took a look around, and said.

"Brother Zhao, everyone is well aware of this meeting, so the news about Shengyan should be made public, right?" Hu Tianyuan from Meteor Sect couldn't help but ask when the first man spoke.

"Now, the powerhouses from the five major courtyards and many planes under Li Soul Territory are all facing the Li Soul Territory Temple. Therefore, in the five major courtyards, the dragons have no heads." Zhao Guang was unmoved and said slightly.

"Hey... So that's the case." Xiao Yan heard the words and suddenly heaved a sigh of relief. After all, he was in the Earth Spirit Pagoda and had an affair with the Dean of the Earth Court and the two temple masters. In addition, they had an affair with Soul Eater. The Lord's hatred, Xiao Yan worried that they would send strong men to capture him and force out the trace of the Soul Eater.

However, what made Xiao Yan feel strange was that after these high-level officials of Li Soul Domain seemed to have left the temple of the Lord of Li Soul, they were gone forever, and Xiao Yan didn't notice any strange aura for a while.

Otherwise, once they send out a strong man, Xiao Yan may be alone now, and the plan of the Soul Eater will probably be completely broken because of Xiao Yan.

However, Hao Ni'er had obviously noticed this matter. Soon after she returned, she dispatched a strong team, led by an eight-star fighting immortal powerhouse, to attract the attention of the senior management of Li Hunyu. Only then did the senior management put Xiao Yan down temporarily.

After all, even the dean of the grounds as strong as the Seven Star Fighting Immortals cannot easily see the masters of the four major temples. In addition, the masters of the four major temples are now busy dealing with the discovered Soul Eater team, so they missed the ground. The two deans of the courtyard tried to report Xiao Yan's news, but when they could not see the four temple masters preparing to return to the Earth Spiritual Court, they were dispatched by the four temple masters and became the main force to destroy the Soul Devouring Domain team. Immediately, the arrest of Xiao Yan was staggered by such a coincidence.

After all, Xiao Yan, who is a mere four-star Dou Xian, and an eight-star Dou Xian, who is suspected of being a Soul Devourer, can know at a glance which is more important.

"What does this mean?" Everyone was stunned when they heard the words, obviously not knowing why this guy said this.

"The birthplace of Holy Flame exists in the center of the five-year-old courtyard, where Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon is a real dangerous place."

"And now in the Earth Spiritual Academy, only the dean of the Spiritual Academy is guarding it, so this time, the power of our Earth Spiritual Academy to compete for the holy flame is everyone here."

"And our competitors are the other four academies who belong to the five academies." Zhao Guang spoke slightly, his voice full of intriguing meaning.

"What about the other four courtyards..." Several people whispered slightly.

"In the other four courtyards, the powerhouses are stronger than our Earth Spirit Institute, only not weaker, so this time, I hope everyone can show sincerity and jointly defend against other powerhouses. As for the final ownership of Shengyan, in the end, each of them depends on their abilities. ."

"Everyone...what do you think?" The man's eyes swept over everyone's bodies as soon as he finished speaking.

The strength of everyone here is almost at the level of four-star Dou Xian perfection, and even a few people have reached the level of five-star Dou Xian.

"I agree."

"I agree too." After Shun breathed, a group of figures said.

"Xiao Yan, what about you?" Looking at the few people present, only two of them did not agree, one was Xiao Yan, and the other was Irene, the man asked.

"Cooperation is mutually beneficial, but this kind of cooperation doesn't seem to have any fairness at all." Xiao Yan heard the words and stood up slowly, his pupils filled with majestic fighting intent.

The guy who presided over the meeting should have reached the level of the early stage of Five-Star Fighting Immortals, but Xiao Yan was not afraid.

"This time, the holy flame... is an immortal fire." Hearing Xiao Yan's question, the man's face was a little ugly, but the leader-like aura instantly gathered and he said.

"Gulu... It's actually an immortal fire!" Xiao Yan heard the words and the heat in his pupils became even hotter.

Immortal fire!

Finally came to this world.

Judging from the previous information of my teacher, the Lord of Soul Eater, Undying Fire and Acacia Heartbroken should be controlled by the Lord of Li Soul, but why did this guy abandon Undying Fire? Is there any fraud in this? ...

Or, is this immortal fire just a bait for the Lord of Souls, whose purpose is to draw out the powerhouses in the Soul Devouring Domain?

"Don't doubt, this undead fire really exists, because it was discovered by the Master of Soul Li himself."

"What the Lord of the Soul said, naturally there will be no falsehood." Zhao Guang said with a smile, looking at everyone's puzzled expressions.

"Since it was discovered by Lord Li Soul himself, there shouldn't be a problem... In addition to the resonance of the undead leaves and other powers in my body, I am afraid that Undying Fire was really abandoned by Lord Li Soul, but he did it for the purpose of doing so. , why?"

"Is it really as the teacher said, this guy wants to use the help of Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation to try to take that crucial step." Xiao Yan's heart quickly turned.

Ever since he left the Acacia Tree, Xiao Yan knew that the mystery of Acacia Broken Enteric inflammation was among the most mysterious types of holy flames in Christmas. If the Lord of Li Soul was so willing, I am afraid there was some way to give it to the holy flames. The most mysterious power in the flames, and once it is swallowed by the Master of Li Soul, Mu Yingying's resurrection will probably become a fantasy. .

"Do you still have any questions?"

"If there is no doubt, it is not too late. We will leave tomorrow and go to the place where the holy flames come to discuss in the long run." After speaking, the meeting slowly dissipated, and everyone went back to prepare.