Chapter Vol 4 1559: 1 up!

"Since you're here, please come to the table." Huo Yi was dressed in brocade clothes today, and his aura was quite tyrannical, like a real ruler, speaking condescendingly.

At this time, Huo Yi didn't have any violent aura on his body, but his tone was extremely flat. It seemed that after Huo Lao's incident, he had a new understanding of Xiao Yan and the two of them.

"Thank you, Sect Master." Xiao Yan clasped his fists and smiled, then took Xiao Gui, slowly walked over the top of the banquet, and walked straight towards the end of the banquet.

The position of the banquet determines the level of their status, and now that Xiao Yan and the two are at the end of the banquet, it is not difficult to see the opinions of the dozens of Ten Thousand Fire Sect executives present on the two of them.

"Everyone, today is the great day when the Spiritual Academy sent its disciples to our Wanhuo Sect. What is the future of our Wanhuo Sect, we can only rely on the two adults, and I hope that the two adults will not be stingy with their advice." After a short while, the banquet In the middle, a rather thin man raised his wine glass and smiled at Xiao Yan and the two.

"Definitely." Seeing this, Xiao Yan also stood up, immediately raised his glass, and drank it all in one gulp.

"Hey, Lord Xiao Yan, the third in command in the next sect, named Huo Xun, is about three-star fighting immortal perfection."

"I have long heard that Sir Xiao Yan is the manager personally named by the old ghost master of the earth spirit. When I saw it today, I was very itchy. I hope that I can fight with you, let my subordinates see it, and let the old ghost master the earth spirit. What kind of tyranny is such a fancy disciple?" After drinking a glass of strong wine, he didn't know whether it was relying on the strong wine to strengthen his courage or premeditated.

"Huoxun, don't be rude."

"Sir Xiao Yan is a disciple of the Spiritual Academy. You have a dignified three-star fighting spirit, but..." After a while, Sect Master Huo Yi, who was in the first place, taught a lesson in a scolding tone.

"Hey, what the sect master taught is that it was the subordinate who took the liberty, and I'll punish myself for three cups first." After speaking, he drank three cups and sat down slowly.

"What the third-in-command of Huo Xun said is not unreasonable, and today's competition stage is holding a banquet, and it would be too boring to just taste wine."

"So I have a way, I don't know if the sect master can agree?" After a while, facing the laughter of these guys, Xiao Yan said calmly. There was no anger in his voice, but it was extremely calm.

"Lord Xiao Yan, but it's okay to say it." Sect Master Huo Yi said with a smile, obviously he also wanted to see how Xiao Yan could deal with this grand banquet today.

"I am willing to compete with Lord Huoxun to help everyone, but..." Xiao Yan said lightly.

"Good boy, have courage!"

"Just waiting for your words!"

"Come on!" Huo Xun heard the words, his figure jumped suddenly, and he drove directly to the competition stage in front of him and laughed.

"However, just being the third-in-command of Huo Xun is not enough." After a while, Xiao Yan's calm voice was like thunder, and it slowly spread among the seats.

"Boy, do you want to die?" Hearing Xiao Yan's words, the powerhouses in the other seats were all angry.

"Don't be rude." Seeing this, Huo Yi waved his hand to suppress his restless emotions.

"Then... what do you think it should be?" At this time, Huo Yi also laughed, obviously admiring Xiao Yan's courage.

"Sect Master Huoyi, today's Hongmen banquet, I Xiao Yan came as promised."

"Myriad Fire Sect, our two brothers will definitely take over the management..." Xiao Yan said slowly without changing his face.

"Crack!"

"Crack!" Just as Xiao Yan spoke, the exquisite wine glass in Huo Yi's palm on the seat shattered instantly.

"If anyone disagrees, let's go together."

"If you don't accept it...then fight until you accept it." After a short while, the smile at the corner of Xiao Yan's mouth became as bright as a demon. Immediately, his voice sounded like thunder, and it exploded in the competition stage.

"Hey, this guy is too arrogant. I'm afraid this time, the old ghost of the earth spirit will lose his calculations." Looking at Xiao Yan, who was rebellious and his heart was higher than the sky, the elder Huoyun could only secretly secretly Shaking his head.

"Boy, you are courting death!" As Xiao Yan's voice fell, Huo Yi's violent aura suddenly spread out, and the pressure of the middle stage of the Four Star Fighting Immortal also suddenly filled the air.

"I don't want to waste time."

"If you don't agree, let's go together."

"Including you, Sect Master." Facing the dozens of **** eyes on the seats, Xiao Yan smiled lightly, then slowly left his seat and came to the competition platform, ready to fight.

It's not that Xiao Yan doesn't know how to manage, but that he is too lazy to manage. After all, many forces on the Dou Qi Continent are built by himself, and he is also very handy in managing forces.

"Sect Master, this kid is too arrogant."

"Let's teach him a good lesson." After a few breaths, the ten three-star Douxian Perfectionists who were present said at the same time.

"Father, me too..." Huo Liuxin, who was on the side, also said when he saw this.

"Go with ten of you, remember to do your best, but don't let him have the power of his life."

"Xin'er, you are here to watch slowly." After a while, a decision was made.

The dozens of senior officials of Ten Thousand Fire Sect above the banquet, in addition to Sect Master Huoyi, Huo Lao, Huoyun Great Elder, Huo Liuxin, and the remaining ten powerhouses, left their seats at the same time, and then went to the competition platform. , the breath is majestic and surprising.

"Brother, let me go with you." Seeing this, Xiao Gui could feel the dazzling power of these ten strong men, and immediately worried.

"Don't worry, I don't need you for this power." Xiao Yan smiled heartily, and there was an extremely majestic confidence in his voice.

"Hey, these guys, I'm afraid some of them have suffered." Looking at the second team of people in the field, Huo Lao kept shaking his head. Obviously, only he knows Xiao Yan's strength. Xiao Yan's true strength is like an abyss. It is bottomless, and the attack method is strong, not to mention the completeness of the three-star fighting immortal, even if he is half-step four-star fighting immortal strength, he will be afraid after a while.

"Boy You will pay for your arrogance!"

"That price will end with your serious injury!" The ten strong men lined up in front of Xiao Yan, and suddenly there was an extremely tyrannical flame fluctuation between Huo Xun's eyebrows, and said viciously.

"Ten three-star fighting immortals are complete powerhouses, and the strength of the Ten Thousand Fire Sect is really extraordinary, but... this is not enough!" Xiao Yan's eyes became deep, and he said slowly, at the same time, the bright red flames of the great heavenly seeds also emerged. , Obviously, Xiao Yan did not dare to take it lightly among the ten three-star Douxian Perfectionists.

"you wanna die!"

"Go on, let's go together!"

"Tear up this kid for me, and let him know how powerful our Ten Thousand Fire Sect is!" The next moment, when Xiao Yan was so terrifyingly provocative, ten strong men suddenly burst out with blue flames, and then roared towards Xiao Yan, Its aura is so strong, I am afraid that even the ordinary four-star Dou Xian early stage powerhouse can only temporarily avoid it.

On the other hand, Xiao Yan did not move at all, but the void around him was shaking slowly, as if some strange power had emerged, and when this power emerged, Sect Master Huoyi's expression was also slightly moved.