Chapter Vol 4 1828: New King, Empress Hayashi!

Wangcheng, in the royal meeting room, above the altar.

The three electors entered their seats safely, and Xiao Yan and the others also accompanied them and stood silently by the side, like giants that were immobile.

"Ten elders, ten seven-star fighting immortals..." Xiao Yan and Ji Xuan in black robes stood beside the princess. Oppression hits.

With this slight fluctuation, Xiao Yan can infer from this that these ten people are all battle-hardened warriors who have been on the edge of life and death for many years, making their murderous aura unmistakable.

"Since everyone is here, then this election day will officially begin." Seeing the presence of the powerful people, the head of Yuanwei looked around and said softly.

"Leader Yuan, wait." The next moment, Lin Fengya suddenly spoke up. The voice was extremely amiable, and people inadvertently attracted a good impression.

"What's the matter with Prince Lin Fengya?" Yuan Shou was not in a hurry, but asked softly.

"Today is the day of the royal election. Why didn't the father and the king come in person for such a grand event?" Lin Fengya said word by word, but the strange thing was that when he said these words, he risked a big difference. The trace, but it came out of Lin Fengya's mouth, was like an innocent child who was extremely concerned about his father's body.

"Disgusting... such a hypocritical guy." Seeing Lin Fengya's actions like this, Ji Xuan glanced coldly, his eyes and voice filled with disdain.

Originally, what happened to Lin Fengya had not been completely revealed. Ji Xuan and others didn't know much about him. Unfortunately, after Xiao Yan broke into the tiger's den alone, he saw through this guy's wolf ambitions. At this moment, Ji Xuan naturally wanted to kill this guy. Wan cut.

"Hey..." Even if it was a very small voice, it fell into the ears of many strong people, and suddenly a trace of regret could not help but emerge in Yuan Shou's eyes.

"Oh... these guys seem to have a plan." Xiao Yan's soul power was extremely tyrannical, and Yuan Shou's slight change was also noticed.

"Who are you?"

"The electoral meeting is also something that ordinary people like you can intervene in?" At this moment, Lin Feng sneered arrogantly.

"Come here, bring him down!" Just when the two princes were about to get angry, Yuan Shou's voice fell, and a swift figure of Yuan Wei led Ji Xuan down with thunder.

"Princess." At this moment, Ji Xuan seemed to sense something, staring at Lin Yunshu with red pupils, lost his voice.

"Go down." Lin Yunshu smiled quietly, Ji Xuan also disappeared here, and the altar was returning to peace.

"Tsk tsk, this stinky girl has a good way." Looking at the actions of Lin Yunshu and Yuan Shou, the two princes looked at each other, as if they had reached some consensus.

"Next, let's officially start the election." With the end of this episode, Yuanshou's deep pupils flickered, and then a wave of heat appeared all over his body, which was easily poured on the stone tablet.

"Weng Om!" So shocked by Yuan Shou, above the stone tablet, a powerful pressure instantly filled the air, like a ripple of energy, sweeping the entire altar.

"The election is on!"

"Come up again, all the kings, in the name of Wu Yuanshou, to sacrifice the sacrament of election!" After a while, the bright stars were like an endless tide, baptizing their bodies.

"Ten elders, each of you has one vote. Please cast your most precious vote for your convincing successor. The wooden plaque in front of you is extremely one vote." King, look down and speak.

"Hey!" As Yuan Shou spoke, the entire quiet altar also had some sparse loosening.

The old men above the ten seats walked gently without any bribes or words. They already had a clear goal in their hearts.

Of course, Lin Feng and Lin Fengya knew more or less about the collusion behind the Holy See and the Soul Palace, but they only knew about the skins. any ballot.

When Xiao Yan under the black robe heard this, his expression finally moved.

The next step is the crucial part. No matter whether the election is successful or not, fierce battles will break out, and that is the most critical step!

Xiao Yan shook his head lightly and looked at Yuan Shou standing beside the stone tablet. It seemed that this guy had a chance to win and was not worried at all.

"The real new king will be established next. It seems that your chances of success are quite rare." Watching the ten elders walk one after another, they have been wandering, as if waiting or for other reasons, they have not put their hands in their hands for a long time. After the vote was cast, the mysterious Holy See man beside Lin Feng said slightly.

"Lin Yunshu...Lin Fengya!"

"Even if the two of you are selected, this time I will definitely subvert this place!" After Lin Feng sneered, he folded his hands in front of his chest, and the sharp ice on the corners of his mouth was even stronger. He knew that Lin Fengya would be more powerful than himself. Even more anxious, because his matter was exposed, so naturally he was not anxious.

In the altar, ten people walked one after another, and after a few minutes, the wooden signs in the hands of the ten people disappeared together, and they were quietly placed in front of Yuan Shou.

Four three three!

It's actually four, three, three!

Ten votes, three elections, whoever has more than four votes will become the new king.

"Princess Lin Yunshu, congratulations." At the next moment, looking at the result, Yuan Shou gently put away the wooden token in his hand, checked the aura on the wooden token again and again, and then smiled at Lin Yunshu's position. Cast a very respectful look.

"Thank you." Lin Yunshu heard the words, and his delicate body was shocked. After a while, he bent down and bowed back.

"The new king has appeared, it is Her Royal Highness Queen Lin Yunshu."

"Tomorrow, the emperor will personally confer the throne for Her Majesty the Queen After the rest, Yuan Shou raised the ten wooden plaques in his hand, and his high-pitched voice resounded throughout the altar.

"Huhu... Is it going so well?" Hearing Yuan Shou's words, Xiao Yan in black robe smelled an extreme chill from the four guards beside Lin Feng and Lin Fengya!

Killing intent, no doubt!

"Hehe, congratulations to Sister Wang first." At this moment, Lin Fengya gently stood up from the wheelchair and sneered.

"You..." Seeing Lin Fengya's appearance like this, the three elders who had just voted for Lin Fengya's eyes narrowed and lost their voices.

How could a lame man walk upright?

At this time, they also felt something was wrong.

"Since Wang Mei has become the new king, then I borrowed something from the queen. I don't know what the queen wants?" At this moment, Lin Fengya's face showed a maddening smile, as if a man was swearing and depriving himself. Crazy man who likes things.

"What?" Lin Yunshu's noble gesture emerged, and she immediately said in a contemptuous tone and tone like the goddess of the mayfly nine days.

"Your power of the stars... and the Star Continent under your command!" At this time, an extremely arrogant voice resounded on the entire altar like a demon!

For a time, the audience stopped abruptly, and there was no sound!