Chapter Vol 2 752: Spirit Palace

"The future immortal-level pharmacist, this name is very terrifying..." Xiao Yan listened to Ye Meng's words, and was immediately surprised for a while, and then he said.

Immortal-level pharmacists, looking at the entire Xuansan Santian, are like phoenix hair water chestnuts. I am afraid that the pavilion masters of Fenxiang Pavilion have to treat them with respect. After all, the powerhouses at that level have reached the level of holding the sky with one hand.

"These are all things to say later, but you, this kid, surprised me a little."

"It's just that he broke the cultivation record in the Tongtian River, and then cultivated the fighting skills that no one has successfully cultivated since the establishment of the hall of success, and it also doesn't matter the soul power of the emperor's realm level and the holy flame. , you have a lot of secrets on your kid."

"I'm curious who can teach such a perverted apprentice."

"Don't use the old man Zhu as a shield, it's still clear what he thinks about that guy." Ye Meng asked Xiao Yan slightly.

Ye Meng and Zhu Jin were old acquaintances. Ye Meng vaguely knew that at best, Zhu Jin could teach Xiao Yan about spiritual strength and battle formations. As for other places, he could not teach him at all.

"It's just a fluke." Faced with Ye Meng's questioning, Xiao Yan immediately felt a little big, and he couldn't tell others about it, so he could only deal with it at will.

"Since you don't talk about it, it's up to you, but as a member of the Burning Incense Pavilion, I advise you to keep your bottom line in everything. After all, you can't walk by the river without getting your shoes wet." Ye Meng said , After speaking, the two came directly to the door of the second wooden house.

"I have been taught." After listening to Ye Meng's teaching, Xiao Yan's presence seemed to understand something when he thought about what he had done in Burning Incense Pavilion these days, and immediately nodded respectfully to Ye Meng.

"It's here." Ye Meng said casually, and then stopped.

"This room is full of strong incense and medicinal herbs." Xiao Yan also stopped immediately, but Xiao Yan's excellent soul perception told him.

"Hey, this is a forbidden place in our Burning Incense Pavilion. If you hadn't defeated that girl Leng Fuyao, I wouldn't let you in."

"It's only this time, it's not an example next time." Ye Meng said, and then he stopped talking and calmed down.

Then Xiao Yan saw that a wave of extremely bright soul fluctuations continued to emanate from Ye Meng, and gently gathered towards the room.

"Soul lock, really advanced." Seeing this, Xiao Yan immediately understood what Ye Meng was doing.

As long as the soul power reaches a certain height, you can immediately use the soul power to open up a small space, and for some precious things, you can also use the soul power to block, and the things that are blocked with the soul power are extremely safe, even if others are better than others. You can't break through if you are stronger and stronger. Unless the caster dies, the caster must open it in person.

"Hoohoo."

"Let's go." After taking a few breaths, Ye Meng wiped off a profuse sweat. It seemed that this activation consumed a lot of soul power, and then he said something to Xiao Yan.

After Ye Meng finished speaking, the door that was tightly closed in front of the two was suddenly opened with a creak, and Ye Meng strode inside.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan followed suit.

However, the moment Xiao Yan stepped into this room, Xiao Yan clearly felt an extremely severe pain from his body!

"Squeak!"

"Bastard!" Xiao Yan scolded secretly for the first time, then his eyes were a little red, and he held the door with one hand, and said slightly weakly.

"What's wrong?" Ye Meng heard the words, and immediately turned his head to look at Xiao Yan. At this time, Xiao Yan's breath was extremely weak, and he didn't know what he was doing.

"It's alright, let's go." After Xiao Yan gasped violently for a few times, he took out a large amount of medicinal pills and swallowed them, and then he felt weak.

However, Xiao Yan was surprised in his heart, because the source of the change just now was the blood demon golden energy in his chest!

This blood demon golden energy has been temporarily suppressed by the strength of the color scale full-scale fighting immortal. Even if it is resolved in a short time, it should not recur.

But the moment Xiao Yan stepped into this room just now, the blood demon's golden energy clearly produced a very restless mood, and the suppression imposed by Cai Lin was instantly broken, and the scene just now came about.

Fortunately, Xiao Yan's eyes were quick and his hands were quick, and he did not reveal any flaws.

However, Xiao Yan did not dare to reveal any flaws. If the blood demon gold energy in his body was discovered by the people in the Burning Incense Pavilion, he would probably have a very bleak end. annihilated hatred.

"If it's all right, let's go."

"The place where you broke through is inside, and it will take some time to break through to the second-grade alchemist of the emperor." Ye Meng said slightly.

"I don't know Ye Lao, what else do you need to break through to the second-rank emperor rank alchemist?" Xiao Yan hurriedly shifted his attention after slowly calming down the blood demon gold energy in his body.

"Emperor-rank second-grade medicine refining is no child's play. Although your soul power has reached the emperor's realm, you have not made a breakthrough."

"And your soul power has reached the threshold of breakthrough. If you want to truly advance to the second-rank Emperor Rank Alchemist , you must also use the soul stone." Ye Meng said calmly.

"Soul stone?" Xiao Yan hesitated, apparently he knew very little about the connection between soul power and alchemist.

After all, it's no wonder that Xiao Yan was taught by a veteran Yao when he was on the road of Dou Qi before, so he didn't have to worry about other things. This Dou Emperor Continent was different, and many things troubled Xiao Yan.

"The emperor-level pharmacist's journey of cultivation is about cultivating a spiritual palace. Cultivation builds a spiritual palace. When the alchemist breaks through the immortal-level pharmacist, a real spiritual palace will be born in the body. When the spiritual palace moves, people can kill people. Being invisible, you can besiege the enemy and turn your hands around, it can be said to be a great killing technique exclusively for our pharmacists." Ye Meng smiled slightly.

"The purpose of the soul stone is to compress and condense your soul power to prepare for the establishment of a spiritual palace for future cultivation."

"And the Ling Palace is the embodiment of the spiritual power cultivated to the extreme."

"According to legend, there are pharmacists who are more powerful than the alchemists of the immortal rank. They use the spirit palace to imprison the strong immortals. In the blink of an eye, the strong immortals will be returned to the dust. Among them, I am afraid that only you will be able to do it yourself in the future. Experience." Ye Meng explained carefully.

Although Xiao Yan couldn't become his own disciple, it would be fine to make him feel better about the pharmacy.

"Soul stone, Spirit Palace..." Xiao Yan nodded when he heard the words, it was the first time someone had told him this kind of thing, and the person in front of him had the last capital to teach Xiao Yan. .

"Senior, please advise on how to deal with the Soul Stone and the Spirit Palace!" Xiao Yan also knew that Ye Meng's refining skills were far superior to him, and immediately asked for advice humbly. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: