Chapter Vol 4 1055: Fighting Immortal Long Yi!

"Dragon clan?" Looking at the huge silver dragon in the cloud and mist, Ye Mo's heart couldn't help but be vigilant. At the level of Banxian Fighting Immortal, he knew the strength of this time just by looking at it. weak.

And obviously, the strength of this silver giant dragon is stronger than that of Ye Mo Banxian, so there is only one possibility.

Dou Xian.

The dragon family has been the representative of the ultimate power since ancient times, and the Golden Dragon King can be said to stand at the top of the pyramid of power, so even if it is the same level of fighting immortal strength, humans may not necessarily be the opponents of the dragon family.

"Your Excellency is a dragon, why do you want to interfere with our human affairs?"

"If this matter spreads out, I'm afraid it won't be good for your reputation." Seeing this, Ye Mo lost his previous arrogance and said respectfully. After all, everyone knows that the Dragon Clan is most interested in reputation and them. Confidence in one's own strength.

And let's not say that the genuine fighting immortal strength of the silver dragon in front of him makes everyone jealous.

"Hahaha."

"Yellow mouth child."

"This guy has a gift for this king, and I must save him today." Long Yi also turned into a handsome looking man before everyone's eyes, and said to Ye Mo in a gentle manner.

"asshole……"

"To be able to directly transform human beings, he really is a real warrior of immortals..." Ye Mo's pupils became dignified when he saw this scene.

Because he knows that a strong fighting immortal is enough to change this one-sided situation.

"Isn't Long Yi a soul body..."

"How could it be..." And Xiao Yan looked at the tyrannical Long Yi in the sky, but shook his head, obviously even he didn't know.

"Hey, little guy, you don't know anything about this."

"The dragons are different from your humans."

"Although you are also reduced to a soul body, you humans must refine your body to be reborn."

"The dragon family is different, because the dragon family is the representative of strength and destruction. If you use the way you humans refine your body, even if you are resurrected, you won't be able to inherit their powerful power."

"That's why the dragon race took another shortcut. Although they were reduced to soul bodies, as long as they happened by chance, they could directly cultivate the dragon body with their own power, and achieve a true rebirth from the cocoon."

"And the reason why your chi-ling has directly transformed from a soul body into a real dragon body now is probably related to your previous golden dragon king, who left something for Long Yi before he left."

"But the current Long Yi, I am afraid that his strength is only in the late stage of One Star Dou Xian. After all, even if he already has a dragon body, but there is no real dragon blood infusion, his strength is still extremely weak." When Xiao Yan was puzzled, Soul Eater said.

"So it is." Xiao Yan was relieved when he heard the words, because Xiao Yan was the owner of the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng. Ever since Long Yi just woke up and turned into a human figure, Xiao Yan noticed that it seemed that Long Yi and the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng were inseparable from each other. The connection was interrupted, and Douxian Longyi was already a real dragon at this time, not the ruler of the ancient ruler of Yihuo Heng.

"However, the current form is not optimistic."

"Although Long Yi's strength is strong, he doesn't dare to stay for too long. After all, dragon blood and dragon scales are treasures all over the dragon family. You humans are much more greedy."

"According to my estimation, Long Yi should be able to stop Banxian Ye Mo and the two nine-star fighting emperors. As for the other six nine-star fighting emperors, I am afraid it will still be a big trouble." The Soul Eater analyzed, after all, if Xiao Yan falls, I am afraid that the fate of Soul Eater will not be much better.

"Senior, if you take action..." Xiao Yan said in a deep voice.

"I can kill these other eight nine-star fighting emperors."

"But you have to be clear that this is Xuan Santian. With the hostile relationship between Xuantian and the ghost world, if I take action, I am afraid that you will become the enemy of the entire Xuantian, and things will probably be more troublesome than now." Soul Eater said.

"Those six people, I'll find a way." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he calmed down quietly, the core inscriptions of the divine movement in his body continued to condense, and now he has only this way.

"Xuan Ming, look at the two of you and follow me to stop this silver dragon. The other six people, mainly the core, will arrest Xiao Yan!"

"Remember, you have to catch them alive!" Seeing this, Ye Mo could only speak.

Among the Dragon Addiction Corps, Xuan Ming ranks third, and now his strength is at the peak of Dou Di, while Qingmu ranks fourth, and he is also a powerhouse who has stepped into the sixth rank and nine-star Dou Di. Such a tyrannical three can be considered against Long Yi. Look up to him.

"Humph!"

"Dragon-loving legion in a mere mere desire to move the person your grandfather Long Yi wants to protect?" Long Yi heard the words and saw that the division of labor of the dragon-loving legion was clear, and couldn't help but said in a mocking tone.

Long Yi knew that he was able to break through from the soul body to have a real dragon body, all of which came from the help of the Golden Dragon King, and the relationship between the Golden Dragon King and Xiao Yan was not ordinary. If Xiao Yan has three strengths and two weaknesses, I am afraid Long Yi will The Golden Dragon King Longjing was all taken down.

"It seems that today, your plan is not so easy." Xiao Yi, who was constantly dealing with Qin Tian in the distance, smiled when he saw Long Yi wake up.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"You still take care of yourself!"

"I see how long you can hold on!" After Qin Tian finished speaking, his figure exploded, and he launched a sky-shattering attack on Xiao Yi, and the Emperor Flame Sword in Xiao Yi's palm also became bleak under Qin Tian's attack.

"Do it!" Ye Mo said in a deep voice, and then, with Xuan Ming, the two of them turned to form a triangular siege and attacked Long Yi.

"It's too much!" Long Yi looked at the three men with no fear at all. A silver halo slowly spread from his feet.

"Boom!" When Ye Mo and the three surrounded Long Yi with a triangle, a silver dragon surrounded by lightning suddenly appeared in the pupils of the three!

"Thunder Dragon Tail!" Long Yi turned into a dragon body, not only the defense greatly increased, but also the strength and destructive power to a higher level.

As soon as Long Yi's voice fell, on the dozens of feet of dragon's tail, there was a tingling dense thunder ~ which shot directly at the three of them.

"Shabu Shabu!" Wherever the Thunder Dragon's tail passed, there were explosions everywhere, and a trace of small thunder still remained in the sky, but the discerning person knew that, don't look at this extremely small thunder, it was enough to easily hit Something that kills a nine-star Doudi powerhouse!

"Pfft!" Ye Mo thought that Long Yi's Thunder Dragon Tail was so tyrannical, he didn't have time to defend himself, and was directly injured by him, and a mouthful of blood spurted out.

"Damn beast!" Ye Mo spurted out a mouthful of blood, but the blood was not blood red, but black and red, which was rather strange.

"Drug core, come back."

"Lie Addiction Dragon Formation, slaughter this beast for me!" Just as Yaoxin's six people were about to attack Xiao Yan, Ye Mo's voice was like thunder, and he said directly.

The six Yaoxin had to give up besieging Xiao Yan temporarily, because they knew that if Qin Tian or Ye Mo failed, even if they captured Xiao Yan, they would probably return without success.

"Little devil, are you alright?" Long Yi succeeded with a single strike, came directly to Xiao Yan's side, and opened his mouth slightly.

"Senior Long Yi, I'm fine... It's this time, trouble." Xiao Yan said with a hint of apology on the corner of his mouth.

"Don't worry, with me here, no one dares to touch you here!" Long Yi said rather domineeringly.

"etc……"

"Senior?"

"Call me Big Brother!" At the end of the sentence, Long Yi said to Xiao Yan.

.. m.