Chapter 560: Absorb the soul fluid!

"I'll go too!" Shanyao said eagerly.

"The old man is also going, just in time to help you." Snake Xing also laughed.

"Well, thank you Big Brother Snake Punishment." Shan Ling's heart warmed when she heard the words. Since that letter has been changed, Shan Ling also needs to go to the top of the desert mountain range to have a look!

"You guys rest for a while, I'll start after absorbing the soul fluid." Xiao Yan was overjoyed when he saw several people quiet down.

The reason for absorbing this soul liquid is to take the lead in breaking through the Emperor Realm mortal level. After all, Xiao Yan also knew that the topmost layer of this desert mountain range would definitely be extremely dangerous, so breaking through the Emperor Realm mortal rank soul power was imminent!

"Okay!" Shanyao and the others seemed to know the difficulty of this trip and responded as they went.

"Come here, this is a secret room." The next moment, Shan Ling seemed to be in a much better mood, and then gently turned a certain ink cartridge in her hand.

"Crack!" A very shocking scene suddenly appeared in a very inconspicuous place in the house.

I saw that the originally closed floor opened directly, and then slowly revealed a road.

In the passage, a faint flame of fire spread from below, causing everyone to be shocked!

"This is a secret room. If you want to absorb soul fluid, go inside."

"As for us, we'll be waiting for you here," Shan Ling said.

"Okay." Hearing this, Xiao Yan also sensed the extremely strong soul power below, and immediately nodded slightly to a few people, then his figure moved, and he said that he had slid into the wooden passage!

"He entered like this... wouldn't it be dangerous?" Shan Yao seemed to know something and spoke slightly.

"No, he has soul fluid on him, so nothing will happen."

"Let's recover first, I think there will be a battle at the top of the desert mountain range!" Shan Ling said, her pupils closed, and she slowly adjusted her breath.

Shan Yao and Snake Punishment on the side seemed to be hesitant to say anything, but they still followed the class step by step.

"It's such a terrifying restriction on the soul..." Xiao Yan had just entered this passage, and suddenly found that this passage was leading from under the wooden plank of the room where Xiao Yan was just now.

A slight flame spread from the depths, Xiao Yan just took a few steps, but he felt that this secret room was not easy!

"Forget it, according to what the snake torturers said, there shouldn't be any more danger here. I'd better go ahead and break through as soon as possible."

"The power of the soul at the peak of the emperor's mortal level is not enough to swallow the holy flame..." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing after finishing speaking.

"Tick tock!" Xiao Yan walked away from the wooden board in the room, and then walked down step by step!

Xiao Yan walked for a few minutes, and suddenly realized that this was a secret room. The scope of the secret room was extremely wide, and the walls were surrounded by some solid stones and some firelights that illuminated the road.

"Okay, let's go here." Xiao Yan's eyes and soul power spread out in an instant, finding that the secret room was extremely sealed and airtight, and immediately said in a deep voice.

"This is a good place." Seeing this, Long Yi floated out slightly and said casually in the air.

"Finally, I can break through the power of the emperor's mortal-level soul..." Xiao Yan couldn't help but say something, and then he sat down on a clean floor in the secret room!

The power of the emperor's soul is inseparable from the level of the alchemist. If he can't break through the soul power for a long time, I am afraid that Xiao Yan's second-rank alchemist will be hopeless.

"Let's set up the Soul Barrier first. Although those people are good-natured, they have to be defensive. If there is a slight difference, I'm afraid the end will be extremely miserable!" Xiao Yan murmured.

As soon as the voice fell, a dazzling soul force burst out from Xiao Yan's soul realm, and then frantically ignored the passage that came in!

In a short moment, this secret room was controlled by Xiao Yan's soul barrier. Once anyone approached this place, Xiao Yan would immediately know it, and he would also be attacked by soul power!

"Soul liquid..." Xiao Yan took out the exquisite box after all of this last night.

The box is extremely beautiful, like a natural artwork, and there is an unattainable feeling between the lines!

"As expected of an immortal-level pharmacist condensed with all his hard work..." Xiao Yan couldn't help laughing.

This box of Chen Fang's soul liquid looks very ordinary, but only Xiao Yan knows that the origin of this box is by no means extraordinary, otherwise how could it be able to withstand such a terrifying soul liquid!

"Crack!" Xiao Yan moved his hands and opened the box slightly!

The next moment, this box was different from the one outside just now, because this time Xiao Yan wrapped his hands with his soul power, and the transparent and colorless liquid in the box suddenly burst open for a while, causing Xiao Yan to leave. Shocked!

"Puff puff!" Several voices directly caused Xiao Yan's face to bleed slightly!

"As expected of soul liquid!" Xiao Yan was secretly delighted, without any displeasure at all!

After all, this is soul liquid, the product of an immortal-level pharmacist, if it doesn't have the slightest power, then Xiao Yan will definitely not believe it.

"Time is tight, so let's absorb it first." Xiao Yan said to himself in a good mood.

"Suck it, I'm protecting the law for you, nothing will happen!" Long Yi opened his mouth slightly, obviously quite satisfied with this series of Xiao Yan's actions!

"En!" Xiao Yan heard the words, put the soul liquid in his hand slowly on the ground, and then closed his eyes slightly, trying his best to regulate his breath!

Devouring soul liquid is no joke, if something is wrong it will be wiped out, so Xiao Yan didn't dare to take it lightly, so he had to deal with it in a prosperous manner!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Huhu!" After just a few minutes, Xiao Yan's breath returned to its peak.

"Soul liquid, wake me up!" The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly glowed with a look, and then he shouted!

With Xiao Yan's explosive drink, the huge soul power in Xiao Yan's soul realm was instantly drawn out by Xiao Yan, and immediately wrapped it away to the soul liquid that was so close at hand!

Seemingly sensing the existence of other powers, the soul liquid suddenly trembled strangely, and immediately moved, trying to avoid Xiao Yan's wrap, because once wrapped, it would turn into Xiao Yan's paint!

"It seems that this senior is really kind-hearted..." When Xiao Yan saw this scene, he immediately understood that this soul liquid was the purest, like a newborn baby!

This kind of soul liquid is the most excellent, and it is also the best driving force to devour and enhance the power of the soul!

"I want to see how long you can run..." Xiao Yan was not in a hurry, he just sat cross-legged, and then controlled his soul power and kept chasing with the soul liquid. Xiao Yan believed that once the soul liquid was consumed too much, It's time to devour yourself.

At this time, the soul liquid in the box had already disappeared without a trace, and there was only a pool of transparent liquid flowing everywhere in the sky.

Wherever the soul liquid passes, the space can't help shaking!

Ask for tickets!