Chapter Vol 4 2138: Judgment Day in the Holy City = Battle of the Continent? ...

Ten days, say fast or not, say slow or not.

The Holy See Branch of Shengyuan Continent.

"Teacher... You have a lot of thoughts, you seem to have something on your mind?"

Hao Ni'er followed behind the Soul Eater, and with the help of the black robe, he could see some doubts and worries on his cheeks.

"The Holy See branch here is nothing to be afraid of. Even with Miller's participation, it cannot pose a threat to me."

"It's just that the Pope who appeared in the past seems to be quite illusory, which makes me unsure whether his identity is true or false."

In the black robe of the Lord of Soul Eater, bursts of unusually eerie and majestic power emerged. This power was by no means the power Xiao Yan had seen in the past to be able to enter the cycle of reincarnation.

"Never mind, rescue him tomorrow, and then you all go back to Soul Eater."

"Doudi Continent, I have to go again."

The Lord of Soul Eater laughed, so the place became quiet.

Demon world.

"Recently, the master seems to be restless, what is he doing?"

"Forget it, the master should have been in seclusion for a long time, and there has been no movement, so let's not bother."

A series of monster beast overlords muttered outside the Yaoyuan Cave, but no one dared to take a step.

...

Ten days later, in the early morning, the sun rises.

Xiao Yan had already arrived in Douyun Continent for several days, but he did not reveal his identity in order to explore the terrain.

Today is the day when the Holy City publicly judges the Devil of Light. Xiao Yan mixed into the Yaozu station after visiting Qiao Zhuang. As for Feng Waner and others, without the help of Xiao Zifan, they could only walk on foot. on the way.

"Xiao Yan?"

"You... are you a human or a ghost?"

At this moment, Yao Yichen was quietly walking on the Yaozu trail, looking at a familiar figure suddenly appearing in front of her, she lost her voice in astonishment.

"Take me to see the elders of your clan."

Xiao Yan took off the black robe and disintegrated the form.

"Alright, let's go this way."

After a while, Xiao Yan also successfully reunited with the elders.

"You guy, you are really tenacious."

Gu Yuan saw Xiao Yan, and now he appeared alive again, slapped Xiao Yan on the shoulder and laughed, but it did not cause any energy ripples!

In less than a month, Xiao Yan not only crawled back from the brink of death, but his strength has never been the same!

"I came here to accompany you to the Holy City of the Holy See."

Xiao Yan did not shy away and said directly.

"Let's go, Endless Fire Territory Lord, enough to have this ability."

As soon as the words fell, a group of strong men marched in the air, facing the Holy City of the Holy See.

"Strange... This Soul Clan Patriarch seems a little weird?" While moving along the way, the clan lines in Xiao Yan's body exuded a faint aura of disgust, but now that the war is imminent, he didn't pay attention immediately.

The Holy See is the messenger sent by the kingdom of angels to the world.

To a certain extent, the strength of the Holy See on the Dou Di Continent has surpassed countless forces. They have overcome the hardships of the world, obtained angel wings, and cultivated their power much faster than normal humans.

Their so-called beliefs do not allow anyone to blaspheme!

But it is precisely because of all these things that the Holy See has become the public enemy of countless forces on the Dou Di Continent.

The Holy See Holy City is located on a rather mysterious holy mountain in Douyun Continent. The Holy City is full of energy from heaven and earth, and there are tens of thousands of Holy See attendants. They are all the most loyal fanatics of the Holy See, and they are also among the Holy See. The most loyal servant, he swears to follow all the orders of the Holy See without complaining, as if he had been brainwashed.

"Whoosh..."

"It's really grand."

Xiao Yan, the patriarchs of the seven ancient clans came to the foot of the holy city mountain one after another, looked up at this magnificent building built in the holy mountain, and a sense of insignificance emerged spontaneously.

Above the holy mountain, the light halo is extremely tyrannical, and it vaguely decorates the holy city with extra splendor and sacredness!

"All power has been ambushed around the holy city, and the elders are hiding in the void."

"Everything went according to plan."

The Soul Clan Patriarch looked at the huge building at the end of his line of sight and whispered softly.

"In that case, let's go."

"Let's see what medicine is being sold in this Vatican gourd."

Gu Yuan took a step forward and moved gently on the mountain road where people came and went.

"go."

Everyone looked at each other, so they followed.

The Holy City Mountain Peak Avenue is extremely wide, but the white wind chimes are hung around the avenue, which is extremely holy, as if it was specially prepared by the Holy See to suppress ominousness and guard against evil forces.

"The monks of the Holy See, the remaining believers, including the reconstituted jury and the jury, are gathered together."

"What a big battle."

When Xiao Yan looked around, he could see the uniformed guards of the Holy See, with dignified and solemn expressions, directly from the foot of the holy city to the holy city at the top of the holy mountain. The scale was astonishing.

"The holy mountain is said to be a sacred place after being bathed in endless rays of light, and the holy city was built on the ground."

"At the top of the holy city, there is a prosperous city. The people who live there are those who have made contributions in the Holy See, and after the holy city, the high-rises in the Holy See live."

"There is a solemn and sacred altar in the holy city, and every public trial of the Holy See will be held there."

"Once a heresy is judged by the Holy See, no one has escaped the judgment since ancient times."

While talking, the group walked towards the holy city altar.

"Dong Dong Dong!"

After stepping through the avenues at the foot of the mountain, he entered the holy city smoothly.

This is a bustling city, with a variety of commodity styles emerging in an endless stream, but at any time, it seems unusually peaceful here.

There are no disputes, no fights, it is like a perfect place that cannot exist, which is desirable.

"A city without disputes, without fighting..."

There was a hint of yearning in the beautiful eyes of the patriarch of the spiritual clan, and facing such a place, he actually felt an indescribable peace of mind.

"This is the unique power of the Holy See, and the light system is gentle, but these guys may have completely become their slaves and can no longer be called human beings."

Gu Yuan shook his head.

Is a world without disputes, troubles, and fights really good?

Humans are omniscient with all kinds of emotions and six desires. If even these basic behaviors are lost, then there is no difference from a real walking dead.

In the streets of the holy city, in addition to the original residents, guards in white clothes are strictly inspecting from beginning to end. This level of strictness is heart-pounding.

"That guy, is the so-called Xiao Yan..."

On the top of a beautiful bell tower in the holy city in the distance, a man with a noble figure appeared here. His eyes were bright and he looked at the position where Xiao Yan was standing, and his eyes directly ignored the many noisy voices It was mapped onto Xiao Yan without a trace, and even with a touch of curiosity, he tried to investigate!

"Shhhhh."

Xiao Yan had no fear, a rare black magic light flashed in his eyes, and they confronted each other and instantly disintegrated their intentions!

"Hoohoho!"

The two looked at each other like this, and a bell like thunder exploded, accompanied by a sacred aura, released from the beautiful clock tower!

"A golden dragon nurtured by the divine breath..."

The devilish glow in Xiao Yan's eyes faded, and he immediately walked towards the holy city altar without looking back.

Today's self, whether it is the power of the devil, or the power of thunder, wood, etc., has already reached the level of perfection, but it is not comparable to the original self.

So far, the final battle of the Dou Di Continent has slowly opened a new chapter.

txt download address:

phone-reading: