Chapter Vol 4 1458: The strong gather! (Down)

As the test time is getting closer, the forces of all parties are also restless.

To the north of Sifang City, the people living here are the most powerful Beizhou forces on the four continents. The forces on Beizhou are mixed, but there are only a few who can really be called overlords. It can be said that he is the true overlord of the entire Yinhuntian.

Ghost Valley.

This is a force that has been broken into mystery. It is said that its first-generation head was founded by a strong man who cultivated dark attributes above Li Soul Realm. Therefore, in this force, most of the people who practiced are strong men with dark attributes. .

Darkness attribute, this is a rather strange attribute, with a strange and treacherous nature, even in the great world, there are very few, but the dark attribute is also extremely mysterious, it is better to hide the figure, and at the same time has a very tyrannical The destructive power of , as for the more mysterious nature, no one knows, and the dark attribute believes in the Lord of Darkness and Hades from the dark plane.

Although the legend about the Lord of Darkness and Pluto has always been just a legend, and no one has ever confirmed it, but according to rumors, the Pluto and the Lord of Darkness do not seem to be the same person. The two of them seem to be the supreme of the Darkness. The strength of the two is undoubtedly the same as that of the Soul Eater Lord. As for the true and false, it is unknown.

"Master..." In the dark environment, a pair of waves flashing with a strange luster slowly emerged from a quaint wooden door.

"Tian Jue, you are here." Hearing such a delicate voice, in the darkness, a looming old figure turned slightly. This seemingly simple movement gave the latter an extremely tyrannical oppression. Obviously this An old figure with decent strength.

"I don't know what the master is looking for from me?" The next moment, the young man asked slowly.

"We, Ghost Shadow Valley, have not had any disciples who can enter Li Soul Territory several times, so this time, we can't be on the list."

"And there was a strong prophecy in the valley that only after entering the Li Soul Realm can one find the passage to the underworld..."

"And once the passage to the underworld is found... I am afraid that I, Ghost Shadow Valley, will be enough to step into the peak of the seven worlds!" Suddenly, the old man couldn't help showing a frenzy.

"Do you have a chance to find the entrance to the underworld when you enter Li Soul Realm..." Tian Jue frowned when he heard the words, and then muttered to himself.

The location of the underworld is extremely mysterious. Even in the great world, few people know it, but the underworld rules the darkness and countless undead creatures, so it is also an extremely tyrannical area in the great world, and they ghosts Shadow Valley has inherited a lot of dark power. If it can set foot in the underworld, I am afraid that it will gain even greater power.

"Master, I will work **** this matter... If someone blocks it, I will kill it." Tian Jue said coldly, his voice full of pride, it is obvious that this guy's strength has reached the perfect level of Samsung Dou Xian. level!

"Go on, after the rules of the competition are announced tomorrow, it will be the real highlight." The voice sounded, and suddenly the dark room slowly returned to calm.

"Pluto...Where are you? As your devout people, we must let me find the entrance to the underworld." At the last moment, the strange power of darkness also emerged.

Wansoul Palace.

At this time, on a quiet back mountain, two young disciples slowly appeared here.

The two young disciples have a strong demeanor like Ling Ran's righteousness, which is obviously the meaning of heroes, but this Wanshun Palace's style is also quite legitimate, and is respected by many strong people in Yinhuntian.

"Junior Brother, the Four Continents Competition is about to begin." The slightly older man glanced at the endless meteor night sky in mid-air, and sighed with emotion, his voice filled with a hint of coolness.

"Competitions in four continents, naturally there are winners and losers, it's normal."

"But why is the senior brother sighing?" Another disciple asked suspiciously.

"The four continents competition, every time it is a big fight, blood is flowing into the river, if it is possible, I would rather not participate in this competition."

"Remember the last time, our Wansoul Palace was competing with Ghost Shadow Valley for the only place. The last two brothers died together. The price was too huge." The older disciple recalled slowly.

"Let's go with the flow, didn't the master say that life and death are destiny, wealth and honor are in heaven, senior brother doesn't need to care." The little disciple seemed a little confused and comforted.

"Then I wish our sect a victory this time!" After speaking, the two of them also laughed. The strength of the two of them turned out to be in the ranks of the late Samsung Fighting Immortals and Consummation.

Soul Beast Alliance.

"Father, I won't let you worry about this time the four continents test."

"With your newly cultivated special soul beast, it can be said that it is unmatched when combined with the child's current strength." In a luxurious room, a middle-aged man and a rather young man two People sat in it slowly, and the two men were arrogant and wealthy.

The Soul Beast Alliance is also well-known in the entire Yin Soul Heaven, because they are responsible for cultivating and raising soul beasts, and thus using the soul beasts as weapons, it can be said to be powerful and unmatched.

"The strength of the newly cultivated soul beasts is good, but it should not be taken lightly. This time the Four Continents test, you must go all out. Only when you enter the Li Soul Realm can I rest assured." The middle-aged man said slightly, obviously even if The wealthy soul beast alliance is also very important for the four continents competition. After all, this is a big change in the ranking of the entire Yinhuntian power, so it is not unimportant.

"Yes...father." After speaking, the two of them also laughed. Now the newly cultivated soul beasts from their soul beast alliance are combined with the special existence of a trace of dragon blood, and dragons are also in the soul beasts. The status of hegemony, coupled with the complete strength of its three-star fighting immortals, is naturally confident in the competition.

At this time, in the most remote forest overgrown with trees in the northern part of Sifang City, several figures slowly emerged here.

In the forest, dozens of pale figures stood, as if they were not human, and in the center of those figures, there was a strange cyan sedan chair. silhouette.

"Sir, a letter from the headquarters." The next moment, a pitch-black ghostly energy emerged, and then turned into a blurred figure and appeared beside the sedan chair.

"The sect master asked you to cooperate with the people of the Hidden Soul Society this time to capture a guy named Xiao Yan on Dongzhou." There was a gloomy smile in the black air, and after finishing speaking, a silver scroll floated directly to him. When he left, Xiao Yan's information was recorded on it.

"A guy in the early stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortal... is it worth letting my dignified Three Star Fighting Immortal complete powerhouse take action?"

"Are the Sect Master and the guys from the Hidden Soul Society all rice buckets?" The living dead just glanced at him, and after discovering the details of the strength above the scroll, he couldn't help but feel a wave of disgust on his pale face.

"The sect master said that this person is no trivial matter must not be taken lightly." After the black qi finished speaking, it disappeared instantly.

"The Great Seed... Soul Power... It seems that this guy is also interesting."

"Let's go." As soon as the voice fell, the eyes of the living dead were wriggling, and he immediately saw some details of Xiao Yan, so the dozens of puppets around him were wriggling, and immediately lifted them up and faced a certain place. go.

And the strength of this guy is not only the perfect Samsung Dou Xian, but also the real genius in the notorious Thousand Puppet Ghost Sect in the entire Northern Continent. He is the aboriginal inhabitant of the ghost world. There is a deep resentment, so it is also privately, doing some things that people and gods are angry with.

In addition, there are still many forces involved, but only the above forces are the real backbone of this four continents competition.

Until this time, the entire Tianming Villa has become completely popular.

Dear, click in and give a good review. The higher the score, the faster the update. It is said that those who give full marks to the new ones have finally found a beautiful wife!

The new version of the mobile station upgrades the address: , data and bookmarks are synchronized with the computer station, no ads and fresh reading!