Chapter 576: Fall?

"This is..." Following the rapidly changing scene of the battle, Xiao Yan's pupils also trembled violently!

Even the twenty-three kinds of strange fires that had been devoured and refined by Xiao Yan in the body gave off a strange feeling. That feeling seemed to resonate very weakly with the power of the holy flame in front of him. In the deepest part, Fen Jue, an extremely greedy smell, seems to be quite greedy for the power of this khaki holy flame.

"Is this the source of holy flame..." Xiao Yan stared at the huge stone hand in the sky with the power of khaki holy flame as the core and composed of countless rocks, and opened his mouth slightly.

The shock that came to an abrupt end slowly impacted Xiao Yan, and under the power of the holy flame, the terrifying gravity was also pressing down on Shan Yao and the others.

"Humph!" Seeing the snake torture, the human figure changed instantly. In a short time, it turned into a three-headed water snake. The huge body was blocked in front of the two of Shanyao. Only then did the two of them escape this terrifying coercion!

"Boom boom boom!" Above the sky, the khaki-yellow holy flame's power continuously condenses the rocks, and each time the holy flame condenses a rock, the aura is a bit stronger!

"Bastard!" At this moment, the left guard of the Gorefiend couldn't care about anything else, and immediately raised his mind, fled directly, and was directly hit by the soul power of Mad Wood Immortal Master!

A trace of coquettish blood flowed down from the body of the Gorefiend Zuowei, which looked extraordinarily eerie and gloomy!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Susu...you forced me!" Gorefiend Zuowei shouted angrily at the power of holy flame above the sky, and then a decisive color flashed in the blood-red pupils, regardless of the injury. Immortal Master Madwood, who was about to disappear slowly, burst out instantly with the blood demon energy entangled in him!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying blood demon energy just spread out, and a ferocious aura suddenly filled this space!

"Blood Demon Qi!" Immortal Master Madwood said in shock at the weakened and dimmed soul body.

"What is blood demon energy?" Xiao Yan condensed slightly, obviously he had found an extremely fearful aura from the blood-red blood demon energy!

"Gorefiend Qi is a method similar to fighting qi used by this Gorefiend Left Guard... It's just that Blood Demon Qi comes out, and there is even more terrifying Gorefiend Gold Qi. Inside, the strongest attack, it should be the strongest attack method of this Gorefiend Left Guard!" Long Yi said solemnly.

"It's really a terrifying method!" Xiao Yan's back was slightly cold.

The next moment, Xiao Yan's pupils suddenly saw Shan Ling, Shan Ling's legs trembled involuntarily, obviously even with the resistance of the three-headed water spirit snake, she was still a little scared.

"Wait, it doesn't seem right." Just when Xiao Yan was about to turn around, he suddenly realized that something was wrong with Shan Ling!

Because at this time Shan Ling, under the protection of the huge body of the snake torture, neither the power of holy flame nor the evil blood demon energy can penetrate.

Shan Ling's pupils stared at the bleak figure Mad Wood Immortal Master, and then tears kept swirling in her eyes.

"Ugh……"

"Help me if I can help you in a while..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help sighing slightly.

"Be careful, this rock-shattering burial and blood demon energy are about to attack..." Long Yi suddenly said.

"Master, retreat!" With a cold snort, he directly pulled back the soul body of Immortal Madwood, whose figure had already dimmed.

"Susu...you all have to die!" A strange voice suddenly sounded from the sky, and then an extremely evil blood-red blood mist appeared in the sky!

This blood fog is different from the previous ones. If the previous blood fog was to protect the Gorefiend Left Guard, then the current Gorefiend Qi and Blood Fog is the result of the Gorefiend Left Guard's life-long strength condensed!

If the average person is infected with a little bit at will, I am afraid that they will die immediately!

Even if it is the powerhouse of the Dou Di Peak that is infected, if the mind is not enough, I am afraid that it will be assimilated into the same kind of Gorefiend!

"Gorefiend Left Guard, today, you should return to this place!" A dignified expression appeared on Yan Junxiu's face, and immediately above the sky, the power of holy flame that opposed the blood demon qi and blood mist had also swelled to the point where The limit seems to explode at any time!

"Susu!"

"Yan, we have been old opponents for so many years, let me experience the taste of your holy flame." After speaking, in the blood mist formed by the blood demon energy, an evil and monstrous aura broke out instantly, and then directly confronted Attacking away with the power of the holy flame, looking like this, he wanted to seize the opportunity and devour the power of the holy flame!

"Humph!"

"Is the power of holy flame also accessible to you evil people?"

"This time, let this Gorefiend firmly remember our strength..."

"Break it out, Rock Shattered Celestial Burial!" After Yan finished speaking, khaki flames flickered all over his body, and the flames exuded a scorching aura that burned everything.

"Boom boom boom!" It seems that the order has been received. In the sky, the power of the khaki holy flame that has been wrapped by countless rocks, the next moment will form those rocks into a huge palm, and then directly face the blood demon Blood mist shot away!

"Bang bang bang!" The rock palm and the blood demon qi and blood mist just touched each other, and a scorching khaki and an extremely evil blood-red blood demon qi were extremely jealous as if the enemy met, and they held on to it. !

"Shabu!" The power of holy flame has a natural restraint against evil races outside the realm, so within a few breaths, the blood demon qi and blood mist retreated directly, and there was no choice to confront the power of holy flame head-on, because the blood demon qi In the blood mist, although the Gorefiend Left Guard has turned into a pool of blood, after all, his consciousness is still there, so he can still control this Gorefiend Qi and Blood Fog!

"damn it!"

"This holy flame power is under the protection of these rocks, and it has been slow to reach the core holy flame power. This is troublesome." There was a sense of consciousness in the blood mist.

"It's over!" Yan also discovered that in the blood fog of blood demon energy, the consciousness of the blood demon left guard kept controlling the blood fog, avoiding many deadly attacks, and immediately opened his mouth slightly!

As the sound of the rock fell, in the topmost layer of the desert mountain range, countless flying sand and stones, and the khaki-yellow rocks contaminated by the power of the holy flame all flew towards the giant hand of the holy flame rock above the sky to varying degrees. !

And with such a terrifying increase, the rock surrounding the power of holy flame suddenly exploded, and a terrifying aura similar to the power of holy flame suddenly filled the top of the entire desert mountain range!

"go to hell!"

"Gravel..."

"Heavenly Burial!" Zaidu suddenly sounded from the mouth of the rock with the majesty of the strongest. This voice is like the overlord of heaven and earth sanctioning the wrong human beings, cold-blooded and ruthless!

"The mistakes of letting go thousands of years ago must be successful this time." Immortal Master Madwood looked weakly at the **** mist of blood demon that was shrinking rapidly in front of him, and couldn't help but open his mouth slightly!

"Ah ah ah!" Above the Gorefiend's qi and blood mist, the miserable voice of the Gorefiend Left Guard kept coming from the blood mist, and then the blood mist became smaller and smaller, as if it could be destroyed at any time!

Ask for tickets!