Chapter Vol 4 1575: Crystal Primordial Beast!

"Boom!" At the moment when Qi Ziwen opened his mouth, the originally clear water in the river suddenly became turbid, and all of a sudden, huge bubbles suddenly emerged from the bottom of the river, and even after the bubbles disappeared, A stench of bones filled the air.

"Crash!" After a sound, several dozen meters of water splashed in the river, and suddenly a behemoth suddenly emerged.

"Do it!" Xiao Yan sweated like rain, and then his figure quickly retreated, and the aura in his body looked extremely weak.

It was Xiao Yan's little trick that he became extremely weak after drawing out this guy. After all, the four middle stage four-star fighting immortals here are naturally the best thugs to deal with this soul beast. Free labor is unnecessary.

"Crash!" The water splash slowly disappeared, and the whole picture of this soul beast emerged in everyone's sight.

"Crystal Primordial Beast?" Among the four, the only quiet man said in surprise.

This guy is Kong An of the Ice and Fire Mansion, with the combination of ice and water attributes, his combat power is extremely tyrannical.

"Good guy!"

"It's actually a soul beast that is enough to match the late stage of the enemy's Four-Star Fighting Immortal."

"Let's do it together!" Seeing Xiao Yan lead out this guy, Song Lanfeng glanced at him and found that Xiao Yan's breath was weak. Regardless of whether it was true or not, he directly greeted the four of them to attack him. It has lost its value, and the Acacia tree will also become their palm.

Crystal Primordial Beast, this is a kind of soul beast, but unfortunately it is a mutated soul beast. Its existence is extremely special. Usually, it turns into tiny grains of sand that are invisible to the naked eye and hides on the surface of the river. It only manifests when it is burned by powerful soul power and flames, and it likes to devour human corpses and blood most in its life.

The soul beast under the main body is like a piece of prismatic crystal, flashing with dazzling rays of light, and its body is like a crystal with uneven layers, and its appearance is rather strange.

"Hoohoo!" A loud shout emerged from the prism-shaped crystal block of the Crystal Primordial Beast. It was obviously extremely angry. How could it think that its disguise was actually broken by Xiao Yan? You must know that it was relying on its disguise to stay in the river. Devoured many human powerhouses and increased a lot of strength.

"Crash!"

"Ice Fire Knife!"

"Soul Heaven Hand!"

"Blood Flame Heaven Finger!"

"Meteor Fist!" When the four of them saw this, this guy actually wanted to attack Xiao Yan, and they didn't give any chance. The dazzling fighting qi all over his body suddenly soared. Looking at this battle, it is astonishing to want to completely obliterate it.

"The four powerhouses are indeed well-deserved." While recovering his fighting spirit, Xiao Yan carefully stared at these four guys and the crystal primordial beast, and found that the four powerhouses dealt with the crystal primordial beast quite easily.

"Wow!" As soon as the four powerhouses in the middle stage of the Four-Star Fighting Immortal made their move, a terrifying ultimate move emerged, but even so, the Crystal Primordial Beast did not take it for granted. Its attack was defused.

"This beast has a strong defensive power." After a short while, Song Lanfeng said with a wrinkled eyes. Her tyrannical soul power knew that the attack by the four just now did not seem to have caused any substantial damage to it.

"The attack of soul power and fire power can defeat it!"

"Only by defeating it can we cross the river." In an instant, Xiao Yan snorted coldly in the distance.

"Damn boy!" Qi Ziwen roared at Xiao Yan angrily when he heard the words.

Among the four, only he possessed the hottest fire attribute and Song Lanfeng's soul power, but if too much power was wasted on this crystal primordial beast, it might affect their competition for the acacia tree.

"Do it!" Song Lanfeng didn't care about anything else, the soul power in his body roared out like a tide, and then directly attacked the crystal primordial beast.

"Fire!" Although Qi Ziwen resented Xiao Yan, but at this time, he could only join forces to make a shot, but the remaining three stood quietly by the side.

"Is this pink light group perched on the acacia tree..." Taking a glance at the three in the battle, Xiao Yan realized that their victory was only a matter of time, and immediately turned his eyes to the pink light group above the island. go.

The pink light group, about a few meters in size, exudes an extremely terrifying power of lovesickness, even Xiao Yan's heart palpitations, and the other four are also extremely uncomfortable.

"Long Long!" After a while, the Crystal Primordial Devouring Beast also retreated steadily under the cooperation of Song Lanfeng and Qi Ziwen, and there were faint signs of collapse.

"Kill it, don't let it escape back into the river, otherwise it will be extremely difficult to draw it out." After a while, the crystal primordial beast also knew that the strength of these people in front of them was far from being able to handle it, so The body swayed, whistling directly towards the river.

"Where to run!"

"Heavenly Soul Sound!" Seeing this, Song Lanfeng slowly closed his beautiful eyes. Immediately, the incomparably tyrannical soul force actually turned into a wave of energy sound from his body, and attacked the Crystal Primordial Beast directly.

This soul sound intertwined with soul power seems to contain some strange power. It just emerged, and the body of the Crystal Primordial Devourer suddenly becomes sluggish.

"Crash!" Terrified by such a bright sound, the crystals on the Crystal Primordial Beast suddenly became dull, the breath became extremely weak, and the speed became slower.

"Rain of Fire!" Seeing this, Qi Ziwen's whole body was covered in dazzling flames, so it turned into a surging shower of flames, directly closing the retreat of the crystal.

"Gulugulu!" Until now, the crystal primordial beast seemed to have a sense of fear, and then the light was dimmed. After a while, it shrank into a palm-sized prism, which was obviously rounded.

"Hoohoo."

"Now there shouldn't be any problem." Looking at the gorgeous prismatic crystal block, Qi Ziwen snorted coldly, and looked at the pink light group.

Without the obstruction of this strange river, the acacia tree is at your fingertips!

"Everyone, the strange river has been resolved, and it's up to you to decide who the acacia tree will fall." As soon as he finished speaking, he didn't care to pack up the chips. Qi Ziwen took the lead, his body squirmed like a ghost, directly across the river, facing the away from the island in the center.

"not good!"

"Follow!" When the other three saw this, their speed skyrocketed and they headed towards the island at the same time.

"Strange, there seems to be something wrong..." But Xiao Yan was not as flippant as the four of them. He slowly held the gorgeous chip in his hand, and a trace of gentle power continued to emerge from it, but this trace The power of silk actually subtly dissolved the power of lovesickness in Xiao Yan's body!

Even in the end, when the four of them walked towards the pink light group one after another, an indescribable heavy feeling suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's heart. This heavy feeling seemed to emerge from the pink light group. out!