Chapter Vol 4 1263: Closing!

With Xiao Yan coming out of the holy flame space, the audience was silent, because everyone present couldn't believe it.

A guy in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian, no matter how perverted he is, he can't kill a three-star Dou Xian complete powerhouse!

"Xiao Yan?"

"That's great!" When he realized that Xiao Yan was coming out of the Holy Flame Space, the Rain Sect Great Elder Rain Curtain couldn't help but burst into a surprise. Although he was also full of doubts, his intuition told him that the three-star The guy who has completed the battle of immortals has indeed lost his breath.

"What about the yin protector?" Yu Tianyue asked first, obviously he already had a guess in his heart, but he couldn't help but ask.

"Accidentally beaten to death." Xiao Yan just came out, clapped his palms, and said slowly in a very flat tone, as if he was telling a very easy thing.

Listening to Xiao Yan's words, Ye Ku originally looked like he didn't believe it. After all, a powerhouse in the early stage of two-star Dou Xian wanted to obliterate a powerhouse with a complete three-star Dou Xian.

"Zhai... Zhaizhu!" The next moment, Ye Shuang's face changed greatly after hearing Xiao Yan's words.

"Tell me!" Ye Ku snorted coldly, not knowing why Ye Shuang stopped himself at this juncture.

"Yin... The soul card given to us by the Yin Protector... is completely broken!" Ye Shuang didn't dare to hide anything, and said directly.

"What?" Ye Ku heard the words, he originally didn't believe that Xiao Yan had wiped out the yin guardian law, but now he was convinced!

The one who destroyed the space formation at the beginning was the guardian of the shadows. When destroying the formation of space, the guardian of the shadows gained a lot of benefits. In order to repay them, they gave them a soul card of their own. This soul card can be summoned once at any time. , and the most important thing is to record the life and death of the Yin Protector.

And now that the soul card is completely broken, it also means that what Xiao Yan said is not a rumor!

"Ah ah ah!"

"Xiao Yan's little bastard!"

"I'm going to kill you!" Ye Ku suddenly seemed to be insane, and then his figure quickly ghosted and shot at Xiao Yan.

"It's so strong!" Although Xiao Yan said that he had wiped out the Yin Protector, but in the Holy Flame Dimension and he had used all his means, it was naturally difficult to deal with if he didn't use many means now. , still has a qualitative leap.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Hahaha."

"Xiao Yan's little friend is really a noble of our Yuzong." Yu Tianyue laughed loudly, and then with Yan Ya, their palms swelled strangely, and with a tyrannical wave, they swept away directly at Ye Ku.

"Pfft!" The mad Ye Ku seemed to have only Xiao Yan in his eyes. He ignored Yu Tianyue's attack and Yanya's attack, and his breath went down!

"Master Zhai, let's go!" Seeing this, Ye Shuang took the remaining three of them directly, turned into a stream of light, and disappeared into the space of the formation.

"Don't chase, Ye Ku was hit by our attack and was already seriously injured. Ku Ye Zhai made the wrong move this time, and it was already a game of ruin." Yu Tianyue laughed.

"Let's go, let's go out first." Yu Tianyue was very polite to Xiao Yan, and left the formation space with the group.

However, the people present were looking at Xiao Yan with a look that was almost like a monster!

In this world, the weak and the strong prey on the weak, no matter what means Xiao Yan uses, this has truly wiped out a three-star Dou Xian perfect powerhouse. Such strength will undoubtedly make them respected!

"Aiya... Daddy, they have been in the formation space for two months, why haven't they come out yet!"

"There is such a strong power of space in that formation space, if you are not careful, something will happen..." In the bamboo forest in Yuzong's backyard, this is the entrance to the formation space for Xiao Yan and the others, and the exit is also here. Yuwei and Yu Ran Ran are standing here, but Yu Ran Ran is quite calm, while Yu Wei is walking back and forth outside the bamboo forest, very uneasy.

"Wei'er, I said why are you in such a hurry?"

"Could it be someone you liked?" There were only two sisters in the courtyard, and Yu Ran Ran naturally walked into Yu Wei's side and told some little secrets that only belonged to them.

"sister!"

"Don't talk nonsense!"

"I'm just worried about Daddy and the Great Elder... After all, the restoration of the space formation this time is not only related to the economic lifeline of our family, but also to the ratio of whether we can go to Dongzhou to participate in Dongzhou." Yuwei Xiao He pouted and defended.

"Xing Xing Xing, I can't tell you." Yu Ran Ran said with a smile, but the little Jiujiu in Yu Wei's heart was naturally seen through by her.

"Sister, what kind of person do you think that Xiao Yan is... so powerful..." The next moment, Yu Wei glanced around and found that there was no one else, so she whispered, apparently the one that was originally in the Soul Broken Cave This incident made Yuwei deeply impressed by Xiao Yan.

"This guy seems to be the elder Keqing of the Qing family in the ghost king city..."

"But to be honest, if it's a one-on-one situation, I'm afraid I'm not his opponent." Yu Ran Ran said seriously.

Everyone in the ghost world has his identity. If he doesn't have an identity, he will undoubtedly be noticed by the ghost world. And Xiao Yan's identity is naturally the responsibility of the Qing family's patriarch, even Xiao Yan himself. Do not know at all.

"Weng buzzing!" At the moment when the two women were talking, the space passage in the bamboo forest in front of them suddenly trembled.

"Daddy, they're back!" Yuwei exclaimed, looking at the silver space gate with her eyes glowing.

"Hey, little friend Xiao Yan, thank you very much for this trip." Before the figure appeared, Yu Tianyue's laughter was the first to emerge from the silver space gateSect Master Yu is polite , in the following is just a little effort. "Xiao Yan laughed.

"Pfft!" Immediately, everyone from Yuzong who entered the space formation appeared in the bamboo forest intact, but at this time, the aura of those two-star fighting immortals was extremely weak, and Xiao Yan and Yumu also had some signs on them. Visible scars.

"Daddy, what's the matter with you?" Seeing this, Yu Wei ran directly over, supporting Yu Tianyue's arm, and then looked around, for fear of missing the inspection.

"Father... Did the people from Kuyezhai still do it?" Yu Ran Ran naturally guessed something, although his father never wanted them to get involved in this matter.

"This is Yanya City Lord Yanya. The repair of this line of formations depends entirely on Yanya City Lord and little friend Xiao Yan."

"Come here, take them down to rest, and treat guests with the highest way of my Yuzong."

"Anything that violates the two of them will be dealt with according to the sect rules!" Yu Tianyue laughed.

"Hey, since that's the case, then I won't disturb Sect Master Yu." Yanya finished speaking and went down slowly.

"Junior is also respectful rather than obedient, so I will take a few days' rest from the Rain Sect. After the space formation is stabilized, I also need to go to Dongzhou immediately." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"That's natural."

"Hahaha." Yu Tianyue laughed.

As soon as she finished speaking, Yuwei immediately took Xiao Yan to rest.

And tonight, I am afraid it will be a restless night for Ye Cheng.