Chapter 385: Old Bamboo was furious!

"Damn boy!"

"I miscalculated this time..." In the Nine Fishes Playing the Dragon Array, the man in black also put on a cloak to cover his appearance, and then said.

Because even the man in black never thought that this Xiao Yan could be calm at such a moment!

If it were an ordinary person, maybe ten lives would not be enough to die.

"But this Xiao Yan knows that I have the ghost spirit of the ghost world in me. I don't know if this will be a big trouble... Also, why is this Xiao Yan able to destroy my skull with the power of the four-star Dou Emperor Consummation..."

"There must be something weird on him!"

"The holy flame on Mu Yingying's body won't let go so easily..."

"It's really the one who killed the twin ghost emperors..." The man in black also murmured, and then he sat on the ground without hesitation.

Obviously, Xiao Yan just destroyed his skull, which caused him a lot of damage.

"Cough, cough..." Inside the space passage, Xiao Yan also limped towards the exit!

This eight-star Dou Di Perfection level powerhouse does not put a little bit of pressure on him. Thanks to the mysterious power of the Soul Eater Talisman, plus the arrogance of this man in black, he did not use all his strength from the beginning. Xiao Yan escaped the catastrophe, otherwise, Xiao Yan could only use the clan markings belonging to the Xiao clan...

It's just that Xiao Yan also believes that once this clan mark is used, it will surely disturb many strong people, and the matter is not so serious.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Cough, cough..." Xiao Yan also limped to the space teleportation formation in the passage.

Then the next moment, Long Yi, who was above the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire, slowly exuded a force, activating the space teleportation formation.

"Don't worry, the next time I meet the enshrinement of the Xuanling royal family, it will definitely make him unable to eat!" After Long Yi finished speaking, he was also submerged on the ancient ruler of the different fire. At this time, the space teleportation formation was also activated. Get up, and then slowly teleport Xiao Yan back!

"Master..."

"That's..." Outside the underground palace at this time, Mu Feng also found a beautiful figure, and he was immediately happy.

"What's the matter!" The next moment, the slightly lazy Zhu Lao also suddenly moved like a ghost, and the next moment, he also came to the side of the beautiful shadow.

"Save..."

"Save Xiao Yan..." Mu Yingying also took her last breath, and said that the perfect eyes were also closed instantly, and then she fell weakly to the ground.

Zhu Lao was also quick-witted, and took Mu Yingying over instantly, and then found that Mu Yingying was covered with scars of varying degrees at this time, and an extremely gentle force immediately emerged to nourish Mu Yingying, and then confronted the man behind him. Mu Feng said: "Take care of her!"

After Elder Zhu finished speaking, his entire body suddenly exuded aura, and an aura mixed with anger also erupted at the exit of the underground palace!

The next moment, Zhu Lao also walked towards the exit of the underground palace, trying to enter the underground palace to find Xiao Yan!

Mu Yingying, the five-star Dou Emperor's mid-term strength, was so seriously injured, I'm afraid Xiao Yan, I'm the most fortunate!

"Sir, please calm down, maybe it's not like that." At the entrance of the underground palace, the officer with the tiger's head carved on his shoulder also stepped forward and said respectfully to Elder Zhu.

I don't know why this big man made trouble at the exit of this underground palace!

This big man, even someone like them knows it all!

Back then, he used his own power to fight their entire dragon-loving army!

Not to mention the Tiger Tooth Legion, which is even weaker than the Dragon-loving Legion!

"Humph!"

"What more explanation is needed?"

"My disciples of Burning Incense Pavilion have this kind of thing on your Xuanling royal family's territory, what else is there to say?" Elder Zhu also said angrily.

The next moment, he didn't hesitate, and then his breath suddenly soared, heading towards the exit of the underground palace!

"Sir, you are trespassing into the forbidden area of ​​our Xuanling royal family without authorization. Logically, we have..." The legion with the tiger's head depicted also said.

Elder Zhu also shouted angrily and ignored these people at all, then turned into a ghost, and headed for the exit of the underground palace!

"Someone broke into the forbidden area of ​​the underground palace, form an array!" The officer with the tiger's head also shouted loudly!

Although I know that even if we condense all the human and material resources here, I am afraid that it will not be able to stop this old bamboo, but the duty of a soldier is to obey orders!

Even if they let them die, there is no complaint at all!

This is the soldier!

"Go away!" Zhu Lao snorted coldly, and then the soldiers were instantly knocked down by Zhu Lao's terrifying sound wave, leaving Zhu Lao hurriedly roaring towards the underground palace!

"Xiao Yan, you can't be in trouble!"

"It's hard to find someone who can inherit my mantle!" Elder Zhu also rushed into the underground palace in an instant, and then murmured in his mouth!

"Let's pass on the royal family!"

"Someone broke into the forbidden area!" The fallen soldiers also shook their heads helplessly, and then a flying eagle appeared instantly and flew towards the Xuanling royal family!

Inside the underground palace, Xiao Yan also left the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation, and then came to the outside of the space teleportation formation on the first floor of the underground palace.

"Strange, this is obviously the first floor of the underground palace, but why is there no way to go down?" Xiao Yan also showed his perception, then glanced at the space here in a murmur, and said.

"Forget it, let's go back first." Shaking his head helplessly, Xiao Yan also walked towards the exit.

With his current appearance, he is indeed a little embarrassed, and his breath fluctuates.

"Hehe, who am I?"

"So it's Zhu Jin, you old fellow." Just as Zhu Lao Ma was about to step into the underground palace, a hearty voice slowly came out Get out of the way! "Old Zhu also snorted coldly, and didn't stop half a step because of the sound.

"Why let it go?"

"This is the territory of our Xuanling royal family, Zhu Jin, it's too presumptuous for you to prohibit yourself like this." That voice also emerged slowly.

What appeared in front of Mu Feng was an old man with a thin and sallow face. The old man had white hair and was obviously quite old, but on the gray clothes, a terrifying fluctuation was also faintly exuding!

"With such fluctuations, it is definitely a powerhouse above the eight-star Dou Emperor level!" Mu Feng's heart was also extremely shocked!

This eight-star Dou Emperor level powerhouse, no matter if it is placed in any sect power in Xuantian Santian, is regarded as an existence like a guest!

"Since it happened on the territory of my Xuanling royal family, then we will definitely give you an explanation!"

"However, this Xuanling Emperor Pond is very dangerous. I believe you are also aware that your disciple in the pavilion may have been injured by the mysterious creatures of the Xuanling Emperor Pond." The old man in gray also said indifferently.

"Are you courting death?" Before the old man in gray had finished speaking, a powerful aura that destroyed the sky and the earth suddenly radiated from the old man Zhu!

With the breath of Old Bamboo emanating, the sky that was originally clear sky suddenly became gloomy, and dark clouds and thunder and lightning also filled the entire sky in an instant!

At this moment, the world is moved by it!

Ask for tickets!