Chapter Vol 4 1637: Shock the strong enemy!

"Boom!" The overwhelming seven-color luster and black thunder, like a master, descended on this world, and suddenly this world was filled with an extremely strong unease.

"Teacher...it's great that you're fine." At the same time, the beautiful figure standing on the edge of the void, with her beautiful eyes closed slightly, said contentedly.

This lonely figure is a real powerhouse of Soul Eater, Hao Ni'er.

As the disciple of the Soul Eater, Hao Ni'er naturally sensed the specific location of the Soul Eater through some subtle aura, so he did not hesitate to spend a lot of power to travel across the void and come to receive him, but fortunately, all this , are all worth it.

"Hao Ni'er, you are the agent domain owner of Soul Eater Domain. Why did you come to my Soul Eater Domain for no reason? What is your intention?" In an instant, two terrifying waves roared towards Qian Ying, Fang Hao said with a solemn expression. road.

They know that Hao Ni'er's strength is a real rival to the entire Li Soul Realm!

At the beginning of the Second Domain War, Soul Eater suffered heavy losses. Later, after compensation for many territorial resources, Hao Ni'er was the acting domain owner of Soul Eater. The Second Domain has been in peace for so many years, but Soul Eater is in Under the rule of this woman, there is an amazing unity, and even the speed of strength growth is extremely terrifying.

Hao Ni'er's talent is said to be comparable to that of the Master of Soul Eater. Although he is not as powerful as the Master of Soul Eater, his strength may have reached the level of the late Eight Star Fighting Immortal. The fastest update of Qiqi novel https://

"Humph."

"It's just two mice." Hao Ni'er raised her eyebrows and snorted coldly. The silver light around her body was like a waterfall, falling from the sky. Suddenly, in this world, there were three dominant auras. There was no doubt that these three The breath is all at the level of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, and that kind of aura is undoubtedly shocking.

"Damn..."

"The Lord of Soul Eater has escaped, and the Qidu Divine Soul Cup has also been taken away by them!"

"They really came prepared!" Fang Hao sensed that Soul Eater's aura completely dissipated, and immediately regretted it.

At the beginning, the Master of Li Soul obtained the Qidu Yin Soul Cup by coincidence, and the powerhouses who gathered the entire Li Soul Domain could not participate in the secret. Therefore, Fang Hao took the initiative to resign and came to the depths of the Earth Spirit Pagoda to guard these treasures day and night. First, it is for selfishness. If he can participate in the secret of Qidu Diving Soul, I am afraid that Fang Hao's strength and status will completely replace the Lord of Li Soul, and secondly, it is also to stay away from the many people of His Royal Highness, the Lord of Li Soul. Intriguing calculations.

But now, the Lord of Soul Eater took action, and with Xiao Yan, the two of them actually brought out the Qidu Yin Soul Cup under their own eyes, which made Fang Hao's old face sink and said angrily.

"Teacher, they have gone far... I should go too." There was a trace of resentment hidden in the beautiful eyes, and then turned around indifferently, glanced at the two behind with a graceful posture, and snorted softly.

She knows that if she really wants to compete today, with her strength and means, she can easily keep these two guys here permanently, but her purpose is not this, but to protect her teacher, the Lord of Soul Eater .

"This... such a beautiful woman..." Rao was a middle-aged woman with a delicate face, and when he saw Hao Ni'er, he couldn't help showing a hint of envy.

Hao Ni'er is as light as a swallow. On top of her body, there are sections of beautiful silk and satin. Three thousand blue silk falls like a waterfall, making her figure even more beautiful. Yuhuan, on top of Yuhuan, an ancient pattern emerges quietly, but its whole body is filled with a light and aura, like a fairy from the world who does not stain the world!

"Chi Die, do it!" After the blink of an eye, Fang Hao's eyes showed a trace of resentment, and the thunder axe in his hand released a dazzling black thunder. The thunder was like a lion in a state of rage, with a terrifying momentum.

On the other side, the head of the Nanshen Temple under the energy clone, Chi Die's body, was filled with a seven-color energy at the same time, and suddenly projected directly at Hao Ni'er.

"I won't play with you anymore."

"The Binding of Space!" Hao Ni'er smiled softly when looking at such a tyrannical attack from the two. Around her body, an ancient silver power filled the air, and the void suddenly shook.

"What, how could this guy have an ancient source of space..." Seeing Hao Ni'er coming out like this, both of them felt heavy, and immediately looked at each other. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

"Weng buzzing!" The next moment, the dazzling silver power of space filled the fifth floor of the entire Earth Spirit Pagoda like a meteor, and soon it was completely ignited, and it exploded like a doomsday.

"Hey!" With a sound, the void was closing, and Hao Ni'er's figure slowly disappeared here.

"Settle down here first, the next step is to tell the Lord of the Soul about what happened here. It seems that the appearance of Hao Ni'er and the Lord of Soul Eater this time is no coincidence." Instead of chasing and killing, they each exerted their strength to settle down here. Immediately, there were quite strange things happening in the entire shrine of the Lord of Souls.

On the other side, the Master of Soul Eater took Xiao Yan to escape from the Earth Spirit Pagoda directly broke through the void and came to a wilderness near the courtyard in the Earth Spirit Domain. There are few people here, but it is very good. 's hiding place.

"Little guy, are you alright?" Just when he came here, the dazzling devouring power of Soul Eater went directly to Xiao Yan's body, trying to repair the injury in Xiao Yan's body.

"Teacher... I'm fine, this is the Qidu Yin Soul Cup, this time, it is fortunate that the teacher is there." Xiao Yan said weakly, and after saying that, he forced himself not to fall down with a trace of perseverance, and the Qidu Yin on his chest The soul cup was pushed towards the Lord of Soul Eater in front of him, with a smile on his cheeks.

"Weng buzzing!" The Lord of Soul Eater ignored Xiao's seemingly ordinary lamp, supported Xiao Yan's shoulders with both hands, and the dazzling power of devouring poured into Xiao Yan's body, repairing Xiao Yan's injured body.

"..." In an instant, the two of them became so quiet. As for the Qidu Soul Reduction Cup, it was directly thrown aside by the Soul Eater Lord. If it weren't for this thing, Xiao Yan almost fell on the fifth floor of the Earth Spirit Pagoda. In the main body of Soul Eater, there is more guilt towards Xiao Yan.

"Weng buzzing!" After a while, the void in front of the two squirmed, and a beautiful shadow filled the air.

"Teacher." Qian Ying just appeared, and she immediately said respectfully to the handsome man in front of him who was concentrating on urging the power of devouring to heal Xiao Yan.

"Shabu-shabu!" This seemingly understated voice reached Xiao Yan's body, but it brought shocking waves. It seemed that the ordinary woman in front of her was even more terrifying than the previous two Eight-star Fighting Immortals, but now This woman's appearance was changed and covered up by it, and it looked rather vague and the same as ordinary human beings, and even her breath was hidden by it, just like ordinary people.

But it was this contrast that made Xiao Yan know that the two people beside him at this time were probably the two top powerhouses in the Soul Eater Domain of the Ghost Realm.