Chapter Vol 4 2013: Liu Hao's pride and provocation!

"Da da da." At the same time, in the ancient prison, a terrifying low-pitched roar sounded like a wild beast being tortured to the point of madness. It was surging everywhere in the middle, and it was eerie and terrifying. Just hearing it like this made people tremble all over.

"Strange, why did Xiao Yan's aura get lost?" Liu Hao, relying on the cover of his immortal artifact, avoided the search of many extraterrestrial evil clan powerhouses, but the current sense of Xiao Yan's aura was extremely weak. It seems that he is no longer here, left here.

"Damn, Feng Xiejun's blocking wasted too much time for me, it's a bad thing." Liu Hao sighed, if he followed Xiao Yan into the Holy Land, as long as he found Gu Xun'er, then not only Jiuxuan Zhongmingyan would be his own , even Gu Xun'er will become something in his own pocket.

Liu Hao is naturally not pedantic. He only cares about the holy flame on Gu Xun'er's body and her posture. Every time she sees her graceful figure, it makes her linger and forget to return. In the bag, and Jiu Xuan Chong Mingyan can solve the backlash caused by the soul of slaughter, it can kill two birds with one stone, so it is inevitable for Gu Xun'er.

"In this ancient prison, there are many evil races from outside the territory, and there are even countless tyrannical evil spirits at the bottom. I'm afraid there are some powerful evil demons who are doing this again."

"Since Xiao Yan is lost, then if I kill the demons here, I'm afraid I can gain the admiration of the three red-clothed archbishops by virtue of such credits, and then all my opposition in the Holy See will disappear. Clean, at that time, this piece of heaven and earth may be used by me..."

"And the Soul of Slaughter likes to kill. It just so happens that there are some foreign evil races here. If you kill it, you will kill it. It will help the Soul of Slaughter to wake up better, so as to reduce the force of backlash, rustling. At this moment, Liu Hao's heart, a mad move, was born slowly, and immediately walked towards the bottom of the bottom of Sen Luo's hell, where is his goal.

As a son of light, Liu Hao's power of light is much more tyrannical than the normal powerhouses of the Holy See. In addition, he has the extremely precious slaughtering soul of the Holy See, and the flowers that he has been in the greenhouse since he was a child, so he is so fearless.

However, I have to say that unless there is a real reincarnation, Liu Hao, who has the Soul of Slaughter and the Son of Light Divine Mark, is already invincible to some extent.

Below, in the **** of Senra, in the castle of evil.

The evil castle stands on the ground of blood, with countless white bones and scarlet auras everywhere. In that huge castle, there are a total of eight golems. They are arranged in a very mysterious and evil arrangement. The center of the golem is It is a small golem that is about an inch away. Before the small golem, there were countless sinister blood lines, and even countless forces irrigated it, which set off the whole golem.

"Strange, why does the aura of Feng Xiejun and Snake Scorpion Xue'er have a sense beyond me... Could it be that they entered their own realm to torture these humans for fun?" In the evil castle, the eight giant golems Outside, on a gloomy blood red stone seat, a figure in a black robe slowly muttered, his voice sinister and full of endless evil spirits.

"Tear it!" After a while, at the footsteps of the eight giant golems, a river of blood continued to flicker, and a touch of extremely evil aura and power slowly flowed out from the feet of the eight golems and easily merged in. Above the small golem in the center of the eight golems, for a while, the small golem was like a demon baby, and the blue stones all over its body had a trace of human anger, and even its breath was even more tyrannical!

Among the extraterritorial evil races, the birth of the king must be nourished by countless vigor and **** power, and their minimum strength also requires the eight-star fighting immortal rank, and some chance coincides with the initial stage of the eight-star fighting immortal. However, there are not enough opportunities for Lie such as snakes and scorpions, and even if the strength reaches the late stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian, he will not be able to become a king rank.

Among the alien races, the strength is not the most important, the rank is very clear, even a king rank in the early stage of the Eight-star Fighting Immortal, as strong as the snake and scorpion blood, etc. That is the absolute coercion above the bloodline of the level, and once you step into the king rank, you will have at least one extremely powerful "evil tool" in your hand, and the strength is even more desperate.

"Susu... Soon, you will be born successfully, and the entire ancient clan will become turbulent because of your birth."

"I will put all the powerhouses in the ancient prison into your body, and then I will catch all those nasty guys who occupy the core of the ancient clan."

"A king-level powerhouse, with the cooperation of you and me, can only be saddened. After all, there are only a lot of evil tools." The blood-red figure smiled gloomily, his voice full of There was a crazy smile, and the greedy voice could not be stopped.

"Pfft!" It seems to have been rendered by this guy. The body of the small golem in the center of the eight golems trembled slightly. The small golem actually slowly evolved towards the human baby, with red skin and big watery eyes. , With the addition of a black evil hair, the whole demon baby looks very strange, but the power contained in it is really strong and outrageous!

If that kind of power is successfully absorbed, I am afraid that he will become a powerhouse with strength comparable to the late stage of the Eight-Star Dou Xian or even stronger!

"Hahaha!"

"It turns out that it's here I'm really looking for it." Just as the Blood King Zaidu sat on his blood-colored throne, a rebellious cold snort filled the air like thunder. outside the gates of the entire evil castle.

"Oh...what?" The Blood King heard the words, leaned gently on the throne, a limit appeared on the corner of his mouth, a pair of slender palms stretched out under the black robe, stroking his chin, his eyes looked through countless blood lights, looking at the evil At the gate of the castle.

"Clang!" With a sound, the giant gate of the evil castle was kicked open by Liu Hao, and countless bright auras enveloped Liu Hao.

Even when Liu Hao just appeared, in the **** below Senluo, countless evil spirits were restless, and they retreated for a while. On the eight giant golems in the evil castle, a quivering aura emerged.

The aura and power on Liu Hao's body definitely has the level of threatening them!

"The power of light?"

"The Holy See?" At this moment, looking at Liu Hao, who was smiling and proud at the entrance of the castle, the blood king's voice was full of magnetism, and blood lights swept out like purgatory, and the bright evil fluctuations turned into one A circle of evil spirits will cover the entire castle!

Senran killing intent and a touch of madness emerged from the blood king under the black robe!

https://

Genius remembers the address of this site in one second: . Mobile version reading website: