Chapter 584: Try it out!

"Good boy, this king's test is also very simple, that is, you can use your own strength to protect the few people around you!"

"I will attack with all my strength later. If these people are touched by any of my strength, then even if you lose, don't think about this holy flame." Huoxin Tianyan said indifferently.

"Do you want to protect..."

"The power of different fires and what I have learned in my life are both violent, why do you want me to protect them at this time?" Xiao Yan murmured, thinking constantly.

"Brother, this person is obviously lazy. He clearly knows that your defense is almost zero, and all attacks are based on close combat." Little Yi on the side was in a hurry.

"Xiao Yan, I don't know what you will do next... I hope you won't let me down." Mu Yingying's body flashed blue pupils for a while, she just whispered a few words and disappeared instantly!

"I warn you, next time you do this again, don't worry about me!" Mu Yingying, who was recovering calmly, snorted coldly, and then the blue flame subsided.

"It's too late to admit defeat now." Huo Xin Tianyan said slightly, staring at Xiao Yan as if he were watching a play.

"If that's the case, then come on!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he smiled without any doubts.

Xiao Yan vaguely guessed in his heart that this Fire Heart Tianyan is so related to its name, and since this holy flame is owned by Immortal Master Crazy Wood, how can it be mastered by this man named Yan?

There must be some unspeakable secret in this!

"Then let's start."

"As long as you can hold on to this incense stick, you will win." Huoxin Tianyan was slowly wrapped around the rock, and the holy flame crystal was engraved on its forehead. As for the figure's body, it was full of Protected by thick rocks!

Through the cover up, Xiao Yan could feel the terrifying power of flames under the rock!

Even the blood demon gold qi and blood stains on his chest showed a slight fear.

"Rock Attack!" The next moment, Huoxin Tianyan didn't care about the 3721, slightly raised the rock's jerky palm like a machine, and suddenly attacked the direction where Xiao Yan was!

"Shabu Shabu!" With Huoxin Tianyan's wave like this, countless small rocks appeared in the surrounding space. The appearance of the rocks was different, but they were surprisingly strong. As for the inside of the rock, it was the power of flames!

"Boom boom boom!" Countless rocks slammed into the place where Xiao Yan was, and the momentum was like ten thousand arrows, which was very spectacular!

"Although this holy flame crystal is only a small part of the power of holy flame, but this small part of power can be so powerful, it is indeed holy flame." Xiao Yan's mouth cracked into a smile.

However, in the face of such a terrifying attack from Huoxin Tianyan, Xiao Yan not only did not retreat, but also did not panic at all.

The Burning Jue in the body rotates at a high speed, and each time it rotates, it will bring a certain increase to Xiao Yan, although the degree of increase is extremely weak.

"Fire!" A majestic voice filled the air in an instant, and then I saw Xiao Yan's body, with different colors of different fires filling out instantly!

"what……"

"This Xiao Yan actually has so many flames hidden in his body... How did he manage to suppress so many violent flames in his body?" Mu Yingying's pupils lit up, she was extremely surprised!

As the owner of the holy flame, Mu Yingying's terror towards the power of the holy flame is very clear!

Don't think that Mu Yingying is only in the middle stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor. If all the power of the Holy Flame is volatilized, even a seven-star Dou Emperor powerhouse has the power to fight!

This is the horror brought by the holy flame, enough to fight beyond the ranks!

"Rain of Fire!" Xiao Yan hummed suddenly, and the twenty-three kinds of different fire groups surrounding Xiao Yan instantly shook, and then, from each group of strange fire, a huge force surged out instantly!

"Boom boom boom!" Countless rocks and Xiao Yan's fire rain instantly attacked together, bringing up a lot of dust.

"Boy, the flame on your body is not weak..." Huoxin Tianyan said intentionally or unintentionally.

Although I just tried to test whether this Xiao Yan had some strength and didn't use too much power, the rock was not so easy to resist.

"Senior is wrong." Xiao Yan said indifferently.

The attack just now seemed to be evenly matched, but only Xiao Yan knew that when the power of his strange fire attacked the attack from Huoxin Tianyan, a heavy feeling came as if it had hit the thick soil!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Like an indestructible rock!

"Different Fire Plaza!"

"Now!" Xiao Yan didn't have time to wait for Huoxin Tianyan to make a move, and directly summoned out the Yihuo Square left by the ancient emperor Natuoshe!

It was an extremely wide square. It was lying flat on Xiao Yan's palm slowly, and an ancient aura instantly came out.

"Different fire returns to its place!" Xiao Yan drank abruptly, and immediately within his body, terrifying strange fires burst out from one after another, and then poured into the heart and strange fire square!

As more and more different fires were injected, the square of different fires suddenly became gorgeous, and an indescribable ancient breath suddenly emanated from it!

"What kind of power is this..." Huoxin Tianyan couldn't help muttering in a low voice, because even if it was transformed by the Holy Flame Crystal, it actually felt an extremely strong energy from Xiao Yan's hand on the Square of Different Fire. The power of terrifying repression!

This is unheard of!

"This thing seems to be a powerful hand, otherwise it wouldn't make me have such terrifying fluctuations." After a brief hesitation, Huoxin Tianyan immediately understood!

"Forget it, this kid has a good temperament and has so many flames in his body, although he can't compare to Holy Flame, he is also extremely terrifying. Besides, Kuang Muxian and Yan two old guys are quite respected. "Huoxin Tianyan said slowly.

"Good boy, even if you want to play, then this king will play a big game with you!"

"As long as you can catch my move and not fall, I, Huoxin Tianyan, are willing to follow you!" Huoxin Tianyan said enthusiastically.

"Yanlai!" Huoxin Tianyan was not to be outdone as he watched Xiao Yan continuously injecting the power of different fires into the square of different fires.

"It's really... Damn." Xiao gritted his teeth and continued to inject all the power of the strange fire in his body into the square of strange fire.

With Xiao Yan's injection like this, the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire behind him was suddenly out of Xiao Yan's control, directly separated from Xiao Yan's back, and hung in the center of the Eternal Fire Square!

Where, it is the number one position on the Different Fire List!

"Stone Hand Celestial Burial!" A cold snort cut through the space and shook the sky!

I saw that Huoxin Tianyan was surrounded by countless disguises to form a huge palm. On the palm, there was a trace of khaki-yellow holy flame power around it, as if one palm would kill countless weak creatures!

"Go!" Xiao Yan didn't hide anything, he pushed his palm slightly, and an extremely powerful force touched the attack of Huoxin Tianyan!

"Boom boom boom!" The terrifying fluctuations continued to permeate the top of the entire desert mountain range. The giant hand of the sky and the ancient ruler of different fires suspended above Xiao Yan's strange fire square, the power of the two continued to stalemate!

Ask for tickets!