Chapter Vol 4 1808: The last obsession, Marr's madness!

The entire void of the devil's lair is completely wrapped in dark green evil mist, covering the sight of countless people, like a real devil's purgatory, but the sacred light of the pentagram at the top of the sky is converging, and the holy sword of judgment blessed by angel wings , with a downward attitude, slowly clearing these evil mists, once the evil mists are all expelled, I am afraid it will be the end of the other guys.

"Wait... Evil Ding..."

"Gone?" At this moment, Xiao Yan sneaked up to the canopy of the evil tree, ready to take the evil cauldron and the two Devil Fruits inside it to fly away, but exclaimed.

"It's too late."

"There." At this time, with the help of Marr and Mekal's battle, the Dark Underworld followed Xiao Yan. Hearing Xiao Yan's opening, his black eyes stared at a hole at the bottom of the nest.

Originally, this space had been completely locked and blocked by Mekal, but after Marr finally gave up, a faint exit appeared in an inconspicuous area in the lair!

"Damn it..." Xiao Yan looked up, but saw Gamma and Soul Flame and Soul Wuji directly sinking into the void, and even on Gamma's ugly palm, two agate red demons The fruit stood up slowly, and suddenly the light door of the passage was closed, and the nest was completely formed into a closed closed space.

At this moment, Gamma disregarded the other sinners and left here with two Devil Fruits, and the two Soul Palace Hall Masters chased after them. As for the two Devil Fruits, one of them quietly entered the real of maturity.

"We... where is this?"

"Is this... hell?" In the sky, Mekal's desperate battle with Marr continued with an overwhelming advantage, but victory was only a matter of time. At this time, a clean drizzle of rain fell under the lair, and immediately On the mountain of those who were left to be controlled, as many as tens of thousands of human beings were as small as ants, and they slowly woke up. Among these human beings, there were many noble and powerful people of the royal family.

Since getting the antidote, Ji Xuan also followed Marr's Evil Rain practice, based on his wood attributes, and spread the antidote instantly, and it was effective in a moment.

At this moment, these human beings who have just woken up have weak limbs and extremely weak aura in their bodies, but looking at Mekal, who is in charge of the holy sword like a **** in the sky, and the evil dark green mist in this space, a fearful Waves swept through the body.

"This beast!" At this moment, Xiao Yan couldn't help but scolded secretly, because at this time Mekal didn't know that the two Devil Fruits had disappeared, and was still slowly consuming Marr's last strength, and looking at her attitude, it was obvious that she would not Let go of everyone present.

"Brother Xiao Yan, what should we do now?" After the comatose humans were rescued, Ji Xuan also came to Xiao Yan and asked, but there were several gorgeously dressed men and old men behind him. I know it's not an ordinary person.

"The purpose of the patrolling angel is obviously not just to obliterate the devil. Now that the devil fruit is lost, I am afraid she will become angry. Everyone here, including you and me, will be completely here." Xiao Yan's pupils shrank tightly, unprecedentedly solemn. .

"Brother Xiao Yan, I also know the seriousness of the matter, but among these comatose humans, there are many important officials who support Princess Lin Yunshu, and I hope my brother can help me, even if it is to take my life..." Ji As Xuan said, he knelt down heavily on his knees, and a trace of blood and relief appeared in his pupils. When he mentioned Lin Yunshu, his expression softened.

"Is it worth it?" Xiao Yan was shocked when he heard the words, and asked him softly, but his expression flickered with a hint of hesitation.

"does it worth?"

"does it worth?"

"Is it worth it?" As if being asked by Xiao Yan's soul now, as if the only salvation for the demon from the abyss of **** was his last life-saving straw, which kept echoing in his mind for a long time.

"It's worth it!" A firm voice represented Ji Xuan's rock-solid choice, and his expression flashed with a rare dim light.

Don't be afraid of life and death, but also add a chance for Yiren to win!

Even if that would make you sink into **** without redemption, so what?

It's a big deal to lose his own life, but when he thought that the princess who was like a little princess in the past was now in a twilight for the election, Ji Xuan's fist couldn't help clenching tightly.

"Princess... who are you?" Looking at Ji Xuan's demeanor in front of him, Xiao Yan seemed to know something and asked.

"Well...it's my crush." ​​Ji Xuan did not escape this time, and faced Xiao Yan directly.

"It's a man, just tell me directly."

"It's someone I like!"

"What? I can't hear you louder."

"It's my wife."

In this infinitely close death, the two chatted and laughed.

"You take care of these guys and leave the rest to me."

"But remember, we only have one chance."

"And you have to come back alive for me, I'm still waiting to drink your wedding wine." Xiao Yan said casually. After that, he took the dark underworld warrior and took a mountain-like pace towards the aloof Mekal. go.

This time, it may be nine deaths and one life, but as long as there is a chance of life, Xiao Yan will not give up.

"Thank you." At this moment, a touch of warmth flowed in Ji Xuan's heart, and he often heard Qin Xin say that there is a fellow senior brother who deserves her admiration, and he must be the one in front of him.

"The greater the strength, the greater the responsibility." Step by step toward the angel, Xiao Yan said with a wry smile. Originally, he was only here to help the princess, but unexpectedly, he discovered such a huge conspiracy. This conspiracy, I am afraid will risk his own life.

"Boom!" Marr gave up his whole body's cultivation and deliberately turned it into a pool of blood, just to buy time for Gamma to escape, but also to take out the remaining two Devil Fruits Because he knows that he is not a half-demon now, and there is no chance of winning against the wandering angel.

"ended!"

"Holy Inquisition, Forbidden Soul!" As the dark green blood mist around his body became thinner and thinner, Mekal made a light voice, like a death sentence pronounced by the **** of death.

"Boom!" The high-pitched holy voice descended, as if the ancient servants were praising the great leader. At that time, countless white feathers around the holy sword trembled wildly, and the holy mang prospered, directly facing the lair, the last of Marr's remains. The dark green blood group ruled and left!

"Huhu...I hope that two devil fruits can give birth to real demons, it's not in vain for me to work so hard..."

"If you want to obliterate me without paying some price, how can you do it?"

"Blast me!" At this moment, the dark green blood mass of only a few meters forced by Shengmang shrank violently like a heart, and then swelled suddenly. Finally, a harsh sound exploded directly in the nest. Come!

Marr's self-exploding power in the semi-demon level state, and the holy sword of the holy judgment of the wandering angel, it is still unknown who wins and who loses!