Chapter 397: The eve of the auction!

Ten days passed quickly. Nine days passed in a blink of an eye, and the last day was left. The Xuanling Royal Family Auction, which was considered a prosperous world for three days in Xuanling, was about to start.

"The body should be fine, why haven't you woken up yet..." At this moment, Mu Yingying, who was lying flat on the bed, was also gently held by Xiao Yan's wrist, and then an extremely gentle force emanated from Xiao Yan's body. , and then slowly checked Mu Yingying's injuries.

Speaking of Xiao Yan, he also relied on the tenacious physique of 23 kinds of different fires, and with some high-level healing medicines, he recovered his injuries in nine days. To master it, it is undoubtedly more tyrannical than when he had just broken through the four-star Doudi Consummation.

"what happened?"

"Is she not awake yet..." The door of the room was gently pushed open, and then Mu Feng also walked in, looking at Mu Yingying who was still lying on the bed, and said.

"The injury should be healed, but I don't know why I haven't woken up yet..." Xiao Yan also shook his head, slightly puzzled.

"By the way, Xiao Yan, I haven't had time to ask, what did you encounter inside?"

"Otherwise, with the perfection level of a four-star Dou Emperor and the strength of a middle-stage five-star Dou Emperor, you wouldn't be so embarrassed..." Mu Feng said like a curious baby.

"We encountered the robbery of the Xuanling Imperial Family Enshrinement Hall in the Xuanling Imperial Pond!"

"Eight-star Dou Di's perfection-level strength." Xiao Yan also said solemnly.

Before his master Jinlong King retreated, he also instructed Xiao Yan that this Mu Feng was someone who could be friends with him, so Xiao Yan also told him about it.

"What?" The next moment, Mu Feng was also surprised!

The strength of the eight-star Doudi perfection level!

This is comparable to Senior Mu Xuzi in their Human Palace, this Xiao Yan was able to escape to heaven!

It's terrifying!

No wonder it was the one who killed the twin ghost emperors!

Mu Feng was also extremely shocked in his heart.

Because this Xuanling Imperial Pond is the territory of the Xuanling Imperial Family, and their Xuanling Imperial Family dares to kill people on their own territory, this is too presumptuous!

"No wonder Elder Zhu is so angry..." Mu Feng also understood why Elder Zhu was so angry. It turned out that the two disciples in his pavilion were actively attacked on someone else's territory, how could he not be angry?

"Looks like I have to be a little more careful with this Xuanling royal family in the future..." At the next moment, Mu Feng also had a plan in his heart.

"Cough, cough..." As Mu Feng had just finished speaking, Mu Yingying, who was on the bed beside him, also jerked a few times with her jade hand, and then her body shook suddenly, and a voice full of silver bells was also From Mu Yingying's mouth, "Xiao Yan!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

With an exclamation, Mu Yingying also sat up directly.

"Uh uh uh..." The next moment, Xiao Yan and Mu Feng also noticed that Mu Yingying suddenly woke up, but this behavior was a bit strange.

"Just wake up." Xiao Yan also smiled at Mu Yingying and said.

"Xiao Yan..."

"Are you alright..." The next moment, Mu Yingying also bit her lips lightly and asked.

"I'm fine, but Elder Zhu came later, so..." Xiao Yan also said.

After all, Xiao Yan couldn't tell his own opportunism.

"But don't blame me for doing that in the first place. After all, the enshrined power of the Xuanling royal family is too powerful, so I..." Xiao Yan also noticed that there was some anger in Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes, and immediately said it!

"You bastard!"

"How could it be possible to leave me alone to deal with the offerings of the Xuanling royal family..."

"If something happens to you... I, I, I..."

"We belong to a sect, so you can't have an accident!" Mu Yingying also had a strange language organization.

"The situation was urgent at the time, and besides, you kept using that power, and it also caused too much burden on yourself..." Xiao Yan also scolded Mu Yingying.

"Humph!" Mu Yingying also snorted coldly, and then did not care about Xiao Yan.

"Hey, I thought that when I saw Xiao Yan, I would definitely kill him. After all, he actually let me escape by myself, and he was in charge of breaking up..."

"He's too decisive, he's a complete powerhouse of the Eight-Star Dou Di..."

"Now seeing that he is safe and sound, he is so calm."

"But it's fine." Mu Yingying also said slightly in her heart.

"Cough, cough..." The next moment, Mu Yingying also came back to her senses, and then she pretended to cough a few times!

Because Mu Yingying found out that this Xiao Yan was actually holding her hand!

Apart from his brother, no one in this world has ever held his hand!

"Ah, ah, Xiao Yan is really..."

"But don't say it, his hands are wide and warm, so comfortable..." Mu Yingying couldn't help but rammed.

"Cough, cough..." The next moment, Xiao Yan also slowly pulled out his hand, and then coughed a few times to relieve his embarrassment.

"Hehe, are all of you little guys awake?" The next moment, a soft voice echoed slowly in this room, and then at the door, Elder Zhu also slowly pushed in.

"Old Zhu." Seeing Mr. Zhu, the three of them also greeted politely.

"Tomorrow will be the auction of the Xuanling royal family."

"The three admission tickets have just been delivered to me." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, three pages of paper appeared in his hand.

It was three strips of paper with yellow rays of light. On the whole body, Xuanling Royal Family Auction was engraved with dragon and phoenix dance in large characters, which was quite majestic.

"I don't know what strange things will happen in this auction..." Zhu Lao also distributed the three admission tickets directly to Xiao Yan and the others and then said slowly.

"Old Zhu, what is the auction of the Xuanling royal family..." Mu Feng, who was beside him, also felt the extraordinaryness of the admission ticket, and immediately said.

"Hehe, the so-called Xuanling Royal Family's auction can be regarded as the grandest event in the entire Xuansan Santian. After all, apart from the high-level medicinal pills controlled by Dan Gu, this Xuanling Royal Family's auction has everything... "

"I remember that the last time the Xuanling royal family held an auction was ten years ago."

"That time, there were not only high-level fighting techniques of the immortal rank, but also countless precious medicinal materials or some strange things." Zhu Lao also slowly understood.

When Xiao Yan and the others heard the words, they suddenly became overjoyed!

Because Xiao Yan now, I am still short of some necessities to devour the holy flame!

"I don't know if there will be anything I want in this auction." Xiao Yan was also quite looking forward to it.

"Let's go. Today's Xuanling City is undoubtedly more lively. Whether it is several other super sects or some little-known forces, they will all come."

"In addition, today is a good day for alchemists. Because it is the Xuanling Royal Family Auction, there will be many treasures of heaven and earth in the busy market. I will show you." After Zhu Lao finished speaking, also Slowly walked out of the wooden house.

"It's time for Taobao." The next moment, Xiao Yan also laughed, wondering if he could find something he needed this time.

Ask for tickets!