Chapter 452: Wind Judge vs Charming Snake Eyes!

"It's too late!" Mei Yexiao said flamboyantly.

"Snake explosion!" The next moment, an extremely terrifying corrosive force instantly exploded from the energy three meters away from Mu Chenfeng's body.

The sky exploded, causing the terrifying energy that was originally three meters away from Mu Chenfeng, and green liquids could be seen everywhere. These green liquids just exploded and spread out, and then whatever it was Anything, as long as it is touched by this emerald green liquid, instantly turns into nothingness!

"This poisonous miasma is so terrifying..." In the distance, Mu Chenfeng said slightly.

Just at the critical moment, Mu Chenfeng directly displayed his body fighting skills, and combined with the wind attribute fighting qi to increase his speed to the extreme, he just avoided Mei Ye's terrifying blow.

It's just that Mu Chenfeng's figure is extremely embarrassed at this time, because the cyan wind attribute of the body protector is actually corroded by Mei Ye's corrosive power at this time!

If this Mu Chenfeng was one step slower, terror would be seriously injured by this terrifying power of corrosion!

"This human being is not simple..." Mei Ye opened her red lips slightly, and was extremely shocked!

Because of the speed that Mu Chenfeng showed just now, I am afraid that some of the powerhouses in the later stages of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor have never had it.

"Bastard, why is the powerhouse of this snake race so terrifying, if it was just slowing down, I'm afraid..." Mu Chenfeng stood in the sky, staring at the Mei Ye below, at the same time, Mei Ye They are also staring at Mu Chenfeng, and the two are so deadlocked.

Five kilometers away from the place where the two fought, in the depths of the Charming Snake Tribe, in a rather ancient house.

The house is quite old, obviously there is a lot of dust, but in this house, there is an extremely ordinary atmosphere.

The two old men, a man and a woman, were quite old, and their faces were already wrinkled.

A slight wave appeared in the wooden house, and then the pupils of the two old men slowly opened, but the pupils were snake pupils, and the snake pupils seemed to have a different kind of power!

"This should be a message from Ye Ye..." The male old man opened his mouth slightly, then waved the ball of light directly into his hand, while the other female old man on the side had a calm expression.

"what……"

"Yeye seems to be in trouble." After sensing the information in the light group, the old man slowly raised his head and said.

"Haha, the Eight-Star Dou Emperor just wants to break into my Charming Snake Tribe, these humans are too ignorant of us." Another female figure said angrily.

"Yeah... we're all getting old."

"We can't break through the current shackles for a hundred years and a thousand years. I'm afraid that the next time the catastrophe comes, it will be the time of our fall... I just don't know if we can survive until the little baby who entered the temple comes out..."

"Having the bloodline power of the Nine-Colored Sky Swallowing Python, this is the first time I have seen it since ancient times."

"If I can pass the inheritance in the temple, I can't say that my Medusa family can emerge a peak powerhouse!" The male old man said with some vicissitudes.

"Let's go, go out and see what happened to Xiao Yeye." After the two finished speaking, they left the house with each other's arms.

"As expected of the powerhouses of the Charming Snake Tribe in the early days of the Eight-Star Dou Di." Mu Chenfeng had just avoided Mei Ye's venom all over the sky, and said in a deep voice, then his eyes rolled quickly, obviously thinking about something.

The two have stopped for a while since the fight just now, and they are also fighting.

As the saying goes, as soon as a master makes a move, he will know if there is any!

Mei Ye and Mu Chenfeng had just fought each other, and there was a shocking killing intent. Although the strength of the two was only one level apart, the battle was extremely terrifying!

"Damn it, why did this human man break into my Snake Human Race for no reason... I still want to know the location of the temple."

"What the **** are you doing!" Mei Ye was secretly surprised, and then Mei Mu stared at Mu Chenfeng in front of her.

At this time, a blue-colored Dou Qi slowly appeared on Mu Chenfeng's body. With the appearance of this Dou Qi, Mei Ye couldn't help but tremble in his heart. Obviously, the strength of Mu Chenfeng in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor made the snake-human charming snake. The deputy leaders of the tribe felt a little uneasy.

"I didn't intend to hurt you, but because of the urgency of time... I offended you." Mu Chenfeng spoke slightly, and before he finished speaking, the terrifying mid-stage strength of the Eight-Star Dou Di on Mu Chenfeng's body was undoubtedly on display.

After being stalemate for so long, it is inevitable that the strong man of the snake people will be disturbed, so Mu Chenfeng must make a quick decision!

"He...this is..." Seeing this, Mei Ye bit her lips, because a strong sense of oppression spread over Mu Chenfeng instantly.

"The technique of transforming the wind - the wind judge!" Mu Chenfeng shouted loudly, and the blue fighting spirit all over his body surged instantly!

The next moment, the space around Mu Chenfeng instantly became chaotic, as if it would collapse at any time!

Then all the fighting qi on the body emerged in Mu Chenfeng's hand. At this moment, an extremely dazzling light was born in his hand, and then Mu Chenfeng didn't hesitate, and his figure moved instantly.

The next moment, he suddenly appeared beside Mei Ye, and took a picture!

This speed is said to be late, but that is fast!

Mu Chenfeng slapped it with a palm, and the chaotic space around him suddenly made a trembling sound!

"What a terrifying wave..." Mei Ye said in a low voice, feeling a death-like wave from Mu Chenfeng's attack near Chi Chi.

The figure of Mu Chenfeng instantly appeared on Mei Ye Shanglong, and then he used the power of nine bulls and two tigers to swipe at Mei Ye who was below him!

The skill of transforming the wind, the wind judge has just appeared!

A handprint of energy hundreds of feet appeared from the sky out of thin air, and then fiercely swung towards Mei Ye below it!

The huge handprint brought monstrous power, and a terrifying coercion pressed down as if the sky was collapsing, and the terrifying pressure instantly filled out, causing Mei Yebei to bite her lips.

"Humph!" Mei Ye's hands are fast, and he just found out that Mu Chenfeng's speed is extremely fast, and he also has a plan in his heart!

Dou Qi emerged all over his body, and the strength of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor in the early stage was revealed, and then his beautiful eyes narrowed slightly, facing the huge energy handprint that was oncoming.

At this time, Mei Ye's pupils are very ordinary snake pupils, but what makes Mu Chenfeng feel strange is that Mei Ye's eyes narrowed, and he actually felt an invisible coercion from his heart, such coercion , as if it came from the depths of the soul!

The coercion of soul power, from a certain point of view, will only appear because of the power of the bloodline of the beast, and will not appear among humans at all. This is what makes Mu Chenfeng the most strange.

"The power of Mei Tong!" At the next moment, Mei Ye's eyes closed suddenly, then opened suddenly, and then a very special power burst out from his pupils in an instant!

From Mei Ye's pupils, two strands of pink energy emerged, and then they went away to the huge energy handprint that whistled towards them!

These two pink energies started out as two, and then merged into one, and a mighty aura emerged from the pink energy!

If Xiao Yan were here, I am afraid that facing this pink energy would also be quite difficult!

Because this power is not real fighting spirit... but the soul power that attacks the soul!

The distance between the two is getting closer and closer, and the pink power seems to be trying to collide with the huge energy fingerprint in the sky.

"What kind of power is this..." Mu Chenfeng just saw the pink power, his pupils shrank tightly, and then an unbelievable look appeared in his eyes.

After that, Mu Chenfeng didn't care about the two colorless transparent energy handprints and a pink energy that were slowly approaching in the sky!

Mu Chenfeng was still surprised, when two forces in the sky collided abruptly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

But a strange scene appeared, the huge energy fingerprint and the pink energy seemed to penetrate each other!

The huge energy fingerprint went straight towards Mei Ye... and that pink energy whizzed away directly towards Mu Chenfeng!

Mu Chenfeng's pupils shrank, then lost his voice: "The pupil of the charming snake... Are you Mei Ye or Mei Lan!"

Ask for tickets!