Chapter Vol 4 1793: Demon guard, evil guard!

"I can't see that you lied to me." Gamma just disappeared, and the six walking corpses quietly retreated, quietly crawling beside the sinner Fengyou.

However, what Ling Fengyou did not expect was that this Xiao Yan actually pretended to be dead in secret, used his means to successfully cross the most dangerous and dangerous death zone in the Devil's Sea, and was successfully brought them into the Devil's lair by himself. He was a little angry for a while .

"I'm a little curious about what the **** you guys are doing here." Xiao Yan's power is still at its peak, and the shadow behind him burst out with dazzling brilliance like a god. Step by step, he walked towards Feng You. The mansion of God is daunting.

"Entering the Devil's Sea is a lifeless death, but most of the people who enter here are fishermen and mercenary groups with mediocre strength, but this will not change the situation of your fall."

"But I sympathize with you..." Feng You didn't have any fear, his gloomy face appeared a little cold, and he smiled arrogantly. The smile turned out to be distorted and ugly, extremely hideous.

Among the sins, there are countless human beings who are willing to serve the sins and serve the evil races outside the realm, and the existence of the sinners is originally a human being, but they have the evil power given by the evil races outside the territory. Because of some things that people and gods are angry with, we strive to let the army of foreign evil races completely conquer the world as soon as possible. As early as when they step into sin, their souls have already rotten, become filthy, and become like ordinary human beings. There is a clear view of this.

"Why do you see it?" Xiao Yan felt that things were not so simple. The Fengyou in front of him was only a late-stage Six-Star Fighting Immortal, but he was fearless. Moreover, this was just the middle part of the devil's lair. At the bottom of the lair, there was a huge amount of evil energy. , It is growing rapidly like a baby, and that kind of power makes people's breathing become dignified.

"Because of this...because here is the masterpiece of the Fifth Sin Lord Sima!"

"Here will be a world-changing feat!"

"And we are all witnesses to this feast!"

"You are nothing but the victims of this feast!"

"嘁嘁嘁!" At the next moment, the corners of Fengyou's mouth became twisted, and a crazy smile emerged from his face. In addition to the shadow of the laboratory and the background of his dark green hair, he looked like a Like a hopelessly lunatic, swearing his faith.

"Although I have a lot of questions, I think it's better to beat you down first and ask them one by one!"

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!" Xiao Yan was vigilant and stopped talking nonsense with him. He intuitively told Xiao Yan that if he wasted too much time here, some terrible things might happen.

After the breath, Xiao Yan held the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire behind Xiao Yan in the palm of his hand. An extremely heavy feeling came from the ruler. It seemed that with the new flames of the four-color holy flames, some small amber-colored lights on the ancient ruler of Eternal Fire. The lines, faintly emerged.

These lines are like the most primitive ancient lines, and they contain indescribable mysterious power. Unfortunately, Xiao Yan's current power cannot detect its secrets.

With the power of undead fire, seven giant energy rulers in a row, like sharp bows and arrows, easily escaped from Gong Xuan and blasted away at Fengyou!

"Boom!" Terrifying flames and strong winds hummed in the void of the laboratory, and the destructive power on the giant ruler of seven flames was heart-pounding.

"Tricks of carving insects...but I don't have time to play with you!"

"Evil Guard, Demon Guard!"

"Kill him for me!" Feng You's face was calm, and he raised his palm and tapped gently.

"Crack!" With the sound of Fengyou's palm falling, a burly figure in the laboratory who was bound in the test tube of the crystal suddenly woke up, and suddenly reached out to break the transistor, covered with a looming green aura!

And in that green aura, it turned out that the amber rock soul fire in Xiao Yan's body shook violently, as if the green aura contained a wisp of evil power no less than a sinner!

The evil guards are the six walking corpses just now. They have no intelligence and cannot be resurrected. They can only be controlled and become killing machines. The demon guards completely retain some of the properties of human beings, such as emotional life and blood. But it is absolutely submissive to the control of sin, and it is also a murder weapon!

"Boom!" A demon guard who was comparable to the late stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal Humanity and six evil guards who were comparable to the middle stage of the Six-Star Fighting Immortal Humanity blasted towards Xiao Yan together.

Among them, the Demon Guard had sharp eyes, and he actually avoided Xiao Yan's seven giant-foot attacks with the advantage of his movement speed. His pale palm was gently lifted, and a devastating force of destruction came quietly. The speed skyrocketed, and the palm formed a wave With a slashing momentum, he rushed towards Xiao Yan.

"It's really tricky...but you're in a hurry, so I'm in a hurry!" After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a ghostly shadow quietly left him, and Xiao Yan suddenly lost his shadow. A creature like death was hidden in the laboratory. middle.

"The fourth finger in the sky!" Xiao Yan sneered when he looked at the aggressive Demon Guard, the ancient ruler of Yi Huo Heng was put away, and the index finger of his left hand was slowly raised. The tips converged, and a dazzling giant finger that condensed countless powers, like a giant pillar, was completely exposed in the laboratory.

"Hoohoho!" Affected by Xiao Yan's terrifying murderous aura, there was a hint of hesitation in the Demon Guard's eyes. Obviously, from Xiao Yan's terrifying attack, he could smell a wave of death, and for a while he was in. Hesitant to retreat.

"ended!"

"Immortal fire!" With a light voice, the gray flames suddenly diffused out of his body, and then directly wrapped the dazzling giant finger completely. For a time, an immortal sacred fire and the power of the destruction giant finger blessed ~www. mtlnovel.com~ A wave of extinction spreads with a bang!

Xiao Yan knew that this Demon Guard's predecessor was a human being, and if it wasn't for the power of the Holy Flame, I'm afraid it wouldn't be able to cause harm to it.

"Break me!" The Demon Guard and the Evil Guard didn't know how to advance or retreat. They directly raised their palms over their heads. The unparalleled evil forces formed green evil clouds, squirming away at Xiao Yan. The space is collapsed by an inch.

"Boom!" The incomparably hot heat wave was like a melting pot, spreading continuously with Xiao Yan as the center. Immediately, I saw a finger light wrapped in gray flames that easily split the evil cloud. It chopped in pieces, as if the falling flower dog was extremely miserable.

"It's really unfortunate... to meet a hard bone at this juncture!"

"Let's go first, the devil's lair is heavily guarded, and naturally someone will come to take care of you!" Seeing Xiao Yan's fierce attack to solve the devil and the evil guard together, Feng You was covered with a cyan fight, his figure rioted, and for a short time There were signs of escape.

Although Feng You was in the late stage of Six-Star Dou Xian, he was of the wind attribute. In addition to the perverted fighting power of Xiao Yan just now, Feng You did not dare to fight him.

"I didn't tell you to escape." Just as Fengyou's speed soared and was about to leave here, a flame figure appeared behind Fengyou, Fengshou's body suddenly tensed, and the blood in the body involuntarily solidified. For a moment, he just realized how terrifying the guy in front of him was!