Chapter Vol 4 1012: Go to the Land of Holy Flame

"There is an aura of a foreign evil race in the land of holy flames?" Xiao Yan couldn't help frowning upon hearing this news. For holy flames, Xiao Yan could be said to be in urgent need.

Because of cultivating the Fen Jue Cultivation Technique, Xiao Yan could only devour the holy flames as he did when he was on the Great Way of Dou Qi, so that he could gain jaw-dropping power.

However, something like holy flame is something that cannot be found. Anyone who encounters one is enough to be considered lucky for three lives, not to mention a guy like Xiao Yan who wants to devour holy flames.

"Although I can't be very sure, there is a high probability that it will not be wrong." Yan Chi said.

"In that case, I'm afraid it's going to be troublesome."

"I am afraid that the Xuanling royal family has been infiltrated by the blood demon clan now, and this land of holy flame may have the power of foreign evil clan, I am afraid there will be some connection between the two..." At this time, always quiet Xiao Yi couldn't help but said.

"The Xuanling royal family colluded with the evil tribes outside the territory. After going back this time, they must tell the strong people of the sect, and then punish them properly." Mu Tianyuan said.

"Forget it, now is not the time to think about these issues, let's go to the big army first, and then go to the Holy Flame Land to talk about it." Xiao Yan thought for a while, then spoke slightly.

"Yep."

"But this boundless **** river is so huge, how can I find it?" Xiao Yi agreed and asked weakly.

"We have a connection with the big army, so it's simple." After Mu Tianyuan finished speaking, he was about to take something out of his hand and said immediately.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"who!"

"Come out!" Just when Mu Tianyuan was about to act, Xiao Yan suddenly shouted at the back of a rock on the hill.

"Hehe, Xiao Yan, it's really you!" After confirming the source of the voice, Mu Feng appeared and said happily.

"Mu Feng?"

"Aren't you with the big army?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but wonder when he saw this familiar companion flashing out from behind the rock.

"Our main force has come to this hill a thousand meters away. We felt a familiar atmosphere, so we sent me over to take a look." Mu Feng said with a smile.

"Since the large army has arrived, let's go." Xiao Yan smiled when he heard this.

As soon as everyone's voice fell, they immediately followed Mu Feng along the way, chatting and laughing, and meeting with the Fenxiang Pavilion's main force, and when the elites of the Fenxiang Pavilion and the large force converged, they moved towards the core area of ​​the blood river, the holy flame. The location of the land came together, and because of the elite presence of Xiao Yan and his party along the way, they did not hide, but marched forward in a mighty manner.

At the same time, other places are slowly rushing towards the land of holy flames.

"Senior sister, what are we going to do now?" In a dark corner of the blood river, a large group of people slowly appeared here, and the leaders were surrounded by them, obviously planning something.

"The current blood river is full of ghosts, and the guys in the Xuanling royal family, for some reason, have greatly increased their strength." The leading figure spoke slowly, with some doubts in his voice.

"Senior sister, I'm afraid we need to be more careful this time."

"After all, the senior sisters in the sect who participated in the sect competition last time did not follow." The woman spoke slowly, her voice very light.

The two headed by this are naturally Wudu and Linzhu, the senior sisters of the Poison Sect. Wudu's strength has already reached the late stage of the Seven Star Dou Emperor, and Linzhu's strength is also close to half a step of the Seven Star Dou Emperor.

"Yep."

"The four-day congregation of the Xuanling royal family, after entering the Blood River Realm, was lucky enough to fight against their fourth-day congregation. It was very strong, but the aura was also extremely strange."

"I'm afraid the only plan now is to go to the land of holy flames first. When you meet the people of Fenxiang Pavilion and Wanhua Pavilion, you will definitely stand with them." Wudu said thoughtfully.

"Senior sister, why is this?" Lin Zhu said in a very puzzled way.

"With the information of the Xuanling royal family, it is natural to know the affairs between our three forces. Therefore, with such a huge grievance between the Fenxiang Pavilion and the Xuanling royal family, the members of the Xuanling royal family will definitely not let us go." The five poisons explained.

"Well, I know Senior Sister, let's go!" Lin Zhu nodded slightly when she heard the words, but she didn't know why, when she heard that Senior Sister once fought with the Xuanling Royal Family on the fourth day, Lin Zhu's mind actually Xiao Yan's picture flashed.

Although Lin Zhu and Xiao Yan have not officially met, according to the information, Lin Zhu is also very much looking forward to this outstanding new disciple from the Burning Incense Pavilion.

"I hope this guy can make Fenxiang Pavilion's ranking a little better this time." After Lin Chu finished speaking, she directly led the team with the five poisons in front of hundreds of people.

"Sisters of Wanhua Pavilion, this time, we don't want to get a high ranking, but when we can, we hope to help Fenxiang Pavilion." At this time, among the huge team of Wanhua Pavilion, the first Senior Sister Xiuqi said to the sister at the rear.

"Everything is according to Senior Sister." The sisters in the back naturally knew about the affairs between the three sects of their power, so at this time, the relationship between the Fenxiang Pavilion, the Wanhua Pavilion and the Poison Sect became extremely relaxed.

"Then, let's go."

"The Land of Holy Flame, this will be the last battlefield."

"Fenxiang Pavilion guys, I hope you don't disappoint." After Xiu Qi finished speaking, she was directly accompanied by several disciples and gathered towards the Holy Flame Land.

"Senior Brother, what should we do now?" Song Yue, who was wearing a sword on his back at the other place , asked.

"Hey, Feng Lin, how about our Wanjianmen join forces with your Ancient Desolate Hall?" At this time, the senior brother of Wanjianmen, Jian Xin said slowly.

"Joining forces?" The elder brother Feng Lin, who took the lead in the Ancient Desolate Palace, was also slightly shocked when he heard the words.

"A few guys from the Xuanling Royal Family, since the end of the previous sect competition, I don't know why their strength has skyrocketed. I have a hunch, it seems that their goal is not just Holy Flame."

"And there are some extremely mysterious auras in their bodies, so if my two forces join forces, not only safety but also other places will be guaranteed." Jian Xin's analysis is straightforward.

"Senior brother, don't hesitate, Senior Brother Jianxin is right."

"The Xuanling royal family has been so smoky recently, I'm afraid there is a plot, and there are hundreds of sect disciples behind us." Feng Hong, who was beside Feng Lin, couldn't help saying.

"If that's the case, then that's it!"

"Get ready and head towards the Land of Holy Flame."

"This time, I want to see, what the **** is going on with the Xuanling royal family!" Jian Xin said, and after speaking about the two powerful men, they headed towards the land of holy flames.

In addition to these super sects, other Solomon, Pill Valley, Puppet Mansion and many other forces are also heading towards the land of holy flames. They know that other treasures in the blood river are too much compared to the land of holy flames. child's play!

And with so many forces moving towards the land of holy flames among the blood rivers, the land of holy flames has also become lively!