Chapter Vol 4 1361: get away!

"Master?"

"Is this guy's statement credible?"

"It's as strong as Sheng Yan and there's something to fear?" Xiao Yan couldn't help but ask in a low voice, looking at the phantom pupil whose aura was growing stronger in front of him.

"He's right, everything in the world is mutually reinforcing."

"Whether it is a powerful creature, it also has its nemesis..."

"It's just that I have heard about the nemesis of Saint Flame, but I really don't know what it is." The Soul Eater shook his head slightly when he heard the words. Obviously, based on his experience, he had never heard of Heaven and Earth. There are also things that restrain holy flames. After all, holy flames are too rare.

"It seems that I have to pay attention in the future." Xiao Yan nodded slightly, not too entangled, and concentrated on preparing to fight.

"Boy, let me show you what a real alien from the outside world is." After Ian Tong finished speaking, the strange green evil light on his body instantly burst out, forming a green beast in front of his body!

The green beast is like a hungry wolf, its hideous face and violent and evil power make people shudder.

"What a vicious wave." His eyes were fixed on the green hungry wolf, and suddenly the Fire Heart Tianyan in Xiao Yan's body burst out with an extremely dazzling disgust, wishing to swallow it up and wipe it clean.

"Kill him for me!" Summoning the evil hungry wolf, the man in the green robe smiled slowly and shouted at him.

"Ow!" The hungry wolf who was full of green evil light heard the words, and suddenly roared, echoing in the whole sky.

"This extraterritorial evil clan has blatantly entered the Thunder Tomb. It seems that there is a problem inside the Thunder Valley. And now, I am afraid that people from the outside world do not know the current situation of the Thunder Tomb..."

"This guy's strength is too strong... If he is defeated, I am afraid that he can only take refuge in the Thunder Pond. In the forbidden area on the third floor of the Thunder Tomb, there should be enough power in the forbidden area to easily obliterate these foreign evil races." Du Duan Qi Fei looked at the phantom pupil, her beautiful eyes flickering slightly. At this time, if she wanted to truly defeat the phantom pupil, it would be extremely difficult. The only way to completely use the reincarnation token to trigger the power of reincarnation, but that would make the reincarnator wake up early, no matter the strength. Even his memory was incomplete, and the most important thing was that Du Qifei didn't want to become another person.

Although he didn't know that he was a reincarnator, the tyrannical silver thunder between his eyebrows told her vaguely that once he used this power completely, I am afraid that Du Qifei's personality and even personality would undergo earth-shaking changes.

"What a tyrannical fluctuation." Looking at the green hungry wolf in front of him, Xiao Yan felt a heavy feeling in his heart. The pressure this guy put on him was no trivial matter, and Xiao Yan faintly sensed that this phantom pupil didn't seem to be using his true abilities!

"It seems that the battle will be decided quickly... If we lose the enemy, we can only retreat first." Looking at the green hungry wolf and the phantom pupil, Xiao Yan made up his mind. After all, the power of these two is extremely terrifying. Being alone, he is naturally not afraid, but there are many companions by his side, although he can completely obliterate Guan Tong, but what about other people, so Xiao Yan will naturally not disregard the safety of others.

"Hot Explosion Technique!" With a cold snort, the dazzling flames instantly compressed and burned within the body. The next moment, Xiao Yan's speed skyrocketed, leaving behind afterimages in the void.

"What a fast speed..." Looking at Xiao Yan in the sky who couldn't see the figure clearly because of the extremely fast speed, the girls below spoke slowly.

"This guy seems to have some strength." Huan Tong didn't have any intention of making a move. This hungry wolf is his own proud work. If Xiao Yan is defeated, then there is no need to make his own move.

"Boom!" Because of the skyrocketing speed, the space was filled with the power of an extremely terrifying holy flame, and the suppression of the extraterritorial evil race became more and more tyrannical.

"Three punches of good fortune!"

"One punch jumps the mountain!" Xiao Yan's eyes were indifferent, while moving at a high speed, a majestic flame of Dou Qi continued to condense above the fist, and even on the surface of the fist, the power of the holy flame was added, so that this An attack becomes even more powerful!

"Break it to me!" The next moment, a fist blasted out, and then the whole sky became restless, and terrifying energy ripples and cracks continued to emerge around the fist, and its fist shadow directly faced the hungry wolf.

"It's a very strong attack, but it's not enough!" Just as Xiao Yan's brilliant flame fist was about to hit the green hungry wolf, the green light around the green hungry wolf suddenly squirmed, and a pair of eyes appeared like countless one-eyed eyes. .

"Boom boom boom!" The giant flame fist directly attacked the green one-eyed. The next moment, the energy of Xiao Yan's giant flame fist, which contained the power of holy flame, was slowly absorbed by the green one eye.

"Absorbing the power of Holy Flame?" And Xiao Yan has become dignified when he sees this scene. This is the first time Xiao Yan has faced such a difficult situation with a foreign evil clan.

"Weng Om!" After the green one-eyed absorbed the power of holy flame, the green light around the hungry wolf suddenly exploded.

"It's still too reluctant." Seeing this scene, Phantom Tong shook his head slightly, apparently just using the green eye to absorb Xiao Yan's holy flame's power, and finally failed.

"Next, let me sing an elegy for you." The next moment, without the protection of the green light, the aura of the hungry wolf also shriveled, and was directly taken back by the magic pupil. At the same time, the magic Hitomi suddenly collapsed against the void, and an extremely terrifying wave filled the entire space!

"Weng Om!" The next moment, the green evil aura continued to emerge from the body of the illusion pupil, and then the eyes of the illusion pupil swelled rapidly in the sky in an instant, and the next moment, it was full of hundreds of Zhang size!

Those green eyes that are nearly a hundred feet in size are filled with a demagogic evil force, which makes people shudder at a glance!

"not good!"

"Let's go!" Upon realizing this scene, Yun Qi, who had a weak breath, shouted loudly at everyone fighting in the sky!

I was injured because of this attack from the phantom pupil!

"My good fellow, it's actually a pupil technique... This time, let's retreat first." Looking at the arrogant Phantom pupil in front of him, the Lord of Soul Eater said.

"En." Xiao Yan nodded lightly, and then a rare wave of terror suddenly appeared on the fist.

"The two fists of good fortune!"

"Shake the world!" As soon as the voice fell without hesitation, when the phantom pupil's eyes were about to take shape, he suddenly shot at him.

"Crash!" On Xiao Yan's fist, there is not only a terrifying wave that can destroy all things, but also the power of holy flame, so with the rapid sound of breaking the wind, a huge fist of energy of hundreds of meters, in the distance Bombed out.

"This time, I won."

"Let them all stay as my puppets!"

"Boom boom boom!" Facing Xiao Yan's tyrannical blow, Huan Tong had no fear at all, and even his huge eyes were filled with a sense of madness.

"This time, I won't play with you..."

"See you next time, I will definitely take your head!" Xiao Yan sneered, then his figure flashed instantly, and he came to the center of the girls. The next moment, a silver space formation suddenly appeared.

"Space Array?"

"Where are you running!" Upon realizing this scene, Huan Tong's complexion changed dramatically, and the green evil aura shot him away.

"Weng buzzing!" It's a pity that no matter how fast the attack of the phantom pupil is, it can't lose the speed of the space formation, and it is instantly lost. In this space, only the controlled blood crystal of Mu Xiao and the phantom pupil who are caught in an angry roar are left. .

...

​​

First set a small goal, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: