Chapter 34: Preliminary fight!

Inside the Ice and Snow Mountains, the temperature is low, and the fog is lingering. The fog is mixed with a little violent energy, which greatly restricts people's sight.

In the quiet mountain range, two figures broke through the woods and swept in, and immediately landed lightly, revealing a young face, which was Xiao Yan.

"Let's go this way! Xiao Yan!" Yueru pointed the way, Xiao Yan and Xiao Yi also turned their heads when they heard the words. The most important thing now is to go to the place that Yueru said, and don't worry about that big opportunity.

"What is Miss Yueru looking for?" Xiao Yan also asked curiously. Although Yueru's father, Yueyu, said that she was looking for something in this ruin, she still doesn't know what she was looking for. Just asked.

"What I'm looking for is Crescent Moon Cuiguo." Yue Ru gritted her teeth slightly.

"Crescent Moon Green Fruit?" Xiao Yan said with a frown.

"My father spent a lot of money to collect information. In this relic, there are not only opportunities left by a senior, but also many treasures, among which the emperor-level magic core you need is also among them."

"And our Yue family has inherited the inheritance since ancient times, but it lacks this vital medicine. Crescent Moon Green Fruit" Yue Ru Bei bit her lips and said to Xiao Yan, even though her father repeatedly explained not to talk to Xiao Yan , but Xiao Yan saved her father, and Yueru didn't plan to hide it from him.

"Crescent Moon Green Fruit? This is a good thing. You kid don't know it. In addition to some wonders of the world, there are also some special medicines. Their effects are to accept inheritance or break the seal. We call it medicine introduction. "

"This crescent green fruit is a good thing. It is the representative of the moon. It seems that there is some background behind this little aunt named Yueru, otherwise such an ancient inheritance would not be her turn." The voice of the Golden Dragon King came from the ring.

After walking slowly into the lane, he followed the map and entered a mountain range. The information on the map showed that "Crescent Moon Green Fruit" was hiding here.

The mountain in front of them seemed to have someone in front of them for a long time, and some ferocious beasts were cleaned up in an instant.

"As expected of the outstanding young people who are within a hundred miles of Qingcheng, he does have some skills..." Falling to the ground, Xiao Yan glanced ahead, laughed in his heart, and immediately turned his eyes to the surroundings, his brows could not help but wrinkle. , The energy mist is too thick, and the Tianmu Mountains are so vast, it is not easy to reach the depths of the "Crescent Moon Green Fruit".

"Don't worry, follow them and let them take the lead." Xiao Yan also saw Yue Ru's worries, and hurriedly spoke to comfort.

"Yeah." Yue Ru also knew that thinking too much was useless, so she immediately restrained her breath and followed Xiao Yan to prepare to wait for an opportunity.

Between Xiao Yan's frown, a graceful colorful shadow also fell into the mountain range, and the beautiful eyes swept away, and instantly stopped on a back not far ahead.

? Feeling the slight movement behind him, Xiao Yan didn't turn his head, but when he moved, he swiftly walked away directly into the mountain range.

"Stop!"

Seeing that Xiao Yan was going to leave, the woman in the colorful dress immediately shouted coldly.

Xiao Yan didn't seem to hear her shouting, but his footsteps accelerated.

"Shh!"

Just as the pace quickened, a sound of breaking wind suddenly resounded behind him, Xiao Yan's face was slightly cold, and his footsteps made a mistake. A colorful silk satin with strong winds smeared its head and shot out, and finally pierced a towering giant tree in front of it.

Although the colored satin seems to be made of cloth, it has a faint metallic luster, which is obviously not an ordinary thing.

Seeing Xiao Yan's strange steps to avoid his own attack, a strange luster flashed in the beautiful eyes of the woman in the colorful dress. With a flick of her jade hand, another colorful silk and satin shot out from her sleeve, like a poisonous snake, winding in the air. Twisted and wrapped around Xiao Yan cunningly.

Faced with this woman's constant entanglement, Xiao Yan's heart was also filled with some anger, he suddenly turned around, his arm flashed out with lightning, grabbed the burst of silk, milky white flames emerged from his palm, and immediately followed the silk, turning into a line of fire, Shoot directly at the former.

Seeing the line of fire coming, the cheeks of the woman in the colorful skirt were also slightly cold, and a burst of blue and silver alternated, as if the powerful fighting spirit formed by the fusion of strong wind and thunder also shot out along the silk and satin, and finally collided with the line of fire.

"Bang!"

A low-pitched explosion erupted in the quiet mountain range, and the aftermath of the two strong and powerful waves directly shook the surrounding dense fog away a lot, and there was a pit more than half a meter deep in the open space.

At this moment, a lot of people have begun to break into the mountain range. When they heard the movement here, they all rushed forward. When they saw that the person who left was actually the famous Miss Feng Yi, they were all shocked. Surprised eyes turned to the strange man on the opposite side. The person who could fight with her would definitely not be an ordinary person.

"The fighting spirit formed by the fusion of the wind and thunder attributes? The name of Miss Fengleicheng is indeed well-deserved." Although the colorful silk satin has experienced such a violent energy impact, it has never broken like this. Xiao Yan's eyes are fixed on the woman in the colorful skirt. , said slowly.

He didn't expect that this woman actually has two types of physique. This type of physique may not be as rare as the Evil Poison Physique, but it is also quite rare. To be honest, Xiao Yan can also be counted as two types of attributes. The physique, fire and wood, of course, its physique is that fire accounts for the majority, and wood, just a little bit, of course, every alchemist... This is the case, because it is necessary condition.

The physique of the two attributes is actually not very suitable for cultivation, because it is not pure, Xiao Yan's kind is not bad, there is only a little wood energy in the body, but the woman in front of him, not only can cultivate this part, but also actually The perfect fusion of the two attributes of Dou Qi, the power suddenly soared...

"You can break my attack, you are also very powerful..." The woman in the colorful dress stared at the thin young man in front of her with beautiful eyes, suddenly smiled, and stretched out her flawless white hand and said softly: "Go out and rely on friends. , make a friend, my name is Feng Yi."

? As soon as these words came out, the people around them were shocked!

They knew how arrogant and arrogant the eldest lady of Fenglei City in front of them was, and now she actually reached out to a strange man to make friends.

"Hello, Xiao Yan." Xiao Yan also stretched out his hand to the woman in front of him, the two held it tightly, and a smile appeared on the corner of his mouth.

"The soul of the emperor, as expected, is right."

"With each other, Miss Feng Yi's soul is not weak."

After speaking, they both released their hands in unison.

"Let's go, Yue Ru." Xiao Yan also greeted Yue Ru who was beside him.

"It's really hard to meet someone who is interested, but it seems that his soul power is stronger than mine."

"However, if you want to be my man, you can't just have a strong soul."

"Follow them, I want to see what they are going to do if they have a good chance." The woman in the colorful skirt said.

"But Miss, the master told me before coming out that we should focus on chance."

"I'll say one more thing!"

"Follow them!" The woman in the colorful dress frowned slightly, even though she followed Xiao Yan and the others.