Chapter 655: settled

"Boom boom boom!" Terrifying fluctuations continued to be born, countless trees turned to ashes in an instant, and the land suddenly cracked.

"This Xiao Yan really lives up to its reputation." Guang Lu looked at the huge dazzling shadow on Xiao Yan's body, and a dazed feeling was born in his heart.

Since joining the Burning Incense Pavilion, very few people have caused this kind of situation in Guanglu.

"Light..." Anli seemed to be worried about something, and then spoke slowly.

"Let's go first, someone is here."

"I just didn't expect that this Xiao Yan's strength is actually stronger than I thought." Guang Lu glanced at Xiao Yan from a high altitude.

Obviously extremely puzzled, there is nothing strange about this Xiao Yan, and he is deeply trapped in his own skylight curtain road, how can he unleash such a terrifying blow?

"Go!" The next moment, the light path skipped directly, took the three thousand feet away, and disappeared directly here!

"Boom boom boom!" Xiao Yan, who was trapped in the skylight curtain road, was not feeling very well. If he didn't have the power of holy flame to protect his body, I am afraid that the damage caused by the skylight curtain road to Xiao Yan would be even more terrifying!

"Cough, cough..." With the departure of Guanglu and the others, Xiao Yan fell down with a thud.

"This day's light curtain road is really terrifying. If there is no last resort of the Yihuo Heng ancient ruler, I am afraid that I still have to use a lot of trump cards." Xiao Yan said weakly.

The reason why Xiao Yan wanted to activate the seventh-layered sky-shattering ruler and the fourth-foot-shattering ruler at this time was that on the one hand, there was only one way at that time, and on the other hand, Xiao Yan wanted to try the power of this fourth-level ruler.

After this battle, Xiao Yan was obviously extremely satisfied. Not only did he learn the first four feet of the seventh layer of breaking the sky, but also the fighting qi in his body that had soared due to swallowing the holy flame became more solid.

"Gulugulu." Xiao Yan twisted the ring lightly, and high-level medicinal pills continued to emerge, and then they were swallowed by Xiao Yan as if they didn't want money.

As the huge amount of medicinal pills turned into pure power and poured into the body, Xiao Yan's weak feeling disappeared instantly, replaced by a more abundant power!

"Hey, the Dawning Team's Guanglu and Anli actually use the power of life fusion technique, which is really beyond my expectations." Xiao Yan stood up slightly, and then said.

"But what exactly is this life force fusion technique..." Xiao Yan said slightly in his heart, obviously he was quite afraid of this kind of thing.

If Xiao Yan didn't have the power in the ancient ruler of the Eternal Fire just now, it would probably cost a lot of energy. After all, the power of the Skylight Curtain Road is really indescribable, making Xiao Yan hard to guard against.

"I didn't expect that in your Burning Incense Valley, there would still be people emerging with the power of life fusion technique." Xin Yan's voice slowly said in Xiao Yan's heart.

"As for this so-called fusion of vitality, it is the perfect fusion of vitality in their bodies, which is a bit like the fusion of those flames in your body."

"But the difference is that yours is to remove the violent force in the flame and then fuse it together. The flame itself is like water and fire, and the two people's vitality is the same. After fusion, one plus one equals two!"

"That kind of power is far from your flame." Xinyan said slightly.

"So it is." Xiao Yan heard the words and suddenly realized that it was no wonder that the power of life fusion technique was still so secret.

"Be careful, someone is coming." Xinyan had just finished speaking, but there was no follow-up.

"Tsk tsk tsk, you kid is really restless. I was just about to take a break when I was attracted by your battle." A scolding voice appeared slowly.

"Deputy Hall Master Xiong Yuan." Xiao Yan turned his head and smiled slightly, obviously in the face of Xiong Yuan's naive appearance, he couldn't help but feel warm.

"You brat's fluctuations are really big enough. If I hadn't helped you stabilize the space here, I'm afraid you would have caused a lot of trouble." Xiong Yuan scolded Xiao Yan.

"Causing other troubles?"

"This is a relic of the battle between the ghost world and Xuan Tiantian. Could it be that there is a ghost world here?" Xiao Yan was suddenly surprised.

"This is not the case. After all, the breath in the ghost world has been purified by many strong people here." Xiong Yuan explained.

"Okay, you kid, be careful not to cause any trouble, otherwise I will definitely not let you go." After Xiong Yuan finished speaking, Zaidu disappeared, as if he had gone elsewhere.

"The strength of the deputy hall master of this hall is really unfathomable." Xiao Yan looked at Xiong Yuan who was leaving, and couldn't help thinking.

Obviously, with Xiao Yan's enormous soul power and spiritual power, neither Xiong Yuan's specific strength has been found. I am afraid that Xiong Yuan's strength has reached the level of an eight-star fighting emperor.

"Forget it, although I don't know why Guanglu and the others ran away, let's meet up with Mu Yingying and the others first." Xiao Yan was about to leave when he saw Mu Yingying running not far away. .

"Xiao Yan!" Mu Yingying called from a distance.

"I'm here." Xiao Yan naturally rejected Mu Yingying, and then the distance between several people kept shrinking, and several people finally gathered together.

"Xiao Yan, are you alright?"

"Just now we saw a terrifying fluctuation in you from a long distance away, and the smell of the flame is very similar to yours, so I ran over uneasy." Mu Feng wondered.

"I just met a strong team here, but it's all right." Xiao Yan turned around to show everyone.

"How is it possible, that's the Dawn Team."

"Guanglu, the captain of the Dawning team, has reached the level of six-star Doudi consummation In addition to the fact that Guanglu and Anli have been married since childhood, when the two of them cooperate, even if it is our land Senior Brother Dian Er has to be treated seriously, how could you defeat their entire team with one person?" Ling Xuan's pretty face at the back was full of incredible emotions, and then she exclaimed slowly.

"It's not like defeating their entire team with my own strength. After all, the last means of Light Path and Dark Li, even I almost got it."

"But the next time I meet them, it shouldn't be difficult for me to defeat their entire team by myself." Xiao Yan personally, an indescribable confidence emerged between his eyebrows.

"Humph!"

"See, not everyone is like you."

"There is a reason why Xiao Yan can become the well-deserved number one in our Human Palace."

"Also, Ling Xuan, don't forget that when Xiao Yan joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, he couldn't help but kill the twin ghost emperors. At that time, his strength was only a four-star fighting emperor. Now, five years later, Xiao Yan's strength has already It has reached the late stage of the Six-Star Dou Emperor!"

"Whether there are other secrets and opportunities in this, let's not talk about it for the time being, just talk about you, look at you, if you don't have your father, I'm afraid you won't be able to achieve today's results."

"So..." Mu Feng said incessantly, but when he was about to speak, Xiao Yan stopped him.

"Lingxuan, what are you cultivating for?" Xiao Yan knew that it was not good for Lingxuan to persecute her like this, and immediately stared at her and asked slightly.

"What is the purpose of cultivation..." Ling Xuan's emotional heart suddenly calmed down, and then she kept echoing these words. ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: