Chapter Vol 2 808: life and death fire beast

"What's the matter?"

"Canglonglu, Heavenly King Ginseng?" The Fire Beast of Life and Death heard the words, and its pupils shrank tightly. It was obvious that Xiao Yan's two questions greatly surprised him.

"What do you think these two things are?" The life-and-death fire beast just calmed down, and then said to Xiao Yan.

When Xiao Yan heard the words, he naturally knew the preciousness of these two things, but he had no choice. Now, he was only one step away from resurrecting his ancestor Xiao Xuan.

And the most important materials for refining the Soul Resurrection Pill are Gale Treasure Fruit, Canglong Dew, and Heavenly King Ginseng.

The Gale Treasure Fruit, Xiao Yan has already obtained it from Qinxin, but the latter two medicinal materials are missing. As for the body of the Emperor Dou, the six-star Dou Emperor's perfect entourage in the Ming Cult is still lying quietly in Xiao Yanna at this moment. in the ring space.

"Don't think about Canglonglu. The things of the dragon family are forbidden in the world, and the dragon family is too powerful, so it's not something we humans can afford."

"However...the Heavenly King Ginseng seems to exist in Guanghan Island." It seemed that after thinking for a while, the Fire Beast of Life and Death spoke.

"Really?" Xiao Yan immediately became happy when he heard this.

The last two medicinal herbs, no matter which one they are, are too precious, so being able to find one is enough to surprise Xiao Yan.

"I won't lie to you, I vaguely remember that there is one in Guanghan Island." The fire beast of life and death did not mean to deceive Xiao Yan.

"Okay!"

"When this is over, go to Guanghan Island and try to get that thing!" Xiao Yan made a plan in his heart.

"Now, you should be able to help me overcome the calamity." After waiting for a while, he said.

"Hey, it's alright." Xiao Yan heard the words and shook his head in embarrassment. Hearing the news of the Heavenly King Ginseng, Xiao Yan forgot all about it.

"Where are we going to escape the calamity?" Xiao Yan asked.

"Go to that molten world just now."

"Where can I increase myself, and the success rate will also increase." Life and Death Fire Beast said.

"Let's go then." Xiao Yan nodded secretly after hearing this.

"Will your tribulation lead to thunder tribulation?" On their way back. Xiao Yan had not seen the Seven Star Dou Emperor complete the tribulation of the magical beast, so he immediately asked.

"Can."

"Although the cultivation of our magical beasts is different from that of your human beings, we all rely on transcending tribulations to improve our strength, but we are a type of magical beasts, which are too strongly suppressed by heaven and earth. , you humans are much happier than me." Life and Death Fire Beast laughed.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"I see..." Xiao Yan nodded immediately after hearing this.

"It's just because those guys on the swamp area who covet the two Yiquan of life and death, the fire beasts of life and death, are not as good as us..." Xiao Yan's mouth suddenly showed a hint of sneer, obviously wanting Xiao Yan to take the lead. Xiao Yan, who took advantage of him, did not do it.

"Hahaha, you kid is really yin."

"But I like it."

"It's just a bunch of wastes who are greedy for life and fear death, but coveted the baby." The fire beast of life and death heard Xiao Yan's plan, and immediately thought it was okay, and couldn't help laughing.

"It's here." After a while, the Fire Beast of Life and Death said something directly to Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan heard the words and agreed slightly, and then the two returned to the molten world.

"What should I do?" Xiao Yan asked.

"It's very simple, you just need to gather the power of the holy flame into my body. As for the rest, leave it to me." Seeing this, the fire beast of life and death finally waited for this moment and smiled happily.

"Okay." Xiao Yan was not a procrastinator either, so he agreed directly.

"It's ready." The Fire Beast of Life and Death reminded Xiao Yan, and then he raised his head to the sky and let out a long roar. Suddenly, in the scorching molten world, huge melts burst out suddenly, and then gathered frantically towards the Fire Beast of Life and Death. .

"This guy is really crazy." Seeing this, Xiao Yan couldn't help but say that the fire beast of life and death did this, but it was the same as when he devoured the strange fire. The amount of violent violence to reach the critical line of tribulation.

"Fire!" After a while, the fire beast of life and death was covered in fiery red lava, and then roared at Xiao Yan!

"Huoxin Tianyan, give it to me!" Xiao Yan immediately called out the earthy yellow holy flame, and then the earthy yellow holy flame suddenly strung into the body of the living and dead fire beast!

"Ah, ah, ah!" The khaki-yellow holy flame had just stepped into the body of the fire beast of life and death, and the fire beast of life and death suddenly roared. Obviously, the power of this huge holy flame made life worse than death!

"Hold on, or you will lose all your achievements!" Xiao Yan seemed to be aware of the troubles of life and death fire beasts, and immediately exited.

Life and death fire beasts are very courageous, and they want to break through with the power of holy flame, but if they can't survive the ordeal in front of them, I am afraid they will be turned into ashes under holy flame. After all, holy flame is not an ordinary flame. A little bit, it can be wiped out!

"I know!"

"Ah ah ah!" The Fire Beast of Life and Death snorted coldly, obviously underestimating the power of the holy flame, but with the roar in the lava world, a series of changes also occurred in the swamp area.

"What's the matter?" Leng Fuyao should be the first to notice the abnormality.

Although Leng Fuyao's strength is not strong, as a pharmacist, I am afraid that the soul power in the entire ruins is enough to rank in the top ten.

"What's wrong?" Yueru asked slightly when she heard the words.

"The mist in this swamp has disappeared."

"And above the swamp area, there seem to be thunderclouds condensing, you see." After Leng Fuyao finished speaking, he pointed directly at the top of everyone's heads.

"Thundercloud?"

"What is this for?" Xiu Qi was shocked when she saw this.

"This thunder cloud doesn't look like it was produced by refining medicinal pills, but rather like the thunder calamity caused by the breakthrough of some magical beasts..." Qin Xin said slightly.

"The thunder calamity caused by the tribulation of monsters?" Mu Feng and Mu Yingying were both stunned, obviously not understanding what this meant.

"Some powerful magical beasts will attract the constraints of heaven and earth when they break through, so there will be thunder tribulations. Only after the thunder calamity will their strength break through."

"If the tribulation fails, the beast will fall completely!" Qin Xin explained.

"What is Xiao Yan doing..."

"How could a thunder calamity be triggered..." Several people thought slightly in their hearts, but their eyes were wary of other people.

"How could there be a thunder tribulation?" Seeing this, the five poisons were also puzzled.

"Could it be that this Xiao Yan facilitated some transaction with the monsters below?" Lin Zhu boldly guessed Obviously, Xiao Yan, even Lin Zhu, is afraid of him.

"Let's take one step at a time." After the five poisons finished speaking, they stared at the swamp area, as if a scorching temperature was slowly spreading underneath.

"Thunder Tribulation?"

"Isn't this a sign of the breakthrough of the demon beast?"

"What the **** is that Xiao Yan doing?" Xiaobi said with a puzzled face.

"I'm thinking about the guy..." Xingtaki guessed something, and opened his mouth slightly, with a smile on the corner of his mouth.

Astrology, Hoshitaki has already learned almost, so according to astrology speculation, Xiao Yan should have obtained the fire of life and death below, and the guardian should also be defeated by Xiao Yan.

"The thunder calamity of the demon beasts?" The next moment, Qi Haoran's pupils shrank tightly, staring fiercely at the terrifying thunder calamity above his head, a fear emerged from his heart.

"What the **** is Xiao Yan doing..."

"How can there be such a scorching temperature under the swampy area, and what's going on with this monster's thunder robbery?" Du Chun wondered.

This thunder calamity is clearly the thunder calamity of demon beasts, but if Xiao Yan is a demon beast, then no one will believe it, but if so, I am afraid there is only one way of saying it.

This thunder calamity was caused by the guardian below!

"Could it be that Xiao Yan was swallowed by the guardian?" Qi Haoqing was slightly surprised.

beg! ticket