Chapter Vol 4 879: inexplicable fighting spirit

"Damn, it's really bad luck!" Seeing this, Immortal Mingque said bitterly in his heart.

The Undead Mingque is the power of the fighting soul. If the Undying Mingque is made to hand over the power of the fighting soul, it will undoubtedly devour him, which makes him, who has always been arrogant, a little uncomfortable.

However, in front of the guy in the ghost world with unknown strength, the undead Mingque is vigilant.

The mysterious person is naturally Xiao Yan.

Originally, although Xiao Yan had something given by Cang Key, he was confident that he could seal the undead ghost, but before he wanted to seal it, it would be difficult to conquer.

However, when Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying came here with the Undead Mingque, Xiao Yan found that the Undead Mingque was seriously injured, and Mu Yingying was also very responsible, directly guarding the periphery of this wild land to prevent other people enter.

When Xiao Yan first appeared, he didn't know why the soul-devouring talisman in the acceptance ring poured out directly. Immediately, spooky ghosts emerged from the soul-devouring talisman. It didn't have any effect on Xiao Yan, and only then did Xiao Yan pretend to be a mysterious person.

"Soul Eater Talisman, you have absorbed so much power, it's time to do something." After listening to this sentence, the Lord of Soul Eater was directly kicked by the Golden Dragon King to the cashier ring, which made Xiao Yan incarnate as a disguised ghost. The appearance of people in the world.

"Fighting, it's a big deal, both sides will suffer. If you want to let my fighting spirit with dignified fighting power be swallowed up, just think about it..." Immortal Mingque said proudly.

"Seventh layer breaking the sky ruler!"

"The fifth foot, the prisoner's ruler!" The next moment, Xiao Yan used the ghostly energy that emerged from the Soul Eater Talisman to directly display the fifth foot of the seventh-layered sky-shattering ruler!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Seventh level breaking the sky ruler, according to Xiao Yan’s current situation, there is no problem in cultivating to the fifth foot, and Xiao Yan is confident that the seventh level breaking the sky ruler is seven feet great, I am afraid that he can have a fight without stepping into the ninth rank Dou Di. Power!

"Boom boom boom!" As soon as Xiao Yan attacked, the Immortal Nether Sparrow's body was immediately enveloped by an extremely bright ghostly aura!

"Ah ah ah!" Facing the eerie and eerie ghost qi, the Undead Nether Sparrow shouted, trying to use the power of flame to dissolve it, but the next moment, the flame touched the black ghost qi, but it had no effect. That ghost qi was still transformed into a huge black qi cage, trapping the undead ghost bird firmly!

"Cunning human beings!" Facing Xiao Yan's elusive spirit, the immortal Mingque was beaten without any temper, and could only resent it.

"Give up the struggle, you can't crack this thing." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

Joke, this ghostly energy is caused by the Soul Eater Talisman. Although Xiao Yan doesn't know how powerful the Soul Eater Talisman is, how can he be ordinary if he can rank among the Twelve Evil Soldiers in the Ghost Realm?

"Humph!"

"Although I'm bound by you, but I look at your aura, I don't think you have the strength to fight immortals, right?"

"The fighting spirit can only be swallowed by the strong fighting immortals. You don't have the strength of fighting immortals, how can you devour me?"

"Hahaha!" Although the undead Mingque had nowhere to go, he laughed at this time.

"Haha, that's not necessarily true." Xiao Yan had long expected that the Undead Mingque would have such a move, and said with a smile.

"What do you think this is?" After a while, Xiao Yan took out a mysterious object directly from his arms.

"How can it be!"

"How could this thing be in your hands?" When he saw the mysterious thing in Xiao Yan's hand, the pride of the undead ghost suddenly died and became extremely shocked.

What caught the eyes of the immortal ghost was Xiao Yan's hand, a piece of paper the size of a fist, but with a silver light all over it!

"This thing."

"Cang Key gave it to me." Xiao Yan also knew that the relationship between the undead Ming Sparrow and Cang Key in front of him seemed to be quite unusual, which could be seen from the fighting spirit alone leading away other strong men.

"Cang Key gave it to you?"

"Where's Cang Key?" Immortal Mingque asked immediately after hearing this.

"I helped her solve the ghost twins, so she left."

"Should be looking for something," Xiao Yan said.

"Are you helping her solve the Netherworld Twins?"

"impossible!"

"What can't be solved by Cangyao's dignified fighting power, how can you be a strong person who is not even a fighting fairy?" said Undead Mingque.

"Is this enough?" Xiao Yan was too lazy to talk nonsense with Dou Soul, so he directly summoned his Fire Heart Tianyan Sacred Flame.

With the appearance of the holy flame and the silver piece of paper, the Undead Mighty Sparrow shut up slightly.

"Ugh……"

"He's really jealous of Yingcai."

"I'm willing to follow you." The undead Mingque seemed to have thought about it, and said to Xiao Yan.

"This guy, won't lie to me?" Xiao Yan was equally surprised.

"Okay, boy, I was originally raised by Fairy Jiaoyue and Cang Key. If Cang Key didn't help me back then, I'm afraid I would no longer exist now, so since you are identified by Cang Key, then I will not die. Mingque will agree with her this time!" said the immortal Mingque.

"Agree?" Xiao Yan was confused by these words, but he didn't bother to care.

"Take your black robe, let me see if your strength and attributes are suitable for mine."

"Although only the Dou Xian powerhouse can devour the Dou Soul, the Dou Di Peak powerhouse can also give it a try." Undead Mingque said quite enthusiastically.

"Hehe." Hearing this, Xiao Yan smiled awkwardly, then took the black robe away to reveal his face.

"So young?" Seeing Xiao Yan's extremely youthful appearance, the undead Mingque was surprised.

"Six-star Dou Di is complete?" The next moment, after feeling Xiao Yan's exact strength, the immortal bird's head was full of black lines.

"What the hell, your six-star Dou Di's perfect strength, how did you get the holy flame, and how did you get the approval of Cang Key..." Undead Mingque said in a very puzzled waySenior, I too Very helpless. Xiao Yan frowned, he could feel that if he could absorb this fighting spirit, he might have a qualitative leap in his strength.

"No, Six-Star Dou Di's perfect strength is too dangerous. You can't absorb my power, or you will explode in an instant." Undead Mingque shook her head and said.

"Then what should we do now?" Xiao Yan asked after hearing this.

"Isn't there that piece of paper?"

"This is Cang Key's token, and it is also a sealing force."

"It can temporarily seal me in your body, and when you are strong enough in the future, it will absorb my power." The Undead Mingque said.

"Since that's the case, let's get started." Xiao Yan said directly without hesitation.

"This process may be a little difficult. If you can't bear it, I'm afraid you will fail. When that time comes, you..." Undead Mingque said worriedly.

"Don't worry, I can bear it." Xiao Yan said confidently.

"Begin!" After the undead Mingque finished speaking, Xiao Yan scattered the prisoner straight away. The undead Mingque had no other meaning and came directly to Xiao Yan. At this moment, the soul-devouring talisman in Xiao Yan's body It was also taken back directly by Xiao Yan.

"Undead Mingque, this kid is strong enough in the future, I'm afraid he might try Undying Fire."

"If he gets the immortality fire, it will have a lot of benefits for him." The Golden Dragon King was in the ring and looked at Xiao Yan with joy, but the Golden Dragon King also knew that it would not be long before he would be able to to the day you start.