Chapter 379: Time of life and death!

With the appearance of this mysterious black-clothed man, Xiao Yan's pupils became solemn for the first time, and Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes also turned slightly, obviously he also discovered the power of this mysterious black-clothed man!

This breath is stronger than the twin ghost emperors who were half-step eight-star fighting emperors in the corpse forest that day...

Xiao Yan also turned his eyes quickly, and then quietly mobilized the vindictive energy in his body, slowly condensing extremely terrifying fluctuations in a certain part of his body!

After Mu Yingying saw the man in black, Mei Mu was also slightly surprised. Although it was very weak, she really seemed to feel a faint aura from the man in black!

But the next moment, Mu Yingying also understood the importance of this matter, and immediately became vigilant!

"Senior, what do you mean?" Xiao Yan also said, the next moment, something terrifying was brewing in his hand.

No matter what the man in black in front of him is going to do, he must still have some means of self-protection.

But Xiao Yan, relying on his huge soul power, also discovered that the strength of the man in black in front of him is probably the same as his own uncle Mu Xuzi!

"Haha, it doesn't make any sense. I came here this time just to get the same thing with the two of you." The man in black also said indifferently, but the confident voice in his voice really reached Xiao Yan. ear.

"Oh, what?" Xiao Yan also said calmly, but he was vigilant in his heart.

"The visitor is not good!" This was Xiao Yan's first thought in his heart!

After all, this is the territory of the Xuanling royal family, and only the Xuanling royal family knows this well.

"Take the lives of the two of you." The mysterious man in black also said indifferently.

After speaking, the man in black didn't stop there, he stretched out his dark palm, and a terrifying wave appeared spontaneously on the palm of his hand!

This wave just appeared, and there was also a wave of destruction in the space of the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation.

"Old bastard!" Xiao Yan also shouted angrily, and then in his palm, a lotus of annihilation flashing twenty-three colors also appeared out of thin air in his hand. Yan also did not hesitate, and instantly attacked the palm of the man in black viciously.

"Give up resistance, I am the enshrined of the Xuanling royal family." Even if the man in black noticed such a terrifying lotus of annihilation on Xiao Yan's palm, he was not indifferent, obviously thinking that he had already The ticket is generally in hand.

"Offering?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's face also became ugly.

Because this enshrinement hall of the Xuanling royal family is, to put it bluntly, the people in the dragon-loving army!

There are ten people in the Dragon Addiction Legion. Among them, seven of them have joined the worship hall of the Xuanling Royal Family, and only three of them have not joined!

And the enshrinement hall of the Xuanling royal family, its strength is at least the level of the seven-star fighting emperor!

On the other hand, the man in black in front of him had reached the level of an eight-star Dou Di. With such a terrifying powerhouse, Xiao Yan asked himself, the chance of escaping today is very small.

"Is that what King Xuanling meant?" At the next moment, although Xiao Yan was extremely solemn in his heart, in order not to let the man in black see it, he pretended to be calm.

Afterwards, Xiao Yan also had a soul force that quietly penetrated into Mu Yingying's body.

With the contact of this soul force, Mu Yingying also discovered that Xiao Yan's pupils in front of him actually had a strong desire for war!

And the message conveyed by that soul power is that Xiao Yan held the man in black by himself and let Mu Yingying go first!

"No!" Mu Yingying also knew Xiao Yan's plan, and then shook her head suddenly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"What a joke!"

"This is an eight-star Dou Di-level powerhouse, I don't agree!"

"I absolutely disagree!" Mu Yingying's beautiful eyes also flashed a hint of decisiveness, and then she said decisively.

"If you don't leave, both of us will die here!" The next moment, Xiao Yan was also using his soul power to communicate with this Mu Yingying.

"I only know that you will die if you go on like this." Mu Yingying also said coldly, and then she said no matter how Xiao Yan was there, the blue flames all over her body instantly filled out, and then there was a horror that Xiao Yan had never seen before. The temperature is also diffused out!

Even Xiao Yan's soul realm was slightly scorched by this azure flame!

"Have you negotiated?"

"Then die!" The man in black had just discovered the conversation between Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying using their soul power, but they did not stop them.

Because the space of the Nine Fishes Playing Dragon Formation has been sealed up by him with his powerful energy, no one can leave unless a powerhouse at the peak of Dou Di comes!

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan also shouted loudly, and then the lotus of annihilation in the palm of his hand also smashed viciously at the black clothes!

The man in black was covered up by a black cloak, and only stretched out his slightly cracked palm, and in his palm, a golden aura that contained the wave of death also appeared instantly!

Then the next moment, the man in black moved, and the terrifying force of death on his palm also roared towards Xiao Yan!

Everywhere the man in black passed, the space trembled slightly!

"Shabu Shabu!" Facing the all-out blow from this powerful eight-star Dou Di, Xiao Yan could smell the extremely strong killing intent on the man in black from a distance!

This is obviously like killing Xiao Yan and the two!

The next moment, a blood mist suddenly appeared in Xiao Yan's pupils and the lotus of annihilation on the palm of his hand was forcibly thrown on the path of the man in black.

The lotus of annihilation has a character, and an extremely terrifying power also emanates from it.

"Boom boom boom!" The lotus of annihilation was also in contact with the terrifying attack of the man in black!

As soon as they touched it, the lotus of annihilation emerged with extremely hot temperature and terrifying destructive power, and then burst into circles of hot flame ripples.

On the other hand, looking at the man in black, even in the face of Xiao Yan's strongest blow, the Lotus of Quiet, there was not too much displeasure, his face sank slightly, and then the power on his palm also exploded!

The next moment, the terrifying golden aura of the man in black also directly drowned Xiao Yan's lotus of annihilation!

The stalemate between the two has not lasted for a second, and the seemingly terrifying lotus of annihilation was forcibly broken away by the man in black!

"It's really a weird fighting skill!"

"However, the perfect strength of your four-star Dou Emperor will not change anything. After all, the four-star Dou Emperor and the Eight-star Dou Emperor have a difference in quality during this period."

"So today, it's a mortal situation." The man in black broke through the lotus of annihilation in a blink of an eye, and then he didn't stop at all, and then roared away at the place where Xiao Yan was!

The monstrous energy that contained terrifying killing intent on the palm of the hand also increased rather than decreased!

"It seems that today, the skin has fallen off." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, a rare bloodthirsty appeared in his eyes.

Ask for tickets!