Chapter Vol 4 1974: Another hidden grievance?

In the mountain range where the guardian lives, there is a stone wall. On the stone wall are clearly depicted many figures of the Xiao family. Among them, the figure of the Xiao family patriarch is the most magnificent. At the same time, this guy is also the guy that Feng Waner hates the most!

"Xiao Yuntian!!!" Looking at the phantom that appeared above Xiao Yan's head, Feng Wan'er's pupils shrank tightly, and an extremely terrifying anger erupted like a volcano.

A large part of Feng Wan'er's hatred of the Xiao family came from this Xiao family patriarch. As for the specific reason, Feng Wan'er did not tell the guardian.

"Hehe, little guy, you really have the guts." Listening to Feng Wan'er's roar, the phantom old man first smiled at him. He didn't expect Xiao Yan to finish it so quickly.

"Senior, you have hurt your descendants." Xiao Yan forced a smile and replied, obviously Xiao Yan didn't know that the patriarch of the Xiao clan had a trace of power left in him, otherwise he wouldn't have to fight so much.

"Cough cough... It's true that we were wrong about what happened at the beginning."

"I'm sorry, Xiaofeng." The phantom man smiled lightly, and then looked at Feng Wan'er who was in anger, his voice was full of sincerity, as if he was really admitting his mistake.

"Xiao Yuntian!"

"What qualifications do you have to step in here?"

"What right do you have to say sorry?"

"At the beginning, we were the guardians, thousands of elites, helping you Xiao clan to maintain order in the clan with all their hearts and manage countless vassal races, but what about you?" , it became more and more intense, and it had a vague tendency to break the sky, its voice became hideous, her chest heaved violently, and she roared, she wanted to smash Xiao Yuntian into ten thousand pieces!

"I don't know the specifics of what happened at the beginning, because after the end of the war between heaven and earth, we were busy dispersing around, going to clear the residual evil of the extraterritorial evil clan in our respective realms... When we turned around, the guardians were dead and injured. Exhausted, and we just wanted to find the murderer, but were attacked by a mysterious powerhouse, so..." Xiao Yuntian's phantom voice contained a deep self-blame and a hint of hesitation, as if all this was done by someone else's calculations middle.

At the beginning, the Xiao Clan paid a very heavy price to deal with the extraterritorial evil clan. After the end of the First World War, after the power of the extraterritorial evil clan was suppressed and expelled, Xiao Yan suffered an unprecedented attack, whether it was a vassal race or a guardian. , none were spared.

"Not sure?"

"Our guardian lineage did our best to rule the countless vassal racial forces for your Xiao clan, but in the end they were all executed by you. Am I wrong?" Feng Wan'er pressed hard step by step, roaring, in the voice The monstrous anger contained in it is also difficult to contain.

"In the beginning, whether it was our Xiao clan or the guardians, I always felt that something was wrong, because it was too strange, I suspect..." Xiao Yuntian spoke softly, trying to calm Feng Wan'er's anger.

"You doubt?"

"Don't doubt it!"

"It was none other than you, Xiao Yuntian, who led the army to attack and kill our guardian back then!" Behind Feng Wan'er, there were thousands of cold runes, surpassing too many forces in the world. , will instantly turn into dust.

"Impossible... There must be some misunderstanding in this!" Xiao Yuntian heard the words, the phantom body was also suddenly shocked, and there was a hint of contemplation in the dark pupils, and he denied it directly.

As the patriarch of the Xiao clan, he leads countless powerhouses, and is in charge of the order of the clan, but he knows that no one in the Xiao clan can do something that is diabolical!

"Hahaha!"

"impossible?"

"Among our guardians, several great masters of Samsara were personally beheaded by you. Countless of us saw it with our own eyes. When they fell, they personally confirmed your strength. Whether it is strength or appearance, they are exactly the same as you?"

"What's your quibble now?" Feng Wan'er roared, the cold rune behind him has been brewed, and he directly questioned.

At that time, the patriarch of the Xiao clan brought some elites and attacked them at night. At that time, she was just a baby in the swaddling clothes. Countless flames and blood spilled out, roaring and crying, and even the remaining guardians. Among them, countless close relatives fell in that killing.

"Damn...you are too angry now, I'm afraid this matter can only be discussed in the long run."

"I won't let you let this attack go." Xiao Yuntian shook his head slightly, and immediately said, he knew that Feng Wan'er was furious now, no matter what she was talking about, she wouldn't listen, but it was clearly impossible. do it yourself.

"No need, this hatred never ends."

"As long as I, Feng Wan'er, live in the world for one day, I will kill all your descendants of the Xiao family!"

"Suffer to death!" Feng Wan'er's voice was extremely sharp, and then the ice rune behind her shook gently, projecting it directly at Xiao Yuntian above Xiao Yan's head!

In an instant, the situation changed color, and countless cracks in the size of ten thousand zhang emerged, and the void was directly twisted and shattered by it, and a touch of power shocked everyone's hearts.

"What the **** is going on here?" Xiao Yan heard the words and looked at the two who were fighting in the sky, and was immediately confused.

The guardians of the Xiao clan are like housekeepers, helping the Xiao clan manage the countless vassal races in the lower realm, but why did the Xiao clan kill them?

Is there any misunderstanding in this?

Or did someone do it maliciously?

But it can cause misunderstandings or even misunderstandings among the great masters of reincarnation. Is there really that kind of power or divine object in this world?

"Mistress, you have also seen Yan Yan's resurrection immortality sorcery just now. The grievances from ten thousand years ago are very likely to be a misunderstanding!" After a while, Su Xueying frowned and roared loudly. The family also hates it very much, but now with Xiao Yan's actions and Xu Shao's appearance, she has regained a lot of sanity.

"Fall for me!" At this time, Feng Wan'er couldn't listen to any poison. The extremely cold ice talisman, like an ice flower, bloomed completely in a very gorgeous appearance.

In an instant, the entire void was completely shattered, and countless cracks emerged one after another.

"The rest is up to you." At this moment, Xiao Yuntian slowly shook his head, and his body suddenly swelled. Protecting Xiao Yan and the two in one fell swoop, he muttered.

The aftermath spread for a few minutes before it was completely over, and in the entire space, a breath of awakening like a giant dragon emerged from the shattered void!

There are many young people who have just come out of the retreat, but more of them are old people, even Seven Stars or even Eight Star Fighting Immortals, there are several!

At this moment, they were suspended in the air, their eyes slowly looking towards the top of the mountain, and even when they saw Xiao Yan's body, a shocking killing intent swept out!

Please remember this book's first domain name: . Tang San Chinese website mobile version reading website: