Chapter Vol 4 1465: Hidden Soul Club 4 heroes, Mo Yu!

"Weng Om!" In the Demon Suppression Prison haunted by demonic energy, there are extremely evil demonic energy creeping everywhere in the sky. While these demonic energy is creeping, the anger of the entire Demon Suppressing Prison is set off like hell. It is extraordinarily evil. People feel the breath in it at will, and it will produce a disturbing breath, which makes many strong people who enter the Demon Suppression Prison to participate in the competition in their hearts.

"Big brother." The two of Xiao Yan walked towards the depths from the edge of the Demon Suppression Prison, and they did not encounter any tyrannical evil things along the way, at most some evil things in the early and middle stages of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, so even now , the points in Xiao Yan's hand have only just reached 200.

Although 200 points is a lot, but if you want to exchange for the swallowing inflammation technique, it is obviously a distance of 108,000 miles.

"It's really not that easy to get points." After killing an evil object, Xiao Yan said helplessly when he saw the number on the Demon Suppressing Stone jumping to 210.

The place where the two were located should be at the very edge of the Demon Suppression Prison. Most of the evil things that emerged were of average strength, so the point acquisition was extremely slow.

As for Xiao Gui, there is no need for it, so he has no intention to obtain points, so he gave all of his points to Xiao Yan.

"There... there seems to be something?" Immediately, a ghostly energy lingered on Xiao Gui's body, and he immediately looked at a gloomy lake several hundred meters away from the two of them. Xiao Gui frowned and said.

Xiao Yan didn't know why. Xiao Gui clearly had the strength of the middle stage of the Three Star Fighting Immortals, but he did not have any attack power. Moreover, Xiao Gui couldn't remember anything above the Li Soul Realm, as if he had lost his memory. Therefore, Xiao Yan is responsible for protecting Xiao Gui along the way.

However, Xiao Yan guessed that the memory above Li Soul Territory was sealed by some powerhouses, but the current Xiao Yan cannot break it. That kind of seal cannot be said to be good or bad, but according to Xiao Yan's guess, it must be the same. His mother's partner temporarily sealed Xiao Gui from being wanted by Li Hunyu high-level officials.

Otherwise, with the noble status of Xiao Gui's mother, Xiao Gui would not have been exiled so easily.

"Tear and tear!"

"Let's go and have a look." A gust of gloomy wind blew past, and immediately filled the sky with demonic energy, which made the lake water surface extremely eerie and terrifying, as if some terrifying creature was about to emerge, Xiao Yan immediately said.

As soon as the voice fell, the two figures suddenly approached the lake like ghosts.

"Susu..."

"Die!" The two of them just approached the surface of the water, and suddenly a voice full of evil aura suddenly brought up dozens of sky-shattering waves, which emerged from under the water surface, and a huge blood-colored energy palm madly faced Xiao. Yantian Linggai patted it.

"Shabu Shabu!" Saying that it was too late, that was fast, Xiao Yan turned around and avoided this seemingly tyrannical blow.

"Squeak." Although he avoided the deadly attack of the blood-colored energy palm, its energy overflowed and slowly stained the corner of Xiao Yan's clothes, and then the corner of Xiao Yan's clothes instantly turned into powder.

"Big brother, are you all right?" Xiao Gui hurriedly asked when he saw this.

"It's alright... there seems to be something interesting here." Xiao Yan smiled slightly, and then his eyes were fixed on the water surface below. There seemed to be some creatures moving rapidly under the water surface.

"Get out of here!" In an instant, Xiao Yan roared angrily, accompanied by an incomparably hot wave of flames, instantly covering the entire lake.

"Crash!" And following Xiao Yan's actions, a huge hole slowly emerged above the water surface, and a human-like figure slowly stood in front of the two of them.

"Human?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan said in surprise. Obviously, the aura on this guy's body is clearly not a figure in the Demon Suppression Prison, but is full of human anger, but in that anger, it contains Extremely large water properties.

"Hehe, the sense of smell is good." The man immediately grinned at Xiao Yan when he emerged from under the water.

What caught Xiao Yan's sight was a man with a lean complexion. The man was about the same age as Xiao Yan. He was dressed in a blue robe and exuded a stern aura. The most important thing was this guy's strength. , actually reached the level of the late Samsung Dou Xian!

"The aura of this guy's figure seems to be familiar?" Seeing the figure that just emerged from under the lake, Xiao Yan suddenly muttered to himself, obviously the aura of this guy seemed to be something he had encountered before.

"The aura on this guy seems to be the same as the guys who just came to the sea of ​​dust?" The next moment, Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul force also noticed something and was surprised.

"A person from the Hidden Soul Society?" Xiao Yan looked at the guy in front of him vigilantly, and suddenly said slowly.

"I can't see that you have a second chance." The man glanced at Xiao Yan slowly, just about to start, but he looked at Xiao Gui who was beside him. From Xiao Gui, he felt a strange aura. .

"Wong buzzing!"

"What are those guys calling me for?"

"Forget it... I'll settle the account with you next time." After the man finished speaking, something seemed to flicker in his body, apparently calling for his companions. Immediately, he was bathed in a wave of water. Get ready to escape from herewhere to run! "Seeing this, Xiao Yan transformed into a flame elf, with tyrannical flame power, and attacked the man in an instant.

"Hey, if it wasn't for something important to do, I'm afraid now you should be my defeat."

"I'm not afraid to tell you that the powerhouses on the Eastern Continent seem to be besieged by the people on the Western Continent. If you don't go, I'm afraid..."

"By the way, I am one of the four heroes of the Hidden Soul Society, Mo Yu." After the Mo Yu man finished speaking, he disappeared here in an instant.

"This bastard..."

"Xiao Gui, go!" Xiao Yan cursed in a low voice at the disappearing Mo Yu, and then took Xiao Gui to a certain place in the Demon Suppression Prison.

Xiao Yan and Duo Qifei are connected with the power of thunder, so Xiao Yan can perceive Duo Qifei's position, and at this time, relying on the subtle connection, Xiao Yan is surprised to find that Duo Qifei's breath, Seems to be getting weaker gradually.

As soon as the two of them finished speaking, they immediately walked towards a certain place in the Demon Suppression Prison without stopping.

"Why did the Hidden Soul enter the Demon Suppression Prison? Are they planning something?"

"And there seems to be other strong people in this Demon Suppression Prison..."

"Is the Soul Venerable powerhouse of the Soul Palace..."

"It seems that they all came here staring at the Poisonous Demon Empress..."

"Well, this time, I'll take this little guy to see what a real powerhouse of the evil race from outside the realm is, and maybe he can obliterate the Demon Empress of Poison Sha."

"Hehe." Since Mo Yu disappeared, the Master of Soul Eater immediately noticed some things that were difficult for ordinary people to notice, and smiled maliciously.