Chapter 55: Fight against the guardian of the peak of the 3-star Doudi!

Taking a look at the surrounding battles, Wu Huan and the others who were walking faster and faster, Xiao Yan let out a slow sigh of relief, it seemed that they had the upper hand in dealing with them.

Xiao Yan also turned his gaze back to the gray guardian. The majestic Dou Qi in his body trembled slightly, and a surging red Dou Qi turned out, roaring and rushing along the meridians like a flood, and finally poured out of the body, suddenly pulling his strength. Rise to the top!

The huge Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was removed from Xiao Yan's back. The Yihuo Heng ancient ruler was wrapped in milky white fighting qi. The tyrannical fighting qi caused the space around the heavy ruler to fluctuate slightly. Xiao Yan raised his head and clenched the handle of the ruler with his palm. , tilted his head to Yueru and Liu Yin and said lightly, "Quick fight, don't be dragged on for too long."

Yueru and Liu Yin also nodded slightly, the former's blue-colored fighting qi burst out from her body, and the dazzling blue light made her almost like a towering tree on the ground, extremely conspicuous.

Seeing this, the latter also refused to admit defeat. He activated his entire body of fighting qi, bursts of ice-blue fighting qi burst out from his body, and the small cold on his shoulders also exuded an astonishing chill.

"Xiao Yan, give me a few minutes!"

Liu Yin also looked at Xiao Yan, obviously planning something.

She seemed to be feeling the fierce fighting spirit surging up behind her. Although she didn't know what Liu Yin wanted to do, since she could be called Heaven's Pride, she should have some skills.

Xiao Yan also nodded at Liu Yin. The two in front of them are truly worthy of the heaven's favored sons. Their strengths are indeed extraordinary. Immediately, the soles of their feet lifted slightly, and they landed with a bang. It was a milky white flame light and shadow, carrying the violent sound of oppressive wind, and shot at the icy guardian in front of him.

The violent oppressive wind blew the gray clothes of the guardian in front of him tightly against the skin, but the guardian's face was fearless, he sneered, and a silver long skirt spear appeared out of thin air, and then the silver spear suddenly shook, The silver Dou Qi flashing with electric light was like small snakes, covering the spear body. The guardian clenched the handle of the spear with his right hand and shouted loudly. The spear turned into a silver light and shot at Xiao Yan's neck extremely fiercely.

"Ding ding ding!"

The huge gray figure suddenly stood upright, and the silver rays of light were straight on the mysterious ancient ruler. Can not help shaking slightly.

The fierce attack was blocked, the gray guardian's face did not change in the slightest, and his arm suddenly shook, with a silver gas like electric light, rushing out along the silver spear, and finally turned into a few illusory silver spear shadows, strange He avoided the defense of Xiao Yan's Yihuo Henggu Ruler and stabbed Xiao Yan's head behind him.

The terrifying silver fighter gun shadow with electric light made a chirp sound as it passed through the air.

The attack power of thunder-type Dou Qi is quite impressive. Xiao Yan was on the Dou Qi Continent, and he felt it when he was discussing with his second brother, Xiao Li, so naturally he would not despise them. A few roared like angry dragons. The silver gun shadow that came in rapidly enlarged in the pitch-black pupils, Xiao Yan's body was shocked, and the majestic milky white fighting qi burst out. In an instant, it solidified into a milky-white energy wall in front of the three of them. The three of Xiao Yan were tightly wrapped in it, and the silver gun shadow ruthlessly exploded in front of the energy wall that Xiao Yan had condensed.

"Boom boom boom!"

The energy wall was instantly smashed by the silver gun shadow, making a harsh sound like glass shattering.

Compared to Xiao Yan, he had long expected that the guardian in front of him had the dignified strength of the three-star Dou Di peak, and his energy defense wall obviously could not stop his attack, but Xiao Yan did not do that!

"The flame divides the wave ruler!"

Xiao Yan's hand slowly protruded the ancient ruler of strange fire. Suddenly, the terrifying milky-white hot energy that surrounded him became more vigorous at this moment, and even the space around him was slightly distorted at this moment.

A substantive madness of white flame energy suddenly erupted from Xiao Yan's body in Xiao Yan's soft shout, and then poured into the strange fire eternal ancient ruler in Xiao Yan's hand. And enter.

With such a terrifying energy infusion, I can only see that the original black Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler has twenty-three strange colors, which makes people look extraordinarily strange, and the Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler seems to be swirling around. Like a thousand flames...

"Oh, this flame is a bit strange."

The gray figure holding a silver spear in front of him also saw Xiao Yan's attack and couldn't help but say, "I rarely meet people with such special flames, so I couldn't help but be a little interested in Xiao Yan in front of him.

The white-clothed man on the stone steps turned his head and glanced at the flame and ruler on Xiao Yan's body, as if he had said something to the gray guardian in front of Xiao Yan.

It was obvious that Xiao Yan's attack contained a terrifying power of flame, and even the gray guardian who was stronger than the one in front of him had the slightest interest in the power of flame on Xiao Yan's body.

While the gray figure exclaimed in surprise, he also pumped his thunder-attribute vindictive energy into the silver spear in his hand, and then savagely attacked the fighting skills launched by Xiao Yan's Eternal Fire Eternal Ancient Ruler!

"Puff puff!"

The Eternal Fire Eternal Ruler exuding terrifying flame power and the silver spear surrounded by silver snakes collided viciously together!

The terrifying fighting spirit radiated from the battlefield where Xiao Yan and the gray figure faced off.

"This Xiao Yan is really terrifying!"

The rest, who were dealing with their respective guardians, felt this attack from Xiao Yan, and could not help but frown slightly. Xiao Yan, who was in the early days of the Three Star Dou Emperor, could launch such a powerful attack. It was already very powerful, and the powerful one seemed to be The milky white flames on him...

Everyone didn't dare to be distracted Then they fought with their respective partners and dealt with the guardians.

Just as the gun shadow silver snake dissipated, Xiao Yan abruptly took a step forward, a heavy ruler in his hand flew out horizontally, the huge force brought a sharp sonic boom that ripped through the air, and smashed it hard at the guardian's head.

The terrifying energy created by the swing of the heavy ruler. The corners of De Yueru's eyes couldn't help but jump. After seeing Xiao Yan's battles with her own eyes, she only knew how terrifying the latter's power was.

On the soles of the gray guardian's feet, silver light suddenly poured out, and his body shook.

"Pfft!" With a sound, the silver light flashed, and his figure actually flashed back nearly five or six meters. The speed was astonishingly fast.

"Okay, it's frozen!"

An excited voice came from behind Xiao Yan.

Xiao Yan took a look and saw that it was Liu Yin who had been brewing something since just now.

The moment Liu Yin spoke, there were also some ice-blue ice cubes on the soles of the feet of the gray guardian who was confronting Xiao Yan. Obviously, this was due to Liu Yin's ice-blue grudge.

"Xiaohan, come on!"

Liu Yin's words just fell, and her toes were a little bit, and her petite body was swept out, and finally landed on the icy blue Xiaohan.

It is strange to say that Xiaohan, who was originally insignificant, actually swelled several times under Liu Yin's words, enough to hold five people standing!

She stretched out her hand and pressed it on the back of the icy blue bird.

Boo!

In the eyes of the originally icy blue bird, it seemed that the light of spirituality passed through it at this time, fluttering its wings and flapping its wings.

The ice feathers are incomparably sharp and extremely cold.

Swish swish!

"Let's go!"