Chapter Vol 4 898: disturb!

"what?"

"Someone entered the underground palace?" In the palace of the Xuanling royal family, the two figures of Xuanyin and Xuanyang appeared here, and the two respectfully said to the man in the golden robe in front of them.

The golden-robed man exuded a strange aura all over his body, and his exclaimed voice reverberated throughout the palace. He was the Xuanling King!

"Who is it?" After a while, King Xuanling asked, but he was extremely surprised.

Outside the underground palace, the defenses are strong, but if someone breaks in, why would no one report it to you?

And if the gods entered without knowing it, I am afraid that the strength of those people can be imagined.

"Others don't know, but we clearly remember that among the seven, the weakest person is about the same as me, and even some are stronger than you, my king." Xuan Yang said tremblingly.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

When he thought that among the seven-member team, there was someone who was more terrifying than King Xuanling, Xuan Yang couldn't help but click his tongue.

"Seven people?"

"The weakest one is about the same as you."

"Seven strong men who have at least stepped into the Nine-Rank Nine-Star Dou Di..." Xuanling King kept thinking about it. Obviously, the only one who can take this kind of battle now is the super sect of Xuan Santian.

"By the way, Ling Mengsheng, the master of the Fenxiang Pavilion's ground hall, is also among them." Xuanyin said suddenly.

"what?"

"This bastard!" The next moment, King Xuanling heard the words and immediately scolded, but the anger in his words could no longer be suppressed!

King Xuanling also knew that Lingmengsheng hated the evil people from outside the realm, so for the safety of his sister, he did a little trick to deceive Lingmengsheng. With Reimu's temper, I'm afraid...

"What happened to Muqing?" King Xuanling asked.

"Princess Xuanmuqing was found by Lingmengsheng and his party." Xuanyin said.

"immediately!"

"Go to the underground palace immediately!"

"Let's go!" King Xuanling heard the words, and there was a hint of chill in his eyes. Xuanmuqing was one of the few factions that supported him, and he was also his cousin, so it was impossible for King Xuanling to let her have an accident.

"My king, Ling Mengsheng has indeed found the princess, but it's not as you imagined..." Xuanyin seemed to see the seriousness of the matter and spoke instantly.

"What's the explanation for this?" King Xuanling asked with a frown.

"My subordinates can tell that Ling Mengsheng really loves Princess Xuanmuqing, so..." Xuanyin said.

"Also, it seems that the purpose of this trip is not just to rescue Princess Xuanmuqing. After they rescued Princess Xuanmuqing, they continue to go to the fifth floor of the underground palace!" Xuanyin said.

Xuanyin and Xuanyang are of course the guardians of the fourth floor of the underground palace, but in the underground palace, each floor is clearly guarded, and even they don't know what else is below.

"Oh?" At this moment, King Xuanling's eyes moved quickly, thinking about something.

The fifth floor of the underground palace, where is the place where the strong blood demons live, these seven people should be the people of the Burning Incense Pavilion. If they discover the remaining power of the blood demons, I am afraid they will be destroyed at all costs. But just...

"You guys, go down and rest first."

"Stay ready to fight at any time." King Xuanling said.

"Yes." Xuanyin and the two agreed, and then slowly retreated.

With the departure of the two, only King Xuanling remained in the palace.

"Come out." King Xuanling sat on the golden dragon chair and said slightly.

After a while, a faint blood-red aura appeared in King Xuanling's body, and the blood-red aura was extremely evil, like an evil race from outside the realm.

"King Xuanling, it seems that the people in Burning Incense Pavilion can't sit still anymore."

"I am afraid that they are going to the underground palace this time for Yanchi." The blood-red aura was a trace of the source power of the Gorefiend, the strongest of the Gorefiends.

"Haha, it's okay."

"It just so happens that the old immortal coveted Saint Flame and the ancestor of the mysterious spirit who was sealed by Medusa's petrified pupil for a long time. Now I can use the people from the Burning Incense Pavilion to weaken the power of the old immortal."

"If the kill can be completed..." King Xuanling's eerie and eerie voice smiled slowly.

"It's really a tiger's father without a dog's son." Gorefiend's source power said something, and then opened his mouth.

"Gore Demon, when will your body come to the Xuanling Continent?" King Xuanling asked as if he had remembered something.

"This is a bit difficult."

"Above the Xuanling Continent, the exclusion for me is too great, even if the main body comes, it will be suppressed by the Xuanling Continent's extremely powerful, and the strength is at the peak of the Emperor Dou." The blood demon said the source of power.

"In this case……"

"You'd better go to the fifth floor of the underground palace and put away your children, otherwise it will affect the plan behind us." King Xuanling glanced at the blood demon and then said.

"That's what I mean." The Gorefiend didn't want to talk nonsense with King Xuanling, and swept away directly at a space behind the dragon chair, where it was the passage leading to the underground palace.

"Hehe, Solomon should have something to do with a certain ghost in the ghost world, so that's why."

"As for the soul clan, this strength is too mysterious, so it's better to be careful."

"But the ghost world is a very variable factor."

"And the Gorefiends..."

"When Xuan Muqing gave birth, you invaded her body without authorization. My King Xuanling will settle this account with you sooner or later."

"Blood Demon, do you just think that my King Xuanling is a fool?"

"Your condition is two-thirds of the entire Xuanling Continent But as long as your body can't come here, wait for me to rule Xuantian three days with the help of your extraterritorial evil people's power, then..."

"Hahaha." In the empty palace where there was only King Xuanling, King Xuanling laughed madly, and the voice was full of madness.

"What about the people who are addicted to the Dragon Legion?" In the deepest part of the underground palace, Elder Xuan asked Wen Zi.

"Old Xuan, the people from the Dragon-loving Legion were sent by King Xuanling to fight for the battle core, and they haven't returned yet." Wen Zi said slowly.

Wen Zi was naturally a chess piece sent by Xuanling King to pay attention to Xuan Lao's changes. He didn't know what benefits Xuanling King promised Wen Zi that he could make Wen Zi so obedient.

"This pervert!" Elder Xuan couldn't help cursing after hearing this.

"Old Xuan, calm down, your body is important," Wen Zi said.

"Go back and tell him!"

"If anything happens this time, the old man will definitely show him a good look!" Elder Xuan left a sentence, and then drove Wen Zi out.

And as Wen Zi left, in the deepest part of the underground palace, Elder Xuan said to himself, "The eyelids have been twitching recently, I don't know if it's a great blessing or a great omen."

"Old man, wait slowly, I believe you will succeed." In another void, the dark night ghost said slowly!

Three shifts today

20 tomorrow