Chapter Vol 4 889: The third floor of the underground palace, the mysterious grassland! !

"I hope this guy won't be a lunatic." Xiao Yan clearly noticed the enthusiasm in Master Lu's eyes, and couldn't help but said slightly.

"Hahaha."

"Two little friends, sit here."

"In the past few days, the two of you should not go out. To save the trouble, you may be able to see my casting here. For you, it will have a lot of advantages." Master Lu greeted Xiao Yan and Mu Ying directly. Ying sat down at the stone table beside her.

"Well, it's up to senior." Xiao Yan and Mu Yingying didn't want to go anywhere, so they sat down there, and then Xiao Yan handed the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother and the broken fairy sword to Master Lu.

"They're all good treasures." After Master Lu just took over the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother and the broken fairy sword, he immediately touched his hands gently, very cautiously!

"Hehe." Master Lu naturally had his plans in mind.

He naturally never doubted the identities of Xiao Yan and the two of them. After all, King Xuanling personally said that those who entered the second floor of the underground palace could unconditionally refine weapons for them. After all, they could enter the underground palace of the Xuanling royal family. It must have been approved by the Xuanling King.

Moreover, the biggest reason why Master Lu left Xiao Yan and the two of them was that he was going to do a very important thing. If there were no witnesses, Master Lu would be extremely lonely.

Master Lu is a powerhouse who can cast immortal-level weapons with the strength of the fifth-rank nine-star Dou Di in the entire Xuantian Santian!

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

But this broken fairy sword itself is already ranked among the fairy weapons, and now there is a yin and yang mysterious iron mother, Master Lu naturally intends to forge a fairy sword with wisdom!

It is Yun Ling!

Casting weapons and refining medicinal pills are roughly the same.

However, Rao is Master Lu's current strength. Although he has also refined some immortal artifacts, he has never refined an immortal artifact with an artifact spirit!

Immortals are powerful, but whether there is an artifact or not is a huge criterion that depends on the strength of the immortals!

In the past, it was because Master Lu was not strong enough and the materials were limited, but now it is different. It is trivial to have a rare material like Yin-Yang Black Iron Mother.

"I hope this guy won't let us down." Xiao Yan said slightly, without wasting any time, he just closed his eyes and practiced.

Mu Yingying looked at Xiao Yan who never let go of a moment, she didn't know what to think, she looked at Xiao Yan in a daze, not saying anything.

"Rise the fire!" At this time, Master Lu didn't want to talk nonsense. After all, he extracted the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother earlier, so as to prepare for his immortal artifact.

It's just that Master Lu didn't tell them that it was too easy for Master Lu to repair the broken fairy sword, and he didn't even need the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother at all.

However, since Xiao Yan said that he would add the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother to the Immortal Sword, then Master Lu was naturally happy.

"Fire!" With Master Lu's voice, immediately in front of him, in the casting platform, the Yin-Yang Mysterious Iron Mother was enveloped by a group of extremely bright flames!

Although these flames are not as powerful as holy flames and abnormal flames, they are much stronger than ordinary flames!

The materials for making the broken fairy sword are absolutely ordinary, but after being burned by the flame, there are signs of melting, but the yin and yang black iron mother is as solid as a rock.

At this time, when the second floor of the underground palace was so lively, Fen Tian and his party had already entered the third floor of the underground palace.

"How's the ban layout going?" Fen Tian asked Zhu Jin who was laying out the ban behind him.

"Okay, with this restriction, Xiao Yan and the others will definitely not be able to enter." Elder Zhu said slowly.

"Everyone, listen carefully."

"This time the plan can only be successful and not allowed to fail. Maybe it's our last action." Fen Tian said solemnly.

"Yes." As Fen Tian spoke, several other strong men also knew that this trip was no small matter.

"However, safety comes first. If the Xuanling Royal Family has backup or other mysterious powerhouses, retreat immediately!"

"Do you understand!" Fen Tian felt that he still needed to make things clear to prevent accidents.

"Understood!" With Fen Tian's solemnity, the other powerhouses also knew that they were the mainstay of Fenxiang Pavilion, and there must be no accident. Otherwise, the strength of Fenxiang Pavilion's powerhouses would decrease, and they would inevitably be bullied by other sects.

"Let's go!" Fen Tian looked at everyone with vigilance, and then nodded slightly.

As soon as Fen Tian's voice fell, everyone immediately walked towards the third floor of the underground palace, directly submerging into the light curtain in front of him.

It is strange to say that this underground palace has no passages at all, and can only enter layer by layer. As for how the members of the Xuanling royal family can enter and exit freely, I am afraid they have the secrets of the underground palace, but Fen Tian and his party, who do not know the secret, can only do it. Choose to enter layer by layer.

And the underground palace is also very strange, almost every floor is an independent space, I don't know how much resources the Xuanling royal family used to build this seven-storey underground palace.

On the third floor of the underground palace, here is an endless grassland.

The grassland is lush and green, giving people a feeling of being relaxed and happy, other than that, there is nothing.

"This is the third floor of the underground palace?"

"A strange space." Ling Mengsheng was at the front of the team, looking at the green grassland, he couldn't help but say.

"It is said that in the underground palace, there are guardians on every floor This endless green grassland, where are the guardians?" Ling Mengsheng couldn't help but said depressedly.

Except for Fen Tian and Zhu Jin, everyone else shook their heads, apparently not finding anything wrong.

"Pavilion Master, I'll go?" Zhu Lao turned his head and asked Fen Tian. Obviously, Zhu Lao seemed to have found a strong man hidden in the grassland.

"Yes." Fen Tian naturally didn't want to reveal his full strength prematurely, so he said.

When Old Zhu heard the words, he nodded secretly, and immediately disappeared in front of everyone.

"Who is it?" At this time, the strong man guarding the third floor of the underground palace also seemed to intend to have something on the grass, and immediately said angrily.

The third floor of the underground palace is an extremely wide grassland, but don't look at the lush green grassland, there is a hidden murderous intention inside!

"Get out!" The next moment, a gloomy female voice sounded slowly. At the same time, a piece of turf suddenly appeared on the green grass, and the turf suddenly turned into a middle-aged woman!

The middle-aged woman is green all over, even her skin is green.

"You are the guardian of the third floor of the underground palace?" Zhu Lao frowned slightly when he saw this. This guy's strength was only a complete eight-star Dou Di, so naturally he felt a little incredible.

"Humph!"

"Didn't you just enter the underground palace as soon as you say it!"

"Get out!"

"Otherwise, don't blame me for being ruthless!" The green woman opened her mouth slightly. She had no certainty of winning against Zhu Jin, so she had to open her mouth slightly.