Chapter Vol 4 1305: Soul Eater's guess!

Before I knew it, three days had passed since the top 50 screened and advanced to the top 25. At this moment, it was noon, and the scorching sun scorched my heart.

"Liu Qing... Are you okay?" Xiao Yan, Yu Ran Ran and Liu Qing went straight through the space formation back to the mountain where they lived, and immediately sent Yu Ran Ran back to the wooden house to rest, Xiao Yan and Liu Qing Walking leisurely in the courtyard, Xiao Yan said.

"En." Liu Qing glanced around, seeing that there was no one around, then nodded slightly.

"What?" Xiao Yan was a little puzzled by Liu Qing's actions.

"Xiao Yan, I have a question to ask you, please answer me truthfully." Liu Qing suddenly changed his weakness and said seriously.

"Tell me, as long as it doesn't involve something about my bottom line, I will tell you." Xiao Yan shrugged helplessly after hearing this.

"That thing in your body... is it really holy flame?" Liu Qing's beautiful eyes turned slightly, and she looked at Xiao Yan expectantly. Obviously, when she was on Icefire Island, Liu Qing noticed it, but she never stopped. Be sure.

"That's right." Seeing this, Xiao Yan didn't refuse. After all, with Liu Qing's identity and experience, and what happened in Icefire Island, he could more or less guess.

"Really holy flame?" Liu Qing exclaimed.

Although he already had a guess in his heart, he couldn't help but feel happy when he heard Xiao Yan's admission.

"Huoxin Tianyan is ranked thirty-fifth on the Holy Flame List." Xiao Yan said softly without any intention of concealing it.

"Sure enough!" At this time, Liu Qing was also smiling, and he didn't expect that he would be so lucky. Not long after he came to the ghost world, he met the master of the holy flame.

"I know I'm going too far, but I have an unkind request." Liu Qing seemed to have made up his mind and said to Xiao Yan.

"I know that you are not from the ghost world. I'm afraid you are only here for experience or other purposes."

"But I'm not from the ghost world, I'm human."

"I believe you have guessed it more or less. I am from the Holy See." Liu Qing said slightly.

"Yes." Xiao Yan nodded.

"I would like to ask you to lend the Holy Flame to our Holy See, in order to jointly destroy the alien race!" In the next moment, Liu Qing said enthusiastically.

"You don't need to tell me about this kind of thing, I will do it as well. After all, it is our holy flame controller's task to kill the alien race."

"However, Sheng Yan cannot be borrowed. If there is a chance in the future, I will cooperate with your Holy See to obliterate the evil race outside the territory." Xiao Yan shook his head.

It seems that this Liu Qing is still too naive. If Xiao Yan lends the Holy Flame, with the preciousness of the Holy Flame, the supreme powers of their Holy See will definitely **** them. After all, such supreme people do not care about human feelings, they only care about themselves. Benefit.

"Xiao Yan!"

"Our Holy See is well-known in the human world. You can get a lot of benefits from working with us." Liu Qing said anxiously.

"I understand your kindness, but forget it." Xiao Yan refused with a smile.

What a joke, if you fall into holy flames, I am afraid that you will become a **** of the Holy See, not to mention that you still have many missions on your shoulders.

"Oh... well." Seeing Xiao Yan's rejection, Liu Qing also said listlessly.

"It's getting late, let's go back separately." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also separated from Liu Qing.

"Liu Qing's original intention is good, but it's too simple, and I'm afraid he will also be used by the top officials of the Holy See in the future." On the way back, he obviously couldn't help shaking his head.

"Hey, then you accept her and let her suffer less. After all, this woman must have a high status in the Holy See. With your support, maybe she will be able to get the Pope's seat in the future." The next moment, The voice of the Soul Eater slowly entered Xiao Yan's mind.

"I don't dare to think about it!" Xiao Yan heard the words and completely wiped out the other thoughts in his heart!

Otherwise, his holy flame heart would start again, and even Xiao Yan couldn't bear the pain that pierced his heart.

"This Liu Qing's status in the Holy See is not low, but such a simple woman is rare. This can't help but remind me of what happened when the Lord of Soul Eater was young." Lord of Soul Eater smiled.

"What's the matter?" Xiao Yan asked curiously.

"Lord Li Soul and I originally knew each other and had a good relationship. However, after each became the Lord of the Two Domains, the relationship became hostile, and even for some unknown reason, the Lord Li Soul even brought people to attack me and tried to **** me. Soul Eater and some mysterious things, so the relationship is now like water and fire."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"However, the Master of Li Soul did a lot of wrong things when he was young, the most serious of which was to join forces with the tyrannical forces in the three worlds of the ghost world, the human world, the Buddha world, and the three worlds to join forces to seal the overlord of the demon world. I also have a relationship with the Holy See, and I forgot the specifics." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head.

"Joining the forces of the three worlds of the ghost world, the human world, the Buddha world and the three worlds to seal the overlord of the demon world?" Xiao Yan only felt a sense of dizziness upon hearing this.

In the ghost realm, just a Lishun realm can be regarded as a rather top-notch force, and the one more powerful than the Lihun realm is the center of the ghost realm.

It is said that among the seven realms, the center of each realm can be reached by ascension. As long as the strength is sufficient or the chance is coincidence, it can soar.

At the center of each of the seven worlds, rumors spread among the thousands of worlds are magical, immortal, and have the same longevity as the sky.

"Hehe, don't underestimate the demon world."

"Among the seven worlds, the strength ranking is the first in the human world, and the demon world is the second. As for the overlord of the demon world, it is the strongest who unites the entire demon world."

"Among the seven realms, there are too many forces in each realm, thus creating their own divisions. Only the demon realm, under the leadership of the overlord of the demon realm, has achieved true unity."

"And the overlord of the demon world once broke into the core area of ​​Li Soul Territory by himself, and used his own strength to deal with the powerhouses of the entire Li Soul Territory, and then retreated completely, so this guy's strength can be said to be the pinnacle. "The Soul Eater couldn't help saying.

"How can a powerhouse of this level go to attack Li Soul Realm?"

"I'm afraid that the Lord of the Soul has done something wrong to the overlord of the demon world, making him angry. Otherwise, it is impossible for a powerhouse of this level to do such a thing." Xiao Yan shook his head and said.

"I don't know what happened, but when I traveled to the human world, I happened to be fighting against the powerhouse of the Holy See, and I learned from the powerhouse that a certain woman in their Holy See had something to do with the overlord of the demon world. The relationship is unclear, so there seems to be some connection between Li Soul Domain, the overlord of the demon world and the Holy See." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"It seems that the master of the fierce soul may have done a lot of bad things behind the scenes." Xiao Yan muttered.

"Little guy, you still have a long way to go." The Lord of Soul Eater also laughed.

"Master, don't worry, I will definitely retrieve the items to restore the origin of your soul for you, so as to help you take revenge." Xiao Yan said with a grin.

"With your heart, I can be at ease as a teacher, and I don't know what happened to Ni Er?" The Soul Eater said with a satisfied smile.