Chapter Vol 4 2139: Judgment, Demon of Light!

"Interesting guy, it's no wonder that he was able to kill my Holy See tour angel, and seriously wound the First Believer, the Son of Light and others."

Black easily extinguished the roar of the golden dragon above the clock tower, and immediately laughed.

The Golden Dragon Bell Tower is very powerful, but it is not used to oppose Xiao Yan.

Although Xiao Yan said that he was carrying a demon, his own strength in the middle stage of the Eight-Star Fighting Immortals, even after the transformation of the Medicine Clan catastrophe, with the blessing of demon power, would definitely not be his opponent.

Because that is the direct crushing of strength!

And his ultimate goal is not Xiao Yan, let Xiao Yan be so strange, under the power of his own reincarnation, he can't make any waves!

"Sir, everything has been prepared according to your instructions."

"The Holy City trial is about to begin."

Below, the priest Anbel walked out gently and said respectfully.

Originally, the status of the two priests should be respected even by the red-clothed archbishop, but when they faced Black, they felt a terrifying depression.

"I see."

"Where are Austin and Liu Hao now?"

After Black nodded, Zaidu asked.

"Reporting to my lord, the two of them have recovered a bit of their strength, and now they are cultivating in the back mountain."

"Obviously I can't participate in this trial." Priest Amber responded.

"If that's the case, then you're like this... like this..."

Blake thought about it for a while, and then felt that something was wrong, and suddenly said to Amber in a low voice, after all, he is a person who pursues perfection, and naturally he will not allow some small things to disrupt his plans.

Now in the huge Holy See, the Pope and Miller are not in red, and Lacey has disappeared inexplicably.

"grown ups!"

"This is absolutely impossible!"

"Liu Hao is precious as the son of light. If you act like this, you will be jealous of the sky and anger the gods!"

"The power of the Son of Light, you should know better than me."

Listening to Blake's crazy thoughts, Amber felt a chill on his back, and the cold sweat dripped uncontrollably. He couldn't help but exhort him.

This Blake is so ambitious that he wants to move the Son of Light?

"Liu Hao's opportunities have run out."

"Do as I say, otherwise..."

After Black finished speaking, a cold killing intent swept out, easily removing Amber's concerns, and the place restored its quietness.

In the Holy See, the other two red-clothed archbishops and the Pope are very fond of the Child of Light, but they are different. From some ancient books, I have found that the Divine Mark of the Child of Light seems to only need the powerhouse with angel wings. It can be controlled...

In the sky of the holy city, the scorching sun hangs high, and the endless brilliance of the sun scatters down, bathing in countless figures. The unspeakable warmth and holiness make people's hearts become quiet for a while.

"What a weird altar."

"What is the Holy See doing?"

"Didn't you say judge the demon of light?"

"What about the demon of light?"

At this time, tens of thousands of powerful people gathered in the altar of the holy city, their eyes were filled with a rare excitement, and their eyes were fixed on the priestess at the center of the altar, Yuri.

The center of the altar is raised high, and a "ten" cross several meters in size is suspended high in the sky, which is extremely mysterious.

Above the cross, there are traces of pure white light beams, and even a faint white flame, looming, making people admire them from the bottom of their hearts.

The Holy See believes in angels, believes in light, and cannot tolerate all filth in their eyes. Those who are stained with filth must be imprisoned on the holy cross, corrode the flesh with the divine power of light, and bake the soul with the flame of light, in order to help them Free from sin.

This is the judgment of the Holy See since ancient times, and it will never change.

This is the so-called holy sentence, which is specially used to punish heretics!

"It's cruel enough."

Xiao Yan watched the priestess Yuri quietly close her eyes, and did not become emotional because of the large number of people here and the noisy voice, and snorted coldly when thinking of the style of the Holy See trial.

"The guys in the Holy See are even weirder than the pedantic elders in our respective races."

The Patriarch of the Thunder Clan shook his head and said.

"Senior, I hope you don't fall into their trap."

Xiao Yan looked indifferent, sitting on the seat around the altar, looking at the cross and the blue sky, waiting leisurely for the trial to begin.

From the moment he entered the holy mountain and holy city, Xiao Yan noticed that there were sacred wind chimes everywhere, guard judgments and so on.

Among them, there is a sacred golden dragon in the holy city. If the demon emperor comes here, I am afraid they will face an unprecedented crisis.

After all, Xiao Yan knew that if he really came, with the arrogance of the demon emperor, he would naturally not bring soldiers and soldiers from the demon world, and would definitely go to the meeting alone.

However, if this is the case, it is also in the Holy See's favor.

These filthy angels, I am afraid they want to use the life of the overlord of the demon world, the demon emperor, to pave the way for them to advance to the kingdom of angels!

At this moment, the entire holy city seems to be unusually noisy. Countless major forces have arrived, and the powerhouses in the Holy See are also vigilant here.

"Be quiet."

The commotion did not last long, the high-pitched voice of the priestess emerged, and immediately outside the altar, several senior officials of the Holy See walked over, and there were more people beside the priestess Yuri.

The remaining believers, and a strange man in red!

The hierarchy in the Holy See is strict, and the color of the clothes greatly determines the status and strength.

In red clothes, only three red-clothed archbishops in the entire Holy See are qualified to wear them!

"This guy, such strong energy fluctuations."

Just by looking at it this way, the demonic power in Xiao Yan's body has the desire to move, and even exudes a rather hot aura.

"Among the Holy See, the head of the three cardinal archbishops is Blake."

"It is said that the strength entered the double reincarnation level long ago."

Soul Tianhao, the head of the soul clan, explained.

"Gulu... Double reincarnation?"

"Then, when using Angel Wings, under its increase, isn't his strength?"

At this time, Xiao Yan felt a huge wave in his heart, which could not be calmed down for a long time.

"No...you are wrong."

"The boost of Angel Wings is only applicable to the first level of reincarnation."

"After the first level of reincarnation, the wings of angels will be used, and only the combat power will be increased, and the strength will not be increased, because they do not have the blessing of the kingdom of angels."

"As for Lacey's situation before, I'm afraid it has something to do with the power of the Son of Light."

Gu Yuan said I don't know much about this kind of thing.

"Well, look at it."

Xiao Yan nodded, the crowd did not continue their conversation, and looked at the people above the altar intently.

However, Xiao Yan was also a little puzzled. He had done so many disasters to the Holy See, why didn't they take the lead in arresting him?

Or...they are strong enough to wipe out everyone here?

If so, this is probably too scary.

"Today is the public judgment day of our Holy See."

"Welcome to the Holy City of the Holy See."

"Here, you will be fortunate enough to witness that it comes from above, God's judgment!"

"At the same time, you can also see the perfect scene of evil being completely annihilated under the divine light."

Blake stepped out, clasped his hands together, an unusually flickering white pattern between his eyebrows suddenly fell off, and immediately flew across the sky with the momentum of lightning.

After the breath, above the sky, strips of milky white sacred beams of light fell silently.

A full ten, covering all the void outside the entire holy city, it seems that under this power, the belief in their hearts began to shake.

​​

Please remember the first domain name of this book: . Mobile version update fastest URL: