Chapter 602: 369 and other training ground

"I really don't know what those guys in the Human Palace are doing..."

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Could it be a group of turtles with their heads shrinking..." On the wide road, three men slowly walked side by side.

Among the three, the two were side by side, the one in the middle took a step forward, and the three kept their distance. Obviously, the person in the middle had an unusual status.

"Hey, among the guys in the Hall of Humanity, only a few people living in Wuzhuju have some strength. As for the other disciples, they have never been in your eyes." The man on the left had a flattering expression on his face.

"Of course, I don't even look at the character of Senior Brother Ye Qing of our Earth Palace, but a dignified Five-Star Dou Emperor in the late stage, dealing with those disciples of the People Palace, that's not something that can be easily captured?" The figure on the right continued. After talking, he continued to laugh.

"Hehe, the two of you still understand things."

"Don't worry, although your current strength is only in the early stage of the Five-Star Dou Emperor, as long as you follow me, you will definitely benefit in the future." The man named Ye Qing in the middle listened to the words of the two and immediately couldn't smile. Mouth.

"That's right, with our brother Ye here, where are those guys from the Hall of People?" The two figures continued.

"By the way, Brother Ye, why does the little witch from the Earth Palace often run to the Human Palace?" One of the sloppy figures suddenly remembered something.

"Tsk tsk, that little witch is brooding about Xiao Yan in the Human Palace."

"I don't know where she heard it. Xiao Yan in the Human Palace actually used the strength of the four-star fighting emperor to kill the twin ghost emperors in the ghost world." Ye Qing said in disbelief.

Who is the twin ghost emperors, that is comparable to the strength of their deputy hall master of the Fenxiang Pavilion, how could he be killed by a kid who is only a four-star fighting emperor!

"Will Little Witch Ye believe this?" The two figures spoke at the same time, obviously surprised.

"That's unknown." Ye Qing shook his head and said.

"But I really want to try the feeling of stepping on that kid named Xiao Yan..." Ye Qing's eyes filled with a trace of unusual greed, and immediately said.

Although this is the Fenxiang Pavilion, the top management of the Fenxiang Pavilion sees some open and secret fights in the three halls of heaven, earth and people, but does not say it. After all, there is competition to have motivation. intervention.

"That Xiao Yan's kid is really terrifying. Since joining our Fenxiang Pavilion, he has been on leave for five years..."

"It's famously said to go out to practice, and I don't know if it will be miserable in the process of practice."

"I think it should be... After all, when this person joined the Fenxiang Pavilion, he was only a strong four-star Dou Emperor. Even if he was not obliterated by experience, his strength would not be much stronger than Senior Brother Ye Qing." The two figures One sing and one harmony.

"Let's go, I'm going to practice today. The individual competition is almost over, and the team competition will begin soon. If you can improve a little bit, it counts." Ye Qing smiled at the two beside her.

"Well, I would like to see Ye Qing intern give me some advice." The two junior brothers said enviously. After all, this Ye Qing cough is a veritable late-stage Five-Star Dou Emperor. With his guidance, it is very convenient to practice.

"It's easy to talk about." Ye Qing agreed with a smile, and then slowly walked towards a certain training ground in their underground palace.

The cultivation sites in the Burning Incense Pavilion are divided into the cultivation sites of the three temples of Heaven, Earth and Human, and the cultivation sites are also divided into three, six, and nine levels.

Most of the cultivation places are the caves in the Burning Incense Pavilion. The closer the caves are to the mountains, the more beneficial it is for cultivation. However, it is not so easy to obtain a good cultivation treasure.

The training grounds are divided into one to nine grades. Ye Qing, a powerhouse in the late stage of the Five-Star Dou Di, can only enter the fourth-grade cave to practice at best.

However, these caves are not exclusive. If they are challenged by others and fail, the caves will not be guaranteed.

Ye Qing and the others slowly came to a gate, and then said to the two strong men guarding the gate.

"Two seniors, let's go in and practice." Ye Qing took the lead and said.

"Earth Hall Ye Qing, the late stage of the five-star fighting emperor, can enter the fourth floor of the cave."

"Earth Palace Yangwen, in the early stage of the five-star fighting emperor, you can enter the second floor."

"Earth Hall Zhijiang, in the early stage of the five-star fighting emperor, you can enter the second floor."

"These few days coincide with the competition of our Burning Incense Pavilion. It's a good thing to hurry up and cultivate." Among the two old guards, an old man spoke slightly, and this was obviously said to Ye Qing.

"Disciple follow the instructions!" Ye Qing folded his fists and bowed. Just as he was about to enter, he was knocked back by a gust of wind.

"What a strong fluctuation of Dou Qi, this fluctuation of Dou Qi, the horror has entered the Six-Star Dou Emperor?" Ye Qing hurriedly retreated, and then secretly said in his heart.

"Oh?"

"Ye Qing, you came just in time. Someone has just entered the Burning Heaven Territory. Go and see what's going on." An easy-going voice came slowly to Ye Qing.

"Second Senior Brother's strength is really getting more and more terrifying." Ye Qing said to the invisible voice, and then he did not see the second Senior Brother he was calling.

"He came and went without a trace, he really deserves to be a big brother." The two people beside Ye Qing also said with admiration.

After all, the strength of these two senior brothers is too terrifying, legend has it that they have been in the Six-Star Dou Emperor for many years.

"Let's go, let's go and see what's going on." Ye Qing also knew the character of the two senior brothers in their underground palace. Although they did things without a trace, they were deeply loved by their senior brothers in the underground palace.

"Hey, what is this?"

"A formation?" Just when Xiao Yan swept into the Burning Heaven Territory, the power of the Holy Flame in Xiao Yan's body stared at the void beside Xiao Yan and asked suspiciously.

"What?" Xiao Yan said.

"It's okay, I just want to try the power of this formation..."

"You just devoured Sheng Yan, don't you want to try your strength?" Xiao Yan's heart rock directly swept out and appeared in front of Xiao Yan.

"You can enter and leave my body freely like this?" Xiao Yan said in surprise, this Holy Flame Spirit is actually the same as the fire elf Xiao Yi Of course, after I find you to be swallowed by you, It is a part of your body. I can say that it is a trace of power that is differentiated from the holy flame in your body. Once the holy flame in your body is damaged, I will also receive it indirectly. "

"But unless your source of holy flame is damaged, or someone forcibly draws out holy flame, or you spontaneously ignite holy flame, I will always exist," said the young man Xinyan.

"So it is." Xiao Yan nodded his head in full realization. It turned out that the Holy Flame Spirit actually existed, which was something Xiao Yan did not expect.

"Then let's try it." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, his forehead suddenly lifted, and a burst of self-confidence from the bottom of his heart was born in an instant, and then his eyes just stared at the sky with some red sky rendered!

"Go!" He shot lightly, and immediately smashed into the sky with a fierce fighting spirit.

"Boom boom boom!" Qi Jin didn't hit anything, but suddenly exploded when it flew less than ten meters.

"Hehe, this kid is finally back..."

"But the breath in his body seems to be terrifying..."

"what?"

"Although the flames on this kid's body are deeply hidden, it's not the same as before he left the Burning Incense Pavilion..." Inside the wooden hut in the human hall, Elder Zhu slowly lay down on a chair, closed his eyes and said.

"Someone is breaking into the Burning Heaven Territory!" Ye Qing was the first to know when he saw the explosion in the sky. Immediately, there was no time to procrastinate, and his speed increased sharply!

Ask for tickets!