Chapter Vol 4 1042: Can't beat it!

"Huhuhu."

"Qi Haoqing, it's really a good offensive."

"But I can be the senior brother of the Fenxiang Pavilion, isn't it a waste of time?" Mu Tianyuan looked at the blood-colored skull that was getting closer and closer to him, and smiled slightly, but he didn't mean to be afraid at all.

"You're still stubborn when you're about to die!"

"Die!" Qi Haoqing didn't take it seriously, but now he has swallowed four strong men, and the power in his body is stronger than Mu Tianyuan.

"Then let you see... what is the real Burning Heaven Jue!" Mu Tianyuan said slowly, not in a hurry.

"What's going on here?" But as soon as Mu Tianyuan's voice fell, a fiery feeling slowly swept out, and at this time, the entire sky was also glowing with a fiery red, which was quite strange!

"Stop pretending to be a ghost!" Seeing this, Qi Haoqing said with a hint of fear in his pupils.

"Fen Tianjue, burn me!" and aware of Qi Haoqing's sudden fear, Mu Tianyuan screamed in the sky, and the flame giant eagle, which had been smashed by the skull, flashed out a scorching hot light, and then With a strong aura that burns everything, it suddenly hit the skull.

"Kacha!" Countless hot rays of light just hit the skeleton head, and the skeleton head full of evil aura immediately exploded under everyone's eyelids, and there was not even a trace of evil aura emerging, because those evil auras were all Nothing left was swallowed by the scorching light.

"The Dou Qigong method we practiced at Burning Incense Pavilion has been of the fire attribute since ancient times. Although it is not as powerful as the holy flame to kill the evil races outside the realm, it has the same effect in dealing with the evil power in you." Mu. Tian Yuan succeeded in one strike and smiled slowly.

"not good!"

"Run!" Qi Haoqing only had a little bit of wisdom left.

"Qi Haoqing, die!" Mu Tianyuan's hatred for the Xuanling royal family had accumulated for many years, so naturally he would not let him escape like this.

"Don't kill me, don't kill me!"

"I was also persecuted by King Xuanling!"

"I can tell you the whereabouts of Yin Tong!"

"As long as you don't kill me, everything is easy to say." Qi Haoqing's body dimmed and said to Mu Tianyuan in a begging tone.

"Go to hell..." Mu Tianyuan was extremely fast, coming directly to Qi Haoqing's side, and then on the palm of his hand, an extremely strong flame force shot directly at his chest.

"Gululu!" The simple attack, however, directly passed through Qi Haoqing's evil power, and then hit Qi Haoqing's chest impartially.

"Pfft..." With a sound, a large pool of blood slowly flowed out from the corner of Qi Haoqing's mouth. Obviously, his vitality was also rapidly decreasing when Mu Tianyuan attacked just now.

"Senior brothers, I will help you to avenge your revenge!" Seeing Qi Haoqing's dying breath, Mu Tianyuan was also pleased to kneel down to the sky and said solemnly.

"Senior Brother..." The other six people in the Heavenly Palace nodded happily when they saw this.

"Senior brother, Qi Haoqing still has the aura of a lot of extraterrestrial evil races in his body, so among the seven of us, only you have the power to destroy extraterritorial evil races... So, let's do it!" Luan Yu said slightly after a while.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Yes." Mu Tianyuan agreed.

He knew that the life force of the evil clan outside the territory was extremely tenacious.

"The power of the extraterritorial evil race, completely disappear!" And after Mu Tianyuan had done everything, an incomparably huge force attacked him directly.

"Sisi!" Just when Mu Tianyuan started, a trace of blood suddenly swept out from the distance, and silently merged into Qi Haoqing's body.

"Bang bang bang!" The unwavering attack hit Qi Haoqing's almost illusory body accurately, but Mu Tianyuan felt that he had hit a solid stone!

"Hahaha!"

"This ambassador has been reborn again!"

"The human body is wonderful!"

"If it hadn't been eroded by my clan for so many years, I would have been extremely repelled by me, but now with the loss of this master's spiritual wisdom, this body is all mine!" The next moment, Qi Haoqing, who was dying, was abrupt. Standing up, he looked at Mu Tianyuan who was close at hand with a ferocious expression. At the same time, an unprecedented blood-red aura suddenly spread out from the body of Qi Haoqing, who was on the verge of dying.

"What kind of power is this that can actually erode my mind?" At the moment when Qi Haoqing suddenly mutated, Mu Tianyuan pulled his palm back, still bringing back a trace of blood-red aura.

The blood-red aura had just poured into the body, and Mu Tianyuan suddenly felt that his body was turned upside down, and even his soul realm was eroded a lot by the blood-red aura.

"Huhuhu!" Mu Tianyuan was immediately startled, he left Qi Haoqing several dozen meters away, and then started the internal exercises, barely resisting the erosion of the blood-red aura.

"Eldest brother..." The other six people in the Heavenly Palace, who were already full of smiles, had a heavy expression on their faces at this time, and the six of them surrounded the elder brother.

"Sisi."

"Humans are really unreasonable creatures."

"You can't protect yourself, how can you manage others?"

"It's ridiculous!" That trace of blood just now was actually half the power of the Gorefiend who escaped from the Demon Suppression Territory!

However, at this time, he was extremely weak, because at the last moment he was blown up by the ghost face and soul flame, and he was seriously injured. At this time, he happened to be attached to the fallen body of Qi Haoqing.

"Don't be ashamed!"

"Senior Brother, you all go first!" Third Junior Brother Huang Feikong said directly upon seeing this.

After speaking, he directly attacked the Gorefiend, trying to buy time for the six of them.

"A mere ants." The Gorefiend looked at Huang Feikong, flicked his fingers, and immediately flew out of his body There were large and small injuries at the corners of his mouth!

Severely wounded!

"Don't go!" Seeing this, the senior brother's pupils became crazy for the first time, obviously the guy in front of him was too strong.

"You are the disciples of the Burning Incense Pavilion, aren't you?"

"Just in time, a disciple from your Burning Incense Pavilion killed the four envoys of my blood demon clan. Now I will charge a little interest from you." The space spreads out.

"Arrangement!" Mu Tianyuan also knew that this matter was definitely not easy, so he didn't dare to neglect, so he had to form an array.

As soon as the voice fell, seven people sat in a group, and a dazzling power emerged from each of them, and then under Mu Tianyuan's powerful array scroll, a huge light curtain emerged.

This formation was given to them by Zhu Jin, and it was enough to resist the life-saving means of the eight-star Doudi powerhouse!

"Ant." The Gorefiend looked at the struggling seven people step by step, and walked towards them very slowly.

"Die." After a few breaths, he came to the periphery of the light curtain, and then lightly tapped his palm!

"Bang bang bang!" The tyrannical light curtain was pointed by the Gorefiend, and it shattered directly, but the remaining power did not stop at all, and directly hit the seven people in the Temple of Heaven.

The sound of explosions in succession was incessant, and then the seemingly solid light curtain was defeated in an instant. At the same time, the seven people in the Tiandian protected by the light curtain suddenly spit out blood, and wiped it. The despair of death came to my mind!