Chapter Vol 4 1069: The Xuanling Royal Family's Countermeasures!

And after everyone in the Fenxiang Pavilion nervously convened a lot of powerhouses to open the meeting, the atmosphere of the entire Xuan Santian became extremely tense.

"Zhujin, what about Fentian?" After the other five sects left, the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion and the poisonous sect master stayed and asked Zhujin. After all, the relationship between the two daughters and Fentian was quite close. not bad.

"The pavilion master has left the sect since the sect competition opened, and he doesn't know where he went."

"Otherwise, with the character of the pavilion owner, Xiao Yan will definitely show up when he retires from the sect." Zhu Jin was also slightly puzzled.

Because Fen Tian and Xiao Yan seemed to have some agreement, and Xiao Yan also rescued Yin Tong, out of reason, Fen Tian would not let Xiao Yan do this.

"I don't know why, but I've been feeling inexplicably upset recently. I hope I'm thinking too much." After finishing speaking, the pavilion master of Wanhua Pavilion left here. It's hard to find an opponent, and I don't worry too much.

"If Fen Tian comes back, remember to notify me as soon as possible." And the Poison Sect Sect Master left a sentence coldly and also left here.

"The Xuanling Royal Family..."

"Five days later, let's fully understand the grievances and grievances over the years." Zhu Jin looked into the distance, muttered, and then went off to work.

On the other side, Xuanling City.

"Hey hey hey, have you heard of it?"

"The Xuanling royal family seems to have provoked something unclean, and it has provoked other super sects in Xuan Santian to try to deal with it." In the small inn, people came and went, but at this time some figures were Discuss quietly.

"Hey, look at your ignorance."

"My lord, let me tell you."

"It is said that the Xuanling royal family secretly colluded with foreign evil clans to try to rule the Xuanling Continent. The other super sects couldn't stand it, so they decided to join forces." One of the figures said triumphantly.

"Extraterritorial evil race?"

"What is that?" Someone asked involuntarily.

"Oh, how did I tell you about this..."

"Anyway, the extraterritorial evil race is extremely evil, an existence that makes all of us human beings hate. Since the Xuanling Royal Family dares to provoke them at a big risk, I should have thought of it long ago."

"Let's see how the Xuanling Royal Family will deal with it." Some whispers kept emerging, letting the people in the past know about this matter, so that the crowd in Xuanling City at this time was quite afraid of the Xuanling Royal Family. For fear that they would eat people without spitting bones.

And in the Xuanling royal family not far from Xuanling City.

"My king, it's not good." Outside the palace, a hurried voice emerged directly, and then a figure like a thunderbolt swept past the main entrance of the palace and ran towards King Xuanling.

"What's the matter?"

"Such a fuss?" King Xuanling frowned when he heard this, shouting angrily.

"My king, according to my subordinate's secret report."

"Fenxiang Pavilion, Wanhua Pavilion, Poison Sect, Wanjianmen, Ancient Wilderness Hall, Pill Valley, Purgatory Hall, and the Eight Super Sects of the Puppet Palace, the Demon Extermination Alliance will attack our Xuanling Royal Family in five days. ." And the figure said hurriedly, his voice full of fear.

Although the Xuanling royal family has a great career, but facing the cooperation of the eight super sects, I am afraid that it is impossible to escape death.

"Understood, let's go down."

"According to the original plan." King Xuanling seemed to have expected this scene long ago, without the slightest panic, he just said lightly.

"But my king, will this cost too much..." The spy still asked.

"If you have a willingness, you will get it."

"It's called laying a long line and catching a big fish."

"But I didn't expect that the Burning Incense Pavilion would attack us first. It may have exposed too many things directly in the blood river."

"But it doesn't matter anymore. I have already devoured the Gorefiend, so the waste under his command should have some effect."

"Send the order down."

"Invite the leaders of the major super sects in Xuantian San, and five days later, in Xuanling Mountain, hold the Demon Extermination Ceremony!"

"Let's use the Gorefiend to leave the lives of all the strong to open the door to a new world for me."

"At that time, all the powerhouses of Xuan Santian will be able to witness that moment of glory."

"Hahaha." King Xuanling laughed wildly.

"Yes." And when the spy heard the words, he went straight down.

"Pfft." With a sound, two figures appeared beside King Xuanling.

These two figures are Xuan Cang and Yan Chi.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"The strength of the Ten-Colored Sky Swallowing Python should not be underestimated, but it was temporarily suppressed by me." Xuan Cang said slightly.

"In addition, that holy flame has also quieted down, but it has been hidden by us in Xuanling Mountain. As long as the time comes, it can be swallowed." Yan Chi on the side also spoke.

"That's very good, very good." King Xuanling said with a smile.

"Yanchi, there is one more thing you need to do." The next moment, King Xuanling said.

"My king, please speak." Yan Chi said.

"Go to the underground palace, arrest all the remaining strong men from the Gorefiend, and send them to Xuanling Mountain to be sealed."

"Five days later, I will invite countless powerhouses from the Xuantian three super sects to jointly destroy the demons and completely obliterate the blood demon general." King Xuanling said.

"Okay." Yan Chi heard the words, and went straight to do it, letting the Gorefiends be tyrannical, and in front of the power of holy flame, she was like a woman without the power to tie a chicken.

"My king, your trick is really brilliant."

"This is the soul ball."

"The power of the souls of all the powerhouses in my Xuanling royal family, as long as we have this thing, we can be invincible."

"Even if the strong in our royal family defect, they can still control them." Not long after, the national teacher Wen Zi also spoke slowly.

The extraterritorial evil race planted a blood curse in their Xuanling royal ~ If it wasn't for the secret help of the Xuanling King, I am afraid it would not have succeeded. Unfortunately, some strong people naively thought it was a good thing, and they were deceived. in the drum.

"Wen Zi, you have helped me many times."

"After this time, I will definitely not treat you badly."

"Originally, the Gorefiend wanted to control the Xuanling Continent through me, but he was devoured by me. The Gorefiend never thought of it until he died." King Xuanling laughed loudly.

"By the way, my king, there is one more thing." Wen Zi said as if he remembered something.

"The Soul Clan sent another Immortal Fighter, and it seems that they want to do something to us." Wen Zi said.

"Do you have their specific coordinates?" King Xuanling said solemnly.

"Yes." Wen Zi said.

"Xuan Cang, this time you go."

"No one from the Soul Clan and Solomon will be left behind!" After hearing Wen Zi's words, the King Xuanling had a killing intent on his face.

"Yes, Master." Xuan Cang agreed softly and passed away in a flash, obviously not knowing where to go.

"Next, spread the news of the Demon Extermination Ceremony."

"Five days later, Xuan Santian will open a new world." After King Xuanling finished all of this, he tightly held the soul ball in his palm and laughed greedily, in that smile. , has long since disappeared, but it is extremely terrifying like a demon!

The fifth update is here, I wish you all a happy single

And by the way, ask for a wave ticket

End of this chapter