Chapter Vol 4 2080: The last level, the Linghai at the bottom of the mountain!

The latest website: Three days have passed. For three days, Xiao Yan has been sitting quietly in the cave, enduring that kind of inhuman pain, but fortunately, the emperor paid off. After three days, the source of the wood puppet demon completely spread. In Xiao Yan's body, the brand was imprinted into the soul and penetrated into the flesh and blood. With all these, Xiao Yan finally completely mastered the wood attribute. Now the dual attributes of fire and wood are like a duck to water in his hands. hand!

"Tear it!" Xiao Yan opened his eyes, and a surging vitality emerged from his eyes. With a wave of his hand, some wood vines in the cave were actually controlled by Xiao Yan at will, and even relying on the power of wood attributes, Xiao Yan There is actually a slight connection between Yan and these vines and plants that can be seen everywhere. With the existence of these plants, there is no need for Xiao Yan's soul power to probe and sense. The whole cave is exposed in Xiao Yan's mind. .

"Tear it!" After a while, some trees and plants in the cave made a rather pleasant sound towards Xiao Yan, as if congratulating Xiao Yan.

"Can wood attributes still be perceived by forest plants?"

"This is the same perception as the power of the soul, even in some places where the power of the soul cannot be used, but it is an excellent method, I don't know if the fire attribute can rely on the power of flame to perceive..." Feeling the fire filled in the body With the two attributes of wood, Xiao Yan also smiled happily.

The body of a pharmacist has been constructed from the dazzling fire attribute and a faint wood attribute since ancient times, but there are very few strong people who can completely awaken and control the two powers.

"Let's go, the last place for medicinal herbs, the Spiritual Sea at the bottom of the mountain." After speaking, Xiao Yan got up directly, and with the guidance of the map, the speed skyrocketed and headed towards the core of the mountain range.

But not only Xiao Yan, but also the medicinal materials collected by thousands of pharmacists according to the prescriptions in their hands, like Xiao Yan, lacked the last medicinal materials. I don't know if it was a coincidence or deliberately done by the powerful medicine family. Going to one place, nowhere, will obviously be the last level before alchemy, and it will also be a place of extremely fierce competition.

At this moment, in the Linggu Mountains, one after another silhouettes are constantly flickering and walking in the mountains. Although there are casualties, many people have gained something.

"Hey, hey, have you heard of it?" At this time, the three alchemists of the sixth rank of immortal rank gathered in a mountain stream, and one of the pale-faced men murmured loudly.

"What?" Listening to the man speaking, the other two also turned their attention to it. Obviously, the three of them were also a team formed at zero hour. After all, not everyone was as arrogant as Xiao Yan and the favored sons of the ancient race.

"It is said that the Yao clan brothers and sisters, together with the Yan clan, the Xiyue Sect and other powerhouses, have set up a net to wait for Xiao Yan, trying to bring Xiao Yan to justice." The man continued to speak, with a hint of expectation in his voice. The battle between the ancient race and Xiao Yan will definitely be extremely hot.

"Xiao Yan?" Hearing the name, they couldn't help but feel a thunderous feeling.

"In the Linggu now, most of the powerhouses have joined their alliance, because they know that Xiao Yan's successive displays of strength are too terrifying, and the geniuses of the ancient races have felt extremely tyrannical pressure. , if Xiao Yan is not wiped out first, I am afraid that they will not be able to compete for the first title in the mainland." The man said.

"But what does this have to do with the spirit sea at the bottom of the mountain we went to?" The two onlookers wondered.

"According to today's rumors, it seems that every pharmacist's prescription is missing the last medicinal ingredient, and the last medicinal ingredient is in the spirit sea at the bottom of the mountain range. I think this is also the test set up by the medicinal clan." The man continued to add .

"The relationship between the woman from the Spiritual Race and Xiao Yan is quite mysterious. When she noticed the conspiracy, she rashly tried to smash their joint conspiracy. "

"That kind of fairies like flowers and jades, they can also do it... But those guys haven't killed the spirit clan fairies for a long time. They seem to be trying to drive them away, as if they are waiting for something."

"..." One after another muttering emerged, and the three of them quietly retreated, heading towards the bottom of the mountain range, where there is a passage connecting the bottom of the mountain range, and the bottom is where the sea of ​​​​spirits is located.

"These guys are really a headache." Xiao Yan did not deliberately investigate, but after completely controlling the wood attribute, the forest trees within a kilometer would inadvertently pass this kind of information to Xiao Yan, so the conversation between the three was also It poured into Xiao Yan's mind without a trace.

"Forget it, you can't die without help."

"Heaven's favored son of the ancient race, let me see what he is proud of." Xiao Yan shook his head, then moved his body and went directly to the spiritual sea at the bottom of the mountain. Although he possessed tyrannical soul power, But when it comes to refining medicine pills, I can't guarantee victory in the face of these talented guys. But if we put aside the medicine refining skills and talk about combat power, I am afraid that any one of the ancient races will be alone. Douduo will not be Xiao Yan's opponent, of course, except for group attacks, but Xiao Yan also wants to try it. How tyrannical is the combined power of the fire wood dual attributes, the fighting spirit, and the dragon **** transformation?

At the same time, on the other side, a small force formed by gathering several strong men was already waiting for Xiao Yan's self-injection.

"You said, will Xiao Yan come..." At this time, at a turbulent river hidden under the majestic mountains, dozens of powerhouses with strength as high as the Seven Star Fighting Immortals slowly stood here, quietly guarding the turbulent waves below. The river seems to be waiting for something.

"Ling Zixi and Xiao Yan should have an extraordinary relationship, so he will definitely come." Shen Hong took the lead and laughed with Yan Xuan, but for other powerhouses such as the Yao family brothers and sisters, Hun Mu and the others adopted an attitude of neither plague nor fire, which made them quite strange.

"Keep this place for me, and once you find Xiao Yan's figure, immediately kill him!"

"Soul Mu... Yao Yi Shen."

"I know that you are not ashamed of what I am doing now, but I tell you Yan Xuan, if you stand by and watch when Xiao Yan appears, once we fail, there is no need for the final alchemy test."

"Because victory belongs to only one side."

"Now we are on the same boat, you shouldn't do anything that people and gods are angry with." Yan Xuan said extremely arrogantly and domineeringly, revealing the powerful relationship between them.

"We will do it." Yao Yichen and the others could only shake their heads secretly when they heard the words. Now the situation is not something they can handle. Xiao Yan's soul power is too tyrannical. They could only admit defeat, but they mistakenly believed that Xiao Yan's tyrannical soul force was also a tyrannical alchemist, otherwise they would definitely not have done such a stupid thing of joining the contestants to besiege Xiao Yan.