Chapter Vol 4 1656: Desolate beast, desolate!

"Crash!" The sound of huge waves of water suddenly sounded, the sound vibrated, making people shudder.

At this time, it is clearly a rather wide forest, but the forest area is very small, and in the center of the forest is a scene like a sinking basin. The basin is surrounded by a white light, and the white light seems to be an enchantment. People can invade it, and even if you don't see it with your own eyes, you can imagine that it is a scene of white rivers roaring.

No one knows where the source of these rivers comes from, but it is actually approaching from the edge of the forest to the center of the forest. Suddenly, in the collapsed basin, countless water flows converge into a spectacular waterfall, among the white waterfalls. It is full of shocking power, and there are some strange movements in it, that is, the so-called Glacier Tianhe, which means this place.ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"How is the situation?" There are already three teams of people on the edge of the basin waterfall that has sunk in the edge of the forest. Although these guys have soft eyes, everyone knows that this is because they have not found a way to enter the glacier Tianhe. Otherwise, this silence will be disturbed. Break instantly.

"I still haven't found it."

"At the entrance of this glacial river, there is an extremely tyrannical barrier. Even if we gather the experience of all of us, we cannot see through it."

"As for the treasure here, I'm afraid it's located below the basin waterfall, just to enter the bottom, you need to crack this weird barrier." For a while, several leaders of the three teams got up and said.

The three teams consisted of You Er from the Soul Court, a force named Xuantian Temple, and the other five people from the Earth Court.

"This is probably related to the undead fire, but the barrier seems to be tightly protected..." You'er soul body was wrapped in a black robe, standing alone, staring at the basin waterfall below, listening to the waves Unsurprised sound, murmured.

"I don't know that Xiao Yan and Irene are now..." In another place, Hu Tianyuan of the Meteor Sect in the five sect alliances wondered, obviously without Xiao Yan and the two of them, their seven sect alliances are now only five sect alliances.

"I don't care about them. Although it was agreed that we would join forces at the beginning, but just after entering the Holy Tan of the Undying, they separated. Now, they can only ask for their own blessings." At this time, Zhao Guang smiled slightly, His eyes were still staring at the waterfall in the basin below. With his power, he seemed to be able to detect that there were some terrifying creatures lurking below, except for the enchantment blocking their way.

"Where's Mu Wushuang?" In the last place, there are only two figures of men. The figures of the two men are sluggish, and their bodies are wrapped by a mysterious force. From the outside, it is impossible to see their details and details. strength. starter

"He went to find that little guy..."

"Our top priority now is to break the barrier and get that thing before we can go to the interior of the Holy Tan of the Undying. Otherwise, without that thing, we simply can't withstand the extreme heat of the Undying Fire."

"And if Mu Wushuang gets that thing, we can also go directly to the interior of the Holy Tan of the Undying." As he spoke, his eyes also became solemn.

"Squeak." With a sound, in the sparse trees in the forest, traces of black shadows emerged, as if some creatures were pouring into them.

"Everyone, it's not a solution for us to spend all this time here... It's better to join forces to break this barrier. When the time comes, the treasures in it will be yours."

"What do you guys think?" After Shunxi, the two men in Xuantian Hall took a step forward and asked the other two groups.

"I agree." After blinking, You Er moved gently and said, even with her soul power, she couldn't penetrate the barrier and couldn't see what was below.

At this time, the strong people stood on the edge of the basin, and could only hear the stormy waves. As for the bottom, it was completely filled with scenes of white aura, but there was no fog here, so your soul power and even perception are temporarily restored. .

"What about you?" Seeing You'er agreeing, the two powerhouses in Xuantian Temple opened their mouths and said, You'er's strength is unquestionable, and she is also the top genius of the lower soul courtyard of the five major courtyards, with the help of this guy to break the enchantment The success rate will undoubtedly increase greatly.

"We also agree." The five members of the Five Sect Alliance looked at each other and said immediately.

"Since that's the case, it's not too late, let's do it." As soon as the voice fell, the two powerhouses in Xuantian Temple said.

"The two of us have things to break the barrier in our hands, but during this process, I am afraid that you will need to deal with the waterfall and the hidden threat." The two exchanged glances.

"Naturally." The others nodded when they heard the words.

In an instant, the figures of everyone flew towards the barrier at the same time, and the incomparably dazzling fighting qi spread out from the body.

"These guys are really good tricks..."

"But the thing below, I'm afraid it really has something to do with the undead fire, and listening to the two guys' voices, it seems that the place where the undead fire exists is quite hot..."

"I don't know if the power of the two holy flames in my body can resist the heat." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, the dark shadows in the forest were disappearing, and it was obvious that he was going back to look for the two of Irene.

"Hey, the mantis catching the cicada and the oriole is behind, this time, I'll see where you are fleeing!" As Xiao Yan carefully left here, a strange figure also appeared, but Xiao Yan didn't notice the aura of black qi. , is exactly the same as Mu Wushuang who fought with Xiao Yan and the two before!

"Let's go." After Xiao Yan came here, he briefly communicated with Irene and said.

"But this little guy..." For a while the two also hesitated.

Xiao Zhuoma has no power in her body, and her background is mysterious. Now the place where Xiao Yan and the others are going is extremely dangerous. With a little girl who is helpless, even Xiao Yan can't guarantee her safety. .

"Big sister, I can protect myself!" Little Dolma was quite spiritual. Seeing the hesitant expressions of the two, a stream of light burst out from his eyes, and a trace of gray flames suddenly permeated from his body.

"Gray flame?" Seeing this, Xiao Yan narrowed his pupils and lost his voice.

"This flame is very similar to undead fire, but its power is only the tyrannical power of a fire-type celestial seed. It's really strange." Xiao Yan felt it carefully and shook his head in disappointment.

According to Xiao Yan's information, Undying Fire is as expected, it should be a gray flame, exactly the same as the flame on Xiao Zhuoma's body at this time, but the holy flame, Fen Jue and other things in his body did not emit any breath. This made Xiao Yan quite puzzled.

"Forget it, let's go first." After a while, the three figures were hiding, and they slowly walked towards the waterfall barrier in the center of the forest.

"Boom!"

"Hold me up!" At this time, white energy beams burst out from the waterfall in the center. The power contained in them was shocking. At the same time, there seemed to be some horror below the barrier that could not be entered. The breath is slowly awakening.

"This is……"

"Desolate beast?" And before seeing the mysterious creature far away, You Er looked vigilant and lost his voice.