Chapter Vol 4 2124: The curtain is finally over, the introduction to the underworld?

For a time, the Buddha Sha Samsara produced countless monster blood waters, covering the entire sky, as if preparing to drown this piece of heaven and earth!

"Crack Kacha!"

The blood-colored torrent wrapped the Rubik's cube and slowly spread towards the giant wings of the sky, but before the power evaporated, the giant wings of the sky swayed.

Countless purple feathers fell from the giant wings of the sky, carrying endless sacred auras, and went to the Rubik's Cube of Buddha Sha Samsara roaring from below!

Anything that is irradiated by the radiance of the glow above the sacred purple feathers, the blood and blood around the Rubik's Cube quickly dimmed, and finally disappeared, leaving only the perfect fusion of the power of the devil and the power of the holy flame. And go.

"Boom!"

The attack of the second forbidden technique level resounded through the heavens and the earth, making it extremely noisy.

Xiao Yan's reincarnation of Buddha Sha is like a dark green balloon, endlessly evil and noisy, inside the Rubik's Cube, a divine aura is venting!

On the other side, the ten thousand zhang Xiaguang Tianyi waved violently, circling in the sky, and then without any hesitation, with the momentum of thunder, it pierced through the void and directly attacked Xiao Yan!

Sacred to the extreme, extremely domineering!

Even the superpowers at the peak of the ordinary double reincarnation will easily be destroyed on the Tianyi!

"Wong Buzz!"

Above the sky, terrifying energy overflowed everywhere, and scenes of black holes emerged, and the terrifying power directly tore the entire void of the medicine world, so that the countless powerhouses below could only work together to cast a battle qi barrier to maintain their own life, otherwise two The power of the forbidden technique is enough to make them truly moved!

"Boom!"

With a sound, in the sky, the wingtips of the giant wings of the sky and the Rubik's Cube of the Buddha's reincarnation touched, and suddenly an indescribable loud noise filled the sky, like the violent breath of rolling thunder, and countless energy shock waves were scattered everywhere, and the extent of its spread It has reached thousands of miles of land!

The confrontation between the two forbidden techniques is enough to make the medicine world a real ruin!

"Devil... This time, I won!"

"The divine might of an angel is not enough for you mortals to disobey!"

"Destroy under the support of light!"

The giant wings of the sky bloomed with endless splendor, easily tearing the periphery of the Rubik's Cube, and crawling out one after another of conspicuous cracks, it seemed to herald the failure of the demon Xiao Yan!

In the battle of forbidden techniques, once there is a gap on either side, the outcome is already clear.

"Yes!"

"Dirty red-clothed Archbishop Lacey, please keep your eyes wide open!"

"Bloom, Buddha Sha Samsara!"

The devil Xiao Yan said softly, and the Rubik's Cube that was torn apart at any time by the giant wings of the sky suddenly shattered, revealing a perfectly round bead.

Round beads, as small as eyes, generally dark green, generally amber, perfectly combined and intertwined, beautiful!

"Wong Buzz!"

Just when Xiao Yan's voice fell, the eyes of the people below who were struggling to support shrank suddenly, and a force beyond their cognition spread out.

I saw that on the round Buddha Reincarnation Bead, a ferocious soul shadow lingered by demons and holy flames suddenly swept out of it, and immediately a roar that shook the soul, accompanied by the breaking of the bead, swept in!

At that time, a black hole of the endless abyss will fill out directly in the mid-air. Without waiting for Lacey to do anything, the demon soul shadow that just appeared stretched out his hand and suddenly pulled the giant wings of the sky into the endless abyss!

"How is this going?"

Demon Xiao Yan was also shocked and looked at this scene with great puzzlement!

Something that has been fused by itself, but has never had this kind of power?

Even in Xiao Yan's body, a touch of rare power was awakening from the blood of demons in Xiao Yan's body.

"Do not!"

"How is this possible?"

"Get out of here!"

Looking at the endless abyss, Lacey actually felt a rare horror from the bottom of his heart. Immediately, his skin tightened and he suddenly tried to take back his forbidden technique, Tianyi!

"burst!"

At this moment, Xiao Yan's eyes were completely replaced by the radiance of the devil, and an evil aura emerged.

"Boom!"

The endless power of the devil and the power of holy flame exploded completely, and the terrifying fluctuations that destroyed the sky and the earth slanted out, and the endless brilliance of Lacey was completely suppressed at this moment.

"A dirty soul like you is not worthy of the name of the Holy See Angel."

"It's better to enter my underworld as soon as possible."

The demon Xiao Yan seemed to have changed into a different person. He stepped on the endless abyss and was enveloped by endless demonic power. Watching the giant wings of the sky being pulled into the abyss by the shadow of the demon's soul, he was like a controller. Speak slowly.

The sound did not have any temperature and fluctuations, but the people below smelled a deadly death from the top of the sound!

Lacey was defeated, the giant wings of the sky were pulled into the abyss, and his power was completely suppressed by the reincarnation of the Buddha. Suddenly, his eyes were full of confusion, and he knelt on the sky.

Today he is no different from a true loser.

"who are you!"

"Get out of here!"

"Otherwise don't blame me for doing it!!!"

In an instant, Xun'er stepped out and came directly to the top of the endless abyss, facing Xiao Yan with fierce killing intent. With Xun'er's understanding of Xiao Yan, the thing in Xiao Yan's body now is definitely not Xiao Yan!

"Oh... the resistance is quite fierce."

"But it's no wonder, after all, this guy is the only descendant of the Xiao family left."

Between the brows of the demon Xiao Yan, the clan mark bloomed with a hot wave, slowly burning Xiao Yan, as if driving some kind of power in Xiao Yan's body.

"In that case..."

Xun'er is not talking nonsense, and the reincarnation India between the eyebrows is triggered.

"There will be a period later, but I believe that we will meet sooner or later."

"Squeak."

With a sound, the demon Xiao Yan uttered a very strange voice. Immediately behind the demon Xiao Yan, a demon ghost crawled out of the abyss, a demon chain engraved with endless **** power. It penetrated directly to Lacey's body.

"There will be a period later!!!"

The chain hit Lacey, and his body and soul were instantly locked, pulling Lacey into the abyss in one fell swoop. The strange sound and power in the body of the demon Xiao Yan also dissipated, and the endless abyss behind him slowly closed.

However, the aura that just occupied Xiao Yan's body was probably above everything else!

"Cough cough."

Following Lacey's departure, the demon Xiao Yan coughed a few times, and immediately fell to the ground. At this time, Xiao Yan was obviously exhausted, even because of the complete fusion of demon power and holy flame power. , The large and small scars on the skin are shocking, and the vitality in the body is lacking, and it is vaguely to the point where the lamp is exhausted.

"we won."

Yao Shigui and Xun'er in the distance took Xiao Yan in one fell swoop, standing on the shoulders of the Golden Wheel Titan giant with Xun'er, and couldn't help crying.

"No...impossible!"

At this moment, Austin and Hope's pupils shrank violently, even they didn't think of these situations!

As arrogant as Archbishop Lacey in red, he actually completely lost to Xiao Yan?

And the kind of aura that appeared on Xiao Yan's body at the end was definitely not the power in the Great Thousand World.

That is the power of the underworld!

As for whether it is the Pluto or the Dark Lord, or the supreme creature in the underworld, they cannot know!

Because the underworld is a region beyond the great thousand worlds!

"burst!"

The two looked at each other Looking at the slowly shattering dimensional prism in the sky, the two bodies turned into countless milky white rays of light, blooming.

Even if they are desperate, they must send the Children of Light out!

"not good!"

"They're going to blow themselves up!"

When many powerhouses who realized it later found out, Hill blew himself up and died, and Austin took the Child of Light and left here smoothly.

But at this moment, I am afraid that the fuse was laid for the real battle in the near future.

At this point, the ceremony of the Medicine Clan has come to an end, although it was a surprise.

full book

txt download address:

phone-reading: