Chapter 259: Zhenxiejian vs Guiming Hongfei!

"It's just right!" Yin Xie laughed loudly, then his eyes narrowed slightly, and an extremely powerful aura emanated from his body...

Countless lonely souls and wild ghosts also came out of the evil body!

"This is……"

"The power of ghosts!" The ghost of the secluded spring, who was hiding in the dark, also shrank his pupils tightly, staring at the evil in the sky in front of him!

"Damn old guy, actually hiding such important information..." Youquan also secretly said, obviously surprised by the ferocious ghost face on this sinister body.

Others may not know what this is, but Youquan is very clear!

It was this kind of ghost power that slaughtered the entire village where he lived!

Although Youquan knows that this evil may not be the culprit who killed his village in the first place, but it is only possible to find a breakthrough from him...

Because at the beginning, although their village was slaughtered, the clone Youquan was surprised when he collected the corpse, and he didn't find his younger brother's body!

Therefore, Youquan has not only been looking for opportunities to become stronger these years, but has also been looking for his younger brother, because he always believed that his younger brother would not die easily...

"It is rumored that people in the ghost world will be given the power of ghosts by ghosts when they make great contributions..."

"Could it be that the power of this evil spirit is..." Youquan also clenched his fists and said.

Hongye on the side also noticed that Youquan Hehe was emotionally unstable. He just wanted to comfort him but Youquan calmed down again, so he had no choice but to do it, and then stared at the battle in the sky.

At this time, the black qi and ghost qi all over Yin Xie's body are extremely thick, and above the ghost qi, the ghostly ghost faces of some extremely ferocious lonely ghosts and wild ghosts also appeared!

"The power of ghosts..." The Golden Dragon King also murmured while staring at the evil spirits in the air.

"What is that..." Xiao Yan also stared at the evil spirit in the sky with a puzzled look, because Xiao Yan discovered that since the evil evil had just broken through the half-step eighth-rank Ghost Emperor, the ghost energy in the evil spirit It seems to have discovered a world-shaking change...

If the ghost qi in Yin Xie was one before, the ghost qi in Yin Xie is now ten!

Moreover, according to Xiao Yan's perception and judgment, the mutation of this evil must be related to other things, and it must not be related to promotion, because Xiao Yan has never heard that promotion will change his breath...

The most important thing to advance is to enhance your aura...

"The power in the ghost world is divided into ghost qi, which is possessed by ordinary ghosts and some ghost emperors..."

"Their strongest are only at the pinnacle level of the ninth-rank Ghost Emperor. They are the same as the peak Dou Di of human beings, except that there are two kinds of power above the ghost..."

"One is the power of ghosts..."

"This level of power can only be absorbed by real ghosts and immortals..."

"This evil evil is only half-step eighth-rank strength, how could it have this kind of power..." The Golden Dragon King was also surprised. Obviously, his brows were furrowed, and he said solemnly.

If it is said that Yin Xie has just been promoted to the eighth rank and has not made his master Jin Longwang unhappy, then the power of ghosts in Yin Xie now makes his master Jin Longwang not surprised.

"The power of ghosts in this evil spirit..." Xiao Yan also stared at the evil evil in the sky, and found that he was surrounded by some hideous faces...

It's just strange that the hideous faces surrounding Yin Xie exude an extremely evil aura...

"Master, what about the last one..." Xiao Yan also murmured, the three breaths in this ghost world represent three levels of powerhouses, the power of this ghost is so powerful, then the last kind Word of strength...

"That kind of power is too far away, you still don't know it right now..."

"But don't worry, the top powers in the seven worlds are stalemate with each other, so you don't have to worry." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Um."

"The war is about to begin..." Xiao Yan also cast his gaze into the sky.

In the sky at this time, a war is about to break out!

On the one hand, Xiaoyue's whole body was full of vindictiveness, and her aura was extremely sluggish. The remaining Nine Soul Monument also had a solemn expression, and the fiery red fairy sword in her hand was held high above her head. The whole body is already glowing red and white light, very dazzling!

In this dark corpse forest where the dark moon spreads, the red and white fairy swords emit dazzling rays of light and an extremely pure aura. As soon as the surrounding ghost energy touches it, it is evaporated out of thin air.

Yin Xie on the side also looked particularly ferocious, and then slowly raised his hand and pointed lightly at the position where the Nine Souls Monument was!

"Ghosts and Hongfei!"

A finger that seems to be an understatement, but it contains extremely terrifying power!

As Yin Xie pointed his finger at the Nine Souls Monument, a terrifying ghostly aura that filled the entire Yin Corpse Forest sky also burst out from Yin Xie's body!

Then he attacked the Nine Souls Monument with an evil aura that was like a broken bamboo!

In the black rays of light, some very hideous faces kept emerging, and then they opened their **** mouths to the place where the Nine Souls Monument was, and shouted "sweet". The scene was extremely sad!

Seeing that Yin Xie launched the attack first, the Nine Soul Monument also shouted loudly, and the immortal sword clenched on the head with both hands slashed down heavily!

"Shocking Evil Sword!"

Following the powerful slashing of the Nine Souls Monument, a red and white sword beam about a hundred meters in size also rushed away against the evil attack!

In the sky at this time, two terrifying rays of light are rapidly gathering at a speed visible to the naked eye...

The people on the ground also held their breath, nervously watching the confrontation in the sky!

Everyone at this time is also clear!

In this fight, the winner will be decided...

If they fail, then their fate is also...

Immediately, they all clenched their fists.

"Boom boom boom!"

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

In the sky the terrifying two forces slammed into each other at the next moment!

Following the confrontation between the two red and white rays of light and the pitch-black evil beam of light, the entire space exploded slightly, and waves of extremely hot fire waves also spread out from the explosion circle and scattered everywhere!

"Although Zhenxie Sword is the nemesis of this ghost emperor, after all, the immortal sword is broken, and now it's a cloudy moon, which has greatly enhanced the strength of the evil spirits..."

"Get ready, there are several strong forces around here, and there may be fierce battles in a while..." Xiao Yan released a flame barrier, and then said to Yueru and Mu Feng who were beside him.

When the two heard the words, they nodded slightly. After all, dealing with the terrifying pressure of the evil aura already made it a little bit hard for them to breathe. Now, with Xiao Yan's barrier protection, it was a lot better...

The shocking explosion in the sky lasted for a while, and then it dissipated, and everyone on the ground breathed a sigh of relief, because the two were evenly matched!

However, everyone also knows that the power in the Nine Soul Monument and Yin Xie has also been consumed a lot in the previous battle...

"It's not very favorable for us..." Hu Du also secretly said.

"The remaining players who participated in the point grabbing competition!"

"Follow me!"

"Destroy the Ghost Emperor!"

Wu Jiang said it too!

Ask for tickets!