Chapter Vol 4 1579: interior space!

"Damn it, **** it!" Seeing Xiao Yan's figure like a halo, he was suddenly sucked into the body by the acacia tree, and the four people including Qi Ziwen suddenly roared in their hearts!

Their four major sects, but they spent a lot of human and financial resources for this trip to the Acacia tree, but in the end, Xiao Yan was only cheap, which made the four of them quite angry.

"never mind."

"There is no part in it." After some struggle, the three of Song Lanfeng directly used a tyrannical attack to knock the guardian back in front of him, and then disappeared here.

"Xiao Yan, you are alone, but don't forget Xiao Gui and Wan Huo Sect behind you."

"Even if I can't do it, and the Qingyun Pavilion is in front of our sect, this time, no matter how many treasures you get from the acacia tree, you have to spit it out for me!" As soon as the voice fell, Qi Ziwen immediately did too. dissipated here.

At that time, the figures of the five guardians turned into a beam of light, slowly pouring into the acacia tree, and here, for a time, it was completely shrouded by the acacia tree.

It's just that the four of them forgot that the acacia tree, the acacia tree, if there is no acacia, even if the gods descend to earth, I am afraid they will not be able to enter it, let alone spy on its secrets.

At the same time, Xiao Yan followed the guidance of the acacia tree and entered the inner space of the acacia tree.

"Shabu Shabu!" The space squirmed for a while, and then a burst of white light filled the line of sight. After a while, the eyes suddenly became brighter.

"This is... the inside of the Acacia tree?" After Shunxi, Xiao Yan frowned.

At this time, Xiao Yan was in a strange space completely enveloped by pink light.

"Damn, fighting qi, soul power, and even spiritual power can't be mobilized." After a while, Xiao Yan just wanted to investigate, but found that his power was entering the inner space of the Acacia tree and could not be used at all, and this space seemed to Boundless and extremely bizarre.

"Don't panic, this should be the inner space of the Acacia tree." After a while, the voice of the Soul Eater lightly felt acacia in Xiao Yan's body.

"This acacia tree may have something to do with the acacia flame. When I was outside, the holy flame in my body burst into a fiery heat, but now this fiery heat is extremely weak." The Lord exists, so you don't have to worry too much.

"Hey, this acacia tree is extremely mysterious. Even I don't know any secrets. I just made a mistake and it really succeeded." The Soul Eater also looked at the pink space for a while, so he smiled. .

In the pink space, there is an extremely strong Acacia power, but it is completely opposite to the Acacia power in Xiao Yan.哽噺蹓帽奇奇 Novel 蛧|w~w~

"Crash!" After the blink of an eye, a rather small ancient tree suddenly appeared in the pink space, the size of the palm of your hand. Qiqi's novels are first published on the whole network

This ancient tree just appeared, and it slowly disintegrated. After a while, it turned into a pool of pink liquid, standing above the void in front of Xiao Yan.

"This is... acacia liquid?" Xiao Yan was surprised when he saw this.

Inside the Acacia tree, it is rumored that there are two treasures, namely Acacia Liquid and Acacia Fruit.

Acacia liquid, the user can forget all the memories of this life, from the new life, the power of lovesickness, pain into the bone marrow, so the existence of this thing is said to be the divine liquid that some people who try to forget their feelings are painstakingly looking for.

Acacia fruit, it is said that this is a special fruit formed by the acacia tree absorbing the power of countless acacias. As for the specific use, there are very few records in the world, so Xiao Yan does not know, but the only thing that is clear is that this acacia fruit is probably It is the most precious thing in the acacia tree.

"Isn't this thing just forgetting love water?" Xiao Yan was speechless for a while, not knowing why this dignified acacia tree was born.

"Idiot, this Acacia tree has existed for tens of thousands of years. Naturally, it has a long life and wisdom, but don't be fooled by this thing."

"And I estimate that this acacia liquid is not so simple. Those strong people outside should have taken this thing and thus be controlled by the acacia tree." The Lord of Soul Eater scolded.

"However, it's strange. This acacia tree controls humans, and it can keep its human body intact for thousands of years." Xiao Yan nodded secretly.

"Use holy flame to burn this thing." After a while, Soul Eater said.

"Great Heavenly Seed!" Xiao Yan heard the words, and a dazzling fiery red flame emerged, directly entangling the pink liquid.

"No movement?" After a while, he found that this thing did not move, and immediately said in surprise.

"Huoxin Tianyan!" After a few breaths, a khaki flame emerged from Xiao Yan's body, burning directly at the pink liquid.

"Hey!" With the joint efforts of the Great Heavenly Seed and the Fire Heart Heavenly Rock, the pink liquid suddenly gave off bursts of fragrant fragrance.

"What is this..." Seeing this, Xiao Yan tried his best to smell it.

"No, this thing is poisonous!" After blinking, Xiao Yan inhaled the aroma of some pink liquid evaporated suddenly felt dizzy and couldn't help shouting.

"Weng buzzing!" In an instant, an extremely dark swallowing power emerged from Xiao Yan's body, protecting Xiao Yan, so he directly absorbed the smell.

"This devouring power is really mysterious. It seems that everything can be swallowed up." Xiao Yan couldn't help but envy when he saw the Soul Eater scatter a trace of Soul Eater to protect himself.

"You kid, you can't chew as much as you want... and this devouring power can devour everything, but it's not that simple." The Lord of Soul Eater first scolded, and then his voice was filled with helplessness. Obviously, this devouring power The power also has some stories.

"This aroma is a special energy used to control humans, and it can also use the energy of the power of acacia to keep the controller's body immortal. After all, these guys are too greedy." The Lord of Soul Eater shook his head.

"Increase the firepower to completely eliminate this Acacia liquid. I am afraid this is just a test to enter the inner space, and the real inner space of the Acacia tree is behind." The Lord of Soul Eater said.

"Ghost-faced soul flame." After a short while, Xiao Yan's hands were azure ghost-faced soul flame, khaki-yellow fire-heart Tianyan was added with fiery-red Great Heavenly Seed Crimson Flame, but at this time, the three flames were deadlocked, obviously If it wasn't for Xiao Yan Fenjue to neutralize it, it would be extremely difficult to work together.

"Boom!" With the gathering of Xiao Yan's dazzling flame power, the pink acacia liquid was instantly evaporated.

"Crash!" After a while, there was a sound like glass breaking from this strange pink space, and after a while, a grudge exploded.

With the display of this space, the interior space of the acacia tree was nakedly displayed in front of Xiao Yan.