Chapter 231: The mysterious well water at the bottom of the ghost town!

Xiao Yan gently fell into the well and continued to descend, then suppressed the speed to a very low level, and slowly descended, his brown pupils carefully looked around the well during the descent, to prevent any unknown creatures from appearing. attack yourself.

This well is deep!

This was Xiao Yan's first thought, because after landing for a long time, Xiao Yan found that there was no way yet.

At this time, Xiao Yan felt that he had already descended to a depth of forty or fifty meters, but he had not seen the bottom of the well or any trace of well water, and there was no shortage of doubts in his heart.

"Yueru, why did you come to participate in this competition? As your inheritor, if you want to join that super sect..." Mu Feng also said quite unexpectedly.

"its me……"

"It's just to accompany someone..." Yueru also smiled quietly.

"Hey, there are really many infatuated people in the world..." Mu Feng also said helplessly, and then tidied up his Taoist robes to make himself look a little neater.

The two waited for a while at the mouth of the ghost town well, and they became anxious when they found that there was no sound from Xiao Yan.

"I'm afraid to let Xiao Yan go down like this..." Yueru also said softly, obviously the meaning of the words was obvious.

"We are a team after all, let's go down and have a look." Mu Feng also saw what Yueru was thinking.

"Well, thank you Mu Feng." Yueru also smiled at Mu Feng.

When Mu Feng heard this, he didn't say much, and went down to the mouth of the well, and Yue Ru also followed after seeing this.

During the descending process, the surrounding light was very dim, and he could barely reach his fingers. Xiao Yan had no choice but to run the Burning Jue. Milky white flames instantly enveloped his body, illuminating the surroundings.

Suddenly, the red light was dazzling, and the surrounding scenery clearly appeared in front of Xiao Yan's eyes.

There is a lot of dark and damp moss growing around the well. Obviously, this ghost well has existed for a lot of years. However, after Xiao Yan took a closer look, the moss was densely distributed on many unknown bugs and worms. The poison, under the irradiation of the flame, appeared dark and shiny.

These little things seemed to be quite afraid of the scorching temperature, and they all wriggled, dodging the flames.

As Xiao Yan descended, the further down he went, the temperature below seemed to drop rapidly, and the surrounding cold air was very strong.

Finally, after another distance, Xiao Yan gently landed on the ground.

With the light of the milky white flame on his body, Xiao Yan looked around and found that this place should be the bottom of the well.

It's just that this ghost town is not a dry well. Not far from Xiao Yan, there is a small pool of well water. The well water is very clear, but it exudes an extremely cold aura, which makes Xiao Yan feel extremely cold. Incomparable, I have to wrap myself in a strange fire. Ordinary people should not be able to stay here, after all, such a cold temperature.

At this time, at the bottom of the well, there is a space of about ten meters. There is a space of five meters for well water, and a space of five meters is the ground standing under Xiao Yan's feet. Xiao Yan looked towards the ground under his feet and found a passage. !

At this time, there seemed to be a faint sound of a strange sound from the passage at the bottom of the well, but unfortunately it was so faint that Xiao Yan couldn't hear it clearly.

Feeling the strangeness, Xiao Yan was also trying to fight the burning decision. The huge milky-white flames instantly attached to his body, forming a pair of milky-white armor, which tightly surrounded Xiao Yan.

"Wait a moment……"

"There seems to be a problem with the water here..." Just as Xiao Yan was about to get up and walk towards the passage under his feet, the voice of his master, the Golden Dragon King, suddenly appeared in his mind.

"Um?"

"Master, what's wrong?" Xiao Yan also stopped and said softly.

Since his master Jin Longwang said this, then with his many years of combat experience and knowledge, there must be something abnormal, so he also calmed down.

"Why is there still water in this ghost well?"

"I just checked the bottom of this well, and I didn't find the outlet and the channel for groundwater, so the water in these wells is very strange..."

"This ghost well has existed for thousands of years, and this is where the twin ghost emperors are sealed. Could it be..." The Golden Dragon King also stared at the well waterway in front of him.

At the bottom of the town ghost well, there is a pool of well water about five meters long.

"Such a liquid is completely transparent, colorless and odorless. Ordinary people would think at first glance that this is ordinary water, so they don't take it to heart. Little do they know that some seemingly weak or harmless things often kill people directly."

"Be careful, go take a look!" The Golden Dragon King also said.

Hearing that, Xiao Yan also frowned, and then slowly walked towards the opposite side.

The distance of five meters is also very close, one step and two steps...

At this time, Xiao Yan was like a burning man. Although there were more than 23 colors on his body, they were still mainly milky white. Xiao Yan, surrounded by milky white light, was standing dumbfounded by the well water.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"This water seems a little strange, how could it form such a shape..." Xiao Yan also stood close, and found that these few well water seemed to form a circle, just looking at the circular well water, it was There is an indescribable feeling.

There is something looming in the center of the circular water mass, which is quite mysterious.

"This is..." The Golden Dragon King also locked himself every day, and then stared intently at the circular well water ball in front of him.

"Try this water with your hands..."

"Don't worry, I'm here." The Golden Dragon King also said after a brief thought.

"Yeah." After Xiao Yan finished speaking, he also directly stretched out his left hand, milky white flames filled it, then squatted down, facing the circular water ball in front of him.

"Shabu Shabu!"

Xiao Yan is also a hundred times more energetic, if there is a slight error, he will pull his arm away, and he also has his own master, the Golden Dragon King, so he also gives it a try.

When his fingers touched the surface of the water, an indescribable cold hit his entire body, which made Xiao Yan shiver a few times.

Xiao Yan is also quite puzzled. He already has so many flames, and the scorching temperature of the flames will definitely not catch a cold This water is so terrifying, and the temperature is so low that Xiao Yan is all overwhelmed. Did not think.

As soon as his fingers touched the water surface, a chill spread throughout Xiao Yan's body, and then there was no further text. Xiao Yan also felt relieved, did not stay too long, and went towards the center of the circular water mass.

Although this circular water mass is five meters long, it is only five meters long, and if it is high, it is only as high as Xiao Yan's palm.

Xiao Yan's palm surrounded by milky-white flames gently entered the circular water mass, and the milky-white flames surrounding Xiao Yan's palm also formed bursts of ice!

"This!" Xiao Yan was also startled at this time, obviously quite surprised.

You must know that Xiao Yan has as many as 23 kinds of different fires on his body at this time, and the milky white flames on his body are also combined with the 23 kinds of different fires. The power cannot be underestimated. The water in front of him can actually make Xiao Yan The flames produce ice formations!

This is unheard of!

What exactly is this water, and what secrets does it hold?

Xiao Yan temporarily suppressed the surprise and doubts in his heart, and walked towards the center of the water ball with his palms. There seemed to be something in the center...

Xiao Yan's palm was getting closer and closer to the center of the water mass, and an unheard of smell spread out instantly, and then the colorless and transparent water mass in front of him suddenly changed color while Xiao Yan was stunned!

"This is……"

"Blood Spirit Ice Liquid!" An extremely excited voice echoed from the bottom of the ghost well.

Ask for tickets!