Chapter 230: Enter the town ghost well!

"That's what the king of the dragon clan should have!" Long Yi also muttered to himself, obviously this fleeting breath was also discovered by Long Yi.

"Although my strength has recovered a lot, but after all, it is the body of the soul, so many things still have to be done by you."

"The most important point is that your body can't support my huge power attachment, but don't worry, when you go out from here, I will teach you a method of body refining that is unique to our dragon clan, and then... "

"Hehe..." The Golden Dragon King also laughed maliciously.

Although I don't know why, Xiao Yan actually has a feeling of being calculated, but he is looking forward to it. After all, the most powerful thing in the dragon family is the power of the flesh!

What's more, his master, the Golden Dragon King, is known for his physical strength, and he is quite looking forward to this body refining technique.

"Okay, let's not talk about this for now."

"Why did you come to the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest? It's very dangerous here." The Golden Dragon King also said in a deep voice.

"This way..." Xiao Yan briefly explained some of the things that happened before.

"Haha, is it a ghost well?"

"It's really been a long time since I saw it."

"Speaking of which, the twin ghost emperors and I have known each other for a long time. I never expected to see him here again today..." The Golden Dragon King also slowly stared at the ghost town in front of him.

"Master..." Xiao Yan also called out softly in his heart.

"I'm fine, I just remembered something unpleasant..." The Golden Dragon King also said sadly.

"The twin ghost emperors are actually divided into two people. Only when the two are combined can they be called the real twin ghost emperors. The one that was not sealed in Hongshan Hanchi before should be Xie Yin. As for the ghost town in front of me It is..."

"Yin evil!" The Golden Dragon King also murmured.

"Yin evil, evil yin..." Xiao Yan also said slowly.

"That's right, if we talk about it separately, the strength of the two is the weak evil that was sealed in the Red Mountain Cold Pond, and they are only a sixth-grade ghost emperor. As for the evil that was sealed in the ghost town, it is A powerhouse comparable to a seventh-rank Ghost Emperor!" The Golden Dragon King also muttered, with some seriousness in his words.

"Sixth rank Ghost Emperor, seventh rank Ghost Emperor..." Xiao Yan also quickly calculated in his heart.

The rank of this ghost emperor is the same as that of their fighting emperor. The strength of a sixth-grade ghost emperor is similar to that of a human powerhouse of a six-star fighting emperor. As for the seventh-grade...

"The ghost emperor sealed in this ghost well is actually so strong..." Xiao Yan was also slightly vigilant. Obviously, none of the twin ghost emperors could resist him now.

"And the most terrifying thing about these twin ghost emperors is that they can be merged into a whole. At that time, their strength will also be improved..." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"Fusion?" Xiao Yan was also slightly surprised. If the two parts of the twin ghost emperors sealed by this seal were fused together, then their strength...

Xiao Yan couldn't even imagine it!

According to Xiao Yan's current strength, although he is only in the early stage of the four-star Dou Emperor, he is not too stubborn to fight against the late four-star Dou Emperor, but as for the five-star Dou Emperor, or the more powerful six-star Dou Emperor...

"Hehe, you don't have to worry, I can vaguely feel that there is a rather powerful presence in this corpse forest that is also guarding this ghost town. Once there is a change in this town ghost well, obviously that person It won't sit still."

"Moreover, the person in charge of Xuan Santian who is in charge of this point grabbing competition also has a strong strength..." The Golden Dragon King also laughed.

I don't know why, after hearing the words of his master, the Golden Dragon King, Xiao Yan's first thought was Xiaoyue, even with Xiao Yan's strength and soul power, he couldn't see through, but that Xiaoyue could easily See through yourself, this is really...

"Let's go, let's go down and have a look first. In addition to the breath of the other half of the twin ghost emperors, I seem to feel a rather familiar breath in this ghost town. It is obviously the treasure in your mouth." The Golden Dragon King also said.

"En." Xiao Yan also walked into the well, ready to go down.

When Xiao Yan was talking with the Golden Dragon King, Yueru and Mu Feng were not idle either. Yueru kept checking the surroundings in an attempt to discover some unknown secrets, but after a while there was no university, so she had to give up .

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

As for Mu Feng, he was holding a wooden sword and staring at Zhenguijing as if thinking about something.

Mu Feng looked at the well, and after a while his expression changed slightly: "There is some ghostly energy in this well, but if you check it carefully, there is nothing. How could this be?"

"My wooden sword: Ziyu, since you came here and won't leave, it means that there must be some secret hidden in this well, but why can't I notice it at all?"

"Xiao Yan, can you detect anything?"

Xiao Yan glanced at Mu Feng, found that Mu Feng frowned, and then said indifferently: "I just found that there are some unusual ghosts in this ghost town, and there seems to be something deep in the well, it's just mine. The probe was isolated by some mysterious power, so that's why I know this..."

"Did Miss Yueru notice anything?" Mu Feng also glanced at Yueru in a puzzled way. At this moment, a strange light flashed in Xiao's eyes, but it just disappeared in a flash and they were not discovered by them.

Yueru also came to Xiao Yan's side, looked at the ghost, and said softly, "I have some strange aura in the vagueness, but unfortunately it's gone in a flash, it's hard to find out."

"Since what Xiao Yan needs is below, let's go down and have a look. It's not too late to leave if something is wrong."

"What do you think, Mu Feng?" After speaking, he looked at Mu Feng with a smile.

"What else can I do? I already said that I would give up my life to accompany the gentleman, so how can I break my promise." Mu Feng also acted as if it didn't matter. It is quite difficult to enter the top 100, not to mention that the current ranking is even higher. Although there is some element of luck, it is undeniable that luck is also a part of strength.

"Xiao Yan, what do you need here?" Mu Feng also asked curiously.

"It's just medicinal herbs, but something seems to be calling me in this ghost town..." Xiao Yan also said These excuses are naturally made up by Xiao Yan.

When Mu Feng heard this, he didn't ask any more questions, and looked at the wellhead.

Seeing this, Xiao Yan did not ask any further questions, and said softly, "This well is not big, I'm afraid we won't be able to go down together. I think I'll go down first and have a look."

"Mu Feng and Yueru, the two of you are here for the time being. Pay attention to the movement around you. If something happens, send a whistle, and I will come up immediately."

Mu Feng is also puzzled: "Xiao Yan, wait, how can you let you go in this kind of thing? I am the only one of the three of us who is good at this kind of thing. I should go."

You just stay here and talk to Miss Yueru. "After saying that, he smiled and turned around to push Xiao Yan away.

Xiao Yan grabbed him and said with a smile: "Next time I'll play a striker for you, this time, after all, you'll accompany me to find medicinal herbs, and I also feel that something in this ghost town is calling me, but you don't feel it. If you arrive, it would be a waste of time to go down..." After speaking, before Mu Feng could speak, Xiao Yan's body floated into the ghost-suppressing well.

Seeing Xiao Yan go down after he finished speaking, Mu Feng said angrily, "Really, why are you taking my job? In this way, you will be able to do everything in the future, so how can I be a fool."

"Next time, I must not talk to him more, just do it and talk..."

Yueru also had the same expression and was worried about Xiao Yan, so the two of them didn't speak, and looked at Zhenguijing in silence.

Ask for tickets!