Chapter 203: Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger and Mysterious Woman!

"Senior brother, to tell you the truth, this time something big may have happened." Wu Jiang also said seriously.

"What happened?" The middle-aged man in the red robe also said.

"This time, the Hongshan stronghold I was in charge of lost nearly 100 people!"

"And according to my investigation, ninety-six of them have been thrown into the blood pool and turned into blood. The remaining four, two are the sons of the Jiang family, one is in a coma, one is still missing, and the remaining two are still missing. People are the first and third of the fifth-class talented newcomers this time." Wu Jiang also said briefly.

"So there are still four people missing?" The middle-aged man in the red robe also muttered to himself.

"What's wrong with my senior brother?" Wu Jiang also asked after seeing his senior brother's contemplation.

Chang Yu, Wu Jiang's senior brother, is also a teacher of the outer sect of Burning Incense Pavilion. He has a very good relationship with Wu Jiang.

"It's okay, in fact, it's not your fault. After all, this "twin ghost emperor" is very cunning, and Hongshan is the closest mountain range to seal it, so these things are also..."

"But you can rest assured. When you sealed it a thousand years ago, you expected today's results, so you sealed it separately, so as long as this "twin ghost emperor" doesn't fuse the two, you can handle it with your strength."

"As for those who died, only "compensation orders" can be issued." Chang Yu also sighed.

"Hey, that's the only way..." Wu Jiang was also ashamed. After all, these people disappeared in the places under his jurisdiction, and he felt a little uncomfortable.

Compassion order, this is a token dedicated to all sects in Xuan Santian. The issuance of this token means that the deceased was accidentally mutilated by ghosts in the ghost world. The sect in Xuantian Santian will give certain compensation, but once this compensation order is issued, It means people die.

"It's not your fault, the seal strength is also constantly weakening. Obviously, this "twin ghost emperor" has been planning for a long time, otherwise it would be impossible to break through the seal so easily..."

"Besides, swallowing up the power of the blood of ninety-six newcomers did not satisfy the position of one hundred. In addition to the fact that the ghost emperor forcibly broke the seal, the strength of the ghost emperor was also greatly damaged..." Chang Yu said.

"You mean..."

"We have a ghost here..." Wu Jiang frowned and said slightly.

"Shhhhh, I came here quietly, don't let other people know about this, I'll help you in secret." Chang Yu put his finger outside his mouth and blew lightly.

"Well." Wu Jiang and Hu Du also said in unison.

"I'll go inside and take a look. You all pay attention to the seal on the third floor of the Infernal Corpse Forest. If you can't stop the Ghost Emperor from breaking through the seal, everything will be done according to your ability. I always feel that things are not that simple." Chang Yu finished. It disappeared out of thin air and headed towards the Yin Corpse Forest.

"Senior senior brother still comes and goes without a trace." Hu Du also laughed.

"Well, let's be more careful, this corpse forest is very strange." Wu Jiang also said.

"Oh, yes, most of the people in Hongshan and Honggu go to worship their ancestors." Hu Du also said as if he remembered something.

"Yeah." Wu Jiang agreed casually, staring at the many light groups in front of him. As the general manager, he had to ensure the fairness of the trials.

"Tsk tsk tsk, this first place is actually a woman at the pinnacle of a four-star Dou Emperor, it's really terrifying!" Mu Feng also smacked his lips.

"Okay, anyway, there will be countermeasures when we encounter it in the future."

"Let's go too, we may still be on the outside on the first floor." Xiao Yan also laughed, obviously the first place in the peak of the four-star Dou Emperor put a lot of pressure on him, so Xiao Yan also felt that he should act. On the one hand, to prepare for breaking through the four-star Dou Di, on the other hand, it is also to increase the points.

"Well, let's go." Yueru also sounded like a silver bell.

Xiao Yan and the others walked towards the first floor vigilantly.

On the second floor of the Yin Corpse Forest, a mountain peak, a huge giant tiger is slowly lying on the ground, with a small figure on its forehead.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

Taking a closer look, isn't the one lying on the tiger's head a human woman?

You know, apart from dragons and some powerful races, tigers have always been one of the few monsters that can be called overlords, and every tiger has a conspicuous sign on its forehead.” "Wang", symbolizes that the tiger is the king of all beasts, so let alone lying on the tiger's forehead.

If Xiao Yan were here, he would be able to recognize at a glance that this so-called tiger was the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger with a fierce reputation!

And looking at the pattern of the word "King" on the forehead of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, it has five patterns!

This symbolizes that this Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger possesses a strength comparable to that of a human five-star fighting emperor!

This woman is lying on the forehead of the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, isn't she afraid of being eaten by one bite?

As we all know, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is famous for its fierceness.

The Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger is a magical beast with a unique flame attribute. This Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger lives by devouring all kinds of flames, so it is particularly fond of flames, but don’t underestimate the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger, which combines different flames. Tiger, its power is also very powerful!

"Big tiger, big tiger, have you woken up?"

"Why are you so lazy!" The woman on the forehead said dissatisfiedly.

Hearing the woman's words, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger on the side also called out "Ouch~" a few times, as if it was resistance, indicating that it was very incongruous for the woman to lie on the forehead of the king of beasts like this.

"Resistance is invalid!" The woman also sounded like a silver bell.

Hearing that, the Heavenly Fire Sacred Tiger was helpless and made a few "Ouch", and then let the woman lie on his forehead.

The woman on the forehead of the Heavenly Fire Tiger has a beautiful headgear on top of her hair, and two dark ponytails also collapsed from the silver headgear. The neat bangs also set off the woman's egg-like face. Even more beautiful The double ponytails swayed left and right under the breeze, making the woman look full of vitality.

The woman's azure blue dress outlines her entire body. This almost perfect line exudes flames that are also azure blue, wrapping the woman round and round, like a princess in fire.

In this regard, Tianhuo Shenghu is also very happy, because the blue flame emanating from this woman is flowing into his body continuously, and the huge energy contained in it is only known to Tianhuo Shenghu himself, so he did not stop the woman from lying on the ground. on your forehead.

"Is that Mu Yingying here?"

"Why didn't I see it?" It was a man dressed in silver who spoke, and the token in the man's hand had 21,000 points on it.

"No, her breath is here, you can't go wrong." said a figure in a white robe behind.

"Where is it?" The white figure also pointed to a mountain peak and said.

The man with the silver figure followed the guide and found that on a slightly upright mountain, there was a woman who was enough to make everything look pale. The strange thing was that there seemed to be an inconspicuous "king" under the woman's jade feet. .

"It can be considered that I found you."

"It seems that the first place is none other than me." The silver figure also roared, and then quickly flew away to the mountain peak on the side!

Ask for a ticket~

There will be one more in a while!