Chapter 24: Detoxify!

Yue Yu's exclaimed voice immediately turned to look at the milky white terrifying high-temperature flames in front of her, and when she looked at her daughter Yueru, a trace of relief appeared.

"When I went to the Warcraft Mountains to hunt monsters, I was accidentally injured by the "Nine Nether Fire" on the body of a "Nine Nether Sparrow" that was comparable to the level of the Six-Star Dou Di. Inextinguishable, I have used many methods and can't erase the traces of flames, and the flames will devour my vitality. Today, I have no time, even if I read many ancient books to find it. A glimmer of hope."

"It is rumored that the Fire Elf or the Holy Flame is the king of flames in the world, and getting one of them may hopefully cure this "Nine Serenity Fire"." The middle-aged man in the room who was originally on the bed stared at Xiao Yi. road.

"Little friend is really amazing. You can actually possess such a rare thing as a fire elf. If that's the case, then this old man's life will be handed over to your little friend."

"Let's say goodbye to life and death, don't worry!" A decisive voice came from the house.

Xiao Yan slowly approached the side room, and a faint soft light was coming out. ??

Xiao Yan gently pushed open the door of the outer room. The inner room had quite a lot of space. In the center, a large bed was placed in it. A middle-aged man with a dry face was lying on it. Around the bed, several maids were waiting. Busy and busy. ??

Hearing the sound of the door, they cast their gazes and hurriedly walked down. ?

? Slowly approaching the big bed, Xiao Yan swept his eyes on the bed, and found that Yue Yu's face was faintly covered with a large gray-black color, and there was a hint of death on the quiet face.

"It's really serious..." Xiao Yan said in a low voice, glancing at the middle-aged man's face where he almost stepped into the grave with half of his feet.

"Yeah, this kind of fire poison that can devour life force, I am afraid that even a six-star Doudi powerhouse would not dare to easily mess with it. Father can survive so many years, and he has reached the limit.??" Behind him, Di Yueru also looked at the person in front of her with distress.

Shaking his head, he immediately said cautiously, "Xiao Yan, please do your best to save my father!" Yue Ru's eyes were a little red, and her voice seemed to be much hoarse.

"Don't worry, it's not a big problem, I'm going to start."

"Be careful not to let anyone disturb me." Xiao Yan also agreed, and then said to Yueru.

The state in front of me can only be eliminated by wrapping the strange fire in Yueyu's body with soul power, so it needs a quiet place that will not be disturbed by others. Is the end of the loss!

On the side, Yueru nodded slightly moved. She knew very well that a large part of the reason Xiao Yan would help her was because of the president of the Alchemist Association. A pair of bright eyes stared at the tall, indifferent young man beside him.

"I don't have any other way, so I can only follow the method you said, senior, use the flame power of the fire spirit to enter the body, and then slowly expel the fire poison." Xiao Yan looked carefully and shook his head. He shook his head, calmly.

"In that case, the danger should be great, right?" Hearing this, Yueru whispered slightly hesitantly.

"Less than fifty percent certainty.?"

In the quiet house, Yue Ru seemed to be talking in a low voice, occasionally turning her eyes to the two people beside the bed, and as time passed, watching the sweat dripping down her father's face and the blue veins on her arms throbbing. , Yueru's eyes showed some anxiety and anxiety.

It wasn't that she was afraid that Xiao Yan would poison her father, it was just that this method of eliminating toxins made De Yueru feel distressed.

My father has suffered too much in taking care of this family, and now he is suffering from such deep pain, how could Yueru not feel distressed.

Xiao Yan's face was still calm, the fingers on Yue Yu's back trembled slightly, the faint milky white flame was constantly enveloped by the power of the soul, and then cautiously entered the latter's body, gradually using the high temperature to expel those in his body. It has invaded the "Nine Serenity Fire Poison" attached to the bones.

The milky white flame is wrapped around the black bone. Although the two seem to be close to each other, but if you look carefully, you can find that there is a very small gap between them. The temperature of the different fire is too terrible. If it comes into direct contact with Yue Yu's bones, even if the opponent is a strong Dou Di, he will definitely be seriously injured or even die in an instant!

The fiery high temperature penetrated from the flame, and then slowly roasted those jet-black bones.

As the milky-white flame continued to smoke, wisps of black mist quietly emanated from the bones, and before escaping, a cluster of milky-white flames swooped in, wrapped in, and took advantage of the terrifying high temperature to gradually The "brand poison" mist, which even the strong Dou Emperor had to treat with dignity, was smouldered and turned into nothingness...

However, when Xiao Yan used the strange fire to burn the black mist, he did not find it. ?? At the moment when the black mist was about to evaporate, some inexplicable black things turned out to be slowly mixed with the milky white flame, and immediately became completely silent.

"Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeey use powerful force to get rid of them.

As time passed quietly, the jet-black bones wrapped in Xiao Yan's milky white flames gradually returned to their normal colors at a speed visible to the naked eye.

At this time, Di Yueyu's whole body was soaked with sweat. ?? The middle-aged face seemed to be decades old, twitching constantly, and the sound of sucking cold air leaked out from the gap between the teeth.

"Refreshing! It's been a long time since I've been this refreshing! The little brother is really good!" Yue Yu felt that the "Nine Serenity Fire" that had been entrenched in her body for a long time without moving, actually retreated slowly in front of the milky white flame controlled by Xiao Yan. , that feels as if Jiuyouhuo's fear comes from the heart!

"This fire elf is really powerful!" Yue Yu just wanted to take a closer look at Xiao Yan, but she couldn't imagine that the Nine Nether Fire in her body was squeezed into one place more and more urgently, and her fist died immediately. Squeezed to death, the blue veins swayed on his arm, like a small snake, Yue Yu's voice was a little hoarse and trembling.

Behind him, Xiao Yan's forehead was also covered with sweat. Such a long time of manipulating the strange fire to use it with such a high degree of precision was also a considerable burden on his soul power. He was still with the man in black. During the battle, his soul strength did not return to normal, and he was still struggling. Hearing Yue Yu's trembling question, he nodded slightly.

He said softly: "Keep your breath, now I have gathered the nine secluded fires at one point, and you're done!"

Yue Yu heard that she also gritted her teeth and pushed forward, the teeth made a slight noise, and large drops of sweat fell on her forehead! Obviously how painful it is, the pain that burns to the bone!

"Puff puff!" Yue Yu spat out a few mouthfuls of black blood, and the blood exuded a scorching temperature. As soon as she landed on the ground, Xiao Yi was surrounded by milky white flames.

"Hahaha! It's comfortable!" Yue Yu found out from the blood she had just spit out, that the "Nine Serenity Fire" entrenched in her body was also expelled from the body at this moment!

When the last ray of milky white flame was recovered into his body, Xiao Yan breathed a sigh of relief, wiped the cold sweat on his forehead, and said with a smile, "The basic nine secluded fires have been eliminated, and they will recover after a few days of training. "

"Father!" Yueru saw that her father's face had regained some blood, and she did not care about Xiao Yan's existence in this room, she swooped on her father who had just escaped danger, and instantly burst into tears.

"Daddy, I said you'll be fine."

"Do you think it's all right now?"

"Woooooooo~"

​​