Chapter Vol 2 797: Killer Mingjiao!

"You and the resentful old monster can't beat the vicious old monster?" But the next moment, Xiao Yan suddenly spoke up.

"My strength is probably the weakest among the three old monsters, but now that I have devoured the Emperor Leopard, plus some of the things I have cultivated, now that my strength has returned to the middle stage of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor, I can even deal with the resentful old monsters. "

"But it's still not enough to deal with the vicious old monster." Hate the old monster said helplessly.

"What kind of strength does the vicious old monster have?"

"Could it be that the Nine Stars Dou Di has suddenly appeared?" Xiao Yan hesitated before opening his mouth slightly.

If the strength of the vicious old monster broke through the Jiuxing Dou Emperor, I am afraid that the two Yiquan of life and death are in good hands, and Xiao Yan has to think about it clearly. People who have no strength are naturally extremely difficult to deal with.

"Boy, do you think Jiu Xing Dou Di is Chinese cabbage?" Hearing the words, the hated old monster gave Xiao Yan a blank look and said immediately.

"The strength of the vicious old monster is only in the late stage of the Eight-star Dou Di. If we fight alone, we are not afraid at all."

"But this guy seems to have a natural understanding of animal language, and he has a good relationship with monsters."

"So in my memory, there are no less than ten powerful monsters around the vicious old monster."

"And one of them is a monster with a history of 10,000 years."

"This is the reason why we are afraid of the vicious old monster, otherwise, how could the treasure land of the Second Yiquan of Life and Death be eroded by it all the time." After the hated old monster finished speaking, his voice was full of jealousy.

"A 10,000-year-old beast?" Xiao Yan heard the words, but now he became vigilant.

Many monsters are different from humans. As the monsters survive longer and longer, their strength will become more and more terrifying, and monsters have a long lifespan since ancient times.

However, for monsters that can live for more than 10,000 years, they are probably more powerful than the imperial leopard!

The strength of the Emperor Leopard is already that of the Eight-Star Dou Emperor. This Emperor Leopard has not survived for ten thousand years. The beast that has existed for ten thousand years may have already stepped into the Nine-Star Dou Emperor, which made Xiao Yan have to become heavy.

Moreover, Xiao Yan remembered that although his uncle, the Golden Dragon King, was of the dragon family, in the final analysis he belonged to the class of beasts. I am afraid that his uncle had been alive for nearly 100,000 years.

"Since the matter is over, then I won't accompany you anymore." After the hater finished speaking, obviously there was still something to do, he said immediately.

"Oh, wait."

"Then what happened to the fighting spirit?" Xiao Yan immediately asked when he saw that the old hater was about to leave.

"The strength of that fighting spirit is unfathomable. Originally, the fighting spirit was in Jade Rabbit Island, but I feel that now he should go to Guanghan Island. There is something in Guanghan Island that attracts him."

"I don't know exactly how to conquer the fighting spirit, but if you want to conquer the fighting spirit, you hold this thing, it will definitely be used later."

"I got this thing at the risk of my life. If you hadn't tried your best to help me, I wouldn't have taken it out," said the hateful old monster.

"Okay." Xiao Yan hated the thing in the old monster's hand that was wrapped in a mass of silver-white power. Although he couldn't see exactly what it was, Xiao Yan could feel an ancient aura from it.

"If that's the case, then let's go, I have other things to do." Hate the old monster said, and then the figure disappeared instantly.

"This guy." Xiao Yan watched the hated old monster disappear as fast as lightning, and immediately said a word, then without hesitation, he swept out of the ground and headed for the large army.

"No, why hasn't Xiao Yan come back?"

"We have to go in and have a look." After a while, Leng Fuyao couldn't hold back and said anxiously outside the Zizhu Forest.

Leng Fuyao's attitude towards Xiao Yan has undergone an earth-shaking change since he knew that in order to save himself, Xiao Yan went into the dangerous Purple Bamboo Forest desperately.

"Fuyao, don't worry, Xiao Yanji has his own vision, and we will only cause him trouble if we go in." Qin Xin spoke slowly.

"But..." Leng Fuyao wanted to say something just now, but the words couldn't come out of his mouth.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Don't worry, Xiao Yan will be fine." Mu Yingying stood up immediately, Mu Yingying and Xiao Yan were some famous friendship, so Mu Yingying was naturally Xiao Yan's tyranny.

"Hopefully." Yue Ru also murmured in a low voice, obviously worried about Xiao Yan.

Immediately, the group waited outside the Purple Bamboo Forest.

"Hey, young master, look."

"What is that?" Not far from Mu Yingying's group, the two thin figures slowly appeared, and one of them spoke slightly.

"What beautiful women." The man known as the young master cast a glance, and suddenly there was a strange look in his eyes.

"Master, these women are all very good looking. I'm afraid only this kind of woman can match you. Those ordinary girls in the outside world are not worthy of you." The thin figure continued to flatter.

"Oh, that's it." The man said.

These two are clearly disciples of the Ming Sect.

Mingjiao, this is a sect with uncertain affiliation. Some people have investigated whether Mingjiao is right or wrong, but the final result is a great disappointment.

Mingjiao's headquarters is located at the top of the light, which is an extremely dangerous place. Among the Mingjiao, it is said that it masters assassination and is on the edge of Xuantian San. It can be said unceremoniously that Mingjiao is the most powerful killer organization in the entire Xuantian. .

As long as you pay enough, the Ming Cult will have the courage to take over even if you are an immortal warrior.

As for the two young disciples in front of them, they are the most outstanding disciples of the Ming Cult this year. This time they sent them to the ruins for the purpose of training and participating in the sect competition in the future.

The man's name is Xu Guang. He is dressed in silver, and his body is silver and white. With his beautiful facial features, he has the demeanor of a handsome man, and the thin man beside him is a submissive. It looks like a follower.

"A powerhouse in the early stage of the Seven Star Dou Di..."

"And it looks a bit like Xiu Qi from Wanhua Pavilion," said the silver man Xu Guang.

"Xiu Qi?"

"Although that guy's strength is only in the early stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor, he is comparable to a powerhouse in the middle-stage of the Seven-Star Dou Emperor." The attendant was shocked when he heard the words.

"Try it in the past, so many beauties, even if they can't be in their pockets, they can still be friends." After Xu Guang finished speaking, he rushed to the Zizhu Forest with his entourage.

Xu Guangneng, as a representative of the younger generation of Mingjiao, although he likes outstanding women very much, he will not be blinded by women.

"Hehe, a few beauties, don't know what you are doing here?" After a while, Xu Guang brought his entourage slowly to the Zizhu Forest, and then asked politely to Mu Yingying and her party.

"Sure enough, she is a top-quality woman." Xu Guang got close to these women, only to realize that these women are all top-quality.

First was Mu Yingying, she really had a holy aura, like a peerless woman who was not rendered by the atmosphere of the world, and although Leng Fuyao was cold on the surface, Xu Guang knew that if this kind of woman captured her heart, she would be so hot How wonderful will the fiery passion be...

In addition to Qinxin's noble aura, one can tell at a glance that she is from a famous family, and Yueru is even more stubborn, obviously each has its own characteristics.