Chapter 97: Xun Er!

?? In the quiet wooden house, Xiao Yan also closed his eyes and calmly adjusted his state.

According to his master Jinlong King, this solid foundation Peiyuan Dan is also the peak of the first-order Tiandan. If it is not adjusted to the best state, Xiao Yan will not dare to rashly take action. After all, the medicinal materials are extremely limited.

The first-order imperial-grade medicinal pills are divided into three levels of heaven, earth, and profound. Xiao Yan has to pay attention to the fact that this solid-base Peiyuan pill can be ranked at the top of the first-grade emperor.

In the midst of such busyness, a simple jade pendant that recorded the souls of Xun'er and the others slowly fell out and caught Xiao Yan's eyes.

"Xun'er, Cailin, how are you all..." Xiao Yan also muttered to himself.

On the Dou Qi Continent on weekdays, Xun'er and Cai Lin were always by his side. He didn't notice the big nervous lines, but now that he left, he suddenly felt that something was missing, and his heart felt a little empty. .

And after discovering his emotions, he was quite annoyed again, because he remembered that since he came to this Doudi Continent, he had separated, the now missing Xun'er and Cailin, the usually gentle and moving girl, Just like spring water, it penetrates people's hearts unknowingly, with a cold but tender color scale, the two of them are deeply imprinted in the depths of their hearts, no matter what, they can't get rid of them.

And when he thought of that elegant girl with a hint of mystery, Xiao Yan couldn't help but stop the flame in his hand, and cast his eyes from the wooden house, but he didn't know which direction to cast, and for a while, He could only sigh and murmur in a low voice: "Xun'er, Cailin, you have to wait for me, I will find you as soon as possible!"

"Don't be distracted, I will take you to find them when the matter here is over." The Golden Dragon King also saw Xiao Yan's thoughts, and then comforted him.

"Um."

"Let's start the fire." The Golden Dragon King said.

In a world outside the Xuanling Continent, there are seven mountain peaks shrouded in clouds and mist, and the seven mountain peaks are slowly intertwined, as if forming a mysterious rune.

One of the seven peaks, in front of an exquisite attic, a slender green shadow sat on a stone platform and stared blankly into the distance. Worthy of a grasp, three thousand blue silks were casually tied with a lavender ribbon. The breeze was blowing, and the blue silk fluttered, giving the girl a refined and refined temperament.

The girl's beautiful eyes revealed a faint golden color. She seemed to sense something moving in the attic. She closed her eyes slightly. After a while, she finally slowly opened. After dispersing, the mountain top became clear and visible.

"Father, are you back?"

The girl turned back suddenly, her rosy mouth spit out lightly, and an ethereal silver bell-like clear voice echoed from the top of the mountain.

And as her voice fell, the shadow under a corner of the attic not far away suddenly wriggled strangely, and immediately turned into a familiar figure, it was Gu Yuan!

When Gu Yuan appeared, he also looked at the girl in front of him lovingly.

"Father, how about you rest first? Is there any news about him?" The girl suddenly sat up from the stone platform and turned around.

Showing that smiling cheek with a clear lotus and refined temperament, at this moment, in the voice that is always difficult to fluctuate, there is actually a little more impatient.

And this cheek, other than the Xun'er who made Xiao Yanchao think about it at night, who else could it be?

But no matter how she changes, there is still one thing that remains, that is, when she hears the news about that name, Gu Jing Wubo's state of mind will ripple in circles.

Perhaps as Ling Ying had expected at the beginning, there would be a shadow in Xun'er's heart forever. This shadow, even the stubborn coercion of the clan, would be difficult to erase.

He clearly heard the urgency in Xun'er's tone, and Gu Yuan sighed in his heart.

"I can't believe what Ling Ying said is true..."

When he was on Dou Qi Continent, Ling Ying once told Gu Yuan about this, but Gu Yuan didn't take it to heart.

"Only when she hears about Young Master Xiao Yan, will she truly be like an ordinary girl, she is usually as unmoving as a mountain, but she is like those old monsters who have been cultivating for many years. , but it lacks the liveliness that a girl should have." Ling Ying said.

These thoughts flashed in his heart, but Gu Yuan had a doting look on his face, smiled and shook his head.

"Don't worry, Xun'er, Xiao Yan will be fine." Gu Yuan also hurriedly comforted him.

"Yeah." Xun'er also responded slightly.

"I'm still going out looking for Xiao Yan."

"But Xun'er, you can be more careful recently. This place is no better than the ancients on the Dou Qi Continent. Although I don't know why, the people here seem to have other plans for you." Gu Yuan also said.

After coming out of the mysterious passage of Dou Qi Continent, they seemed to be separated. Xun'er and her father went to one place, and Cailin and Zhu Kun also seemed to be missing.

Xun'er and Gu Yuan also gradually knew some of the rules of this Dou Di, and they found the ancient tribe on Dou Di Continent by relying on the power of blood.

The ancients were also the leading forces on the Dou Di Continent. With the addition of Gu Yuan and Xun'er, they were also very welcome. Being able to advance from Dou Qi Continent to Dou Di Continent to Dou Di Continent could mean a lot.

Moreover, when the stewards of the ancient clan discovered the bloodline of the gods in Xun'er's body and the golden emperor Fen Tianyan, their attitudes changed greatly, and they gave Gu Yuan a mountain as a place to practice and live.

The seven peaks are called Xianxian Peak by the people in the clan. As the name suggests, each mountain is inhabited by people who have made outstanding contributions to the ancient clan, or are powerful enough to fight immortals Xun'er and the others were also surprised why they were treated this way.

It stands to reason that even the bloodline of the gods is only useful before the Emperor Dou. After all, it is the purest bloodline of the gods, so there is only one possibility.

The Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan in her body.

Xun'er also clearly remembered that Emperor Jin's Fen Tianyan ranked fourth on the Dou Qi Continent's list of different fires, and the color was golden.

Although it is not as mysterious as the Jinglian Demon Fire, it has a splendid name in ancient times, and this kind of strange fire is the fire inherited from their ancient clan, even before Xun'er, few people can conquer it. .

The Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan was a terrifying fire that claimed that even his fighting spirit would be burned. Legend has it that the first owner of the Golden Emperor Fen Tianyan, when he cast this fire, directly burned the space created by a strong fighting saint into nothingness.

However, after thinking to no avail, Xun'er and Gu Yuan also stayed, planning to find Xiao Yan and leave the ancient clan.

Because although it is an ancient clan, when they entered the ancient clan, it was strange, and they did not see the patriarch and some elders of the ancient clan at all.

And the breath of these ancient people is also a bit strange...

Hearing that his father did not find Xiao Yan either, a delicate jade pendant appeared on Xun'er's slender jade hand.

This is the Soul Jade given by Xiao Yan!

The jade hand gently touched the slowly beating patterns on the jade pendant, and Xun'er muttered to himself outside the old man's mountain.

"Brother Xiao Yan, do you know?"

"Xun'er misses you so much..."

Sorry sorry!

I originally planned to add two more updates today, but the manuscript was swallowed, and this chapter was just coded!

More tomorrow! ...

Set a small goal first, such as 1 second to remember: Shukeju mobile version reading website: