Chapter Vol 4 1145: Dou 1 star Douxian late stage

"Shabu shabu!!" The two of Xiao Yan followed the mysterious man with the atmosphere of the Yu family, hiding in the downtown area, and the mysterious man was also extremely cautious, every time he walked around, he changed his purpose, obviously for fear that people would discover him. Purpose, so with the help of this mix of audio-visual.

However, even if the mysterious man was so cautious, he still couldn't escape Xiao Yan's pursuit.

"Be careful." And Qing Wen followed Xiao Yan with serious eyes.

He knows that the relationship between the Qing family and the Yu family can be said to be extremely bad. If it wasn't for the coercion of the City Lord's Mansion, I am afraid that the two families would have already fought each other, so he encountered this mysterious person with the atmosphere of the Yu family. People, of course, want to go and find out.

And now is the time of danger, Harumon always feels that the Yu family is planning something.

"Where's the person?" And because he was worried, Qing Wen followed Xiao Yan, but turned into a small alley and saw Xiao Yan stopped.

"We... exposed." Xiao Yan said in surprise.

As soon as Xiao Yan finished speaking, on the wall of the alley, the mysterious man in black was squatting down, revealing a pair of gloomy cold lights staring at Xiao Yan and Xiao Yan.

"Boy, why are you two following me?" The mysterious man spoke first, his voice filled with an extremely arrogant look.

"Follow you?"

"Stop being self-motivated, our side is just taking the road." At the next moment, Xiao Yan was also an old man after all, without any panic, he opened his mouth to greet him.

"Humph."

"It's nonsense."

"I originally thought that the two of you were on the way, but the two of you have been following me since you entered the ghost king city."

"So, who are you guys in the end!" After the man in black finished speaking, he came directly to Xiao Yan with a domineering aura.

"It's actually an Immortal Fighter?" After feeling this tyrannical aura, Xiao Yan couldn't help being a little surprised.

The reason why he found this man in black in the vast crowd was because he had the same aura as Yu Quan, and secondly, the aura on his body was vague, so Xiao Yan noticed it.

As for Yu Quan, he handed it over to the Qing family's subordinates to bring back to the Qing family before entering the ghost king city. After all, there are still many secret passages in the Qing family.

The next moment, a rather mysterious scroll appeared in the palm of the man in black.

The scroll had a thick wrist, but there was an incomparably mysterious aura all over his body, even Xiao Yan was a little surprised.

"This is……"

"Enchantment?"

"It seems that this guy is determined to swallow us." Qing Wen looked at the scroll that appeared in the man in black and couldn't help saying.

"The enchantment scroll is a treasure that temporarily conceals a piece of space and disappears from the eyes of outsiders. Although it is expensive, it is better to use. After being enveloped by the enchantment scroll, it can kill people invisible." Seriously, it was obvious that the pressure that the man in black in front of him put on him was tyrannical compared to Yu Quan.

"Two boys, die!" At the next moment, the palm of the man in black squirmed lightly, and instantly crushed the enchantment scroll, and then circles of black aura permeated from its scroll, and the next moment was shrouded here.

"It's exactly what I want." When this scene appeared, Xiao Yan's face also smiled slightly.

Yu Quan's strength has just reached the middle stage of One Star Fighting Immortal, and the guy in front of him is undoubtedly more dangerous than Yuquan, so according to Xiao Yan's guess, his strength is likely to have reached the late One Star Fighting Immortal!

You must know that even if it is a mere small level, the gap between the Immortal Fighters is very different, not to mention the powerhouses who want to fight against the late One Star Fighting Immortals!

If Xiao Yan hadn't possessed the holy flame, it would have been a fantasy if he wanted to use his own power to deal with a late-stage One Star Fighting Immortal Fighter.

"I just made a breakthrough, let me try it." There was just a hint of seriousness on Qing Wen's face, but he was stunned by Xiao Yan's voice.

"what?"

"That's a powerhouse comparable to the late One Star Fighting Immortal!" Qing Wen couldn't help but said.

"Don't worry, it's up to me." Xiao Yan smiled back at Qing Wen.

Xiao Yan knew that he had just arrived here and was unfamiliar with life. If he could show his tyrannical strength in front of Qing Wen, he would undoubtedly gain a lot of relationships, and he might even gain some rare things in the ghost world. intelligence.

"The two are just kids who have just set foot in Dou Xian, let's die." The man in black didn't seem to be too worried about Xiao Yan and Qing Wen, and said slowly.

As soon as the voice fell, the palm of the hand suddenly lifted, and a fiery red power of fighting immortals, with a terrifying heat wave, slowly drifted out.

Without any bells and whistles, it was the fiery red power of the Immortal Fighting that roared away directly. Because of the man in black's confidence in his own strength, under this blow, the two of them would die.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

"Boom boom boom!" The space enveloped by the enchantment scroll was only a hundred meters away, but the temperature of such a small space was soared by the fiery red fighting immortal power of the man in black.

"It's actually a fire attribute?" When Xiao Yan saw this scene, he couldn't help laughing.

If this man in black's power of fighting immortals is also of the fire attribute, I am afraid that when he really fights, the pressure on himself will be greatly reduced.

After all, in terms of fire attributes, I am afraid that no one is more powerful than Xiao Yan, who has the holy flame, the king of flames of heaven and earth.

"It's good!" Xiao Yan shouted loudly, and the Fen Jue in the body started to run first, and then in the core of the battle, circles of fiery red Dou Xian suddenly gathered towards Xiao Yan's body and limbs.

"Boom boom boom!" Just when the attack of the man in black came to Xiao Yan, Xiao Yan's fiery red fighting power, like a flood, poured out at the same time.

"Bang bang bang!" In the fierce battle between the two powers of fighting immortals, Xiao Yan's power of fighting immortals had the upper hand!

"Oh...you seem to have something good on you kid." Seeing that the power of fighting immortals dissipated instantly, the man in black couldn't help but wonder, his voice was full of jokes.

"It seems that your strength in the late stage of Star Fighting Immortal, your proud fighting power, is not as strong as you imagined." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

The power of fighting immortals, of course, is related to the strength of fighting immortals. The stronger the strength, the stronger the strength of fighting immortals in the same attribute.

If the power of the Fire Attribute Fighting Immortal in the early stage of One Star Fighting Immortal is comparable to that of one, then the power of the Fire Attribute Fighting Immortal Power in the later stage of One Star Fighting Immortal is 1.5!

Don't underestimate the power of 0.5. This 0.5 power is enough to cause an easy unilateral kill.

In addition to this, there are many other heavenly and earthly treasures that can fight against immortals in advance, but among these heavenly materials and earthly treasures, only Shengyan is the real leader!

It is the real king level!