Chapter Vol 4 1020: main hall

But when Xiao Yan and the others swept away the correct passage, Tian Qian and Tian Hong took a step earlier and went directly to the main hall of Saint Yan.

"Come here again..." Tianhong said with a frown as he looked at the blue stone gate in front of him.

Tianhong still clearly remembers that when the four of them first came here, their strength was extremely weak, and it was here that they met the man who would never be forgotten in their entire lives.

Fenxiangge Senior Brother Yin Tong.

In that battle, Yin Tong only relied on the power of one person to fight their Xuanling royal family for four days alone, and even if it hadn't appeared in the end, the four of them would have been completely obliterated by it.

"The lunatic Yin Tong, if it wasn't for the things inside, we would have died at his hands." Tian Hong looked at the blue stone gate and said, his voice full of fear.

Regarding the power of Yin Tong, even if their strength has skyrocketed now, they are still afraid when they think of it.

"Yintong is indeed very strong, but against our Xuanling royal family, it will not end well."

"And this guy, didn't he end up in a sad end..." Tiangan laughed.

"Okay, time is running out, let's get down to business." While the two of them were talking slowly, two extremely evil black auras could emerge from their bodies, and then turned into two The black group appeared in front of the two of them.

"Sir, we have already arrived in front of the main hall of Saint Flame, and now we need the two of you to take action before we can open the door of the hall." With the appearance of these two black groups, Qian said in a respectful tone that day.

"Hahaha."

"The last time the four of us escaped from here, this time, we will definitely let the glory of our Gorefiend clan be present!" The second group of evil black groups laughed at the same time, and then without any hesitation, the evil black group of origin, It emerged directly and attacked the palace gate covered with blue light.

"Come in!" The next moment, when the power of evil just touched the blue temple gate, a silent void crack appeared out of thin air.

As soon as the second group's evil black group's voice fell, Tiangan and Tiangan looked at each other and poured directly into it, and then the space here returned to calm.

"This road... it's so strange." After choosing the most central passage of the five roads, Xiao Yan and the others moved forward a little distance, and Xiao Yi spoke first.

"It's a bit strange..."

"But my perception tells me that this is right." Xiao Yan asked the Soul Eater three times, and the Soul Eater also insisted that the main hall of Saint Flame was this way.

And this road is extremely ordinary. It is paved with ordinary blue and white rocks, and there is a circular passage around it. Even Xiao Yan's soul perception can't perceive the end.

"Let's go then."

"Every time he is with him, he has never made a mistake. I believe his perception will not be wrong." The next moment, the always quiet Mu Yingying also spoke.

"This..." Seeing Mu Yingying's appearance like this, Yan Chi and Xiao Yi both looked at each other, obviously their pupils became strange.

"that……"

"There is light ahead!" In the next moment, Xiao Yan hurriedly broke this embarrassing situation and said directly.

"It's over?" When Xiao Yi and Yan Chi said this, they immediately turned their attention to the front.

"Let's go!" Xiao Yan said in Zaidu. As soon as he finished speaking, the four of them gathered directly towards the light spot in front of him.

"This is……"

"The gate of the main hall?" As soon as the entrance was poured out, an incomparably huge cyan gate suddenly appeared in front of the four of them.

ァ新ヤ~⑧~1~中文网ωωω.χ~⒏~1zщ.còм

It's just that above the blue gate, a blue light slowly lingered, protecting it tightly.

"This cyan light should be transformed by holy flames, and the purpose is to guard the gate of the temple."

"It seems that we really did not go wrong." Yan Chi said to Xiao Yan while looking at the giant blue gate in front of him.

"Don't disturb my brother, he has a unique skill and should be able to crack the gate of the palace." At the next moment, Xiao Yi also walked up, trying to study the blue palace gate like Yan Chi.

"Why didn't you hear about it before..." Xiao Yi sighed uncontrollably when she heard the words.

"Only some seals with the power of holy flame can be broken, others cannot." Mu Yingying also explained to Xiao Yi.

"right here……"

"I didn't expect you to find another holy flame so easily. He's really a lucky guy." And when he just arrived at the blue temple gate, a trace of the soul-devouring talisman appeared in Xiao Yan's body. Hot, he said to Xiao Yan.

"Is there another holy flame in this blue temple gate..." Xiao Yan said with a dry mouth and couldn't help but wonder.

"Hehe, boy, don't be too happy too soon."

"You already have a holy flame. Even if you find another holy flame, I'm afraid you can't do anything about it."

"In my opinion, this holy flame may be cheaper than this fire elf... but I have never heard that a fire elf can devour holy flames..." The Soul Eater denies it.

"Hahaha."

"Then I won't let the seniors worry about it."

"As long as I find the holy flame, I will have my own way to devour it." When Xiao Yan heard this, he ignored the hesitation of the Soul Devouring Talisman.

"This guy, what are you doing..."

"In the entire Great Thousand World, there are powerhouses who can have more than two holy flames, but they can be counted in almost one hand..."

"A powerhouse of that level can suppress two kinds of holy flames within the body just by relying on strength... If the strength of the Seven Star Dou Emperor mid-stage wants to devour the second holy flame, this is definitely a fantasy."

"Unless... this guy has a divine power."

"However, there are very few exercises at the level of Shenjue in the entire Great Thousand World, how could it appear on this guy..." After the Soul Eater finished speaking, it slowly became quiet.

"Brother How is it?" After a while, seeing Yan Chi gently opening her pupils, Mu Yingying ran up and asked him a question.

"Although this seal gate is very strong, it should be able to break through the power of two holy flames," Yan Chi said with a smile.

"Then what are you waiting for, turn it on." Mu Yingying said slightly after hearing this.

"It's up to me." Just as Mu Yingying finished her words, Xiao Yan stepped forward.

"Although I'm not very calm about your physical condition, there are still some things that are unstable when you think about it, so the power of Saint Flame should be less active." Xiao Yan said with a smile.

"Good boy, you have courage, no wonder she didn't misread you." Yan Chi on the side had a good impression of Xiao Yan after realizing that Xiao Yan had noticed such careful details.

"Let's do it, things will change later." Xiao Yan said.

"Holy Flame, come out!" And Yanchi knew the seriousness of the matter, so he didn't hesitate, and the fiery red power of holy flame suddenly emerged.

"This fiery red holy flame, do you know which holy flame Yanchi is..." Xiao Yan muttered in his heart, and after muttering, the huge earth-yellow holy flame suddenly poured out, and then joined the flames with Yanchi. The power of the red holy flame suddenly converged on the blue temple gate.

And the cyan light that protects the gate of the temple seems to resonate with the power of the holy flame of the two. After a while, it turned into a cyan flame, and it burned directly with the other two flames of their respective colors.

And with the disappearance of the blue light, the gate of the palace slowly opened at this moment.

: . :